This is the 3rd part of the Wendy series. I won't repeat the background from the first story. I suggest the reader read that story first so you will know the background. The link is below. These stories are true. Every event described actually occurred.
Here is the link to her first story: https://www.literotica.com/s/wendys-adventures-pt-01
The second story is a prequel about some of her activities prior to our marriage. She had been so adventurous after we were married, I had forgotten about some of the stunts she pulled before we were married. Too bad as they are memorable, at least to me, and probably even more so to her voyeurs. So, I have now memorialized them.
Here is the link to her second story: https://www.literotica.com/s/wendys-adventures-pt-02
***************
My parents have a condo on the beach on the Gulf Coast of Florida, They spend the winters there, and Wendy and I use it during the summers when they aren't there.
We had been together 4 1/2 years and married for almost 3 when we planned our vacation for our 3rd wedding anniversary.
For our anniversary, Wendy had a plan. It seems she always has a plan. She had wanted to go to a nude beach for the past several years. After doing some research, she found a nude beach in Miami. Her plan was to drive over to Ft. Lauderdale from the condo, stay in a hotel there and go to Miami (Haulover Beach) for day trips. She also had a few other things planned. One that she revealed to me was that she wanted to be naked and walking on the beach on her third wedding anniversary. She felt that would be kinky. As it turned out, that was the least kinky thing she did that day.
Wendy wanted to stay in the Hilton on the Strip, which faces the W hotel on the south side of the Hilton. When we checked in, she had me request a room on the south side of the hotel. She previously had told me the purpose of this, but I wasn't sure she would go through with her plan. It was bolder than anything she had done in the past.
We had a nice room on the 6th floor facing the W. Also on our floor was the pool. We had a large patio/deck that had a walkway going by our patio to the pool. Our patio/deck faced every room on the north side of the W. That W is a big hotel. Our sliding glass doors were a window into the most intimate part of our lives, if we chose to open the curtains. Well, our curtains were never closed, either day or night. More about that later.
Haulover Beach is a state run nude beach in Miami. The nude part is probably 400 yards long, overlooked by Trump Towers just to the north side of the nude portion.
On our first trip there, Wendy was a bit nervous about skinning off her clothes in public. She had a beer to help her get over her inhibitions. Although she had been naked in public many times in the past, there weren't that many people present, and they weren't that close to her when she undressed.
We rented chairs and an umbrella, and Wendy, like a good trooper, got naked. After about 30 minutes she was brave enough to get off the chair and go in the water. A little later she was brave enough to walk the entire section of the nude portion of the beach without any clothes or inhibitions. It was nice to see her nicely shaped breasts jiggle as she walked the beach. I enjoyed showing her off.
One day as we were leaving the beach, Wendy was bent over her chair packing up. The guy next to us had turned his chair facing us to get more of the sun (and maybe to get a better look at Wendy while she was in her chair). He was about 4' away from Wendy. I whispered to her, "Give him a good view." So she bent way over, giving him a closeup view of her cute little pink asshole and a rear view of her labia. While she gave many views that day, that was probably the best one. It was certainly the closest view. She enjoyed parting her legs while seated on the chaise and letting passerbys see her goods.
On our anniversary she came up with the idea to spread her labia with the fingers on one hand and then removed her fingers. Her labia remained partially parted with her clitoral hood and her inner labia visible. She would have to repeat the spread every 10 minutes or so to keep her labia open. She did it so the guys could see her very pink interior. She liked the kinkiness of that. In fact she liked it so well, she continued to spread her womanhood for the rest of the days we were there.
There are open and communal showers at the entrance to the beach. We would shower at the two showers each day as we left the beach. Of course we would shower naked. Usually we would shower together, but Wendy had no problems showering with another man if only one shower was available when we got to the showers. She took particular pleasure in showering with another guy on her anniversary.
One day the two showers on the beach were full with a short line, so we walked naked down to some other showers at a restroom not far away. As we showered, I noticed more and more men were gathering around to watch Wendy shower. She put on a good show for them, lathering her breasts and massaging them, making her little nipples as hard as small pebbles. She would spread her cheeks to get her butt hole clean and her pussy lips to get it clean. She gave all the guys a good show. Wendy was the only girl there, and it registered on me that we were the only naked people at the showers.
For several weeks I wondered why Wendy had been such a naked attraction at a nude beach. I mean all the guys had to do was to walk 100 yards to the beach to see other naked women. Well, maybe not nearly as pretty and as well put together as Wendy, but still naked. I later learned that restroom was not part of the nude beach; It is part of the non nude portion of Haulover. So that's why she was such an attraction! Good thing the park rangers didn't come by or we would have been in trouble.
Each night we would go to dinner and Wendy used this a an exhibitionist opportunity. Her usual attire was a micro mini skirt with no panties, and a top with no bra. On the morning of our 3rd anniversary, we caught the water taxi down to a restaurant for brunch that had been recommended to us. There was a good opportunity for Wendy to show what was under her skirt as she got in the boat. We saw that at the front of the boat the seating was along the sides of the boat, with the passengers facing each other. On the left side, as we got on the taxi, there were 4 or 5 young guys seated on the bench seats. The bench seats across from them were empty.
Wendy grabbed my hand and led me to the middle of the bench seats opposite the guys. I immediately knew what she had in mind. As she sat down, she positioned her skirt so it just barely covered her pubic hair when looking at it from our perspective, that is looking down. From the front, the vantage point of the guys, her light brown pubic hair and labia were visible. Just to remove any doubt, Wendy slightly parted her legs so they could get a look at her womanhood. What a turn on for both of us, and especially the guys for whom she was showing off.
The taxi ride took about 30 minutes during which time the guys had an unobstructed view of my wife's pussy. The longer the ride took, the more aroused she became and the more she parted her legs. I could hear her breathing quicken and knew she was getting more and more aroused. She was holding my hand. Her grip became tighter and more moist as the ride progressed. While she never fully spread her legs, they were sufficiently far apart by the time we reached our destination for those guys to know she was a full fledged female.
As we reached our destination, she reluctantly got up to leave. As she climbed the 3 or 4 steps to the exit, her bottom side was visible to the guys below. She turned, smiled at them and gave them a cute little wave. She told me she had seen bulges in each of their shorts. It pleased her that she had shown her pussy to those guys and had given them erections on her wedding anniversary. She really delighted in being naughty on this special day. As we wanted to spend most of the day at Haulover, we caught a regular taxi back to the hotel. It was less than a 10 minute trip by regular taxi rather than a 30 minute trip by the water taxi.
A restaurant we particularly enjoyed was on the Strip down the street from the W and the Hilton. It had a raised outside dining area that overlooked the sidewalk below. The first night we were there was what gave Wendy the idea we would use the next time we went.
The first night she had on her usual miniskirt and a top that unzipped partially down the front. She had unzipped it a bit too far, and her breasts and nipples were exposed each time she leaned over a bit. We had a male waiter who got some good views of her bare breasts. And she kept her legs parted so whoever was in the right angle could see her womanhood. We didn't notice anybody taking a good look between her legs. She was disappointed in this.
But the best plan was the second time we went to the restaurant. This was for our anniversary dinner. Wendy said she wanted to get there a little early so we could get a table directly next to the sidewalk.
When we got to the restaurant, there were two tables that would suit our purpose. She took a chair next to the sidewalk at an angle facing the oncoming pedestrian traffic on the right side of the sidewalk and about 4 or 5 feet above it. She had it all planned out, including the best angle for her voyeurs to view her.
Her chair and the business part of her would be right at eye level, or maybe just a little above. Perfect for what she had planned. Prior to leaving the hotel she had a glass of wine to bolster her courage. She got another glass upon being seated. We had a waitress this time, but Wendy thought what the hell and let her see her breasts, as if she were a guy. Not sure what the waitress thought, but she did look. The busboy was male, and he enjoyed the view.
Although she is an exhibitionist, she is still a bit shy about showing off in new situations. This was a new situation. The wine would smooth the transition from being a regular diner to being a diner with her femininity exposed to passersby.
I couldn't see her pussy, but I could see her legs. When first seated her legs were together. As she relaxed with the wine, they began to part. By the time the meal arrived her legs were parted as much as they would be. She wanted to part them so her pussy was easily seen, but not so far as to appear purposeful She wanted it to appear accidental. That was her thing, to make it appear accidental. Sometimes she was successful, sometimes not.
When a guy would see her labia, and then look up at her face, Wendy would smile at him. He would then know that was no accident. We were at the restaurant for probably an hour during the daylight hours with her personal girl bits on view to whoever walked by, Don't know how many guys got to see it, but she estimated maybe 15 or 20. She lost count after she saw 7 of them look at it. I saw her smile at 4 or 5 of them. The whole thing was a turn on for us.
But the best part was the hotel business at night. Wendy told me she wanted to do something special for our 3rd anniversary. I just didn't know how special. Before we left for dinner, I noticed her paying special attention to the living room area of our large suite apartment. I asked her what she was doing. She responded, "Making plans."
"OK, plans about what, Wendy?"
"If we had sex on the floor in front of the sliding glass doors, the entire north side of the W could watch us."
Now that was an ambitious plan.
She had already sat on the deck drying and combing her hair in the afternoons while naked. 100% of the north side of the W could see her out there just nonchalantly combing her hair. It was a turn on for her. But this plan was several steps above that. And I would be involved. I asked her if she was up for it, and she responded, "Let's do it!" I started to feel tingly inside and my knees were a bit weak. I'm not an exhibitionist and only participate because she needs a partner on some of her escapades. I have, however, learned to enjoy fucking her with an audience, as long as they aren't too close to us.
I have moved beyond merely being an enabler; I am a participant, reluctant at times but still a participant. Also, at times I am a co conspirator.
We would need a blanket to place on the floor so we wouldn't get rug burns. She excitedly began to look for a blanket. Wouldn't you know it, there was no blanket in the room. I didn't know whether to be disappointed or relieved. Wendy was most disappointed. I felt bad for her.
Wendy got quiet and again was surveying our domain. I asked her what she was doing, and she said she was thinking. I asked her what she was thinking about, and she said, "An alternate plan." She explained her alternate plan to me at dinner, and it was a good one. We would lose some of our audience, but we wouldn't get rug burns.
After our dinner we walked back to the hotel. Wendy was slightly tipsy from the wine, and intentionally so. What she had planned was her biggest escapade yet. We walked, held hands, and I congratulated her on being so daring at dinner. I mean I never thought she would do something like that. We were holding hands and occasionally she would put her arm around me and hold me like that for awhile.
When we got back to the hotel, she had another glass of wine and began analyzing the situation after she took her miniskirt and top off. It was dark outside, the lights in the room were on and the curtain on the sliding glass doors was open as wide as it would go, having not been closed since we got there.
She said that good lighting would be essential so our voyeurs would get a good show. I could tell she was serious about this. There was a table and lamp next to the wall the doors opened from. She moved this lamp over to the opposite wall where it was placed behind the sliding glass door curtains that were bunched up next to the doors on the non opening end of the doors. She explained that would remove any glare from the lamp on the glass doors, and the light wouldn't be between us and our audience. As she was doing this she was walking around naked drinking her wine. She then positioned a fairly large chair so that the maximum number of rooms from the W would be able to see what was going on in the chair. I was beginning to see the entirety of her plan.
She said the longer she walked around naked in the room, the larger the audience we would draw. To be so young (I think about 27 on this trip), she certainly knew what she wanted.
There was a sofa against the interior wall, one end of which faced the sliding doors. The sofa itself faced the center of the room where the chair now was. She asked me to help her pull the sofa out from the wall some so she would be visible to more rooms once we started. She then said the chair out in the center of the room was too obvious, so she moved it back toward the wall a little bit. Behind that chair was a wall that separated our bedroom from the living room; it was a big suite.
After being suitably fortified with her wine, she was ready to get started. She sat down on the couch, motioned me over and started kissing me while I felt her breasts. She had been in a state of arousal for much of the day because of the water taxi ride, the beach and the dinner. She estimated that maybe 20 to 30 men had seen her private parts today. This didn't include the nude beach where she walked naked on the beach as planned. This activity kept her going all day and into the evening. Now she was going to take advantage of that sexual arousal.
After a few minutes of aroused kissing, she lay back against the arm rest of the sofa, put her left foot on the floor and the other spread as far as she could get it. Her right knee was bent and her leg was pulled back. She may have had it on the back of the couch. Wherever it was, she was fully spread and totally exposed. She was facing the sliding glass door.
I looked at her vulva and could see she was aroused and leaking. Because she is so light skinned, her pussy on the inside is very pink, as is her asshole. When she becomes aroused the interior of her pussy turns a bright red. It was red. She had been anticipating this since before dinner.
She wanted me to masturbate her for our audience, so I started gently rubbing her clitoris, occasionally going in her vagina and rubbing her G spot. She said, "The longer we do this, the larger the audience we will have for our performance." I told her our performance had already started. She then wanted me to take off my clothes. I did so, and my cock was at full attention. She then started sucking me to make sure I was interested. I was.
When she was ready, she led me to the chair and had me sit down. She then started giving me a lap dance rubbing her pussy around on my shaft with her back to the sliding glass doors. When she could stand it no longer, she impaled herself on me with a gasp. About 70% of the rooms on the north side of the W looked straight into our room, and she was riding me at night with the curtains open and the lights on.
She was totally getting into it, and asked me to spread her butt cheeks. She wanted to give our audience a good look at her pussy getting hammered and her cute little asshole. So I obliged her. She said, "Spread it wider!" I took my fingers and spread her asshole so wide it was bound to be uncomfortable. She wanted the voyeurs to be able to see up inside of her. She knew that some men were more attracted to women's assholes than their pussies, and she didn't want to leave anything to the imagination.
As she was humping me, I could see some people had come out on the balconies at the W and were watching. I told Wendy this, and she moaned. I saw one guy come out, take a look at what was going on, go back in the room and return with his wife. They watched awhile then went back inside and turned the lights off. Not brave at all. I mean anyone can have sex with the curtains closed and the lights off.
As Wendy is building toward orgasm, I can feel it in her asshole. It has small spasms that portend several large spasms as she cums. I was rubbing it for her when I felt it open a little and start the small spasms. I stuck my finger in it and began finger fucking her asshole, as she likes this. Then I realized our audience wouldn't be able to see her "wink" with my finger stuck up there, so i pulled it out and let them watch as she winked at them. Boy, did she! I think she had 7 or 8 large spasms, with resulting winks for our audience.
Wendy collapsed on me. She was spent. I needed to cum, but doing it there in front of all of those people was distracting for me. Plus I was worried about offending someone. So I stood Wendy up, who was weak in her legs, and took to the bedroom. There I fucked her in missionary until I got off. After the sexual tension mounting during the day, we both were happy to finish each other off. I got up and turned off the lights we had left on in the living room. Wendy and I lovingly held each other as we went to sleep on the 3rd anniversary of our marriage.