Darcy and Elizabeth ran along the platform. The train was due to go any moment. Elizabeth was in front and Darcy was chasing behind carrying the picnic basket for the planned afternoon. Elizabeth went to board the first carriage she reached and started to climb aboard. Darcy was quickly behind her panting hard and laughing. Bumping into her soft well shaped bum. Elizabeth squealed as she fell forward into the carriage. There were other passengers on board, they looked up unamused at the sudden noise at the start of their journey.
The doors closed and the train rocked and lurched its start of the journey. Darcy scanned ahead and told Elizabeth to start walking down the carriage to the next one. Two carriages later a set of seats were available that enabled Elizabeth, Darcy and the basket to sit together. The basket occupied the window seat of the double seats facing them. On the other side of the aisle an older man sat. He briefly looked up raising his eyes just above the rim of his glasses to clearly see who had distracted his attention from his paper. Once his inspection was finished his broadsheet paper was erected up in front of him and behind his newspaper castle he silently sat.
Darcy was next to the window and Elizabeth turned in her seat and grinned at Darcy her green eyes alight with mischief. She leaned close and softly whispered into Darcy's ear.
"Ooh a proper party pooper"
Darcy could smell her fragrance. The run had made her hot and her aroma and perfume could be clearly smelled. He loved the smell of Elizabeth's skin. It tasted just as good when he slowly licked her body.
"He's going to try his best to completely ignore us." Elizabeth continued. She sat up straight surveying the rest of the carriage.
"That run has made me far too warm." Commented Elizabeth and she removed the denim jacket she was wearing over her summer dress.
Darcy took the jacket and placed it on his lap. He then lent forward and kissed Elizabeth's bare shoulder. There it was, the smell and taste of her skin.
Elizabeth turned again to Darcy.
"Starting already?" She smiled mischievously. "Has something else already started?"
Elizabeth's hand went under her jacket and expertly went to where she knew Darcy's cock would be lying. She could immediately tell that he was getting aroused and that he wasn't wearing any underwear under his combats.
"Naughty. Thought you'd go commando again. What were you hoping to get up to?" Elizabeth's eyebrow raised as she asked.
Darcy flushed slightly. His eyes left Elizabeth's and looked in the direction of the newspaper man. He was still hiding behind his paper.
"Don't you worry about him." said Elizabeth as she deftly unzipped Darcy's combats.
She slipped her cool hand in and curled her fingers around Darcy's warm stiffening cock. Darcy gasped and his face showed just how much he enjoyed her touch.
"Control yourself my dear. You can't let it show so openly on your face. You know the rules of secret sex." whispered Elizabeth in Darcy's ear.
Elizabeth loved the soft smooth feeling of Darcy's cock. He always kept his balls and shaft smooth. His ball sac always felt so soft. Darcy claimed that he kept himself that way as it was more comfortable with all the running he did. All the sweat and heat, it avoided chaffing he claimed. Elizabeth knew that Darcy also enjoyed the sensation that being smooth gave him. She held one of his balls gently between two of her fingers. Feeling its shape and its weight. Was this ball right now busy making cum for her?
She lifted her hand out and without warning or asking she undid the top button of his combats. Now he was prone sitting there and his cock was free. Elizabeth then lifted her denim jacket and looked down at the cock that was now twitching and very erect. Despite its state it laid flat on its back reaching up to Darcy's belly button. Elizabeth lift it slightly and then pulled back the foreskin. Letting the big purple head get exposed to the air. She could smell his cock. Its juices must already be active. Her index finger stroked that bit where the foreskin looked like it was tied to the glans. She then pushed her finger in a bit deeper, pushing apart that split in the glans. Moist but no pre cum yet. Elizabeth then took a firm grip of Darcy's cock. It felt so strong and hard in her hand and she slowly began to stroke. Watching the foreskin peel back before it covered the head again on the upward stroke. The glans were a little dry and Elizabeth thought it would be better to get them lubricated. She put her fingers to her mouth to wet them and apply the moisture to Darcy's cock. When on an impulse she said
"Keep a look out."
Elizabeth's head went down and took all of Darcy's length in her mouth. Darcy was in disbelief. His face was no longer calm or nonchalant. Here he was sitting on a train with Elizabeth now sucking and licking his cock and just a few feet away was a man reading a newspaper. Should he move that paper he would see Elizabeth going down on him. The audacity and risk aroused Darcy further. Elizabeth could feel his cock getting harder in her mouth and yes there on her tongue the first salty taste of his balls leaking their cum.
Elizabeth raised her head. Her hand still holding Darcy's cock and leaned closer to kiss him.
"Best let you calm down a little before you make a lovely mess."
She covered over Darcy's cock with her denim jacket again. No sooner had she done this than the train stewards came by wanting to see tickets. Not a problem but for the fact Elizabeth's ticket was in the inside pocket of her denim jacket which was currently covering Darcy's erection. Darcy's was in his jacket which he could retrieve easily. Elizabeth very carefully rooted about under her jacket trying to find the pocket. Of course the first thing her hand touched was Darcy's still aroused cock, which was still wet with her spit. But luck was there and her hand re-emerged from under the jacket with a ticket.
The steward clipped the tickets and continued down the carriage. Elizabeth blurts out laughing.
"Oh your face." She said quietly.
The train then began to slow as it approached the next station. To Elizabeth and Darcy's delight. Mr Newspaper got up and left the train.
"Oh you deliciously salacious woman" Said Darcy.
He kissed her deeply. His tongue entering her mouth. She responded in kind. Darcy slipped his hand along Elizabeth's smooth thigh. He reached her knickers and immediately felt the warm welcome sensation of Elizabeth's very damp knickers. She moaned softly at his touch and Darcy quickly pulled the knickers to one side to expose Elizabeth's moist pussy lips. His fingers slid in easily as she was so wet. Darcy pulled his hand away and Elizabeth watched as he examined his now wet finger tips before he put them in his mouth. Elizabeth could see the pleasure in Darcy's as he tasted her pussy juices. He always told her that her pussy produced nectar that should be licked and slowly savoured.
Elizabeth stood up. She looked about the carriage again. There was no one near their end and only some obvious business types sitting either engrossed in their laptops or blackberrys down the other end. The seat obscured their view of Elizabeth's lower half and she raised her dress and pulled down her knickers. Balancing carefully as the carriage rocked slightly she stepped out of her knickers. She could see clearly how damp she had made them. Standing there, she was still able to view the other passengers but they were not able to see all of her. Elizabeth raised her dress high enough to reveal her pussy to Darcy. He leaned forward and slipped his tongue between so he could lick her clit. It was hard to concentrate on her balance as both hands were holding up her dress. She dropped it so rested on Darcy's head. She placed both her hands on his shoulders to keep her balance. As she did this Darcy moved his left hand over Elizabeth's right arse cheek. He squeezed it feeling its softness in his hand. Elizabeth could no longer control the look on her face. She had to sit back down.
She sat now opposite Darcy and opened her legs giving him full view of her wet smooth pussy. It was glistening from being licked and being aroused. She could see Darcy's cock, exposed and standing so very proud again. Darcy sat forward and said to Elizabeth.
"I want you to stand up again but this time turn around and bend over."
Elizabeth smiled and replied, "Yes sir."
She stood up, turned around, opened her legs slightly and leant forward with her palms open on the seat opposite. Elizabeth then felt Darcy lift her dress up. So her arse and pussy were exposed. She then felt Darcy's hands on both her cheeks and then he pulled them apart exposing her anus. This was then quickly followed by Darcy's warm wet tongue tip probing into her anus and around. The sensation of his tongue licking and probing around there always made Elizabeth weak and made her gasp. She could feel him pull apart her cheeks further as he pushed his tongue deeper into her hole. Elizabeth lowered her head on to the seat. Raising her arse and opening herself up more for Darcy. The feeling was exquisite as she could feel the movement of the train, swaying her slightly, while Darcy continued to lick in and around her anus.
Elizabeth could feel Darcy's spit now running down from her anus and onto her pussy. He then started lick between her anus and pussy slowly moving down. Her pussy began to tingle in preparation for his tongue. Then suddenly she felt Darcy's thumb begin to enter her arse. Slowly, using his spit to work its way in. Elizabeth focussed and relaxed her muscles so that Darcy's thumb easily slipped in.
"God!" she thought. "My pussy is being licked and my arse fingered. All whilst on a moving train where anyone could find us".
As she thought this she could feel an orgasm welling up inside her. There was no way she could hold this one back, nor did she want to. Darcy moved himself lower. Now he could lap her clit and pussy with his tongue whilst his thumb slid in and out of her anus. The pressure was building inside, a wave of pure passion. Elizabeth couldn't help herself she was moaning and gasping.
"Thank god this train is noisy." she thought.
She felt Darcy pull his head away. He stood and then Elizabeth felt the head of his hard cock push against her lips. Her pussy welcomed him in and his full length was soon pushing hard inside her. This broke the final barrier and the dam of passion burst through and flooded her body. It blossomed out from her pussy sweeping away everything in its path. For a moment for Elizabeth there was only herself and this orgasm.
"Fuck! Oh fuck yes." Elizabeth finally moaned out.
Darcy pulled his cock out of her pussy. He could see it glistening with Elizabeth's juices. Elizabeth sat round and held his cock. She pulled his foreskin back and began licking his glans. Teasing its tip with her tongue. She began giving Darcy's long definite slow strokes. She could feel it hardening building up. Darcy was going to cum and she was going to let him shoot all of it straight into her mouth.
Darcy put his hands on Elizabeth's head, he then held her hair. Elizabeth stopped stroking and let Darcy have a moment of control. He pushed her head down so his cock went deeper in her mouth. Then holding her head steady he began to fuck her mouth. Her spit flowed and covered his cock so that when he removed it from Elizabeth's mouth tendrils of spit connected her mouth to his cock. Elizabeth began stroking again but this time she increased the rhythm. It was coming soon. She cupped his smooth balls again thinking of the cum they were about to put in her mouth. Then just as she was giving a long downward stroke that pulled Darcy's foreskin back as far as it would go, Darcy let out a moan and the end of his cock spurted its thick milky goodness into Elizabeth's mouth.
Elizabeth loved the different subtle flavours of Darcy's cum. Its saltiness washed over her tongue. She had to be quick as Darcy's balls had been busy and there was lots to take in her mouth. Darcy was panting as she stroked and squeezed his cock to get out the last drops of cum. One more squeeze and there the last little drop of cum appeared on the tip of his glans. Elizabeth flicked her tongue across it and then gave his head one last lick with her tongue.
"All clean and not a drop wasted." Said Elizabeth looking up at him with her eyes giving a satisfied grin.
She had got her cream.
Darcy zipped himself back up and looked down the carriage. No one had even raised their heads by the look of it. He was almost disappointed that such an event had gone unnoticed. He sat down and put his arm around Elizabeth. He held her so close. She put her head on his chest and let the post orgasm content and the rocking of the carriage soothe her.
The peace was suddenly broken by the refreshment trolley being pushed down the aisle by them.
"Anything to eat or drink?" Came the voice from steward. She stood there looking down at them.
"No thank you, we're fine" said Elizabeth.
"So I saw." Replied the steward.
Both Elizabeth and Darcy quickly looked up at the steward as she pushed the trolley on, chuckling to herself.
Elizabeth and Darcy quietly giggled together.