SEATTLE - 1993
Back in the early 90's there were still private booth sex shows on Times Square in NYC and a few other cities like San Francisco and Seattle. By the turn of the century, most were gone as the sex industry went more mainstream and online.
This is a true story but for name changes and some story line artifice.
This is not a typical erotic tale -- It actually took place over two days. Even truncated, there is a lot of story between the "sexual" interludes. The issues of sexual abuse and mental health are not skimmed over, but much detail is left out.
It hurt to write and tell the tale and I had second thoughts about submitting it. But it speaks to a unique period in our culture, sexism, mental health and more. I am frankly embarrassed of the man I was then.
While definitely a period piece, I have written it in the present tense, as I am still not controlled enough to write in a past tense perspective. This is especially so when recounting particularly poignant moments, so I chose to let it roll in real time.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Everyone else on my team is arriving later tonight, so I figured that it was the perfect time to head over to my secret pleasure in Seattle.
My firm produces musical events for major corporations as part of their conventions or summit meetings. They pay mega dollars to have top tier acts play for their shareholders and/or employees. We act as mid buyers and produce the shows, functioning as the bridge between two very different worlds.
It is a relatively new extension of the concert industry and we got in at the ground level. We are doing well.
But to sell our services, I had to change from a rock and roll promoter with long hair, cowboy boots and jeans into a suit wearing CEO who can convince someone like Gianni Agnelli, Steve Jobs or Edsel Ford to trust me with $2 million plus to simply put on a concert.
In doing so, I discovered that tailored clothes are actually really comfortable and I soon have no problem going back and forth from my small ranch in Colorado to LA, NY and the corporate campuses where I pitch our services.
I no longer stay at the Edgewater, a rock and roll staple for decades. I now stay in luxury at the Olympic.
Life is good! I have a successful company, we are about to do our biggest show yet for Microsoft with Aerosmith performing.
I have a night free of responsibilities and am going to indulge myself with a peep show visit and then have a nice solo dinner with a book.
Currently re-reading "The Monkey Wrench Gang", I grab it from my shoulder bag and head out the door.
I love leaving the posh Olympic in my Ermenegildo Zegna Egyptian cotton shirt, dress slacks and Girling boots, fitting right in, while knowing they are just clothes. Underneath, I am far more suited for where I am bound than this hotel.
Going from the staid elegance of the Olympic, to the dark, dank, semen sticky floors of the Lusty Lady on 1st Ave is culture shock to the extreme.
The Lusty Lady has it all.
There are old school peep show booths were you can jerk off to videos.
There is a single, large room with a semi circle of individual booths. Once you pump your tokens into the window release, you are provided a view of the room, with one or more girls, dancing, playing with themselves, posing, etc.
But you can also see across into the windows of other guys, jerking off. I tried it once and left immediately. NOT attractive to me in any way.
My kink is in the private booths. You put in your tokens and the window opens on a small room, not much bigger than your booth. If not occupied, a girl will soon arrive.
Hard to believe that anyone can get aroused in such a place. Especially to the point of actually ejaculating, while knowing that your "partner" on the other side of the window is just punching a clock.
But it works for me every time.
I am not lacking for sexual activity. Actively dating a neighbor in Colorado and two women in LA, I don't "need" to visit a whack joint. In fact, two nights ago, I enjoyed a marathon session of light switch bondage and mutual toy play before finishing it off with a sweet, vanilla missionary fuck with my cowgirl neighbor in Durango.
When I first discovered peep shows in the early 70's, barely out of my teens, they were a substitute for the sex I was not getting. Over the years, it evolved into something else. I am starting to realize that I may have a somewhat exhibitionist bent.
I am not well hung or so fit as to be of unique interest to a woman on the other side of the glass. However, I am heavily tattooed. Most of me from my shoulders to my knees is covered. I also have several piercings (nipples, lorum, frenum). Body modification has just started to break into the straight world, but is still pretty rare.
With my arms below my biceps free of ink, I can hide in plain sight, even in a golf shirt. Out in the world I enjoy the yin/yang nature of that subterfuge.
Over the past few years, I have found that exposing the ink and piercings will cause the girls to pay a bit more interest.
It is fun to watch their bored faces as they enter, find a straight looking businessman in a dress shirt and slacks who gradually unbuttons his shirt and unzips his fly to expose something a bit freakier for their amusement -- or at least provide a bit of diversity to their boring day.
It's only 5:00PM and I don't expect the Lusty Lady to be too crowded.
Walking into the dark entrance, I buy 40 minutes worth of tokens and walk through the curtain.
In the gooey gloom of the lobby area is a big security guy and one old man with a rolling bucket and a wet mop, to clean the floor after each customer is done.
Heading to the confessionals, I pick a door, enter, check the bench which appears to be clean and dry and put my book down next to the roll of paper towels, wondering what Abbey would have thought of all this. Paper towels are the one amenity provided in the booths, along with a small rubbish bin.
I pump all the tokens into the slot, watching the digital counter ascend to 40 min. I will likely be done in 15, but from the little I know, the girls get paid off the token count, so I think of it as a tip before service.
The window slides down on an empty room. The window itself is rectangular. About 2' wide and 3' tall.
I unzip and began fondling myself as Al Green's "Call Me" starts up on the sound system.
The door of the room opposite me opens and a girl walks out. Most are in their 20's and tend to look even younger. I usually think of them as girls. This one seems a bit older, and somehow different.
She has blonde hair, which I cannot verify as natural. She is waxed and her pudenda is hairless and smooth. It is also tattooed, a wall of fire rising from her loins, filling her pelvic girdle.
The work is actually amazing, with swirling grey smoke alternating with the yellow, orange and red. The outline work is solid and sumi black. It looks almost Japanese, but that's impossible.
I should know. I have three pieces from Horiyoshi III, one of the current generation of Japanese masters. Tattooing in Japan is not illegal, but is so culturally frowned upon that you are not allowed in bath houses if you are tattooed. It is thought to be a yakuza only pursuit, but firemen and several trades take pride in their body suits as well.
Horimono is the term used for full body suit tattoos, while irezumi refers to tattooing in general. It originated as a term used for the carved designs in a samurai sword. The "hori" part then became an honorific for masters of the art.
Due to the societal assumptions, it is a very underground scene. The artists do not have street shops with signs, instead working out of unmarked shops or apartments. Given the quality and artisanship of the their work, this bias is absurd.
My entrée was provided by a famous American tattooist who had apprenticed with Horihide twenty years earlier. The first visit involved several letters back and forth and finally a handmade map taking me from Yokahama station to the apartment that served as Horiyoshi's studio.
The work opposite me has hints of Japanese influence and is remarkably executed, but I decide it cannot be actual horimono.
She begins swaying slowly to Al Green, a bit glassy eyed and disconnected and I think she might be high.
A recovering addict, I can spot a fellow junkie pretty quickly. But her pupils are actually dilated, the whites bright and clear with the most amazing grey/blue irises I think I have ever seen.
No, the glassy eyed look is one of complete boredom. Absolute disinterest. And a little something else I cannot quite place. But she could not care less that there is a paying customer on the other side of the glass.
She begins by cupping and lifting her breasts while tweaking her nipples. Then she does a really silly excursion of her lips with the tip of her tongue. I almost laugh, but hey, I can't blame her.
I am still playing with my flaccid cock, and reach in to bring out my ball sack through the open zipper, my pants buttoned to keep them from falling onto the disgusting floor.
Across from me, she has gone to position #2 in her 'Bored Book of Tricks'. Her room has a larger, deeper bench, allowing her to do various positions of exposure. This next position is bent over on her knees holding her ass and pussy open for me.
Both are actually quite lovely. Her lips are full and pink and her asshole is waxed and free of the 'roid surrounds of many sex workers. My cock grows in my hand.
I pull the tails free and unbutton my shirt. Tugging on one of my nipple rings, my penis becomes fully tumescent as I watch her suck her finger and then stick it into what is assuredly a dry pussy, as bored as she is.
No matter, I'm doing okay on my own and will be finished soon. Hell, she might even get a 30 min bonus instead of 20.
Al Green has moved through "I'm Still In Love With You" and on to "Let's Stay Together" as she goes to position #3 in my imagined 'Booth Girl Playbook'.
Position #3 is lying back on her bench, legs akimbo, 'playing' with her disinterested pussy.
However, this time we actually make eye contact for a quick second and then she darts her gaze down to my exposed torso.
Her flat affect gives a little jump and returns to nothing as she keeps fingering herself -- continually adding spit, which looks hot, but I can see it's because she is bone dry and unaroused.
I unbutton my slacks and sit down on the bench, leaning back against the wall and begin pleasuring myself in earnest. Telling myself, "Yeah, Tom, you are just an exhibitionist in a safe place, that's the kink for you."
I try to imagine entering the pussy across from me, but her obvious detachment, does nothing to take me further, so I close my eyes and begin pleasuring myself with purpose while Al moves on to "Here I Am"
I idly wonder if the girls get to choose the music during their shifts. I am just grateful they are not playing Nirvana which was the soundtrack to a Sunday morning session a few months before.
Forgetting the girl on the other side of the glass, I lick the palm of my hand and begin stroking myself with my right hand as I pull and twist my nipple rings with my left. A bit more spit and I let my right hand just grip my cock as I thrust up, fucking my fist.
My lorum has a 1" diameter ring through it with a large, heavy ball closure. The size of ring and ball is specifically for my cowgirl's pleasure as it slaps her clit when fucking doggy style.
I like it as well, using it when masturbating. I put a finger through it, providing a great tug on my ball sack on the upstroke and the ball rolls along the underside of my shaft and up onto my crown as it bounces over my frenum.
The frenum is a 10g barbell, primarily for a partner's pleasure, but I like the look of it, just below the swell of my crown on its underside, the most sensitive spot on my penis.
Now fully aroused, I slip my third finger through the ring and begin stroking hard, wishing I was not circumcised, wondering what this would feel like if I was uncut with a lorum this size.
Al Green has segued to "Love and Happiness" and I am getting my stroke up on to the amazing groove being laid down by his Memphis rhythm section, specifically Howard Grimes on drums and Leroy Hodges on bass.
It's a slow, sexy grind and I know I am close.
I look down at myself, swollen and hard, a bit of pre cum on my slit. As I stroke up over my frenum, my palm catches that little pearl of jizz and sweeps it back across the belly of my shaft. It's all I needed and I get ready to stand and give the bucket man a chance to earn his money, by unloading onto the floor.
But as start to get up, I notice that booth girl has moved and I don't think this position is in the playbook.
She is standing in front of the window, hands up on either side of the window frame, just watching me. Due to the window's size, I can only see her from the waist up
Our eyes meet briefly and she is startled, but does not move. She breaks our gaze and looks down at my cock, then slowly, she moves her eyes back along my torso and engages with me again.
I worry that she is going to start licking her lips or sneering 'sexily' or some other nonsense that will likely turn me flaccid again. I am already starting to go a bit limp.
But she does not. She just keeps on staring at me. Her affect is no longer flat, but it's not engaging either. It is open and not judgmental.
And I am getting confused.
As stated, I have had several booth girls respond to my ink and my piercings, but they were frisky biscuits who at least pretended to be into what they were doing and coaxed me along my way until I finally spewed on the floor.
It was during those sessions that I began to realize I liked performing as much as they supposedly did, even though I had to pay for it.
Those were fun sessions and a nice break from the usual feigned masturbation scenarios that comprise most of the action on the other side of the glass.
However, when I was confronted with boredom or a complete lack of interest, like today, I would close my eyes and just get off.
But never had I been through something like this.
She is still watching, intently now. Her hands still on the window frame. We are watching each other, she's looking me over, I'm trying to figure out her angle while she continues to dodge eye contact.
As I am now the only performer in the two rooms, I decide that I like being watched like this. My cock swells in my hand.
With this realization, I slow myself down. Taking a look at the digital counter, I see that I am almost halfway through my 40 minutes. I might as well explore my newfound commitment to exhibitionism as I seem to have a mildly interested partner, although nothing sexual is coming off her.
In fact, the lack of sexual response is somehow getting me more aroused and I get a perspective on whatever it is that drives 'real' exhibitionists, because after all, there's nothing deviant about me...........
Al Green slides into "How Can You Mend A Broken Heart", slowing the tempo for me and I marvel at how in snych this playlist is with my jerk off session.
With 20 min on the clock, I decide to treat this as if I was in my hotel room, just taking my time. I don't have any lube or toys, but can still do more than just jerk myself.
I take off my shirt, carefully folding it on top of Albee and push my trousers to my knees and spread my legs apart.
Turning my head to my armpits, I inhale myself while collecting any sweat under my balls. Running my hand down my perineum, I slide two fingers through my sweaty ass crack and bring them up to my face.
Smearing my fingers onto the skin above my upper lip, my own musk fills my nostrils.
I lick my hand and return it to my crotch, spinning my slippery palm around the crown of my penis. Al picks up the tempo slightly as the playlist moves on to "Tired of Being Alone".
Window woman has not budged. But her look has definitely changed. She seems a bit more interested in what I am doing. Part of me thinks that is a bit odd, since every guy she sees through the window likely does some version of what I am doing.
I would say the biggest change is that she now looks relaxed. Her mouth is open and she is just letting it all happen in front of her. I close my eyes and resume my self gratification as Al bring the bpm up a bit with the rather incongruous "Let's Get Married".
Working more spit into my ass, my left fingers probe my sphincter as I squeeze and stroke my shaft. Edging myself almost to orgasm, I pull back and open my eyes.
Her position has altered slightly. Hands still on the window frame, she is now leaning in, nose almost touching the window. Our eyes fully connect this time and she blushes. I actually feel embarrassed for her and she seems to know this as she immediately shakes her head and mouths "No..... It's Okay, Okay."
I look at her, seemingly for the first time. Up to now, she was: older, blonde, waxed, cool tattoo, pink pussy, nice tits, dry, bored..............and those grey/blue irises.
Now I'm examining her as closely as she seems to be examining me. She is of course closer and fills the window from just below her navel to the top of her head. It frames her perfectly, what directors call a medium shot.
She is definitely older, a woman, and not a girl. I see that she has slight stretch marks on her belly and breasts and intuit that she may actually be closer to mid 30's, not so far from my 40.
Recognizing her as an adult, seeing her as a peer, a different embarrassment sweeps over me.
I realize how fucking ageist and sexist this whack booth peccadillo of mine really is..............And how it would appear to a woman my age.
I have no idea what my face is revealing of my internal revelations, but she seems to be reading me.
She sends a sad smile my way. It furrows her forehead a bit and I hope it may be a smile of acceptance or at least understanding. But it looks a lot more like pity.
Apparently, the uncertainty about the smile's meaning shows on my face. Her smile turns sardonic as she pointedly looks down at my hands, the left buried under me, the right holding my now somewhat flexible penis.
Then she nods her head up. Not up and down like a yes, but Up, and then Up, like a horse urging you for a carrot. It's a nudge, I take it as "go ahead, continue."
Still a bit embarrassed, I start to close my eyes, but there is a knock on the window. She shakes her head.
She has taken control of this entire scenario.
I could pull up my pants, put on my shirt and leave.
I decide to do so, but still remain seated.
I am frozen in place by a trio of conflicting jumble of thoughts and emotions.
Primarily, it's the exposure of my lie that this is all okay, not really exploiting women.
Then, the realization that I really like to exhibit myself.
Finally, the conundrum of wanting to control the situation, but wanting to let her run the 'show'.
She waits.
She is just looking at me, she does the horse nod again.
Something completely new stirs inside me and I decide to go ahead with this, even as exposed as I am. Exposed as a fraud for my sexism, exposed as some sort of exhibitionist. Nearly naked in front of this woman who has completely flipped the script on me.
As Al slides appropriately into "I Can't Get Next To You", I lick my palm and begin stroking myself to that instantly recognizable groove, the tip of my left middle finger now pushing into my ass.
And as she watches me, I keep edging myself more erect, more aroused. I look down at my cock and once again there is a knock at the window, this time she is laughing her "NO" at me. Her affect no longer flat. Her eyes are now alive, with a little twinkle to them and I mouth back "OK".
That new something that is stirring in me is my vulnerability. This woman may be naked, but there is no teasing, nothing sexual coming from her. She is certainly not doing what I and most clients pay for.

I am the only one really exposed and I now just give myself over to it.
The funk of "Can't Get Next To You" slides into the swinging B-3, horn section, strings, guitar changes of "Take Me To The River" and she watches me with a new intensity, but still anchored by her arms to the frame, grey/blue irises locked on mine.
She has a job where she watches guys void their ball sacks all day long. Yet, here she is playing voyeur with me as though she has never seen it before.
Something about her disconnection is spurring me on, I hook a finger into my lorum and start pulling hard on my shaft and balls, on the verge of coming but now needing her to allow it.
She smiles and nods her head in "Yes", and I begin ejaculating all over my belly and chest.
Al and the band aren't done yet and she drops her hands from the frame and begins dancing, backing into her room. She is smiling and still watching me as I clean myself up with the paper towels and pull up my pants.
It's not stripper dancing, almost hippie dancing, just enjoying herself, the job over. Halfway through buttoning my shirt, the window slides shut.
I feel a loss and immediately think about getting some more tokens and............... and what? See if she will come back out? Invite her to dinner? Dude, you are in a whack booth for fuck's sake.
She is a stripper, maybe a hooker. I am a john, a mark. And while this was unique for me, maybe that WAS her playbook and I just got played.
What the hell am I thinking?
While it does remain a secret pleasure on my part, I have never been embarrassed about attending peep shows. I am now.
I have easily shoved the obvious sexism of this behavior aside for years. I cannot tonight.
I have never left wanting anything beyond the sexual release that I usually leave on the floor or in the rubbish bin. Tonight I feel a bit empty and lost, not sure what I want, but know that I lack something.
Seriously disoriented, I walk out of the booth. I am more than mildly disgusted with myself for the first time in this environment. The bucket man and security guy both give me a nod and a weird look as most of my fellow denizens are in and out in 10 or 15 minutes. I just spent 40 minutes in there.
I push my way into the summer afternoon, blinded after the dank dark of the Lusty Lady.
Turning left, I head up to the Pike Place Market. When in Seattle, I always stop and visit Left Bank Books. It's a habit that I have been keeping up for nearly 20 years. About as long as I have been attending peep shows.
The store is filled with quirky content and takes me back to an era when we thought we were going to change the world and before book purveyors were chain stores.
I burn about an hour in the store, leafing through a variety of periodicals from around the world. I peruse some new authors, finding nothing that resonates. They also have a great used book selection, but I don't find anything to purchase.
It looks like Abbey will suffice for tonight and I decide to find a sushi bar and dive back into the fantasy of bringing about ecological justice using high explosives.
The Monkey Wrench Gang was a favorite of mine when published in '75, even if I had abandoned my revolutionary thinking several years prior.
I am enjoying re-acquainting myself with Bonnie Abbzug, Seldom Seen Smith and Doc Sarvis, as quirky a trio as any author has ever conjured up.
Pike Place Market began as a spot that farmers and fishermen could sell their produce and catch. So it's a logical place for a sushi restaurant and there are two to choose from.
It's just past 7:00PM, still a bit early. But since sushi bars can get noisy quickly, I ask to be seated at the far end, where the bar terminates against a wall.
The hostess seats me, asking if I bought the book at Left Bank, saying it is her favorite book store. She is an impressive woman. No taller than 5' 5", she commands a unique presence, her muscular arms are fully sleeved with what looks like real irezumi, legitimate horimono, and I wonder where it was done.
Even with vascular forearms and chiseled biceps, her figure is feminine and full. She has shoulder length bobbed hair with a blue streak died into her auburn tresses. She has 0 gauge tunnels in her lobes, and an 8 gauge horseshoe nose ring. She is an intimidating, self possessed woman.
I can see in her eyes that she is wondering what the hell a guy dressed like me is doing reading Abbey and coming to HER sushi bar.
I laugh to myself wondering what she would have thought if she had seen me 90 minutes earlier.
Regardless, Abbey seems to make me okay in her eyes and she actually protects me by seating newcomers at the other end of the bar. It gives me a full 30+ minutes of quiet privacy as the world begins to intrude.
Finally, there is just a single seat left next to me and I hope that there are only couples enroute and I can maintain my buffer zone. I have no interest in striking up a conversation with another solo diner.
Abbey and the gang are doing a great job of distracting me from the personal confusion that I carried out of the Lusty Lady. I will do anything to avoid all that for the time being.
A woman's voice says, "Thanks Ash." as my hostess pal fills the last seat in my buffer zone with a new customer. I rotate a quarter turn away to make it clear I am not looking for contact.
I hear my neighbor greet the itamae by name and place an order for the house specialty roll, and nigiri orders of maguro, sake, hamachi, ebi and tamago.
I note that my orders so far have included the same, except that I spaced out my orders rather than gauchely ordering a pile of sushi. However, tamago is for desert and I have not yet ordered mine. Plus, my buffer zone is gone, so it's time to get out of here.
I turn to our itamae before he heads down the bar and place my tamago order. Intentionally looking over and past the maladroit intruder next to me.
"The Monkey Wrench Gang, now that is a quirky choice in these times" my neighbor remarks.
"Yeah, it is. For me, more than you can imagine." I turn to face her and find myself blinded by a pair of grey/blue irises that flare wide open as her pupils dilate, taking me in as well.
I feel as though I have been punched in my solar plexus, I am having trouble breathing, all my organs are on overload, On the verge of blacking out. I begin hyper ventilating, gasping for air, struggling to get oxygen moving again.
"Shhhhh, shhhhhhhh, it's okay, just breathe." She has one hand on mine and is gently stroking my forearm with the other.
Ash appears. "Hey, Gina what's the matter with him? Should I call an EMT?"
"No, I think he just swallowed the wrong way. He's okay, I got this"
"He sure doesn't look okay and that noise he made freaked out half the restaurant."
Noise? What noise, all I did was almost black out and start hyperventilating.
I gradually regain control of my breathing as my solar plexus reboots. My aorta finally gets enough oxygen north of my neck that I no longer feel on the verge of blacking out.
My other organs return to functioning and I begin taking inventory. Apart from a slight tremor still running through me, I seem to be returning to normal.
My chin is in my chest, looking into my lap. I feel exhausted. I pull long breaths into my lungs re-fueling myself.
She stops stroking my arm, but leaves the other hand on top of mine.
Dropping her head almost to the counter, she looks up at me. "Hey, now don't make me a liar. Are you going to be okay?"
I lift my head and she follows suit, we are now facing each other.
"What noise did I make? What was she talking about? I just freaked out when I recognized you."
"Well, actually, you cried out. I don't know what you would call it but it was feral, painful and plenty loud. Then you started gasping for air."
"Thanks for covering for me." I look down at her hand on mine.
I feel like I am about to burst into tears. What the fuck is going on inside me?
"I'm going to order some sake, would you like some?"
"No, I'm a recovering addict, I don't drink. But you go ahead. It's the one liquor that I truly miss, so please, go ahead. I like to watch people enjoy themselves."
There is a huge, stunned pause as we both hear what I just said and extrapolate it into where and how we first "met".
Simultaneously, we both start laughing. Naturally, fully, freely and loudly. The whole restaurant is now on alert for the weird guy with the pretty woman at the end of the bar.
"Oh fuck, who would believe this scenario? What's your name anyway? I'm Gina."
"I'm Tom and I'm embarrassed as hell!"
"You shouldn't be, I am sure you are not the only bourgeois reader of Ed Abbey." She teases. "You do realize that you are in the heartland of the American anarchist uprising, don't you?"
"Gina, you of all people know I may not be what I seem. And thanks for yet another diversion, as you know that's not what I was referring to."
Ash slides in between us to serve Gina her sake. She seems to intentionally block me out as she does so. It's not hostile, but it is protective and I realize there is more to this relationship than hostess / customer. She finishes pouring and walks back to her station by the door.
Lowering her voice, Gina leans a bit closer. "So what were you referring to? That my friend Ash might change her opinion if she saw without your hand made boots and haute couture clothes? With your tattoos and piercings on display? Or that you're a closet exhibitionist and get off being naked in front of others?....... No, let me rephrase: You like getting off in front of others."
"Both I suppose, but I was actually talking about my younger days in particular and how I spend my personal time now. Neither would lead you to a fellow looking like me."
Another sardonic grin from Gina.
"Well, from what I saw of how you spend your personal time, I would say you are correct that you may not be what you seem. Who made that shirt anyway, Hugo Boss?"
"Okay, nice dig! The shirt is Zegna. You have a good fashion eye for a ............."
Shit! I turn beet red and try again...."for a......."
"For a stripper? For a professional coaxer of cocks? For a fisher of semen? You only know what you saw as well. Lusty Lady is not exactly a career move on my part. But I am not ashamed of it either, I just wish I was more comfortable."
"Yeah, 'for a stripper', sorry, that's where I was going."
"Chill, Tom. What else are you going to call me, knowing what you know? So what do you do to earn your living? My Zegna mystery man?"
I notice that she used "my" and while it certainly means nothing, I hold it close as I am beginning to like this woman.
"I put together concerts for corporate events. We are here in Seattle to do a show for Microsoft's annual summit."
"Hai!" The sushi chef presents her with a 'to go' box of her sushi. He also deposits my tamago in front of me.
"Hai, Hontoni arigato gozaimasu" she responds in the simultaneously emphatic but casual form of 'thank you' that only someone who has lived or spent a lot of time in Japan would know.
"I think we may have more than one mystery sitting at this bar."
"Yeah, I thought that might get your attention. Those waves and iso bars on your quads are not from American machine work, are they?"
"Iso bars? Really? No, they are not. Pretty good eye for a fisher of semen!" I am truly more than impressed at this point.
She laughs, and to be completely honest, my heart melts a bit -- she is a delight!
"I lived in Tokyo for three years and while it seemingly took forever, I finally became somewhat fluent for a gaijin. I am going to guess that it was Horiyoshi III, since Horihide and most of the other's wouldn't be accessible to a gaijin like you."
"Okay, you got me. How does a flamed crotch coaxer of cocks know about Japanese horimono masters, when most Japanese don't?"
"You love alliteration don't you?"
"I am just recycling your own witticisms. And trying to impress you."
"Tom, why don't you take your desert, put it in my box and escort me home, where we can finish this conversation."
I don't hesitate for a second. This woman is fun. I wave for the bill and Ash comes over with fire in her eyes and the bill in her hand.
"Ash, it's okay really." Gina stands, pulls her aside and whispers in her ear. Ash laughs and looks back at me again, this time with more of a look of pity. Gina continues and Ash's look changes once more, this time to something I cannot read, but at least it's no longer hostile. Taking my card, she struts back to the register.
"Great, I am guessing that your hostess friend knows your job and how I met you."
"Don't be silly, Ash works there too. For that matter she is my mentor, even though I am a shit student. I just told her I already learned something from you today and thought you might be able to help me a bit more."
I don't even know how to respond. I have no idea what she learned from me and am nonplussed as to what I could do to help her.
Ash returns with my bill, I sign it, leaving a healthy tip as an apology for my outburst. I take my card and hand the plastic folio back to her. "Okay, Mr Thomas Davies." Her eyes bore into me as her nostrils flare around that 8 gauge nose ring............... 'Don't fuck with my friend' is unsaid but clear as a bell.
"Ash, just stop, he's benign." Gina steers me around her protectress and we walk into the Seattle summer dusk.
I'm benign? Wow, I might as well be pathetic. The word means gentle and kind. But it also means harmless in a medical sense. Not exactly how someone who considers himself an Alpha male yearns to be perceived.
"My car is about two blocks away, all uphill." She smiles as we turn left out of the Pike St Market complex.
She is taller than I thought, probably about 5' 10" and has a spirited, long stride -- she gaps me as we head up the hill. She's wearing a light cotton skirt with a batik print blouse, her hair pulled back in a pony tail, intricately wrapped sandals on her feet. Gina might be the visual definition of a casually affluent Wasp woman out shopping, certainly not a dancer at a peep show.
The hair that seemed dull and flat in the lights of the booth, is shining in the waning sunlight, her skin is flushed and radiant. The pony tail bounces as she continues to leave me in her wake.
Catching up to her and trying to catch my breath, I ask where we are heading.
"Why, do you know the Seattle area?"
"No, not really."
"Sorry, that was a bit curt of me. We are heading south, near Brace Point, it's about a 15-20 minute drive, that okay with you? Damn, there I go being abrupt again. It's Tom, right?......... Tom, I suddenly am not sure what we are doing...... and yes, I know I was the one who told you to put your desert in my box............."
We stop in the middle of the sidewalk. The street is steep enough that her position has her eye to eye with me. This woman is quick, empathetic, uniquely erudite on a variety of topics.................. Where the hell did the bored stripper go?
"Look, at this point, I am just along for the ride. To be honest, I have been on my back foot since you stopped "working" and started watching me in the booth. Then, I apparently had a minor meltdown in the restaurant. After that, you told Ash that I had helped you in some way and could possibly do more, and I have no idea what that means. I am as lost as I can be"
"Okay, fair enough. I did not mean to be so presumptuous. From what you have told me about yourself, I'll bet you are in charge all the time and this has to be freaking you out, unless you are just going along because you think you will get laid, which I can assure you is not going to happen."
While not in the forefront of my mind, I have to admit, that fantasy was lurking somewhere -- and she obviously knew it.
"So what is it that I taught you and what can I do to help you?"
"I don't mean to be obtuse, but I am still formulating that for myself as well. AND I am starving. I have not eaten all day and tend toward hypoglycemia. Just come back with me, we should just make the sunset. I'll get some food in my belly and if I can't put my thoughts together by then, I'll just drive you back to your hotel."
The hell with getting laid. I really like this woman, spending an evening talking to her is a fascinating prospect.
"I'm in. Lead on."
We walk another block. At the lot, she greets the attendant by name and he actually throws her the keys from the booth, a good 15' toss. She catches it with a flourish, laughs and tells him she will see him tomorrow. My interest continues to grow as I climb into her vintage, but well maintained Toyota Land Cruiser.
As we head south on Rt 509, she fills me in a bit on herself. After graduating from Bard, she got a job as a copy editor with Conde Nast. She spent most of the 80's in Manhattan being bounced around the CN roster, mostly The New Yorker and Vanity Fair. She even spent some time at Architectural Digest.
Her last years at Vanity Fair, she finally got her own byline and reported her own work rather than polishing that of others.
In 1988, she did an article on the Japanese appetite for all things American with it's focus on American models brought to Japan to model Japanese products to the Japanese public.
It was a combination of a business exposé, an examination of cultural appropriation and a feminist manifesto. It stirred things up a bit on Madison Ave and in Japan.
The multi national ad agency who she wrote about in the article offered her a job, essentially saying, "help us fix it" and included a top tier position and salary to go with it.
She accepted and spent the next three years attempting to do exactly that, overseeing advertising copywriting that was inherently sexist and attempting to alter the misogyny of woman sold products.
While she also wanted to take on the cultural imperialism of using blonde, blue eyed models as aspirational examples for Asian women, she knew that she was on the wrong side of the fence to lead that charge.
Like my time in the vanguard of revolutionary action in the early 70's, she admitted to considerable naivete regarding what she would actually be able to accomplish.
While she felt they were sincere in wanting to be less sexist, less culturally imperialistic, etc. The reality was that money dictates when it comes to fashion, alcohol and the other products they were pimping.
She left there with a comfortable nest egg and an unwillingness to compromise on her next endeavor. That endeavor is to work on her novel and do stringer pieces for magazines that would keep her visible and bring in some money.
As she tells her story, I run the math and realize she is even closer to my age than I originally thought when I had my confessional epiphany. For a moment, I become embarrassed again, but shrug it off quickly. We have moved well beyond that.
We pull into a driveway on a point poking into the southern edge of Puget sound. The point is narrow enough that the only neighbors sit behind her property, closer to the access road. The sense of privacy is amazing considering how close to downtown Seattle we are.
Her "house" is a large block building with an oversize size garage door, and an outside staircase to an upper deck running the width of the house. The lower area has one opaque window and looks like a bunker. I'm guessing it is concrete block at it's core. It is covered with vertical, weathered wood panels laid on each other like the lapstrake hull of a clinker built boat.
On top of the block, sits a large A frame with lots of glass. She hits the garage opener clipped to her visor and the double wide, RV size door cantilevers open. We drive inside.
The shop is a full 50'+ deep and at least that wide. Ceilings are 12 feet high with a pair of I beams crossing in the center. A half ton Lodestar hoist hangs from one of the beams, hook unoccupied.
There are several work tables, an oxy/acetlyne rig, a mig welder, an industrial compressor, a peg board wall covered with hand tools and two mechanic's rolling tool chests.
It's an active work space, and well ordered. Most tools are on the wall or stored away in boxes. The gas rig has a cutting head affixed and is laying on the table. Nearby are some pieces of ½" sheet, already cut into various shapes.
Two projects stand in the open. One is a welded metal structure, still taking form, but somewhat birdlike, the other is a stone sculpture and most definitely destined to be a woman. It is on a short plinth and is approximately twice life size. The rough outline appears to be reaching out to something.
Stranger and stranger. Who the hell does she live with? Or is she a peep show dancer, a writer, a welder, a sculptor? Not sure anything would surprise me anymore.
I climb out of the LC and walk over to the work area, kicking up dust as I go. I can feel Gina watching me and am confident she is enjoying my confusion.
"You are a woman of many talents. My barn in Colorado isn't this well equipped. And you are making serious art."
"Not me, that's Ash's work. I can change a tire, but beyond that, tools are not my forte."
"So Ash is a bit more than your mentor........."
"Yeah, I was probably being a little cute and precious with that. Ash is my partner, my lover. Oh! That certainly got a reaction. Let's go eat and I will tell you about us, more or less."
There is an inside staircase from the shop up into the kitchen area which opens up onto a huge living space with no separating walls. It is essentially broken into four quadrants. Bathroom and shower in one corner, sleeping area in another, both in the back part of the large, open room. There are two hinged shoji screens partially separating the bath area, but that's all.
The kitchen area is at the top of the inner stairs and the living area is by the front door, accessed from the deck and outer stairs.
While I look around, Gina takes the sushi and lays it out on a serving plate and begins to set the patio table on the deck through two sliding doors.
The whole western wall is either glass or sliding glass doors and the view is amazing. On the horizon, Mount Olympus is glowing gold, the sun just about to dip behind its summit.
"C'mon! Gina pulls me away from my inspection of her bookshelves and we go outside. She has placed two chairs next to each other, facing the sound, mountains and sunset. She has split her sushi into two equal servings and taken one of my tamago.
"I refuse to eat alone and you still look hungry."
We eat in silence as the sun gradually turns the entire Olympic range a rich amber, then pink, before dowsing itself behind them. The dark settles around us.
"Okay, you have been insanely patient. And I have probably been a bit of a tease, but that's kind of what you hired me for me, isn't it?"
"Touché! Yes, it is what I "hired" you for, but you were frankly pretty poor at it."
"I know, and that's part of the reason you are here."
"Other than my penchant for masturbation and newfound acceptance that I may be an exhibitionist, I don't know what I might have done."
"That's exactly what it was, but let's get all those questions behind your eyes out of the way. Go ahead, ask away!"
"So, Ash is your lover and your mentor?"
"Yup, I am a lesbian, full blown. I met Ash in Tokyo at one of the very rare lesbian clubs. She was in town doing live two woman sex shows for rich Japanese businessmen. She is a very talented and legitimate artist, but she supports herself between commissions doing sex shows. She is in high demand and makes a decent living in the underground sex scene."
"I was in the middle of my tenure with the ad agency and we dated each other off and on for over a year until I finally tossed it in and moved back to the states. She had a lot to do with my willingness to take a chance as a writer instead of an editor or reporter."
At this point, we move inside as the mosquitos have taken note of our presence. We move to the couch, still facing, out to the west and although now indoors, we are still wrapped in the northwest gloaming, the night settling around us.
"Here in the states, she is a star at both the San Francisco and Seattle Lusty Lady locations. She does not work the big room ever, occasionally works the confessionals, but the real money is in Private Pleasures booths where customers make appointments, can tell you what to do and live sex shows take place. She works the restaurant because a friend is the owner and she has fun doing it."
"When we moved in together, she asked me to join her for some Private Pleasures shows. I had to get really drunk the first time and it was a disaster. However, we did it twice more and while it was fun, Ash cut it off as she felt she was pimping me. Frankly, I kind of agreed."
"An editor friend at Vanity Fair had visited us and suggested I write an anonymous article about the confessionals with background from the girls of what seems to be a dying scene. I liked the idea and have been working on it for the past six months."
"Most of the girls are in their twenties, some are as old as 40.. Ash and I fall in between. They span a wide and interesting demographic and give great interviews. However, I was still unable to translate what it felt like and so about two months ago, I began working the confessionals."
"It has not gone well. Dan, the manager has relegated me to afternoons as too many customers have complained on how I am not 'hot'. If it was not for Ash's standing, I would be long gone."
"When you are doing sex acts, most clients don't give a shit. Lesbian sex seems to be some sort of holy grail for the peep customers. But when it is solo, you either have to convince them you are getting off being watched by them or you have to interact and tease and pull them into your game."
"Ash has tried to teach me dominatrix tricks for the latter and to just let go and enjoy for the former. Neither of them work for me. To interact, I have to actually look at these guys, most of whom are pitiful if not outright ridiculous. And to indulge in self pleasure in front of them, I have to ............."
"Hell, I don't know what I have to do, but you do. You did it today. You checked out on me until you caught me watching. I was kind of wondering why the hell you were even there. I have now had the odd experience of watching about 500 guys jerk themselves off and until I interrupted you, you were the first who didn't really need me at all."
"Most of these guys just chug themselves no matter how lame my show is. A few pound on the window demanding that I get 'into' it. They do that too often and Max or Henry will remove them from the premises."
"Sometimes we get guys like you who make me wonder why they are there, moderately attractive and obviously affluent. Seemingly able to get laid out there in the world......... And then they turn into window pounders or shouters."
I cringe a bit at the 'moderately attractive'.
"Watching you disconnect was new for me. I was kind of bummed out when you opened your eyes, but I still wanted you to continue -- that was fucked up, making you keep them open, but it did excite me a bit. Margaret Meade would not have been pleased."
This woman just referenced "Coming of Age in Samoa" during a discussion about peep show booth behaviors!
"Ash has tried to show me how to do myself, but I think that because she is a "pro", and my lover, I just can't quite find the essence of the act. You seemed to have a solid connection with enjoying yourself whether I was in the room or not and that's what Ash always emphasizes is the key to solo work in the booths."
"The misuse of women in this trade is obvious and I get all the feelings of that when in the booths, probably too many. But the girls talk about another side, where they are in control."
"Unless I can find a way to really feel this work and the control is brings, I don't think I can convincingly finish this article."
She has laid this out logically, but I am still stunned.
"Excuse me, but are you asking me to teach a lesbian how to masturbate for the stimulation of straight men?"
"No, I am asking you to teach your new friend Gina how to approach masturbation the way you do."
Stunned no longer suffices. I am developing a crush on a woman who is completely unavailable to me. Now she is asking me how to pleasure herself in a manner similar to how I do myself. And she is serious.
Silently, I quickly recite the Third Step Prayer. And then ask God to allow me to simply be a vessel for truth and not let my ego or especially my libido get in the way.
Approaching her request seriously, I begin doing what I can to help.
"Gina, when you masturbate for yourself, how long do your sessions last? Do you really make love to yourself, or do you just rub one out?"
"Not very long, just a few minutes actually. Never more than 5."
"Do you simply do it because Ash is not around and you need to get off?"
"Yeah, that's more or less it. Usually at bedtime when alone."
"Well, with guys pumping tokens into that window, you are going to be played out really quickly if you approach it that way."
"That's what Ash says too."
"Have you ever taken your time, I mean really taken your time masturbating?"
"Only when a partner and I have done it together, like foreplay. But that usually disintegrates kind of quickly into love making."
"I know, I find it far too stimulating with a lover, but we are talking about solo or in this case 'on the job. Do you like clitoral stimulation, G spot, anal, tit play? What gets you off?"
"I really like them all."
"Then you have a lot of options. I used to do the same thing, just jerk off for release. And in a lot of ways, that was fine, but I found that the more self-foreplay I had, the more pleasurable and intense my orgasms were. Do you know what 'edging' is?"
"Of course, it's when you take yourself or your partner right up to the brink, the edge and then quiet down before repeating."
"I have had solo edging sessions that have lasted hours. Sometimes the stimulation involves pictures or erotic writing and sometimes it's only touch."
"But you still come to the booths, what's that about?"
"Do I like watching a woman masturbate, even if it is an act? Yes, I suppose I do and that worked for years. Then I started showing my body mods to hopefully get the confessional girls more into me. And I discovered, I just liked being watched. Maybe you have not given that a chance."
"Tom, you are a clean, good looking guy with a nice body, with or without the ink and metal. Most of the guys on the other side are nothing like you. Usually they are pathetically comical or outright disgusting. And when they make eye contact, ecccchhh!"
"So when they do, just close your eyes in ecstasy and let them think you are now fantasizing about them."
"Shit, this is all the same stuff that Ash tells me. I may owe you an apology, it's possible this was a waste of time."
"I'm sorry, I'm trying my best over here. And since we are being so damn honest, I have to tell you that I know you are completely unavailable, but I am developing a crush on you. And it has nothing to do with sex."
"Tom, let's try one more thing. Will you take your clothes off for me?"
Without waiting for an answer, She begins unbuttoning her blouse and steps out of her skirt.
I sit there dumbfounded.
"Sorry, I better explain. You're sweet but no, your proclamation of love did not smack me straight. I think I am kind of digging you too, but as you so accurately stated, nothing in my chemistry finds you attractive below the neck. Above it, you are a knockout. I could fuck your brain all day long, but that's called friendship. Will you help me with a little show and tell?"
She shamelessly walks over to their bed, sits down and unties her sandals.
I move to the chair opposite the bed and take off my shoes, socks, slacks and shirt, laying them on the coffee table. As she watches me, she unties her hair and shakes it free.
"Now what?"
"Now do what you did this afternoon, but let me do what I did not do. I think I can do it now, I trust you. I want you to become my customer template."
"You know that I now know you, have professed love for you which is completely unrequited and this could qualify as the biggest tease in history?"
"Yes, I am counting on that. I am going to cling to it when those other men are ogling me and I am hoping that it will sour you on ever going into a confessional again -- because we haven't even gotten to that broken part of you yet. .................... You want any lube?"
"Damn Gina, the surprises never end with you. Yeah, what do you have?"
She reaches up to the bedside table and pulls open a drawer....." Astroglide or KY?"
"KY please." She throws me a tube, fluffs up three pillows and piles them up against the headboard, gets off the bed and walks back to me. "Okay, I am going to just do myself while you watch. And you have to do the same, just like it was supposed to be this afternoon. Can you do that?"
"Yeah, I think I can pull it off."
Gina begins the playbook, just like this afternoon, but this time it is not glassy eyed, this time, it is Gina and she is playing me like a violin.......
"Damn, wait a second." She runs across the room to the stereo and starts looking through the CD's. Finding what she was looking for, she slides it into the player and heads back. Al Green fills the room with "Love and Happiness".
"So that was your music today."
"Yeah, they give me leeway because there are so few customers."
"Well, I loved it."
"Then keep loving it." She begins dancing in front of me, about the same distance as she would be in a booth. This time, her body radiates sexuality. While I know for a fact that it is not directed at me, it is charged with eroticism and fills me with desire.
I laugh out loud and she stops for a moment, unsure of my laughter ...... "Go on Gina, you got this", motioning to my completely erect, untouched penis.
She laughs back and something clicks inside as her movements become even more sensual as she leans her head back and she sucks the fingers of one hand while the other begins pinching and pulling on her nipples.
Widening her stance, she squats, her labia opening, the flames rippling up over her mons. Bringing her spit covered fingers down, she rubs them between her lips, now spreading her inner labia open as well. She begins squatting in rhythm to Al and the band as her clit and hood rise between her two fingers.
I am sitting there mesmerized and on the verge of coming even though I have not touched myself at all.
"C'mon Tom, get in the game." She shouts as this CD shuffle moves to "Take Me To The River" which is where I lost it last time. "You said the trick is to make it last. Let's see you make it last."
She goes to Playbook #2, climbing on the bed on her hands and knees, showing me the same view as 4 or 5 hours ago, but this time it is wet and glistening with Gina's arousal. She reaches under herself and begins alternately fingering herself and spreading her lips wide open. I tentatively stroke my cock, trying to think about rush hour traffic, worn tires, lawnmowers, rusty cans, anything but the woman in front of me. I promised I would hang with her through this.
I have lost track of how much Al Green we have gotten through by now. I am raging with desire for this woman and her endurance is now a challenge for me as well. Her cunt is dripping and she is working two fingers in and out of herself.
She is no longer on all fours. She is still on her knees, but her shoulders are down on the bed, head pushed to one side as one arm is folded under her, the hand pulling on her nipples as the other hooks two finger up into her vestibule, stroking her G spot. She is grunting loudly.
I am staring into her cunt and stroking myself hard. Unaware, I have risen from the chair and am leaning forward peering at her, but waiting for her moment of pleasure to hit first.
"Don't come without facing him! You need to look at him to take control, to mark him."
Gina immediately jumps up and I fall back in the chair. Standing in the doorway is Ash. She walks towards us, tossing her shoulder bag onto the kitchen table and dragging one of it's chairs over to the area by us.
"Go ahead, you can continue." The three of us just look back and forth at each other and the two of them start laughing. I don't know what the hell is going on.
"I got off early. Sorry to surprise the two of you, but you do seem to be entertaining yourselves. And my girl is actually wet in front of a man. Will wonders never cease?"
Ash looks me up and down. "You know she's mine, right?"
"Yes, Ash, he knows."
"I want to hear him say it." From the outside, anyone else might think that Ash was the dominant one here, but I can also hear how frightened she is. I truly know because I am falling in love with her woman and I would feel the same way. Gina is about as remarkable as they come.
"Yes, Ash. I know. Gina has made it abundantly clear that she has no use for men, as she put it, from the neck down. And trust me, I feel your pain."
Ash cocks her head and gives me a smile. In a night filled with witty hints, dropped double entendres and metaphors scattered like fall leaves, she hears me loud and clear and knows that I understand what it is like to care for her lover.
"What's your name again, something Davies..........oh yeah, Tom, Tom Davies."
"Okay Tom Davies, what's your trick? I have been trying to get this lovely woman to let herself go in the booths for two months and gotten nowhere. You show up and she's about to squirt across the bed on you."
"Ash, I think he might be you with a cock! He gave me the same instructions. He really likes doing it in front of others. I don't even think he fully knew it until today. In fact just now when it was about watching me, he almost blew his load, when the attention wasn't on him."
Gina's summations were spot on and I had barely put together the first one and had not even considered the second until she mentioned it.
Ash stands up and walks over to me.
"Makes sense to me. Fuck, Mr Tom, you are a bit of a freak aren't you? Is that Horiyoshi III down there on your thighs and maybe up on your chest? That man is a master, Hai?"
Ash pulls off her t shirt, exposing a chiseled upper torso to go with her arms (stone workers can be as hard as their canvases). Each breast has a large mum tattooed on it with barbell piercings through the nipples.
She has the classic 'river'. An open space, the width of her sternum, running from her neck to her navel, Wind bars frame the river in perfect uplifted symmetry. Everything else is covered in what looks like a full body suit.
She kneels down next to my chair and lifts her breast up, next to my shoulder where my first Horiyoshi piece sits, a chrysanthemum like hers. While the coloring is different, they quite obviously came from the same hand.
"And what do we have down here?" She casually moves my hand and cock out of the way to inspect the carp, kintaro, wind and water on my right thigh.
Then, lifting my cock she inspects my genital piercings and turns to Gina. "You didn't mention these............."
"Damn Ash, I can never remember what they are called. And they are on a dick for Christ's sake. That might interest you, but not me."
"The ring is called a lorum and the bar is called a frenum."
"Thanks honey, but you do know I could care less and in case the two of you have forgotten, I was on the verge of a breakthrough."
"Sorry Gina, I was having fun teasing Mr Right here. Please continue."
"Right, sure, as if nothing is different with my lover now in the room."
"Hey, you never have trouble doing yourself with me around, and now that we have a trustworthy swinging dick, we should be able to get you back to your challenge. In fact, I think I have an idea of something that we can all enjoy."
Ash unlaces her boots and then wriggles out of her jeans which are tight enough to have been painted on. She does indeed have a full body suit and it is most definitely all Horiyoshi san's work. She is spectacular.
"Okay Tom, you can put your tongue back in your mouth." Says Gina, climbing off the bed. "You two tattooed, pierced freaks keep forgetting about me."
"Oh honey, he's just a means to an end. You are the love of my life." Ash reaches up around Gina's neck and pulls her face to hers, kissing her deeply as Gina puts her arms around Ash's waist and draws them together. I just sit there like the third wheel that I am.
"Sorry Tom, I just need to remind her of how amazing she is. I have a hunch you already know this as you are the chosen cock and the search has been a long one. I can't imagine her choosing anyone who didn't truly suss her worth."
"Yeah, Ash, I get it, she is pretty much unparalleled."
"Dear god, now you two are making me blush. Can we get back to my breakthrough, please."
"Sure mama, you just supply the action." Ash laughs, squeezing down next to me on the easy chair, our painted hips, tight against each other.
"You bitch, you're blocking his cock. You know I need to see the fucking ugly thing to get over this hump."
"Ms Professional Writer, you are mixing metaphors like a lit major undergrad and his cock is actually pretty attractive as cocks go."
"Okay Ash, you can play with the damn thing when I am done, but please clear away so we can get this over with."
This repartee is flying too fast for me. Two intensely beautiful women are naked in a room with me. One wants to masturbate and use me as her muse cock and the other has the most beautiful ink I have seen in person and is alluding to some possible sex play. My head is spinning.
"Tom, help my girl get to the promised land, while I prepare a reward for you both." Ash grabs my cock, gives it a squeeze and then jumps up from the chair, heading to their bedside table where she starts rummaging around in the drawer.
"Where was I?" asks Gina.
"What I call Playbook Position 2, on your hands and knees, showing your pussy while fingering yourself. But you had gone buck wild and had your head and shoulders on the bed so both hands could work on you."
"Oh yeah, now I remember. Something like this."
She turns away from me and goes back to the last position and it doesn't take long before she is wet and I am hard again.
"Okay, I think you are ready to give it to him, so to speak." Says Ash. "But Tom, don't you come with her because I have a treat for both of you. I'm going to be your bridge and maybe we can all get off."
I have no idea what the hell she is talking about and now I am expected to hold back.
Gina crawls up the bed to the pillows and leans back against them as she opens her legs wide and starts where she left off, two fingers deep inside.
"Wait, you need this." Ash comes over with a small pillow, Gina lifts her butt off the bed and Ash slides it under her. Gina's pussy is now lifted and fully exposed, lips distended and vestibule gaping.
"Jesus girl, you are worked up, that piss hole is about to blow. Keep going, just like I showed you, long strokes, like you are pulling it out of you."
Ash is squeezed in next to me again, I feel like we are a team. Ash and I are coaching our athlete over the finish line.
Except we are buck naked and I am jerking off.
Ash throws a towel onto the bed in front of Gina.
"Go on baby, look at his cock, don't look at Tom, just his cock, that's all you have to deal with. They can all be Tom after this and you can get that damn article done and stop hanging out at my place of work."
Both women start laughing but Gina's hand remains at a fevered pitch and she starts moaning as she looks down at my cock.
She begins to squirt.
"Lift baby, lift, try to hit the window. It's your money shot."
Gina lifts her pelvis and her squirt arcs up and sprays onto Ash and I.
"You go girl, right there, until you are empty."
Gina is thrashing on the bed and it's causing her hips to rock and she is now spraying across both Ash and I, soaking us. I have released my cock, because once again, I am about to come as this is about the hottest scene I have ever imagined.
"Oh baby, you were great. You came in front of a cock. Trust me, if you make them all Tom now, you can probably do that again."
"Tom, thank you for helping my girl. I am going to bridge us now. Sweetheart come over to the edge of the bed, Tommy, you and I are on the floor."
I slip off the chair onto the floor in front of Gina. Ash walks around in front of me, her vulva in my face. She pulls herself open and shows me her hood piercing, a closed ring, about 10g, with a single ball. She has added a screw sleeve ring through it and I immediately know what she is thinking.
"Ash I like your style, but this is going to be tricky."
"No kidding. But I have an idea. Stay there and let me do the hard work."
I sit flat legged on the floor. Turning her back to me, Ash steps back toward me and squats down over my very rigid cock. Reaching under herself, she guides me. Aroused and sopping wet from just watching her lover squirt, she lets her body weight do the rest as she takes me inside..
"Oh Tom, that frenum lines up really nicely on my G -- we might have a second squirter tonight."
I lean forward and push my head in between her ribs and elbow so I can see her at work. As I guessed, she takes the screw ring and connects my lorum to her hood ring. There appears to be about an inch or two of slack before my ball sack and her hood will feel the tension.
"Okay, now is the tricky part for both of us. How about you hold me really tight around the waist and we will roll and then get up onto our knees."
"Sounds good to me."
Ash leans back against me and gets her legs out straight, alternating with mine. I wrap my left arm around her while steadying us with my right. Ash puts her right out, onto the floor with mine and we roll over as one, pushing ourselves up onto our knees.
Trouble is we are now pointed across the room at the kitchen, about 90° off angle from the end of the bed. With me buried inside her we proceed to kneel/walk ourselves, pivoting to the right.
Gina is now hysterically laughing at us from her perch on the bed.
"You two look like a backward body modification version of those horse costumes, where one guy is the head and forelegs and the other is tail and rear legs"
"I'm so glad we are providing amusement for you my dear. This young man and I are now tied together, for what I hope will be your pleasure."
Ash says this with a remarkably proper British accent and Gina responds in kind, although her accent leaves a bit to be desired.
"Oh my darling, whatever do you mean?"
Ash fully commits to her British character.
"I mean that he is chained to the hood of my oh so aroused clitoris and I am chained to the sack that holds his testicles."
"To what purpose have you undertaken this bizarre project, pray tell?"
"Well, my love, I plan to perform cunnilingus on your sweet little coozie and perhaps diddle your bum with a finger or two"
"That sound absolutely delightful. What about the chap behind you, the horse's arse fellow?"
While I take offense to the 'horse's arse fellow', the entertainment value of these two is off the chart as they continue with their accents.
"Well, he is going to hump me like I'm a bitch in estrus and in doing so, he will drag my clit ring back and forth while his frenum stimulates the area known as the Gräfenberg Spot or more colloquially, the G spot. The primary goal being that I simultaneously have both a clitoral and urethral orgasm."
"Oh, my love, that makes me green with envy, except the part requiring the fellow's penis in your lovely pink hole. What is in it for him?"
My dear sweet Regina, Queen of Brace Point, this knave will have the pleasure of my pussy, but will be fornicating with you."
"What sorcery is this of which you speak? How can such a thing be possible............. Gina disintegrates into laughter, unable to continue the charade.
Tears stream from her eyes as she doubles up on the bed.
"Oh Tom, you should have seen your face." Gina gasps.
"You two.............." I am speechless. Their playful intimacy is so endearing and so exclusionary. And yet, I am actually inside one of them and falling in love with the other. I have had acid trips that made more sense.
Ash has not broken character and she continues.
"Thomas, please do not interrupt. As Regina is unable to fathom the depth and beauty of the upcoming gift, it appears I will have to finish my explanation."
"As I said, this knave will have the pleasure of my pudenda, but as my exquisite countenance will be buried in Lady Regina's Vagina, He will have to settle for looking at her rather plain features instead of my glorious visage. It is my intention to bring her aforementioned vagina to climax at the same moment the horse's ass fills my womb with his ejaculate."
Gina is now howling and slapping her thigh as Ash continues.

"And thus, milady, you will have climaxed in unison with the varlet and paid your fee for his tutelage."
Gina tries to respond with her weak accent but cracks up again. Ash and I wait for her to settle down. I do a couple of kegel clenches to see if Ash can feel my crown swell inside. In a silent, lascivious morse code, she squeezes me back twice.
"Gina, honey, you said you liked this guy and he helped you without knowing in the booth. Now I watched him help you big time. I know you have guy issues, but if you watched him come once, how about you let him come with you. I'm going to be busy in your pussy and you two can be lovers through me."
"Ash, you don't fool me for a second, but yeah, I would like to try that. Tom are you okay with this?"
"Gina, I am so okay with this.............. Ash, can I touch your ass? While we do this?"
"Tom, in case you haven't figured it out, I am bi. I like cocks even if I don't necessarily like what they are attached to. And I like you because you made my Gina happy and seem suitably weird. So yeah, touch my ass, spread my ass, stick a finger in it, do me -- I want all three of us to come together if we can. If we can't, whoever comes first needs to hang in there for the others, We all in agreement?"
"Gina and simultaneously shout YES."
"Tom, I have some really high hopes for what your frenum is going to do for me. I have never chain linked with a man and we both have some serious skin in the game on this one. The level of trust I have for you right now is enormous, I hope you have the same. I give her two kegels and she sends two back.
Ash drops her head into Ginas cunt and begins. Gina closes her eyes for a moment and then opens them again, staring straight at me and giving her horse nod, but this time with a clear and definite smile -- that of a strange new friend.
I look down at Ash, her head bobbing up and down as she licks Gina's clit and lips, then pushing her face inside her lover's vulva. The art on her back is writhing with her, cherry blossoms and wind bars swirling in the breeze of her flesh. It's an amazing tableau.
I grab Ash's ass and spread her open as I slowly withdraw, one inch, two inches,
...I can feel the rings become taught and continue to withdraw, my ball sack pulling up between her open lips. Just as I feel the touch of her labia on my sack, she pushes her self back onto me signaling that's about as far as her hood can go. I repeat and this time control the return.
I lean forward over her, angling my frenum down onto the roof of her vestibule hoping I'm in G spot range. A muffled moan comes from Ash's buried face in confirmation.
It seems we have the parameters set and I begin fucking Ash while gazing into Gina's grey/blue eyes.
The feeling as our piercings pull on each other is amazing. As I exit her, our connection pulls the hood ring across Ash's clit and my tender, wrinkled sack into the folds of her wet cleft. As I push back inside, my frenum rakes across her G spot.
The next time, I pull out, she begins clenching herself, squeezing my cock tighter.
Gina has begun stroking her nipples and her mouth is open as she watches me fuck her lover. But it is no longer the clinical observation she carried this afternoon. Nor is it the self directed fever of her recent finger fuck orgasm. I now see raw lust in her eyes.
And thanks to Ash, that lust is directed at me, at least for this moment. Gina looks into me and urges me on, Her knees splaying back as though taking me inside her. She begins thrusting her pelvis into Ash's face in time with my thrusts into Ash's cunt.
Pulling on her nipples, she cries out as Ash's tongue urges her on. "Fuck us Tom, just go on and fuck us."
Ash is now bucking up and down as I thrust in and out. I open my mouth and let a stream of spit drop into her ass crack. Keeping her spread, I work it across her sphincter with my thumb and she pushes it out in welcome. I sink my thumb into her, curling it back against the ring of muscle and begin hook tugging it as I fuck her.
Gina is laughing again, actually it's more of a joyous squeal. She has reached down and intertwined her fingers in Ash's hair, pulling her face tight against her pussy. She is still looking at me and just laughing "Oh shit, this is so cool, this feels so good. I'm about to come. Come on you to two weirdos, let's go together."
Ash goes first, and her hot spew pumps out past my cock and engulfs my balls as her cunt convulses around me. It feels like she got her double.
"She's coming, isn't she?" Gina asks. "Oh God, Ash, I love you so much." Gina's hips rise off the bed and she closes her eyes in rapture, thrashing about, pulling Ash and I with her. Her orgasm raking through her, she shivers in waves, holding Ash's face tightly between her legs.
I let myself go, pumping myself into Ash's hole as her squirt continues to wash out onto me.
The three of us are lost in our separate releases and yet connected in this strange triangle of understanding and acceptance.
"Damn baby, you were incredible, come up here." Gina says to Ash. She releases Ash's head, and reaches out to her.
"Honey, first of all you have to give my finger back.." Ash says looking down at her index finger buried in Gina's ass.
Gina closes her eyes and focuses on relaxing her sphincter.
"Okay, there we go. Damn, girl, you almost broke the thing in half. Now we need to disconnect me from our favorite horse's ass."
"Hey, you two are both really witty and good with words. Can we retire the horse gag?"
"How about Magic Dick? Because that was the most incredible straight fucking I have ever had...... Well, I guess it wasn't all that straight, but you know what I mean. You're okay Tom."
Gina has sat up and is still giggling a bit, clearly entertained by us. "You look like two dogs that got stuck together."
"You're a riot. Do you think you could lend us a hand here?"
"Ewwww, you mean touch his dick? And I bet there is all sorts of sticky, gooey semen leaking out of your pussy."
"Very funny. You might be a committed lesbian, but I happen to know you got here after doing a lot of attempts to be straight. Stop being so precious, yes, you will probably come in contact with his cock and balls, but for Christ's sake, this is the man you brought home to help you with this project of yours."
"Okay, okay. Help is on the way."
I have been listening to this discourse in disbelief.
1)They are talking as though I am not here.
2)I am jealous of the guys that got to be 'tested' by Gina
3)I am jealous of both of them and what they have.
4)I am having the time of my life.
Gina comes over and joins us on the floor, like us, on her knees. She crawls over to Ash who is on all fours and kisses her tenderly, then leans her forehead against Ash's. "Thank you baby, for all of this."
She then raises her torso and faces me, still connected to her lover, still inside her lover, my penis still hard.
"Of all the come booths in all the towns, in all the world, you walk into mine!" Tom, you tamago eatin' motherfucker, thank you for helping me and thanks for fucking my wife."
"When did we get married?" asks Ash.
"You know what I meant babe. Now let's see about setting you two free."
Gina lies down on her back and slides up under Ash and I, like some sex mechanic checking our suspensions. I can feel her shifting the rings a bit. I am pretty tender as we definitely got a bit carried away. Apparently Ash is too as she says "Easy, girl, easy".
She finally spins the sleeve on the connecting ring back and clears both our rings from the connection. I back out of Ash, releasing a stream of our combined ejaculate.
"Yuck!"
Gina slides herself out from under us, a healthy portion of our come covering her face.
"Oh poor baby." Ash lowers herself to Gina's face and licks it clean. She then rises to me, grabs me by the back of my neck and forcefully pulls me to her. Opening her mouth, she pushes our combined come into mine.
"Now, I want to do some more tattoo inspections and then we should wash up before we take Mr Tom Davies back to wherever he came from."
We form a triangle. Me on the easy chair, Gina on the edge of the bed and Ash on the kitchen chair.
"I'm the most boring, so I should go first." Says Gina.
"You are the one we are most in love with and you don't like showing off, so you go last." Says Ash. "I think the polite thing to do is let our house guest go first."
I stand, feeling a bit like a slave at market as Ash asks me to lift a leg here, bend an arm there as she inspects my work. Guessing at the artists, nailing several, missing others. She really loves the soft grey Indonesian witches on my rib cage and I told her about Horiyoshi's reactions to another artist's work, the admiration of one master for another.
I've done this before at the yearly NTA convention, but always with a G string on and not with two women who just made the strangest love to me that I have ever experienced.
She asks a few questions about the pain levels on the lotus roots flanking my ball sack and trailing onto my perineum and shows me the delicate pattern of leaves that run along her taint. We both agree that it's at the top of the pain list.
While my work flows together and disparate pieces complement each other, Ash's suit is the work of one man and it shows. Actually, some of it is cover up, but you could never tell that Horiyoshi did not start with an empty canvas.
Her upper torso and arms are covered in flowers, chrysanthemums, peonies, cherry blossoms and their leaves, all swirling in a delicate sea of grey and black wind and iso bars.
Transitioning at her waist, wind becomes water, one leg's main theme is a long kelp strand with fish swimming in and out of the shadows. On the other is an octopus, the head anchored on her butt cheek, tendrils wrapping themselves around her leg.
As she hikes her leg up to allow a better view of the octopus, a large dollop of my semen dribbles out of her and slides down her leg.
Ash takes no notice and describes for me how Horiyoshi used a 5 round machine for the super bold outline, and like mine, did all his shading and color fills with tebori (hand instruments), usually in a 5 or 7 mag configuration.
Gina slides off the bed and moves to Ash, running her hand up Ash's leg, collecting the big smear of semen across her fingers. We watch in amazement as she jumps back to the bed, resumes her seat and begins licking and sucking my jizz off her fingers like a girl eating cotton candy at the fair.
Our frozen tableau could not be stranger. Ash's foot is up on the arm of my chair. I am seated but bent over, look through her crotch at Gina. Ash above me, hands on hips, staring gobsmacked at Gina as she finishes her snack.
Gina giggles, "You two seemed to enjoy it, so I thought I might as well try some. It's kind of tasty, very smooth............."
Her laughing stints over the past hour have had slightly manic tone to them and this most recent action is not consistent with the woman I have come to know. I seek some sort of reaction from Ash........but Gina continues.
She becomes very serious, instantly jettisoning the giggling come gobbler persona.
"Okay, we all know I only have one tattoo and it's nothing compared to you two. Tom, I know you are curious, so come on over and have a look. And when you are done, please know that I wanted you to really see and know me better."
I have no idea what she means and while still enthralled by this woman I have become a bit concerned with her mood swings taking place since we initiated our triad an hour or more ago.
I get up and walk over to the bed and look down at her. Her predominantly bare, un-inked skin such a contrast to Ash.
"Go on, you can get close, I trust you, I want you to see."
I am now kneeling between her legs. I can smell her fecund richness, it stirs me, but is overridden by her change in demeanor and the knowledge that there is something special about to happen. Something more than I currently understand.
While just one piece, her tattooed fire covers a vast area surrounding her vulva. Across and through the seam of her thighs, it then roars up in a wall of flame. For a first and only tattoo, it involved some real pain. Her labia are tattooed all the way around the curve of her lips to where they fold into her. Like Ash and I, it continues down around her cleft and onto her perineum. The flames then rise and spread up to a point just below her navel and across her entire pelvis.
What I originally thought was Japanese hand work is most definitely all machine work, but by someone very familiar with the Japanese tattoo ethos.
The grey work that I previously thought were smoke and wind, reveal themselves to be faces of torment and anguish. There are least two dozen of these images. The machine touch is obvious in the details that hand work could not achieve at this size.
It's like a tattoo amalgam of Edvard Munch and Hieronymus Bosch and deeply disturbing. I take a deep breath and continue my examination.
As I start comprehending what I am seeing, I feel Ash's hand settle on my shoulder........... All the images are of Gina. Some are young, some current, some are her as an older woman, but they are all definitely her. There is one halfway between her mons and navel that has a glimmer of color........blue........ in the grey washed eyes. That one is not in torment or anguish, but radiates a sorrow that catches in my throat.
I don't know what to say and say nothing.
Ash's hand squeezes my shoulder.
I look up at Gina, leaning back on her elbows, tears quietly streaming down her face. The same face, same sorrow in the face I just saw in her ink. There is a silence around her and a distance. She seems to have departed.
Ash urges me to my feet and somehow, I know to simply follow her lead.
We help Gina to her feet and the three of us walk to the open shower area where Ash turns on the faucet. Ash and I wash Gina, Gina and I wash Ash, the girls wash me. Not a word is said.
We towel each other off in the same way. When we are done, Gina walks up to me and says "Tommy thank you so much and I am so sorry. I hope this doesn't hurt you and I am sorry we never got to your issues." With that she walks over to the bed and curls up in a fetal position, holding a pillow.
I look at Ash and she shakes her head. The two of us dress in silence. Ash drapes a blanket over Gina. Then we head out the deck door and down to her F 250. It's perfect Ash, jacked up onto offroad Fox competition shocks and springs. She cranks it over and we crunch over the gravel as she three points us around and out of the drive, heading back to the city.
I want to scream out 'What the fuck was that?' -- I want to accuse these women of being head fuckers to the extreme -- I want to unremember watching a joyous goddess melt away in front of me. But I hold my tongue, because as much as I don't understand it, I know it is real and not some game. I saw real pain.
"She has never shown herself to anyone else that way before. Three people have really seen that saddle. Me, you and the artist who did it. You can't read her fire unless right up on it. That is the true G, that is the weight she carries. She has been through more shit in her lifetime than anyone I have met and yet she remains the bravest person I know."
"But she seemed fine, even more free only moments before."
"Tom, she is bi polar and the peaks and valleys can happen in an instant."
"Is she safe back there alone?"
"Yes. Self harming is not an issue with her. I think tonight she went so high that she simply ran out of gas. You really made an impression. You are all right!" Ash punches me in my bicep hard enough to knock me into the door, it's going to leave a bruise for sure.
"So what else is this about, especially the male thing."
"She told you about Japan?"
"Yeah, she ran an ad agency or something."
"She ran an ad agency and was making stupid money and wielding a lot of power for a woman. Especially a round eye woman in Japan. And she was having a good time doing it. We would go out at night in Roppongi and pick up boys and girls and it got pretty freaky. Yeah, she was still trying out men a bit at that time. A lot of that was my fault. We weren't in a committed relationship yet and I have my own issues."
"Anyway, the scene we ran in was pretty deeply underground, and we were super discreet. You know Japan. I would cover up completely and we both had beards. But somehow, local boss found out and was turned on by it all and wanted to join in. She was polite and sweet, but firm with her NO. You should see her in a business suit, she is really something. We thought it was all done and sorted."
"Ash, this is starting to get dark."
"No shit, he essentially kidnapped her. Apparently her refusal was so emasculating to his fucking Japanese male ego that he kidnapped her and held her for a week. She had no meds and went on a boom zoom roller coaster while being raped by him and his two man security detail."
"He told the agency staff she was on a business trip in Korea. I was back in the states and began freaking out when I couldn't reach her. After four days, I jumped on a plane and got back the day before they dropped her at her flat in Shibuya. It took five days for the lithium to balance her and her anti psychotics had to be re-evaluated as she couldn't stabilize."
"She was pretty raw. They worked her pussy and ass really hard, no visible bruises outside her genitals. The worst part was they broke her. They broke this fucking chimera of a woman. Those fucking assholes broke her. Someday, I will kill them, I promise you."
"Did she press charges?"
"They douched her before dropping her off, and I could not get her to make sense for days anyway. I thought it was stranger rape for over a week. This guy's brother has a seat in the Diet, no one was going to touch this or help us. They quietly released her, she got a substantial parachute and moved back here with me."
"Tom, that was three years ago. She has been doing a lot of writing and she asked to join me for a live sex show in San Francisco about 6 months ago. The first time she got really drunk and I had to bring in another girl and plant her in the dressing room. The second time, was pretty cool and she seemed to enjoy it. But I didn't and stopped it. That's when she accepted the offer for an article on me and the other girls."
"She's a quick study and could see that most of us are A personalities and truly control the men on the other side. I think she thought she could use that to get past what had been taken from her. She goes down and works the afternoon shift where the saddest, lamest, customers show up -- sorry, Tom -- and has been trying to claim it back. I know this must sound fucking insane, but she's a complex gal and I support her trying."
"There are a lot of faces in those flames, I am sensing there is more."
"Yeah, there is a lot more, this woman is like a pack mule of sorrow. She made a lot of money in New York, made a boatload in Japan and we easily pay the bills between her writing and my work. But she doesn't need any of it. Our Gina is an heiress and never has to work again if she doesn't want to."
"She inherited a fortune when her parents passed away in a plane crash. It was before Japan, before me. And the cost of that was far more than her Japanese boss. Her father abused her from the time she was 8 years old. It continued until she went away to college. She has had a lot of therapy and that's how they caught the bi polar condition. Her therapist told her she was probably looking for Daddy in the Jap boss and that's how she let him get too close."
The little differences in what Gina told me and what Ash is now recounting speak of someone deftly hiding their wounds, their anguish.
I sit there, watching the headlights cleave the blackness as we head north, the skyline of Seattle, shining brightly in the summer night. I am stunned, infuriated and consumed with caring for this woman, knowing all I got was this brief window. Ash driving me home is the end of the story for me, I mean, where would it go? Where could it go?
Ash leans over and rubs my left thigh. "Hey man, don't be sad, you got to meet her and she really let you in, all the magnificence, all the light, all the warts, all the weakness, all the wounds. Most people just see the brilliant, radiant woman I seated next to you at the restaurant. Everyone falls in love with her. How could they not!"
"That stone piece in the shop, that's her isn't it?"
"Yeah, the pieces are a pair and part of an installation I am doing for the Bank of Canada. It's my biggest commission to date and I am so stoked that she and I will dominate a plaza in downtown Vancouver."
"You?"
"That metal mess is going to be a sea eagle, about to light onto her outstretched hand............. Yeah, I know, a bit presumptuous of me...........
"Not presumptuous at all. I can't wait to see it one day."
We drift into talk about working with stone, which I know nothing about. Ash comes alive describing the differences between stone work and metal work.
With her metalwork, she can define the outcome in absolutes and go back and re-phrase something if it does not suit her.
With stone, it dictates by color and strata what she can achieve and there are no do-overs. She re-qualifies the do-over statement and acknowledges that you can but it always diminishes the size of the piece and frequently the voice.
I can't help but think of the parallels in the media used for her expression of each of them.
Ash, the tough, resolute raptor. Adaptable to her core.
Gina, goddess, but formed from complexity and worn away by the forces surrounding her.
We pull up at the Olympic, Ash's jacked up 4WD in absolute juxtaposition with the Mercedes and Ferrari sitting at the valet stand.
Ash has already gotten out of the truck and waved off the valet before I can get out of my seat belt. She comes around the front of the truck. I jump down to join her.
She reaches up and puts her palms on my shoulders.
With our height disparity of nearly a foot, we look a bit ridiculous. She looks at each arm and curses, "Fuck It" and jumps up wrapping her arms around my neck and legs around my waist.
She then turns her head back to the two valets whose mouths are hanging open "This is not what it looks like."
Turning back to me and holds my face in her hands, while leaning back into my arms, my hands clasped behind her back. "And you and I know that better than anyone else, don't we. You can't judge a book by its cover. I am going to stop making assumptions about folks by what they wear."
Laughing, I respond "And I'm going to stop going to peep shows."
"Good idea -- But when you get the urge to perform, because you will.....hire a dom instead."
"Ash....................."
"Don't............. this was a truly special evening, but let's keep it sacred, we both know it can't be anything more." Her eyes are brimming with tears but she won't let even one roll free.
She pulls herself against me and squeezes me tight.
Then she unwraps herself from me and hop drops to the ground. "Show's over boys." She cracks to the valets as she heads around the front of the truck. I watch the top of her head bob along the hood and then the door opens. She climbs up on the running board and looks over at me one last time with a grin.
Putting on her faux British accent at full voice, she sends it booming off the windshield and the glass porte cochere of the hotel entrance
"You're a bloody good bloke, Mr Tom Davies and let no man jack say different."
With that, she swings into the cab, shuts the door and drives away.
In my room, a dozen transcriptions of phone messages have been slid under my door. I throw them all onto the desk and lie down on my bed feeling unbearably lonely.
I begin crying for the broken woman I fell in love with and whose path back to any light is going to be long and arduous.
"............ because we haven't even gotten to that broken part of you yet................. I hope this doesn't hurt you and I am sorry we never got to your issues."
Her final gifts to me.
I realize that free of a crippling mental disorder and a horrid past, my path into light, is simply up to me.
Later that night, I discover that I left The Monkey Wrench Gang at Gina and Ash's home. I figure I'll pick up another copy one day, but for now, Bella, Doc and Seldom Seem are no longer the most unique trio on my horizon.