It is summer, and the fair is in town. Janet, my best friend, her boyfriend and I weave our way through the stalls and rides, until Janet slinks off with her boyfriend for a snog and a fingering on the "Tunnel of Love."
The boyfriend smirks, "Join us!"
But Janet pokes him in the ribs and says, "Meet us at the candy floss stall in twenty minutes." With that, they were gone.
I wouldn't have gone with them anyway; I am more likely to have my head in a book than sit on a boy's lap, not like my slutty friend Janet. But I've known her since we were five, and she's always looked out for me when we were bullied at school.
I notice a small crowd at an exhibit I haven't seen before. I walk closer and see it is a set of medieval stocks, mounted on a platform, flanked on the outer sides by head-high walls, and with a curtain at the back. The carnival guy calls for volunteers. He turns down two or three giggling, probably drunk, people. Then he sees me.
He beckons me to come forward and steps towards me taking my hand.
"Don't be shy, pretty girl! I don't bite!" and he makes a sweeping gesture to the crowd, who laugh and applaud, encouraging me to become involved.
I blush; he knows he has chosen well. He takes my hand and leads me to the rear of the exhibit. We mount the wooden steps, and he pulls the curtain closed behind us. I see that only our upper bodies are visible to the onlookers, hardly more than our heads and shoulders. He bends me into the open stock and places my head and arms in the three holes. He lowers the top half of the prison and folds down a simple latch. There is no way to escape until I am released.
Then he reveals the nature of the game. "Step up! Step up! A pound, a kiss!"
I struggle, but the stocks hold me firmly. "Let me go, you bastard!"
But as I look out at the growing crowd, the thought of being kissed by total strangers suddenly appeals.
"Best play along, girlie! This can make us a fucking fortune!" he whispers. unheard by the cheering of the crowd. "I'll let you go when they've paid up and I can pay you your share!"
A small boy steps forward, encouraged by his father. A coin is dropped into the jar, and the man lifts his son for his first kiss. The boy pecks my cheek, and the crowd laughs. The stall holder encourages the father of the small boy to show him how it's done, The man puts his son down and drops another coin in the jar. He parts my flowing blonde hair and takes my head in his hands. He plants a kiss full on my lips, and the crowd applauds. The boy ran off with his father chasing him not far behind.
Another man, feeling brave now that someone has started things off, steps up and kisses me harder. He forces his tongue into my, at first, unwilling mouth only for me to respond as our tongues play.
At this moment I feel my flimsy summer dress being pulled up over my pert bum, hidden from the crowd by the enclosed booth. He touches the gusset of my panties and finds them slightly damp. He gives my bum a gentle pat. I can sense his smile and hear him calling out to the crowd, "Step up! Step up! Let's show the pretty miss how we kiss in your lovely town! Show her a good time!
A third man, older with a wrinkled face but looking kind, kisses me deep and long, he drops another coin in the jar, and does it again! I close my eyes and moan into his kiss as I feel my panties being pulled down, his fingertips brushing the soft flaps of my pussy lips. The crowd swells as word spreads around the fairgrounds about what the mysterious stocks are for. I am kissed again and again, as I feel him slip his fingers under me, exploring my slit and feeling for my increasing wetness.
A middle-aged woman steps up, clearly drunk, but she is attractive, in a slutty, sort of way. She touches my hand and then strokes my hair. "Coin," he reminds her, and she fumbles in her purse, stuffs a five-pound note in the jar, and goes to town on me! She looks me in the eyes, she was obviously beautiful when she was younger, but life has been hard on her, and her alcohol breath stings my nostrils. The stall holder's fingers playing on my slit encourages me to return her kisses, tongues entwined, encouraging her to become more aggressive in her attentions.
As her kissing intensifies, she grips my hair, pulling it gently. I can't pull away, either up or back, so I have no choice but to endure it until the stall holder taps her on the head and says, "That's five pounds worth, lady!" and the remaining crowd cheers.
She takes a bow and falls over. Her friends hurry to take her away, and more people step up for a stolen kiss. Eventually, people start to drift toward the music area as a popular local band begins to play.
Those who remain might notice the change in my face as the stall holder pulls down my panties further. I tell him to position himself behind me. I guess what is going to happen next, I spread my feet wider, and I feel him rub his cock between my legs. I feel his hard shaft against my pussy. Behind the boards and curtain, no one can see why, but they can see my eyes widen. Then I feel his cock pressing inside me. His girth stretches me, opening me in a way I have never known. And the next man takes my breath away with another kiss.
No one even looks up to see the smile on the stall holder's face as he enjoys the sensation of my tight young puss wrapped warm and wet around his swollen rod. They are too interested in my soft moans and flickering eyelids as they continue to pay for kisses, some soft, some hard, all lustful, all wishing they could take me home for some real fun, like the fun the stall holder is having fucking me slowly from behind.
Three young men come forward, sniggering and nudging each other. The first leans in for a kiss. "Money in the jar!" I hear the stall holder's pants as he thrusts forward, pressing his cock deeper inside me. He grips my hips to stop my torso from rocking too much, so no one guesses what is happening to me.
The first of them gets a surprise as my cry is caught in his open-mouthed kiss! The young men discuss whether they have the nerve to do to my mouth, what one of them has suggested: straining their cocks in their jeans.
When all three of the lads have had their kisses, they whisper amongst themselves and start to pool their cash. I know what they want, and when the stallholder agrees on a price, he tells them to fetch the wooden steps at the back of the booth.
The first mounts the steps and pushes his cock into my mouth, and the young man increases his pace as he face-fucks me. He cums deep in my throat, a young man's lustful portion of salty spunk.
The lad swaps places with his friend, who also cums in my mouth, his cock still pressed inside it, squeezing the jizz down my chin. He scoops it up and feeds it to me on his finger. The final one laughs, taking his place, "She'll enjoy the taste of my spunk better than your sour spunk!"
I don't, but I dare not do anything but swallow it down when his short, desperate thrusts quickly unload his overeager teenage balls.
The stall holder tucks my panties into his pocket--everyone likes a souvenir from the fair--and releases me from the stocks. There is hardly any crowd now that the music is in full swing and the bars are open. He fetches the steps, and I climb down gingerly, my legs shaking. He hands me a handful of notes. "That's your share."
I find a bench nearby, and Janet arrives. She has a blob of spunk in her hair, but I don't tell her. Instead, I smile inwardly, knowing I have more cock and spunk inside me that she and her idiot boyfriend could even imagine. And my heart tingles with excitement at the thought of more.