Prologue
The sensations were distinct for Nicole at first: the cold shock of the raindrops on her bare skin, the taste of her husband's lips, the tingling brush of his pubic hair against her clitoris, the swelling pressure of his member inside of her, and the strange tightness in behind. But the more she gave herself to the moment, the more the sensations merged, swirling together like paints on a palette. The world went away and all she could feel or recognize was a summiting pleasure that slowly consumed every corner of her awareness, filling her to completeness before bursting like a balloon of rapturous, narcotic delight. She screamed without realizing it.
Chapter One -- Just Before Dark
"Glad we got here before sunset," Caleb remarked as they pulled into the parking lot after 30 minutes of highway-driving, followed by 20 of winding, turkey-trail, dirt-roads. He dreaded to think how much dust would be pasted now to the exterior of his little blue sedan.
"Still gotta drive home dear," Nicole smirked, noticing that the sky was almost completely dark by this point.
He hadn't thought of that, and now had a fun new dread to contemplate -- trying to do that whole drive a second time in one evening with a higher degree of difficulty thanks to darkness the second time around. "Well, shit."
"I can get us home." She offered.
The thickness of the forest kept the breeze low and refreshing as they stepped out of their car and onto the endless depths of tiny pebble that made up what was ostensibly a parking lot, but only in the crudest sense of the term -- it was a gravel lot in which cars parked, and seemed very nearly full at the moment, despite the remote location, and with a stream of cars still lining up behind them to enter.
"Well, at least we got a space," he said, watching some of the most recent cars giving up entirely and simply parking on the sides of the dirt road just outside of the lot.
Caleb held out his arm to help steady his wife, whose black-heels had already sunken half an inch into the loose pebbles beneath her. The sight of her stepping out in his favorite dress, a tight, ankle-length black gown with an open back and thin shoulder straps was enough to cause him to very nearly miss supporting her. It wasn't the cut of the dress, so much as the fabric, thin and clingy in a way that tantalized him with the sense of just how little material separated her soft, fantastically curved body from the eyes of the world. She grabbed his arm to level off and his mind emerged from the gutter it was drowning in.
"Thanks. Let's head up."
"Up where he asked, looking around for some sort of signage, but finding only cars and pedestrians and trees." There was something spectacularly contradictory about so many people occupying the same space out in the middle of nowhere. There must have been 30 cars, at least.
From one of them, a nearby Ford pickup truck, a short, elderly man with kind eyes emerged and waved at them as he passed. Caleb nodded back in acknowledgement.
"What was that about?" he asked.
Nicole pulled back her own waving hand in order to pin behind her ear the few strands of shoulder-length strawberry blonde hair that had tossled across her face on the bumpy drive over. "Just being friendly." This tracked for Caleb. Nicole had the kind of beauty that you might describe as "accessible." She was stunning to look at with her large, expressive mouth contrasting her petite button nose, but it was her large blue eyes that always felt completely engaged and engaging, like whoever she was talking to was the only person in the world, the only person in the room. She put people at their ease.
"You don't think he remembers us from..."
"Last year?" She could tell that he was visibly blushing. She had to hold back her smirk for seeming too condescending, but she always found him to be utterly adorable when he was flustered or embarrassed. That, combined with the warm summer breeze and the recollection of the event last year all mixed together as a sort of cocktail of tingling she began to feel throughout her skin. She sensed her heartbeat picking up a little as well, but resolved to stay cool, poised, calm, whatever it took to keep her husband from freaking out.
"Yeah," he replied.
"I'm actually pretty sure everyone who saw us last year is going to remember us. We were pretty unforgettable."
Caleb's cheeks flushed even further. "That was...something."
The details of the recollection were awkward, maybe even humiliating -- a mistaken invitation to the meeting of a swingers club leading to a drunken indulgence. Instead he chose to remember the moment he liked best-- her naked flesh, the stage, the crowd of surprised and exuberant onlookers, the climax. Everything after that was retreat. In some ways, he'd been retreating ever since, but not tonight. He'd made a promise to her and he intended to hold up his end.
She led him past the cars at the east end of the lot toward a little path that led away from the lot and into the forest before climbing a small set of log stairs that pierced through the treeline and over the hill. They went with the flow here, following the crowd of others, everyone walking in the direction of the setting sun, all but gone now, save for a feint glow on the horizon that, at the right angle, filled the thin gaps between the trees with a haunting glow, as if the forest itself was projecting an aura.
They paused before a large pink Bristol board sign lettered in black sharpie that read: "Ayr Polyamorous Society -- Spring Solstice Ceremony -- This Way"
"You sure you want this?" he asked.
She smiled. "You have no idea."
Chapter Two -- Very Good Seats
Thirty feet down the trail, Caleb stood in front of another Bristol board signpost at a fork in the trail with arrows pointing in two different directions. "Do we want robing or auditorium?" Nicole, trailing 15 feet behind on account of the heels, stifled her anger at him for sprinting ahead to read the sign.
"Auditorium," she replied passing ahead of him and following the trail without stopping.
Caleb half-sighed at this before following. "How come we don't get robes?" He was a sucker for robes, lived for his Sunday morning robe-wearing, and 3 of his last 7 Christmas gifts from Nicole had been robes.
"We don't need em," she half-spat backwards at him in frustration.
"OK." And just like that the sudden joy of unexpected robing deflated just as quickly as it had arrived into his life and he resigned himself to being robeless. Looking around he noticed several small wooden cabins amongst the trees, each with a little doorstop and a picture of a smiling bear in front of an address number.
"Is this a summer camp?"
"Will be in two weeks," she replied. "They use it off-season."
"Really?"
"Every last Thursday in June, then again in October."
"How do you know that?" he asked.
"It's on the group page."
Caleb had only had the one encounter with the Ayr Polyamorous Society and, while memorable, the details surrounding their infrastructure were not something he'd ever latched onto. Any time he thought about them, and there were times he tried not to, all he remembered was the room of people cheering him as Nicole thrust her sweat-soaked body across his lap in front of them.
The path was sloping downhill now, away from the cabins, and a burly man in his 30s with a shaved head and beard walked toward them and smiled as he passed.
"Forgot my robe," he said apologetically.
Caleb stopped and turned his head to follow the man walking away.
"See? Are you sure we don't need to..."
"Yes," Nicole stated bluntly. "Hurry up or I'm leaving you out here to fend for yourself."
"I could be a boy scout," he defied her.
"You'd die," she retorted.
"I'd probably die," he affirmed, "but my corpse would be sexy as hell, all rugged and flannel-y."
The trail opened onto a great bowl-shaped structure of wood and concrete built into the slope of the hill. Rows of long wooden benches curved endlessly along the hillside, all surrounding a large, open-air wooden stage in the centre. Filling the seats, and still filing in around them, were dozens of robed and hooded people.
Nicole paused a moment to look up at the sky. "I hope the rain holds off." The last light of the fading sun was just enough to view thick dark clouds rolling in above them.
"What kind of summer camp is this?" Caleb asked, staring in awe at the grand outdoor auditorium in front of them, which was nicer than the indoor auditorium at his high school. The rows of benches were all made from logs cut in half and propped on legs, but the sanding and finish transcended the sort of rustic look that you might expect, and gave Caleb the unmistakeable impression of money at play, as did the stage, which rose 4 feet off the ground, with metal rigging surrounding it. Caleb had never been a theatre-child, but he could make out lights and ropes and sandbags. It also looked expensive. He suddenly thought back on his childhood scouting camps with furious envy.
"Rock and roll camp," she replied. Ages 6 to 17.
He felt his jealousy rise further -- his camps were all about macaroni art and responsible citizenship. He might have grown up to be a good person, but at the moment he'd have preferred to be more rock and roll. He looked around at the crowd and felt an even further surge of envy, a relevant one this time -- everyone in it was wearing identical hooded black robes.
"I don't remember this level of wizard cosplay at the last meeting?" Caleb remarked.
"That was just a mixer. This is the real deal -- robes and all."
"Shit. How old is the Ayr Polyamorous Society?" he asked, fearing that he'd stepped into the den of a long and storied society, secretly pulling the strings of history for ages upon...
Nicole laughed, before whispering back to him "1986. They just like to be dramatic."
Caleb smiled back. "Pretty smart, actually. Those robes look real cozy."
"Mmm hmmm."
"Do we have time to go b..."
"NO!" she interrupted, slapping him in the ribs to punctuate the thought. "C'mon."
Nicole took his hand gently and led him past the crowd, stepping precisely to avoid falling over in her heels as she made her way down the crude stairs made of wooden beams and still more gravel, closer and closer to the stage level. Caleb cast his eyes from side to side, trying to recognize any of the faces within the robes from that night a year ago, or even just to see if anyone was staring at him conspicuously in remembrance. He seemed to be lucking out so far -- no heads were turning and though some of the faces stirred in him a vague recollection, the deadly cocktail of alcoholic fruit punch and adrenaline from the year prior kept him from truly recognizing anyone. He was relieved, but still apprehensive about attending another of their events after they had promised themselves and each other to never speak of that night, and certainly never to return.
Yet here they were. Looking at the stage drawing nearer, he though, in particular of the moment Nicole had first exposed herself to the crowd on last year's stage, their shock and awe to see her in front of them without panties (she'd left them at home...he'd sort of suggested it). Her competing sense of embarrassment and exhilaration had stuck in his mind where all these strangers' faces hadn't. He had dreamed of that moment quite often in the year that had passed.
He flashed back to reality as he realized they were running out of rows to sit in, getting closer and closer to the stage where the crowds had already amassed.
"How close do you want to sit?" he asked.
"About that" she responded. "Remember when I asked you if you'd be willing to come to this, and you said you'd do anything for me?"
"I remember you were naked at the time and had your hand on my..." he lowered his voice to a discreet whisper "...cock."
"Yes, that's correct," she smiled wryly "but not grounds for an exemption."
"I hate what law school is doing to you."
"Me too, kinda, but that's not the point." They were in the very front row now. His steps had grown heavier and she was all but dragging him along the area directly before the stage.
"Um."
"Yes?"
"Um..."
"Yeah. Yeah" she replied earnestly before leading him right to the side stairway.
"Our spot's up there," she stated, gesturing up at the stage.
"You said we were coming to their show."
"And we totally are! In fact, we're bringing the show with us. Think about how much fun you had the last time!"
"I was drunk...and naked."
"Me too! Let's try it sober this time -- maybe it will be even better!'
"I..." His face had turned beet red at this point and he was quite sure that his forehead had somehow generated an instant deluge of perspiration as if the sweat had just teleported onto his brow from nowhere.
"Please!" She begged. "You've been traveling so much I barely see you. I wanted to, like, maximize our time together."
"Sure, but this?"
"Please? I have a plan."
"Fuck."
"Name your price. I'll do anything."
"I want one of the robes."
"Dealsies." And with that she pulled him, willingly, up to the stage level, and just as they set foot atop it, the crowd began to applaud. It was showtime.
Chapter 3 -- The First Offering
Nicole and Caleb stood behind the co-ordinator, a pleasant-looking middle-aged woman with curly blonde hair and a constant smile behind her clipboard. She smiled at Nicole and then whispered something into her walkie talkie that Caleb couldn't hear for all the applause.
Suddenly, the overhead lights came on and the crowd hushed near-immediately, with the exception of the few stragglers now tip-toeing to their seats in a polite attempt to avoid distracting the people who had actually showed up on time and who were already seated.
"Distracting from what, though?" Caleb wondered. What had his wife gotten him into and how far was he actually willing to go...especially sober?
He could see a light turn on in a booth way at the back behind the bleacher seats, which he assumed to be the AV stand. Two shadows were moving in the little building, but he couldn't make out their faces. After a while, they sat down in front of what appeared to be microphones and right on cue a voice, older, huskier, with just a bit of a southern drawl came on, introducing himself as simply "Gary," in such a relaxed and familiar way that it left no doubt that everyone other than Caleb knew who Gary was somehow.
"Good evening, everybody, and welcome to our Spring Solstice event!"
He paused for applause and the crowd obliged with a smattering of enthusiasm and one over-the-top "woot!"
He then launched into a series of preamble announcements, including a forthcoming bottle drive, an update on a controversial chips vs veggie trays debate from a month prior, and a friendly reminder not to drink and drive, all of which felt nothing short of surreal to Caleb, watching a crowd of hooded figures surrounding a stage in the middle of a forest at night. The entire time, he could feel his body temperature rising in dread anticipation -- not knowing what the night would hold. He mentally commanded his knees to quit trembling, but quickly found them to be altogether insubordinate.
As Gary wrapped up his discussion on some sort of upcoming raffle, Caleb was just about ready to walk back to the parking lot and be done with it, but then he felt Nicole squeeze his hand and he turned to see her eyes sparkling with excitement. He squeezed it back, knowing with that gesture just how doomed he was, though perhaps not the exact nature of what was to come. But come it did.
Gary's voice lowered into something more serious than prior, as if rehearsal was over and the show was beginning.
"And with that, ladies and gentleman, let us begin the OFFERINGS TO DIONYSUS TO HONOR THE SOLSTICE!"
The applause was loud now -- not just polite, but maybe even a little raucous. Caleb could feel the energy in the theatre shift, abruptly. His first thought was that somewhere out there was another spiked punch bowl -- he longed for it, himself, but then came around to figuring that what the crowd was drunk on wasn't alcohol at all.
"We will begin then, with the first offering -- the offering of night, by which the ritual of Dionysus can begin!"
More applause.
"Is he going to murder me?" Caleb asked his wife, who only squeezed his hand tighter. It felt clammy now, and her smile had faded. She was biting her lip slightly and avoiding his gaze.
"No...but, you might murder me."
"What?" he asked. "What is it?"
"The first offering is all you."
"Huh?"
"Well, your clothes anyway. After that, I do all the work."
"Beg pardon?"
"Yeah."
The pleasant lady with the clipboard turned to look at them -- nodded once, then whispered something into her walkie talkie, at which point a spotlight shone in the centre of the stage, where Caleb could now see a pair of manacles and chains hanging from a rigging above, and some 6 feet in front of those, pointed away from the audience, sat a stainless steel chair shimmering brilliantly from the light sparkling down on it.
"You trust me, right?" Nicole asked, squeezing his hand more fervently.
"I'm suddenly not so sure," he answered sincerely, staring out at the brightly lit stage and the cold steel throne upon it.
"You'll like it."
"I will?"
"I have a plan."
"You do?"
The crowd was silent in anticipation. The lack of movement in the air was starting to feel awkward.
"OK, pony boy," the pleasant co-ordinator lady stated. "Show us what you've got."
Nicole nudged him forward and he started to step toward the spotlight reflexively. Instantly the crowd applauded yet again, giving him just enough blind momentum to take two more steps until he was just beside the chair at centre stage. He was doing pretty good...and then he wasn't. The awkward stillness returned as he stood there frozen, hovering in the thickness of the moment, all eyes upon him, unable to move like the frogs he used to catch at summer camp by shining a flashlight on them in the dark. All at once he understood what the frogs of his youth must have felt, blinded by an unseen predator. The crowd was out there, it was hung, and he could no longer see them with the spotlight in his eyes. They were just the darkness now, a mass of unseen mutterings, and a giant unreciprocated stare.
Finally, a woman's voice shouted: "take it off."
Someone else echoed the sentiment with a "yeah!"
Someone else offered a more supportive cat-call: "don't be afraid. This is a safe space and you're doing great."
"Am I, though?" Caleb wondered, tallying some quick mathematics on the state of his life and the events that had brought him to this place. He was a grown man fighting the urge to pee himself on a stage, like some 2nd grader at their first school play. He was an unparalleled success in his industry, someone looked up to, someone considered a leader, but here he was just some frozen noob unable to move. He wanted to move.
And then she was buy his side. With him there in the spotlight.
"Need some help," she offered, before adding "...pony boy?" just to needle him a little.
He almost laughed. He surely would have laughed if his body were capable of such a thing in this moment.
With a disarming tenderness, she pulled his tie unknotted and trailed it off of his neck to land on the stage floor.
"Tell me now if you want this to stop," she asked, unbuttoning his shirt next.
The crowd was slow-clapping now, rhythmically, like it was the bottom of the ninth and the Yankees had a man on base.
Caleb placed his hand over his eyes and found some resolve. "Keep going."
And she did.
It was only when he was down to his boxers and the clapping was at its loudest that he hesitated, clutching desperately at the waistband to prevent her sliding it down.
"You have nothing to be ashamed of," she reminded him. He nodded at this, and abruptly released his grip. Nicole yanked down hard and the crowd found a new volume with which to express their admiration. And just like that, for the second time in his adult life, he was cock-out naked in front of a crowd of adoring fans.
Chapter 4 -- The Supplicants
After letting a moment pass for said applause, Nicole guided him to the chair and sat him down so that he was no longer facing the crowd, instead now facing only her, which had a calming effect that helped drive back the senses he had lost in consequence of the raw adrenaline rush he was experiencing, a rush that the sudden sensation of the cold steel chair on his backside only escalated.
The crowd was calming down now as Gary came back onto the loudspeaker. "The first offering is accepted and the rite of Dionysus can begin!" The crowd applauded. Caleb wanted to call them all nerds, and would have, accept calling people names while naked is always a terrible idea. Always.
"Next up," Gary resumed "we will require a volunteer from..."
"Nope." Nicole shouted at the top of her lungs, looking away from Caleb to stare defiantly at the booth at the back.
Silence from the loudspeaker a moment, then a hush from the crowd.
"Uh...what?" the speaker finally asked.
Nicole continued to stare down the windowed booth as if it were a charging bear. She had assumed the kind of assertive posture that Caleb had seen from her only in her court proceedings, but she wouldn't wear the kind of dress she was wearing now to those...not that Caleb would ever wear HIS current outfit to court either. "I wish to choose my supplicants." Nicole answered back.
Another long pause before the voice of Gary returned. "We usually just..."
"Nope," she interrupted again. "Article 6.2 of the constitution states that offering volunteers may choose their supplicants if they so desire."
Caleb was a little taken aback, and suddenly uncomfortable about being naked in the middle of an awkward procedural debate. He craned his neck to look out at the crowd and to the booth above. He wasn't even sure what he expected to find there.
"Hold on one sec," came the voice, followed by some murmuring as he'd obviously left his mic on, followed by the sound of flipping papers. "Looks like you're right missy, but we usually just..."
"Nope," she stated bluntly. "I want to choose. And don't fucking call me 'missy,' laddie boy."
Gasps from the crowd, followed by anticipatory silence. Caleb could practically smell Gary's perspiration, except he knew that such a feat was impossible. His voice returned: "Uh, okay then. Who did you have in mind?"
"Sienna and Darryl" she stated without the slightest hesitation. This struck Caleb as rather odd, since a) Nicole hated Sienna, and vice versa, and b) it was Sienna and Darryl who'd defeated Nicole and Caleb in the bizarre ritual from a year back, whereafter Nicole's animosity toward Sienna's condescension had led them to participate in some pretty intense sex stuff in front of the audience back then.
While Caleb pondered his wife's 'plan,' the audience tonight, thoroughly confused now, applauded meekly as the Sienna and Darryl emerged from the thick of the darkness surrounding the stage and meandered up the stairs.
"So, hey," Caleb whispered to his wife. "What's happening?"
Nicole smiled. "I have a plan."
"Why them?" he whispered back.
"Fine." She replied, as if his request for explanation was somehow completely unreasonable. "So after our last little stage show, where I totally showed her what's-what..."
"By boning me on stage in front of her? Is that what's-what?"
"Yes that's correct. Don't interrupt. After that she kept making jokes about it at book club."
"Is the entire book club part of the swingers club?"
"Stop interrupting! She did it all passive-aggressively. Her pick for one month was "Memoirs of a Geisha." She specifically told everyone that she knew I'd love it."
"You know a Geisha isn't actually a sex wor..."
"I know that! But she didn't know that either. Look it doesn't matter. So that night while you were in Toronto, Janet had gotten out her dacquiri-maker for book club, we'd all had too much to drink and we sort of had it out in the parking lot a little bit."
"So this is your revenge? Why am I naked for your revenge?"
She looked furious at the additional interruption and had to grit her teeth to keep from raising her voice to a volume the crowd might pick up. "Not exactly, see..."
"Ladies and Gentlemen, the supplicants for tonight's ceremony: Darryl and Sienna!" Gary announced through the loudspeaker. The applause from the crowd made it impossible to finish the conversation.
Darryl and Sienna approached the spotlight, and the naked man in the chair. Darryl was a large man in his early 30s. He had the unmistakably large arms of a mechanic and a broad chest to go with his slightly bulking tummy. He had thick blonde hair, and the kind of bushy mustache that can only be pulled off by the kind of person who exudes an air of masculinity. His face was soft and warm-looking, and as Caleb knew first-hand, Darryl was extremely good at chess despite a slightly vacant stare that might encourage the wrong kind of snob to underestimate his intelligence...as Caleb also knew, first-hand.
Sienna was a tall and wispy brunette, with a lean but firm body, a dancer's body -- slight, but agile. Her face was the opposite of her husband's -- unquestionably beautiful, but projecting a firm stoicism that had a tendency to read as more of a warning than an invitation to anyone she encountered.
As they drew close, Sienna and Nicole gave but the slightest acknowledgement that each other existed, neither willing to reveal a hint of emotion -- it was like a poker match, but with more open-air man-balls in the vicinity than one might expect to find at a card game.
"Hey, Caleb," Darryl nodded and smiled as if they were passing each other in a grocery store aisle.
Caleb turned from his wife to scan Darryl's eyes to see if they'd drifted at all to assess Caleb's naked state, fearful of judgement as Caleb was...not that he hadn't just been exposed in front of literally everybody, Darryl included.
"T'sup, Darryl."
"Not much. Nice night."
"It is," Caleb replied, horrified by the casualness of the exchange whilst also oddly comforted by it. He liked Darryl. He hoped he still liked Darryl by the end of whatever this evening was becoming.
Gary's voice returned, resonating throughout the clearing. "Are we ready to proceed?"
Nicole stared directly at Sienna.
"I am if you are," Sienna stated bluntly.
"You sure?" Nicole asked.
"Are you?" Sienna returned.
The nice lady with the clipboard came out with a rope and approached centre stage. She handed it to Sienna, who thanked her cordially and immediately began wrapping it around Caleb's torso, pinning his arms behind his back and binding him to the chair.
"Ummm..."
"Don't be a baby," Nicole taunted as she raised her arms above her head and Darryl clasped her slender wrists into the manacles above her.
"Ummmmmmm..." Caleb vainly protested as Sienna affixed his ropes tight with an elegant knot.
When all was complete the other married couple took two steps back from their work, and the crowd applauded it dutifully. Caleb stared at his wife, some four feet away from him, practically dangling from the manacles with her feet just barely touching the ground.
"You have a plan, right?" he shouted over the applause.
She winked back at him playfully.
Chapter 5 -- The 2nd Offering
"Ladies and gentlemen," Gary bellowed "it is time for the second offering. Are the parties ready to proceed?"
Nicole looked at Caleb for confirmation.
"What happens if I say no?" he asked.
"I guess we just go home, then" she replied. "You ready to go home?"
He grinned back at her.
"We're ready!" she shouted jubilantly from her manacled position.
"That's what we like to hear!" came the voice over the loudspeaker, who sounded increasingly like he was officiating a monster truck rally as his enthusiasm regained. "Supplicants, are you ready!" Gary shouted even more enthusiastically. Caleb fought the urge to scan the treeline for Truckasaurus.
"We're ready" Sienna spoke for both of them. Darryl offered no protest.
The lights dimmed a little bit and the spotlight swirled around to create a dramatic disco sort of effect. Nicole caught Caleb's gaze and rolled her eyes at the cheesy melodrama.
Gary's voice returned, muted now, as if reading from secret scriptures, rather than a PDF written in 2002 in a Best Western conference room. "Dionysus calls for the offering of clothing. In return, the offerer may demand something of their supplicants." Pause for applause. Caleb looked at Nicole, wondering if he should feel jealous that his wife would, theoretically, be losing her dress any moment, so that everyone could see her in a state of UNdress, or if he should feel jealous that she got to keep her underwear, given his current state.
"Who makes this offering?" called Gary, jubilantly.
"It is I" Nicole cried out faux-dramatically.
Gary, unphased, continued "And what do you demand of your supplicants in return?"
Nicole responded immediately "that they take all of each other's clothes off using only their teeth."
The crowd fell into an assortment of confused murmurs. The loudspeakers hummed in silence. Darryl looked at Caleb and Caleb looked back at Darryl with a shrug that said something along the lines of "beats me, man."
Gary came back on the loudspeaker. "We usually start a bit slower than that -- we want to be fair to the couple involved and we try not do anything humiliating, right?"
Nicole yelled back "I'm dangling from manacles and you're talking to me about humiliating? Do I need to quote article 10 of the constitution?"
Gary paused. "I...I mean you're not wrong, I'm just asking you to reconsider for the sake of our community. We're all friends here and it's just so pivotal that we maintain an atmosphere of respect and mutual comf..."
"You have my request." Nicole replied. The crowd murmured some more. Silence from the loudspeaker.
Sienna turned to face her, and gave her a long gaze that Caleb couldn't see, but had to assume was made of pure ice. Then she turned back to the crowd, and looked up to the booth. "We'll play along. But let me ask you this: is there anything in the rules that stipulates how the supplicants have to claim the offering?"
More murmurs.
"This is fucking intense," Caleb whispered to Darryl.
"Yup," Darryl replied.
The loudspeaker came back on. "Not that I can see, but I'd hope that..."
"Excellent," Sienna replied and marched toward Nicole, bringing her face an inch away from the manacled woman's. "You sure this is how you want to do it?" she asked.
"Positive" Nicole answered, resolutely.
Roughly, Sienna grabbed the front of Nicole's dress, just above the cleavage and yanked back as hard as her slender frame possibly could. The crowd shushed into silence as a six inch seam formed down the centre of Nicole's dress, exposing her strapless whit brassiere while her whole body leapt forward at the force of Sienna's pull so that Nicole lost her balance and swung forward from the manacles.
"Fuck!" she shouted.
"What the fuck!" Caleb shouted. Nicole looked up at him, and he detected just the slightest smirk on her face.
"Still clinging, I see." Sienna retorted before stepping forward again and yanking. The seam expanded again, exposing the top of her underwear. Nicole shrieked this time as the remaining fabric dug in to her skin. Sienna returned again, and with one final yank, the dress split open entirely, but still she wasn't done, ripping at the straps to pull it off of Nicole's body altogether before throwing it, the offering that it was, now tattered and torn, onto the dirt in front of the stage.
The crowd kept making startled noises, but nobody felt comfortable enough to applaud.
Nicole dangled, skin read from where the fabric had dug in at Sienna's yanking, exposed to the crowd like a rack of meat hanging in a butcher shop window. She was breathing heavily, her chest and shoulders heaving and glistening with sweat. She composed herself and held up her head to stare straight into Sienna's eyes.
"I guess you got your offering. Get on with it, then."
"I'm so sorry, man," Darryl stated to Caleb.
"Me too, mate," Caleb stated to Darryl.
Sienna shrugged and marched toward her husband, locking her hands behind her back to prevent the temptation of cheating. She started with his robe, deftly nudging the buttons loose with her tongue while Darryl stood stock still, confused about how to help (or even if he was supposed to). To everyone's surprise, the robe came off quite smoothly billowing down to the glossy wooden planks of the stage-floor.
Then she went for his shirt, biting into the collar at the back of the neck and pulling hard while Darryl clued in to assist her and dutifully bent over and slid himself backward out of it. Sienna turned her head to the side and spat the shirt onto the stage, beside the robe before smirking triumphantly in Nicole's direction.
There was a 'woot' from the crowd as she lowered herself to her knees and bit into his khakis to provide some downward pressure as he sort of wiggled his way out of his pants, getting caught only on his sneakers at the bottom.
"Guess you'll have to get those two," Nicole taunted deviously.
"Who are you?" Caleb replied, half-seriously.
Unphased, Sienna laid herself down on the ground on her side and bit firmly into the heel of each sneaker so Darryl could lift his feet out. Her diligence paid off and both shoes were left to rest where they lie. The socks were a little harder, though. On the first attempt to get a grip, Darryl squeeled in pain as Sienna accidentally bit into his Achilles tendon. Without so much as an apology she adjusted the angle and depth of her bite, tried again, and the left sock was off, followed soon after by the right.
Another woot from the crowd (and louder this time) as she repeated the same process that she had used for Darryl's khakis on his boxer shorts, kneeling down and biting into the waist band then lunging her whole body downward with it. The elastic band got snagged however and clung to his member a moment before his cock came ricocheting free and very nearly caught her in the face, save for her swift movement to the side.
The woots came from all sides of the arena now as Darryl stood exposed and, for the first time that night, Caleb did not feel like the nakedest person at the party. At last, after a good total five minutes of problem-solving and couples coordination, Sienna stood triumphant, with a naked dude beside her as her trophy. Her hair was so tossled about her face that it was hard to see much of her expression, but to Caleb, she seemed genuinely proud.
"6 out of 10," Nicole shrugged. Caleb stared at her again in confused awe at her seeming cruelty.
Darryl proved less adept than Nicole. In his defense, he was naked to start and all the toothful writhing was genuinely disquieting. Caleb could not recall ever seeing a man's taint stretched and contorted in so many different positions in one evening as Darryl flopped around, imitating his wife's strategies, but without her sense of precision and grace. After about 10 minutes of trying, he'd managed to get Sienna's robe, shoes and socks off. By this point, the crowd seemed almost bored, and the frustration was evident on both Darryl and Sienna's faces. Nicole actually yawned at one point, an image Caleb would never get out of his head -- his wife, in her underwear, manacled on a stage and yawning like it was 2 hours into a conference meeting.
The crowd perked up a bit when Darryl bit the straps clean off of Sienna's dress with a sharp panther-like jerking of his head, allowing the sleek pink sun-dress to fall swiftly to the stage beneath her to reveal her already topless body (a mercy to all, considering how long it might have taken Darryl to remove a bra this way) and a thin pair of black, g-string panties.
Caleb had not seen a g-string since approximately the late 2000s. He wasn't aware they still made them, but there was Sienna, his wife's - what?...archnemesis? -- standing four feet away from him, ass pointed straight at him, with little more than dental floss concealing her entire rear-end.
"Hey," Nicole asked Caleb who snapped his head back to face her, "whatcha got there?" She nodded her head a smidge at Caleb's crotch area.
"What do you mean?" he asked, suddenly getting nervous.
"Bit of a chub, wouldn't you say?" She had her poker face on, leaving him no clue if she was teasing or genuinely upset. She always seemed to thrive on his uncertainty.
"I..."
She broke into a laugh as he struggled to compose himself. "Save it for me, Pony-Boy."
As Darryl knelt to yank down his wife's g-string, the crowd applauded, both at the spectacle before them, and at the payoff of Darryl's dogged persistence. In a smooth, but exhausted motion of his neck and then body, he had done it. Darryl, thoroughly covered in sweat at this point as well as a decent amount of grime from the stage floor (grime which was, of course, sticking to that sweat) sat down on the stage for a breather in lieu of a victory lap.
Sienna didn't. Instead, she turned to face Nicole again, who simply tilted her head a smidge in acknowledgement of the accomplishment and then smiled her widest toothiest grin.
"So," Sienna said defiantly extending her hands out to either side like she was balancing dinner trays on each one of her palms. She was completely naked, but completely unabashed. "What's next?"
Chapter 5 -- The Third Offering
"Dude," Darryl whispered to Caleb, "what the fuck is happening?"
"I have no idea," Caleb replied as they both watched their wives staring each other down like a boxing-match weigh-in.
"I'm uncomfortable." Darryl moaned, slowly pulling himself off the stage floor and up to his feet.
Caleb shot him a glare to trigger Darryl's acknowledgement that only one of them was tied naked to a very uncomfortable steel chair. The acknowledgement never came, however, and Caleb was jolted back to the moment through the return of Gary's voice on the loudspeaker as the applause became a gentle smattering, and then died off altogether.
"Are we ready for the next round?" he asked, but now they could all hear the apprehension in his voice. Gary's initial enthusiasm had been replaced with weariness over his capacity to control the escalating events the night had already delivered, events driven by Caleb's shockingly zealous wife. "She wasn't kidding when she said she had a plan," he thought to himself.
Darryl and Caleb looked at each other to gauge their respective readiness. It didn't matter. Sienna and Nicole both shouted back "yes" on their behalf immediately. It was time for round 3.
"Are the parties ready to proceed?" came the call from the loudspeaker.
"You fucking know it, Gary!" Nicole shouted.
"Ah...that's...excellent then," Gary replied. "Supplicants, are you ready and willing to proceed?" Gary paused, then added judiciously "as you know you are free to retire from the offering at any point in..."
"Still good, Gary," Sienna shouted.
"Yup," Darryl added half-heartedly. Reflexively, Caleb tried to reach out to pat Darryl on the shoulder in support but the ropes --of course- wouldn't let him move.
The lights began to swirl again.
"Who makes this offering to Dionsysus?" the loud-speaker droned.
"It is I!!" Nicole screamed into the night. Her whole body heaved forward as she spoke and her feet were jittering about as if dancing to unseen music.
"You ok, dear?" Caleb asked.
"Never better," she laughed. "I have a plan."
There was a long pause before Gary finally asked "And what do you demand of your supplicants in return?"
"I'm glad you asked, Gary," Nicole began. Caleb closed his eyes in horror. "Since they were a little rough with me last time, I'm going to specify that they remove my underwear delicately this time..."
Gary replied over the loudspeaker "I see no reason why that can't be part of the demand. Seems perfectly..."
"Then I want her to slide them onto her husband..." she paused just long enough to tantalize the crowd with the possibility that she was finished.
"OK," Gary began, relieved at the only mildly extreme nature of the request, but Nicole interrupted him.
"...then I want him to piss my panties on stage."
The speakers crackled with feedback at the sound of the booth microphone falling over. The crow jostled and whispered uncomfortably. Caleb was sure he heard several boos and at least one "what the fuck?" He was pretty much thinking the same thing himself.
"Honey?" he asked.
"Yes, dear."
"What are you doing?"
"Shhhhhh," she chimed. "It's part of the plan."
The sound of a jostling microphone returned over the speaker before Gary spoke. "Look here..."
"Yes?" Nicole replied conversationally.
"...we are not the kind of group to judge."
"That's appreciated."
"But this is a bit too much." Gary stated remorsefully. "We are a swingers group, not a fetish group."
"Ok, then."
"I suggest you pack up your things and go back to kijiji and find some other assembly who..."
"What does Article 15 say?" Nicole interrupted.
A long, long pause. The crowd was murmuring again as if everyone was asking everyone the same question and nobody had the answer.
Caleb stared at her anxiously. "What does article 15 say?"
She whispered back to him "it says that the President has to maintain the letter of the constitution and all codified rituals lest he be removed from office."
"Oh," Caleb replied. "Are you sure we're not going to be murdered?"
"That's not part of the plan."
Sienna stood calmly, covering her vagina with one hand, but leaving her breasts to the warm night air, gazing at the booth with patient resolve, never looking at Caleb, nor her husband, nor Nicole. She just stood there, confidently, swaying her hips back and forth slowly.
"Supplicants, I strongly recommend you step down and we can all..."
"Nope." Sienna stated.
The crowd was humming again, a mix of shock and excitement.
Sienna looked at Darryl for confirmation. "Nope," he replied aloud before whispering to Caleb. "Dude, what's going on with your wife?"
"No idea. Hope you've been keeping hydrated."
"I..." Gary began. "Then please claim the offering."
Nicole was beaming at this point as Sienna walked over behind her and gently unlatched her strapless bra, as per request, and threw it upon the stage, exposing Nicole's large breasts to her husband first, and to the audience behind them, who had now fallen again into the same sort of hypnotic trance that never failed to seize Caleb whenever his wife's breasts entered the picture. He felt embarrassed to be sharing that image with them (again), but the transcendent beauty of his wife's topless body took some of the edge off of that hurt.
Methodically, Sienna then grasped each side of Nicole's frilled white panties and slid them down her thighs incredibly slowly -- seductively even - then over the knee, and down the calf and over the heels just as Nicole gingerly lifted one foot a time to step out of them.
From there, Sienna approached Darryl, who had turned a shade of purplish red at this point.
As she drew closer, Darryl whispered to Caleb "dude, I don't know if I can go with this many people watching."
"Just close your eyes and think of a river!" Caleb assured him, before immediately contemplating why he was assuring another man of his capacity to piss in Caleb's wife's underwear. This might have been the strangest pep talk Caleb had ever given.
Sienna passed the underwear to Darryl who stepped in one leg at a time and yanked hard to get them up over his thighs. To everyone's surprise, the material stretched and he was able to kind of sort of kind of wear them, though his left testicle was clearly trying to escape out of the side.
The crowd fell silent again as Darryl closed his eyes.
"Dude," Caleb whispered. "Do you mind?"
Darryl opened his eyes a moment and realized how close to Caleb he was standing. "Right, sorry," he stated before stepping away a few spaces from Caleb and from Sienna and from dangling naked Nicole. The spotlight followed him as his brow furrowed with concentration to such a degree that the veins at either side of his forehead became visible.
The crowd was silent.
For moments, nothing happened, and all anyone could hear was the strain of Darryl's groans as he tried to will his urine out of his body.
"Just relax," Caleb coached...again wondering why he was helping.
Darryl paused to compose himself, then took a deep breath and let the tension leave his brow and shoulders and back.
It started.
A light trickle streamed down his leg before picking up steam and forming a heavier flow that resounded off the hollow stage floor below him, leaving no doubt to the entirety of the arena what had happened. Darryl took a sigh of relief and opened his eyes to the confused smattering of applause from the crowd. Sienna came over close to him, careful not to step in the puddle at his feet, and kissed him on the cheek in congratulations. She then turned to Nicole who was smiling devilishly.
"What else you got?" Sienna asked.
Chapter 6 -- The Final Offering
Out of nowhere, a grumbling sound started churning articulately as distant thunder had seemingly decided to somehow bring the very heavens into what had already become a remarkably surreal experience.
"Is Dionysus mad at us?" Caleb asked his wife, looking above for any accompanying lightning.
"For what?"
"For making a man pee on stage in front of everyone."
"He's the god of wine and orgies dude. If that's Dionysus you're hearing, I guarantee you that sound's applause. Besides, Thunder is Zeus, remember."
"Is Zeus ma..."
But he didn't get to finish before the loudspeaker came on with a voice that was definitely mad at all of them. Gary's seething contempt was practically leaking out of the speaker as he spoke.
"Well, I guess it's time for the final offering," he murmured unenthusiastically.
"Did we break Gary?" Caleb asked.
"Maybe this time we can watch a man shit himself -- change our name to the potty club or something." Gary added sarcastically.
"Is Gary drinking?" Caleb asked.
"I mean, probably." Nicole smiled back before looking up at the sky herself as she felt a single droplet of rain splotch down onto her naked shoulder and run down her chest before tickling her inner thigh and on down her leg. Unable to scratch with her hands in chains, she shivered at the sensation.
There was silence still. The crowd had begun murmuring in confusion without a clear directive from their ringleader, Gary.
"You might have gone too far with the pee pants thing."
"Don't look at me," she replied, innocently, gesturing over to Sienna who was standing next to Darryl with her arms crossed across her chest to conceal her breasts now instead of her vagina.
"Huh?"
"Golden showers aren't exactly my thing. You should probably know that by now."
"Honestly, I'm sort of re-evaluating what I know about you at this exact moment."
She grinned enthusiastically at this as if it were exactly the compliment she'd been waiting for, as if he'd accidentally stated outright the purpose of the entire exercise. Then she looked away from him, coyly.
Several truths were dawning on Caleb in the silence of Gary's existential crisis, and he was tired of being out of the loop, so he decided to pry -- to finally get some answers.
"How?" he asked.
She didn't face him, but continued to speak while staring at her own feet. "After the bookclub incident, she emailed to apologise, which led to a coffee, which led to an invitation to the lost Solstice festival thing while you were out of town. Then we grabbed coffee again and started talking. Then we grabbed another coffee and started planning."
"And now we're here?" he asked.
She looked up at him smirking. "And now we're here. Tell me that you regret it."
He couldn't. He regretted how cold his testicles were and how chaffed his arms and chest were by the ropes securing him, but however he felt about his wife's plan, regret wasn't the word for it.
"You know you owe me for this," he uttered.
"You might not feel that way after the final offering," she winked.
"Fine, fuck it..." came a slurred voice across the loudspeaker. Then some shuffling sounds, then a new voice came on. "Sorry about that folks. I'll take it from here. Let's maybe just do the last thing and we can all go home and talk about any changes we might want to make to the constitution at the next AGM."
Murmurs of agreement could be heard in the darkness.
"OK, let's see here" came the new voice on the speakers again, followed by the unmistakable sound of pages turning, followed by what can only be described as uncharismatic reading: "for the final offering to Dionysus this solstice, the feature couple will promise to share their flesh with both the god and with us this evening while the supplicants support them however the featured couple sees fit. What will ye have of them, so say I this night."
"1986, huh?" Caleb whispered.
Nicole nodded.
"Do you have a pen and paper?" she shouted up at the booth and the crowd murmured disapproval at the very idea that her demands could get so complicated as to necessitate that.
"I...what?" the speaker replied.
"I'm just kidding," she shouted again. "Nothing so expansive. I just want her to put on the panties and suck his dick in front of us while she reaches out and gently rubs my asshole as I fuck my husband in that chair."
All at once, the ground seemed to fall out of the outdoor theatre, as if the earth had opened up and swallowed everything. The crowd lost all semblance of unified opinion. There were gasps of horror and shrieks of delight and "holy shit"s and "woot"s and "let's get out of here"s from all corners.
New Gary came on the speaker again, laughing "I'm pretty sure nobody's going to agree to tha..."
"We'll do it," Sienna shouted before turning to face Nicole. "Can't let her outshine us, after all" and she winked.
Silence from the booth. Horror and exhilaration from the crowd.
"Are we sure this isn't a dream," Caleb asked Darryl.
"Pretty sure," Darryl replied. "Normally you wake up after you piss yourself."
"Touche."
Chapter 7 -- The Deluge
Caleb's theory that some god had taken note of their transgressions gained traction as the light drizzle became a modest smattering. He could imagine all the audience members who'd just left whispering to their partners about how they'd made the right call in light of the weather.
Those who remained in the audience would go on to disagree.
Darryl stood somewhat dumbfounded as his wife seductively drew in close to him. There was a groan of anxiety from the audience as she grabbed the wet panties at either end of his waist, smiled at him and slowly drew them downward.
And then the lights went out.
It was as if the blackness of the forest had seeped across the stage like a fast-moving fog.
"Uh..." Caleb mumbled from the void. He could still hear the crowd, but the sound of the raindrops slapping down on the hollow stage was making it hard to really discern anything.
"It's OK," Nicole spoke. "I'm still here too."
Then a distant buzzing sound followed by a flickering of lights as the emergency generator kicked in. It was a jarring contrast from the brightness of the spotlight he'd been in, but Caleb's eyes were slowly adjusting.
Then not-Gary's voice returned. "Sorry folks, looks like the storm is coming. We'll have to schedule a rain-day make-up. We'll have attendants with flashlights lead everyone back to the parking lot. Just form an orderly line in the aisles. Make sure you have everything and don't forget to hand your robes back to the attendants at the lot."
A groan from the crowd. There was some rustling, but nobody moved, as if the necessity had failed to register, as if anything but the spectacle of the moment was an acceptable trajectory for the remainder of the evening. Sienna remained perched on the ground with the wet panties around her husbands ankles, unsure what to do.
"It's light enough," Nicole shouted at the booth. "And Dionysus needs his offering of flesh. We wouldn't want to anger him" She winked again at Caleb. "When had she gotten so into winking?" he wondered.
Taking the cue, Sienna nudged the panties around Darryl's ankle and, obligingly, he stepped out of them.
The crowd silenced themselves immediately in anticipation.
"I'm sorry" not-Gary's voice returned. "We really can't -- we'd be liable."
"But..." Nicole protested.
"I'm very sorry," he repeated in a manner that did not seem very sorry at all. "Lights out, folks. Time to go."
A button was pressed, it seemed, and all the generator lights in the theatre went out so that the only illumination to be found was in the flashlights of the aisle attendants and the faint glow coming from the booth.
"Mother-fucker!" Sienna protested.
"Well," Caleb sighed. "It was a very good plan, honey. Can't fight the weather, I guess."
She grit her teeth in obvious disagreement. "Don't tell me who I can't fight," she barked back in frustration and defeat, before catching herself in attacking the wrong party. "Sorry, I didn't mean that. It's just..."
But before she could finish, she found herself blinking at a small light shining from the audience. It was only blinding in contrast to the darkness and she quickly adjusted, but then another one was shining as well. Then she heard a round of applause and two more lights came shining from the audience, and soon enough that number was 30 cellphone lights, all pointed at the stage, eager to preserve the offering in front of them.
Not-Gary didn't even speak.
Sienna stood to her feet and slid on the panties to the crowds jubilant hollering of approval. Passionately, she pulled her body in close to Darryl and kissed him on the lips as he ran his right hand down her naked back and clutched her damp behind in agreement and resolve.
Together they walked to Nicole and unhitched her manacles. Her arms fell lightly to her side and she shook them furiously to get some blood back in them. After a moment of this, they all approached Caleb together, smirking triumphantly and expectantly.
"Soldier up, pony boy," Nicole challenged. "It's time."
Exuberantly, she threw herself in his lap and pressed her lips to his in unquenchable thirst. He responded enthusiastically, frustrated only at his inability to reach up and caress her face and hair, due to his bindings.
"Untie me," he pleaded.
"Nope." She replied bluntly. "Not unless I hear the safe word."
He didn't dare to utter it, understanding in that instant the visceral value of his confinement. He peeked over her shoulder to see Sienna crouched low, stroking the skin of Darryl's rapidly rising penis back and forth with vigor and determination, before abruptly sliding it into her mouth, causing his toes to curl up on the wet stage.
"I guess we're doing this," Caleb observed.
Nicole came up from sucking on Caleb's shoulder blade to respond. "I guess we *oomf* are."
"What was that?"
"Just my butthole," Nicole retorted, and sure enough Caleb could now see Sienna's outstretched finger disappearing into his wife's behind, convulsing rhythmically.
The rain began to pour down even harder. Nobody cared.
Chapter 8 -- The Plan Comes Together
"Does it excite you?" she whispered in his ear before biting playfully at the lobe.
"Which part?" he whispered back.
"Seeing another woman touch me there?"
He drew her warm body close to look over her shoulder again. It was a strange sight. In spite of all the unique elements and aspects of the show, Sienna was multi-tasking fluidly, her hand wrapped firmly around the base of Darryl's penis guiding it back and forth into her open mouth while she looked up at him proudly. Her other handed extended outward, disappearing between Nicole's butt cheeks, but quivering in articulate, circular motions that seemed to ricochet through Nicole's entire body in response. Caleb was unsure how to answer his wife's question diplomatically, but his erection was already providing the answer and they both knew it. She simply wanted to tease him.
He decided to turn it around. "Does it excite you?"
"Maybe," she replied demurely before shifting her weight just enough to raise herself on his lap, his penis sliding naturally up into position, before coming back down upon it, instantly erasing anything resembling a cogent thought in his head. With a familiar ease, she shifted her weight back slightly, then forward, into him, then back again like the gentle rocking of a boat in slow water.
When the sensation of bliss normalized, Caleb opened his eyes again and looked out in front of him. Darryl was already surging back and forth into his wife's mouth as she stroked the base of the shaft with practiced finesse. His excitement was obvious; he wasn't going to last long. Caleb could feel his anticipation building, and so could the crowd.
Sienna could sense it too and drew back her mouth before gently aiming the moist head of Darryl's penis at her own chest, pumping with an even greater vigor than before. The rain was thick enough now to obscure the sight of it, but the sudden arrestment of Darryl's body, followed by three sharp surges from his member made it clear enough to warrant applause.
Darryl crumpled to the wet stage almost immediately, his great broad chest heaving for oxygen. As the applause finally diminished, Sienna rose to her feet and drew in close to Nicole's back, kissing along her spine whilst continuing to probe between Nicole's cheeks as Caleb's wife rocked backward and forward, then up and down, alternating rhythms repeatedly in order to delay the cessation of their pleasure.
In the heat of the moment, Sienna ran her hand along her chest, gathering up what small amount of her husband's ejaculate the rain had not yet washed away before reaching her hand between Caleb and Nicole and rubbing it across Nicole's neck, seductively.
"Gah!" Caleb protested.
"What the fuck!" Nicole screamed, immediately halting the course of her hips.
"I..." Sienna began. "I'm so sorry. I just thought..."
"Nope" Nicole stated bluntly.
"I'll grab a towel." As Sienna turned to run to the side of the stage, Nicole lurched forward sharply with an "agggh" as Sienna's finger suddenly exited her rear.
"Sorry!" Sienna called again as she ran and grabbed the only towel she could find: her own discarded robe from earlier and rushed back to wipe Nicole's neck clean.
The crowd was confused.
"Should we still...?" Sienna asked.
"Fuck yeah," Darryl called up from the stage floor. "This is hot."
Nicole looked at Caleb. "You haven't gone floppy on me, have you?" she asked, swaying her hips back and forth to confirm the state of him for herself.
"To the end, then." Caleb smiled back.
"Always," she replied, building back to her previous rhythm, then closing her eyes at the recognition of Sienna's index finger's return. "Fuck," she whispered, appreciatively.
The rain came down even harder, the kind of unsustainable downpour of thick, heavy drops that hit with force and weight, but could never last more than but a few moments.
The sensations were distinct for Nicole at first: the cold shock of the raindrops on her bare skin, the taste of her husband's lips, the tingling brush of his pubic hair against her clitoris, the swelling pressure of his member inside of her, and the strange tightness of Sienna's finger in behind. But the more she gave herself to the moment, the more the sensations merged, swirling together like paints on a palette. The world went away and all she could feel or recognize was a summiting pleasure that slowly consumed every corner of her awareness, filling her to completeness before bursting like a balloon of rapturous, narcotic delight. She screamed without realizing it: "Holy fucking shit, yes!" and felt her body slowing as awareness came back to her, felt Sienna's finger withdraw slowly, her other hand gently rubbing Nicole's back, and her husband softly kissing her cheek.
The crowd was cheering in the rain. She had no idea how much time had passed or where exactly she'd gone to during its passing.
At last she opened her eyes.
"That good, huh?"
"Don't flatter yourself. Sienna did all the best work."
Caleb looked suddenly defeated.
"Don't be a wiener," she chastised between gasps of breath. "I'm just kidding."
He seemed genuinely relieved. She wondered how far his imagination had run in the instant, and shifted her weight slightly again to confirm that she hadn't scared him off. He was still there -- still ready.
"One last thing to do, then, huh?"
He smiled. "Can I be untied?"
"That's against the rules," she reminded him.
"I think the rulebook went home already," he countered.
Sienna did the honours, moving behind the chair and unleashing his bonds.
Caleb practically leapt out of the chair without even uncoupling from Nicole, lifting her body up into the air with him, and practically body slamming her onto the rain-soaked stage save for just enough self-control to ease their descent.
The crowd hooted excitedly as Caleb began pumping at her, back and forth with the cathartic vigor of an animal set loose from its harness. Sienna flopped to sit down next to Darryl, nestling her head onto his shoulder as they watched the couple together.
Nicole shrieked her joy at this, while Caleb grunted inarticulately. Back and forth and back and forth with all the tension and anxiety and uncertainty of the nights events. He wasn't going to last long either, and everyone knew it.
His buttocks clenched and unclenched rapidly then struck solid, hovering at maximum tension for a good 30 seconds as his cum flowed into her.
And then he fell upon her, emptied and exhausted. She stroked his back lovingly and kissed his forehead.
"Thank you," she said, "for all of this."
"I'm...glad...you...enjoyed yourself," he replied.
The crowd was on its feet with applause, louder than the waning rainstorm.
Without so much as an announcement to co-ordinate their efforts, they then began to file out, courteously, leaving the couples alone on the stage, with nothing but the crickets left to observe them.
"You owe me one," Sienna said to Darryl.
"I know," he replied.
"I mean an orgasm. Like right now. Come eat me out in the car."
"Uh, OK." he replied, and with an awkwardly formal set of "thanks" and "goodbyes," they too were off and somehow Caleb and Nicole were alone in the darkness of the stage of a now abandoned outdoor theatre, holding each other close in their shared exhaustion and listening to the sounds of the last raindrops pattering gently into the puddles surrounding them.
Chapter 9 -- The Naked Hike
Eventually, the sky opened up and they lay alone under the star for as long as they could, admiring their accomplishment in silence until the coolness of their wet, exposed skin nudged them back to reality, even in the heat of the summer air.
Nicole stood and picked up her torn and tattered dress.
"Was that part of the plan?" Caleb asked.
She grinned, smugly, "Yeah. That was my idea."
"Did you like it?"
"Hurt more than I expected, but it was definitely exhilarating. Wish I'd brought a spare, though."
Caleb looked around at the heap of remaining clothes. He fished his keys out of his soaked pant-pockets and wrapped the rest up into a big ball, preferring to air dry on the walk to the lot, rather than adorning this soggy attire.
Nicole was scanning around the floor of the stage. "I think she took my panties."
"Pretty sure they've outlived their use."
"Oh yeah -- I had no intention of bringing them home, but still, how weird is that? Do you think they're a souvenir?"
Caleb shrugged. If they were, he was OK with it. He felt they'd earned it. He took her hand with his free hand so they could walk each other down the wet stairs, then slowly up the theatre aisles and over the hill in the moonlit darkness.
"Whose idea was..."
"Sienna's" she responded before he'd finished. "She's into golden showers. I don't judge."
"How unexpected."
Caleb wore only his shoes to walk through the forest, but Nicole was feeling some sort of natural connection and decided to go both bare and barefoot, shining the light of her phone to guide them down the narrow forest trail and stepping gingerly over wayward tree roots. Of all the surreal things he'd seen this night, this was the image that Caleb would hold in his memory the strongest: following his naked wife through the forest, awash in a strange sensation of complete and total victory, ease, and love.
"So," he began before pausing to stir the right phrasing out of his endorphine-addled brain "the uh..."
"Butt stuff?" She supplied. "Darryl's all-time fantasy. I just took one for the team."
"Did you..."
She stopped to turn and face him with another smirk. "I didn't hate it...We can try it again some time."
He smiled.
"So how much did Darryl know?"
"She told him that he had to go along with everything she told him tonight, and in return she'd make his fantasy come true, which is, as noted, seeing her fingering another woman's butt while sucking him off. Again, I don't judge."
They crested the hill now and saw the parking lot devoid of all cars save for their own and Sienna's. Even when she shone the light on it, playfully, they couldn't see inside for all the fogging of the windows. Nicole did, however gently tap the glass as she walked by and, unmistakably, they heard a tap back from the inside.
They opened their car door and slid into the seats, tossing Caleb's wet clothes into the back.
"Well, here's hoping we don't get pulled over" he said, half-seriously.
"Agreed. I'll drive slow," she said. "But you have to stay awake to keep me company. No falling asleep."
They pulled out of the lot and onto the road. Nicole debated honking goodbye to Sienna and Darryl, but decided not to interrupt them again.
"Would you ever come back?" she asked as the car settled into a steady pace.
He thought about it. He had never expected to come after their last embarrassing adventure. "Do you want to?" he deflected.
He turned to look at her and she simply stared back at him knowingly.
He mulled it over further in his mind. "I think I could probably be convinced."
"I'm pretty convincing" she replied, before gently reaching her hand over to her passenger's lap, and softly slithering her hand down between his thighs.
THE END