I looked over at my wife Chloe while we watched TV one night. She is beautiful, and I'm not just saying that because she's my wife. A model like 34 24 34 figure, 34C breasts at that, and standing the same height as myself at 5' 10" tall, she gets a lot of looks and head turns. Her long blonde almost white hair helps to complete the look too.
"Babe, I've had the date back for my hernia operation, it's at the end of next week, late afternoon so it will be an overnight stay too," I told her. She pulled a face, then grinned mischievously.
"Oh babe, what am I going to do without you?" she said, sliding a hand into the front of her shorts and mock gasping.
"I'm sure your dildo will get a good workout anyway," I replied, laughing, " and it's only one night."
I'm still amazed at times that she married me. She's ten years younger than me at twenty-five, we've been married for five years now. I know I'm reasonably good-looking, but not a Brad Pitt or George Clooney. I have some money to my name but I'm not extremely rich. I do play football and visit a gym so my body still looks good. Hell, who am I kidding? She's with me because I have a 10" erection that's thick too, and she can't get enough of it.
I mean that literally. Most nights we have sex four or five times. It's exhausting, and another reason why I go to the gym is to keep fit. She has a very high sex drive and masturbates a lot too. Everywhere. She seems to have no scruples at times, seemingly oblivious to getting caught. In public, she's unstoppable at times. Changing rooms, in the woods when we're out jogging, even in the car on long journeys, sometimes she'll just quickly look around and start wanking for my, and hers, pleasure. On one journey she pulled her favourite 9" lifelike suction dildo from the glove box where she'd stashed it earlier, stuck it to the dashboard and rode it while I tried to concentrate on driving. Quite a few truck drivers got a good view that day. I got the benefit of that thrill the same night.
One time we were at the cinema with not many others in and did get caught. Bored of the film she unzipped me and started sucking me off. I told her a man had stood and walked to the other end of our row to watch better, and she stopped to look at him. He was stood up about ten seats away, and she put a hand up and told him to stop. She told him he could watch but he wasn't joining in. She sucked me until I shot down her throat, slurping it down greedily, then seeing him with his cock in his hand lay facing him and fingered her pussy while he watched, both of them cumming while watching the other masturbate.
I asked later what would have happened if he got a lot closer, and she said nothing would, mine was the only cock she needed and wanted. I believed her, but a small part of me wondered if she would have sucked him off too given the chance. Not only did I wonder whether or not she would, but what my reaction would be.
I knew where she worked one guy had been pestering her, ignoring the fact she was married, Chloe telling me not to get involved as he had no chance. She'd walked up behind him, heard him telling others he was going to fuck her brains out given half a chance. Chloe had told him that my cock was 10" long and very thick, and if he didn't measure up she wouldn't even feel him. He bowed his head and walked away feeling very sorry for himself.
The guys I play football with had regular meeting nights, usually at one of our houses after training, and one night they were at our house. We usually had a film on and had a couple of beers to unwind, I'd noticed before the guys were always looking out for Chloe and giving her admiring glances. She'd been upstairs for a while when she came into us, carrying some more beers and some bags of crisps. Setting them down she looked at my mate Dave and asked if he was looking at her tits. Dave opened his mouth in shock, not knowing what to say. Chloe started laughing and said he'd be the only one not doing so if not.
She waltzed out of the room and went back upstairs. There was a lot of nudging and laughing at Dave, and a few whispers. I heard one of them say I was a lucky bastard. Chloe came back down not long after, walking through to get to the kitchen to get a drink. I, and the others, noticed she'd changed into her nightwear, tight shorts and a loose vest top that barely covered her tits. More whispering broke out.
After the film had finished and the last of the guys had left, I went up to our bedroom where Chloe was. Her face was flushed, her dildo still wet with her juices on her bedside table.
"Started without me have you?" I smirked.
"A girl has needs, and you've been too busy watching films with your friends," Chloe giggled.
As she finished she leaned over and pulled the zip down on my jeans. I told it that all the guys had gone and I wasn't just checking on her, and she shrugged her shoulders and said she didn't care. She pushed me onto my back and expertly slid her tongue around my cock, then slid her mouth down over me. Chloe had no gag reflex so deepthroating was easy for her. After a while, she took her mouth off me.
"How big are your friends?" she asked.
"What?" I asked back, thinking I'd heard her wrong.
"You all shower after training right, you must have seen?" she responded.
"Well none have ever had an erection while showering, but none quite as big as mine," I answered smugly.
"Really? Dave's seems quite big, and John's too," she giggled.
I sat up, wondering where the conversation was going. She saw my puzzled look.
"Look, you guys all look at women's tits and arses, trying to work out how big they are. You too, I've seen you checking out some of my friends. I know you're always glancing at Sarah's 36Ds. Why can't we women check out your friend's arses and bulges too?"
I shrugged. I couldn't say much else, she did have a point.
"I don't make a habit of staring, and like I say I've never seen them with an erection so some might be growers, but of the five here tonight Dave and John are around 6" soft compared to my 7", Paul around 5", Billy is around 4"," I told her.
She didn't answer, instead going back to sucking my cock. The conversation wasn't bought up again.
The following week we were supposed to be going to Dave's but he was having repairs done to his aircon so we decided to go to mine instead. As we piled in I shouted upstairs to Chloe, hearing her say something but didn't understand her. We settled down and watched about ten minutes of the film when Chloe entered the room.
She had on her usual shorts and vest top, but her nipples were fully erect and very evident. Her 34C tits are very firm anyway but the sight of her nipples erect left some open mouths as she walked into the kitchen. I heard the oven door open and close, and a plate on the work surface. She walked back in and set down on the coffee table a large plate full of sausage rolls. Bending over to put down the plate, her shorts disappeared into her arse crack. Billy on the other side had a view right down her loose top, and I saw Paul lean over to look too, both of them smirking and nudging each other.
She looked around, and told me she knew I hadn't heard her say she'd bought them especially, she hoped my friends liked a sausage roll, giggling as she said it. She looked around them again, then winked at me. I knew she'd been glancing at their cocks. She disappeared out of the door and went back upstairs.
I decided to give it ten minutes and then go up to her, I had a feeling I knew what she'd be doing. Just as I was going to go up, Billy asked where the toilet was. I told him directions to the toilet upstairs. A minute later I excused myself, saying I needed the toilet also. I quietly closed the living room door and walked to the bottom of the stairs, pausing.
I could hear a bed creaking, and the unmistakable sounds of a female moaning. I'd been correct in my thinking, but Billy hadn't come back down yet. I sneaked up the stairs, getting halfway up and leaning against the wall I could see Billy, he was no longer in the toilet but was standing peering around our open bedroom door. He was a grower after all, his 8" erection sticking out from his zip. He stroked at it as he peered around the door frame.
Not only was I not angry at him for watching my wife, but I could also feel my cock starting to bulge too. Did she know he was there? Had she heard someone and not bothered stopping? I heard her panting and moaning quicker and louder, and knew she was about to cum. I heard the sound of her orgasm flood through her. Quickly I moved back to the bottom of the stairs and shouted to Billy to ask if he'd finished yet. He appeared as if he'd just come out of the toilet, looking sheepish.
The following day I came home from work a little earlier than usual, opening the front door I could hear in the distance muffled moans. I sneaked upstairs, tiptoed across the landing, and stood watching around the door frame as Chloe slid her dildo into her pussy, riding it hard, her head tossed back and eyes closed, her hair wet and matted to her forehead with sweat.
She was doing her usual thing with the dildo. I say usual because she now and again sends me videos at work when she's home alone, and in each one she's doing the same thing. She has a 20" by 16" mirror with a sturdy frame that she sticks the dildo to. That way she's hands-free, the mirror is easy to wipe clean, and it means she can video herself in the reflection with her phone to watch back later.
Chloe suddenly opened her eyes and saw me in the doorway. She didn't alter her pace at all.
"Hi, how long have you been standing there instead of coming in?" she asked.
"Only for a minute or so, I was admiring your technique," I replied, "were you like this yesterday?"
"Yesterday?" she asked, puzzled but still riding the dildo.
"After putting the sausage rolls down for us all, after sneaky peeking at all the guy's bulges as you made sure they saw your ass and tits?" I replied.
She giggled, still keeping the same pace.
"I think I was yes, did you come up and watch me?" Chloe said.
"I didn't no, but Billy did, cock in hand. You were right too, he is a grower," I answered.
Telling her didn't seem to phase her, in fact, she tweaked a nipple a little harder.
"Billy? Do you think he came? Show me what he was doing?" she asked.
I stood in the doorway in the same position Billy had been in and released my cock and started stroking.
"No, he didn't cum, you got there first and I shouted up to him because I needed the toilet."
She carried on riding the dildo, eyes now closed again, fingers pulling at each nipple. Slowly she opened her eyes, looked at me in the doorway, and pretending she hadn't seen me opened her mouth and gasped. She beckoned me to her with her finger, using it to shush me to keep quiet. I shuffled over, cock still in hand. She told me to get on the bed, then putting hands on my hips pulled me to her and sunk her mouth onto my cock. Five minutes later we both came within seconds of each other.
Laying back on the bed she traced her fingernails along my flaccid shaft.
"You could have let Billy carry on watching, it may have been fun, like the guy in the cinema," she whispered.
"I thought that was because he was a stranger? Billy is my mate, it's a bit close to home?" I answered.
"I like the idea of men wanking thinking about me, what they'd want to be doing to me, me seeing them doing so makes that all the better," she replied.
She saw my puzzled slightly worried face.
"I'm not going to invite them to fuck me though, that isn't what I want," she continued.
She moved down my body, taking my cock into her mouth, it almost erect again where she'd been stroking it whilst talking. She took my entire length right in the first time.
"I nearly had an erection knowing he was watching you anyway," I blurted out.
Her mouth moved quicker and quicker hearing this, her hand squeezing my balls, I swung her body over mine and my tongue went straight to her clit. We frantically moved on each other until we'd both cum again. She turned, laying alongside me, her head resting on my chest.
"I love you," she whispered, "and I love that you listen to what I want."
Two days later came the day of my operation. Chloe had near enough dried me up the night before, encouraging an erection out of me time and time again, explaining that she needed my cock while she could still get it. The operation went well, and she arrived to pick me up the day after. She asked how things had gone and how I was feeling when the doctor walked over.
"When can he have sex again?" she asked the doctor impatiently.
He turned and looked her up and down, then smiled at me.
"Straight to the point. He's a little tired still from the anaesthetic and will be for the rest of the day. He'll still be able to get an erection, that shouldn't be a problem, but his stomach will be very weak and we advise as much rest as possible, even walking around will hurt," turning to me he continued, "Here's a doctor's note for two weeks if you're still sore towards the end of that give us a call."
I was wheeled out and helped into Chloe's car, her friend Sarah sitting in as well to help me into the house. I saw the doctor look at them both before turning to me.
"Please try not to over-exert yourself, it will take longer for you to heal else."
Getting home they both helped me into the house and settled me in a comfy armchair, Sarah's tits inadvertently brushing against my arm as she held me up. When she was about to leave later, she turned to Chloe.
"Oh yeah, are you gonna be okay for tomorrow night or not?" Sarah asked, pointing at me.
"Erm, I'm not sure yet," Chloe answered.
"What's this?" I asked.
"Instead of yoga tomorrow we were going to start a gym sweat class, it's a full body workout," Sarah told me.
I saw how bright Chloe's face was when she told me, and then it dropped thinking she couldn't go.
"If you're worried about leaving me alone like this I can ask the guys to come around?" I told her.
She threw her arms around me and hugged me, telling me that's why I was the best. She told Sarah as she was leaving that she'd let her know for definite once I'd made sure the guys would be around. When Sarah had left she went to make us both a drink, then put them on the coffee table. She turned, a grin on her face. She hooked her hands into my t-shirt and pulled it slowly up and over my head, then undid and pulled down my shorts. I sat in front of her, completely naked.
She traced her finger along my scar, just above my pubic bone, and then her finger traced down and along my cock. It jerked, Chloe watching my face intently. She stood and stripped seductively, turning and swishing her arse in front of me. Turning back, she frowned.
"Are you not erect yet, am I not exciting you?" she giggled.
"I'm not back in the real world after being asleep during the op," I tried to argue.
"I bet feeling Sarah's tits on your arm was nice wasn't it?" she giggled.
She saw my cock twitch.
"I bet if she'd been naked," she said, walking to the side of me," and her nipples erect and grazing down your arm," she continued while doing so with hers, "then that would have worked wouldn't it."
She saw my cock now semi-erect, walked around and knelt between my legs.
"Then she knelt and wrapped her big tits around your cock, and slowly wanked you," she added, doing so herself.
"And then waited for me to come back into the room, to see her sink her mouth onto your cock, to suck you off while I watched," she continued, gently taking me into her mouth, making sure I was okay and in no pain.
"She knows I'm watching, she knows I'm wanking while watching too, and you watch me until you flood her mouth," she said, her mouth working quicker on me.
The images raced through my mind until I came, Chloe clamping down on me and not wasting a drop. Looking up and licking the remnants from around her mouth, she asked if I was okay. I grimaced and told her it had hurt my stomach. It had, but not as much as I was making out. Chloe said sorry, then handed me my drink and gave me the TV remote. She said to shout to her if I needed anything and walked towards the stairs. I watched her beautiful arse disappear through the door and paused before I turned on the TV. A minute later the familiar moans of joy could be heard from upstairs.
The guys arrived the following evening, Chloe leaving just after. Dave announced that there was a slight change of plan for movie night and they all started laughing. I'd noticed he had three or four DVDs in his hand, and he put one on to play. I asked what sort of film it was, comedy perhaps? They all laughed again. The film started playing.
"Oh very funny," I said, seeing the start of a porn film playing.
I laughed when Dave announced that they knew I was 'watching only' for now so they'd chosen these on purpose.
"I'll let you borrow them for the next couple of weeks is you like?" he laughed.
He parked himself on the armchair next to mine, while John, Paul and Billy sat on the sofa opposite. We were half joking about the women in the films, comparing them to people we know and joking if they did the same things as their film counterparts were doing. We were halfway through the last film when Chloe returned home.
"Erm, hi, you're home earlier than I expected," I said to Chloe.
The room had gone silent apart from the film still playing, between sex scenes. Chloe still had her fitness wear on, lycra shorts and a lycra crop top that looked sprayed on. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail.
"Yeah, showers at the gym have broken, had to come home a sweaty mess to shower here."
She walked over and sat on the floor between my legs. She started asking how I was when the unmistakable sounds of a female groaning came from the TV. All eyes shot to the TV.
"Are you watching porn?" she said.
"Dave's idea of a joke," I answered.
Chloe laughed, and her gaze went back to the screen. In the next scene was a tall blonde wearing black stockings and a black suspender belt, kneeling playing with her tits and clit while three men stood over her wanking furiously. I didn't know if the others noticed, but she looked like Chloe except for having a short bob. Chloe pushed her head back into my lap, rubbing against my erection, from my view I could see her now erect nipples and her hand slid into the front of her shorts. She sensed what she was doing and looked around.
"Is nobody else wanking watching this, she's hot," she said.
"She looks like you with short hair," Billy blurted out.
There seemed like a group exhale of breath as he'd said what the others were thinking. Chloe lifted her hands, twisted her ponytail around a few times and kept it in place with some hair clips.
"Is that better Billy, do I look more like her now?" she asked, walking by the TV. Billy nodded yes. "Then why aren't you wanking over me again?" she giggled, turning and walking towards the door. She turned back to me and winked.
"I'm going to have that shower now," she said and sauntered out of the room.
"Again?" Dave asked Billy.
Billy looked sheepish before answering.
"Yeah, I went to the toilet last week and I saw her through the bedroom door, riding on her dildo with her back to the door," he explained.
There were cries of 'dirty bastard' and then Paul called him a 'jammy bastard'. Everyone's eyes went to me to gauge my reaction.
"Can't blame him, she is fucking hot," I laughed, then added, "and way out of his league!"
"It doesn't bother you that he was wanking watching your wife?" Paul asked.
"Well if she's not going to hide what she's doing knowing you were all here and could catch her then that's her fault. Anyway knowing Chloe she probably would have enjoyed it," I explained.
I looked up to see Chloe smiling from the doorway, having heard every word. The dildo got a serious workout that night, before and after the guys had gone home. Playing with my cock, stroking it gently, she asked if I really minded. I told her as long as she didn't think about fucking any of them then it was okay. By way of a thank you, she took me in her mouth until I'd cum down her throat.
She'd gone to work the next day before I was awake, getting downstairs I saw a note from her.
"Have an appointment after work, will be about an hour."
I spent most of the day trying to work out what she'd be going for, even texting Sarah for clues. Sarah didn't know either. I tried watching TV but my mind was racing. Was she planning something? or was it as simple as visiting a doctor or dentist?
Finally, she arrived home, sporting a haircut. All the while I'd known her she'd had very long hair, now she'd had it cut off into a short bob. She had a bag in her hand, and grinning at me put her hand in and bought out a black suspender belt and a new pair of black stockings.
"Like porno girl," she smiled.
I had an erection in seconds but hid it trying not to let on that I was that excited.
"Are you sure it's okay, or shall I save these for when you're better?" she asked.
"Do you want me to film it, or shall we set up hidden cameras if you think the guys will get stage fright?" I responded.
"Stage fright? Surely not?" she laughed, slipping down her dress to reveal she had nothing on underneath.
I phoned Dave later and told him it was going to be too much strain on my body for me to visit one of them, so did they want to do movie night at mine again? It took less than five minutes for Dave to have spoken to the others and agreed they'd come to mine on Friday night. Two days to plan things.
Chloe agreed to go out with Sarah for a bit and come back once the guys were all settled in. I joked with her about bringing Sarah back with her, and she surprised me by saying that would be better left until I was fit and ready. My cock was erect in seconds again, this time Chloe noticing and wanking me until I came over her new haircut.
The two days seemed like two weeks, time seemed to pass so slowly. Chloe was as much on edge, sending me a video from work now and again. Little teaser videos. The first she'd pulled her skirt up at her desk and pushed her thong to one side. The second I couldn't see what she was doing but could guess. She was filming into a mirror opposite her, two of her colleagues standing talking, Chloe's feet could be seen on the desk while one hand held the phone and the other reached between her legs.
She sent me a picture showing she had several sharpie markers inserted into her very wet pussy. In the final video, she had set her phone on a toilet seat, videoing herself as she removed the sharpies one by one and inserted them into her arse instead, her hand grasping them as she fucked her arse once all were inserted. Once that was sent, I got a text message saying she'd walked from her desk to the toilet with the sharpies clenched in her pussy with only her short skirt covering them, getting some strange looks as she walked unusually there.
Chloe had already gone out before the guys turned up, Paul and John a little disappointed she wasn't there already. We had a good laugh watching comedy films and had a few drinks, then Chloe sent me a video. She was sitting on a bench on some grass, people walking past just yards behind her on the pavement, oblivious to her having her feet up on the bench on either side of her, her skirt above her knees, a hand between her legs playing with her pussy. She'd zoomed in on the fingers working in and out, then zoomed out to show Sarah next to her, dress pulled down so her tits were on show, her hand between Chloe's legs.
"Sarah's just getting me ready for later, back as soon as the taxi arrives. Dropping Sarah off first," she messaged me.
Thirty minutes later she returned, but without Sarah in tow. She strolled in slowly and quietly, trying not to disturb us watching the film. She needn't have bothered, all eyes turned to her. She was wearing her favourite black dress, thin black straps that made it obvious she had no bra on, and the dress barely reaching her thighs. She sat down between my legs, looking straight at the TV and making a point of avoiding eye contact with the others. I saw Billy nudge John and point towards us, but looking downwards. I guessed Chloe had removed her thong when getting fingered.
I leaned forward and whispered, asking her. She turned and smiled back at me, opening her legs a little more but not making it obvious she was doing it on purpose.
"Are you not watching porn, I'm disappointed," she said, putting on a mock frown, "I've come back all horny too," she turned and told me.
"We could always put a porn film on if you want?" Dave asked her.
She smiled, then turned and asked me to unzip her dress. I pulled the zip down on the back and she stood, the dress sliding down her body and resting by her ankles. There was a collective gasp as she stood there, wearing only the suspender belt and stockings, the tops of the stockings already damp.
"We could always re-enact our own porn film couldn't we Dan?" she asked me.
There were a few puzzled looks as the guys thought it was time to leave.
"I'm not sure I'm energetic enough yet, but I'm sure the guys would be happy to help you," I told her.
She looked around the room, smiling at them all as they nodded back at her.
"Right then, I'll be back down very shortly," she responded.
She walked out of the room and the guys looked excited. She returned minutes later with a mirror in her hand, her favourite dildo in the other.
"Right, Paul and John move the coffee table over there please, Billy push that settee back against the wall, Dave move your armchair a little further around, please. Great, now you should all be able to see," she said, setting the mirror down on the floor.
We were all now in a semi-circle around her, watching as she slid the dildo between her legs and moaned. She took the dildo and slid it into her mouth, licking her juices off it, and then stuck it onto the mirror, looking up to see Paul with his phone out.
"No videos or photos, I don't want to end up all over the internet," she scowled.
Paul quickly put his phone away. Chloe squatted over the 9" dildo, the end parting her pussy lips.
"Why am I the only one naked?" she asked.
Clothes were discarded quickly, I managed to pull my t-shirt over my head and slid my jeans and boxers down around my ankles. Chloe licked her lips at five cocks available for her to view, and sank onto the dildo, taking the whole nine inches after only three thrusts of her hips. She rode the dildo for a while, surveying the room, watching us each in turn as we stroked our cocks watching her.
"Nice to watch you too this time Billy," she giggled between moans, "come closer though."
He looked over at me until I nodded to him. He walked over to Chloe who moved his hand and replaced it with hers. Stroking his cock in unison with her riding, his head rolled back as she masturbated him, pulling him closer still as he did. He must have been able to feel her breath on his cock as he was close to her mouth.
"Let me know when you're close to cumming?" Chloe asked.
Billy groaned loudly and nodded yes to her. Thirty seconds later he told her he was close.
"Face first," she said as she wanked him quicker, sticking her tongue out.
Feeling it flick against his head pushed him over and he tensed as he came, spurt after spurt covering Chloe's face and hair. After finishing cumming Chloe released her grip on him and he went back to his seat.
Chloe put her arms behind her and leaned backwards, her legs splayed showing the dildo deep inside her. Her palms planted, she started riding again.
"The next one will have to wank themselves, but I'll let you choose where you cum," she announced.
She rode quicker still, her tits bouncing about, beads of sweat flying off her chin and brow. Paul was next up, wanking furiously as he aimed at her tits. He came a lot, some of his semen hanging off her chin when he'd finished. Chloe reached one hand down and fingered her clit as he moved away, her body shaking as she made herself cum. Juices flooded down the dildo and across the mirror. She reached the hand up, scooped up some semen and licked it down her throat.
"I want to cum on your arse," Dave announced.
"Fine, but I want to watch you and John wank over me first," Chloe said.
She knelt over the dildo and sank right down onto it, keeping still this time. Dave and John walked over and stood proudly in front of her, both erections pointing at her, both 9" long like the dildo. With one on either side, she reached up and took one in each hand. She stroked them gently at first, then started slowly rising and falling on the dildo.
"Mmm, you're as big as the dildo so I can imagine it's either of you I'm sitting on," she moaned, "can you imagine that too?"
"You can sit on my cock if you want to," Dave told her, laughing, hoping."
"Not tonight, but never say never," she said, grinning in my direction.
She started stroking them quicker as she rode the dildo quicker, then stopped. She loosed their cocks, twisted to be facing me, and still kneeling leant forward and took my cock into her mouth. Dave and John both gasped out loud as she swallowed my cock in one. She thrust her mouth on me a couple of times, and then took it back out.
"My arse is ready for you to decorate then guys," she announced.
She went back to sucking my cock, Dave and John stood behind her watching her perfect arse as she rose and fell on the dildo, her pussy lips gripping it on each stroke. I leaned forward as close to her as I could.
"Reach back and pull your arse open with both hands, it's fucking hot," I told her.
Her eyes flicked up and caught mine as I put my hands on either side of her head, guiding her onto my cock as she pulled her arsehole right open. She tensed as she felt fingers on her clit, and then two fingers entered her arse as well. She looked up at me as if to ask if it was alright. It was a bit too far gone now to start setting rules. With a mouth and pussy full of cock, and fingers on her clit and in her arse she soon came again, squirting over John's hand on her pussy.
She felt the hands move as she pulled her arsehole open again, then splashes on her arse and in the small of her back as John came. Dave knelt behind her and she felt his cock nudging against her arse momentarily. He was wanking furiously, his cock pointing at her spread arsehole, and when he came he aimed at it, trying to spray his seed up her hole. Most of it dripped down her buttocks, then she felt him scoop some up and he started fingering her arse again.
I sensed her body start to shake again and I started thrusting up at her, trying to time my orgasm to be at the same time as hers. I beat her, shooting my load deep down her throat but it was enough to tip her over, Chloe groaning loudly as she came, her arse clamping shut on Dave's fingers.
Chloe slumped to the floor, her body seemingly drained of energy. She lay there as the guys all thanked her and me, then got dressed to leave. I told them I couldn't see them out and saw Dave go out last and smile broadly at me as he shut the door. No sooner had it shut than Chloe sprung to her feet.
"Fuck, I can't wait to watch that back now, are you up for it or do you need to rest?" she asked.
Watch it back? I'd forgotten she'd put hidden cameras about the room, I hadn't even seen her do so.