Author's Note:
A silly article about lusty wives fuels Hayley's desire for more from her marriage. (MF, rom, group, oral)
Note: This is not a cuckold story, but it could be read that way from a spectator and encouragement standpoint. There's a difference between wanting a wife to experience more vs. being marginalized in the relationship. If you take exception to that aspect, you might look elsewhere.
Most of my stories feature Hayley and Steven. Each story stands alone and are not sequential unless labeled to be in parts.
***
Hayley watched as Steven sank the eight ball, winning the game. He usually won anyway, but her game was off because she was decidedly distracted.
Foremost was an article that she had read at the dentist's office, one that made her question her judgment and maturity, one that she should have just let lay there. Besides, what dentist leaves a cheap, counter culture newspaper mixed in with all theHomes & GardensandGlamourmagazines anyway? She wasn't one to fantasize... much anyway. But the headline had touched a very sweet spot that she had largely pushed aside. She had known it would be a waste of time, literally printed click-bait. Still, it hit that spot, one that stirred some of those very personal sensations that preceded her rare afternoon naps.
She had played a game with herself, testing the fates to determine if she was meant to read it. If the hygienist had called for her before she made it through every page before she got to the article, then she hadn't been meant to read it. As expected, the music and movie review titles were likely only known to the authors and the editor, and what short articles there were dealt mostly with the evils of government and the unfairness of everything, written with an eloquence suited to writers who were crying over their Ramen noodles. It hadn't taken long for her to arrive at her article. Giving the fates another chance, she had skipped ahead to the personals and paid advertisements for toll free HOTlines and Asian massage clinics in the area. Where was the damned hygienist?
The large font title and the salivating details had drawn her in faster than any cheap romance novel could. "Wanton wives: Why they demand sex outside of marriage." The idea made her tingle.
She hadn't bothered with a Google search to figure out whether the featured guest writer's "Psychiatry practice for unfulfilled wives" was legit. The diction had been too narrow, and too many sentences had ended in prepositions for it to have been written by someone with an advanced degree. Still, she had read it. Every little bit.
Screwing friends, neighbors and strangers behind their husband's backs. Really. The good doctor had skipped all the expected "domestic boredom" and "the need for someone to listen" tripe and, possibly due to column space, had jumped directly to a proposition that the societal evolution leading to gender equity led to a logical result. Just as women were no longer dependent on a male provider, they were free sexual beings no longer bound by traditional understandings of commitment.
He provided brief case studies about five successful, professional women who had sex regularly with other partners to support his conclusion, pointing out that there were many, many others. And there was a closing example where the husband encouraged his wife's efforts. That struck gold with her, but it was just too far a horizon. It was healthier for her to think, given its publication in such an esteemed journal, that the case studies were fictions designed to attract women bored to death in dentist office waiting rooms and cause them to dwell on gang bangs. If so, it had worked.
That was in the back of her mind. The second, more obvious and current distraction was the fairly alluring woman at the adjacent pool table. Like the other women in the place, she wore typical beachwear: flip flops, short shorts, and a halter top. Just as Hayley did. She seemed to be a few years older, probably 32 or 33, and she was playing 8 ball with three men, one of whom Hayley judged likely to be her husband.
It begged the question. When you look at someone, or even know them casually, do you ever really know what type of person they are? She recalled the entertainment Steven and she had shared in Vegas several years earlier playing a guessing game about the women strolling into and out of Bellagio late at night with their partners. Were they dating? Married? Or was one a hired companion? Wedding rings weren't often observed, at least on both persons. And, at that time of night, "suggestive" clothing didn't necessarily point towards a particular option.
This wasn't Vegas. This was just a residential beach island with a good share of rental homes. There was nothing obvious that would suggest this woman was a "wanton wife." But that term came unbidden, dammit. Therewasa definite sensuality to her coupled with a casual familiarity she shared with all three men. She didn't behave like a wild thing. She didn't shake her booty or place her hands on the guys like a college freshman trying to be the center of attention. But all eyes were on her.
The guy with the wedding ring was clearly home base, but she did take an extended time to pose before each shot, allowing the other two men to give her "space" and gain an eyeful for themselves of her cleavage or her ass, as they chose. And she seemed to let her eye contact linger with each guy two beats longer than polite conversation would normally allow. She was giving them a message... and Hayley felt certain she could read it.
The crack of the balls scattering brought her back around to Steven, as she watched a stripe fall into the corner pocket on the break. She saw that the balls had conspired for a run and sighed. She caught sight of the other lady walking off to the restroom, and, well, she needed to go too. "Steven, you go ahead. You can play my turn, too, and help me out some. I need to go to the ladies room."
At the sink, the conversation wasn't difficult. In fact, the other woman started it. They traded names and the cities they were from. Hayley from Atlanta. Sandy from Asheville. "Hey, you're pretty good at pool," Sandy said.
"Ha. I can be when I practice. My husband can pick up where he left off even if he hasn't played in a year. I can't do that, but I enjoy playing when I get the chance. You here for the week?"
"Two, actually. My husband and I have got this week by ourselves, then the whole family tree descends on us starting Saturday," she said.
"That sounds great. We've got our whole family, eight adults and five kids in our house, which is one reason we went out tonight. And I really like this place. I have a lot of memories here. My family has been coming to the island since I was a kid, and I remember playing pool here with my sisters."
"It is a great place to vacation. We've been coming here for the past five or six years, but the Windjammer is our 'go to' place for drinks and getting in the mood."
"The mood?" Hayley asked, hoping to confirm her suspicions.
"Sure," Sandy said, "the beach mood. No work, great weather, surf and sand, enjoying our friends."
That didn't quite feel right, but Sandy had hinted at it. "Well, it's the beach. You don't have to come here for all that. Who are you with?" Hayley asked in a "just curious" tone.
"My husband, Mike. The other guys we met here over the years. They're a barrel of fun." Hayley detected a strengthening southern accent in Sandy.
"Good looking guys, too," Hayley offered, herwantonintuition wanting some satisfaction.
"That they are. That they are. We look forward to their company whenever we visit."
Hayley noted a certain innuendo as well as a tattoo on the inside of Sandy's wrist. "Ace of Spades? Cute. You play cards?"
Sandy smirked. "Well, yes, sometimes, if the company's right." She looked up at Hayley and added, "It doesn't mean what it always did. Google it." And she winked before leaving.
Hayley returned to the pool table to find herself winning, and soon after returned a wave to Sandy who was leaving with her entourage. On Steven's turn, Hayley's impatience drove her to pull out her cell phone. Google.Ace of spades. Nothing interesting. Second attempt,Ace of spades tattoo.Without having to click a link, she read from the"Urban Dictionary"- a calling card for white women who prefer black men. Damn! She nailed it! Her curiosity was piqued, but she also couldn't help but note a twinge of jealousy.
Hayley was much more comfortable talking to Steven about what Sandy might be up to rather than sharing her own fantasies. It was a good opportunity to tease, at the least, which could pay off in bed. As they walked to the beach house, she told Steven about the encounter with Sandy in the bathroom. Steven bought into her observations -- he had recognized that Sandy was on the make as well. And the Ace of Spades left him dumbfounded, shocked that women advertised for that.
At the beach house, they said good night to the family and entered their room. They both got turned on whenever they discussed sex... which wasn't often enough. As they started touching in bed, she decided to tell him about the article she hadglanced atand suggested Sandy was one of those types of women.
Steven took the bait on the article rather than her thoughts about Sandy. "So, my wife reads about wanton wives. I guess I'm not satisfying her in some way..."
She had the insight to understand more about Steven than he realized. For the first year of their relationship, he had asked her about her past lovers, and not just the general details. He had wanted to know about each sexual encounter in as much detail as she could recall. And, she didn't mind. It kept the memories fresh.
She had been quite the nympho then, and possibly had a small reputation. If there was a word to describe her past, "wanton" would fit. And while she knew that he might have been looking for reassurance that "I'm not lying when I say yours is bigger," the frequency of his questions and his need for details suggested he had a voyeuristic itch when she described those years. She could easily suggest that maybe they should try something new to satisfy him in that regard, but that kind of conversation just never happened, right?
She wasn't so much of a nympho now. Priorities shifted. Distractions were more plentiful. Time became more precious. Her orgasms these days were most often from her own fingers, and she suspected he managed his own needs just as frequently. They didn't share fantasies much anymore, but then, she never really had any of her own. It was easier just to read reader letters from age old PenthouseForumsandVariationsmagazines that he had found in a used bookstore early in their marriage. If he read them any longer, he hadn't said about the dogeared sections she preferred. Gang bangs did it for her. And group sex. Things that she had never done.
That article had taken her outside of those letters, though, and the idea of some number of guys ravaging her, fucking her in complete moral abandon, but not in an unkind way, preoccupied her mind. That worked for her. She and Steven hadn't watched an X-rated video in forever, never mind sought a streaming source, but she didn't need those for the visual payoff in her head, not one bit.
Her reflections were interrupted when she felt him slip inside her. She didn't have to help him. She waswet. "Am I not satisfying you, or were you lost in awantonfantasy?" he asked, hopefully.
"I think I'm tired of that word, already. But, yeah, imagining, you know, gang bangs or small group orgies.Notcheating, of course," she said.
He asked, "Ah, so you're married and don't think about your single days?"
"I live in the now," she said, her tongue flicking across his lips.
Steven asked, "And fantasize in the now, then. Does that make it more exciting?"
"I suppose so," she said.
"Well, it does for me. So, are you with complete strangers? Am I even there?" he asked, with a wicked grin and a delicious wiggle of his hips.
"I don't think about who they are, and I haven't thought about any of our friends that way. And, no, honey. You're always there. Except when you're not," she teased. She grinned at him and felt him swell within her. She squeezed his cock within her, "Did I touch a nerve?" she asked.
He was silent for few moments, and she was surprised that he was reluctant to talk about it. She decided not to give him a choice. "Honey, it's just a fantasy. What are yours these days? Are you being a bad boy?"
"I usually read stories," he said.
Good grief. He was making fun of her standard reply "Oh, come on," she said, "you used to have quite the imagination. What about?" she asked.
"For the last hour, a gang bang," he smiled. "But usually..."
"Wait," she interrupted. "Just to be clear. I'm assuming it's not you and a bunch of women, right?"
"Ha, no. I don't think I could manage that, but it's nice of you to suggest it. It's pretty much all about you, things you might do that turn me on."
"That sounds promising, like...?" she asked.
"Like tossing away how reserved we've become. Teasing, flashing your breasts somewhere and getting caught, like in a car passing a bunch of guys on the sidewalk or spreading your legs under a table in a restaurant where a guys at the bar could see your cunt."
Hayley thought about it briefly. "What I'm hearing is that I don't excite you as much."
"There's a sameness, sure, and I know you feel that too," he said. "Maybe the point is that as we get older, we get turned on by different things. Remember that time we had sex on the beach on Oak Island? That was lust. I like lusting after you."
Hayley remembered it, in the middle of the day. Fun. Rushed, but fun. And, they didn't get caught.
"I think you're leaving a type of story out," she said, drawing him out.
"Like what?"
"Like men who watch their wives with other men," she said, knowingly.
"Fuck!" he said. "How did you figure that?"
"Gee, like when you used to ask me to tell you about every detail with my past boyfriends," she said. Again, she felt him get larger inside her. "You'retherein your head. You're watching me. Tell me, husband," she said, then paused to nibble his lower lip, "why does that turn you on?"
"It makes me jealous, but in a good way. I don't dwell on the lucky guys who got to fuck you. It's watching you, in my head, showing off your body, enjoying sex, making a guy cum, using your body to take your pleasure."
Hayley was surprised. "That's, um... that's pretty much, well, exactly how I think about it, too. Roll over."
She squatted above his cock and began to impale herself. "Tell me, isn't the timing a bit risky," she asked, "to tell me, who you know is lately thinking about how much I would enjoy fucking a bunch of guys, that you fantasize about me doing just that?"
"Ah, right," he said, "in a vacation house stuffed with family. I'mreallyworried."
She smiled at him. "Fair point," she admitted. "So, what do you fantasize about that could be done in a house stuffed with family?"
"That's easy, actually," he said, rocking his hips to her pacing.
"Tell me," she demanded.
"You're tied to the bed posts, and I'm having my way with you."
"Details, jerk!"
"Like... I tease you and make you beg, then I fuck you at the pace I want, and then, when I'm about to cum... you sure you want to hear this?" he asked.
She stopped moving and gave him a hard look.
"Yeah, you made your point," he said. "Then I crawl up your body and cum all over your face and in your hair."
She could see he was trying to gauge her reaction. "I don't really like that," she said. "It leaves me a bit unsatisfied."
"You would, if it was a gang bang."
"Um." Well, yes. He had a point. "But, we're not having a gang bang here."
"Well, no, but you did let me, thatonetime. You closed your eyes, scrunched up your face as I came, smiled, then laughed. I remember it vividly. I never thought that would be theonlytime."
"And you think of that...?"
"Often."
Her intuition connected dots that had to be explored. "Steven, in your fantasy, is it you enjoying me tied up? Or are you thinking of some other guy having me that way?"
"It's definitely a dominance thing for me. But sometimes, sure, I imagine it's another guy who isn't as considerate, who you don't 'let' cum on your face. He just does it. I don't know why I like it, but I do."
"Oh fuck, that's hot." She hadn't meant to say that. "Okay, I'll let you do that again," she said. "No. Sorry. Whenever you want to do that, just do it. I didn't realize you liked it that much. But not in my nose. And, not tonight," she added. Happily, he was thrusting faster and harder. She could sense he was getting close.
She whispered, "You feel good, honey. I'm going to close my eyes now and imagine I'm riding someone else's cock. Watch me."
She slowed with the strokes and started wriggling her hips in slow circular motions. She felt his hands fondle her breasts. "Oh, baby, you feel so good up inside me. But, I'm afraid to really fuck you." She resumed her vertical strokes. She could hear his breaths, getting louder, his cock swelling inside her.
"I want to go down on you harder baby, but I have to ask my husband. Steven? You watching? Is it okay if he cums inside me?" She increased her pace, ramming her body down on his cock.
She felt his hand grasp her waist and plant her against him as he fucked into her. Steven didn't respond with words, and she knew he wasn't going to last. "Oh, well. Cum inside me, lover. It'll be our little secret."
"Yesssss..." escaped from him as his cock throbbed within her, filling her with his cum.
"Sorry," Steven said.
"Don't be sorry," she said. "It's not really sex unless he comes inside me."
"It isn't?" he asked.
"Nope. Condoms are for fucking, but sex is intimate. I can feel everything. Ilikesex."
"I... hadn't thought about it that way," he said. "I don't recall ever using a condom with you or hearing about a guy who did."
"Once was enough to know. Condoms are closer to sex than a vibrator, but only because someone it's someone else's."
Steven rolled off her and reached for a towel. She could roll over and finish herself off that way, but... She reached over and turned the bedside lamp on, brightening the room.
She wanted to play the scene out. "Steven, come here and look."
He looked at her quizzically, and saw that she had a finger on her clit. She nodded towards it. He turned to enjoy the show.
"No, not from there. Look closer," she said.
He leaned in. "Get between my legs and look. Close." She opened her legs wide. He moved to within a few inches of her finger. "Good.Thiscomes from sex."
She used her fingers to spread her lips and tightened her muscles to ensure a bit of cum came out.
"Honey, can you see the cum?"
He answered, "Yeah!"
"Some stranger just fucked me, but he didn't finish the job. I need you to make me cum."
With that, she locked her legs around him and used her hands to press his face to her cunt. He'd never tasted cum in their relationship, that she could recall anyway. He was great at oral sex though.
He seemed stunned for a few moments, then he tentatively licked her.
"I've been abadgirl," she said. "You still love me, don't you?"
He started licking her out in earnest. Whether or not he was into the fantasy didn't matter at that moment. It just felt sogood.
"That's it," she gasped. "Deeper." And then, "Good boy, get all his cum out." She kept her finger on her clit, rubbing it, and with his mouth pressed against her and his tongue deep within... she orgasmed. She took a pillow to bury her face and stifle the noise. She didn't want to test how thin the walls were. She kept one hand on his head to keep him there until her waves of pleasure had passed. When she arrived at something notably less than a sprinter's heartbeat, she removed the pillow, and remembered to unlock her legs.
Steven was looking at her in a way that might have expressed mixed emotions. Maybe. She encouraged him. "That," she said, "thatwas something else we can do in a house stuffed with family." She gave him a smile. "That was great. Fantastic. Thank you."
"There will be a facial," he said, "and a blowjob where you swallow. And it'll be when and where I want."
"Promises, promises. Ilikethis you," she said.
He rose to his knees, and his cock wasn't soft, she observed. "Honey?" she asked in a concerned voice. "Did you get all of it?"
He responded, "It's strange, isn't it? The things that turn us on? Get on your knees, my slutty wife. Another guy is ready to fuck you."
And he looked ready for it!
The next day began incredibly relaxed, the result of a comfortable intimacy from their conversation the night before and all that followed, including the satisfaction of sharing something new between them at a very unexpected time.
But it didn't take long before a tension built, evident in their idle looks on the beach or when they were eating. She couldn't be certain about Steven, but the fantasy... their mutual desire for something different... She couldn't help but weigh the possibility of a horizon where they ventured into some space where a slutty wife might go. Neither of them had said outright that they wanted that, but... she could feel it.
Wanton... She hadn't really felt sexually restrained. But being married didn't lead to her feeling unrestrained either. She had no desire to cheat on Steven, but the idea of casual sex with other men had clearly taken hold of her mind. It was another thing entirely to even consider how such a thing could happen. And with who? She had no idea. She didn't want her college reputation to carry with her as an adult, certainly, and the nuance between wanton and a slut frightened her. But it excited her more. Even though it was just bed talk, right?
That said, as she returned to her beach chair from cooling off in the ocean, she heard Steven mention to her sister that they were probably going to go for a walk on the beach some time after dinner and then go back to the bar and shoot some pool. They hadn't talked about returning to the Windjammer, but she found herself hoping for it. It just felt like the possibilities began there, figuring out more about Sandy. Fortunately, no one else invited themselves to tag along. And even if it came to nothing, it would likely lead to more good things in bed. And, she could probably help that along a little, she thought.
Isle of Palms was not brutally hot in June, as it was later in the summer, and as the temperature dropped in the evening, a light cover-up wasn't out of place for the constant breeze coming in off of the Atlantic. After saying "bye" to the family and descending the steps, Hayley stopped Steven and gave him a show of removing her coverup, tossing it on a chair by the side of the house.
Steven grinned. "Was this from that errand you ran late this afternoon?" he asked.
"Yep. You approve?" she asked.
"You're sure?" he asked, in a very hopeful tone.
"Rather wanton of me, don't you think?" she asked in turn.
"Sexy. Definitely sexy. This will be fun," he said.
It had occurred to Hayley that the attention that Sandy drew wasn't due solely to her nuanced movements. She had also been braless, though that hadn't been readily apparent as she was fairly flat chested, until she leaned over anyway. Hayley, on the other hand, was a 36C, plus a little.
She had bought a tan halter crop-top which exposed her abdomen to within an inch of her breasts. It didn't support her boobs, but rather revealed their natural form for all to see. It had a fairly deep V, and when she leaned over, the fullness of her breasts swelled in the gap. She hadn't been looking for something quite as provocative, but she hadn't not been either. She was suprised to find one in her size, as it was more popular with girls without as much boob.
The color almost matched her tanned skin, and the fabric was incapable of muting her hardened nipples. It would look scandalous in front of family. It was certainly daring for her. And it had all of Steven's attention. She had accessorized with a pair of tight jean shorts with a raw hem and barely an inseam. She didn't think they would fit if they were thrown into a dryer, but, as they were... they would leave little to the imagination when she played pool. In short, they were perfect. And, once again, she was frightened and excited.
A side benefit was winning at pool. She noticed Steven tended to put a hand in his pocket when he wasn't shooting, positioning his hardening cock, she hoped. Aww. All Hayley could do for the poor guy was to bend just a little further when she was taking her shots, pleased that he moved around the table accordingly to get a good view. It wasn't like she was playing any better. He was playing worse, but she was pleased regardless.
The crowd had started thin but filled as they played on. The bartender brought her a daiquiri and Steven a beer. "Drinks from someone who wants to remain anonymous. He's hoping you stay a while. Careful, he ordered you a double," the bartender said. "Enjoy."
She took a sip. It was good. And powerful. She looked to the bar to give an appreciative nod, but several guys were looking at her. There was no indication of who sent it. She smiled anyway, and took another sip.
"You've got a number of fans," Steven said, standing beside her. The Windjammer had a bar, lots of TVs, a stage area for bands, and a good number of tables. As the place filled, it left more people standing in groups, chatting, laughing and, she saw, often gazing her way. Quite a number of guys seemed pleased to meet her eyes and smile. It kept her nipples perky, the whole gang bang thing in front of her, on the cusp of reality if she were to just take a step towards it. And... her game suffered at that point.
Then Sandy entered, with the guy she figured as her husband. Hayley was certain she'd gather others around her, that she would do what Hayley could not, which was to take that first step.
"Got a dare for you." This time, it was Sandy who followed Hayley to the restroom.
"Oh, yeah? What's that?" Hayley replied.
"No one around will be the wiser. Well, that may not true. Someone who's been watching you close might notice your panties aren't visible above your jeans when you bend over. Anyway, take them off and hand them to your husband."
"And, why would I do that?" Hayley asked.
"Because, I can just tell. You're both wanting something, some sort of excitement, and neither one of you does anything about it. So, do something." Sandy had a warm smile and just seemed an entirely pleasant person, which seemed more matronly, if anything, rather than the sexy way she acted around guys.
"I thought I was doing something. Bra-less wasn't enough?"
Sandy smiled. "Yeah. That was a good move. You've caught the lustful eye of every guy in the place, whether he's hitched or not. Trust me. It doesn't matter if you're older or younger or how long you've been together. They want you to be sexy for them. And if you don't, you risk getting bored with each other."
Hayley thought for a moment. She was taking a chance already. A big one, should someone from her family walk in. "So, I need toactlike a slut?"
"Heck, no. Slutty is for when sexy doesn't work. You've got lots of sexy in ya. The important thing is to tease him, even if you do that by teasing others. You've scored on that already by coming in like that. Score a touchdown. Hit a home run. Hand him your panties. It'll be in his head that you left with even less clothes on... and here's the important thing... in a room full of guys who want to hit on you."
And like that, her nipples were hard again. In the women's bathroom! Sandy just stood there, though. Waiting, with a "don't test me" look on her face. "Off with them. Now." In front of her, or in a stall? There was hardly room. So, Hayley stripped her jean shorts over her sandals, removed her panties, and restored her shorts under Sandy's watchful and, she noticed, admiring eye.
Or not. "You've got the good and the bad. You're cute as a button down there, but Hanes? Really? On a date night? You wearHanes? Hand them here," she said. Sandy reached into her purse and found a tiny pair of scissors. With two snips, she cut them at the inseam, then up the front and back to the banding. "There, now you got a dance skirt," she said.
Hayley held the remains. "But they're comfortable!" she said.
Sandy made an exasperated sigh. "You tell him that with all the attention you're getting, they might just get in the way."
"I can't..."
"BS! And if I see you again, you better not be wearing anything under the hood. At your age, you should know already how to live in a man's head."
It was her turn. It had to be why Sandy was lingering in the restroom.
"Alright. I'll do it. But answer me, you get into the heads of how many guys?" she asked.
She smiled. "As many as I want. Flirt a little, joke about sex a little, tell them what you want so they don't have to work up the nerve to ask, and there you go. Guys are guys. They'reeasy. It's your own head that's the problem, and it doesn't matter if you're trying to attract your husband or some other good looking fellow. But you gotta want it, and you gotta make it happen. Starts here," she said, pointing to her brain. "And if you don't, you'll get old fast waiting for them to figure it out for themselves." Sandy moved to the door, but turned once more. "Hey," she said, "Good looking guy you got there." She gave her a grin and a wink before she left.
She took Sandy's advice. She positioned herself so that Sandy could watch... and Sandy was standing where she could watch, Hayley noticed. But she wasn't going to be secretive about it. As Sandy said, it starts with her. "Steven, the way these guys are looking at me, you should take these. They might just get in the way later." He reached out reflexively and looked confused at what he saw. He held them long enough to figure out it was her underwear, and she was sure anyone else would figure it out too.
She leaned close and whispered, "One more game, and as you watch me, I want you to think about how one of every five gangbang stories happens in a bar, just like this. And stop blocking their view of my tits."
It might have been wiser not to distract him. As neither of them could concentrate, the game took far longer than it should. Another daquiri arrived, and she felt obligated to drink it, which required another game. At one point, she caught Sandy smiling at her. With the crowd nearby, it was almost a private moment, and Hayley found herself wanting her mentor's approval. She undid her jeans button and lowered her zipper an inch. Sandy just gave her a flick of her head suggesting more, and Hayley lowered it another half inch. Sandy nodded and smiled.
She turned, facing the pool table in front of her and the bar beyond. Wherever her glance landed, she seemed to find a pair of male eyes locked on her. Locked on her eyes, her nipples, or now her abdomen. She glanced herself, and saw that everyone would know she shaved her pubic area at least. She kicked her head back and smiled into her drink as she took a big sip.
This, she thought, is the scene where the bartender closes the bar except for her and whatever guys he wanted to stay behind. Her nipples actually ached and she was dripping...dripping!... wet.
She caught a breeze or something that brought her back to the moment. She glanced towards Sandy and saw that Sandy had again attracted a couple more guys to play pool, one of them tall, muscular and black. It made her catch her breath.
Steven stepped in. "It's time to go," he said.
"Oh," she said, "You having ahardtime with this?" She was a little woozy, she found.
"I'm planning on showing you one," he said, as he guided her to the exit.
"I happen to know a place," she said.
Most, but not all, of the rental houses were occupied, including the ones adjacent to theirs. She had an itch that needed to be scratched, and sex on the sand wasn't optimal, never mind the sand crabs that came out at night. They walked down the beach, escaping the light from the commercial area. She found the walkway number on the waste can that she knew to be near a vacant house and followed the path through the dunes.
In the day, it was magnificent, a large home with open spaces, multiple levels of decks and a swimming pool, one of the millionaire homes that had all but replaced the simpler homes from decades ago. There were security lights at the ground level, but otherwise the house was dark.
She led Steven up to the main deck. No one could be seen or heard at the neighboring houses, but she was pretty sure they were occupied based on the cars she had seen in the driveway during the week. Sadly, there weren't any chaise lounges or other cushions around, so her preference, to ride his cock mercilessly, wasn't going to work.
Plan B didn't take a lot of thought. She cast off her sandals and unzipped the remaining length of her jeans, allowing them to fall at her feet. She put her hands on the railing, spread her legs wide, and offered herself to her husband. Steven had been hesitant about going onto someone else's property, but he seemed to have moved past that. He dropped his pants and rammed his cock inside her just as fast as she hoped and as hard as she needed.
The sound of his balls slapping against her, the ocean breeze in her face, the feel of his cock pounding her... heavenly. As it went with Steven sometimes, he came within her while she was wanting more. She hadn't managed to orgasm, so she took the matter into her own hands, using one arm to rest her head on while using the other to finger herself while standing. Steven's cock soon slipped out, spent, leaving her still with a need.
She slipped her fingers between her legs, touching her clit and vulva in just the right way, her fingers wet with cum. She imagined that she was in the bar, still, slipping her hand inside her partly opened shorts while the men watched. She didn't have to fantasize what their lustful gazes would look like. She had already seen them. They had wanted her, their looks obvious. And it didn't take much to imagine several of them pulling their cocks out and jerking off while she put on her show. She finally arrived at her orgasm, and she didn't try to suppress her moans.
No lights came on nearby, no voices were heard. Probably a good thing. When she caught her breath, she reached for her shorts, but was surprised to see Steven removing his shirt, then standing there, stark naked. The moon wasn't full, but there was enough light to appreciate his physique... was he thinking of a skinny dip?
"Take your halter off," he said, firmly.
She did. And stood with him, naked. "Remember our fantasy last night?"
"There were a number of them, as I recall," she said. "None of them involved us being naked on a deck."
He gathered their clothes and dropped them over the railing to... wherever they landed. That surprised her. Then he led her around to the side of the deck where another set of steps connected to a higher level. She could see over the dunes in the distance and roughly make out the white surf at the edge of the water.
"Your clothes are somewhere else. You're naked. The stars are out, it's not a cloudy night, and the moon reveals your nakedness," he said.
It was true. And with the warm breeze full of ocean saltiness, it feltgreat.
"Someone will see you," he continued, "if they cross the dunes where we came through. Or if someone returns next door and glances our way."
He paused, letting her soak in the environment. She was silent, knowing there was more to come.
"Maybe they're home and looking through a darkened window. They could see your breasts, your ass, your face right now. Maybe they heard you getting fucked, or heard you moaning." He stepped behind her, standing close, reaching to support her breasts. "Maybe a bunch of locals will take the path, done with night surfing. Maybe it's some stoners. Maybe it's a bunch of guys here for a party weekend. You can't hide now, and it's like I'm showing them your breasts. Here they are, guys, step right up! My wife's awesome breasts. And fellas, the state she's in, she'll let you suck on them. And more."
She could feel his cock stiffen against her, but so soon? Wherever this was leading, it definitely turned him on. She didn't understand where this was going. Did hewantsomeone to see her? ...to touch her? They hadn't spoken the words, and she couldn't bring herself to ask. The wetness working down her inner thighs betrayed their wants, she thought. But words...
He backed off, slightly, and began nibbling at her neck, one hand swirling her hair away from an ear. Then his hands traced their way down her sides, followed by his lips, until he stopped at her rear end. Gently. Lovingly.
"Spread your legs again and lean against the rail. Rest your head on your arm," he said. She complied.
"Good. Let those beautiful breasts hang." He didn't grope, but softly caressed them from behind her, then she felt him position himself to re-enter. She lent a hand and helped guide him inside her. His cock seemed, fatter... not soft, but not fully hard either. Still, it feltgood. He began a slow rhythm, causing her breasts to sway. It was...
Steven interrupted her thoughts. "Did you see the tall black guy that came to see Sandy?" he asked.
"Yes." How could she not? He was the only black guy in the place, lean and muscular and, though she didn't reallylookat black guys, she admitted he was good looking.
"Did you see him grab her butt when he hugged her? Like his hand belonged there? I guess he's the Ace of Spades."
"I'm sure he is," she managed. One of them, anyway. Steven seemed...biggerinside her.
"Can you imagine?" he whispered. She felt him reach around and softly run the back of his hands against her nipples, which were now achingly hard. She whimpered. She could imagine. Yes, she could.
"Can you imagine..." His pause made Hayley think he was just repeating himself, working his way up to fucking her more forcibly. "Can you imagine..." She heard a tension in his voice. "...her husband watching as she took in a black cock?"
Her motor was running. She looked back and said, "Yessss."
He didn't pick up the pace, aggravatingly. "Can you imagine," he repeated, "being right here where all the world might see, while Sandy and her friends join us? With you bent over and begging to be fucked?"
"Fuck me harder, please," she begged.
"The funny thing is that they don't even ask you. They ask me," he said. "They ask me if it's okay for them to fuck this gorgeous body of yours, a body I've imagined fucking someone else for years. And I look at you, waiting... positioned just like this, your cunt hurting for cock. You're afraid I'll sayyes, and afraid I'll sayno, aren't you? They're naked too. Their cocks are hard. It's really simple for them. Yes, and they fuck you. No, and they go somewhere and fuck Sandy. Don't think of this as a fantasy. It's real. It's happening with a word. So, which is it? Do I sayyes, orno?"
She knew he wanted an answer from her. Still, she waited for him to just continue the story, to spare her.
Steven spoke again. It wasn't the suggestive story tale voice he had been using. It was flat, and comparatively loud. "Yes or no, do you want them to fuck you while I watch?"
Hayley breathed hard. It was confusing. She wanted it, and she was afraid of it. Steven pinched her nipples, firmly.
"Do you want more cock than what's inside you now? Do you want to show me just how much sex you can handle? Yes, or no?"
"Stop, I can't." she said. "This isn'tfair."
"No, it's not. 'Fair' doesn't have any influence on whether you fuck other guys. But here I am, asking you the question.Yes, orno?"
She knew the answer. She'd known it all along. The only question was the cost, but the risk wasn't entirely up to her. She let it go, the sudden exhalation a relief. "Yes," she said, "I do."
"I thought so. But I have to be sure because you're the most important person in my life. Do you want me to tell them that it's okay to fuck you?"
"Yes, Steven. Iwantit. I didn't realize how much, but I don't want to hurt you, or hurt us."
"Me either, so I'll ask a third and final time, and it counts. You can opt out. You're putting the possibility in my hands. This is real, not a story." Steven withdrew his cock and turned her around, looking in the eyes. "If the opportunity arises, whether it's with one guy or a group of guys, will you fuck them... to please me?"
She took a breath and paused to appreciate the snapshot of the moment. The breeze, the sound of waves crashing in the distance, their nakedness, his hands holding hers, Steven's eyes looking within her soul.
"Yes. Final answer. I'll do anything to please you, even if it's not something I want.Anything. But understand that this is something that I want for me, too."
"That makes it even better. I liked the way you dressed tonight, for sure," he said. "And, I hope that it isn't just something you'll do at the beach. This... whateverthisis... is something we do together, agreed?"
"I'm scared of what it may do to us," she said.
"I can't say that I'm not. But I'm more excited about this change in you. And in me. I've wanted to watch you for thelongesttime."
"I know. I've known. But if we were to try this, would it be wiser to do this with one person rather than a group, just to see how it goes, if we're okay with it?" she asked.
"Well," Steven replied, "if it isn't, I'd rather that memory be a bunch of guys."
Hayley gave a small laugh. "Actually, me, too," she said.
Steven added, "We've been sleepwalking sexually. And, what you wore tonight... I want more of that. I want more of being the guy with the woman that everyone wants. And I really do want to watch you take on any number of guys. If it should happen, don't worry about what I'll think. I want you to focus on thoroughly satisfying yourself."
"What are you going to think when..."
"When what?" he asked.
"Boundaries. Like when some guy is fucking me really good, and I tell him to cum inside me?" She saw his cock twitch as she asked, and she reached a hand out to grasp it. "Tell me."
"I hope he blows your mind. I hope you cry out in pleasure when you feel him shoot inside you. And I hope you leave him exhausted and empty."
"Really?" she asked.
"Babe, why wouldn't I want the best for you in everything?"
Hayley smiled at him for that perfect answer. "And I want that for you. I was serious that I will do anything for you," she said, adding "Sexually. I'mnotmowing the yard."
"Anything?" he asked.
"I think so," she said. "If it turns you on, why wouldn't I do it? I trust your judgment."
"So... let me check that. You may not be wearing a bra much."
"If it doesn't... No. I was going to say if it didn't embarrass me, but that's wrong. I said I trust your judgment. So, it's really about not embarrassing you. I'll wear or not wear whatever you want, wherever and whenever that is. But there has to be sex in it for me. So, that's my only condition. Well, wait. There's two. It shouldn't put me in jail."
"What if I have the guys over to watch a football game. No bra?"
"Honey, I can't imagine you actually wanting that. But all those gang bang stories? They're usually with friends and acquaintances. If you want me to fuck your friends, right now I think I'd enjoy it. So if you want me to just tease them, I'll wear as little as you like. But they'reyourfriends. That's where I'll trust your judgment, the real-life implications."
"So," Steven said. "This wanton thing. You'll fuck anyone I want you to fuck."
Hayley nodded.
"But just people I want you to fuck," he added.
She thought about that and an idea settled in her mind. "Yep, whether they know it or not," she said.
"I, uh, huh. That's interesting. Like I gift you to somebody? Without me there?" he asked.
"Honey, we'll figure it out. I'd hope I'd either like any guy you choose or not know them. All those stories, they sound like great fun for me. If they turn you on to the point of wanting to do any of them, I'm game.Anythingyou want. But that said, maybe we ought to know how we feel about it the first time before you get carried away with ideas," she said.
"That's..."
"A good idea," she finished. "And, if it works out, I hope you have lots of other ideas. The hard part, really, is you figuring out how to bring about an occasion where there's other people for me to fuck," she said, smiling. "Now, enough standing around. You're hard and I'm wet. Fuck me like all your friends are watching. Hard."
He did. People walking on a path a few houses away stopped and cheered. And she screamed in pleasure as her orgasm swept through, even as the lights came on at the house next door and a couple walked onto their deck, shouting encouragement... and then watching and laughing as they made their way down to find their clothes.
The next day continued with the routine of the family beach vacation. Get up whenever, eat breakfast, sit around and play Yahtzee with whoever wants to play, suit up, put on some lotion, pack some drinks and snacks, and head to the beach. That's a weird thing about being around family. It doesn't leave time to have an intimate conversation.
And... the day after kind of paled. How could it not? The bar, the agreement, even the other couple watching them walk naked, searching in the sand for their clothes couldn't sustain a feeling of eroticism when hauling coolers, beach chairs and toys with the family.
And, although they had talked a great game, the reality of all the things inanythingshe had agreed to actually happening was nowhere to be seen. Life wasn't a story. And it allowed second questions to fester. Had they been caught up in the moment? Had they considered the short and long-term impact on their marriage? Was it even safe? Would people find out? Would she get that reputation again? Would they lose friends? The doubts didn't whisper. They shouted in her ear.
After body surfing in the waves, playing Frisbee, and doing the family thing, Steven asked if she wanted to go for a walk. She wasn't one to lie still in the sun and bake when there was another option. Hmm. Towards the pier and the more crowded public beach area? Or toward the far end of the island, with the sporadic beach goers who were renting houses?
Steven chose the pier, explaining that at some point during the walk he suspected her nipples would harden and more people might take notice. It wasn't ananythingmoment, so she took his hand and led him away from the crowds instead.
They walked in silence for maybe a quarter of a mile, enjoying the surf and sand, picking at shells, each to their own thoughts. Then Steven got it started.
"Our trip is running shorter," he said.
She knew he wasn't just talking about the beach rental coming to a close in three days. Three days meant three nights, and the last night would be busy packing suitcases. That left two nights. Two nights for... what? She had admitted that she could be led to infidelity... just as he had admitted, in his way, that he could lead her there. But without a plan, it seemed a futile thought, even if it had been exciting to imagine.
"Is it wrong that I want to go back?" she asked. She wondered briefly if he understood her to mean the Windjammer rather than back to where the family was gathered on the beach.
Steven shook his head. "No. It's the only tangible example we have that it's even possible."
Hayley leaned into Steven for a kiss. It was a hot, wet one. No one was nearby, and their hands roamed freely. She could feel his hardness pressing against her.
"Well, you can just go ahead and lose tonight, and if nothing happens, maybe we can find another vacant house," she said.
"Win or lose," Steven said, "you've already said you'll doanything. Your ass is mine."
"Promises, promises," she said.
It was a great disappointment when, after an hour at the bar, there was still no sign of Sandy. Steven's lecherous glances at Hayley's breasts still made it fun, though. Some of the younger women had been wearing bikini tops on other nights, so she hit the local surf shop and bought the string variety, a neon orange that was neither modest nor scanty. It was a family beach after all. Still, it showed a lot of boob flesh, she had the body for it, and Steven obviously approved.
Her nipples were rock hard, again, and the fabric did little to control them. She was getting looks from all ages, and they didn't seem to be of the judgmental variety, even from the seasoned citizens. Well, it was a bar. Happily, the free drinks were showing up from the bartender again. Whether he was a fan or they were from someone else, she didn't know.
A Sandy no-show, logic would say, would likely to be for the best. It was the fates again, a decision of circumstance rather than having to make a decision. But that wasn't satisfying. She wanted, needed even, Sandy to show.
Then she noticed Steven nod his head towards the entrance, where a familiar man appeared. Surprisingly, he walked right up to them and introduced himself as Mike, Sandy's husband, and asked to talk to Steven privately outside.
As the minutes stretched, Hayley became much more sensitive to how conspicuous she was. In addition to almost a healthy reveal of her breasts, per Sandy's "suggestion," she wasn't wearing panties. She had opted for a pair of white shorts. They were short, hung low on her hips, and when she leaned over, her tan was visible through the thin fabric. It was obvious to her, at least, that she wasn't even wearing a G-string. And here she was playing pool alone in a bar at 10:00 p.m.
One young twentyish would-be stud approached and asked if she needed company, asked in a way in which his intent was clear. It was cute the way he almost made eye contact while taking in her body. "I would," she said, holding the cue between her legs and squeezing her boobs slightly while chalking the tip, "but as the ring shows, I'm married and my husband should return shortly. If he doesn't though..."
She looked him up and down and gave him a wink. His eyes opened wide and then rushed off, probably to tell his friends how he almost scored. She remembered Sandy's words, "Flirt a little, tell them what you want, and enough get caught on your hook soon enough." Well, it would be easy, if she had the nerve. He was younger, but he was attractive and legal. But... it would have to be what Steven wanted. Still, just the idea that Steven might point to anyone... It made her motor run and kept her nipples hard.
Steven finally returned with a pleased look, but he said he wouldn't talk until later, insisting that he wanted to watch her a little longer. So, she stretched... and leaned over... and took a very deep breath... and he lost a couple of very quick games before suggesting that they go for a walk.
As she approached the rear entrance, the twenty something moved closer to the door and gave her a great smile. As she passed, she felt his hand on her butt and then felt a long finger rub between her legs. She looked over her shoulder and gave him a naughty look and a wink. His friends whooped it up. A different time, a different location... she would have knocked his teeth out. But tonight...
With no one looking, she reached a finger as well, finding her shorts wet at the crotch. Damn. The whole episode made her wonder who she was, who she was becoming. This wasn't like her at all. Steven, for his part, didn't even notice.
The walk back to the beach house was a very slow one. It was funny how a walk on a sidewalk at the beach became the venue for discussing plans for an orgy. It wasonfor the next night. She couldn't believe it. How had it happened?
They talked about their feelings, again.
"I'm as jealous as my cock is hard," he said. He gave her a look. "Don't ask. It's very, very hard."
"We don't have to..."
"No," he interrupted. "I know. Part of it is giving away what has been mine to enjoy for years, and only mine. And I don't like how it will make me look. What do others guys think of a guy who shares his wife?"
"I don't know," she replied, "but I'd like to think they'd be grateful. They don't have tofeelanything about it. Our relationship, or why we're doing this, isn't their problem. It shouldn't be complicated for them, as long as they understand we both want it to happen. But this is where you have to make the decision. I want to do this, but it's not about one of us. I said I'll do anything foryou, not for me."
"I know, and I'm not backing away. As you said, we have to try it once, and I really, really want to go through with it. Hopefully you won't think I'm sick in some way for wanting to watch..."
"Let's test that," she said. She led him to a house that was dark, with no cars in the driveway or parked underneath. There wasn't a sign that it was being used. "Let's take care of that." She unbuttoned his shorts and pulled them down. She took his cock in her hand and began giving him a blowjob."
"No," he said. "I want to cum on your face so bad, right now. But, I think I'm going to need to save it for tomorrow."
She was a little surprised, but it made sense from a macho thing, she supposed. She held his cock and licked the head. "Look at me," she said. He did. She licked his shaft between each word as she spoke. "Anything. Anytime. Anywhere."
And she had thought Wednesday was slow. Thursday was the slowest day, ever. It was fun doing the beach, of course, but a nervous energy ran through her all day. Hayley had spent a lot of time in the bathroom before dinner. She only had her imagination for what was coming, but she wanted to be a clean and smooth from head to toe. Modesty wasn't a real possibility, she knew. After bathing, shaving, grooming, and rubbing in lotion, she put on just enough eye shadow to make her look... ready. Like she wasn't there by accident. Otherwise, there wasn't much need for makeup, she decided. And she hoped that the guys didn't expect sexy lingerie and high heels. She didn't pack those in a suitcase for the beach.
Steven told her what he wanted her to wear. Blue jean shorts and a light blue sleeveless button up blouse. Had she worn a bra, should could have worn it to a church function. It was more than obvious that she wasn't. Altogether, it was just indecent enough that they had to sneak out of the house.
Mike and Sandy picked them up a block away from the house and drove them to the Boat House, a popular restaurant on the island with a view of the marsh. They enjoyed dinner in the restaurant, just talking, getting to know each other. The din didn't lead to easily hearing others' conversation, but they avoided talking about what was to come. Afterwards, they went to the deck, got drinks and watched as the sun set over the marsh. She summed it up as it was time to go. "This has been incredibly nice. And surreal, having dinner with a man who is going to..." She didn't finish the sentence.
"Yes," Mike said. "Yes I am."
"I just want to make sure that you're sure, honey." said Sandy. Sandy was driving, and Steven and Mike were in the back seat. Hayley nodded in answer to the unspoken question. "Cause it's fine by me. Honestly, I need a night off. We only had one extra guest last night, but night after night wears on me, not that I'm complaining."
"How many tonight?" Hayley couldn't stop herself from asking. Steven hadn't known.
"Three. Plus, Mike and Steven. You okay with that?"
Hayley nodded again.
"Steven, you okay with that?" Sandy asked.
"Yes, until proven wrong," he said, with a nervous laugh.
There was another burning question she had. "Is the black guy we saw at the Windjammer one of the three?"
"Dwayne. No, though he was a lot of fun last night. Why?" she asked, grinning.
"Just, you know..." Hayley asked.
"Uh huh, I do. Dwayne would fit your imagination, but he can't make it tonight," Sandy said.
"Okay, that's fine," Hayley said. "I think that might be on my fantasy bucket list. Steven, is it on yours?"
"I... yes, absolutely," he said.
"Well, trust me. Other than color, you won't be disappointed tonight. Alright. Got a safe word, one that won't come up in conversation?" Sandy asked.
The name of the most aggravating woman she knew came to mind. "Matilda," Hayley said, smiling.
"That's a good one, I guess," Sandy said.
"It's my mom's name," said Steven. "And, no, it won't come up."
Mike chimed in, from behind her. "I just want to review with you what Steven agreed to last night. It's not too late to make changes, but I'll need to let everyone know."
"Okay," said Hayley. "Steven didn't tell me I had options. I'm curious to hear what they are, but I'll do whatever Steven wants. That's our deal."
"Okay. We trust these guys, and we've partied with them before. So, number one. All of our cell phones stay on the kitchen counter. We don't want you to worry about being a reluctant star on the internet. We don't want to be there either, but Sandy can use yours to record whatever you want, without our faces in it. Also, Sandy has a Fuji camera that prints like a Polaroid. Same policy on faces except for yours. Any picture that has your face in it will be yours to keep, but the guys might get a few souvenir shots of the anonymous ones. That okay?"
It was like a legal contract. "Sure, but Steven gets first pick."
"Of course, no one will be in a rush. Number two, Steven said no condoms were okay." Mike paused, making sure Hayley understood the implications.
"Good," she said. "Condoms get in the way."
"A girl after my own heart," added Sandy.
Mike continued, "Alright, we like it better that way too. And he said he hopes some of us cum on your face."
"He would," she said, as she looked back at Steven. "I can't believe this is going to happen."
Steven nodded. "I get that guys cumming inside of you is what turns you on the most, but that's something I don't really get to see," said Steven.
"Got it. We'll see which you like better after the night is over," teased Hayley.
Sandy added, "He has no idea. Mike about exploded the first time he watched. About every time, actually."
"It's definitely a lot to take in and process. And, finally, limits," said Mike.
"I'm not sure what you mean. I'm not here to make love. They can use me any way they want, and I want hard, mad sex. But I don't want to be injured or abused."
"Okay, good. That's the way Sandy and I play, too. Now, the pace. They, well, we usually like to enjoy the full evening, and Sandy can tell you, after a few hours, you'll probably be done. But if you want it hard and fast by everyone, we can do that. Otherwise, we kind of take our time, and we honestly like to watch, too."
"That sounds... better than a porn movie, actually," she said. A silence followed. "I'm so glad this is happening."
Sandy reached an arm and placed it on her thigh. "Don't worry. They're good. They're fun. They get super excited when I come to town. It takes a different type of person to do this, and none of them are married to a person like me. And, they're super excited to have you tonight. I can tell you're ready. And I'll be there, too."
"And lastly," said Mike, "Steven said I can remove your top and fondle your breasts on the way."
"I didn't!" Steven laughed. "But, yeah! Do it!"
"Ah, my protector," said Hayley, shaking her head.
She quickly unbuckled, and in short order, she was topless in the front seat of a car, tossing it in the backseat with the guys. A first. Well, in a moving car anyway. She heard a window lowering and just caught a notion of her blouse being tossed to the roadside.
"I liked that top!" she said in fake anger. It did create a problem when she returned home, but for now she felt... how? Naked. Flirty. Turned on. Determined. And hot, when she thought of five guys.
Mike began caressing one breast while tweaking a nipple with his other hand. She looked back at Steven over her shoulder. She didn't have to ask if he was upset. He smiled, enjoying the show. It would get far more interesting from here. "Fuck, I'm already wet," she said.
"Well, Mike," said Sandy, "I guess they're serious."
They parked under the house, and Steven sweetly held her hand to help her out of the car. She quickly realized that her naked breasts, lit up by the house lights, drew him like a moth to the flame. And if someone in the passing cars happened to look... well, that was the least of her worries.
Steven pulled her aside to whisper in her ear, "You're amazing me already. I love you. But this isn't about love. I want to see you fuck every one of these guys, and I want you to enjoy it. And as much as I can, and as often as I can, I want to see them cum in your pussy."
He knew she didn't like the term, "pussy." It sounded cheap to her.Like a commodity, but... "Itispussy tonight, isn't it? I don't think either one of us will recognize it later," she said smiling.
"I hope not," he added.
Hayley drew in a deep breath as they began to go up the steps. She was very self-conscious about not wearing her top to the first floor, where all the world could see her due to all the lights. She didn't cover up, though. If she faltered with just that, a future life of regrets might close in on her. She wouldn't disappoint Steven or, more importantly, herself.
Once inside, they took another set of steps to the next floor where they found the kitchen and main den area. Large glass windows facing the beach would offer a superior view, during the day, she mused. It was a house that would forever be out of their price range, and it was nicely appointed as well.
"Quite the house for a gang bang," Hayley mused.
"Yes, and memories," added Sandy.
There was no real point in speculating what the reaction would be walking into a house topless, breasts jiggling, meeting strangers who were there solely to fuck her. It allowed her a certain sense of self-confidence and, for that matter, belonging. After all, she was the guest, the star of the show. The only question would be who directed the action: the guys, her... Sandy? She wasn't sure how this would roll.
They weren't shy about introducing themselves as Jeremy, Cliff and Jim. "Big Jim," Sandy corrected. They were almost undressed, with underwear or shorts and loose tiki shirts. She supposed itwasa party for them.
They surrounded her, along with Mike, taking long looks at her, excitedly commenting on everything from her feet to how cute her ears were. And her breasts, of course. The way they went about it actually warmed her. There was kindness in the way they appreciated her, not crudeness.
"So," she asked, "first timer. How does this go?"
Big Jim walked behind her, wrapped an arm around her waist and carried her like a sack of groceries through the kitchen area to the great room at the rear.
The furniture had been moved aside to make room for two king-sized mattresses side by side with fitted sheets. A good number of towels were folded nearby, and pitchers of iced water and lemonade were set on a table with glasses.
She looked around, taking it in. "Well, the stage is set, I see. What, no liquor?" she asked, jokingly.
"If you need liquor at this point, you might be in the wrong place," said Mike. "But we have some if you need to take the edge off."
"No," she said, "I won't need that. I want to remembereverything." She had lost her sandals while Big Jim carried her, leaving her in just her denim shorts. She found Steven standing to a side, like her, taking it all in. She caught his eye and raised an eyebrow, implyinglast chance, fella.
He walked up to her, smiling, and gave her a really,reallygood kiss. "Anything. No stepping away from this." He stepped behind her, reached around and unfastened her shorts. Without a word, her shorts fell to the floor.
The other four guys were in front of her, taking in her most private area.
Big Jim was surprisingly cordial. "Steven, Steven, what afinegift you've brought to us tonight!"
Sandy had stepped around to see as well. She made awhooshsound as she checked her out. "You sure you're ready for this, hon?" she asked, "because you look as fresh as a virgin."
It wasn't like she hadn't had sex before. She raised her arms and slowly turned around, giving the guys a nice view of her ass, before completing the circle. Still, they stood their gawking at her.
She briefly placed a finger between her legs, testing her wetness. "Apparently, I am ready," she said. She took a few steps to stand on a mattress. "You guys draw straws or what?" she asked.
It was a call to action. They all stepped forward to put their hands on her, to caress her breasts, her hips, the inside of her thighs... She shivered at the touch of so many hands. Goose bumps tickled her flesh.
She felt a gentle pressure on her shoulder suggesting that she should get down on her knees. She didn't care for the delicate treatment. She plopped right down.
"Okay, guys. I'm not a virgin, but I'm new to being a sex toy. You don't have to be gentle with me. Tell me what you want or... don't bother. Just take me."
Jeremy stepped in front of her and said, "Good, then suck this." He shed his shirt. He was mid 20's, wiry. He had a dark tan down to the middle of his shins, suggesting work boots, and similar tan lines around his neck and arms. A construction worker?
His cock pressed against his boxers. She ran her fingers up his trunks, drew them down, and his cock sprang forward. A nice one. A really nice one. Circumcised. Longer than Steven's by more than an inch. Jeremy's was about the same thickness, too. Steven had never asked, but he had to have known that of course he hadn't been the biggest. This would feelgood.And she wagered that Steven had probably hoped for this too. If he had any real jealousy issues, at this point, that was his problem. Not hers. Not hers at all.
She looked up at him, and said, "I can't wait to feel this inside me." After taking a few moments to appreciate his size, she did what girls do in the movies, or, what she used to do a lot a number of years earlier.
She kept her eyes on his while she licked the length of his cock. She nibbled on his balls and sucked on them. She teased his tip with her tongue. And then she took him inside her mouth. She sucked and used her tongue as well as she could manage. She withdrew and was pleased to see pre-cum appearing. She gave it a little lick... delicious.
She strengthened her grip and gave strong short strokes as she fucked his cock with her mouth.
Jeremy suddenly withdrew. "Whoa! Whoa!" he said, and backed away. "It's too soon for that!"
"Okay," she said. She found another erect cock waving in front of her.
It was a performance, for now, at least. A thought crossed her mind. "Sandy, can you use my phone to take some video? I may or may not do this again, and..."
Sandy smiled and said, "On it!"
Cliff was attached to the cock in front of her. He was short, or about her height, 5' 7", short in height and... stature, she observed as she uncovered him. But thick. Ever so thick, with a tight but quart sized sack of balls. She looked up at Cliff, who already seemed to be hyperventilating. Sandy was there recording.Play the fantasy, be the cunt,she told herself. "Are you going to cum for me, Cliff?" she asked as she gave his balls a hard lick.
"You're going to have to earn it," he said enthusiastically.
It was work. He was certainly hard, but his shaft was squishy, too, like he had a fat layer. And he wasn't a fat person. As tight a grip as she could get, it felt like her hand just slipped around the meat within.
"Keep trying, lady. You can't wear me out so easily."
It was true. His cock was fat all the way to the head, which was even thicker, making it tough to breathe around. Getting him past her lips was difficult, and then he just filled her mouth. And, his pubic hairs tickled her nose.
She took a suggestion from Sandy and pressed forward, posing with Cliff's cock all the way in her mouth, but giving a sly look to the camera. Almost like a selfie. But it wasn't.
Unable to really accomplish much with her mouth or her hands, she eventually pulled away. "I'm looking forward to that one somewhere else," she said. "I hope I can take it. I've never had one that thick!"
"Alright, now." It was Big Jim. She saw Mike standing behind him, his shorts off, watching her. He was shaved bare and had things... in hand. Big Jim lifted her head. "Up here," Big Jim said. "You've got a lot of work in front of you." Oops.
His voice wasn't as low as his name might have suggested, but he was everything else. He had stripped his shirt. A muscled 6'3" or more frame, maybe a former football player? He looked to be about her age, and his body was magnificent. She lusted for it. "That's the kind of body that fills my dreams," she admitted.
"It'll fill more than that," he boasted.
He was wearing shorts, and she couldn't help but notice the bulge earlier, but the shorts hadn't revealed much. She watched as he unfastened his belt and zipper, letting them fall to the floor.
She hadn't even seen his cock yet, and it was already bigger than she could have hoped. Well, maybe. He was wearing tight athletic underwear, and... his shaft, a giant shaft, extended inches above the waistline. He wasn't as thick as Cliff, but she could tell his cock looked like one of those vibrators that invited patience and caution.
He stepped closer to her. She reached her hands to his butt. Tight. She ran her hands up and down his chiseled chest and abdomen before grabbing the hem of his underwear with both hands and pulling them down. His cock didn't spring forward like Jeremy's but instead remained hard and vertical. He was as long as... her forearm? She held her forearm up to it to make sure. Almost as thick, too. "Damn," she said.
Sandy chimed in, "I've never managed all of him. But Lord, I've wanted to..."
Hayley was just dumbfounded. "Where has something like this been all of my life?" She looked to find Steven, who looked stunned.
"Well, then," Hayley said. She moved to take him in her mouth.
"No," Sandy interrupted. "Trust me. Start with the balls. You gotta work up your nerve."
His balls. Right. There were two of them. They hung low, all the way downthere. They had to because they were so big. She began licking one while reaching for his shaft with a hand.
"No hands," Big Jim said.
She shook her head. Okay, then. Well, heck. She reached around to his hips for balance. And while the idea of fucking hadn't exactly been in the back of her mind with the other guys, she needed this one inside her. She couldn't wait to try it. But it apparently wasn't that time.
By licking at his balls, the length and weight of his cock rested on her face. And beyond. She sucked one into her mouth.
"That's right. Now the other one. They might bruise your butt when I fuck you later. Be nice to them."
Oh fuck.She could imagine them swinging into her.
Meanwhile, he guided his cock all over her face. It didn't keep her from her task, but it distracted her. His shaft rubbed against her forehead as she continued to lick his balls. Fuck he was big.
She raised herself a bit and began to tongue her way up his shaft. It almost looked muscled given its firmness and the veins sticking out. She couldn't do much to his shaft with her mouth, at least without her hands to help. So, she licked her way to the tip, and took him in a little bit. Not as fat as Cliff, but a tight fit for sure. She took more of him in until the head of his cock pressed against her throat slightly. As far as her head was from his abdomen, she marveled at how much more he had.
"I like what you're doing, but you don't want me to cum in your mouth. You'll drown," he said. She believed him.
It was a monster, but a beautiful one. She withdrew, still looking at its size and hardness. In some wild connection, Hayley imagined that this was the kind of cock brought to service Queens. Queens of what, she didn't know. "Sandy, is there a tattoo for this? Ace of Diamonds, maybe?"
Sandy laughed. "Not yet, but you're not wrong, either."
"I was planning on trying to fuck everyone's brains out tonight. I was wrong. I think this will fuckmybrains out."
Big Jim smiled, and said, "If it helps, they usually wake up later."
If she could have purred, she would have.
It was Mike's turn. And he was already wet with pre-cum from stroking himself.
He entered her mouth, rather than her taking him in. He held her head and began fucking her face. His cock was average, nice, but maybe a little shorter than Steven's, and she found she could take him well enough. She hadn't taken a cock in her throat forever, and as he pressed against it, she realized she probably wouldn't want to now. It was something she hadn't mastered. He seemed to understand her gurgled reluctance and didn't try to fuck her mouth as fully. She did what she could with her tongue, and couldn't help but appreciate his hairless cock. Steven might have to learn that...
"You are one hot woman," he said, and as suddenly, his cock erupted in her mouth. It wasn't a lot, but... it was unexpected so soon. She tasted it, found it very similar to Steven's, and put on a quick show of licking his cock and showing him the cum in her mouth. It wasn't a lot, and she swallowed. It wasn't bad, but cum still wasn't a taste that she had acquired. Still, the idea of Steven watching her do it turned her on.
Mike smiled, and said, "Don't you worry. I'm running low on jam, but I'm quick on the recovery. I told Sandy the first night we saw you it was easy to imagine my cock between those lips."
"Which ones?" she teased.
"Oh," he said, "this is going to be fun when I try the others."
Hayley finally saw Steven behind them, his hand pressed against his cock through his underwear. He had a fake hurt look on his face, then broke into a wicked grin.
Of course, she hadn't swallowed his cum since... the first few nights when she was introducing him to the joys of sex all those years ago. Was he disappointed in her for not doing this for him? Or jealous because she was doing something for these guys that she didn't do for him? She licked her lips, smiling at him.
"Are you next?" she asked.
"Not just yet. I want to stay hard as you start getting a little naughtier," he said.
"Alright then, gentlemen. I think the introductions have been made. My husband wants me to fuck you it seems. Who's up?!"
They gathered closer and began pawing her, their primal drive moving well beyond the earlier caresses to grope and pull and press at her. She reached for a cock but let go as she found herself being herded to a leather recliner and forced to sit. Jeremy stretched her left leg over the arm of the chair, while the right one was spread to the other arm by... Sandy?
Hayley's cunt was shaved as perfectly as she had ever managed, knowing that a public exhibition would come. She was beyond moist, and her cunt glowed a shiny pink. Big Jim whistled appreciatively just before Sandy positioned herself to be the first one to enjoy it.
"Guys," Sandy said. "Watch." And with that, Sandy gently rubbed her fingers around her labia, very erotically, then nuanced her clit. Hayley closed her eyes as she continued, the sensations welcomed. The awkwardness of being touched by a woman for the first time quickly eased into something that felt good.
"Spread her lips," Cliff said.
Hayley opened her eyes. They were all watching intently as Sandy used her thumbs to spread them, revealing the pinkness within. Hayley was surprised to find herself embarrassed to be exposed in this way, with four almost unknown men and a woman gazing at her sex. And her husband. She could feel her face flush red, and she tried covering it with her hands.
Big Jim grabbed the camera and snapped a few photos. "I think we'll all appreciate the 'before' photos," he said, "later."
Sandy said, "Let's see how she tastes."
And with that, Hayley's expectation for a gang bang turned into her first time with a woman... and, as she quickly understood, the most understanding treatment of her vagina that she had ever experienced. Sandy placed a finger... there, and licked and pressured... there.And circled around a bit with her tongue at just the right spot. All at the right cadence. It was amazing. This unexpected interlude to her gang bang fantasy caused her to moan. No orgasm was waiting as yet, but... it was something that she might like to revisit sometime with Sandy when there weren't so many useful guys around.
"To the mattress," Sandy said. "She's all kinds of ready, and the boys need their fun."
She moved to the mattress, laying on her back. Jeremy stood over her, his cock hard, stroking it slowly.
Steven approached from the side, fairly close. He was naked, and the tip of his cock was shiny with precum. He looked... hungry. Hungry to see her take a cock.
"Jeremy," she said, while looking at Steven. "Enter me slowly so Steven can see, and then..." Steven's eyes got bigger, and she could tell he was having a hard time restraining an orgasm.
"I always start with a kiss," he said, and lowered himself to give her a kiss on her lips. It was a short one. Thankfully. He positioned himself and guided his cock to her opening. He teased his head against her opening, moving up and down, then started in. She looked to the side again, to Steven, and saw his eyes focused on her...pussy, his mouth hanging open, watching Jeremy find his way within.
Jeremy didn't need encouragement. She was wet, and it wasn't like she hadn't had sex in a while. He all but slipped right in. "Yes," she moaned, when he was inside her, "that's what I need." And then he went in the additional inch or so that Steven didn't have. It caught her by surprise, she was so used to Steven.
Her hands clawed at the mattress, but quicky found his hips, hugging him into her. "Yes, as deep as you can go, Jeremy.Yes... it feels so good."
It had been a long while since she had felt someone as filling as that. He enjoyed being inside her for a few moments, then took a slow but lengthy stroke.
"Now, fuck me, please," she begged.
He stroked within her several times. "Hot damn," he said. "She can take all of me!" He groped at her breasts briefly before planting his hands on the mattress and began fucking her in earnest, his hips arching back to give her full, hard strokes.
Everything faded away except the cock inside her. She raised her knees so she could respond better to his thrusts. The performance aspect of the evening was swept away as the feeling of a long hard cock gave her waves of pleasure. He fucked her hard, building to his orgasm without any consideration of her.
She understood her need a little better. It just felt so good to be fucked, to not have to worry about feelings for the person, or expectations, or fear of the routine, or the satisfaction given and received... She took from him, he from her. It felt sogoodto have another cock in her, someone new... the firmness of his body, his smell, his size, the places he touched, his rhythm... someone who just wanted to fuck. It was just so carnal.
And he just kept fucking her. Hard. She wasn't typically a quiet person when she had sex, but and she was by no means quiet now. After a surprising number of minutes, his breaths became labored, and she sensed he was getting close. Just as she was about to lock her legs around him to make sure she could feel him cum inside her, he pulled out and shot streams of semen to her breasts and neck.
"Nooooooooo!"she raged.
"Yes," said Mike. "That's Jeremy, the showboat."
"Showboat?" Jeremy asked, as he flicked more cum onto her. "Sometimes the stuff just needs to come out in a way it can be appreciated."
Everyone laughed, except Hayley. "I wanted you to cum inside me," she said. "I need more cock. Who's next? Cliff?"
"Oh, not just yet. I make too big a mess," he said.
That was a strange thing to say. "Mike? Big Jim?"
"You first, Mike," Big Jim said. "She's a fine peach but I can tell she ain't ripe yet."
Mike didn't waste any time. "On your knees, doll," he said.
Hayley wanted to, but... "Hang on," she said. "Someone made a mess." She massaged Jeremy's cum around her breasts and torso. She saw that Jeremy was looking, and made a show of licking her fingers before using the towel. She realized she was fine with eating cum if it would cause him to get hard again.
"Hell, yeah!" said Jeremy. "She likes it!"
"I do, and I want it again," she agreed. She got on her knees and elbows, then wiggled her butt to Mike for a clear invitation.
It was then that Sandy sat in front of her and spread her legs. Hayley was surprised, and it must have shown on her face.
"Well," Sandy said, "just because I'm not taking any cocks tonight doesn't mean I can go without some kind of attention. Besides, this'll be our first time with a woman."
"Mike hasn't...?" asked Hayley.
"Nope. I've had all the fun. It's what he wanted. This felt right, though. Actually, Mike's never had sex with anyone but me."
Like Hayley, Sandy's cunt was shaven. Unlike Hayley, Sandy's had a tattoo on her mons. It looked like the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign but read "JACKPOT." The pole for the sign had an arrow at the bottom pointing to her sex. Hayley laughed. Then she leaned in, prepared for her first time of tasting another woman.
Sandy said, "Fuck her, honey. Fuck her like you do me."
Mike's cock slipped inside her easily. The aroma of Sandy's juices and the feeling of an unknown cock inside her, even if not as satisfying as Jeremy...thiswas whatwantonwas all about. Taking turns was fine, but two at once was where her head had been for weeks. "If someone would squeeze my nipples, that would be great," she encouraged.
Jeremy lent a hand. And Mike started fucking her.
She began probing Sandy's cunt with her tongue, an experience entirely new to her. It wasn't unpleasant at all. She treated it how she wished Steven would treat hers. She looked up Sandy's body. Her eyes were closed. She was into it.
"Sandy," she said, "the top has got to go. Steven hasn't seen another woman's breasts before, in person at least."
Sandy fidgeted a bit and worked it off. "Nice tits," she said and resumed licking her cunt. It was inevitable that they developed a rhythm. Mike pushed, Hayley's face pressed against Sandy, and Jeremy squeezed away.
That rhythm built.
"Mike," how you doing?" Sandy asked.
"I'm good. I can go a good while I think," he said.
"Good. Keep fucking this woman," she said. "It literally brings me pleasure."
Hayley was enjoying herself, and Sandy propped herself so she could begin using her finger on her clit.
"She's hot and wet inside, honey. Fits like a glove. Rides like a sports car," Mike said between breaths. "She feels really good on me."
"Ride her faster then, and I'll ride her face," Sandy said.
Steven said, "Jeremy, stretch her nipple to the floor and hold it still. Each time he rocks her, it'll stretch her more, and that's when you should give it an extra squeeze."
"Hrmph," was all she could manage with her mouth pressed against Sandy, who had removed her hand so she could more aggressively press her cunt into Hayley's face. Sandy started moaning.
"That's it, Mike," Sandy managed. "Do her like you're fucking me." Mike upped the rhythm, and it felt fantastic. Shortly, Sandy moaned in an orgasm... "Oh, babe!"
Shortly, Sandy pulled away, seemingly satisfied, her own finger helping to finish off her orgasm.
Hayley was happy Sandy had gotten off, but this was aboutherneeds. She raised herself to her hands and looked back to see Mike, who was grinning, both hands on her hips and watching his cock piston in and out of her.
"Mike, got a lot of gas left?" she asked.
"You know it. I don't want to stop."
"You feel great," she said. "Jeremy, slide under me and suck my breasts. Steven, watch the driver handle the car."
Jeremy began doing just what she needed, the sensations from her nipples and areolae blending in with the heat inside her cunt. And she now had some freedom to move. She began rocking against each of Mike's thrusts, the slap of skin on skin keeping the time. The rhythm was great, and Mike was touching all the familiar places inside to make her cum.
She lost herself for a while, a good while, and finally things began to feel almost right. "Jeremy, pinch or bite a bit," she said. "And Mike. Don't. Stop." That did it. She felt her orgasm coming. It didn't rush, but it wasn't slow in building either. "Mike, you're a machine."
"Yeah, but I'm going to cum, too."
The words set her off, and she clinched everything, her eyes, her face, her cunt. She panted loudly as her orgasm took her, falling to her elbows as she buried Jeremy beneath her.
"I'm going to..." And then Mike did, shooting streams of hot cum inside her. She moaned in response, at the height of her ecstasy.
Mike was still inside her, his motions slower, coaxing anything left in his balls. "I thought you said you were out of jam," she said, when she caught her breath.
"Well, this was jelly," he said. He used the opportunity to feel up her side, cup her breasts, and finally, back away as he slipped from her cunt.
"Well, you came at the perfect time," she said, rolling over to rest a moment. She saw Steven, with a look somewhere between shocked and excited, so she did the little thing with her muscles to force some of Mike's cum out. She watched his eyes closely and then reached a hand down to rub it around. Steven's cock was rock hard, she saw.
"You like what you see?" she asked.
"I... I think so...," he said, pausing, then adding "Yes. Definitely yes. This is the hottest thing I could ever imagine. I can't believe it."
"Honey, do you want to fuck me next?" she asked him.
"I want to fuck you all night long," he said, "but not next. I want more of what I've seen already."
"You're hooked, then."
"Well, I'm certainly not going anywhere," he said, with a small laugh. "But," he said, looking her in the eyes, "Yeah. You're incredible."
"Well, now," Big Jim said. "She's also gorgeous and willing, so I'm going to fuck her now."
Hayley wasn't hesitant, but concerned. This would be something new, but that wouldn't stop her from trying.
"It's okay, hon," said Sandy, "especially when he's not the first." She handed her some lubricant.
Hayley poured some into her hand, and began to lather Big Jim when he drew near. His cock seemed enormous, an impossibility. "How... how do you want me?" she asked.
Big Jim understood. He reached down, lifted her like a twig, and carried her to the kitchen counter. "This suits my height. Let's see you, pretty thing."
Hayley leaned back and folded her legs, bringing her feet to the edge of the counter. He took the tip of his cock and began slipping it up and down her vagina, spreading the cum that was still oozing from within her. The head of his cock flared with the stimulation.
"Damn," he said, "you look as fresh as a college girl, still, even after Jeremy and Mike. I can't wait to see what I can do about that. Spread your legs out." She did. "Steven, you might like this. Come hold a leg. Jeremy?"
They came to assist. Big Jim pulled her closer to the edge so her butt hung from it slightly. "You might want to hold on to the edge of the counter so you don't slide," he suggested.
He began to press against her opening. She was briefly aware of Sandy recording her, and as Jim worked the head of his cock, testing and probing her, she heard Steven mutter, "Fuck. He's too big." And then her thoughts were lost as Big Jim began to really press. It felt good, until it hurt. And then it would feel okay when he backed just a bit, then hurt again as he pressed forward. The head of his cock was maybe three quarters in, and it stretched her.
"Relax," he said. "Lean back. Don't watch. We've got time and lubricant."
She did as he said, but her imagination wasn't any better than watching. Her nerves were aflame with every movement.
She felt more lubricant when he paused for a bit. He started again, and it helped. "You're tight," he said, "but this is going to work I can tell." He kept at the process.
"Fuck yeah," she heard Jeremy say, just as the crown passed her opening. It hurt, and she squealed. But it was worth it.
"Alright, boys," Big Jim said. "We're in. Let's see what she's got."
What followed were the most intense feelings she'd ever had. He made it an unknown distance, stretching her before he withdrew. Then he started again. Each withdrawal gave her a couple quick, welcome breaths. She moaned. She slapped her hands on the countertop. She had no tears for it, but she was crying inside, partly due to the pain, mostly not.
Steven grabbed her hand, maybe to comfort her. She shook it away. Big Jim continued with the slow strokes, and it helped as she imagined her insides making space.
"Stay that deep for a bit," she gasped, when he hit a very sensitive spot.
"I know," he said. "I haven't touched bottom yet, and you're still tight." He kept working at the same depth for a while, when he added, "but thisisgoing to work."
"Okay, more," was all she could say.
She managed to lift her head, as she couldn't guess how far he had to go. He was maybe as far as Jeremy had gone, but it was hard to tell because of his thickness. He had... a couple inches to go. She looked up at him and said, "I want all of that."
"Trust me," he said. "I'm hoping you can. But it takes a little time." He continued, slowly making progress. "Wrap your legs around me." The guys let go, and she did. He reached an arm under her and lifted her. "Wrap your arms around my shoulders. We're going for a walk." He used one arm at her waist to press her body against his, the other to feel her ass. She could feel his cock work even further inside her with the benefit of gravity, and the vibration of each step caused her to moan.
"Dang, she's literally riding his cock," Mike pointed out.
Big Jim laughed and said, "That she is. That she is. Let's go on a trip." He continued walking, and it wasn't until she heard a door knob that she realized he was taking her to the rear deck.
The warm air washed across her back, the roar of the waves crashing in the distance. She watched over his shoulder as everyone followed them out. There weren't any exterior lights on, but the interior lights illuminated them well enough for everyone to see, or their silhouette for those returning from the beach.
"On a night when I try a gang bang for the first time," she said...
Big John interrupted, "The world should be able to watch you do it."
"I like this," she said. "It turns me on."
"Seriously, you're remarkedly beautiful. Guys dream about girls like you, because girls who look like you don't do something like this."
Hayley smiled, but she doubted he could see that as close as she clung to him. She didn't know if he meant the gang bang or a possible public show. It didn't matter.
"Hold me," she said, as she began leaning away from him. Her hands held to his shoulders, and his cock felt wonderful.
"Let go," he said, "I've got you."
She let her grip slip, his arms supporting her back. She leaned further back, her head dipping towards the deck. It felt wonderful. She raised herself some, seeing his eyes on her breasts. "You like?" she asked.
He returned a wicked grin. "I'll like them better when they bounce for me."
"I want that," she said. He raised her a little more, and she started rotating against him as best she could. It made a difference. The final half inch, or whatever it was, found its home.
"That's it, little doll!" he said. And with that he began rocking his hips, creating movement within her.
Words were lost, as she struggled to breathe with his cock fully inside her, stroking her within somehow. She placed a palm on her abdomen, feeling the movement within her. "So deep," she managed to say.
"Do you want it slow, like this? Or do you want it harder on your knees?" he asked.
She looked to the side, seeing Steven there, holding his swollen his cock. He looked like he might blow any second, staring where the monster entered her.
"Anything you want," she said, looking at Steven. "Just take me, Jim. I'll manage."
The base of his cock was particularly pleasurable, with just an extra bit of stretch when she hit home base. He began quickening his pace, confident in the measure of his penetration. She groaned, the sensations almost too much. Then he slowed.
"I'm going to cum inside you like I know you want," Jim said, "But you have to beg for it."
"Yes," she whimpered. "Fuck me. Cum inside of me."
"Did any of you hear that?" he asked, loudly.
Resounding "No's." He stilled within her. "My fuck doll has something to say. Again."
Hayley took the moment to check on the guys, all standing near the house, watching, their hands on their cocks. She spied Sandy at the door, and then noticed that she had opened it to let Dwayne on the deck. Naked. His cock wasn't quite as long or as thick as Big John's, but, now, she knew she could take him. "Oh, fuck," she said. Dwayne's smile turned lustful when he saw her impaled on Jim's cock.
Still, that was later. She was Big Jim's now, and he knew it. His request was as much for his ego, she knew, as it was intended for Steven. And, it was exactly what she wanted for herself.
"I want you to cum inside me, Big Jim. I want to feel you empty your balls. I want to feel your cum where I've never felt it before. Fill me with your cum!"
She saw in his face that she had set him off. Big Jim pulled her closer where he could wrap his hands under her armpits and grab her shoulders, driving her onto his cock. Where the rocking motion came from, she wasn't sure, but he buried every bit of himself into her, pounding her hard and deep. She'd never felt anything like it. Or imagined it.
Whatever had moved inside her to make way for him couldn't completely get out of the way, and he was literally touching her where she hadn't been touched before. She didn't recall her orgasm building. It just arrived monstrously, like his cock, emerging above the hyper sensations she felt from his size. Her cries were not just for her lover's ear. They reached into the distance.
Big Jim continued his frenetic pace for what seemed like minutes before he growled and came inside her, his cock throbbing again and again. Blast after blast brought a heat within her unlike any other. When his cock finally stopped throbbing, he pulled her close again to his chest. She closed her eyes, dizzy, the fullness within her indescribable, the heat of his cum lingering, her thighs trembling.
She was aware of his motion as he walked, enjoying the thing inside her and being manhandled like she had never imagined. She opened her eyes when he lowered her to one of the mattresses. His cock slid from her, and his cum poured from her cunt. She could feel the cool air in the house between her legs, and it was a novel feeling. Her cunt remained parted she could tell.
"Oh, Steven, what have I done to want that again so badly?" she mused, only, she had said it aloud.
"It's okay," Steven said. "I want you to have that. You're amazing. You both were."
"Now's a good time, Cliff," Sandy said.
"Damned straight," he said. "This should be no problem."
Hayley was still breathing hard as he approached. "I hope it's not," she said. "But you'resothick."
His cock was red, fatter than she remembered just a short while earlier. He crawled on top of her, and she spread her legs to help him. He wasn't able to just push inside her, which was a shock considering Big Jim's size and the way he had stretched her.
The sensations of the head of his cock finally working its way within her weren't as intense as Big John's, and she wondered if her nerves were just shot. She didn't feel much of him after he was in, either, but the fit didn't seem to disappoint Cliff at all.
He found a fast rhythm, which she felt in her breasts as well as the pounding from his massive balls. It didn't take long before she felt him begin to cum within her.
She couldn't feel his cock orgasm, but she felt his cum, less a jet and more of a lengthier wave, fill her. Then another wave followed by another, continuing until he was spent. There was just so much cum inside her. Hot cum, too.
"That was... different," she said as he withdrew.
"I told you," he said. "I make a mess."
"I've never been so full of cum," she said. "That feltamazing." Cliff looked happy to hear it.
Another voice spoke. "Well, let's see if we can keep that pussy full. I'm Dwayne, by the way. I had to call it an early night with my girlfriend, because I couldn't pass your ass up."
Dwayne laid beside her, holding his cock straight up. "Get on there," he said. "It's your show, but those tits are mine while you do your thing."
Hayley looked at the mess between her legs. "Are you sure you don't want me to clean up?" she asked.
"Nah. Ain't nothing coming out of there I can't put back. And I want to watch you having a time on my black cock. You had eight inches before?" he asked.
She squatted above him, embarrassed at the flow between her legs. "Actually, yes," she said. "Just a few minutes ago. But I haven't had a black one. Let's do this."
Hayley lowered herself onto his cock. He fit similar to Big John, but had just slipped right in, really. She was sore, but it didn't deter her. Cum and her juices continued to flow out as she fucked him.
"Oh, fuck, baby! Give me your number! No one goes down that fast on me!" As he said that, he reached out to grab her tits and started to knead them. She saw Steven looking at her, rapt. She, too, marveled at the sight of his dark hands on her skin, and then she leaned forward a little to see his shaft penetrating her cunt. It was glorious in its way.
And she stopped thinking about it, just giving herself to the motion. In time, some sensation, not an orgasm as she had known, just began. It wasn't as powerful, but it just rolled and rolled through her, the stimulation within her, but a larger sense of what had come before. She looked down at his hands again, enjoying her breasts and nipples, occasionally holding her hips and finding their way back.
She looked to everyone else, and they were watching her fuck his cock. Sandy was recording it as well. Crazy. It turned her on as much as than the sex itself, the being watched.
The rolling feeling within her continued, overtaking her thoughts. She didn't know how long it lasted, but by the time Dwayne announced he was going to cum, her legs were tired, trembling again, her breaths labored and short.
"If you don't climb off, I'm going to..." Dwayne said.
Hayley didn't climb off. She let him read her face for her desire.
He smiled, and then came, bucking up into her, and she felt each orgasm ripple through his member as he shot his cum inside her. Her nerves weren't done yet, it seemed. Good.
She rolled off as she felt his cock soften, and she felt a twinge of exhaustion, as well as that unexpected cool air entering her between her legs. Then she saw Steven. The poor guy. His cock was hard, and she was shocked that he had made it all this time without cumming.
She reached between her legs. The soreness wasn't terrible. She found that she indeed had a gaping hole there. She imagined what it looked like. Her fingers were soaked by... just everything there. She lazily rubbed their cum on her thighs and abdomen. It felt good, doing that. It was reassuring that she was still in one piece.
"Well, honey?" she asked. "Are you going to finally fuck me? Or do you want me to fuck you?"
"You're such a mess!" he said. "When I said it would be okay for guys to cum inside you, I never imagined that they'd actually fill you up with it. I do want to try it out." He positioned himself between her legs.
Hayley was aware when he had eased inside her, but she couldn't say she felt him much. "This is different," he said.
"I think I said that," she said. He stroked in and out of her, and it seemed all he was doing was pumping the cum out of her.
"Honey," he said, "I can't feel you."
She responded teasingly, "It's all of those bigger cocks you let me fuck."
"About that, I knew they would be," he said. "The other night, when you and Sandy went to the restroom, Jim asked if we might be interested. It was hard not to tell you what was going to happen."
"So, when you were asking me repeatedly if I'd do it, telling me it was real..."
"Yeah, I just needed to be sure. And as a result, here we are. You're literally not worth a fuck to me now. Stand up on your knees. There's this other thing I've been wanting to do."
She did. She knew.
"Guys? If you're able, I want you to cum on my wife too. And Hayley, I want you to smile while we do it."
They gathered around her, and it took him only three strokes until he shot streaks of cum on her forehead, which dripped down to her eyes and nose. "I only wish it was more," he said, "but we've had a busy week."
"You like?" she asked, as he stood in front of her flicking the remaining cum from his cock at her.
It made her think of the other night, when she had made him a promise. "Look at me, honey. All of me. Here's the proof," she said. "I'll doanythingyou want, wherever you want, with whoever you want." And she reached out and grabbed the nearest cocks, stroking them while the others stroked themselves.
Cliff stepped forward. "This is my favorite part," he said. "I apologize in advance." She smiled, not forgetting theanythingrequest from Steven. He stepped closer, took a few more strokes, and came all over her face and head. It poured from her, off her chin and onto her breasts.
When she cleared her mouth with her hand, she asked, "How much of that stuff do you carry with you?"
"Enough," he said. "Always, enough."
She managed to clear an eye as well, when she felt someone else cum on her. At that point, she didn't just smile. She laughed. Then everyone else emptied their balls, it seemed. She fell back onto the mattress when they were done, soaked, as was the mattress beneath her.
Jeremy said, "I guess this is why you want fresh sheets when you stay places. You don't know where those mattresses have been."
"Ewww," said Mike. "But, you're not wrong."
"Alright everyone," said Sandy. "Time for a break. I'm going to heat some pasta and leftover sauce. Go find a shower or a hose and come back ready to eat."
"What?" Hayley asked. "Are you serious?"
"Well, yes," Sandy said. "Tell me you're not hungry."
Huh. Thirsty, too.
After she showered, she assessed herself in the mirror. The before and after was intoxicating, in that she could look innocently clean and groomed all over again, after all that. Maybe not so much. There were bruises sure to come on her breasts, and she felt the toil on her swollen labia. Still, her libido hoped the night wasn't over. After all, Sandy had called it a break.
She loved Steven, and loved the commitment they shared. But she also enjoyed this, being free of the restraint of what she understood a marriage to be. Or rather, redefining their marriage. That was it. She was still his to have and hold. She wasn't cheating. She wasn't being unfaithful. She wasn't a whore. She wasn't a slut, either, maybe. No, not when it was something they both wanted. But people, if they knew, might judge her that way. Again.
She had sexual needs. And, she needed the commitment of marriage as well. Tonight, her halves had come together to make her whole. She couldn't help but wonder what Steven was thinking at this point, but for herself... she knew that she would want more, in time.
She returned wearing her shorts. It was time to eat, after all, and it was all she had to wear. Jeremy, Dwayne and Big Jim were already at the table, almost fully dressed and eating.
"Fuck," said Big Jim. "Look at those tits and nipples. You're making me hard again, already."
"Easy, boy," said Sandy. "She needs to eat."
That she did. Steven and the other guys arrived shortly afterwards and joined them. The chat was light and fun and surreal, given she was eating pasta topless with a bunch of guys. As they were nearing the end, Jeremy and Cliff announced they had to leave to get some rest for work the next day, to their regret.
Sandy created a new house rule before they left. "This was Hayley's first time, and I think it's a signature experience." She held up a Sharpie and grinned. "In case Hayley wakes up tomorrow morning and thinks this was just a dream."
Huh. What the hell. Hayley kicked off her shorts and gave a short instruction: "Between the tan lines, please. I have one more day on the beach." They each took a turn and signed their names on her breasts, mons and butt, with a few comments and figures as well. All of them. Including Steven and Sandy. Then Sandy took photos, sorted the others she had taken, and passed them around for souvenirs.
After Jeremy and Cliff left, she could tell there was an element of waiting, but not an expectation. The choice was theirs. She leaned over to Steven whispering that she could do more if he was okay with it. He retrieved his cell phone and texted her sister at the house. "Home late. Met some fun people. Having drinks, enjoying the beach breeze and conversation. Don't wait up."
Hayley looked around the table. She stood and traced her hands from her breasts to her cunt. "So, you like my tits. I'm sore, but I'm willing. Who still wants some?" she asked. "I'm open all night."
"You know what I was thinking of today?" Steven asked.
"Letting me wear panties and a bra when we go out for a change?" she asked. It had been three months since the beach, and it was turning outanythingwas closely associated withoften.
"Heavens, no!" he said.
"Good," Hayley said. "I like the attention." Which was true.
"I know, and I like it, too" he said.
They were seated at a bar in a steak restaurant with lots of peanuts on the counter and on the floor. Country music played non-stop, and the waitresses wore boots. It wasn't quite an authentic honky-tonk, but it didn't have to be.
They had started going out on date nights in different areas around the city where it was less likely they'd run into anyone they knew, which was certainly true here.
They both wanted more of what they had experienced at the beach, but absent an enabler like Sandy, it was a daunting frustration to figure out how to arrange another extramarital encounter. So, they had stuck with what they knew... revealing tops and skirts, drawing attention, satisfying sex later. Maybe facially they looked so "proper" or committed or something else that men couldn't imagine there was a real opportunity, regardless of how she dressed. She certainly had gotten lusty looks, but no one had taken the bait.
"I gather no one has asked you about your pendant yet?" he asked.
She smiled. Her nipples stiffened under the gauzy white tank top she wore. Steven's eyes noted her response immediately and smiled back. She liked the way this conversation was turning, even though it was expected whenanythinghappened.
Steven had given her a gold necklace with an Ace of Diamonds pendant a few weeks after they had returned from the beach. She wore it whenever they were in the mood for the possibility ofanythinghappening and, of course, not in the company of family or their close friends. This particular night, it was nestled prominently where her cleavage began, in plain sight, like much of her breasts.
Anythingmeant that if anyone asked about it, she would tell them she was potentially available... and the longer the cock, the shorter the odds. And Steven, of course, could whisk her away if either of them had second thoughts. If the Ace of Spades was known to mean what it did, Steven had figured that her pendant would beg the question. No one had asked yet, but just the possibility was exciting to them both.
"Remember when I said a college buddy, Ken, was coming to town?"
She nodded.
"He'll be staying at The Terraces next weekend. I told him I'd like to see him, introduce him to you and catch up. We're meeting him next Friday in the hotel bar. At 7:00."
"Ah. I can only imagine what you might want me to wear, or not wear," she said.
"I'll get to that. So, that's what I told him, anyway. But maybe I have a different thing in mind. Imagine instead that you arrive a little earlier than that, obviously missing certain undergarments, and then imagine I don't show up. I can show you pictures so you should be able to pick him out..."
"So, I sit beside him and flirt a little..." she said.
"As much as it takes. And he asks about a certain pendant."
"Okay," Hayley said.
"I happen to know he qualifies."
"Oh, I'mlikingthis. Do you show up and we go to his room?" she asked.
"No, I text him that I had something come up but will make it up by buying his drinks later, around 10:00," Steven said suggestively.
Hayley finished the thought for him. "And my story is that it seems that my husband is hopelessly late yet again."
Steven nodded, with a wicked grin. "Go to his room and fuck his brains out. And then we can make introductions when he brings you downstairs..."
"And then," Hayley said, "maybe both of you can fuck me through the night?"
"And if not, you can tell me all about it. He's not that great a friend, anyway."
"Ilikethis plan," she said, absently rubbing at her pendant.
The bartender, she noted, glanced in her direction. He hardly looked old enough to be out of college, but he was a cutie. She hadn't intended to make eye contact, but it lingered. He approached, probably thinking she needed another drink.
"Hey, I've been wanting to ask. What's that Ace of Diamonds about?" he asked, glancing below her pendant to her nipples.
"Funny you should ask," she said.