Christine got job at an exclusive, ritzy, men's only golf course. She was an attractive young girl brought in to flirt and liven up the place. She was told she would never be touched, but she should expect sexual comments, innuendos, and even propositions and this was ok because of the clientele. She would have to sign a non sexual harassment clause, non disclosure agreement, and liability forms. The money was good and as long as nobody touched her, she could take all the because advances they could throw at her. This she was used to.
She starts working at the pro shop, but also fills in bringing drink orders to golfers. She finds while working that the sexier she dresses, the better the tips. Occasionally she would leave her bra at home to show off nips. This worked wonders for making money.
One day while working, Christine wore a tight white shirt with no bra. That day she was told to bring a large drink order to a group on tee 6. Tee 6 was up on a hill. She drove a cart to the tee, but had to park to the side. While walking up to the group, she slipped but caught herself. However, one of the drinks spilled down her shirt, turning it partially transparent, exposing her left tit. The men gawked. They thanked her for the show and offered to wring out her shirt. She was so embarrassed. After numerous offers and great tips (she made a days salary in that one delivery), she walked away slightly horny and contemplating more ideas. As time went on she would occasionally intentionally spill drinks on her, exposing her tits. She was enjoying it so much she wanted to push herself to go further.
She stopped wearing underwear and would wear short golf skirts. She would demo clubs and on the swing, her ass would be exposed. She made a lot of sales with this technique.
One day while working in the course hut renting out carts, selling balls, and pouring drinks, Christine realized she could try out having an adventure. She never had to come out from behind the desk so she decided to have some fun. It was a high bar counter so she was covered from view below her chest, which gave her confidence. She dropped her skirt on the floor and decided to work bottomless. She was flush with embarrassment. For the first couple visitors, she would quickly grab her skirt and pull it up to cover herself self. She was mad that she kept chickening out. Christine decided to get rid of her skirt so she couldn't use it to cover up. While alone, she dropped her skirt and threw it out the back door onto the last cart in line. She was so nervous when she saw someone approaching and reached down to grab her skirt forgetting she hid it out back. With a nervous grin, she poured the drinks and rented a cart. Several customers later and still nobody noticed. She was so turned on, she started touching herself while alone, wishing she could do it with people around but deciding against it knowing it was too risky.
When she had enough and was alone, Christine snuck out back to get her skirt back. The golf cart wasn't there. She panicked realizing she must have rented it out without realizing. She was extra nervous since golfers didn't usually return the cart to the hut, instead dropping it off to the pro shop entrance, parking valet, club house, or leaving it on the 18th hole.
Christine was in a frenzy trying to figure out what to do. She decided she would work late and when it got dark, she would sneak around to find it. But then she got a call from management. They needed her to deliver a new cart to the group on Tee 13 since the battery on their cart died. She would have to drive a new cart across the course, deliver it, have them sign for it, then walk back, all without her skirt.
She decided she would improvise clothing and turn part of her shirt into a skirt. She cursed herself for wearing a crop top shirt that only went to her belly button and forgoing a bra. Christine measured her shirt and determined she would have to cut the shirt a half inch above the bottom of her tits to have a short that would almost reach the bottom of her ass. This would be very risky. She ducked behind the counter and nervously took her shirt off. She grabbed the scissors and cut across. She quickly put her shirt back on. When she looked at the small mirror on the door, she noticed that the shirt was smaller than she imagined. The bottom of her tits were visible, almost to her nipples. Any movement of her shoulders would expose her nipples. Lifting her arms would expose her tits entirely.
Christine pulled the bottom part of her shirt around her waist, but it was too loose. She looked around for pins but couldn't find any. She would have to tie the top, which made her nervous since it would shorten the skirt. Carefully, she tied the smallest knot she could. The skirt showed the bottom inch of her ass and just covered her pussy. She would have to be very careful. Any misstep would expose everything.
She took baby steps to a cart. When she sat, her ass and pussy were completely exposed. She had to lift her arms to drive, which showed off her tits. She was only hidden by the steering wheel. She drove down the path and had to pass each hole. She could feel the eyes glued to her and heard the comments. She didn't know if they could tell she was exposing herself, but they definitely appreciated the extra skin showing.
Christine ran into a problem by tee 9 when two groups left their carts on the path side by side. She would have to drive on the rough grass to go around. She sped up to account for the bumpy grass. She passed the carts and kept driving. She stopped at tee 13 right behind the broken down cart. She took a deep breath while watching the golfers walk over to her. She saw their eyes bug out as they neared. She looked down and saw her shirt was completely up and everything was on display. She was blatantly flashing her tits. It must have been from the grass detour, which made her try to remember who she passed between the last 4 tees. All the people that saw her, she was so embarrassed. She jumped up out of the cart to cover herself and in doing so, her makeshift skirt knot came undone and fell to the floor. She turned around and bent over to pick it up She just showed a foursome her tits, pussy, and ass by accident. She struggled to quickly retie the knot, apologizing perfusely.
The guys made many lewd comments and it took a while for her to get them back to business. She needed them to sign the paperwork for the new rental in order to transfer the keys. When she handed the lead golfer the clipboard, he stood on the cart foot rails and leaned on the roof. "I need something to lean on the sign. Can you go over the paperwork with me?". She blushed while objecting. Doing this would certainly expose her tits and ass to the group. He wouldn't budge. She needed to get out of there before more people came. Finally, she obliged. She hopped up and explained the paperwork while keeping one hand covering her tits. Everyone stared wide-eyed at her gorgeous body. They walked around pretending to inspect the cart, clearly intent on checking out her ass. Finally she got the signature she needed and hopped down. She rushed back to the hut, and would wait the 3 hours until closing and another hour for darkness to find her skirt and go home.
As she went to walk away, one of the guys stopped her. He introduced himself as Dr. Piston and stated she was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen and she had the nicest ass. "Since you're basically on display anyway, I will buy your shirt from you". Her mouth gaped. "Are you crazy? I can't walk around naked. No". He countered, "I'll give you $1000 for your shirt. You only have to give me the bottom half now, and the top half when we leave. Don't worry, I plan on having some drinks before I go." $1000??? That would cover her rent. She looked around and estimated that it should only take 15 minutes to get back to the hut. She didn't see many people ahead of them, so she agreed.
She gave him the tiny skirt and started walking away bottomless. She was nervous and ducked behind every statue she passed. Only one group actually saw her before she made it back to the hut. She had tears in her eyes from the ordeal, but was also extremely turned on from it.
An hour later, the group arrived at her hut. She served them drinks and they started to get a little rowdy. They offered her money for all sorts of things like drinking drinks off her body, her wetting her top, and allowing them to take pictures. She made another $500 off of those.
She did turn down some other offers like finding out how many golf balls fit up her pussy and ass, using golf clubs as sex toys, and going home with them. When they were ready to leave, the Dr. Piston asked her for her shirt. She declined but he reminded her that he bought it and it was his. She forgot about selling her top. She didn't know what to do. He asked her again for her top and she hesitantly pulled it over her head and covered with one arm. She handed it over and they packed up. On their way out, they all agreed that it would stay between them. She had 30 minutes left until closing.
She nervously watched as the last of her clothing left. She ducked and hid behind the counter. She only had one visitor the rest of the day and served him from below the counter, only popping her head up. He looked at her like she was crazy, but it was better than the alternative.
The next few weeks were exciting. Riding the high of being seen, Christine would occasionally go streaking on the golf course when it was slow. She would also flash golfers while they weren't looking, all to get a cheap thrill.
With all the increased drink sales, equipment sales, and membership sales that were attributed to her, the manager told her she has high potential and saw her going places. She was given a nice raise to keep her. Not too long after, the manager announced his retirement and have her a recommendation. The owner promoted her to club manager. She now had more freedom, could interact more, and could push her boundaries further. She would be in charge, only answering to the owner who only visited the club about once per quarter.
To keep members engaged, she was constantly redecorating. She appealed to the male interest and bought some new statues, mainly of naked women. When they arrived, she would continuously move them around to find the best placement and views to make the members happy. The next order of statues were more realistic naked women statues.
One day while rounding the course, Christine saw a particular statue of a women covering her pussy with her left hand and holding the bottom of her right tit with her right hand. She got a risky idea, one that required several weeks to set up and carry through. She took pictures and measurements of the statue. She spent time crafting thin metal supports to mimic the statue's pose. She started with ankle shackles. They'd run up the back of the legs and lock on to the waist with a rigid metal belt. A small support craddled the ass and went between the legs like a thin bike seat, almost to the front. A pole ran up the back and locked onto the neck via a metal collar. It extended up the back of the head and locked the forehead with a metal headband. From the pole, mid-back, other poles extended to mimic the arm poses and locked onto the wrists with shackles. This would essentially lock the statue in place rendering it unable to move. It seemed silly but it had a purpose.
She installed them on the statue and left them on over two weeks. That Thanksgiving the course would only be open in the morning. She had the day scheduled off. She woke up early and went to the golf course 3 hours before any of the holiday staff were expected. She removed the shackled restraints from the statue and moved the statue with the forklift. She replaced it with an empty base. She then parked the forklift back in the service barn and went to the club house locker room.
Today she was going to be the statue. She stripped naked and hid her clothes in a locker. She then painted herself with a dull grey marble paint that matched the statue. She then put a glue concoction in her hair and styled it like the statue. She examined herself in the mirror and compared it to the pictures. It was very close.
She then walked across the golf course naked to the location. She set up a camera across the path, hidden next to a tree. This would film her and anyone near her. She could use this to see people's reactions later and to identify who saw her. She secured the shackles to the base and put the key in her pussy. It would be the only place she could hide it but still reach it. She then started securing her shackles from the ankles up. She was so nervous but so excited. Any golfer passing her would be staring at an actual naked girl today instead of a marble statue. Even more, they'd be setting a girl they have been flirting with and fantasizing about and they wouldn't even know.
She wanted to really feel the excitement and the embarrassment today, so she added an extra element. Before securing her metal belt, she inserted a plug in her ass. This plug had a remote that could make it vibrate. She had the remote rigged to a rope trigger that she laid across the cart path. Any cart that touched or drove over the thin rope would activate the vibrating plug.
After inserting the plug, she locked the belt on and nestled her neck and head into those shackles. Lastly, she contorted her arms into position and set them in the cuffs. She paused momentarily before locking them which sealed her fate. Though she could escape at any time, any movement would be seen by any person on the course and would expose her. She would have to stand still, exposing her naked tits to all who cared to look. She could rely on the shackles contraption to help hold her steady.
It must've been an hour before the first signs of life. Golfers started coming out for a quick round. Thanksgiving was usually one of the busier days, as there was a huge morning rush. She just stood there looking out watching golfers get closer. The first cart passed her and ran over the rope. It set the plug off and she almost squealed. It was so powerful. It lasted about 10 seconds before turning off. The golfers teed off right across the path from her. She giggled internally at the thought that these golfers had no idea a naked woman was right behind them.
As each cart passed, the plug sent intense vibrations. Occasionally she would see golfers she recognized looking at her. If only they knew. Later, she saw a lone golfer walking up. Some people like getting steps in so they didn't use carts. She didn't recognize him but couldn't look very long to maintain her statuesque appearance. She did see out of her peripherals that he was walking right up to her. She felt nervous and stayed extremely still. She heard clicks and realized he was taking pictures. He walked right in front of her and took a selfie with her in it. This was too good.
When he finally walked back to the path to keep walking, he looked at the rope on the ground. He picked it up, which set off the vibrations, and tossed it over a bush next to the path, thinking he was helping clear the path for carts. This set off the vibrations again. It finally stopped. She was sad now that nobody else would activate the plugs. However, whenever the wind blew, the bush swayed a bit and set of the vibrations. Uh oh, she thought. This could be intense.
Several other golfers passed her and it was starting to die down. She saw what must have been the last of the golfers coming and was excited for this to be over. They too took many pictures with her. One of the golfers walked up behind her and made her very nervous. The other guys were laughing and calling out obscene actions, which made her think he was mimicking spanking her. He then came around again and reached up pretending to grab her tits. She was so nervous. If he touched her, it would blow her cover and they would know she's no statue. He pretended to motor boat her pussy, getting so close that she could feel his breath. This was so exciting and good thing her hand placement was there because she could feel herself getting wet.
Finally, after a few more gestures and comments, they left her alone, teed off and left. She watched for the next hour as they finished up. She saw the staff come around looking for any carts, garbage, and other general cleaning necessities. After they finished, she watched the clubhouse. When the lights went out, that was an indication that the place was closed.
She fingered her pussy to get the key, and spent a little extra attention there. The wind blew and triggered the vibrating the plug, which sent her over there edge to an orgasm. She almost lost they key as she was so wet and slippery, but caught it. She unlocked her hands, then neck, head, waist, and ankles. She climbed down, stretched, and removed the plug. She picked up her camera and remote and walked back to the locker room. She tried the door but it was locked. She went grey. She left her keys in the locker room and didn't think ahead that closing time would lock it up.
Christine walked around the building checking every door and window. Thankfully, the uncaring holiday staff didn't check all windows and one leading to the main hall was unlocked. She squeezed in and looked around. She had the whole building to herself and she was completely naked. She walked around and entered every room. She was reeling with ideas for her next adventure. She wanted to be naked in the building during business hours, scurrying from the hall, to the dining area, to the locker rooms, to the pro shop, and even the maintenance facilities. She would figure out a way to make it work.
She grabbed her clothes from the locker room and before dressing, decided to check out the men's quarters. It was so fancy. There were elegant couches, large trophies, plaques, and many pictures of golfer greats and pinup girls. This sparked an idea. She photographed each pinup girl and decided to recreate the photos herself and replace them. People would be staring at her pictures and not even realize.
She walked into the locker room and saw the steam room. Just a quick break, she thought. Turning it on, she could not see 2 feet in front of her. She sat on a bench naked and relaxed. She fantasized about being in here with other men, then realized that she could totally get away with it, she just needed to get past the quarters. This triggered another adventure idea. If she could dress as a man while on break, nobody would question her membership and she could sneak into the sauna and sit naked amongst the members to live out this fantasy.
She decided to shower off in the men's shower, imaging so many men around her watching her naked body. She started touching herself and rubbed her pussy. She put the camera down in the entrance facing her and started recording. She played with herself until she came, for the second time today. She took a minute to breath, realizing she was sitting in the men's shower floor, legs spread wide, panting in front of a camera. She got up and dressed. Her exciting day ended successfully and set her up for future adventures.