It is a hot summer day in April. The sky is clear as crystal. Bashir opens his room's windows. He gets a fine view of Château de Comte Foix. The castle belongs to the Foix's, an illustrious family of Versailles. Aristocrats of the past. But alas the cruelty of time. The castle is now divided into three parts and rented to commoners.
It's the southern side of the castle that is inhabited. There lives the young aristocrat Madame Zelie Honorine de Foix. She is about 30 years old, has blue eyes, white skinned, with silky long brown hair. Her curves are legendary. She is a head turner of the city. She is a single mother of three boys. They live in a boarding school in Paris. She owns a beauty chain.
Bashir has met her many a times. Being her neighbour, they've often had small talks. Basir has learnt that she's a devout Christian. Although she comes from royal lineage yet she acts just like the girl next door. They often exchange gifts during Christmas & Eid.
Bashir lights a cigarette. He likes watching the world from his windows. Coincidentally, Madame Foix's bedroom window faces his apartment's window. Although he is a good man, yet sometimes he is tempted to peep on Madame Foix. He has had wanton thoughts.
The Madame's windows are open today. He suddenly spots her. She is wearing a gym bra and shorts. She must have been exercising. He put his eyes on his binoculars for a better view. He is awestruck. She has got a really toned body. Her abs are hot. She is sweating profoundly. Suddenly he feels an erection in his pants. He is getting hot. He continues watching.
Zelie now opens her bras. Two firm & big breasts bounces out of captivity. She then strips her shorts. Her pussy is nicely trimmed. A little golden bush is all that's present.
Bashir has undressed himself in the meantime. His big, brown, thick dick is going bonkers. He starts to masturbate gently & slowly.
Bashir always heard of angels. Today he is seeing one. He wished to be lost in Zelie.
Zelie starts to dance sensually. Her boobs bounce freely, her sweaty body radiates desire. Bashir starts wanking a bit faster.
Suddenly a man approaches from behind the Madame and lifts her in his arms. Zelie giggles naughtily and kisses the man. Bashir stops masturbating & looks for more details. The man is an African it seems and is bald. He also has got a tremendous physique. He pondered if this was the Madame's lover.
Zelie is in the African's arm and suddenly he inserts his giant dick in Zelie's vagina. Then he starts thrusting roughly. Madame is moaning and laughing like a maniac. Bashir starts wanking himself. The beast bangs Madame for a long time then suddenly drops her on the bed.
He then puts her on his lap and begins thrusting her. He licks the Madame's armpit and even slaps her on the face. Madame appears now to be a total wanton, wild with desires. Bashir's dick is aching, he'll burst any moment. Suddenly he stops wanking. He wants to tease his body further.
The man then turns Zelie around and inserts himself into her anus. The Madame rolls her eyes. He starts pounding her like a madman. He is ravishing her. Bashir is loving it too so he starts licking his own armpit & masturbates roughly.
At last the hour of reckoning comes and the beast cums into Madame Foix. Bashir bursts simultaneously. Huge loads of semen bursts from his Penis everywhere into the room. He cries in desire & ecstasy.
Bashir sees the beast now putting handcuffs on Madame Foix. The Madame is a sex crazed wanton thought Bashir.
The beast then starts urinating on Zelie's beautiful boobs. The Madame laughs hysterically. She is really loving it. She is almost certainly the biggest pervert Bashir ever saw.
After this, the man opens the handcuffs from the wrists of Madame Foix. They both kiss passionately. He then departs. The Madame then again starts to dance sensually. This continues for a while.
Suddenly Zelie stops dancing & turns to the window. Bashir was watching all of this from the corner of his window. Madame has spotted him. He freezes in fear. He comes out of hiding and sees Zelie standing in front of her window. She's expressionless.
Suddenly she gives a wild, teasing laugh and pulls down the curtains. Bashir is perplexed. He doesn't know what to do. But he was sure about one thing. Madame de Foix will be in his bed at any cost. He will invade her vagina. He will own her.
TO BE CONTINUED...