I've written a few stories about my shy girlfriend Carol, and how she has been caught exposed on a few occasions.
The last story was very exciting to say the least and has led her to become more open to her "accidental" exposures if you will.
After our camping trip where she gave herself to me fully in front of a window with several people watching we had some serious conversations about it.
She was a little pissed that I knew people were watching us and that she was so embarrassed that they saw her doing things that should be between us and no one else but she got over it fairly quickly!
She couldn't understand how I could allow other men to see her naked and doing those things. I tried to explain how sexy I thought it was for others to see her in all her glory, but it did little to ease her anger & hurt at me for allowing it!
I told her that we would never see those people again and that no one would remember her but then she brought up the fact that there were photos of her and probably videos of her naked sucking my cock and fucking me!
I said most of those guys would probably just use them to masturbate to in the privacy of their own home, so not to worry as there was nothing we could do about it now anyway!
She had tears rolling down her cheeks and asked if I was alright with other men jacking off while looking at nude images of her?
I told her I only wished I could get copies & see the videos myself! It brings me great pleasure & pride knowing they would be doing themselves to her images! In fact I told her that I was so hard right now thinking of them looking at her that I was ready for another round!
She smiled a little and sniffled! I saw her looking at my groin, trying to see if I was lying!
She kept looking at my buldge so I stood, unzipped my jeans, unbuckled my belt and undid the button on my pants. This was the first time she never tried looking away and she wasn't drunk either. I opened my pants & let them fall to the floor stepping out of them.
Her eyes still locked on the bulge in my boxers as I peeled off my shirt. I then removed my boxers and my cock sprang free. She smiled and said, "You are a bit puffy aren't you now?" I stood with hands on my hips allowing it to bob up and down for her gaze!
She told me to come over to her so I stepped towards her and she reached out and felt it! She looked at it like its the first cock she ever saw. She stroked it and leaned in and kissed it and began licking it and then opened her mouth and took me as deep as she could. She worked on me a little while and then she stopped and looked up at me while stroking it.
"What is it that makes you so horny by other guys seeing me?"
"Like I said before babe, I think you are the sexiest thing I have ever seen and love it when I can show you off to others as my trophy!"
She smiled & said, "I don't think I will ever understand that!" Soon we were making love again!
In a few weeks we were going to take another trip. Nothing too out of ordinary but more of a drive than a trip.
She wanted to play some road games like getting the alphabet in order off billboards. We did that for a while then we moved to seeing who could get the most cars with same color in a set amount of time.
She chose red, I chose blue. Then I suggested we do similar with semi trucks and she chose red again but I chose white, knowing there are more white trucks than any other color!
"How would you like to make this game more interesting?" I asked.
"How would we do that?" She asked in return!
"If I were to get more white trucks than you do red trucks by 10 trucks, you have to flash your tits at the next white truck!"
"There is no way I could do that! No deal!" She exclaimed!
After some persuasion and letting her know that we would never see the truckers again, she finally agreed!
Soon I was up by ten trucks and she had to pay up! She was blushing a deep red!
"Can you cut me some slack please?" She begged.
"No deal! It's just a quick flash into oncoming traffic and will be over before you know it!" I said.
"What if I just flash my bra at them instead?"
"Nope! A bet is a bet babe! You could use your shirt to cover your face while doing it if it makes you feel better!" I told her.
"You're really going to make me do this aren't you?" She asked.
"Yes I am! In fact if you chicken out, I swear girl, I will pull this truck over, tie you in that seat with your arms up and cut your shirt and bra off of you! Then you wouldn't have anything to wear when we get there or on the way home and I will let every trucker on the road see you!"
"You wouldn't really do that to me would you?"
"In a heartbeat babe! If you don't believe me then say it! Say you won't pay your bet off and flash the next white truck! It's no big deal babe! You held your tits out for the store clerk at the camp ground for a very long time! This is just a quick flash!"
She smiled but looked concerned!
"Okay! knowing you, I believe you would do me that way & yes! I did do it a long time that day! I'm just so nervous!"
"So you will flash them?" I asked.
"I will try." She said.
Within a few minutes a white truck was coming and she was at the edge of her seat. Her hands had hold of the bottom of her blouse and she worked her finger tips under the edge of her bra. The truck was getting closer!
"You better get started!"
She made a slight attempt but at the last minute she chickened out ducking below the dash! We both laughed about it!
"Here comes another truck so get ready!"
She sobered up real fast and got her shirt and bra at the ready again! This time as the truck drew near, she got antsy and at the last minute she screamed as she raised her shirt and bra and her awesome tits jutted out pointing right into traffic!
As soon as the truck went past she quickly covered herself and curled up in a ball in the seat laughing!
We made our destination shortly afterwards and took care of business then headed the four hours back home!
We discussed her flashing a little and I told her how proud of her I was!
"Would you like to play again?" I asked.
"No, I'm tired and want to take a nap!" She said.
She laid her head in my lap and soon was asleep. I caressed her body as she lay there and she soon rolled to her back allowing me access to rub her chest!
We were on a four lane road now and every time we came up on a semi truck she would move my hands down away from her breasts!
"Babe, I want to rub them while going past the trucks & let them watch!"
"No way! They can see right down in here and what would they think if they saw me letting you do that?" She said!
"Do you really want to know what they think?" I asked her.
"Yes, but how would we know & what if they think I'm slutty?" She asked.
I flipped on my CB radio and said just close your eyes and listen! Soon we crept up along side a semi and I held my truck near the driver's door matching his speed. We both saw him look into our truck window and smile. He even waved at her and she smiled and waved back! He honked his horn and we sped up a little to catch the next truck!
Soon the driver came on the CB telling the trucker in front of us to take a look at the seat cover in the white pick up truck to your left!
As we neared his door he was already looking and honking his horn and on his CB saying to the first driver, "Man she is some sweet piece of woman" and they made comments of what they would like to do with her!
"Oh my God! Did you hear what they said about me?" She asked in astonishment!
"Hell yes I did and its hot!" I said.
"Are you kidding me? He said he wanted to have his way with me and you think that's hot?" She asked.
"Yes, because I know it's just his fantasy and mine too, but that is all it is!" I said.
I slowed down some and let them both pass us by and listened to what they had to say. She was blushing so much and laughing but deep down I knew she was eating it up!
"Would you want to have some more fun?" I asked.
"That depends on what you have in mind?" She said in a scared tone.
"What if we undid a few buttons and passed them again?" I said.
She quickly replied, "No way!"
We passed them again to more comments and soon we were coming up on another rig!
"Do you think this guy would be interested and make comments too?" I asked.
"Who knows?" She said.
I had an idea so I said, "Put your sun glasses on so they can't see your eyes and pretend to be asleep."
"Why?" She asked.
"Just do it please!"
"Okay, but this is silly!"
She put her glasses on had one arm behind her head and the other by her side.
I gave her some additional instructions. "Put one leg up on the seat bent at the knee and leave the other leg hang off side of the seat!"
She did it and it turned out even better than I expected! Her shorts had ridden up and her legs looked spread open leaving a gap in her shorts! I could only imagine what this driver was going to see!
As we approached his truck her breathing increased and she said, "I am so nervous!"
The driver looked in and honked his horn. I gave a thumbs up to him and allowed him a good long look before pulling ahead!
We listened to the CB as the trucker was telling others about this hottie he saw laying asleep on the truck seat and gave them all a full description of my truck so they can watch for her!
He said she had a nice rack but that her shorts were gaped open and he could see the crotch of her panties and how he would love to lick her! Carol blushed and covered her face with her hands!
"Oh my God! I can't believe he just said that! He saw my panties and wants to lick me! I can't believe he told everyone on the radio about seeing me!"
"Yes he did and he never said anything about you being a slut! He loved what he saw!" I gave her some assurance.
"Maybe not him but that's just one opinion!" She said.
"Well you better get ready! Here is the next truck!"
She quickly faked being asleep again and didn't even notice as my hand was rubbing her tummy!
"I want to show this one more skin! Can I raise the bottom of your shirt so your belly is out?" I asked.
She reluctantly said, "I guess."
I quickly undid three lower buttons of her blouse and pulled it open at the bottom.
The trucker was already looking as we approached and was giving other truckers a run down of what he was seeing!
Knowing she couldn't stop me or she would risk him knowing she faked sleeping, I ran my fingers across her abdomen as he watched! I even trailed a path down her pants zipper to her crotch and then we were gone! He was all over the radio telling others about it!
"I can't believe you did that while he watched Tom!"
"Did it turn you on babe?" I asked.
"Yes a little but that was embarrassing!" She replied!
The truckers were talking back and forth and one said maybe by the time they pass me she will be naked!
"Would you like to fulfill his wish?" I asked.
She slapped me & said "No way!"
"Okay, how about another button then?" I begged.
She looked down at her chest.
"Maybe one more!" She replied & I knew she was eating up the attention!
"Cool! I will do it while passing the next guy!" I said.
"Oh my God! You're terrible!"
The next truck came so as planned, my hands wandered across her body as she faked being asleep! I matched the truckers speed and he was going nuts looking at Carol!
I made my way to her button and slowly undid it. After undoing it I separated the opening to show her ample cleavage!
There was only one button left and the driver made mention of it on the radio saying he hoped I would open it! I teased at it with my fingers and she lay completely still except for her increased breathing!
I decided to go for it and popped it free! Her breasts popped the shirt open pretty far without my help! She wiggled a little as if trying to get more comfottable and in doing so her top fell completely open exposing both of her 36-C cups to this driver who was screaming about it on the radio!
I then traced my fingers around her cups and down her zipper again before passing him by!
She started laughing as she covered herself!
"That was both so exciting and embarrassing all at the same time!" She exclaimed!
"Would you like to continue playing?" I asked.
"It is kind of fun, but scary!" She said.
"Just lay back down & enjoy! Pretend to be asleep again! I'll do the rest!" I told her.
She lay down put her hand behind her head and her other hand by her side again. I quickly began caressing her and in the process proceeded to push her shirt open and off her shoulders. I began playing with her tits through her bra and soon another trucker was on the radio saying he thinks that white pick up may be coming up along side of him and that he was hoping to get an eyefull!
I continued playing with her tit as we pulled up along side his trailer!
"You're really going to do this aren't you?" She asked.
"Are you giving me permission?" I asked in return.
"Since when do you ask permission?" She asked or more like made a statement!
"So you are okay with it then?" I asked again.
"I will never be okay with any of this, but you are going to keep pressuring me till I give in, so you may as well just go ahead & do it!" She said.
"Thank you baby! You are the best!"
"Whatever!" She said.
As we pulled up along side of his truck, the driver was telling everyone how I was playing with her tits and that her shirt was wide open. He also said her legs were parted and her panties were peeking out her shorts leg!
I had his speed matched and my fingers were at the front hook of her bra. I felt her breathing stop as I took the clip between my fingers. A slight squeeze and the tiny hook sprang open!
The driver gave a play by play of what he was seeing! He told the others that I had just unhooked her bra! My fingers worked the edges of her bra cups and slowly, ever so slowly I began pushing the cups outwards showing more and more of her tit flesh with each tiny push! Soon her areolas were both starting to peek out and he announced it over the radio!
Carol heard this stranger giving a detailed description of her body as I uncovered more and more of her!
The driver announced that her right nipple came free over the radio for all to hear then her left nipple came out and it too was announced to the public now a small brush of the hand and her cups fell to her sides exposing both of her full tits to this stranger who was happy to tell the world they were free!
I hadn't seen another driver in front of this one as of yet so I decided to stay with this guy for a while longer! He was telling everyone how nice Carol's tits looked as they bounced with every bump in the road!
He told them how incredibly hard her nipples were and how he would love to suck them and then he said too bad she has her pants on!
I felt her giggle a little at that comment and decided what the hell so I traced my fingers around her nipples and down her abdomen to her pants wasteband and traced my finger across the top of her shorts.
When I got to the center I took hold of the tab with her snap button on it. She sensed what I was about to do and made a slight move maybe to let me know not to do it but I was too far gone and gave a quick yank and the snap popped open and the zipper slid partially down!
The driver was telling everyone that Carol's shorts were being opened up! I still held the tab and pulled farther and watched in slow motion as her zipper went farther and farther open till it bottomed out! I then pulled the other side of her shorts in the opposite direction opening them as far as they would go!
The driver was honking his horn and telling everyone he could see her panties now and her tits!
I slowly traced the top of her panties with my finger and slowly stuck my hand down inside them! She arched her back as my hand drifted through her soft hair! I wanted him to see her pussy so badly so I pushed her panties down in front exposing her bush to him! I only wish I could show him how wet her pussy was but her shorts prevented me from showing him!
He told the world she had a dark black bush shaped into a arrowhead and that he was watching me finger Carol on the seat. I ran my fingers down her wet slit and fingered her clit a few times and she came and came hard right there in front of him!
There was no more fake sleeping for my shy wife as her orgasm raked through her body! She thrashed in the seat as her tits bounced wildly! When it subsided she lay limp, her hands covering her face but her tits still on full display! Her body was so limp her legs just splayed open wide as she was catching her breath!
I removed my hand from her panties and saw her legs so lewdly slayed open I knew her shorts legs were gaping open so I slid a hand down the inside of her thigh and back up pulling her shorts leg open more and then I hooked her panties with my fingers and pulled them aside so the driver could see right up inside of her open pussy!
He did not miss a beat either as he announced to the whole world that her bush was black & neatly trimmed but her pussy lips were shaved slick as a baby's butt!
When she heard that come across the radio she popped her head up, slammed her legs shut and dropped in a fetal position on the floor! I sped up and we left that trucker with his memories!
"Oh my God Honey! I couldn't believe it when I felt you starting to unhook my bra! At first I thought to myself no way he will do that to me but then just like that I felt the tension release on my bra and knew you had it open!"
"Then to feel you begin to uncover them I wanted so badly to stop you but couldn't because then the driver would know I was faking being asleep and would tell everyone on that damn radio! To hear him giving a detailed play by play as to how much of my tits he could see was killing me!"
"He described my nipples to everyone! It was so fucking embarrassing and yet I was so turned on at the same time I just let it happen!"
"I couldn't believe it when after you exposed my breasts that you took it even further by squeezing them, shaking them and twisting on my nipples!"
"I was so turned on but now it's like who was I? Don't even get me started as to what was going through my mind when I felt you take hold of my pants snap! There was no doubt in my mind what you were about to do! I knew at that moment you were about to open my shorts! I started to turn in hopes of getting to my side and not allow you to open them but I was too slow because next thing I knew my pants popped open and I could feel the zipper slowly going farther and farther down! I could also feel
the redness and heat in my face get brighter and brighter! I knew you couldn't take them off so I just went with it and before I knew it your hand was inside my panties!"
"To be honest, when you began rubbing my pussy I forgot about the trucker I just wanted relief! My pussy was on fire and I didn't care if he was watching! I just opened my legs and let you take me over the edge! No sooner than you touched my soaking wet clit I knew I was a gonner!"
"That orgasm was one of the best I've ever had! I felt your hand pulling my shorts and panties to the side and thought you were going to do me again and I didnt want it to stop! Then reality struck me to the core when over the radio I heard the trucker saying how he could see right up inside my cunt and gave a very detailed description of what I look like down there to the entire CB world! I just wanted to die I was so embarrassed but on the same note I was so horny I just didn't care!"
The rest of the ride was uneventful but when we got home the sex was better than ever and the questions of my exposing her began once more!
I can't wait to tell you more in Part 07!