This is something I carry around with me everywhere. The memory of these sights and sensations remain untouched by the onslaught of time. They come rushing back whenever I spot the blue intercity trains. The musty smell of the 3rd AC compartment dominated by the aromas of masala chai, spicy food, stinking socks and.. cum.
I work in a metropolitan city in India and after a career of almost a decade, I have now achieved the ultimate Indian middle class stature of not having to travel in trains. I always enjoyed traveling in trains and I would still prefer it over airplanes but life does not allow the luxury of time anymore.
My family lives in the southern part of the country and I had decided to attend college in the north. Thus, the train journey took no less than 35 hours and felt like eternity. I had written my final year exams and bid goodbye to all my friends. College was over and everyone was homebound. I usually preferred the Non AC Sleeper coaches but this time my family insisted, for my safety, that I travel in 3 tier AC coach. Their confidence in men respecting a women's space on the basis of their economic status is highly misplaced but I did not have the option to argue.
The tickets were booked and sent by mail. It was a few days after my 19th birthday and a week after my first break up. I was a mixed bag of emotions and would occasionally, without provocation, burst into tears. People around me thought I have lost someone and I am going back to bid them good by. That is what I had always thought of when I saw people crying in trains.
The only good part about this journey was my seat. Side Lower. If you have ever seen the arrangement of the Indian intercity train you would agree that while traveling alone, the side lower seats are the ones to aspire for. They are not facing other seats directly and in an AC compartment there is an option to draw the curtains which almost completely isolates the berth from the rest of the coach.
In the rush to pack and leave I had not even looked at my ticket and it was only when I reached my seat did I realize that I did not possess a confirmed seat. I had an RAC ticket. Which means that I would have to share my seat with another passenger. My dreams of privacy went out of the window and were quickly replaced with the anxiety of sharing that tiny berth with a stranger. I started imagining who my fellow passenger would be and I could not come up with any comfortable option apart from another girl.
Any boy of any age would make the journey very awkward and uncomfortable. I would spend the next 35 hours worrying if my bra is showing or if my T-Shirt has ridden up my belly or if my jeans have slipped to reveal my underwear. Even if none of this happens, the boy/ man could still be staring like it is his only hobby in life and I would have to endure it without creating too much fuss. I now hoped the curtains could separate the berth into halves. There was no question of sleeping anyways, at least I could sit in peace.
Soon the train started moving and there was no one on my berth. I wondered if the fellow passenger has not boarded but my happiness would turn out to be short lived. Soon enough a lady entered and put her bags on the berth in front of me. She was carrying a child in one hand and her bag in the other. I started thinking about the strength she must have, may be it comes with the hormones that are released at childbirth.
She had a sweet face and gave me a warm smile. I instantly noticed her breasts. They were too big for a woman of her size. They did not seem too firm but were shapely none the less. I felt a little jealous when I thought of my own breasts.
They had started developing early and showed much promise but the growth halted midway, it seemed. I can perfectly cup them in my hands and have my fingers touch the rib cage without pressing. They always felt good in my hands and attracted their share of attention. However, I always hoped to be slightly bigger.
It was the first of the two nights that I would have to spend in the train and I had come prepared. I jammed the earphones in my ears and took out a book. I rolled myself into a corner and hid under a blanket with just enough space for my eyes to read the book and my hands to turn the pages. The music did a good job of drowning all the chatter from the adjacent seats but it would not stand a chance against the baby. It seems he heard this and started wailing uncontrollably.
His mother lifted him up with one hand and drew the curtains with the other. She requested that I do the same on my end. I had to switch on the reading light as the berth became dark all of a sudden. The lady then undid her blouse and out popped her left boob. It was glorious and I kept staring at it for some time. The baby was directed to it and he finally calmed down.
Since we were two women, alone and separated from the rest of the coach the lady did not feel the need to strain herself to cover up. I kept drifting my eyes from my book to look at this glorious act. The woman was busy in her phone while the baby suckled away. Her breasts were brilliant round globes and her skin was smooth. I ached to see the nipples but the baby's head was covering it.
Eventually, the baby seemed to let go and the woman undid her right boob and put him to it. Her left one, still un buttoned, hung freely. In between this switch there was a moment when her breasts were completely free. I stared wide eyed at her big areola's and stiff nipples. I felt drawn towards them. The lady noticed this and gave me a wide smile. Embarrassed, I hid behind my book.
"It is fine, you can look if you want to" the lady spoke. I felt a shiver run down my spine. What kind of creep had I become, staring at a breast feeding woman. I raised my head out from the book and smiled back. "I have never seen such big ones, mine are.. tiny compared to you". The lady chuckled. "You have no idea what they do to my back, I used to like them when I was your age, they got me a lot of attention from boys obviously, but now I feel they are a burden I must carry around all my life. I am thinking of getting them reduced".
The feeding was done successfully as the boy quickly fell asleep. The lady buttoned her blouse and wrapped her saree. The curtains were finally drawn and things went back to normal. Soon, however, the lights of the coach were shut and a few people decided that it was time for everyone to go to sleep. I tried to continue reading in the dim reading light but struggled. I eventually gave up and decided to call it a night.
The lady and her baby needed more space and tiny me had no option but to squeeze in a corner. My legs reached her breasts and I felt them every time she turned. I undid my bra and freed my own two puppies. I let them rest on her feet in return. She flicked her toes as if to show her appreciation.
I felt cozy in the warm blanket and my hands went on an exploration under it. I rubbed and consoled my breasts. They did not deserve all this pointless jealousy! My pussy, however, was not in the mood to listen. It was wet beyond control. The sticky juices flowed everywhere and my underwear had become completely damp. I hoped that it would not show through the shorts. As I moved my hands in to feel her I also felt the bruises, the memory of Kartik flooded back.
He did not do it intentionally but he just loved his beard more than me. Every time he went down on me, his rough beard would bruise my inner thighs or the lips of my opening. I had to push him away because of the pain but he took this as a response to his amazing technique, as something that I just could not handle and had to push him.
We had a huge fight about this and well, he decided he wanted to keep his beard so he decided to never go down on me again.
He enjoyed the numerous blow jobs I gave and made sure that I know with his little head taps and moans but he never bothered to find out how I like to be dealt with. I craved for some good touch, for some moist, well informed tongue to play with me down there. I had to break up with Kartik and while I cried about it, I knew I deserved better.
With that confidence I started rubbing myself. I tried to imagine a tongue in there and then suddenly, the image of the lady's glorious breasts came in front of my eyes. I could still feel the weight of them on my feet. I turned to press mine on her feet and in no time, I orgasmed. Noting makes me fall asleep like coming.
I woke up to find the lady packed and ready to leave. The train would be arriving at her destination soon. The lady smiled and bid me good by. The memory of last night flashed in front of my eyes. I stared at her breasts and then instantly looked up to meet her eyes. She simply chuckled and waved at me. I smiled sleepily and stretched my legs.
I felt happy to finally reclaim the berth. I decided to put my bra back in the bag. I have traveled many times without a bra. I was in fact debating if I should get rid of my underwear as well. It is not good to have a wet underwear on the whole day. As the lady left I stretched my legs under the blanket and undid my pants and removed the underwear. It felt quite thrilling.
There was a group of boys on the seats right next to me. 6 of them, probably juniors from my college. They had been trying to make eye contact with me since the beginning. I thought it is the right time to respond. I smiled and asked their batch details and where they were going. They were descent boys and had no idea that I lay bottomless under the blanket.
My pussy was going quite crazy by now. The train reached the next station and people started moving about. I had to end this madness and I eventually pulled up my PJ's. I searched for my underwear under the blanket but could not find it anywhere. It would be embarrassing when it falls out in front of someone.
I still had a whole day to go and I hoped there would be no one for the rest of the journey. However, It was not to be so.