Time and Time Again

The road stretched before Elena fringed with white-gold grass. Iron red plateaus shrouded in half shadow pressed around her. The sun was dipping, making the light long and golden.
The fucking truck stalled out on her again. The truck that carried her fromtheretohere. Thethereshe left four months ago oozed moisture. Moisture beaded on her lip every time she walked outside from dark window unit chilled bars. It gathered like pearls and slid down in long clear tracks on the mildewed windows. Her skin cloaked in protective water. Never a need to irrigatethere. Always a need to irrigatehere.
She had been pushed here like the barges on the river, back to the dust. She was moved by the water. The hurricane tore the banana trees into bike handlebar ribbons. The water rushed in from the Mississippi sloshing hard and brown around the city, drowning them in Chee Wees bags, street signs, Styrofoam cups, pink plastic newspaper bags, tires. Pieces of themselves, crushing them out. Their hearts compressed and distributed until there was nothing left.
So here she was, back on the res. Her half-brother leaving his hands on her shoulders too long. Her father frail and still in his heavy sweaters. Kids in dirty Minnie mouse shirts pushing one another on an old plastic swing set. And now. Now she propped herself against the heat of the engine with the hood, fanning the smoke that spiraled out.
A lone coyote giggled at the approach of dark.
The hiss of another car coming through the plains in that lonely fading day reached her and she stood on tiptoe to see the vehicle. Her heart raced. She pulled out her phone. No service. It was someone on a motorcycle. Motorcycles usually meant men and men were dangerous. The motorcycle chugged down a gear as it approached. It cycled down and she could see the rider, small and wiry, her small tits pressing against the fabric of her thin Def Leppard shirt. A woman. Her breathing slowed. The woman's hair was cropped close cutting against the sharp angle of her jawline. Her pale green eyes large. The engine chugged and the woman grinned.
"Need a ride?" A Southern accent. "I'm headed to Crestone. I can drop you anywhere on the way."
"Yeah, that would be awesome."
"Where you headed?"
"Back to the res. I was going to stop at the Stop n' Shop to get some beers."
The woman grinned. Her teeth overlapped and crooked. So incongruous against her full lips and clear dusky skin.
"Who were you going to drink em with? If you don't mind me askin. Boyfriend?"
"Naw. It just seemed like a good night to get drunk."
She imagined sitting on a plateau, away from her niece thrusting the heavy i-Pad at her, some cartoon with flat-eyed dogs wearing police uniforms blaring canned music. Away from ash-burned yellow linoleum. Away from the cold glare of the television. A cold beer swishing down her throat against the dryness of this place she had never intended to return to while the stars spread above her in ancient repetitions of themselves. The press of the cool rocky ground against her back. He fingers slipping under the waistband of her jeans to nudge her stiff clit into a warm staccato. Wetness in her underwear.
The woman's voice cut through her fantasy.
"Well, we can still do that."
"Do what?" Elena asked.
"Get drunk." The woman grinned. "Come on, I'm buying. I just got paid and now I gotta blow it on some pretty girl."
Elena blushed and dragged her fingers across the top of her scalp, feeling the softness of her hair flow to one side.
"Where did you want to go?"
"Junie's over off 491."
She pulled a crushed pack of Juicy Froot gum from the front pocket of her tight jeans, holding it out for Elena to grab a piece. Elena dragged a warm, wrinkled piece from the pack and picked off the sticky wrapper before sliding it into her mouth. The sweetness drenched her mouth.
"I'm Denise by the way," the woman giggled and stuck out her hand. "You should probably know who you're getting onto a motorcycle with, huh?"
Elena giggled. Her heart bumped as Denise crossed her tattooed arms, grinning and pulsing her jaw as she resituated the already fading gum.
"I've never heard of Junie's and I grew up here."
"Huh. It's been here a real long time, but it's kind of hidden." Denise lifted up her seat, drawing out a dusty helmet. "Safety first!"
"You're not wearing one," Elena said.
"Yeah, but I'm dumb." She cranked the motorcycle back to life, the helmet tucked under her arm. "You coming?" she yelled over the chugging engine.
Elena grabbed the helmet and slung her leg over the back of the bike, sliding the half helmet down on her head and clipping the strap. She wrapped her arms around Denise's middle, feeling the softness of her breasts brush her arms as she slid her knees against the little woman's hard thighs. The back of her neck smelled like sun and earth and cheap shampoo.
The motorcycle vibrated under them and Elena felt the seam of her jeans pressing against her stiffening clit. They pulled out onto the highway, the gravel crunching under the tires, fishtailing and weaving just for a moment before the road opened before them. The sun set behind the plateaus, washing everything in furious red-orange light before the blueish cool of desert dusk whipped around them. Elena's raven-black hair streaming behind her. Her heart beat against Denise's back as her desire welled up in the slit cut by her tight jeans. Denise reached down and stroked her arm for a moment. Her hand small and warm against the cold desert wind.
***
The bar stood nestled against the foot of a plateau a few turns off of 165. The aged signage read "Junie's" in pink seventies bubble font. Motorcycles and muscle cars glinted under the orange hunter's moon in a line on the gravel. The smell of woodsmoke and cigarettes, tinny jukebox music and laughter floated from behind the ajar wooden door. The gravel crunched underfoot as the two women stumbled over rocks toward the bouncer, giggling, clutching at one another.
The bouncer sat underneath a green plastic UFO, cupping his hand around a cigarette. His arms thick with muscle under his bronze skin, pressed against his sides. His long black hair bound in a loose braid hung down his back. He looked up as they approached. He grinned at Denise, a single golden tooth glinting under the orange floodlights.
"Hey sugar," he said, his deep voice resonating as he stood up from his wooden stool.
"Hey Wendell," she crooned and leaned in for a hug.
His huge arms twined around her middle and he lifted her off the ground. Elena saw his Charter patch on the back of his leather motorcycle vest. A war bonnet perched on a grinning skull. He turned before she could make out the rest.
"Who's your friend?" He asked.
"Wendell this is Elena."
He smiled.
"Maiku, Elena. I think you're going to have a real good time here tonight."
"Maiku,"she responded, touching his arm lightly. "Yeah, I think I am too."
Denise wrapped her arms around her middle and perched her chin on her shoulder.
"Are we going to see you in there?" Denise asked the grinning Wendell.
"Oh, yes. I'm coming in as soon as Jimmy gives me the go-ahead. Especially with you two. I don't want to miss out on the fun."
The two women giggled and twined their fingers together, pressing against one another. Elena could feel the heat rising in her belly. Her nipples tightening under her thin flannel shirt. Wendell glanced down, his immutable grin pulling at the corners of his mouth. Denise reached around and cupped Elena's breasts.
"Wendell! You are nasty. Now I have to protect her honor." Denise's breath was hot on her neck. Gooseflesh gathered on her scalp and her clit pressed swelled against her panties.
"Yeah Wendell. What are we going to do with you?" Elena looked into his black eyes, the corners creased into thin crow's feet.
"You'll have to buy me a beer, I guess." Wendell pushed the door open for them. "See you in there. And Denise?...Save some for me."
***
As they walked in, they were greeted with the sight of a naked woman on a pool table, her legs scissored open as a thin, olive-skinned woman with a halo of natural hair lapped at her clitoris while sliding her fingers in and out of her wet hole. Creamy wetness dripped down onto the green felt from her thick thighs. Her large breasts bounced as she drove her hips toward the other woman's soft mouth. Two men leaned against the wall, leaning on their pool cues and watching intently. Their thick cocks pressed against the front of their tight jeans. One of them raised his beer to Denise and smirked.
"You didn't tell me there was going to be drinks and a show," Elena said, tucking her hand in Denise's back pocket.
As they approached the bar, Elena noticed that everyone was dressed in 80s attire. The smell of hairspray, old beer, and bad weed hung in the air. An old jukebox glowing blue and red blared Motley Crue from the corner. A cigarette machine held vintage packs of Pall Malls and Camel Lights, each bright and new.
The woman on the pool table moaned and arched her back as the olive-skinned woman sucked at her, pressing harder into the cleave of her with her fingers.
The bartender nodded at Denise and put out two spotty shot glasses. His blond curls brushed against his worn sleeveless jean jacket. His ropy arms, striated with muscle, were covered in golden hair. His knuckles were tattooed with the words "Hold Fast," the greenish lettering wavy and faded.
"The usual?" He asked, his crooked teeth glinting through his lips.
"We're celebrating," she said.
"Oh yeah? What'll be then? Something sweet?"
"Yeah!" She turned to Elena. "What should we get? Jimmy here can makeanything"
"How about a Sazerac?"
He laughed, his bare chest hitching under the patched jean vest.
"I don't have bitters here." He gestured at the pocket knife hewn tables and sticky floors. "I tell you what, I'll make you two the best Kamikaze you've ever had."
The woman on the pool table moaned behind them, guttural in her release, as he deftly drained vodka into jelly jars. His gray eyes flashing up as her cries rose above the loud music. Denise leaned across the table, propping her tits up on the bar.
"When can Wendell come play?" She crooned as she leaned across the bar. "We have to show our new a guest a good time."
"He should be coming in any time now." He winked at Elena. "You better go and get your favorite spot. I can bring these to you two."
"Oh thanks Jimmy! Are you playing tonight?"
"I think I might. I'll be back there in a little bit once I get everyone settled. Could you get the candles lit, though? We gotta get that portal going."
"Yep!"
Denise nuzzled against Elena's neck and wrapped her arm around her waist, pulling on her toward a set of swinging doors at the back of the bar.
"What's that about a portal?" Elena asked as she followed Denise past the swinging doors into a room with upholstered platforms piled with freshly laundered pillows. The back wall was hung with sex toys, each carefully arranged in rows according size, shape, function, utility.
"Jimmy is just being funny. It's an inside joke," Denise said, lighting a complex array of candles on a round table in the center of the room. "Now, while we wait for the others, you want to try some of these out?" She pulled a thick purple dildo strapon from the center of the display and smacked it against her hand.
Elena, already warmed and slick, drew Denise close and slid her tongue into her mouth, drawing the dildo from her hand with one hand and pressing the fingers of her other hand against the warm crease over the front of Denise's jeans.
"I think we could give it a shot."
Denise sucked in her breath and pressed against her hand, grinding and opening her kitten-pink mouth for kisses. Elena unbuttoned the brass button at the top of Denise's high-waisted jeans and yanked the zipper down, sliding her hand into the warm void, past the soft curls of pubic hair, finding the delicate, slick little lips. She hooked her fingers into the wetness, pressing and sliding them in and out against the ribbed G-spot.
Denise pressed against her neck, arching her hips against her. Her pale hands lifting up Elena's shirt to lift her breasts, tweaking her peaked brown nipples.
Elena put the dildo on one of the platforms and yanked down Denise's jeans, tugging the stiff denim over the thickly muscled calves, downy with fine hair. Denise's white cotton panties were nearly transparent from her arousal and her little pink lips peeked through. Elena slid her hand under the wet fabric and massaged the hardening little kernel of her clit, pressing back the hood gently as Denise curved toward the pressure of her fingers, lifting up her own t-shirt to reveal heavy soft breasts tipped with round pink nipples.
Elena drew a nipple into her mouth and sucked as she worked Denise with her right hand, feeling her gush as she rubbed against her stiff clit with the heel of her hand.
"I'm coming. I'm coming!" Denise huffed into her ear.
The walls of her vagina clamped down around her fingers and Denise tipped her head back standing on her tiptoes as she shuddered. A pink flush rose up her neck and flooded her cheeks. Her body loose and warm in Elena's arms. The briny smell of sex heavy in the warm dark room.
"Now it's your turn," Denise said and knelt to tug down Elena's leggings, revealing her own pitch-black patch of public hair and thick, wet maroonish lips. Elena leaned against one of the platforms, gripping the rough sides and spreading her legs for the hungry little mouth.
Denise pushed back the hair and slid her long tongue into the hot, wet cleft of her swollen cunt, tonguing it apart and pushing her thin fingers into her, spreading her, lifting her. Heat drifted through her belly and loins, tingling and pulsing. Denise withdrew her fingers and grabbed the dildo from the platform beside them, nudging it against Elena's dripping pussy. Elena hopped backwards onto the platform and spread her legs again, pulling apart her own lips and whining for penetration. She felt the warm silicon driving into her, splitting her, fucking her. Denise circled her clit with her tongue, her soft heavy breasts brushing against her legs as she fucked her with the dildo. Creamy wetness oozed out around the phallus. Her stiff clit warming and warming under the flicking of the torturous pink tongue, until the sunburst of her orgasm gripped the dildo and spasmed against it.
She collapsed back on the soft platform.
Suddenly she felt larger hands on her thighs, rougher, more masculine. She looked up to see Wendell rubbing her inner thigh as he helped Denise onto the platform like he was helping a lady onto a train. She crawled across the platform and smoothed her hair back and kissed her, sucking on her lips and tongue. Wendell's hands smoothed up toward her hungry pussy, his thumb twirling over her clit. She arched toward his touch, feeling her nipples stiffen as the AC kicked on. He fingered her, his thick fingers spreading her and stretching her. Denise got on her knees and knelt over Elena's mouth, dipping her silky lips into her mouth. Elena licked up into the salty hole, sucking the clit and feeling around her for the dildo as Denise ground into her mouth, filling it with salty juices.
Wendell unzipped his tight jeans to reveal his thick cock, beading clear fluid. It slapped against his hard belly as he pulled his boxers down. His body a temple to masculinity. Wide shouldered and muscled, almost glowing in the candlelight. Flat, firm chest and heavy forearms. His aquiline face serious in concentration as he pressed the head of his cock against Elena's spread pussy. He leaned against platform with her legs on either side of him and slid into her. She gasped, still licking at Denise's swollen lips, as he fucked her. He held her hips and drove into her in long even strokes.
He noticed her groping for the dildo and placed it into her hand. She grabbed it and pushed it into the pussy above her, holding it tight as Denise worked herself on it, her fine-boned fingers rubbing her clit as she bounced on the phallus in time to Wendell's thrusts. She could feel the head of his cock tracing against her G-spot. Another flash of heat. She squirmed with the rising tide of her orgasm. Wendell, feeling her tightening and arching against him, licked his thumb and rubbed it over her tight clit, until she bucked against him in release.
Denise dismounted from the dildo and crawled down from the table to stand behind Wendell as he withdrew his cock, wrapping her fingers around the wet member and stroking it firmly. He pumped into her hand until, a spurt of milky cum drained from the tip.
"Wait. Wait," he begged, his large body powerless under her spell.
The room was filling up with people, all whipping off their curiously dated clothing to gather on the platforms. Some were tied up and naked at the front of the room, where other patrons would drift by and play with their tits or cocks, licking and stroking them, but never to satisfaction. They strained against their bounds, begging for release.
The same woman being pleasured on the pool table from before had two beautiful young women suckling on each of her breasts as she reclined, while a big biker rubbed a vibrator over her clit as he slipped into her.
One young man with a tightly-styled mullet arched his back as a tiny woman with black eyes drove a strap-on into his ass while he sucked off one of the other bikers.
Jimmy stepped over a couple spoon-fucking in the middle of the floor, carefully balancing their drinks, a cigarette dangling from his lower lip. His body lean and tattooed in the glow of the soft lights. Wendell and Denise were wrapped in one another's arms, beckoning her to them as Jimmy approached. She slid off the platform and edged close to them, her body still pumping with desire.
"Hey Jimmy, you gonna play tonight?" Wendell asked, taking the drink tray from him and setting it on the platform, his cock still stiff.
"I had thought about it." He sounded almost shy as he glanced at Elena.
He drew his hand through his blond curly mohawk and took a sip of his beer.
"It's been a long time. You should play with us!" Denise said, stroking down the side of Elena's breast as they sipped their Kamikazes. Their bodies still flushed and excited.
"Yeah, it's been a long time."
Elena moved toward him and slid her hand under his jean vest, feeling his heartbeat thud against her hand. He shuddered and leaned into her touch. Wendell slid the jean jacket off of his friend's shoulders and leaned down to kiss the side of his neck. His lean body tight as a drum. Denise dragged her finger down Elena's spine and whispered, "I think he likes you. I know do."
They giggled, leaning into one another again. Licking. Nipping. Fingernails dragging. Heat surging between thighs. Wendell wrapped his thick forearm across Jimmy's chest and leaned him back against his chest as Elena knelt in front of the bartender and unfastened his pants. His cock pressed back against the fabric as she slid them over his thin hips. She took it in her hand and slid down the thick shaft nestled in sandy curls. Wendell sucked at his ear, still holding him tight. He moaned, his cock bobbing in her hand.
Denise disappeared into the warm, dark room toward the toy wall as Elena motioned the men toward the platform. They crawled onto the platform, the room pulsating around them with naked bodies.
"Here, face each other on your knees," Elena murmured and pointed to the center of the platform. Both men obeyed, their faces open and flushed with desire. Wendell drew her to his chest for a moment, sliding his tongue into her mouth, kneading her breasts in his great rough hands. Jimmy leaned forward and kissed her shoulders and neck from behind, his tongue warm and wet as it trailed behind her ear. His erection pressed against her back.
She slid down to all fours and took Wendell's cock into her mouth, pushing it back against her palate and sucked, running her tongue along frenulum. Jimmy squeezed her calves for a moment and then dropped down behind her to lap her pussy from behind. He sucked at her labia, thrusting his tongue inside of her. He rubbed her clit and slid his thumb into her, as Wendell pushed her hair from her face and looked into her eyes as she sucked his cock, reaching under her to pinch and hold her breasts with his work-hardened hand. She could smell woodsmoke and soap on his skin, as he peered into her eyes, their eyes locked in blackness.
Jimmy stood back up onto his knees and nudged his cock against her dripping pussy from behind and pushed inside of her, splitting her with its girth. He rocked back and forth, holding on to her hips with his tattooed hands, matching Wendell's rhythm. They leaned across her and kissed. Jimmy's stubble scratching against Wendell's. Another orgasm pressed with urgency inside of her as Denise returned with an armful of toys and deposited them on the platform beside the impaled Elena. Vibrators and dildos rolled around her in a cacophony of color.
Denise picked up a small silver dildo and stroked lube over it and slid it into Elena's anus. The sensation of being filled and stuffed and fucked flooded over her as she came, squirming and bucking so hard that Jimmy lost control and filled her up with white cum that oozed and slid down the backs of her thighs.
He pulled out, his cock still thick and full.
"Think you can go another round?" Denise giggled.
In response he grabbed her around the waist and bit at her nipple playfully. She stroked up and down his hard shaft, the mingling of his and Elena's cum squeezing through her fingers. He reached under the backs of her thighs and lifted her onto the platform, pushing her gently back against the pile of pillows behind her head. Elena followed him onto the platform as Jimmy mounted her, running her hands down and over his pale tattooed back. She reached over to the toy pile and retrieved the purple dildo with straps dangling from it and stepped into in and heaved the straps over thighs, fumbling with the buckles and straps. Wendell clambered onto the platform, his huge body causing it to bow in the middle, and assisted her, stroking her breasts and running his fingers down her back when she was secured in the harness.
She drenched the dildo in lube and crawled behind Jimmy, who held Denise's wrists above her head as he fucked her. Elena soaked her fingers in lube and slid them over Jimmy's anus, pressing her fingertip inside of him. He sighed as she delved deeper, feeling him squeeze and relax. She inserted her middle finger, stretching him as she dripped more lube onto her fingers. Denise pushed her hips toward him, her pink nipples tight and hard with desire. Once he relaxed around her fingers, she slipped them out and brought the dildo up to his hole and slid it in. She reached over his back and twined her fingers in his mohawk as she rocked the dildo in and out, pulling his head back as he pumped into Denise.
Wendell moved to Denise's head and stroked the sides of her face, looking down at her, his cock stiff and huge by her face. She reached up and grabbed it, sliding it down her throat. Wendell gasped, holding Jimmy's shoulders as he drove into her hot, warm mouth. His arms slabbed with muscle, rippled under the neon beer signs and candlelight. His cock pulsed in her mouth, leaking salty bitterness down her throat. She rubbed her own clit as Jimmy fucked her, feeling the heat rise inside, the fireworks bursting across her engorged clit. Her pussy contracted around Jimmy's cock as she spurted warm clear fluid onto the platform. She sucked harder as she came, drawing Wendell deeper and deeper until he burst into her mouth, flooding her mouth with briny cum.
The foursome collapsed onto the platform together, nuzzling into one another. Each kissed the other, tongues gliding into hot, soft mouths. After a few moments of cuddling and stroking, Elena and Denise slid off the platform to head to the bathroom, swatting away Wendell's hands as he pinched at their asses playfully.
The bathroom was clean and painted purple with pink triangles marching across the walls. They tittered and joked as they peed side by side in the adjoining stalls. Elena came out to wash her hands and noticed there were no mirrors above the wall-mounted sinks studded with shiny cobalt tile.
"Weird that there aren't any mirrors," she said to Denise.
"Oh yeah. Never thought about it."
"It's just..."
Strange sounds from the playroom seeped through the wooden door. The room seemed to expand and contract around them as drum beats and moaning thrummed down the hallway. Denise turned to her and gripped her shoulders, staring into her eyes. Her mouth set in sweet concern.
"What time is it?" Denise asked, her voice high and nervous.
Elena pulled her phone from her pocket and flipped it open, peering at the tiny numbers.
"It's 2:57, damn still no service."
"I think I should take you home."
"But I still have a full drink."
"It's closing time."
"But I still hear people."
Denise gave her a light push out of the bathroom door int the hallway.
"We really need to go."
"Ok, ok! Can I get my jacket?"
A low hum rumbled across the floor. Elena felt strange and light, her heart beating in her ears. Denise pulled her by the elbow to the front door. The world seemed to waver around them as they exited the bar. The gravel parking lot was empty.
"Oh my god. Where is your bike?" She turned to face Denise, but the woman was gone.
The sodium lights in the parking lot were broken and bent. Chaparral poked through the gravel. The windows of the bar grinned at her with teeth of broken glass. The front door, where Wendell sat just hours before, was boarded over with graffiti slashed plywood. A pentagram stood vigil over the dollars signs and fucks hastily blitzed on the half-rotted wood with red spray paint. The mountains pressed in around her, cold and dark. Her breath puffed around her. She would freeze without her coat.
She pulled out her red keyring flashlight and peered over the broken glass. The neon signs lay broken and scattered across the floor, shining like pyrite under the bean of her flashlight. The cigarette machine was tumped on its side, the glass spread around it. The bar itself was rotting away.
A lone coyote giggled from somewhere deep in the mountainside.
Elena pushed against the plywood with her palm. It yielded under her touch, breaking into thirds. She stepped through the door, her heart thudding. The walls were tracked with bubble letter graffiti. The felt on the pool table was shredded and matted.
"Denise? Wendell? Jimmy?" She called.
No answer.
Her feet slid through the debris on the floor as she inched her way toward the playroom.
"Hello?"
The ceiling in the hallway rippled with movement. She shined her flashlight over black leathery wings and the round black pearls of bat eyes above her. The guano crunched underfoot as she edged toward the playroom.
When she got to the curtained room and peered in, the platforms had been reduced to piles of old lumber. The pillows were shredded and strewn about. She looked toward the center platform where she and Denise and Jimmy and Wendell licked and sucked and entered one another. Her deliciously sore cunt throbbed at the memory. She could still smell the sandalwood on her skin from Denise.
Her jacket sat neatly folded on the corner of a pile of beams where she left it. She rushed over and grabbed it, feeling the silky lining fold over her arms as she slid it on. Bats squeaked overhead. She sprinted for the front door like a child running to the bathroom in the silent night.
***
The headlights from her father's truck bounced toward her from the east. The moon was a cold crescent touching the tip of a cloaked mother mountain. Elena stood in the parking lot jumping up and down, rubbing her arms against the dry cold.
Pop pulled into the parking lot, cranking the old stick on the dash into park. The engine growled and rumbled with exhaust. The gray patched seats were warm against her cold skin as she slid in beside him. His liquid brown eyes settled on her as she spread her fingers in front of the vents.
"What are you doing out here, little daughter?"
"My truck broke down and I caught a ride here with a friend."
"Why here? And where is your friend?" He pulled the cap off of a Thermos and poured a steaming cup of cocoa for her.
She sipped it, feeling her mouth flood with warm sweetness.
"Do you need me to drive, Pop? I know you don't see so good," she said, hoping to distract him from this line of questioning.
"No, I see fine."
He tugged the stick shift down into reverse and backed out of the parking lot, the gravel crunching under the tires.
"Pop, have you heard of this place before? Junie's I mean?"
"Oh yes," he said, squinting at the road and inching closer to the steering wheel. "The feds came in and shut it down in nineteen and eighty-eight after finding out it was some kind of sex cult when a girl turned up dead in their bathroom. Said they had all kinds of dirty things in there. Said the folk were trying to open a portal or something. Couldn't say to where, though. These mountains are old."
"How did she die?"
"I don't think they ever found out. Wendell bought her motorcycle though. I think he used to work there."
"Wendell?" She felt the skin on her scalp prickle.
"Yeah, he still lives on the res. He used to tell us about how he used to sleep with that girl and this beautiful Ute girl who was dressed funny for the time. He swears she had a cell phone." Pop pinched his fingers like he was smoking a joint and winked at her.
Elena smiled faintly and turned to face the window, the snow-dusted mountains vibrating with a primordial force. She drew a strand of hair to her nose and breathed in the smell of sandalwood and beer and bad weed.