I took a gentle sip of my Pinot Noir as I carefully made my way outside. The fresh summer air hit my face as I strolled onto the balcony.
"Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to intrude," I whispered, turning back towards the house.
"It's no intrusion, April. Stay. It's a beautiful night for being outside," replied Owen.
Especially with such a sexy man, I thought.
With a small smile, I stepped into the night and took the seat next to Owen.
As the smoke from his cigarette blew into the distance, he turned to me. "I take it William is asleep?"
"Yep. William pretty much passed out as soon as the movie started."
Owen chuckled slightly, "Like father, like son. Movies always knock me out."
"It's cool, we had fun before the film," I said.
"Yes, I heard your passionate 'fun' from downstairs."
Shit! I didn't think my moaning was that loud. "I'm so sorry, Owen! I didn't know I was so loud. We didn't mean to disrespect-"
"April," he said, interrupting my rambling apology, "you're fine. I was just joking. Besides, I'm happy my son can treat you right," he said with a naughty wink.
Well, I was not expecting that. However, I had wondered if Owen heard us when he was in the bedroom next door. I decided to push my luck.
"So, what, exactly, do you hear?" I asked nervously.
He paused. "Honestly, I can hear you moaning through the walls, especially when William is spanking your ass," he said, moving a bit closer. "But I don't always hear you orgasm. Which is a damn shame."
"It sure is," I replied softly.
"A woman with your body," he said slowly, his leg brushing against my bare thigh, "should be cumming every night. I'm sure my son tries hard, but you strike me as someone who needs to be dominated. You need someone who can put you in your place."
"And who exactly would that be?" I asked quietly.
He kissed me.
I could taste the cigarette smoke on his breath as he pulled me in closer. I'm ashamed to say I did not pull away.
Truth is, ever since I met William's dad, I've had fantasies of fucking him. Sometimes I even think of Owen while I'm being intimate with William.
"I can tell by the way you look at me that you need to be dominated tonight," Owen said, disrupting my thoughts.
"Yes, please," I begged.
His mood changed with my answer.
"I always knew you were a fucking filthy slut," he said between forceful kisses. The stubble on his chin tickling my face, his hand reaching its way up my bare leg. Slowly making its way under my dress, his fingers soon found their mark. He looked at me, questioningly, "You aren't wearing any panties?"
I shook my head. "I left them upstairs after we-"
"Did you cum?" he interrupted.
"No."
"Oh, April, we will have to fix that," he said as he started to trace the entrance of my pussy. His finger moving slowly, deliberately. His light kisses dotted my neck as his finger eventually entered my pussy. I gasped softly as he whispered in my ear,
"I've always wanted to have your beautiful tight cunt."
"More," I pleaded. I felt a second finger enter. Both fingers easing inside of me. Past the first knuckle, and then the second, until both fingers were fully inside. My back arched as I shifted towards the edge of the chair. Trying desperately to have more of Owen in me.
He shushed me as my gasps started to get louder. We were both knew we were in a shitload of trouble if William woke up.
I took a deep breath and tried to control my volume. But I knew I had my work cut out when Owen started to rub the inside of my pussy, sliding across my g-spot with a gentle rhythm.
"Fuck," I started before he covered my mouth with his hand. I groaned against his palm as he increased his pace. His fingers worked my g-spot while his thumb rubbed my clit. My body moving in sync with his fingers. Ecstasy starting to build up with each stroke.
"Fuck April, you are so tight around my fingers! I want to sink my cock in your wet tasty cunt."
I whimpered a bit when he removed his fingers.
"Get on your knees. Show me what you're worth."
With that command, I dropped to the ground. Kneeling between Owen's legs, I felt the coldness of the balcony floor against my bare knees. My heart raced as I unbuttoned his jeans. The sound of the zip seemed to pierce the night as it lowered. I could see his cock straining against his blue boxers. He was a lot bigger than his son! As my eyes caught his stare, I could tell he knew that.
"Take it out," he ordered. With a quick motion, I sprang his cock loose from its prison. Glistening and hard, I knew from that moment I would do anything for his cock.
He knew it, too.
The warmth of his hands on my face took me by surprise. He lifted my head, looked me in my eyes.
"You're such a cheap fucking slut," he said, dangerously low. "Your young cunt begging to be fucked by your boyfriend's dad. Suck my cock."
Yes, Sir," I answered.
My hand barely wrapped around the thickness of his cock. The tip of my tongue found the mushroom head of his cock. His precum leaked onto my plump lips. I teased him with my tongue. I showered his swollen head with quick tantalizing licks, while gently tugging on his balls. I inhaled his manly scent as my tongue swirled around his cock, running up and down his length.
He swelled in my hand as I started to squeeze him tightly, tugging hard on his cock. His moans of pleasure encouraged me to continue. My mouth made its way back to the head before taking him deep down my throat. Placing my hands on his thighs for stability, I continued inch by inch until his cock hit the back of my throat.
His hands suddenly moved to the back of my head, gripping me in place as he started to vigorously face fuck me. I could barely breathe as his cock proceeded to hit the back of my throat. I struggled to contain him, but I desperately wanted to be a good slut for him. I was sure he was about to explode before he unexpectedly stood up.
"Get up April," he said hoarsely.
As soon as I was on my feet, he spun me around and bent me over the balcony rails. I admired the bright lights of the city as he removed his jeans and boxers behind me.
I felt his warm breath on my neck as he slowly rubbed the tip of his cock up and down my slit. He enjoyed teasing me mercilessly while I begged him to put it in. I reached back to guide his cock in, but he slapped my hand away.
"Do you want me inside you?"
"Yes."
"Good."
I arched back as he took my tight pussy with his long hard dick.
"Fuck," I cried. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
"Shut up," Owen said roughly. "I don't want my neighbors to see me fucking a cheap slut."
But I couldn't help it. "Oh fuck, Owen. Use me. I love your cock!" I pressed back as far as I could, wanting all nine inches of his cock to tear me up. I bit my lip, forcing myself to not scream as he owned my cunt.
"How often do you think of fucking me when you're with my son?"
Well, I was not expecting that question! I didn't answer. I was too ashamed to vocalize the truth. He slapped my ass.
"Answer me! How often do you think of my cock when my son is inside of you?"
"Never," I lied.
He punished my lie by removing his length. He started to fuck me with just the tip of his dick.
"Do you want more cock, April?" I whimpered and nodded. "Then tell me the truth this time you dirty little slut. How often do you think of me when my son takes your cunt at night?"
"All the time," I yelled out. "All the time," I repeated again softly.
He paused. I don't think he expected me to say that. He ran his hand through my hair before saying, "I think of being with you too."
I bit my lower lip to prevent myself from screaming as he buried his cock in me, forcing me against the railings. He pulled out again before slamming his massive cock back in my pussy. I could barely contain myself as I cried out.
William never fucked me like this! I felt genuinely owned by Owen.
I was embarrassed when I remembered I had William's cock in me less than one hour ago. I felt like such a cheap slut as I got used by Owen.
"I want you to cum," Owen said. "For the first time tonight," he continued cheekily.
I moved his fingers to my clit. With my hand on top of his fingers, I guided them in a circular movement. Soft, but firm, he picked up the pattern, and I could solely concentrate on the pleasure of Owen's massive cock ruining me for his son.
"Ohhh," I startled as I felt a finger press against my ass. Owen never ceased his pace as he buried his finger in my ass. I felt full and started to feel my body tense as my orgasm began to build up. My pussy tightened around his cock.
"Fuck! Your pussy is so damn tight. Cum for me, April. Cum all over my thick cock."
I cried out as my cunt started to squeeze against his hard dick. My juices dripping, leaking onto his balls. I was still moaning as Owen picked up his speed. His cock drilling me as he worked my ass with his finger.
"Oh baby, you're so wet," he said as he used my cum as lube. He rubbed my juices over my asshole as he forced another finger in my ass. Working the way down knuckle by knuckle into my ass.
It burned, but I had never been more turned on in my life. I felt utterly violated, but I did not want it to stop.
He roughly moved me from the railings and pushed me down on all fours. He got behind me. "Has William ever taken your ass?" he asked.
"No," I replied nervously.
"Good," he said as his cock head entered my ass.
"Fuccckkkk," I screamed. He reached around, covered my mouth with his hand.
"Shut up, do you want to wake your boyfriend up?"
Owen kept his hand over my mouth as he pushed a couple of inches of his cock in my ass. He held on to the lower part of my waist with his free hand and kept me still. He allowed me a few seconds to get used to his cock inside of me.
"April, your ass is too delicious not to fuck." With that, he plunged the rest of the way in my ass. I bit his hand hard as his forceful fuck stretched me. He didn't move his hand from the clenches of my teeth, allowing me to bite down until the burn subsided.
The pain soon gave away to pleasure. Owen removed his hand from my mouth when he was sure I would no longer scream. His fucking was no longer violent, replaced by rhythmic thrusts in my ass.
He edged closer to me, tilting my ass upward as he told me I belonged to him.
I soon felt his cock stiffen inside my ass. His grunts grew louder as his warm cum shot deep inside my ass. It felt amazing, being filled up with his load. Being owned and used by the man I always fantasied about.
With a final kiss on the neck, his cock softened and slipped out of my well-used ass.
Whatever the future held, I knew I'd never be sorry.