Leo's Running Late
by L. D. Akira
In the middle of the Arizona desert, Naked Man University sat far away from prying eyes. Despite being recently established, founded just over 30 years ago, Naked Man accumulated a surprising amount of notoriety for churning out some of the world's most successful graduates. Their popularity rose quickly due to this success, but so did their infamy, particularly for the social environment they cultivated within the 15-foot steel walls that surrounded its campus. As the name implied, the University only accepted men (which sparked controversy in it of itself) and, moreover, enforced a strict "Always Nude" policy for all of its students. However, these were the only known facts N.M.U. allowed the public access to, as they kept a tight lock the going-on's inside. All the world saw were the men who held Naked Man degrees, and the critical acclaim they gained thereafter. Many powerful religious organizations protested, pleading with the United States government to try to acquire more knowledge about the machinations of this institution. But Lucas Desmond, the founder of Naked Man, had deep pockets that stretched back generations, insulating many politicians inclinations with a blanket of satisfactory bribery.
In its efforts for privacy, the incoming freshman class of Naked Man University arrived on large shuttles, picking them up from the closest town (which was in fact over 100 miles away), delivering them straight to the University's gates. Jet-black from top to tire, the vehicles would gather crowds of reporters and journalists as thousands of young men piled inside. On a tight schedule, the shuttles always left promptly at two o'clock in the afternoon, filing out in a line, not unlike a funeral procession. However, there were always a few late students whose planes were delayed or travel plans turned over head. For them, the University sent a small white van, driven by one of their own security officers, to snatch up the stragglers. And at five o'clock that very same day, Leo Gonzalez sat on a sandy stone bench waiting for his ride.
Leo had never been a bold boy, opting to fade into the background of his own life. At 5' 10", Leo's body was stretched thin and weighed around 130 pounds, which aided his efforts in invisibility. He wore a plain white t-shirt and small gray shorts with nothing underneath them. Naked Man confiscated all clothing on arrival, and Leo thought there was no point in bringing anything more. His dark curly hair sat messily on the top of his head, adding a few extra inches to his height, and was stuffy in the Arizona heat. Leo wondered if there were any salons within the University grounds, rubbing the sleep from his eyes from underneath his thin, silver framed glasses. He thought he planned his travel perfectly, but unbeknownst to him, there were no taxis or Ubers in the small town of Callahan, Arizona. Leo got lost on the multiple connecting busses, and when he arrived at the University's pick-up spot, he could see only the last shuttle, fading off into the distance. And so Leo sat, collecting sweat and sand, on the lone bench which he was told, by the University's Security telephone line, was where the van would arrive.
Leo finished a bottle of water he bought from a nearby convenience store, parched under the unrelenting Arizona sun, and tossed the empty bottle into a nearby trashcan. He looked down at his phone: 5:02. Leo bounced his leg, wringing his fingers. "Maybe they'll never come," he spoke in his mind, imagining his own rotting body feasted on by vultures. He shook his head, sprouting a headache, and sighed. Leo adjusted his shorts, hiking them down in an unconscious act to cover more of himself. "That won't be a problem for long." The thought itched at the back of his brain.
Naked Man wasn't Leo's first choice of college. He had actually applied as a joke, thinking it would be hilarious if he ended up at the school for nudists. Nate, his best friend since diapers, laughed heartily when he heard the news.
"Suits you well," Nate said, slapping him on the back. Leo rolled his eyes, smiling with white teeth that sat adorably imperfect in his mouth.
His sexuality had never been a secret. Leo's lithe body and fluid mannerisms labeled him queer long before he understood his sexual preferences. But Nate was right, the thought of being surrounded by thousands of naked men for the next four years warmed the deepest recesses of his mind. Although, the choice was made truly clear when Leo was awarded a full scholarship with his acceptance. His parents nearly cried of relief, plucking at Leo's supple heart and cementing his fate. Lost in thought, Leo didn't notice the humming engine of his chauffeur coming from down the road, flinching as the van approached.
It was a soft beige color, which blended in quite easily with surrounding sand, with large tinted windows that were nearly impossible to see through. The car puttered to a stop and Leo shot up from his seat, swaying in the subsequent head-rush. The driver's side door opened slowly, and out came a brawny man who stood well over six feet tall, with shoulders and legs twice the size of Leo's. In preparation for his life in the buff, Leo committed to a strict regiment of exercise over the summer, awarding him nothing more than slight muscularity which, admittedly, compliment his thin frame. This man, on the other hand, seemed to work out for a living.
Bare chested, his olive-tanned torso rippled with years of hard-earned muscle. While covered in a thick layer of body hair, Leo could still count-out the rugged abs on his flat stomach, spotting the man's quarter-sized nipples in the process. His thick brown hair was pulled back into a small pony tail, that tufted out below a brown cowboy hat. The man hid his eyes under aviator sun-glasses, making his appearance even more intimidating. Tightly wrapped around his hips was a leather belt adorned with small pouches and were affixed with a thin twine, making the bags sway with his steps. The man's gray shorts hung low on his waist, clearly not attached to the belt, that exposed a sharp v-line and a bush of pubic hair, glistening with sweat. The shorts did practically nothing to hide his large cock, swaying happily as the man walked. The only thing that kept the shorts from slipping down any further was the size of his ass that sheered out the mesh fabric, revealing chiseled meaty globes of pure muscle.
Leo's heart danced like a stumbling drunk. He was in fact a virgin, getting most of his pleasure from online porn and erotica and it was the first time Leo had seen a man of such vascularity in person. His mind exploded in hormonal fireworks that led straight to a growing erection.
"You Leo?" The man spoke in a thick southern drawl, folding his arms in front of him and cocking a hip.
Leo could only nod in response.
"Name's Carl, Carl Schwartz." Carl extended a hand and Leo took it, the boy's small thin fingers were enveloped by the hunk's calloused ones.
"L-Leo," was all he could manage to respond.
Carl smirked, "better get used to it kid." He was enjoying the blatant attention from the 18 year old. "There's a whole lot more of this where we're going."
Leo averted his gaze, taking sudden interest in his feet.
"That's all you got?" Carl asked and motioned with his chin to the black, draw-string backpack on the bench.
Leo nodded. The letter told him the majority of his school supplies would be provided for him, so the bag was filled with a couple keepsakes.
"Alright bud, hop in." Carl sauntered over to the passenger's side door and opened it, extending an arm in open invitation.
Leo grabbed the backpack, holding it to his stomach. With his erection squished, but concealed, he slowly made his way to the van.
"Hurry up, we ain't got all day." Carl beckoned him closer, leaning on the opened door, "I'm not gonna bite." The man's deep voice massaged Leo's mind, and the smell of musk wafting off Carl's body pulled a lusty haze over his senses.
Leo paused before entering the truck, which breezed with cool air, taking in the passive stimulation he received from being inches away from his chauffeur's lewd appearance. Carl placed a hand on the Leo's lower back, and gently pushed the boy. Leo, with electricity crackling at the base of his spine, stumbled over himself as he climbed inside the truck. Carl gently shut the door and slowly strut his way around the front of the van. Leo watched as Carl casually stretched his upper body, glistening in sweat. Before he entered, Carl stopped at the driver's door. With Leo's eyes still fixed to Carl, he leaned over, and swayed slightly, as if finding his balance. Carl stood suddenly, holding a bunched up ball of gray fabric in his hand. Leo's mouth dropped open when Carl finally opened the door. Carl's foot long, flaccid penis sat atop a set of kiwi-sized testicles. Uncut and as thick as his wrist, Leo unabashedly stared at the enormous exposed cock, grinding the backpack pleasurably against his groin. Carl took off his hat and folded himself into the van, giving Leo a glimpse of the man's furry ass.
"Don't need these where we're going." Carl chuckled, tossing his shorts into the backseat.
Even with the hat off, Carl's head grazed the top of the truck. Leo stared at the rippling muscles in Carl's arms as he gripped the gear shift, glad he kept his backpack between his legs.
Carl handed Leo his hat, "Hold onto this for me?"
Leo barely registered what the man had said, but took the hat regardless, setting it atop his backpack.
"H-how longs-s the d-drive?" Leo stuttered out, breathing heavily. The rugged stench exuding from the hat was enough to make him pass out.
Carl turned the keys in the ignition, the engine groaning to life. "Couple a hours," he replied, turning to Leo. Carl smiled with a set of straight white teeth, saying with glee, "Better buckle up."
Leo fastened his seatbelt quickly and sighed, this was going to be one long drive.