Hi. My name is Annette.
It was late Saturday night and we were driving home from the nice dinner.
Eventually, we drove past an adult entertainment store.
My husband Chad said, "Let's check it out."
I thought "What the hell, we have nothing better to do."
We parked and we both went in the store.
It was a nice and clean store. It wasn't what I expected. Even the people there looked normal. They were browsing the aisles looking at porn movies, magazines, games, or sex toys. We walked around the store and I was shocked by the size of the dildos. The movies were too expensive, but it was interesting to see what it was like in there and what was available. They really had something for every taste.
Near the front door there was a sign pointing upstairs to go to the viewing rooms. We were in Las Vegas so the "viewing" could be anything.
There were two different kind of rooms. One type of room allowed the viewing of movies. The other type of room had live dancers or people behind a glass wall. It was 5 dollars to watch a movie for 15 minutes and it was 20 dollars to watch a dancer behind the glass for 5 minutes.
We talked about if we were going to go in any of the rooms, and my husband wanted to go in a viewing room to see a dancer. I thought it was too expensive and I didn't feel like watching some woman take off her clothes for 20 dollars, much less see my husband drool over one of them.
"We should just go home," I said.
"Well, how about if you see a male dancer? Chad responded.
I reconsidered the idea and finally decided to experience the viewing room.
"Thank honey," I said.
I was scared to go in alone, so my husband agreed to sit in the back to make sure I felt safe. I liked that idea so then we had to decide which room to go into. At the entrance there was a biography and picture of each dancer. There were about 6 women and 3 guys. Of the 3 guys I had to pick from, I chose the nicest looking person. One other guy looked kind of mean and had a dull sad look in his eyes. The nicest looking guy looked tall with muscular arms and shoulders. He was wearing shorts with a white tight tank top. He had short brown hair, dark skin, bright light brown eyes, and a million dollar smile. His name was Ryan. I chose Ryan.
At the counter you get to chose the person and give your credit card number for billing. A buzzer goes off every 5 minutes. It was the persons responsibility to leave the room which was on a timer. When they left the room, the charging would cease. I figure I would be in the for 5 or 10 minutes tops.
The room with Ryan had a special. You might get other surprise guest dancers. We didn't care about that though.
While waiting, I was getting excited and could feel my heart racing. I didn't know what to expect.
Ryan was in room 3 and we were to enter in 10 minutes. I got very nervous and wanted to cancel. I felt out of my element. I felt like we were going to do something dirty. My palms were getting sweaty.
The ten minutes went by quickly and the green light turned on for us to enter room 3. There was a small lounge area with chairs that was in the dark and then there was a glass wall with a lighted background behind the glass. There was a spot light in front of the glass wall on the viewers side. My husband kissed me on the cheek and then sat in the furthest chair in the back in the dark and you couldn't really see him at all. I stood under the spot light.
Then the music started. It was instrumental jazz type music which I always liked. I got nervous expecting Ryan. I am sure it wasn't his real name.
Suddenly, Ryan came out of the door in the back of the lit room behind the glass. He was handsome and he had a big smile on his face. He was wearing black shorts and a tight white T-shirt. His muscles were bulging out of his clothes and he had great legs and a great ass. His cock wasn't hard but I could tell that it was pretty big. He reeked of sex. I felt a little short of breath and had butterflies in my stomach looking at him. Ryan walked right up to me and started chatting with me. I couldn't help but look at his arms and shoulders.
"Hey, beautiful, what's your name," Ryan said. His slightly raspy and confident voice was heard from a speaker on my side of the glass. I had a microphone coming down from the ceiling too.
"My name is Annette," I said.
"And where is beautiful Annette from?" Ryan followed.
"I am from Santa Monica, California," I responded.
"I love Santa Monica. I love third street promenade... the pier... the carnivals on the beach...Venice beach. Yeah, I like that place a lot." Ryan said."I especially like the gorgeous women from there, like you," Ryan followed while raising his eye brows and smiling. That's when I blushed. Ryan was so handsome that he could pull off otherwise corny lines.
He was very easy to talk to and he was very charming. He made me giggle like a school girl when he said how pretty I was. The first buzzer went off.
I ignored the buzzer.
"Are you going to dance for me?" I asked.
"Only for you beautiful." Ryan responded. He eyed me up and down and I could tell that he liked what he saw.
I was wearing a short black skirt and a light blue tight blouse with my breasts bulging out of them. I was also wearing black leather boots that were 2 inched high heels and they went up just below my knees. My outfit accentuated my voluptuous hour glass figure. Ryan started to dance and it was a masculine way that he moved. He pretended to put his hands out to me as if asking me to dance. I pretended to give him my hand and he danced around in a provocative way. He kept making eye contact with me and I was starting to get aroused. He was like a sexual dream come true.
I looked back at my husband in the dark and I couldn't see him at all but I knew he was there.
I could feel my nipples hardening while I watched him dance.
The buzzer went off again.
I ignored the buzzer and gave the OK for Ryan to continue.
He danced more to the jazz music and slowly took off his shirt. He would rub his cock sometimes and I could see it getting harder. I was really getting turned on watching him. He rubbed his dick through his pants again and his cock bulged more through the pants. I was feeling warm at that point and suddenly my skirt and blouse felt a lot tighter. Instinctively I started to rub my hips with my palms and gyrate my hips while watching him. It was sign language that I liked what I saw and that I was getting hot and bothered.
I looked back again at my husband and didn't see any movement. He could tell I wanted some type of recognition.
Then my husband said, "You look great babe...having fun?"
I smiled while nodding and felt reassured and then I gave my attention back to Ryan.
Next Ryan wiggled out of his shorts. He did not have any underwear on. Now he stood there buck naked in his perfect muscular body. His cock hairs were shaved off and I could see his perfect cock. His dark skin was inviting. I felt myself getting nervous again and starting to sweat. I couldn't believe he was totally naked in from of me. I was getting very turned on.
I wiggled my hips to the beat of the music and waved for him to come closer to me. The buzzer went off again and I didn't even hear it that time.
His cock was half hard as he walked right up to me in front of the glass and he told me how beautiful I was again. We smiled at each other and he started to slowly rub his cock in front of me. He was lustfully looking at my body as his cock hardened to full attention. I couldn't help but rub my breast through the fabric roughly as he stood in front of me. He asked me to push my skirt up for him to see my legs so I brought it up a little on the right side. He briefly saw my white panties and he liked what he saw. He nodded and started to stroke his cock as he told me to do things.
"Pull up the shirt please gorgeous," Ryan asked, "You have great legs. Do you know that?"
I smiled shyly and took a big breath and pulled up my skirt. I shook my hips to the music and rubbed my hips with my palms.
"Like this?" I asked back.
"Very much my beautiful Annette," he said.
I then pulled up my skirt and spun around. Ryan started to cat whistle at me. I then stood facing away from him and let him see my ass with the white panties on. He was smiling as I slowly bent over for him to see my cheeks and ass. That's when he started getting serious.
"That's beautiful ......gorgeous. Yeah....spread your legs for me baby." said Ryan.
While I was bending over I spread my legs more apart. He enjoyed the view and didn't blink. I pulled my panties tighter upward and felt a nice sensation around my clitoris while I did that. I then moved the part of the panties that were coving my pussy to the side and bent over again while spreading my legs. Now he could see my pussy.
Ryan started masturbating.
"Please don't stop Annette." he said.
Ryan started to moan. I started to giggle nervously while I shook my ass. I couldn't believe how horny Ryan was getting looking at me. And I couldn't believe how turned on I was getting showing off my body to a complete stranger.
The buzzer went off again.
"I am gonna cum soon gorgeous," Ryan said, "Please show me your pussy. Get the chair and show me." Ryan continued to jag off while smiling at me.
I looked around and saw a love seat wicker chair with cozy cushioning. I moved the chair under the light and microphone and sat in it. I started to get shy and blush. Ryan edged me on and begged me to show him. He said he wanted to see my pussy when he came. I was getting very horny and forgot my husband was behind me. I got creative and spread my legs wide open using the chair arm rests. I rubbed my pussy through my panties while making eye contact with Ryan. I was giving the show now. I became aware of my heavy breathing and I moved the panties to the side exposing my pussy again. I felt like my cunt was 100 times more sensitive than usual. Ryan nodded when I did that and I started to rub my pussy and clitoris.
That's when lights started flashing and another 3 dancers came out. Looks like I won the "special."
There were 2 more guys and one woman and they all ran over in front of me quickly before I could react. They started to clap and they were all smiling and they all reassured me saying how beautiful I was and to continue. I got embarrassed and closed my legs. I innocently looked at them with my face blushing.
They could tell I was feeling awkward so they said how pretty I was and that they wanted to enjoy my beauty. Ryan started to talk again and coaxed me to open my legs in front of them. I opened my legs very slowly with my eyes closed. I squinted so as to peek at them. I slowly rubbed my pussy.
The other 2 dancers took out their cock quickly and they got hard masturbating in front of me. The long haired blond woman was really enjoying things too and she started to take off her bikini bottom and stand half squatting in front of me and after briefly rubbing her pussy she started fingering herself. She had huge tits. I felt jealous at how pretty she was. I knew my husband was feasting his eyes on her. She was simply beautiful. For the first time, I thought that I could make love to a woman. For some reason I felt very relaxed and comfortable, and concentrated on touching myself while on display.
So now I was sitting spread eagle aggressively massaging my pussy while rhythmically gyrating my hips. I was feeling very very good.
I started to moan louder, "Ahhhhhhhhhh."
My moans were drowned out by the moaning from 3 guys and one woman behind the glass. Ryan and 2 other male dancers were all masturbating in front of me. It felt so erotic. I enjoyed looking at the blond woman getting off looking at me and I admired her beauty. I knew my husband liked her too. She was his type. She was my type.
I could feel the climax coming soon, so I announced "I am going to cum." I was breathing heavily and sweat was on my forehead. I focused on the 3 cocks that were aggressively getting jagged off by their owners. All the men were looking at me and I looked right back at them.
One of the dancers went over to the blond and he started to cup and massage her breasts from behind. She smiled and closed her eyes and tilted her head upward. She reached behind and moved him to her side and she grabbed his cock and started pumping it in front of me.
"Look at her," the beautiful dancer said, "Doesn't she make you want to come? Come for her. Pretend you are fucking her. Come for her damn it."
Everyone was focusing on getting off and everyone hit the point of no return.
I was the first to spasm in the wicker chair as I came for all to see. It was so exciting and different to be exposing my self and masturbating in public. It was an exciting and scared feeling at the same time.
Ryan soon followed and he started shooting his cum at the lower part of the glass. Then the other 2 guys came and finally the blond woman as she fingered herself while standing. We all came within a couple minutes of each other. She was a yeller and she moaned very load and screamed when she came. We were all sweaty and glassy eyed. We were all panting and started thanking each other.
My husband came out of the darkness and placed his hand on my shoulder and gently kissed my cheek. I put my clothes back on. I know I looked like I just had sex. You could smell my sex smell. My hair was messy and the clothes were disheveled. I was so excited I didn't know what to do. I didn't care. I grabbed my husband's hand and waved goodbye with my other hand as we left the room.
"I can't believe that," said my husband, "You just made four people cum."
"I know," I said, "Actually five."
We were both feeling giddy and high after the experience.
We checked out at the counter and the bill was for 200 dollars. I was surprised at the bill but it was so hot and erotic that I thought it was totally worth it.
We decided to go back some time.
"Let's go in a female dancer's room next time," Chad said.
"No, that's OK," I said, "You can go in another room, I'm going back to Ryan." I said winking at him.