My husband was having a bad day at work, so I decided to give him a little afternoon delight when he came home for lunch.
I dressed up for him. I had on a little red negligee that laced up the front, creating a great push up bra effect. It only covered about half my chest and the other half was pushed up high and together. It came with a matching set of panties that barely qualified as panties. As I slipped them on I thought of the plans I had and the little scrap of material was wet. I added a pair of red high heels.
We live out in the country and none of our neighbors can see in our windows so I was not afraid of being seen as I greeted him at the door with a long, deep kiss. His kisses send tingles all over my body and the panties got even wetter.
I led him to the couch where I slowly began to do a little dance for him. I started on his lap and his face went to my chest. He licked the slight gap between the breasts. I shuddered with excitement. I stood up and began to dance, running my hands over my body. I started at my hair, down my throat, over my nipples, across my hips and bent over to stroke my legs, which gave him a great view of my tits. I was getting incredibly turned on between the sensations on my skin and the look in his eyes. I slowly loosened the tie on the front of my negligee. As I began to pull the ribbons out, I saw something out of the corner of my eye. Apparently it was the day to have our meter read. I hadn't heard the truck pull into the yard.
My first instinct was to run and hide, but then an odd sensation started. The thought of this man seeing us had my pussy dripping. I didn't tell my husband, and I started to get a little sexier in my dance. I saw the meter man stop by the window and back up a little bit so he thought he was out of sight, but from this angle I could still see him watching me. I untied more of the ribbon, finally freeing my tits, but I held the material up so that I wasn't fully exposed yet. I unveiled one side and ran my finger over my nipple, now fully hard and begging for attention. My husband inhaled sharply. I let the other side drop and did the same to my other nipple. I saw my husband start to rub his cock through his pants, his obvious bulge showing. As I looked out the window, I saw the meter reader doing the same. Apparently he planned to stay and watch the show.
Seeing the two of them so excited made me even hotter. I slid the bottom of my negligee up so my ass was fully exposed. The thin strip of fabric from my panties run up my ass and exposed everything else. I bent over and did a little shake of my ass in front of my husband's face. He reached to grab my ass and started to knead my cheeks.
Still bent over, I slowly slid the little piece of fabric down my hips, slid them down my legs, stepped out of them, and threw them at my husband so they landed on his face. He immediately knew how wet I was. I turned around, still holding up the bottom of my negligee, swirled my hips, and slid my fingers down to my pussy. I eased toward the couch, where I placed one foot on the edge of the couch so my husband could fully see my clit standing out and see how wet I was. The meter reader moved a little closer to the window so he could have a full view as well. My husband pushed my fingers away and replaced them with his tongue. I was so turned on it didn't take long for him to send me over the edge. I flooded his face with my juice and he lapped it up, probing his tongue deep into my hole.
I dropped to my knees and quickly worked his pants off, his cock standing at full attention and ready for me. He was ready to bury it deep inside of me, but I wanted to give our meter reader a bit more of a show. I swirled my tongue around the tip, licking all the way down his shaft continuing down to his balls and gently took each one in my mouth and gave them a brief suck. As I looked over, I saw the meter reader had his pants open and was stroking his cock. Apparently he liked my show. I put my mouth over the head of my husband's cock, just taking in the head and swirled my tongue a few more times. I slowly lowered my mouth over his cock until I was down to the base. I slowly pulled back up again, leaving just the head inside in my mouth. I could feel the little drops of pre cum starting to form. I increased my speed, and worked him in and out of my mouth. He put his hand on the back of my head and guided me to give him the speed he wanted. He grew harder and hard in my mouth and I greedily took him.
He told me that he needed to be inside of me. He bent me over and I braced myself on the coffee table as he drove deep into me. He grabbed my tits and rolled my nipples between his fingers as he buried his cock inside my wet pussy. His cock felt marvelous and he worked me at a pace that had me quickly coming again.
I looked over my shoulder to see the meter reader working his cock in a quick manner. I wondered if he was imaging what it was like to be fucking me.
I enjoyed the feeling of my husband's cock riding in and out me. I squeezed my pussy muscles hard around him to make my pussy as tight as possible. It must have been what he needed because he told me he was about to come. I pulled off of him and knelt in front of him so he could shoot on my face and tits. I sucked him clean and rubbed his come into my tits. I raised my eyes to see the meter reader. His head was thrown back and he was stroking his cock with fury. I knew he was coming, which made me suck my husband even harder.
He sat back down on the couch and I straddled his lap. He asked me what made me so horny. I told him about the audience that we had and what I had seen. As I described someone watching us fucking, I could feel him pressing against me. He was getting hard again and I was happy to take him.
I may just have to mark the date on the calendar and see what kind of show we can come up with for next month.