By the time I got there, she had already taken off all of her clothes. I shut the door behind me, and locked it.
"You don't waste any time," I said, as I loosened my tie.
"Why waste time," she said, running a hand down over the curve of her hip, watching its progress with eyes that sparkled green in the dim light. I took off my jacket and tossed it over the back of a chair. My tie and shirt followed.
"I like your outfit," I said.
"I'm beginning to like yours," she replied, turning onto her back and running a finger through the blonde hair between her legs.
I dropped my pants and eased my shorts down carefully over my stiff pole.
"That's much better," she smiled.
I moved over to the foot of the bed, and sat down. She opened her legs just a little, an invitation I supposed, though I didn't think one was much needed at this point.
"Is everyone ready?" I asked.
"Yes," she whispered, "and waiting."
"Good," I said as I crawled over her, stopping to bury my face between her legs.
"'This is getting boring," she said abruptly, sitting up and reaching for a cigarette. "We do the same thing every night. You come in, we take off our clothes and screw while a bunch of people watch from behind a big one-way minor. I'm getting tired of it."
"Which part are you tired of," I asked, stroking my cock idly.
"Well, I guess the mirror. Why don't they ever come out from behind the mirror?"
"I guess," I said, stroking a little faster, "they like to keep a certain distance." A tiny bead of clear fluid rose out of the head of my cock, and I stopped to watch it.
"What are they, chickenshit," she said her voice rising. "Just once I'd like to see their faces."
"Would that really make much difference?" I asked. I dabbed at the drop of semen with my fingertip, and smeared it down the length of my cock, and resumed a slow rhythm. "You could help with this, you know."
She glanced at me and sighed. She stubbed out her cigarette and crawled over to me at the foot of the bed, turning to point her ass at the minor that almost covered one wall.
"I hope you're watching closely, cause I may only do this once," she called over her shoulder. Turning back to me, she placed her mouth around the head of my cock, and slowly sucked in the full length of it, her hair falling around my hips. I gathered it up into a knot at the back of her neck, and lay back on the bed. She sat up.
"I don't want to do this any more," she said. She stood up, and climbed down off the bed. She faced the minor.
"Why the fuck don't you come out from behind there," she yelled. "What's so great about watching it?"
"Maybe they're all fucking each other hack there." I said. My cock stood straight up in the air, throbbing. She went over to the mirror, and pressed herself against it, pushing her hips hard against the glass.
"Fuck this," she muttered. I got up off the bed, and came up behind her. I slipped one hand around in front of her, and ran a finger up her slit. She spread her legs and raised her hands up over her head, leaning on the mirror.
"We've never done it like this," I whispered, "so close to them. Are they touching the glass on the other side?" She started to moan. I slipped my finger deep inside her.
"Are they rubbing themselves up against the glass?" l asked her. She whimpered. I leaned down and moved my cock between her legs so that the head poked out at the mirror. I watched her face. She moved her feet back, and I pressed the head of my cock against her slit, moving it back and forth. She moved her hips.
"Yes, that's right," I said, "they're watching you, they're naked and they're hot and they're watching you come. They're right up against the glass, and they can feel your heat right through it."
"Put it in me," she said. "Put it in me now." She moved her hips against mine, standing up on her toes.
I bent my knees, and moved against her, forcing my cock into her. I put my hand between her legs, spreading her wide with my fingers. She leaned against the mirror, crushing her breasts against it.
"Can you feel their hands on your breasts," I whispered, "Can you feel them licking and sucking?"
"Yes," she moaned. I pushed hard against her, and she leaned back into me. She began to move quicker now, and I knew she was about to come. I clamped down, trying to wait for her, trying to ride with her. She moved faster, banging herself against the glass. I was afraid it would break.
"Now." I said, and she let go, and came with a fury I had not seen before. I let go also, and nearly pulled us both down onto the carpet. I had to hang onto her hips to keep myself from falling. We rocked that way for a minute, then her knees sagged, and mine sagged, and we crumpled onto the floor, very nearly spent. We leaned our backs on the mirror.
"Do you think they liked it," she asked after a moment.
"Yes," I said. "I imagine they did."
I stood up, went over to the bed, and began to get dressed. She lay on the floor, one hand pulling on the hairs on her mound, the other fingering her nipple, making it hard.
"So is that all for tonight?" she asked me.
"I thought you didn't want to do this anymore," I said, my erection starting to return.
She looked over at the mirror, then at me, then down at her sweaty body.
"Well, maybe just once more..."