It's overtime at the office, and Sydney was finishing up her paperwork, when her computer froze. Frustrated, she sauntered over to the IT room, in hopes that someone was there to fix her computer, because she did not feel like having to start over tomorrow.
She knocked on the door, and there was no answer. She twisted the knob, unlocked. She slowly opened the door, looked around and spoke "hey, is someone here?"
A voice came from the back, "sorry, I can't hear when I'm in the control room, how can I help..." He abruptly paused as soon as he realized who was at the door. Vincent has been looking at Sydney for some time. He thought she was pretty cute, tall and thick, caramel skin and a cute curly little afro. He would study her curves as she walks by, and was working up the chance to ask her out. Imagining her naked was making him hard just standing there.
"Oh hi Vincent, how's it going?" Sydney sheepishly looked at Vincent with a half smile. She had a little crush on him but never said anything. She often daydreamed of rolling around the bed with this stocky, broad shouldered, chocolate skinned man. She didn't start directly at him because she did not want to reveal her thoughts, and maybe her eyes might give it away. She was having lustful thoughts just standing there.
"Hi Sydney, it's going good, just here by myself finishing up some upgrades before I get out of here. What brings you to my neck of the woods?"
"Well my computer froze, and I was in the middle of processing some paperwork. I was hoping you could help me."
He smiled that perfect teeth smile, and went to the main screen in the room. "I can probably fix it from here, but it will take a few minutes, can you wait?"
"Yeah sure that's fine."
He sat down in front of the screen, and started explaining the process.
"So I just have to remote into the mainframe and I'll locate your IP address in the database, then I could filter through the diagnostic to see what is causing the congestion. Well come take a look, it's easier to follow as you see it."
There was only one chair in the room, he scanned around for something else to sit on, when he found nothing he gently grabbed her hips and led her to his lap.
"You can sit here. This way you can see what I'm doing."
She sat there trying to focus on the computer, but she was too distracted by the obvious sexual tension in the room and his solid member resting right below her left thy.
"Okay, I found the issue" he wrapped his right arm around her waist and typed a few keystrokes.
"All set, looks like the paperwork is downloading so your computer is unfrozen."
She was getting too aroused as they say there with his arms practically around her, his cologne smelling sweeter and more intoxicating by the minute.
In a move bolder than her normal self, she leaned back and smelled his neck.
"Mmmm, you smell good what is that?"
"Probably some old Calvin Klein I've had for years."
"It's smells really good"
He leaned in and whispered "you feel really good on my lap".
She started to get up "oh man, I forgot I was on your lap, sorry".
He grabbed her waist and guided her back down.
"No it's okay you don't have to get up if you don't want to, matter of fact I would love to keep you right in my lap."
"As if he couldn't contain himself, he gripped her thighs and leaned his face in her back as he took a deep breath.
She raised the back of her hand to her mouth, to conceal a smile, stood up and faced him, and looked down.
"So, what are you suggesting exactly?"
"Well in fear of sounding too forward, I think we have some good energy between us, and it's just us here, and I was wondering what you might be into."
"I am into a lot of things, but what are you talking about right now?"
As he looked up at her, he slid his hands under her dress, up her legs, past her knees and over her thighs, circling around her ass and back down her legs. Then his hand came right underneath her womanhood and he caressed the stockings between her legs. She was frozen in pleasure as he felt up her body, and let out a little moan.
"Well this sounds a bit fun, and a bit naughty, but what if we get caught?"
"You have a point. I say let's not get all the way naked, so if we have to move quickly we can."
"But how do we 'connect' without getting naked?"
He rubbed the stockings underneath her lips, her other lips, and snatched a little hole to make an opening. He tore little by little until the hole was big enough to reach in and touch those other lips, but kept the rest of the stockings intact.
She let out a little gasp, then a giggle.
"Oh my, how clever, you IT guys think of everything huh?"
He unbuckled his belt and pulled out his cock. Her eyes got big, she was not ready for the surprise he had hidden behind those baggy work pants. It had to be at least 11 inches long with a hearty girth. He reached back up and rubbed his middle finger between her folds, and discovered her slickness.
"Wow, you feel amazing and so so wet."
He slowly turned her around to face the computer and guided her onto his lap. She grabbed the arm rest for balance and she carefully slid onto his very erect penis, and breathed a whimper as she took it all in. It felt amazing. He also moaned as she got all the way down, her thighs touching his thighs, and his hands traveled up her dress to grip her double D's. The quiet lapping sound of her wetness was drowned out by the squeak in the chair as they bounced up and down in sync. He could not believe this was happening, in the IT room, with a woman he had fantasized about since he arrived at the job. He strengthened his arms around her waist and hugged her from behind as the feeling became strong and the stimulation more intense. He could feel her heat and it excited him all the more. She could feel a surge of energy and a tingling traveling up her spine and vibrating through her body. She felt the wonderful beginnings of an orgasm, and increased her speed on his lap. Bouncing up and down faster shot Vincent almost through the roof as he begin to tense up and felt his nuts get tight. He was about to cum.
She moaned and groaned a little louder, and covered her mouth as not to alert any possible people within earshot, they weren't 100% sure they were alone.
He stuttered a warning to her "Sydney, I'm going to...I'm about to...I'm going to..."
She felt a gush of liquid between her legs as she squirted on his lap, soaking them both. At the same time, he released and held her tight as he filled up the condom.
They both sat there silently, catching their breath and coming back to reality. She slowly stood up, looked at the mess, and whispered "sorry about that"
"Hey, never feel sorry about that, that is one of the best things about sex. I get to go home with a little you if you know what I mean."
She laughed a bit. "Yeah, a little memento from me to you."
He stood up, adjusted his pants, and leaned in with a few pecks on the lips and then the neck.
"Thank you, that was amazing."
"Thank you, wow I did not expect this when I came to get my computer fixed." She kissed him on the cheek and then the lips.
"So, can I call you sometime?"
She laughed a little louder then. "Um yeah duh, you can call me. I think we are way past formalities now."
They exchanged numbers and Sydney said bye as she fixed her dress and headed back to the room to grab her purse and sweater. She got in the car and sat down, smelling of sex and still a little damp. She smiled to herself, and could not wait to get home and call her BFF to detail the crazy thing that just happened.