Lisa lay in bed, propped up on an elbow and looked down at Carol's sleeping face. She twisted a strand of hair with her fingers, and contemplated how much had changed in the last month.
Carol was now a regular visitor, although she still kept her own place. She'd introduced Lisa to a whole new world of pleasure, and although she enjoyed an occasional loss of control, she just wasn't a submissive by nature. The pair had developed a deep affection for each other, and their rather hedonistic enthusiasm for new experiences was incredibly exciting.
"Are you going to keep staring at me, or give me a kiss?" Carol said, her eyes still closed.
"I don't know, how's the morning breath?"
Lisa leaned over and made a show of sniffing loudly.
"Actually not as bad as you'd think!" she replied with mock surprise.
Carol lightly pushed her away and laughed.
"Shower?"
"Sure. I might even brush my teeth."
"I'm glad you're off today. It'll be nice to spend some time on the beach."
"Yep, let's put together a small picnic and make a day of it."
Carol made coffee while Lisa packed a small lunch and some drinks. Soon enough, they were heading down the back stairs to the beach.
"Let's go a little further today. I feel like we always stick close to the house, and I could use some different scenery."
They picked a direction, and started out. It was still early enough that there weren't a lot of people on out yet, and the two of them walked in the firmer sand along the water's edge.
Some time later, Lisa noticed what appeared to be a resort above the beach. There was a temporary chain link fence around it and it looked a bit derelict. The walked over and looked at the site through the fence.
The site consisted of a dozen cabins heading up the hill, a large building, and a swimming pool area. It was possible that there was more to the property that they couldn't see from the fence.
"For Sale" signs were regularly spaced out along the fence.
"Do you know anything about this place?" Lisa asked.
"It used to be a nudist resort. They shut down a few years ago, and it's been slowing decaying ever since."
"Interesting. Looks like a nice property. I wonder what happened."
"I don't know off hand, but I can look into it."
"Okay."
The continued along and found a promising space some distance back from the water. They settled down and laid out their towels, and made themselves at home.
"Look in the bag, I brought something along for us." Carol said.
She kept a casual look on her face as Lisa reached into the bag, and found a smaller one inside. Lisa pulled it open, and found several toys and a small bottle of lubricant.
"Can you help me with one of those plugs?" Carol asked.
"Right here on the beach?"
"I'm game if you are."
Giggling nervously, Lisa took one of the two jeweled plugs and put a generous amount of lubricant on the head.
"Turn over."
Carol lay on her stomach and spread her legs apart. Lisa sat down next to her, and after looking around, began to work some more lube into Carol's asshole with her index finger. She was rewarded with a low moan.
"Stick it in."
Lisa slowly worked the plug against Carol's sphincter, and began applying pressure until her asshole pulled the slick steel knob deeper in.
"Do me?" She asked Carol.
"Sure."
Lisa laid down on her stomach, exactly as Carol had, and slowly looked around. She could see people passing by, and casually looking over at the couple. Soon, she felt a cool slickness, as Carol stuck not one, but two fingers into her ass.
"Oh that feels good." She exclaimed.
"Uh huh." Carol replied, as she pushed the butt plug past Lisa's tight asshole.
"There's more in the bag." Carol said, pulling out a set of Ben Wa balls.
"Get on your back and spread your legs."
Lisa did as Carol asked, leaning up on the sand bank so she could both watch Carol and the people passing by.
Carol slid the first of the two balls in, eliciting a moan from Lisa, who was pinching and pulling at her nipples at the same time. Carol added the second ball, filling Lisa to the brim.
She watched intently, one hand on her breast, the other working her clitoris as Carol proceeded to stuff a set of balls up her own soaking pussy.
"Oh, this feels amazing. A few more things to go."
She reached in the bag, and pulled out a clamp designed to lock around the pussy, effectively trapping the balls inside. She crawled over to Lisa and clicked it in place. She then found a small vibrator, about the size of a pencil on a long chain.
"Here, you'll like this." She said.
A few minutes later, both women were similarly constrained, and enjoying the tiny but intense sensation of the little vibrators. Lisa soon had an orgasm, her eyes open and staring at a man slowly masturbating as he watched the show. She gave him a grin and a wave.
"We're going to draw a crowd if we're not careful." She said.
"Good point."
Lisa moved over to where Carol was lying, and curled up close, playing with a nipple.
"You definitely found a way to make a day at the beach even more interesting."
"I do try my best."
They lay together for a while dozing off a bit as the sun got higher in the sky. Lisa was woken up by the sounds of an animal sniffing around their packed lunch.
She opened her eyes to the sight a scruffy looking terrier panting and wagging his tail. He dropped down onto his back and shamelessly looked at her over his shoulder.
"Okay, we have a guest, Carol."
"A very cute one at that."
Carol reached over and rubbed the happy dog's belly. Lisa reached into the bag, and took a little lunch meat from one of the sandwiches and offered it to their new friend who took it from her, and looked expectantly for more.
"Don't be fooled by Baxter, he's a shameless flirt."
"A very effective one too!" Lisa replied with a smile. She looked up to see an attractive couple smiling down at them.
"My husband Greg here trained him well when he was single. It's pretty much how he met me as well."
She held out her hand, "I'm Sylvia."
"I'm Lisa, and this is Carol. Nice to meet the both of you."
"Same. We'll grab this little bandit and leave you alone to enjoy the day."
"Oh, don't feel you have to. We're happy to meet new people."
"Okay then, thanks for the invite."
Lisa looked at the couple. Both of them were trim, with all over tans, obviously the result of regular visits to the beach. Greg was tall, lean, with decent muscle tone, with a hairless body and a slightly larger than average penis. His short brown hair framed a handsome face and a friendly smile.
Sylvia was quite a bit shorter than Greg, with a petite figure, somewhat set off by a fairly large set of breasts for her size. Her body was completely hairless, and she had a small abstract design between her breasts, that looked like a more permanent version of a henna decoration. She had a small mandala design tattooed on her mons and some gold rings in her nipples. She had long, curly hair, dyed in a bright scarlet. She had a pretty face, and a small gold ring piercing one nostril.
"Are you sure we're not interrupting anything?" Sylvia said, looking pointedly at the toys still prominently lodged in Lisa and Carol's bodies.
"Oh! I believe it or not, I forgot. No, it's not a problem if you don't mind."
"Hey, do what you like, I'm not going to judge." Sylvia said.
She set out a beach towel, leaning over with her back to them, and showed a very obvious jeweled plug in her own ass.
"I can see why." Carol said with a grin. Greg and Sylvia sat down opposite them, and the made small talk.
"I think I need to get this out for now." Lisa said, unlatching the clamp. She gasped a bit as blood flowed back into her labia. She set the clamp aside, and removed both balls, being sure to give their new friends a good view. She looked up and smiled, noticing that Sylvia was slowly stroking Greg's penis. It grew larger while she watched.
Sylvia leaned over and took Greg's penis in her mouth as he watched Carol remove her own Ben Wa balls. Lisa and Carol stroked their clits as Sylvia took Greg's entire length into her mouth. She bobbed up and down, with her hand matching strokes at the same time, and soon Greg stiffened, and shot a jet of semen into her mouth. She kept pumping until he was gasping and spent.
She daintily scooped some semen from her chin into her mouth and said "we do love the beach."
"I have to agree. I just bought a place overlooking the beach about a month ago. I'm in love with this place." Lisa replied.
They continued to make small talk, while Baxter dozed at Carol's side. Over the course of the next couple of hours, they learned a lot about each other, and soon, Lisa and Carol invited them back to the house for a cookout.
They packed up their belonging and the two couples walked back to Lisa's house. When they got to the gate, Greg asked "You really live this close to the beach?"
"Yes, I moved here a month ago. Carol was my real estate agent. I can't decide who seduced who."
"It was all you, honey." Carol said with a grin.
"On her first day in the house, she 'locked herself out,' naked of course. She then called me, her poor, innocent real estate agent to rescue her."
"It's all true, even if it wasn't planned." Lisa replied. "I'm so very happy she did."
She turned and kissed Carol on the lips, then headed up the stairs to the deck.
When they got to the top, she asked their guests to make themselves comfortable. She asked Carol to heat up the grill, and went inside, to pull out food for dinner.
"This is a great place. I have to say I'm a bit jealous of it." Greg said.
"I'm still working through some issues, but I love it. I honestly haven't put clothes on in a month. Ask Carol."
"She's a complete hedonist." Carol agreed.
"I can't blame you. I would never wear a stitch if I didn't have to." Sylvia said.
"I would love it if you never did, my love." Greg said.
They ate dinner, feeling like they were among old friends.
They sat around in comfortable silence for a few minutes, until Sylvia spoke up, looking directly at Carol. "If it's not too forward, I would love to taste that beautiful pussy of yours."
"Oh? I'm pretty sure that can be arranged. Especially since my friend here has been missing out on a good cock to play with, if you don't mind sharing?"
"Greg, be a dear, would you?"
"Oh no my love! I only have eyes for you!"
"Don't listen to a word he says, we've been lusting after both of you since we saw you playing with each other this morning."
"I told you we'd draw a crowd." Lisa said.
She laughed and stood up, walking to stand in front of Greg.
"I can't remember the last time I had a good fucking. Can you help?"
In response, Greg put his hand on her hips, pulling her aching pussy towards his waiting mouth. She felt his tongue slide into her wet slit, and used her own hands to pull his face closer to her sex.
"That looks like a brilliant plan." Carol said, walking to stand in front of Sylvia. Soon, she felt Sylvia take the barbell piercing through her clitoral hood between her teeth, and felt an insistent tug. Sylvia let go, and dived in, sucking hard on her clitoris. Carol moaned in pleasure, and said "lie back."
Sylvia complied, and Carol followed her down to the lounger, sitting on Sylvia's face as she did. She looked over to see Lisa enjoying her own pleasure, and then swiveled her body around to a sixty nine position.
Lisa pushed Greg back to the lounger, and reached behind for his stiffening member. With a little maneuvering, she brought his head to her aching pussy, and pushed down until he was fully inside her. She could feel the butt plug pushing against his cock, and let out a loud moan in pleasure. She began riding him, clenching down with her muscles, and soon felt an immense orgasm building. She leaned forward onto his muscled chest, her pierced nipples meeting his bare skin and she said "cum inside me" through gritted teeth.
As the semen filled her, she felt her own orgasm build to a peak, and she screamed aloud in ecstasy. She shuddered and collapsed on top of him, both of them spent from their actions.
Sylvia began playing with Carol's butt plug, pulling it nearly out, and pushing it back in. At the same time, she inserted three fingers into Carol's sopping pussy, pumping furiously until she was rewarded with a wet ejaculation on her face. Carol redoubled her efforts on Sylvia's aching hole, and soon another scream of pleasure echoed through the evening.
Lisa looked up from Greg's panting chest at her friends lying entangled together on the other lounger. A wave of affection struck her, and she realized she'd landed in a good place, with people who made her happy.
"You all are wonderful. I'm so glad to have met all you. Oh, and Greg's dick is amazing, you're so lucky, Sylvia."
"I know. He's very special to me. Not a jealous bone in his body."
"You're both welcome any time."
"Thanks, that means a lot, although I think Baxter thinks we're all crazy."
They sat up, and Greg looked over at the outdoor shower on the deck.
"How about we clean up before we head out?" He asked.
"Sure, but that's broken. It's on the list. I do have a quite large walk in shower though."
"Too bad about that. I can come back another time and fix it if you like."
"Really? I can hire someone."
"I do construction for a living, it's no problem at all."
"So... that shower, would it fit four?" Sylvia asked.
"If we're all friends, we could probably manage it." Carol said with a grin.
She stood up, and pulled Sylvia to her feet.
"Follow me."
Lisa grinned, and lightly grabbed Greg's softening cock.
"Coming?"
"Not yet, but keep that up..." came the reply.