All characters appearing or mentioned in this story are 18 years old or older. This story is a work of fiction and any reference or description to actual persons is unintentional.
####################################
If you are enjoying these stories, leave a comment about what you liked or didn't, or things you want to ready more of. I'll take advice into consideration when I'm working out the next parts of the LoP stories.
####################################
February 1999
"Ohhhhhhh, fuck me, fuck me, FUCK MEEEEEEEEE," cried Rena as I slammed my cock into her tight, hot pussy. She was on her knees, legs pushed tight against her so was essentially folded over, ass high in the air. She screamed more as I continued to fuck as hard as I could into her. She liked doggy style the best since she got off the hardest that way.
"Yes! OHHHHHhhhh, FUUUUUUCK YEEEEEES!," she continued to bellow as her orgasm rode over her. It was a long one, with constant, pleasurably firm pressure on my long, thick cock still buried in her to the hilt. Not wanting to spoil it, I stood still as she finished and came down a little.
"Oh, fuck," she said breathlessly. "It just keeps getting better." She continued to breathe deeply as her eyes flittered open and closed, reeling from the aftershocks of her orgasm.
"Im glad you liked it," I said. "But now..."
I pulled nearly out and slammed back into her forcefully.
"Ohhhh, yeeees," Rena hissed as I fucked her with all the built up need of the last half hour. "Bury that cock deep in me when you cum. I want to feel it fill my pussy."
Since we'd been making out for the better part of an hour, something I rarely get to enjoy as much as I do with Rena, I was more than ready to give her what she wanted. She came over wanting to ask me something but we soon just started kissing and then that led us to here.
"Fuck you are so hot," I moan as my own orgasm started to build. It came on more quickly than I thought and I was ready to let loose.
"Do it," she commanded, "use me and cum for me. Fucking explode for me!"
I did just that. With an audible, guttural yell I was pushed over the edge with her dirty talk and flooded her pussy with two days of pent up cum. I slammed a few times into her, down on her, before I pulled out to empty the rest onto her ass and back. When I was done, a lake of cum was sitting between the valley created by the lower back muscles of Rena.
Suddenly drained (in more ways than one) I collapsed on top of her, my hands still firmly under Renas chest, squeezing her breasts. She didn't ask me to move or complain about my weighting her down, but simply lay there, putting her hands over mine.
"Fuck that was great," I said as I rolled off of her.
"I know, I was there," she said smiling at me with her wide, full lips; her face partially covered by her cutely disheveled blonde hair. She felt between her legs and dipped her fingers in the cum I'd shot into her. "Did you save up just for me? That feels like a gallon you shot for me."
"No, just in general. But I'm glad you got to be the beneficiary of it," I said. I kissed her gently. She responded in kind. "Besides, I shoot as much as I'm turned on, and you know how to get my motor running."
She smiled at my lame car reference, terrible as it was. Being a gear head, she hopefully appreciated my efforts to integrate things she liked into our rendezvous. We had previously gotten together on my birthday, and I was glad that I was available today when she stopped by. I was trying to get some things in order before I hopefully move to Portland in a few weeks and time was becoming scarce.
For the few times we've hung out and hooked up, Rena was making quite the impression on me. One that I sincerely hoped that was reciprocated. She was fast becoming one of my favorite people to hang out with, just for the fact that she was so open and blunt and confident. It was attractive, to say the least.
And I finally understood what some women had told me about my own confidence, and how attractive it made me once I started showing it. I didn't get it until I was attracted the same quality, so hopefully I'll notice it in the future. But probably not, because I am not that intelligent when it comes to hot women who flirt with me.
We took a cat nap then, Rena moving to put her head on my shoulder and arm around my chest. I think we were asleep for maybe a half hour before I heard the knocking at my front door.
The second knock meant that they weren't going away. Since it was a Tuesday it was either religious folks out getting their quota, or one of my female friends coming to visit, or my neighbor Leila. In any case, I didn't see the need to put clothes on. I closed the bedroom door on my way to answer the front door.
I opened the door to see Lauren standing in the hallway. She was wearing her long brown hair down and straight today. A blue tank top covered her upper half but did nothing to hide the D-cup breasts she had, and denim shorts that went a fair bit higher than normal shorts. Her very long legs ended with white low top sneakers.
"Hi," I said, still fully naked, "what's up?"
She eyed me up and down, which I must say I enjoyed immensely. She smiled wide as her eyes came back up to meet mine.
"Am I interrupting you again? I could come back," she said, feigning turning to leave.
"I am, but you are welcome to come in while I get dressed," I said, inviting her in. She accepted and went to sit on the couch.
"I don't mean to keep you from your guest," she said, making herself at home. "Go ahead and do whatever you were doing. I'll wait my turn."
She spread her arms on the back of the couch, looking to luxuriate while I got dressed. I left her to it and went back to the bedroom.
Rena was awake and laying on the bed, one arm holding her head up. "Is that Lauren," she asked.
"Yea, not sure what she wants though," I said, looking around for my clothes. Rena, grabbing my hand, pulled me back to the bed. Pulled may be an exaggeration; more like guided me gently since a hot naked girl doesn't really need to expend that much effort to make me follow her.
She pulled me down into a warm, wet, passionate kiss. Her legs opened and wrapped around my hips, pulling me further into her clutches.
Before more thoughts could enter, Rena rolled us both over and landed on top of me. My quickly returning erection was pressed hard against her still wet pussy, which she stroked up and down, wetting my cock with her sex.
"Rena, I..." was all I could get out before she smashed her mouth back down on mine, cutting off my words as well as the remainder of my thoughts. Her force and passion caught me by surprise, and her insane sexiness made me forget all about my guest.
Regaining my full hardness, Rena ground her pussy up and down my long, thick, hard shaft, teasing the head with her entrance. After a few more strokes, she lifted her hips up, my cock springing up to meet her sex, and she impaled herself down on me in one thrust.
"Ohhhhh, FUUUUUUUCK!" she called out loudly. "Fuck that is so good. So DEEEEEEP," she moaned even louder. She began riding me enthusiastically, bouncing her tight ass up and down only enough for her to get her pleasure. When she went down, she ground her clit on my pubic bone, pushing down hard before going back up, just to slam down on my cock again.
"Oh, fuck Paul, you feel so good inside me," Rena called. "Oh, fuck, yes, yes, oh, oh, oooooo, fffuuuuuuuuuuck."
I could feel the beginnings of my own orgasm building up after a few minutes of her riding me. I started to thrust up into Rena as she came down, adding more pressure for her.
"Fuck, yes, fuck me, slam that monster in my pussy," she cried. I did my best.
After a few more minutes of her frantic, lust filled riding, I could feel her getting close as her pussy started to clamp down on my cock. She suddenly slammed down on me, grinding her pussy fast and hard against me, her hands going under my ass and clenching tightly. She was fully on top of me, her mouth right next to my ear."Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck," she breathed. She stopped suddenly as her orgasm hit, squeezing my cock harder than before. "OOOOOHHHH FFFFUUUUUUUUCK PAAAAAUUUUUULLLLLL!"
She shuddered hard on top of me, panting and sweaty, her firm B-cup breasts crushed pleasingly against my chest. I wrapped my arms around her back, brushing her blonde hair from her face.
"Fuck, that was good," she said between breaths.
"I agree," I said. "But I do have a guest though, or did you forget?"
Turning her head to me, she smile slyly. "Oh," she said with feigned shock, "was someone outside? Oh my, I hope they didn't hear me. That would be embarrassing."
Her demeanor said that she was anything but embarrassed. After another few minutes Rena got off of me and grabbed her clothes. I did the same. Once dressed, we headed out to the living room. I had to stop and do a double take at what I saw.
Lauren, since we'd been in the bedroom, was on my couch, naked, save for her white tennis shoes. Her head was laying on the couch end and her legs were spread wide, showing her flushed, glistening, bare pink pussy. She was also breathing a little harder than normal, her full D-cup breasts swaying as she took deep breaths.
"Hey," said Rena casually.
"Hey," said Lauren in reply.
I just stood there in shock. I had seen Lauren naked before, but never just laying in my living room while I fucked another chick in the other room. It was strange and awesome and did nothing but exacerbate my already painfully full erection.
"I gotta get going," Rena said to the room as she grabbed her jacket. "Oh, there is a car show next weekend, Paul. I thought we could go and check it out. Could be fun."
Brain re-engaging after hearing my name, I turned back to Rena. "Huh? Oh, car show. Sounds fun, yea. You wanna drive or ride?"
"I'll drive," she said, reaching up to give me a quick kiss. "And then I'll ride," she said smiling coyly. She moved to leave, saying "Bye Lauren" as she left.
"Bye, Rena," said Lauren from the couch.
And then, I was alone with Lauren. Who was naked and spread eagle. On my couch. In my house.
I know I stared because she just sat there running her hands up and down her body, between her legs, over her breasts, as I just looked at her. I don't know how long I just looked as such an exquisite form, but eventually Lauren wanted a bit more effort form me.
"You know," she said softly, "you can come touch me if you want. I certainly wouldn't be presenting myself like this if I didn't want your hands on me."
I moved to go to her. With gazelle like grace and style, I tripped on the stool by the counter, stumbled, and then face planted the carpet. I landed hard.
"Ooooooowwwww," I moaned into the floor.
Lauren, full of concern for my well being, laughed maniacally.
Recovering, I felt blood rushing to my face but not from it, so I judged my injuries to be mostly relegated to my pride. I unzipped my pants as I recovered, dropping them while I came to the couch. Lauren, still laughing hysterically on the couch, her large, full breasts jostling with each giggle, stopped laughing when I forced my mostly hard cock into her open mouth.
"Mmmmph," she tried to say, surprise evident on her face. She smiled around my cock and then opened her mouth further, allowing me to sink down her throat more and more. Pulling back up and out, Lauren wasn't laughing any more, but had a more lustful look in her eyes.
"Wow," she said, licking her lips, "Rena tastes nice. Like a sweet musky flavor."
I pushed my fully erect cock back between her lips easily and went nearly all the way down, which I hadn't been able to do with her before. I pulled back out and Lauren gasped, but smiled.
"Sit down," she said, "I want to ride you."
I did as she asked, removing my shirt and sitting in the middle spot. Lauren was already very wet and ready as she straddled me and sank down fully on my long, thick member with a satisfied sigh.
"Oh, fuck," she said breathlessly, "I will always love the feeling of you stretching me out oooohhhhh so good."
She lifted up and sank back down again, satisfaction and pleasure on her face.
"So," she said as she slowly rose and sat back down on my cock, "did Rena let you finish, or were you left hanging?"
Knowing Lauren greatly relished hearing about my other love affairs, I indulged her curiosity.
"From the one you heard," I replied, "no, I didn't finish."
"Oh, poor boy," she mock sweetly, pursing her lips. "But, at least from what I heard, you gave her quite the orgasm. How did she feel? Was she tight and hot?" Laurens pace increased slightly as she asked her questions.
"Yes," I said, "when she came her pussy squeezed my cock so good. And her moans and cries of how good she felt were music to my ears."
"And did she cum knowing I was out here? Did she put on a show for me?"
"Oh yes," I said excitedly, "she knew you were here. She wanted you to hear me fuck her brains out."
I started to feel my orgasm work up from the base of my cock slowly as Lauren rode me. She preferred to just ride my pole, impaling herself over and over on me. She moved her legs to a squatting position, which forced my hands towards her middle where I fondled her glorious breasts. She continued riding me with increasing speed, panting at the excitement of hearing me fuck another woman.
"And did you cum for her earlier," Lauren asked desperately, her pace now a steady bounce. "Did you fill her hot pussy whit your cum?"
"Fuck thats good. Yes, I fucked her hard and fast. She screamed as she came on my cock, squirting from how well she was fucked. When I came, I came gallons in her hot, tight, wet pussy, and covered her back in a lake of cum. Just like I'm about to do to you," I told her. I moved my hands and put them under her ass as she rode me.
"Oh, fuck yes. Fuck me better than you fucked Rena. Cum in me. Fuck me!"
While she still bounced a little, I mostly held her up by her ass, thrusting up into her pussy. I slammed into her hard, fast, and deep, needing to show her how much she turned me on. How hot her kink of hearing about me fucking others made her even hotter.
"Fuck, Lauren, you want this cock to cum for you," I said, slamming up into her pussy with all the force I could find in this position.
"Oh, please, please," she panted, her hand going between her legs to finger her clit furiously. "Take that pussy. Fucking wreck it with that giant cock. I want you to dump an ocean of cum in me. Show me how hot this pussy makes you."
"OH FUCK YES! FUUUUUCK," I yelled as I came. I let Lauren sink down on me fully as I came, moving my arms to under hers and pulling her down further onto my throbbing cock.
"Fuck yes, fuck, fuck fuck!" yelled Lauren in my ear as her own orgasm hit. I felt her clench my still spasming cock, drawing as much cum out of me as possible. Her pussy was greedy, pulsing with pleasure and squeezing more out of me than I thought I had. Each spasm of mine was met with one from her, drawing out both of our orgasms longer and more powerful than normal.
As we came down Lauren moved her legs to straddle me once again, not breaking the connection at our sex. We just breathed for a few minutes, basking in the glow of a really good orgasm for both of us. Feeling her warm, full breasts pressed against my chest and her arms around my neck, I felt very comfortable. Also, a little sad that I'd be leaving soon and would be giving this up. Perhaps not entirely, but with women I'd come to know over the last year.
Lauren leaned back, smiling. "Damn that was nice," she said. She kissed me deeply, slowly, playing our tongues over one another an unhurried movement. It was nice.
"That was to nice," I stated, "as the Mona Lisa is to a doodle."
Lauren smile again. "I'm glad my pussy rates as high as the Mona Lisa."
"Hey, a work of art is a work of art."
She kissed me again and pulled off of my deflated cock. A small river of cum ran down her inner thigh but she didn't seem to care. She stretched, a fascinating site in itself, before getting up and grabbing her clothes.
"So," I said as she put her panties on, ignoring the cum still running out of her pussy, "you just bang me and leave me? I see how it is then." I tried to sound hurt but it was more cynical when it came out.
Lauren, using a tissue to wipe the cum off of her leg, scoffed at my joke. "Oh please," she said, tossing the tissue into the garbage and donning her shorts. She seemed to want to cover her breasts last, which was fine by me, as they were glorious to watch as she moved about the apartment.
"I came by to see if you had lunch plans. I had a hankering for tacos and thought of you," she explained, sliding her tank top over her head and positioning her breasts artfully in the garment.
Man, I really do love breasts. They're awesome!
"Yea, I could go for tacos," I said. I grabbed m discarded clothes and also got dressed.
We hit up a different spot that had more street tacos than rolled tacos, which were great nonetheless. We munched and chatted. Lauren, also, had some news to share.
"So," she started after finishing her third carnitas taco. "I wanted to let you know that I got a job."
"Great," I said, "doing what?"
"Well," she said, "actually doing exactly what you said."
After a few moments of awkward silence, I took a bite of taco stalling for time. It wasn't enough.
"Can you remind me what I said," I said.
She slapped my arm playfully. "You idiot. You told me that maybe I should try using my gossip powers for good instead of evil. So I applied to the three major tabloids in Hollywood. Interviewed for one last week, and yesterday they called and said they'd love to hire me. So I accepted."
Swallowing quickly, forgetting to chew first, and nearly dying from too big a bite, I said "Congratulations!"
"Thanks," she said, handing me a napkin. "And you're right, they are pretty lax with deadlines, but I do have them. And it means I'm gonna need to move to L.A. That was mainly what I wanted to talk to you about today. That I'll be leaving Rancho Hills soon."
I smiled my best 'go get em' smile at Lauren. "I'm really happy for you," I said. "And I'll miss you, truly.
"In fact, I myself will be leaving this place in a month or two. Just waiting to get the keys."
"Oh, right, the house. Problems?"
"Yea," I said, finishing my taco. "Rain delays, materials delays, a bunch of other stuff. But it's almost done. I'll send you my address so we can keep in touch."
"And who knows," Lauren said, smirking in that playful way, "perhaps I'll need to travel and I can make my way up north to visit."
"I would genuinely like that," I said, smiling back and clasping her hand.
#
The following Friday, Rena called to remind me that the next day was the car show. It was in Orange county, not a long drive but still a road trip, so we'd need to leave a bit early.
On Saturday, Rena arrived in her souped up Civic. Complete with honking from downstairs and yelling my name to the whole complex.
"C'mon Paul," she yelled, "get that pretty ass in gear!"
I moved my pretty ass purposefully slow after that. It was important not to give in to Rena, I was finding, lest you encourage more behavior like it. I took my time walking down the stairs.
"Get a move on I'll smack that ass into high gear," she barked. Okay, maybe she was just like that all the time.
Getting into Rena's car, she had it setup like a racer. Larger bucket seats, five point harnesses, and a few more dials mounted to the dash than I could not identify the purpose of. We sped out and were on the freeway in just a few minutes. Peeling down the highway at 80mph was also fun in a car with nothing in the way of cushy shocks.
"So, what are we most excited to see at this show," I ask her, trying to take an interest. I was not paying attention when she said the main reason for the trip. Mostly because Lauren was naked on my couch at the time.
"I'm mostly looking at racing mods and hoping to get a glimpse at what some of the San Diego crews are using in their cars," she said. "A lot of street racers expected to be there, as well as muscle cars."
"Nice."
We chatted more on the way to Orange County but the sun was out and the windows were down, and it was a nice road trip so we just sat and enjoyed the ride.
After we arrived and parked, we entered the fair grounds. It was a huge area that was hosting multiple events that day. The car show was nearer the back so it was a fair walk to get there. We stopped along the way and grabbed a snack before reaching our destination.
The car show was, well, not really a show per se. There were rows and rows of people next to their cars, a few popup shades with some tables of goods in them, and lots of people just slowly walking along the circuit.
I was basically arm candy for Rena as this was not my world, but I stopped and listened to her when she pointed something out. Or stood quiet when she talked to the vendor or a car owner. More than a few times the owners started up their cars and revved them for the crowd. The cars certainly sounded cool, and I wouldn't mind driving one around. I learned a few things and met some cool people, so in all it was a decent time.
Rena picked up a new gauge from a vendor that I didn't know quite what it did. She explained it to me, but I still didn't get it. I just batted my eyes and smiled. She laughed at my ignorance, which was a delightful sound.
On the way out we stopped and checked out a few of the other things happening. There was a wine event that you needed to be 21 to get into, so we passed it by. There was a swap meet that we went though real quick, but nothing caught our eye in there.
There was also an R.V. show going on in the big domed area. Since it was in the shade, and they were giving away free burgers, we stopped in to check it out. The sales people were hovering like vultures but I couldn't hear what they were saying.
After getting our grub, a sales dude came up to us offering us a tour. I was about to decline but Rena spoke first.
"Oh, that sounds great. My husband and I just got married and we were talking about traveling," she said. She smiled at me as she took a bite of her burger.
"Really? Well congratulations. And there is no better way to see the country than in one of our fine travel vehicles. How much were you looking to spend?"
"Yes," asked Rena politely, "what was the stipend from your trust again? $30,000 a month?"
Catching on to her game, I turned to the sales rep. "$35,000 a month actually. What can we get into for something like that?"
I swear I saw the guys pupils actually turn into dollar signs when I said that. He smiled widely and started walking to the back of the building, bidding us to follow.
"I think, for a couple starting out, you'll want to do so with the best there is," he explained.
The rep brought us to an absolute giant RV that was on display, with the sides out and open and day shades unfurled. The thing was larger than some houses I've been in.
Stepping inside, the rep showed us the features and what would be useful while traveling.
"Honestly, it will feel so much like home you might never leave," he said, pouring his very soul into his sales pitch.
Rena, being fun, sidled up next to me, putting her arm through mine and squeezing her chest up to me. "We might never leave it anyways," she said, smiling up at me.
He brought us through the entire thing before going in for the kill.
"So, how about it? You folks ready to drive this thing across the country today? I can get the paperwork started and have you out of here in an hour."
Rena, still smiling, spoke up first. "Oh honey," she bid me in her sweetest voice, "let's do it. Let's get it."
Cocking an eyebrow at her in confusion, I decided to let this play out. I smiled down at her in what I hoped was a loving look, and said "Oh, OK. Let's get it."
"Great," the rep said, slapping me hard on the arm. "I'll go start the paperwork. You folks look around and make yourselves at home. I'll be back in about 15 minutes and we can start signing."
He left us, taking the 'Come On In' sign with him. Peeking out the window, I saw him move a plastic chain in front of the door, blocking access into it.
"OK," I said to Rena, "what was all that about? I feel bad for getting that guys hopes up."
"Don't feel bad," she said, heading towards the back. "I heard him talking to his co-worker. He said 'Look at that pretty little cunt and the prick shes with. Bet I could get them to sign anything', and then they made a bet."
"Well, you do have a pretty magnificent pussy if you don't mind my saying."
Rena turned back to me, put her arms around me and kissed me deeply. Breaking our kiss, she said "Thanks. But when you say it, you are complimenting me, and I feel sexy afterwards. When they say it, they're being talking assholes."
Glancing to the right she saw the spacious, for an RV at least, bathroom. Smirking and grabbing my hand, she led me inside, closing the door. Turning to me, she unbuttoned her jean shorts and pulled them and her panties off.
"So," I said, "come here often?"
Rena grinned at my poor comedy. "No," she retorted, "but I do cum in here often." She started kissing me again, her hands going to my waist and belt. My hands started roaming her bare arms, down her back and landing on her perky, nude ass.
She undid my belt and pulled my pants and boxers down to the floor, releasing my quickly hardening member.
"I want you to fuck me, hard and fast, cause we don't have a lot of time."
She turned around and bent over the toilet, sticking her ass out. My cock, sensing the fun, was hard and ready. I moved behind her, running the head up and down her entrance, getting it wet. When I was slick enough, I pushed the head and and a couple inches into Rena.
"Fuck... ohhhhhhhhhh...damn that is big," she said. "Put it all in me now, fuck me and make me cum."
I pulled out and pushed into her at a faster rate than I normally would. She was certainly wet enough so in a few strokes I was buried up to the hilt inside Rena, fucking her in standing doggy style.
Since she wanted it fast, that is what I gave her. Once we were lubricated, I pulled out and slammed into her firm ass with speed.
"Oh, fuck, yes, fuck, me, oh, yes, yes, oh, oh, oh, yes," she panted with each thrust. I could feel her fingers on her clit, rubbing herself furiously. I picked up my pace to meet hers, the sound of me hitting her ass reverberating in the small space.
"Ooooohhhhh, FUCK, YES, FUUUUUCK," she screamed after a few minutes. She pulled off of me suddenly, continuing to rub her pussy. As she came she squirted, splashing her juices all over the toilet seat and some on the floor. After she was finished, she turned to me.
"OK," she said with a smirk, "your turn."
She moved a little to stand in front of the vanity, again presenting her ass to me, giving it a little shake. "Tell me when you're going to cum. I want to make a mess."
Not questioning her about what she meant, I plunged my girth back into Renas tight, wet pussy from behind her. I fucked her with my own need, slamming into her ass hard with each thrust, driving my long, thick cock into her depths as far as I could. It was only a minute or two before I felt the familiar tingle from the base of my cock.
"Holy shit, Rena, you're so fucking hot. I'm getting close," I told her.
She smiled at me in the mirror, breathing hard from my fucking her. "Good, do it, fuck me, harder, faster," she encouraged.
"Fuck, Rena, FUCK!" I yelled. She pulled off of me just as the first shot fired. She grabbed my erupting cock, squeezing the spot just under the head, causing the shot to go farther than I thought possible. She stroked my cock in time with my spasms, pulling half a dozen thick ropes of cum out of me. When she saw I was still cumming just not shooting far, she took my cock into her mouth, sucking on the head gently as I finish cumming.
Pulling off me, she showed me her tongue, covered in cum, before swallowing. "Mmmm, nice," she said with a grin.
Examining the mirror, it looked like someone sprayed it with a shampoo bottle.
"OK," said Rena, donning her clothes once more. "Let's tell the guy we changed our minds and leave him to clean up the mess. Serves him right for calling us names."
"I would have to agree," I said, buttoning my pants.
Leaving the bathroom, Rena commented "That was pretty impressive though. You shoot like a cannon. No wonder it feels so good when you cum in a girl."
"It's easy when the girl is such a hot piece of ass," I said, slapping her firm ass lightly. Rena turned around, stepping right in front of me, all seriousness in her eyes.
"The next time you slap me on the ass," she said, "you had better be pulling my hair as you fuck me from behind. Otherwise, you're just teasing me."
She kissed me deeply again before turning and leaving through the door.
"Hey," the rep said as he saw us exiting. He was nearly running to us carrying a bundle of papers. "Just got these ready. Who wants to sign first?"
"You know," I said, making a show of turning back and looking at the RV. "I'm not sure about this one. I mean, the bathroom is a bit small for our uses. We can't even have countertop sex in there. Where would her legs go?"
"I know," Rena added, "I mean, sure we made it work, but I prefer sticking them straight out when he's between my legs. And, there's no floor drainage; who wants to clean that up every time."
"So," I said, slapping him hard on the arm, "thanks but no thanks."
We walked away, arm in arm, from the confused and gawking sales rep, grabbing another burger on the way out.
"You know," I said, finishing my second free burger of the day, "I didn't think I would enjoy a car show, but I'm glad I came."
Rena, finishing her own burger, said "I'm glad you came with me. I'm certainly glad I came...with you."
I smiled at the double entendre as we left the fair grounds, heading to her car.
"So, home then," I asked.
"Well, since I drove, I kinda have you all to myself," she said, a sneaky look on her face.
"Heavens," I said, looking around mock concerned. "You do have me trapped. What are we to do then?"
Starting the car and leaving the fair grounds, she said "There are a lot of really nice places in the hills with really great views, especially at sunset. What do ya say we go up there, spread out a blanket, and I show you how hot you made me with our little stunt back there."
"As long as you can squirt while I go down on you," I told her, "I'd say that sounds good to me."
I felt the car kick up a bit faster as Rena urged us faster to our destination.
###