My obsession for things beautiful, in particular women was driving me the desire to "try out" someone different on a regular basis. This of course cannot be entirely healthy. There was a need for me to have things "checked out for good."
It was at this point, I needed some advice from someone like a therapist. I was now in my late twenties. I needed to settle in a committed relationship. My last was with my very beautiful Vietnamese ex girlfriend Julie. That ended 2 years ago now. And even now I miss her dearly. She was into some of my fetishes. Namely public exhibitionism and voyeurism.
But I need to warn you that this story is very graphic. If the details offend, please don't continue or if you are like me, please continue anyway.
I scoured the internet for a therapist that I wanted to meet. I wanted a female therapist naturally rather than a male therapist. I couldn't see myself chatting to a male about my personal desires.
I chose a centre near the city randomly. When I called I asked about the experience and credentials of the therapist. The lady therapist had some ten or so years experience and the qualifications of a medical doctor specialising in sex education. I made my appointment for the following week after work.
The following week arrived quickly. I feel nervous but excited at the same time. Nervous because I wanted to tell the therapist everything including my real desires and my fantasies. Excited because it may help put clarity on why I have such desires.
Yes I sort of know a reason. I had a close intimate relationship with my mum in my teen years. Admittedly she was a very attractive woman. And she fulfilled some of my desires including providing me sexual relief so she could get off. Apparently she was the hot girl at high school and she fulfilled many of the boys pent up sexual urges. I was constantly reminded of how hot she was and how lucky I was to have such a beautiful mother. There clearly was good reason from that to my present predicament.
I arrived at the centre and was greeted by young lady who again asked me to fill in some personal details. After a few minutes, she came over to retrieve the form and said that Dr. Pieris wouldn't be long. When the doctor came out, I was pleasantly surprised by her attractiveness. She wasn't stunning but she oozed a kind of sexiness about her. She looked European. Perhaps French. She would be in her forties and a little younger than my mother. Again my mind ran like clock work at its worst. What was she like? I asked myself. She looked experienced. I like that.
She greeted me, then followed I her, to her room. I sat across her large desk, seated on comfortable leather seats. Then she asked the issues I wished to discuss today. I needed to be upfront with her. I told her I had a problem with certain fetishes all related to woman. She asked me directly what they were. I breathe in nervously and deeply. It was harder than I thought.
After a pause, I told her my attraction to beautiful women and it leads me to fantasize about then sexually. She then asked me exactly what I thought about when I come across someone attractive. I nervously told the plain true, that I fantasize about them masturbating me. Then I mumbled that I love to go down on a woman and taste her before the final act. I looked at her directly in the eye as I said that. My erection already very hard. I see her blushing and squirm a little in her seat. I was getting her excited. And it was arousing me. After a pause she asked why is it, that you need to perform that act before a woman finishes you. Quite frankly the conversation was turning me on. I decided to openly be frank with her to see how far I can go with her. I wanted to arouse her. It appeared to be working. Her professional exterior crumbling at the thoughts and images of my words.
"Well, I like to spread a woman's legs apart and then her hairy pussy. Hairy pussies turn me I confess. Then I like to examine woman's vulva because the image turns me on. To see it in its natural state. The wet creaminess of it. Then I like to touch the folds and feel the moist surface, before tasting her. Feel her pussy lips between my teeth, as I chew on them. I like to taste her intimate parts because it brings me to a higher aroused state." I casually teased.
"I particularly like the smell and scent of her most private parts." I continued.
I was now blushing myself from my own full on confession. But she was crossing her legs from one side to the other side. Obviously getting hot on this most intimate conversation. Her face looking rather turned on and blushing pink.
"Then I like to watch a woman masturbate herself. Observe her technique. Hear her excitement and listen to how she approaches an orgasm. It's rather hot to watch." I continued the seductive tease.
"But if she prefers not to, that's OK, she can masturbate me in her own way instead, to orgasm." I said matter factly.
After a pause, she comments. "Hmmm, interesting. What do you want to achieve here? How do you want me to help?"
"I want to refocus on having a genuine relationship with someone without this constant lust for more variety if you like to call it. This fulfilment of my fetishes which I have a tendency to believe will relieve my urges." I replied. "What do you think? Can you help?"
"Well there's nothing wrong with your desires or fetishes. You just have to not let it rule your life. Without stating the obvious, remember the one you are with and look at other passions and interest that you can share together." She suggested. "But I need to know more. How the desires manifest itself. What is it, that causes it?"
"I am willing make some changes. Where can I start?" I asked innocently.
"Would you feel more comfortable here?" She pointed to the couch.
She gets up and moves to the couch, ushering me to follow her. Suddenly I was getting excited, aroused by her attractiveness. I sit down next to her. She moved closer.
"Are attractive to me?" She asked.
I swallowed hard. Indeed I was. I found her sexy and seductive for a woman of her age. I can only imagine what she was like. I can imagine she would wild and experienced. Was she married. I did not notice any thing on her fingers. Maybe she avoided jewellery when she is consulting.
"Oh yes, yes I am. When I am alone with an attractive woman, my thoughts wonder. I want to experience her. I feel the urges to fulfil my fetishes with her." I replied nervously.
"Are you feeling it now? Are wanting me?" She asked the obvious.
She moves closer and touches my thigh with her hand. It sends bolts of electricity through my being.
"Tell me what you are thinking now. Do you want to go down on me. Eat me?" She teased.
I turn to putty now. In a flash my mind imagined her spread eagled on this couch, lying back against the couch, and spreading her pussy wide open with her fingers, exposing herself to me. Then me approaching her then crouching down to look at her, then touch her intimately before going down on her to taste her. I was getting rock hard now.
"Oh yes," I mumbled, nervously.
"Maybe not just now, but you were thinking about it weren't you? Tell me what turns you on when you are alone with a female." She calmly asked. "What are wanting now?"
"Oh god I want to be close to you. Touch you. I want to smell you. Kiss you. Lick you all over. I want see what you are like underneath."
"Then I want you to masturbate me. I want to experience how you do it. Feel your hand on me. Feel how you touch a man." I continued unashamedly now.
She moved even closer. For the first time I can smell her presence. She wasn't really wearing any perfume but her natural scent I can recognize as a woman in heat. It was beginning to drive me crazy. Oh god I would love to eat her pussy. To see what she was like down there. To taste her. Then, I am interrupted by the of feel her hand rubbing slowly my front.
"Does it feel nice. Tell me how you like it. How do you like a woman to masturbate you?"
Oh my god. Another fantasy is becoming true.
"I want you to do as you like. Whatever turns you on. But I do like to be stroked fast by a beautiful woman like you." I tried to charm her.
"But can I touch you first?" I asked.
"I will take my top off for you." She teasingly says.
She opens her top and I can see her bra. Surprisingly she worn a sexy pair of bra. Thank goodness she was all natural. She takes her bra off and I am mesmerized by her beautiful skin. I wanted to touch and suck her nipples. She allows me to touch her perky breast but that was it. I can hear her very soft moans as I kneed the warm flesh. It arouses me now.
Her right hand continues the lightly massaging of my front. I close my eyes, imagining her going all out crazy on me. I continued massaging her breast.
"Do want to kiss me?" She asked.
We do just that. I am so horny now. She was a passionate kisser. Her faint moans a real turn on.
"Tell me what you are feeling now? What do you like me to do? How do you like me touch you?" She went on.
"I feel so aroused being close to you. I feel electricity in my head. Its a strong desire for you to fulfil my urges. I like you to give me a handjob the way you like to do it. I want to experience how you masturbate a man." I teasingly confessed to her.
"Is there any technique you like to see?" She teased back.
"Oh god, you are so hot. I want you to go all out crazy on me." I now plead.
She starts to massage more aggressively now. Then she ask me to take my shorts off. I sit back after that, my erection sticking up under my underwear like a flagpole. I feel fluid running up the shaft spilling out of the swollen head.
"Oh god, please show me how you do it." I plead again.
She starts to moan. She lips her lower lip, staring right at me.
"Oh god yes, I love hearing at woman moan in excitement. It really turns me on when a woman starts moaning, especially when she is about to give to masturbate someone. I like to hear her talk dirty, oh god it's such a turn on." I openly confessed now.
She blushes. And moans. She looked extremely aroused now. And it was arousing me more.
My mind wonders. I want to see her down there. I want to taste her. What does she look like, her pussy I wondered. I move my hand from her breast and slowly move it southward. But she immediately stops me.
She kisses me passionately now whilst running her hand up and down the hard shaft still lying beneath my underwear. She moans in excitement devouring me. Then she starts to whisper to me.
"Oh yeah, is this what you like? Tell me how you are feeling now? Oh yeah you feel so hard!" She begins to tease.
"Oh my god you are so hot." I moaned.
I feel her pulling my underwear off my penis. It's springs out with some force. Then grasped it pulling my foreskin firmly down. A lustful smirk appears on her beautiful face.
"I haven't been this excited, to masturbate a man, for a long time. I really want to do it. I want you to really enjoy it." She blushingly confessed. "I am a married woman. Does that turn you on?"
"Oh god yes! Its turns me on more." I smirked.
My god, I am even more aroused by her candid confession. This is going to be really hot. I feel I am going to really like it. I clear her hair from her sexy face and start to kiss her. My hip slowly thrusts up to meet her massaging hand.
Then she begins really talk dirty. It was music to my ears. She was wanting to experience the pleasures of my fetish. To fulfil my desires.
"Oh yeah, you are so stiff, so hard. Do like it? My hand touching you. You want to taste my pussy? I know you want to touch me there. And smell me on your fingers. That's gets you hard, yeah." She teased me deliberately.
Her right hand massages my testicles. I feel the warmth of it. Then she starts to lick her fingers and proceeds to massage her saliva along the length of my shaft, then massaging the fluid on the swollen head.
"Do you like that?" She teases. "Yeah feels so good. Oh yeah you're so hard."
She continued licking her fingers and massaging her saliva onto the end of my head and shaft.
"You like to hear a woman moan in excitement, yeah. Turns you on, eh?. Tell me you like it." She continued the teasing words.
"Oh god you are so hot." I moaned excitedly.
"Oh yeah, I haven't done this for a while, I feel so dirty and hot. You like the way I talk to you? It's what you want to hear, eh?" She asked.
"You like the way I lick my fingers, eh? Turns you on? She continued.
My god she's real hot. What can I say to that. I hear her excitement in her teasing voice. Her breathing is heavy and deep. Oh god I want to experience her. Feel her excitement when she finally goes crazy on me. She is a real tease. I want to experience her technique. See how she lets her herself go.
Then she bends down and dribbles a large drop of her warm saliva directly onto my swollen head. Then uses her fingers to massage the running fluid over the whole shaft. The look of pure lust on her face tells it all.
"My god yeah, I haven't done this for so long. I feel so hot. So dirty. You like it? Do the other women do this?" She asked innocently.
"Oh god yes, yes!" I moaned.
"Do you like me watching at you as I massage my saliva on you, hey? Turns you on, yeah? Is that what you like? Beautiful women getting excited, playing with your big hard cock with their spit, yeah and saying dirty things to you. Oh yeah I got it. You like to hear a women moan as they masturbate you. Oh my god, I feel so dirty now." She moans as she blushes heavily.
She again dribbles large drops of saliva from her mouth. This time she twists the fluid firmly around the head and up and down the shaft in a steady repetitive motion. I groaned in pleasure. Oh god it feels so good. I was really enjoying her hand motion. Her experience is showing through. Her technique more refined, even if she says she hasn't done this for some time.
"You really like that didn't you? You really want to see how I masturbate a man, eh?" She moaned.
My god my pelvis pumps up and down meeting her twisting right hand as she continues her dirty teasing. She teases me with her sexy eyes and unconsciously licks her lips. Her wanton stares hot.
She watches my body respond to her hand action.
I grab her right breast with my left hand, fondling it as I wrap my right arm around her head wanting to kiss her passionately as she continued the steady twisting up and down my shaft. This was truly a fantasy come true.
"I haven't made a man orgasm this way for a long time. I want to see you ejaculate. My god I so hot now. You want to cum, eh?" She teased.
I nodded my head. She moans like she was about to orgasm herself. I feel her excitement. Her breathing deep more rapid now. The sexy smell of a woman's desire floats into my nostrils. Again I attempt to insert my fingers down her skirt, but even now she still pushes my hand away.
"I can't allow you, even if I want it. But your attempts are turning me on. Let me finish you. It's been a while since I have been with anyone else. Let me enjoy this. Oh god you are so hard. You like the way I touch you?" She continues the tease.
Again she dribbles onto my head and shaft. This time she twists the head only and faster then pumps up and down rapidly, before twisting rapidly again alternating with fast pumping. I moan continuously now from the change in technique and pace. My head feeling euphoric ready to get blown by pleasure she was given me. I look at her and she is looking into my eyes, enjoying my reactions. The look on her face hot and dirty. A lustful smile appears.
"Oh yeah, you really like this! This whole act making me so hot. Oh god, it so forbidden, me masturbating another man, in this way. I feel myself wanting to orgasm. Oh so hot." She moans in pleasure.
Seeing her excitement, I again attempt to touch her down there. I want to go down on her. I want to see what she looks like. How wet she is now. It was a desire to taste her and smell her. But again she pushes me away.
"Oh god I can't. Not now. Let me finish you." She whispers excitedly. "Tell me how you like it? How do you want me to finish you, fast or slow?"
"Oh god, I love it fast. Real fast. I want to you to masturbate me like you would masturbate other men." I moan excitedly, returning the tease.
She then continues her rapid twisting and alternating fast pumping. I roll my head in sheer desire and pleasure. My pelvis thrusts rapidly up and down meeting her right hand. She moans in excitement like she is feeling an approaching orgasm. Quickly she finally dribbles more saliva onto my swollen head and then pulls my shirt up exposing my belly ready for the mess she was going to make. Then gives a few final fast firm twists. I moan excitedly anticipating her about to finish me.
"Oh yeahh, oh yeahh, oh god yeah, you want it, yeah, oh god I feel so dirty!" She moans in sheer excitement now.
Her right hand immediately becomes a blur. She goes crazy. The sound of her extreme stroking fills the room competing with her sexual moaning. It was the sound of her approaching orgasm as she masturbated me. She becomes extremely enthusiastic and excited. It was frenzied and crazy.
"Oh yeahh, oh yeahh, feel so good, oh feel so good. Oh yeahh, this is what you want, eh, this is what you want?!" She moaned enthusiastically.
I explode in seconds. My ejaculate flies in all directions. Some hitting us in the face. Most of it land onto my chest. She continues jerking full on until I was completely spent. Again with her I had to grab her hand to slow her. She was incredible. But she was still moaning, as her orgasm washes over her. She starts to kiss me passionately as it subsides, her hand still stroking me frantically.
"Oh my god, that was so erotic. So hot. Did you like that? You messy boy!" She whispers to me in school girl like fashion.
She was amazing. I cuddle her, kissing her. She blushes even more, before saying.
"I sorry that you had to see me in this way. But I have learnt how to pleasure a man again. I know what you like. What turns you on. There is nothing wrong about your unusual desire. You just need to meet again that special person who can share your desires." She smiled at me, before cuddling up to me.
Her fingers still tracing light strokes along the shaft, before she checked the time and suggests that I better clean up and go. It was an amazing 2 hours of her time. I am not going to forget her in a hurry. I kiss her then make my way out.
"I want to see you again." I turned back to her.
"We will see." She waved with a smile.