Sometimes I get horny. I guess this is quite the norm for many of us out there. I have tried thinking through which sort of stimuli set me off. Honestly it could be anything but I do love the "physique".
Say I'm on a bus typically coming home from work for example. I might observe a nice chest, a bulge or a butt, sometimes even another woman with an attractive figure... anything can get my mind wandering. Suddenly the whatever I observed becomes the centrepiece or at least part of the scene that kicks off in my mind...
Usually I move into a suitable position... I mean a position that puts particular pressure on one of my buttons. If I'm sitting, maybe I'll slide forward on my seat which pulls my trousers into my tush. If I'm in a dress or skirt I might slide back in an attempt to free myself from direct underwear contact. This can leave a little room for my lips replace and to expand a little. I can even sometimes feel a little "fresh air" down there when I do this. It's such a turn on.
If I'm standing I might try and brush up against a pole and feel the cold metal against a nipple (obviously through blouse and bra). I sometimes move my handbag in front of me and hold it with both hands. I can sometimes get an edge of handbag to rest right where I want it. I have also backed into one of the vertical poles and lodged it in the small of my back. On a deserted bus, when leaning forward to buckle a shoe I can feel the cold metal bar cleave my buttocks and even rub my anus through light dress and knickers. Definitely a turn on!
I am very careful about what I attempt especially on regular bus lines and routine travel. I know the worst thing to happen would be to be "found out" and consequently "harassed" during my regular day.
Obviously the whole time my mind is wandering backwards and forwards over adventurous scenarios: Does the hunk with the bulge move over and stand behind me? Is the woman with the blouse inviting me to look down her front or brush past her breasts?
Another place for observation can be work meetings... observing legs under tables opposite, or office moments: watching colleagues bent over desks, walking nonchalantly down corridors. Again tiny little scenes of life get my mind racing.
However other stimuli also serve to induce the state of erotic daydream... It can be a perfume, male of female. Maybe it's a quip I overhear from a male powwow about a weekend exploit. Moving on further, the spark can be a brush past in shop or in the street. The rub of my breast on someone's back in a crowd, a warm or cold contact on my ass as I move through people in a shopping centre.
Usually when my mind starts racing I just let it go. I mean when I first started having erotic scenarios playing in my mind I would attempt to calm them down or stop them I suppose I thought people would be able to read me and guess my secrets. I know this is untrue and have promised to always give in to the erotic plays of which I am usually the main part. So usually when my mind starts racing I just let it go.
I focus my eyes out of the window, on my bosses poster behind his desk or on my computer screen and the flow of mental activity builds a story... Some of my thoughts are invented others are part of real and experienced situations. Usually I move from slightly turned-on to very much aroused in a few short minutes. I feel my breasts fill out and my nipples harden. I feel my inner thighs heat and pussy moisten. I feel my heart beating in these different places.
If I am not careful I catch myself oscillating in my seat or knitting my legs together if I am standing. I sometimes brush my hand across my breasts just to feel mu erect nipples. I enjoy edging at this point, keeping myself aroused as long as I can. Occasionally when I get the edging wrong or just plain give in my ideas can get me all the way to orgasm. Yes, without any more physical action on my part or on anyone else's... I think I go red in the face when this happens and pant a little. Oops!
At other times I am very conscious that I need to "get off" so that I can quieten down and concentrate on my day again, be it shopping, working or even visiting friends or family. I might be what some call a compulsive masturbator, I'm not into psychological jargon so I just do whatever my mind and body lead me to. On some days I have gone all the way up to four times. On most days I make it once.
I must admit that it's on the days I "overload" on fantasy & finger that I catch myself wanting to be seen even exposed like a thing you expose... maybe one day.
I really enjoy some nakedness in masturbation. When I'm out I settle for half nude as this is easier to attain on a short time scale. Also in my mind there is something a little more kinky in a public place to be half naked, even if I am hidden from sight.
In this case I just get myself to the closest ladies and "whip off" the bottom half of my attire. My favourite position is legs slightly spread, one hand against a wall, back arched. My other hand can then roam free under my top and over my bosom, nipping my nipples and massaging my breasts. My hand can also reach over my ass and into my pussy or straight between my thighs. Heaven!
When I am extra horny I use the natural flow of my juices to lubricate my smaller hole. At this point I have also used my other hand to finger my slit using my face and cheek to stay propped against the wall. This is a favourite and leaves me feeling really slutty.
I can usually cum within a few minutes, pee, change my liner, calm down and re-introduce myself into society without anyone being the wiser. I do get turned on by this and sometimes think I should... well you know let someone catch a glimpse of me playing.
The feline animal inside me loves it!