It had been weeks since Monica had risked her exhibitions in Teacher "Dane Morrison's" class. After all these weeks of guys begging her to get bold again she finally felt comfortable enough to go for broke. She had waited to see how the students who had seen her in her other hijinks would keep things quiet. After a long silent patience, Monica decided they needed to be rewarded.
Upon entering class Monica leaned over Ryan at his desk in her black button down shirt and flaunted her massive cleavage. She had walked in with all but one button undone. Guys were already noticing. The shirt concealed a pair of equally black spandex pants that covered her like a second skin.
Before taking her seat she backed her ass up toward a number of her neighboring boys. Bending over in front of them to let them rub her covered cheeks.
As Morrison made his entrance she concealed her open cleavage and sat down within her seated group of men. Morrison was as oblivious as ever, long winded in his chapter breakdown. As his back was turned Monica fanned her shirt wide, the final button unclasped. She darted her eyes around at the twelve boys that had scooted quietly before class into a more concealing arena. The bigger boys sat in front of her as a shield.
Ryan eyes her and shows her a note, "I dare you to strip totally naked this time."
Monica's eyes grew saucer sized as she bit her lip. Ryan showed the other boys his note. That made them escalate her chances.
Her shirt cloaking her for the most part Monica slipped her sandals off her feet and eased her ass quietly from her seat. She waited to be certain Morrison was in full Teacher mode before slithering her spandex pants down her legs and off of her toes. She kicks them over to Ryan for safe keeping. The shirt being extra long made a great blanket to hide her lower half. Today she went commando.
As the class progressed Monica slipped her shirt from her shoulders down to her wrists. With a deep breath she escapes the shirt and passes it to Toby. This girl was naked.
Squeezing her chest for her admirers she lifted her left breast to suck her own nipple. The boys loved it.
Ryan silently holds a note out, "I dare you to crawl over to Justin and rub his crotch."
Shivering at his dare she carefully eased out of her seat and crouched in silence. She paused due to Morrison's slowing speech. It was like he was losing his train of thought. Yet, he remained looking away from his class. It was easy to see that Morrison used his chalkboard as a security blanket. He was a great Teacher but he hated eye contact. That made his class the simplest to do things in.
Monica stalked like a tiger on her hands and knees up one row to kneel beside Justin. The boy grinned like the devil at her as her right hand glided up his thigh to rub at his swelling jeans. He grew a monster right before her eyes. She bit her lower lip at it's girth. Marveling at his increase in size she massaged it more briskly. This made him arch his neck back to acknowledge his enjoyment. Finally, patting his erection she pivoted and crawled back toward her chair. Before she could reach it Ryan lifted his notepad to let her read it.
"I dare you to pat Toby now. Then Brian."
The two boys were side by side to the left of Ryan. She was forced to crawl in front of Ryan to reach them. Once in position she crouched on her toes between the boys and reaches out both of her hands. Each hand slipping across erections. Her eyes stared toward the front of the class. In her position she would easily be seen by Morrison should he turn around. Her full frontal glory almost wanting to be caught. Her nipples were bullet hard and her pussy dripping wet. She maintained her posture for over two minutes while creating friction across their crotches.
Deciding enough was enough she departed back in front of Ryan and intentionally reached over to pinch his own erection. Everyone wanted to laugh but managed to keep things under control.
Stopping her by using his left leg as a gate he showed his pad once again.
"I dare you to lay on your back in the aisle and masturbate to the count of twenty."
Others in the class were becoming aware of her antics, including the girls. Surprisingly they were cool with it.
Monica slithered into position beside Ryan and laid back. She parted her legs and began massaging her clit. Fingers dipped within her pussy as she mentally counted down from twenty to one. She chose to continue her assault for another twenty before sitting up to lick her fingertips seductively.
Rising she noticed the girls watching and blew them a kiss. That made them blush and return the favor. Even they enjoyed her show.
Reaching her desk she reclaimed her seat and crushed her 34DDD's together between her biceps while batting her lashes at the boys.
Ryan loved challenging her. Jotting down another message he shows it to her as she poses her breasts toward the boys playfully.
"I dare you to stay naked until class is over then walk out into the hallway. The guys will block you from Morrison."
Her eyes bulge and she takes a deep breath before exhaling the strands of brown bangs from her eyes. Swallowing hard she looks around her at the boys for their support. Thumbs up all around.
After a tense twelve minutes the bell rang. Morrison turned to his class but she was already huddling behind the biggest boy in front of her, "Dale". She stood only when he did.
Gathering about her the huddle of twelve boys concealed her pretty well. She had only put her sandals on.
Noting their move two of the girls from up front stepped forward to distract Morrison by asking him a question about his lesson. His back remained away as they pointed at his board.
This was too easy Monica thought as she boldly stepped along amongst the men. At the door Toby looked out to be certain that no other Faculty members were around. Ushering her out she danced in the hallway joyously. She had completed her task.
Ryan stepped through last and walked over to her with her clothing. She started to reach for them when he pulled them away.
"Not so fast. I dare you to lean against the lockers and let all of us suck on your nipples."
She brightened up and literally walked backwards until she felt cool steel on her ass. The boys crowded around her as she lifted her breasts up for each of them to take turns tenderly sucking and tugging on her nipples. She loved every second of it.
After Ryan took his turn he moved his lips up her flesh to kiss her neck all the way in to her lips. She kissed him warmly.
As their lips parted he whispers, "I dare you to kiss the crotches of every guy who helped you today."
Her eyes shimmer as the guys hear his dare. Without waver she crouches before Ryan and kisses his jeans covering his erection. The other eleven boys took turns moving in for her lips to kiss their tented denim.
Once done she stands up and dances in a circle.
"Can I get dressed now?" Monica giggles.
Before Ryan can comply the two girls from class, "Stacy" and " Gina" duck amid the boys.
"We want in on this." Gina chuckles.
Ryan puckers toward Monica who shivers and raises her tits once more. Both girls ease in and suck on her nipples. Once done they give Monica a kiss on the cheek laughing and agreeing this was, "SO COOL."
As the girls step back Ryan clears his throat, "Forgetting something?"
With an evil glare toward him Monica crouches in front of Stacy and literally kisses her devils triangle. Gina came next. This made the two girls blush again and hug Monica.
After the separation Ryan handed Monica her clothes. Getting dressed in the hallway caught the glances of over a dozen other students. Everyone enjoyed the view.
"See what you can accomplish when you set your mind on it?" Ryan smirks.
The boys each offer her a warranted gratitude for her show as well as their extra credit.
Monica rejoices by bouncing up and down squealing as they all depart to their next hour classes. She stops suddenly and approaches Ryan face to face. With a loud huff she growls.
"OH MY GOD, RYAN! I want this more and more. Am I losing my mind?"
"Probably." He chuckles, "Question is...how far do I dare you?"
"How far am I willing to go?" She pauses.
"Yup." He awaits.
"Ryan?"
"Yeah?"
"I dare you to push me over the edge."
He puckers vividly as the bell rings.
"I have Gym at 2:00. Meet me in the boys locker room at 2:40."
Her heart pounds in her chest.
"Holy shit."
He turns away leaving her to digest what that pertained to. In her mind she knew.
She was going to be late for class due to her dance in the hall.