(Content Warning: the end of this chapter mentions self-harm scars)
"Barney? Barn, slow down for a sec'-Hey-"
The mug was pried from his hands, and Savannah continued making the latte, having to wipe caramel off from the sides. "Why don't you stay up at the register, alright? Let me worry about making the orders. Would that work better for you?"
Barnaby swallowed a lump in his throat and smoothed out imaginary wrinkles in his apron.Hewas the one that had to call her in at the start of the unexpected rush. It shouldn't have been up to her to make accommodations for him.
Barnaby, however, was selfish, and the idea alone lifted one of many weights from his shoulders. When his quaff-haired coworker glanced back for an answer, he nodded, skirting around her to place himself at the register. "Your latte is on the way, ma'am," he said automatically. "Next?"
There were more latte orders, hot chocolates, and coffees, and though shaken, Barnaby was managing. A few "thank you for your patience" were thrown in for courtesy, but nobody complained.
While one customer collected their change, he turned to find his coworker moving back and forth. "How're you doing, Savannah?"
"I'm fine, Barn." Savannah bumped her hip into his as she brushed by. "Don't worry about me. Just keep 'em comin'."
Barnaby smiled and straightened his shoulders, ready for the next person in line. "Hello! What can I get for you?"
Grey eyes lifted from a phone to lock with hazel.
Barnaby's heart skipped a beat, and Gil smirked. He didn't know whether he wanted to run into his arms or runaway.
"Busy night?" the raven asked, scanning the menu overhead.
"Yeah, uhm-" Barnaby cleared his throat. There was a pen on his keyboard that was slightly off center. He corrected it. "I think there was- a band or something that played nearby? Were you there?"
Gil shook his head, and his attention was back on the blond. "No. Came to see you."
Barnaby bit the inside of his cheek and tugged idly on his ear. He glanced around to make sure Savannah was out of earshot, and when he spoke, it was only loud enough for Gil to hear, "Sorry, I'm- working?" Not sorry for making money, but sorry for not being more Easily Accessible? Yeah, that felt right.
"Pff,don't be. I'm the one with too much time to kill." Barnaby thought he caught a wink before the man looked over his shoulder. Two more people in line, but he didn't seem the least bit bothered by it. "Can you do a black coffee?"
"Black coffee?" Barnaby grabbed his pen to write the order on a ticket for Savannah. "Coming right—" He paused in speech and in writing in a single stroke of brilliance. "Actually—" He crumpled the note, making Gil raise a brow at him. "If you're willing to wait, I can bring it to you myself?"
Barnaby braced himself against the man's gaze as it swept him up and down. A hint of a chuckle left his curled lips, and Gil said, "Fine by me." He produced a debit card, but the second Barnaby spotted it, his hand flew to the card reader to cover it. He winced apologetically without Gil having to move a muscle.
"Go. Sit," the blond urged, "I've got it."
Despite Gil's skeptical stare, the card was returned to his wallet. Something about his smirk seemed that much more mischievous as he turned to walk away. "Weirdo."
The next person in line came forward.
Barnaby hurriedly got through the next few orders, scribbled them sloppily onto tickets and passed them off to Savannah. He'd hoped he didn't come off as rude, but then again, he couldn't say he cared about their opinions as much anymore.
Not when the man who called him 'pet' studied him from a table for two.
Soon, the counter was clear in front of him, and Barnaby looked out at couples and groups of friends. They filled nearly every seat in the house, bantering, and by all accounts, having a good time.
"We did it," Savannah said, clapping his shoulder. It didn't matter that her hand was dainty and well-manicured - Barnaby flinched anyway.
"Thanks to you." He patted her back weakly, gathering his nerves so he could ask, "Would you mind if I took my break now?"
"Go for it!" Savannah was swift to put herself in front of him, fulfilling the task of adding change to the register.
Barnaby thanked her again, since it didn't actually feel deserved, and slipped away to fill a mug with black coffee. All the while, he could swear he sensed Gil's glare lingering on his back. Maybe, specifically, his backside.
His cheeks flushed, and he resisted the urge to wear his apron reversed.
He ended up carrying two mugs to Gil's table. One belonging to the other, and his, filled with peppermint tea. "I have 15 minutes." Setting Gil's coffee in front of him, Barnaby teetered with his own mug. "Thought you might like if I joined you?"
"You thought right." Gil gestured eagerly to the chair across from him, and Barnaby, very cautious not to spill his drink, sat down. The raven went on, "So this is okay?"
Barnaby's eyes widened slightly, and he hesitated sipping his tea. "Is what okay?"
"Me showing up here." Elbows on the table, Gil leaned forward. "No boundaries crossed?"
"No." Barnaby shifted to the edge of his seat to be sure he was heard. To be sure that Gil would believe him. "No, it's-" He hunched his shoulders, speaking the rest to the table, "As long as you know I can't...do what we did the other night here."
Gil chuckled, and Barnaby caught a glimpse of his coffee being lifted. "Obviously. I'm not gonna make you roll over in front of everyone."
Barnaby's face grew warm at the memory.
"You're different up there, aren't you?" Confused by the question, he looked to Gil for clarification. The man continued, "Not as shy as you are around me. You didn't stutter once. Not that I heard."
Laughter squeezed out of Barnaby, surprised, though it probably sounded like he was wheezing. "Well, that's-" He slicked his hair back with a sweaty palm. So much for Not Stuttering. "That's rehearsed, kind of. You say the same thing so many times, it just becomes- natural."
Gil nodded, but judging by his crooked smile, he wasn't exactly convinced. That was- fine, Barnaby guessed. Maybe Gil believing he could be "different" wasn't all that bad. Unless, of course, that idea secretly offended him. Would he think it meant he was uncomfortable around him?
"It's not a bad thing," Barnaby blurted. Gil blinked, unsuspecting. The boy abandoned his mug to flick and pick at his fingernails. "That I'm- the way that I am around you. You just- have that effect on me. And I don't mind it. I like it."
He heard Gil give a faint snort, echoed by the clink of his cup against the table. "Okay," he said, sounding sympathetic, "It was supposed to be a compliment. I'm flattered, but you really don't need to explain yourself to me."
Barnaby's face grew hot with embarrassment. He forced out another, weaker laugh. "If I don't explain myself, you'll never understand a damn thing I'm trying to say."
"Bullshit." When Barnaby looked up, Gil was rolling his eyes, his lips having curled with the word. "You-" He pointed right at the blond, then traced a line that covered the room. "Make more sense to me than any other chucklefuck in this joint."
"Oh, that's-veryeloquent," Barnaby said, not knowing how else to respond.
"I'm serious." Gil swigged his coffee like it was some bar drink. When he set it down again, he stared intently into what was left, fingers tapping stiffly across the ceramic. Then, he said, "I don't get how they do it. You have a group of- what? Five people over there? Where the hell do you even get that many friends from? And listen- I'm pretty sure I can hear- three different conversations going on right now, and I don't think they give a shit. I feel like I'm whispering. Not to mention, the fact they all walked in and decided to stay even with the place filling up..." He trailed off, seeming- amazed? Baffled? Vulnerable? He crossed his arms and scanned the shop, slumping in his chair. "I can't understand it."
Barnaby didn't really understand it either. Gil got it exactly right, voicing Barnaby's own envy for other people's ability to exist, buthow?
"You," the blonde attempted to phrase it as delicately as he could, "Invite strangers into your bed. You reveal everything without knowing them, and you get as close as two people can get without making promises to each other. How does anyone make sense of that?"
Gil grinned, and Barnaby decided it wasn't the reaction he was hoping for. "What did you say about your job?" he asked, subdued and jaded, "It's rehearsed?"
Barnaby frowned. "I don't see how you could rehearse that. Isn't everyone-different?"
"To an extent." Gil shrugged. "It's the same as anything else. But instead of memorizing how to make a drink or which button to press on a register, you find patterns in what generally makes people feel good. The more you do it, the more confident you get." He paused, though Barnaby could still see the wheels in his head turning. Soon enough - "But sure. Everyone's different."
The blond nearly jumped out of his seat as he received a light, unexpected kick to his shin.
Gil's expression softened. Apologetic, but affectionate. "Have to learn a whole new set of patterns for you."
Barnaby believed he was different than Gil's other partners - he had the collar to prove it - but it was nice to be reminded. Tapping the man's leg with his foot, he muttered, "And somehow I'm the one that makes sense."
Gil gave an affirming nod and corrected his posture. "So." The lift prepared Barnaby for a change in subject. "On the topic of rehearsed lines-" Grey eyes squinted at him. "I don't think I ever asked what your major was."
Barnaby grinned, and maybe he was blushing again because How Cliche. He wore a collar with the man's dorm number attached under his shirt, andnowhe wanted to know his major. "Uhm- I'm in the Agriculture Program, actually."
Not many people knew what it was and judging by his raised brows, neither did Gil. "Agriculture, huh?"
With the amount of times he'd explained the program, the speech was already formulated in his head. Barnaby educated him on the campus greenhouses, how most of their labs involving planting and soil-testing happened there. Then there were the community gardens, where they practiced in teams. There were trips to parks and farms, and the inevitable, what Barnaby most looked forward to, internships. At least that was the college's term for it. Some people, evidently, thought they were too good to be calledfarmhands. But not Barnaby. He'd be proud when the time came to it.
He didn't stutter, and he didn't hesitate - and that usually meant he was rambling, leading people in his past to zone out, or glance at their phones or anything else halfway through. Gil held his gaze the entire time, his chin rested on his hand, his smile unwavering. Barnaby didn't realize he'd been expecting that to change until he was done talking.
He settled back in his seat, but Gil remained attentive. "You're going to be a farmer?"
"That's the goal."
"And what are you gonna farm?"
The phrasing made Barnaby giggle, but Gil still seemed genuinely curious. "Uh- anything? Whatever I can give?" The boy shrugged. "I've thought- Mostly crops. Maybe an orchard or vineyard? I would like to have a barn 'cause, y'know,animals, yay.But also, I wouldn't be able to hurt them, so it'd have to be a no-meat farm."
Another affirmative nod from Gil. His eyes were practically twinkling, and he had this overall look about him that- made Barnaby want to pinch his cheeks, dang it. "I like the way you think."
Barnaby thought,I like the way you exist.
He was about to ask what Gil was majoring in when something grazed his shoulder. Looking up, he saw Savannah, utterly oblivious to the bubble she had burst.
"I'm gonna start cleaning," she told him, collecting both of their mugs, "If you could go around and take care of refills as soon as you come back, I would really appreciate it."
"Oh..." Any enthusiasm was promptly sucked out of him. He had to force a smile after, praying she wouldn't notice. "Uh, yeah, I can do that. Thank you, Savannah."
"Thanks, Barn." Unfazed, she trotted away with a sophisticated sway.
That left Barnaby to bury his head in his arms on the table, heaving a sigh.
"What's the matter?" Gil asked.
"It's stupid." Barnaby huffed. "Ireallydon't like refilling drinks. It should be easy, I know, but it's like-ugh-stage fright on top of making sure I don't spill coffee everywhere on top of having to interrupt people, and IknowI'm overthinking it but..." But he was whining. He'd impressed Gil, maybe, but there he went ruining it. "Sorry. Can you- forget I said anything?"
There was another kick to his shin, but he barely flinched that time.
"Do you want help?"
Barnaby's brows furrowed, and he lifted his head to find Gil's expression turned serious. "No, you- it's fine. If Savannah sees you trying to serve anyone, she'll yell at me and kick you out-"
The man shook his head. "Not what I meant."
"Then...what?"
His stare lingered a second longer before he was reaching down to his feet, rummaging through the bag he'd brought in. "Byhelp," Gil said, "I mean something tohelp yourelax."
Oh no, he's one of Those Guys.
Barnaby's DARE Officer had warned him the day would come.
He's going to offer me drugs.
He'd never do it, of course - hecouldn't- but for some reason, when Gil slid his fists across the table, Barnaby put his hands over, accepting the offer.
Except, when he brought the items into his lap for inspection, he didn't find a pipe, or a vape pen, or a needle.
Gil had given him a vibrating butt plug. Plus a miniature bottle of lube.
Barnaby's eyes widened, and he stopped himself from throwing them back at the man."No!"he hissed,"Are you kidding? That'll make it worse!"
"Think about it." Gil's voice was perfectly calm, and Barnaby swore he was biting back his smirk. "You're-looserin the heat of things. I can tell that once you give yourself up, you don't worry as much. It's not intense either. It's just an incentive."
Barnaby's cheeks were burning.
Bastard.
Audibly, dramatically sighing, he shoved the items into his apron-pocket. His leg started shaking, and he covered half of his face with his hands. Glaring at Gil, Barnaby mumbled, "What if I can't hold it?In front of someone? Gil, I'ddie."
"Like I said," the man stated, "It's not that intense. And if you think you can't hold it, take it out. That's all."
"That's all,"Barnaby scoffed.
Gil reached out to run his fingers through his hair; Barnaby stubbornly refused to lean into his touch. "And once I do have you alone," the raven purred, "I'll make sure it was all worth the trouble."
The audacity of that man.
Assuming he'd have the chance to get Barnaby alone that night.
Using that tone and those touches on him in public.
The gall.
Leaving the bathroom, Barnaby contemplated spilling coffee in his lap when he passed by with the decanters. He decided against it. But only because he'd have to clean it up. And he wasn't about to bend over tables or get on his knees to clean anything while a plug vibrated dully in his ass.
Shooting Gil a final glare, Barnaby found the man looking all too pleased with himself. He turned away in a huff, doing his best to focus his worries on not spilling coffee on anyone else instead.
Fortunately, half of the patrons had left by that point. Others were putting their coats on. It made him a little more eager to get it done and over with.
He used the same line at every table he approached: "Hi, sorry, would you like a refill?" The first few rejected him, but that just made him hopeful. The less people he had to serve, the less his chances were of messing up. When someone eventually did say "Yes, thank you", he was almost calm about it, able to keep a steady enough grip on the decanter. He filled others without issue too.
Yes. He was calm because it no longer seemed as daunting, because he had a tendency to expect the worst case scenario. Absolutely, definitely, and not at all because he was, from head to toe, relaxed by a pleasant, incessant vibration between his legs.
Before long, Barnaby was returning the decanters to the coffee machine, Savannah was scrubbing away in the sink, and they were on their way to preparation for closing. Patrons continued to trickle out, and minutes later, Gil was the last one seated, occupied by his phone.
Barnaby was bagging unsold pastries to take home when Savannah brushed against him. "Is that your boyfriend?" she asked sweetly. Barnaby fumbled with a brownie.
"No." Since thattotally didn't sound defensive, he added, "He's just my friend. Why? Doyouwant him?"
His co-worker laughed and stole a cookie from him. "Oh, no. My days with e-boys are over."
"He-He's not an e-boy."
"Barney, c'mon. No guy our age would have hair like that and wear that much black if he wasn't an e-boy."
Barnaby rolled his eyes at her, and she bumped their shoulders together before walking away to gather garbage bags. He closed the pastry display, intending to follow after her -
He froze instead, his breath getting caught in his throat. Staying very still, Barnaby clenched his cheeks as his plug delivered a much more powerful vibration.
He took a careful side-step, hoping it would shift it to a different angle, if that was the problem.
No luck.
He tried walking in place, wondering if that could somehow counteract the sensation.
It only made it worse.
"I'll be right back," he told Savannah, "I have to go to the bathroom."
He barely made it around the counter when Gil called out to him. Looking his way, Barnaby found the man beckoning him over. "Can it, uhm- I'll be right back, I need to-"
Gil shook his head, pointed directly at his table.
Barnaby groaned and dragged his feet over.
"Where were you going?" Gil asked like he already knew the answer.
Thighs rubbing impatiently together, Barnaby whimpered, "I can't keep it in. O-Or I need to fix it.."
"Fix what?"
"The- position-?" Another spike in intensity. He bit his lip and gripped at the edge of the table for support. "It's getting really strong! I'm scared it'll be too much."
As soon as he said that, a miracle happened. The plug resumed a dull pulse, and Barnaby sighed in relief. "Oh my god..."
An impish grin plastered Gil's face. "Better?"
Barnaby didn't trust that, somehow. He knitted his brows at him, regarding him skeptically.
The raven put his phone down in front of him, revealing what he'd been so preoccupied with: the screen was pink, and at the bottom, there was a sparkling ball of light. At first, Barnaby didn't understand what he was looking at -
Until Gil put his finger above the ball, dragging it upward.
The plug shook mercilessly inside of him, and Barnaby slapped a hand over his mouth to muffle a moan.Fuck. It was just like the remote paired with the first vibrator. Gil was in control.
"Change it,"Barnaby begged, grabbing onto the man's arm, his legs shaking. "K-Keep it low, but-Gil..."
Gil chuckled and obliged, bringing it to its original setting.
Barnaby didn't move though, instead struggling to compose himself. It was simply a means of delaying the inevitable. The damage had been done.
Barnaby was certifiably, irrevocably horny.
Gil scanned every inch of him in his view before locking on pleading eyes. The boy wondered if he might whisper something lewd to him, or stand up for a kiss. He might've even been trying to hypnotize him so he'd lower his guard.
If that was the case, he nearly succeeded. Barnaby just about missed the hand attempting to lift up his apron. "What're you doing?"
"I'd like to know what I'm dealing with," Gil said.
You have seen me naked!
But rather than protest out loud, Barnaby bit his lip, glancing over his shoulder to watch out for Savannah while Gil's hand glided up his thigh. His knees buckled as the man gave his bulge a gentle squeeze.
"You're hard."
"No shit."
Gil gripped him tighter, and Barnaby gasped, hips twitching. "Watch your mouth."
The boy quickly nodded, and Gil released him. He stepped back as the raven grabbed his bag and stood up from his chair. "I'm going to wait in the bathroom," he muttered right next to Barnaby's bright red ear. "Find me once she leaves."
The boy waited until his footsteps had faded, listening for the sound of the bathroom door, before turning around. There, he spotted Savannah, grinning at him from behind the counter.
"But he's not your boyfriend, right?"
Barnaby's mouth made the verbal equivalent of keyboard-smashing, and his co-worker laughed right at him. Fortunately, she didn't force him to dwell on it. After counting the money from the register, Savannah threw the garbage bags over her shoulder like Santa Claus with his sack and wished him goodnight. Again, Barnaby thanked her for helping him last minute and followed her to the door. He told her he wanted to scrub the floor, at which she didn't seem totally convinced but continued out anyway. One last wave, and he locked the door behind her.
Then, he quivered, sensing his plug shake slightly faster. Or maybe he was just noticing now that he was alone. He didn't particularly want to be alone with that sort of problem either.
So Barnaby took a couple of deep breaths and made his way to the bathroom.
He knocked before peeking inside. Leaning on the wall directly across from him was Gil, unsurprisingly on his phone. The moment his hooded, grey eyes lifted to Barnaby's, the moment the plug increased intensity.
The boy held onto the door for support, a whimper slipping past his lips. "You're so mean."
"You don't mean that." Discarding his phone to his pocket, Gil closed the distance between them and guided the boy into the room, holding him steady in his arms.
"Mhm. I do," Barnaby whined, latching onto his shirt and burying his face in his chest. "Y-You're an awful tease. That could've been so bad..."
"But it wasn't, was it?" Gil hummed, combing his fingers through Barnaby's hair. "You got through it so well, without making a perfect mess of yourself. And now, you know what?" He nipped at his ear and breathed hot against it. "You can make as much of a mess as you want."
He couldn't take the teasing anymore. Eyes shut, Barnaby threw his arms around Gil's neck and pulled him in for a passionate kiss. The man was shamelessly receptive, shoving his tongue into Barnaby's mouth, groping every part of him that he could get his hands on - making him feel wonderful.
When two firm hands smacked his ass, Barnaby moaned into the kiss, feeling the plug that much deeper.
"You have such a nice fucking body," Gil growled, continuing to squeeze and knead him.
"You're just saying that." The comment came without thought. Honest and instinctive.
But the next thing Barnaby knew, he was being spun around, his back to Gil's chest. Blinking, he saw their reflections in the mirror.
"You need proof?"
His mouth hung open as Gil tore his apron away, and he squirmed when he began unbuttoning his shirt immediately after."Gil-"
The man ignored him. His strong body kept him in place, and Barnaby, for the very least, tried to look away from the mirror -
before Gil rested his chin on his shoulder, preventing him.
"No, I-"He swallowed a lump forming in his throat. "Don't- want to-"
Gil paused, his fingers frozen on the last button. "You really think I'm lying?"
Barnaby turned his head as far away from him as he could. "Not-lying..." Though, he didn't know how else to phrase it. He didn't think Gil was saying it to deceive him - more like he had the tendency to kid himself in the heat of things.
The man waited patiently for an answer but sighed when he realized there wouldn't be one. "Why don't you want to look?" He sounded so concerned.
"Because-"Barnaby tried steadying his breath, tried to find some clarity in his mind amid all the stimulation. He hugged himself, not to feel so exposed. "Because I know I'm fat and not super sexy." His voice gave out on him anyway, nearly cracking. "I don't need to be reminded."
Gil's hands moved carefully to his hips. His lips pressed softly against Barnaby's cheek, giving chaste kisses here and there. "You ever hear that saying?" he whispered, "'Beauty is in the eye of the beholder'?"
Barnaby scoffed but let himself relax into Gil's chest. He still felt safe there.
"I know I can't make you be your type," Gil went on, "But I can guarantee you're exactly what I want."
Well, Barnaby had to crack a tiny smile at that. But only because of how cheesy it sounded. Hesitating, he faced Gil once again, and they looked deep into each other's eyes.
"Truthfully? I don't even think you're as big as you think you are. Sure, you've got some meat on your bones-" Gil squeezed the boy's belly, eliciting a squeak. "But so do all prized bucks."
"Stooop- That feels weird!" Of course, despite Barnaby's whining, there was laughter bubbling through the cracks.
Gil chuckled and nipped playfully at his neck, merely rubbing his stomach instead. "You're soft," he murmured, then wrapped his arms around the boy's waist. "Huggable." He squeezed his sides. "Sturdy-so I don't have to worry about breaking you-"
Barnaby snorted, elbowing the raven in his stomach. "Okay, okay..."
"I find youverydesirable." Gil finally took apart the last button on Barnaby's shirt and carded the fabric through his fingers. Together, they returned their attention to the mirror. "I'd like to show you what I see."
Barnaby considered it for a moment. Where it would lead. The fact he could always close his eyes if he didn't like what he saw.
He took a breath and nodded.
Seconds later, his shirt was on the floor, and Gil was running his fingers over the collar he'd kept hidden underneath. "Were you planning on seeing me tonight?"
"No, sir."
"And you wore it anyway?"
Barnaby sank further against him, stealing a kiss on the man's jaw. "In case I got lost."
Expression radiant with adoration, Gil captured his lips, kissing him slow and tender. That made Barnaby feel the prettiest.
His pants fell to the floor next, followed by his boxers, then Gil's coat shirt.
Barnaby was gently pushed forward, and he held onto the sink for balance. He still tried looking over his shoulder at Gil for as long as it was comfortable, watching as the man pulled out his plug. "Fuck..."
"There's plenty more where that came from." Like a promise, Gil unzipped his pants, and Barnaby shivered as his cock rested between his cheeks.
But there was only so much time to appreciate it. Some careful grinding against him, and Gil pulled away, rummaging for lube and a condom.
It was worth it, though. Not a minute later, and Barnaby tensed, feeling the man's tip prod his rim. A hand tangled in his hair, gentle but forceful enough to pull him toward his reflection again.
"Watch."
Barnaby squirmed out of habit, but even he knew he wasn't going anywhere. Gil eased in, and he tightened his grip on the sink, powerless to do anything but watch his eyes go wide and crossed, his mouth agape.
It was the single, most embarrassing thing he'd ever seen. And he couldn't look away.
Gil sheathed himself completely, and Barnaby's breath caught in his throat. It only came out with a moan when the man started thrusting. "Th-Thank you..."
God, he looked pathetic. Bent over in a bathroom. Wearing nothing but a collar. Red from his neck to his ears. His pupils blown. Tongue hanging out as he panted for air. Glancing to the side, he caught a glimpse of his stomach jiggling, a sight that almost made his skin crawl until it was stopped by Gil's powerful hands making a grab for his waist. And then he didn't mind. It was fine to look pathetic, he decided. At least when he had that Adonis of a man looming over him, taking him, worshiping his body.
"This," Barnaby mewled, attempting to bounce against Gil's hips. "Would be really good with the leash-"
...
'And there's a dazzling haze, a mysterious way about you, dear.
Have I known you 20 seconds or 20 years?'
The line stood out to him as he inspected a tranquil face, vulnerable yet trusting.
Barnaby had a feeling that if Gil was awake, he would change the radio station the instant he heard Miss Taylor Swift. He stifled his laughter as he imagined the man groggy and grumbling, crawling to the front seat to do so. It'd have to be something rebellious or rock n' roll, he'd bet. No less for the big, tough e-boy.
Thanks for that, Savannah.
Rolling his eyes, Barnaby took the hands he'd been holding and placed a kiss on every finger. Gil's hands were notably bigger than his own. And much more masculine, he'd admit. But Barnaby had to admire them for how gentle they were. How the majority of his pleasure and comfort could be traced to chiselled angles and prominent veins.
He lifted Gil's right palm and made it flat, as if he could find the source of his magic touch at the center.
Instead, Barnaby's heart sunk at what he found.
Out of morbid curiosity, he grabbed the raven's left hand, turning it over to examine his wrist.
Oh.
Oh no.
"Oh, Gil..."
He didn't know what to make of it. Of the many scars on his wrists. How old were they? Had he known Barnaby yet?
Was there anything Barnaby could have said or done to stop him?
He fixed the blanket around Gil so he was all swaddled up. The blanket the man had left in his car in case they decided to relive Halloween. Now instead, it was simply the aftercare travel blanket.
And Gil, Barnaby realized, needed much more care than he let on.