I SEE YOU...... {a voyeur has a very good day)......... KQuinn Aug.2010
I have seen you watching me in the neighborhood and the flower shop where I work. At first it made me uneasy, but soon I could tell your intentions were not malicious, that you were simply a man who enjoys looking at women. For fun I thought I'd then really give you something to look at!
I pretended not to notice how often you came into the shop to "browse", but when you did, I made it a point to reach high for something so that my skirt would ride up in the back, and to bend over for something so that my breasts were barely contained in my top. I could see your furtive sidelong glances; it amused me to put on a little "show" for you.
I began to look forward to your coming in to the shop and seeing you eating lunch in the nearby park where I also took my lunchbreak, even though we had never spoken.
On the first day since deciding to participate in your game, I pretended to read my book at lunch but could feel your stare. I shifted position and uncrossed my legs -- I knew that from your angle you could see up my skirt, right up to my panties. It was fun to watch you try to appear cool because I knew this must excite you.
The next day at lunchtime we repeated our seating arrangements from the day previous. As I read, again my legs relaxed to the point of being somewhat open and I knew you could see all the way up my skirt from your position. From behind my sunglasses I watched your face as you discovered that I was not wearing panties today! Your eyes widened and your mouth was open in shock; you appeared mesmerized.
This was such fun for me to blatantly tease you in public, all the while very involved in 'reading' my book. Almost imperceptively I slumped a bit on the park bench and widened my legs about five inches. I could see even at my distance you were breathing rather quickly and could not help but notice an erection in your pants.
As I passed by you walking, I turned towards you and smiled widely, saying only "hello." Again I gave you a parting glance over my shoulder but you seemed frozen; you didn't move or acknowledge me. I didn't wonder why you liked to look to the point of distraction, I just knew that I enjoyed teasing you and in doing so, discovered a bit of exhibitionist in myself.
On the third day I wore my favorite dress, a blue-green-and white print that fit snugly on top and flowed loosely from the hips; it had buttons from top to bottom. I left the top three and bottom four buttons undone. Again I took the same seat on the parkbench at lunchtime. I was momentarily disappointed to see you were absent until I saw you walk up and take a seat directly across from me, closer. I opened my book for the disguise of reading, but you didn't even bring a book, you just stared without pretense!
I let my legs fall open as before, but this time wider to about ten inches, and again I wore no panties. It amused me but also somewhat excited me to watch the progress of your cock in to a full erection in your pants. Without even being aware of it I had widened my legs yet further to about eighteen inches and you could certainly see all there was to see up my dress!
Suddenly you stood and walked over to seat yourself on my bench, looking a bit flustered. You introduced yourself and small talk was made for a few minutes until you stood to say:
"Walk with me." I understood.
"Yes", I agreed.
We walked into the park, not talking much. You said:
'"You sure like it advertise it, don't you?"
"Uh, no... yes." I was a little embarrassed, but he was right.
"It was only for you."
"Well, I'm buying what you're selling, honey!"
You openly staring at my breasts bouncing bra-less in my dress as we walked; you had quite a grin and I couldn't help smiling myself. Shortly we detoured onto a path under a canopy of trees next to the river, it was lovely and secluded. You stopped and turned to me, smiling widely as you pulled me close, your arms around me.
You kissed me deeply and sweetly and I was somewhat surprised by my immediate physical reaction of stomach butterflies and a wetness in my pussy. Your hands went to my breasts, squeezing them as you undid the remaining buttons confining them.
You pinched the nipples a little and sucked on one as your hands slid down the front of my dress. Your hand barely brushed my clit in passing as you slid over my hips to firmly grasp my ass. You pulled me to you and I pressed into you, grinding slightly. I could feel the massive hardness of your cock through your pants and I worked the zipper quickly to free it...it sprang out pointing firmly to heaven!
I began to kneel in front of you but you stopped me, gently guiding me backwards to rest against a tree. You directed me to lift my dress up and not to move, as you knelt before me with your hands still on my ass. I was positively throbbing in anticipation as you just looked at my pussy for what seemed the longest time, as a hungry man sees a dinner table. I was so aroused I was about to push your head to my pussy when you lightly flicked my clit with your hot tongue--it was a jolt of blue electricity in its intensity!
Oh god ogod... your tongue swirled my clit, then probed my already-wet pussy. I know I'm close to cumming but I want to hold it longer; it's not going to be easy! You then stand and run your fingers along my pussy and clit in an excruciating tease.
I'm quivering in the intense sensations and grind in to your hand as you insert 2 fingers in me. You slide the other hand back to let your fingers linger at my ass hole. Once again you kiss me, with a deep passion, and your hand still teasing my pussy.
Then wordlessly you turn me to face the tree, and quickly grasp both wrists and place my hands above my head on the tree trunk, pressing your arm to hold them as you probe insistently with your cock on my ass, through my dress.
As I begin to turn my head, you say sharply:
"Do not turn around--face to the tree".
I feel your leg sharply nudging mine to open wider, wider. I'm quite excited now! Your hands grab my hips and lift them out and up, and the back of my dress is lifted to my waist as I tremble in enormous anticipation. I'm expecting to feel your cock on me-- but nothing!
I wait, and wait, for what seems forever, shaking and barely able to breathe, when a finger probes into my ass. After a short time, a second finger.
This is an unfamiliar sensation but I like it!.. the taboo thoughts and sense of debauchery I feel are extremely arousing. You continue to twist and 'scissor' your fingers and I crave your cock there..fuck me, fuck me!
You whispered:
"You love that, don't you, honey? Yeah, you do-- dirty girl."
I couldn't speak, only moan.
Then -- glory- I feel the hot wet tip of your cock touch near my ass hole, exploring with insistence. Suddenly, very quickly, with one powerful thrust you are deep into my pussy instead...oh god yes! You groan loudly in pleasure and slowly slide it until only about one inch remained in me ...and held there. Your fingers were still deep in my ass.
"Come on!" --but still you held your position..
"Do you want that, do you?" you say with a slight chuckle..
{.oh, you're going to make me beg for it!}
"Please, yes, come on! I want it now, please!"
With your hand on my abdomen to steady me, you thrust in hard and fast, whispering:
"Is this what you want, tell me".
"God oh god, yes yes, please, I want it!"
You push harder with such a power that our breath comes out as grunts, both moaning with pure carnal pleasure. Your hand reaches around to pinch my clit--it startles me...then I know I can not hold back any longer, feeling the sparkling hot sharpness running in my blood, building to an explosion of a kind I've never felt.. oh god in heaven...and I feel your cock jumping wildly in my cunt as you spurt out so much hot thick cum --a hot river. This is all so intense I feel I may faint.
Afterwards you remain in me and lean forward to kiss my neck so sweetly. And with the load you just shot into me I'm surprised to find you're still somewhat hard. You finally withdraw and a large amount of cum runs down my thighs.
I begin to straighten up but you hold me at position. From the abundance of cum you scoop some with your fingers and slide two fingers in my ass hole again.
You instruct me told hold my cheeks open wide with my hands. You scoop more and slide three fingers now, twisting them as you withdraw. The hot head of your cock attempts entry, then again, and with a quite forceful thrust, you are in me as I let out a sharp sound. You state the obvious:
"You like that, you love it, don't you, dirty girl? Tell me!".
The sounds made by us both could only be described as animal-like, called forth by pure primal instinct, and I feel I'm in another level of consciousness. You reach both of your hands around to my pussy and grind my clit with your thumb while pulling the surrounding skin taut. I let out an involuntary yelp, trembling violently, cumming in wave after wave of wet ecstasy.
"That's what I wanted-- good.. ready for me, baby?" you growl in my ear.
I can't even speak.
You're really pounding on me now, slamming your cock hard and deep with such power-- then shooting another huge load that immediately spills out, running over my pussy and down my legs. The rest of it dripped from my ass with your pulsing cock still twitching in me, with me hugging the tree for support of my trembling legs..
...........
As we gathered ourselves together, I was quite startled to see a man leaning against a tree not more than ten or fifteen feet away, with his fly unzipped, his hand pumping his cock. He looked at us, smiling, making no attempt to stop or hide.
You laughed and said :
"Oh, I know him-- he likes to watch!"
...............................................................................................