His adorably crooked smile was the first thing I noticed. Second only to his short brown hair.
"My name is Daniel," he said when I told him I had an appointment with my personal trainer.
"Unfortunately, Melissa is out sick, so I will be filling in for her," he explained. "If that is ok with you?"
"Fine with me," I replied as he headed out from behind the Reception desk.
The gym was reasonably quiet. The lunchtime crowd had long gone, and there was still a couple of hours to go before people knock off at 5:00 pm. Indeed, I only noticed two other gym-goers as we headed to the padded gym floor.
Little did I know what was awaiting me!
We were only five minutes into the personal training session, and I found myself internally planning my funeral. My heart was pumping wildly and I was certain it was just ten seconds away from exploding. Sweat drenched my face as Daniel worked me harder than Melissa ever did. Why did she have to be sick!
Honestly, I was not sure if I was going to survive the next 25 minutes.
In fact, at one point, I was convinced that I had started hallucinating. Daniel was demonstrating how to perform a burpee, and he had a smile on his face! No one has ever smiled during a burpee. On second thought, he may have been smiling at the outraged look I was giving him,
"Don't look so incredulous," he admonished. I looked up at him. "I know you have it in you to complete 20 burpees."
"Let's do 15 and call it even," I countered. Daniel laughed and agreed.
I have to admit, as much as I hated every one of those 15 burpees, I loved watching Daniel as he performed them with me. With each movement he made, his muscular body was on display with all its glory. Those biceps were to die for. His chest and legs were taut and well defined on his 6-foot frame. Daniel was practically the picture-perfect definition of an athlete.
I found myself wondering how hard his abs would feel under my fingers.
"You want it, don't you?"
"What?" I asked, startled.
"I didn't say anything," Daniel replied quizzically. I must have imagined his voice, I thought to myself.
Then our eyes met, and he gave a cheeky smile.
Maybe I didn't imagine it!
I had to remind myself to breathe. I felt flustered. My body temperature rose about 15 degrees, and it wasn't from the workout.
Lunges were next, and I admitted that I did not know how to perform them correctly.
"No problem," he said as I got into position. He looked at me before stepping closer, "I'm just going to adjust your legs and back so you don't injure yourself." There were now mere inches between us as he placed his hands on my body, correcting my form.
I wanted him. I desired Daniel more than anything at that moment. He had a quiet sensuality about him that could drive a woman wild. As I focused on his instructions, I envisioned his fingers inching up my thighs. In my mind, watching his fingers brushing lightly over my clit, before pushing inside of me. I couldn't help it; I let out a low moan. Crap, I thought, I hope he didn't hear that.
I braved a look in his direction, and he caught my gaze.
"Glad to know you're enjoying my session," he said cheekily.
Oh, he definitely heard it. The end of the session could not come soon enough!
"You did good today," Daniel commented 15 minutes later as I collapsed on the floor.
I could only nod in agreement as I was too tired to talk. Frankly, I was also too distracted to talk. I needed to hit the shower. I needed relief.
I turned the metal faucet to full blast and let the steaming waterfall of the gym shower wash over me. My fingers were on my clit, and my thoughts were fixed on Daniel, visualizing what he would look like naked.
Excitement rushed through my wet body as I imagined him on top of me. Feeling the weight of his muscles against my chest. I sighed, contemplating how Daniel's hands would feel on my breast. Would he be gentle or rough as he pinched my nipples? Rough, I reckoned, before gently caressing them with his tongue.
I longed to hear him moan my name. To feel his breath on the back of my neck as his excitement built within.
As the steam from the shower engulfed me, I could feel his lips on mine. Kissing me softly, slowly, trying to contain his primal hunger for me.
The pressure soon became undeniable, and I couldn't hold it in any longer. The waves of pleasure ripped through my body as I fixated on having Daniel.
As I headed to my car, I thought to myself; perhaps it's time for a new personal trainer.