It was the weekend and both Ling's parents were away again to visit her grandparents who lived some distance away.
They will be away for the weekend and Ling thought to herself with a little smile: "Time for more fun times to begin!"
It wasn't before Ling discovered that not only she had the power to slowly modify her body bit by bit, but even her clothes were the same.
While last time her clothes were big and loose to hide her chubby body, now there was no such need and her clothes had definitely gone down a few sizes smaller.
With the gradual change over the days, her new tight body was now a sexy 36C-24-30. A body ready for lust. It was weird though, the Succubus's power made sure nobody realized the change.
She contemplated what her first adventure should be and made up her mind quickly. She changed into a white singlet and neon pink shorts. With her power, she shrunk the singlet till it was hugging her body tightly and her deep cleavage was shown through the V-neck. She decided against a bra and made her nipples big and protruding, stretching the thin material of the white singlet.
Maybe she should be demure for her first public adventure, she thought. She then put on a white thong first before putting on the pink shorts. Shorts that rode so low on her hips but cut so high against her butt cheeks. The white thong gleamed cheekily above the shorts.
She was going jogging.
She started with a brisk stroll down the street - one needs to warm up the body first. With her boobs bouncing and her tight ass swaying to the rhythm of the steps she took, it was inevitable that men on the street were craning their necks and turning their heads back to steal another look at her.
She flipped her black hair back and slid into a quick jog. She almost laughed out loud when a young man who passed by was so transfixed by her heaving bosom that he knocked head first into a lamp post.
Oh what fun is to tease men!
But all this might be harmless fun but it's time to take a survey of her prey. She needed men with vitality to increase her power.
It wasn't long before she noticed a young man with dark brown hair following her in his sports car. Bingo! she thought as she noticed the aura of vitality around him shining brightly. Target sighted. And a smile curled around her lips. This was going to be a lot of fun.
She decided to put on a show for him. She slowed down and bought a water bottle of a convenience store, while the boss stared unabashedly at her tits.
Ling went out into the street and started drinking from the bottle, taking care to look as if she had accidentally splashed almost more than half of her bottle of water onto her white top. Now, in the gleaming sun, her white thin top had become almost transparent and her large tits were on public display. Her pink nipples with large areolae could be seen almost clearly, straining against her tight singlet.
"Oh my god! What a clumsy person I am! I'm allwet..." making sure to emphasize the word wet. "This wouldn't do... I really need to get a change of clothes!"
Hearing this and sensing his chance, the young man hurriedly came down from his car and walked towards her. From afar with his sunglasses on, he was leering obviously at her sexy body. He took off his sunglasses and introduced himself as Steven.
"Miss, I happened to be passing by and I heard that you need a change of clothes as you are all... wet. My house is just nearby. And I have a change of clothes, would you like to come over?"
"Oh! That's so kind of you, Steven. I would love to!"
She slid into the sports car, her tits bouncing around and Steven could hardly tear his eyes off them to drive. But drove he did and shortly, they arrived in a large mansion with a swimming pool. Ling was pleased with her choice.
He led her into a dressing room and showed her a wardrobe.
"This wardrobe is full of women's clothes. You can choose anything you like. Go ahead. I'll be down at the swimming pool while you get into dry clothes."
Ling flung open the wardrobe and was surprised to see that most of the clothes were pretty skimpy. Maybe he makes it a habit of bringing girls home to change, she grinned. Well, why not make his dreams come true then?
After looking through the clothes, she took off her thin wet singlet and changed into a white halter bikini top, making sure to tie a loose knot.
The bikini top was so thin that it barely covered her areolae, and so thin that both her nipples could be seen protruding out obviously. She then slid off her damp pink shorts and left the white thong on, which was just a tiny triangle of cloth barely covering her pussy.
She then walked towards the swimming pool with a swagger of confidence. Steven had changed into a speedo and was lying on one of the deck chairs. From the looks that he was throwing her and the enormous bulge in his tiny trunks, she was sure that he approved of her wardrobe change.
"What do you think?" she said, showing off her toned slim body.
"Amazing." He praised with a smile. "You are the most beautiful girl I've ever seen."
Ling smiled, turned away showing her fantastic ass and slowly dipped her body into the cool water. The cold water made her nipples protrude even more. She made a few rounds across the swimming pool, thinking to herself: "might as well enjoy it while it lasts".
When she resurfaced from the water, she was mildly surprised to see that her halter bikini top has loosened itself and her large firm tits were on full display for Steven to see.
At that point, he was unable to resist his lust anymore and dove into the cool water beside her. And he resurfaced with her bikini top, making as though he wanted to help her tie back the top, while making sure to "accidentally" brush his fingers over the firm hard nipples and giving her left tit a tiny squeeze.
She slid closer to him and pressed her thong against the bulge in his speedo, causing him to involuntarily give a tiny moan.
With a sexy yet playful smile, she said: "Why don't you leave the top off? My tits are a little dirty; would you like to help me give them a wash?"
Without another word, he went at it with vigor. He started by using both his hands to caress both of her amazing tits, so firm and so shapely. After squeezing them roughly, he circled the areolae before starting to pinch her rock hard nipples, making them even pointed than usual.
Ling gave a little moan of pleasure and purred: "Yeah... that's it. Go on, I'msooodirty. Make me clean..." He then honed down on the nipples with his mouth and tongue, licking and biting them.
Steven slid his hands down from the small of her back down to her firm ass, enjoying the curves of her body. He gave her tight ass a few squeezes before moving his fingers slowly to the front.
He tore off her white thong abruptly while whispering in her ear: "You're a dirty and wet slut, aren't you? Gotta make sure everything's all clean kay..." He slid his fingers over her clit, pleased to find it wet and sticky. Giving it a few practiced flicks, he had her squirming in pleasure.
It wasn't before long she was moaning and begging: "Oh Steve, fuck me, will you! I need it... I can't stand it anymore! FUCK ME!!"
Steven needed no more urging. Releasing his huge hard dick from the speedo, he grabbed her and plunged his dick into her tight wet pussy. Ling let out a gasp of pleasure from the abrupt force of his plunge.
With slow strokes, he gradually increased his speed and started pummeling her pussy hard, screaming: "That's how you like it, isn't it, you whore?" while giving her tight ass a few sharp spanks.
With all the teasing all morning, Steven couldn't hold much longer and shoot his load into her as soon as she finished gasping: "Fuck! I'm CUMMING!" Both went into the throes of pleasure and had amazing orgasms before going limp with exhaustion.
They managed to scramble to the pool side and laid there in the sun, tired from all the sexual activity. Ling noticed that the aura of vitality surrounding Steven had dimmed considerably. And she felt stronger than ever.
The sex has strengthened her power! She gazed into Steven's eyes and noticed that the intelligent light before was replaced with something else.
It was pure... horniness.
Apparently whoever she has had sex with will become a sex-crazed maniac, spreading the Succubus's message of wanton lust and desire. She didn't really care.
All she wanted was to have sex and become a sex object of desire. And looking at the way Steven was looking at her, she knew she was going to have many more fun adventures to come!