Tracy and I hadn't been out in a while, as our demanding work schedules tended to take their toll on our social life. Consequently we were both looking forward to our planned Friday-night outing. We just wanted to go somewhere different, with no plans and no structured activities, just having fun.
Tracy, my wife, is a hot and sensuous woman with long dark hair, large tits and a very sexy body, and on this night she looked great. After hitting a couple of "happy hour" spots, we had dinner and then decided to go to a new sports bar that we had heard was a pretty cool place. However, we were disappointed to find that there were only a handful of people there. Undaunted, we sat at the bar and ordered a drink. Tracy finished hers rather quickly, and we decided to order one more and then head home.
As I was about to pay the tab, a man sitting at the bar struck up a conversation with us. He was a large, rather good-looking black man, about six feet two and about two hundred pounds. He was watching a college basketball game, and he told us his nephew was the star of one of the teams that were playing. He offered to buy us a drink and we moved down next to him. He said his name was Frank, and that he'd been recently divorced. I got the impression that he was kind of lonely and looking for companionship.
He bought my wife two shooters and me a beer, and as we were about to leave he told us about a small, quiet bar he knew near the lake, and suggested stopping there for a nightcap on the way home.
I wasn't really up for it, but Tracy wanted to do it, saying, "Oh, let's go, honey, this is our night to have fun, remember?" So off we went.
We found the bar, ordered some drinks and went out on the deck to enjoy the warmth of the evening and listen to the waves. When we finished our drinks I said it was my turn to buy, and I headed for the bar. The bartender had gone to the storage room to get some supplies or something, and it took me ten minutes before I returned to the deck with the drinks.
As I approached my wife and our new friend, they seemed to get awfully quiet, but I assumed they were listening to the lake beating against the shore. As I gave them their drinks I had a funny feeling that something was wrong. Then I noticed that Tracy's lipstick was a little smeared, and looking closely at Frank I could see a trace of lipstick on his mouth, I couldn't believe it! My beautiful wife must have been kissing this black man, who we had only just met, while I was gone!
Tracy had never showed any interest in black men or fulfilling any fantasies with black men without me present, certainly not with a stranger. I started to think that I was mistaken, but it didn't look that way. I was confused and upset, but also, for some weird reason, aroused. Then Tracy took off her jacket. Her large, full tits, encased in a tight, silvery satin blouse, were quite visible in the moonlight. She was braless, and her nipples were sticking straight out toward our black friend. He was obviously impressed with her tits; he stared right at them and smiled.
I looked at my wife, and she was giving him a sexy smile, as if to say, "How would you like to get your hands on these big titties?"
I didn't know what to do. I finished my drink quickly, saying something about how late it was getting, but Tracy didn't seem to hear. She nursed her drink and seemed to listen avidly to everything Frank said. They were having an animated conversation, leaving me out almost completely.
After a while I had to take a leak. I certainly wanting to leave my wife alone with this good-looking, rugged black man again, and seeing if anything would happen. I hurried off and relieved myself. Before returning to the deck I peeked quietly around the doorway, and my suspicions were confirmed. My wife was in the arms of this muscular black man, and they were locked in a torrid, passionate French kiss!
My cock hardened immediately as I watched them kissing long and deep. Frank had his hands on my wife's ass and was getting a good feel. She had both arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him as close to her as possible as their tongues played with each other. Frank was grinding his torso against her, his cock obviously rubbing against her midsection as they continued to kiss like long-lost lovers.
As I watched, he slipped a hand under her blouse and got a good feel of her tits, while his other hand continued to massage her ass. Tracy offered no resistance at all, but appeared to thoroughly enjoy his every move.
Finally they pulled apart, obviously not wanting to be discovered on my return. As I came out and approached them, Tracy was applying a coat of lipstick to her well-kissed lips, just as though nothing had happened.
Frank took out some cigarettes and offered one to my wife, which she accepted, although she seldom smokes and knows I don't approve of it. As he lit her cigarette, she put her hands around his to steady them, and they looked at each other with obvious lust in their eyes. For some reason I looked down at the front of Frank's jeans, and saw a huge bulge made by his aroused cock. I now knew why my wife was in no hurry to get out of here and that she was looking for a little extra fun tonight.
"Honey, let's give Frank a ride to his car and head home," Tracy said.
The three of us had taken our car from the first bar to this one, and now we drove back to where Frank had parked his car.
Tracy and I were in the front, Frank in the back. When we reached his car Frank was in the middle of a story, so Tracy told me to turn off the engine while he finished. I pretended that I was anxious to get home, and I hardly listened to the story, which seemed to go on and on.
Once he finished, Tracy told Frank what a great story it was and how much she loved it.
"You are such a fun person," she told him. "I hope I see you again soon."
Then she said, "Honey, I hope you don't mind, but I'm going to give Frank a kiss good night."
She didn't wait for my answer, but turned around and leaned into the back seat to kiss her new black friend. It wasn't an ordinary kiss, any more than the one on the deck had been. I could see her tongue disappear into his mouth, and the kiss seemed to last forever. Then I became aware that Tracy's right hand was between his legs, searching for his big cock. Her left hand was around his neck as they continued to French kiss hotly right in front of me. I was stunned, but again I was also inexplicably aroused. She was certainly looking for some extra fun tonight and I was just as much game as she was.
Now Frank's hand went under my wife's blouse and started feeling her mammoth tits, and I heard Tracy moaning with lust. She turned completely around now, kneeling up on the seat, and kissed him again. His other hand reached for her ass, and began kneading it through her tight jeans. It soon moved to her crotch, as her right hand rubbed over his swollen cock. What was supposed to be a goodnight kiss had escalated into a steamy scene. This was crazy, but neither of them seemed to mind at all about me being there, or about anything else.
"Oh god," Tracy said breathlessly when they broke apart. "I've got to have more of this!"
And with that she hopped over the back of the seat and joined her smiling black stud, who grabbed her and kissed her again. I looked around to make sure there was nobody watching from outside, and when I turned back my wife had removed her blouse, proudly offering Frank full access to her tits.
His hands were all over them, tweaking her hard nipples. I heard a zipper open, and Tracy saying, "Lord, it's even bigger than I thought!"
I took a look for myself, and saw Frank's big black cock, which had to be at least ten or maybe even twelve inches long, and very thick. And then, without hesitation, my hot wife lowered her head and engulfed that huge dick in her mouth, sucking it like a seasoned whore.
Tracy gives good head, and has only gotten better and better lately, and Frank obviously loved what she was doing with her talented mouth and swirling tongue. I still felt dazed, but watching my wife avidly sucking this virtual stranger was undeniably erotic, and I had to admit that I was turned on by her slutty behavior.
I looked around again, and this time I saw two men in the shadows of the parking lot, watching my wife sucking cock in the back seat. They had their dicks out and were jerking themselves off as they stood there. I couldn't hold out any more. I pulled out my own cock and played with it as I gazed at my wife's head bobbing up and down, up and down on that big black pole.
Finally Tracy lifted her mouth from Frank's cock.
"I want to come!" she gasped out. "Put a finger in my pussy and one in my ass, and shoot your come down my throat, you stud. God, I love your black cock, and I want your come in my mouth so I can taste it!"
Frank did just as she said, and in a minute my wife was screaming more loudly than I'd ever heard her as she exploded in an intense orgasm. As soon as she calmed down she took his cock back in her mouth and sucked it wildly until he erupted. She tried to swallow it all, but he had too much seed for her, and his huge cock kept pumping come into her mouth until it spilled out the sides. The whole scene was too much for me, and I shot my load all over the dashboard of our nearly new car.
When I looked again, the two voyeurs had evidently come as well, and were stuffing their spent cocks back in their pants. I began thinking that the heat that my wife was in, she would have blown the two of them also. I don't think I ever told her that she had an audience.
Tracy began applying her lipstick again, while she and her lover whispered things I couldn't hear to each other. Finally Frank kissed her one more time and got out of the car. Tracy got back in the front seat and waved goodbye to him as I drove off.
"My gosh, what a night!" she said, and she leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. I could smell a mixture of booze, cigarette smoke, lipstick and come. Frank's come on her breath.
"Frank wants me to go to a party with him Friday night," she said then. "And I want to go as his date. Do you have any objections?"
I started to say no, but I had to be honest with her, and with myself. "Not if you tell me all about it afterwards," I said. "And if you fuck my brains out as soon as you get home."
"You've got a deal," she said
And when we finally got home, Tracy fucked the shit out of me until dawn.