It was my first day in New York City, where I was about to start my first job after law school. The bedroom had a large window with a bare curtain rod. Since I was in a second-floor apartment, I could easily see the traffic jam and thick crowd of pedestrians rushing from their offices to the subway station. While most people were far too distracted to see me, those who looked up got a clear view of my bedroom. I noted to myself to go curtain shopping tomorrow.
My new law firm had paid for my moving expenses, including airfare and a moving service. The movers were expected to arrive within the next couple of hours. The airline had accidentally put my suitcase on the wrong plane, so all I had with me were my purse and laptop bag. I sat down in the middle of the empty room, took out my laptop, and checked my email.
I was interrupted by a phone call. "Hello, Miss Wilson," said the voice over the phone. "It's Scott from Rhino Movers. I just want you to know that we hit traffic. It seems like a really bad accident. We might not make it until late evening."
"All right. Thanks for letting me know. I'll see you tonight," I replied, then hung up the phone. I had more time on my hands than I expected, with nothing but a laptop to entertain me. I decided to take advantage of the empty space by practicing yoga with an online video.
I quickly realized that my outfit was not ideal for yoga. My top, a spaghetti strap tank top, was appropriate, but I was wearing a long skirt. While the skirt was loose enough to do most of the poses, I had trouble with the tree pose about ten minutes in.
I was the type of person who never leaves anything unfinished. I started to get anxious as I considered quitting my yoga routine early. I knew that people on the street would be able to see me if I took my skirt off, and to make matters worse, I was wearing thin white thong panties.
Then the most curious thought came into my head: so what if they could see? I had always enjoyed putting on shows for my lovers, and the exhibitionist in me wanted to be set free. And since I was wearing panties, I couldn't get charged with indecent exposure. I took my skirt off and placed it in the corner and continued following the yoga video.
The thought of strangers seeing my long, toned legs and round, firm butt made me nervous. I felt the blood rush to my pussy lips as I did the "downward dog" position with my ass pointing to the window. I was ashamed to realize that the shape of my fat lips must have been visible through my panties. My pussy moistened; my juices clung to thin cotton.
As I continued practicing yoga, my shame slowly decreased, while my arousal skyrocketed. By the time I finished the video, pussy juice had escaped my panties and begun running down my legs. I couldn't resist; my hand slipped inside the front of my panties as I lay on the carpet, relaxed. My fingers stroked through my trimmed pubic hair and I rolled my clit between my index and middle fingertips.
My pussy begged me to fill her. She was slimy-wet, and easily accommodated two fingers. I curved my fingers to hit my g-spot and rubbed my clit with my palm. My fingers easily slid in and out of my pussy as I vigorously fucked myself. I let out a soft moan as I pleasured myself. My other hand rubbed my clothed breast.
I wanted more. I wanted to show myself off. I stood up and walked to the window. I looked outside and noticed a middle aged man waiting at the bus stop looking in my direction. He could see my body from the thighs up. I grabbed my breasts with both hands and pushed them up so that my cleavage spilled out of my low-cut tank top. I definitely had the man's attention. I concentrated on giving him a great view of me fondling my tits.
Then I pulled my tank top off. Now I was just in my bra and panties, looking straight at a complete stranger while dozens of others could watch if they only turned their heads. I squeezed my firm medium-sized breasts, then turned around to put my back to the window. I unclasped my bra and removed it.
I decided to tease my audience. I covered my nipples with my fingers and turned back to the window. I had the attention of several people on the street now. I entertained them with a sultry dance, but never let them peek at my nipples.
I wanted to be completely naked. I turned my back to the window again, bent over at the waist, and put my fingers in the sides of my panties. I slowly peeled them down my round ass, stopping just shy of showing off my pussy lips.
I did not indulge them further. I had all the control. I pulled my thong back up and walked out of my bedroom. As soon as I reached the hallway, I yanked my panties off and started rubbing my clit. I thought about how cruelly I had cut the show short, leaving the best part to the imagination. I stood against the wall and rubbed myself into a powerful orgasm. My pussy juice gushed out of my tight cunt. My fingers delved into the slimy cavern and I fucked myself into a second orgasm. I imagined the man at the bus stop stuffing my pussy with a massive cock, and I imagined him shooting his load into my womb as I came for a third time. My legs lost strength and I collapsed to the floor from cumming so hard.
I stayed on the floor of my hallway for several minutes as I basked in post-orgasmic bliss.
I wondered if I really needed curtains at all.