~~~Author Note ~~~~
All the actors in this story are adults (18+, as they say here).
Disclaimer: This is a work of pure fiction. There are elements of "fantasy", "futuristic suits", machines, and other electrical devices that don't exist in stores -- yet!
~~~end Author note~~~~
---------------------------------------------------
Chapter 1: A Special Birthday Present
----------------------------------------------------
"So, Mandy, happy birthday," Sven said as he handed her a gift box wrapped.
"What a surprise!"
They had just arrived at the hotel of the ski lodge in the Italian Alps and were unpacking their clothing. The entire trip had been a birthday present for Mandy but he also wanted to give her something that in reality might be a gift for both of them.
It was her 21st birthday. Sven remembered ten years earlier how his 21st birthday came and went without much fanfare. He would have liked something far more memorable to mark the event. So, he wanted this to be a special weekend for Mandy. And, perhaps, something that they would both never forget. Since he met her at the university as her professor in a freshman class, he had fallen madly in love with her. Now he imagined spending the rest of his life with this girl.
Sven wanted to wait until they were in the room to give her the gift. The box was large and he had it hidden underneath his clothing in his suitcase.
"I hope you like it."
"You didn't have to do anything more! Already, this ski vacation was the best birthday present I could ever ask for."
She began to open the box. The gift wrapping was exquisite and had the appearance of being from an expensive and exclusive clothing store.
As she lifted the top, she saw that it was a type of light mauve Nycron/Latex material. It was a sleek ski outfit but from one of the most expensive stores in St. Moritz. Madison pulled the birthday outfit from the box and extended it in front of her so she could see it.
The suit was one piece. The material was thin and lightweight, but it was specially designed for skiing. At once, it was obvious that it would be very tight fitting. The ticket on the suit indicated that it was for skiing. It seemed to be intentionally made to show her sexy body.
"Oh, I love it," Mandy said, turning it around and examining the fabric.
"It is a 'birthday suit'. But there is one thing," Sven responded, as he stood behind her and put his hands around her. "You can't wear anything underneath."
"Are you serious?"
"They told me at the store that it is designed to work best without anything underneath."
She turned around and looked at him incredulously, "Yeah, right!"
"I'm serious!"
"You are just saying that!"
"Look at the label. It even says it there."
Mandy had never heard of such a thing, but to humor him, she read the label that was attached to the zipper. The label read, "FOR BEST RESULTS, DO NOT WEAR ANY UNDERGARMENTS OF ANY TYPE. THE SUIT WORKS BEST IF IN DIRECT CONTACT WITH ALL PARTS OF THE SKIN. ANY OTHER GARMENT WILL DEGRADE THE PERFORMANCE."
With a perplexed expression, she looked at him and then looked back at the label.
"I know, it is incredible, isn't it?"
"Mmm," she said now in a whisper. "But how ..."
"You have to read the instructions," Sven said.
She continued to read.
"INSTRUCTIONS: AFTER THE SUIT IS ON, APPLY HEAT WITH A HAIRDRYER. MAKE SURE TO APPLY EQUALLY TO EVERY PART OF THE SUIT. WEAR IN COLD WEATHER. TO TAKE THE SUIT OFF, APPLY HEAT ONCE AGAIN OR RETURN YOUR BODY TO A NORMAL STATE."
She looked at Sven. "This is all very strange, Sven. And what do they mean by a 'normal state'?"
"At least try it on here. If you don't like it, then you don't have to wear it."
"Alright."
She decided to leave the labels on the suit just in case they needed to return it. Then, she searched for the zippers so that she could put the tiny suit on. Quickly, she found that the suit was not conventional. It was specially designed and so tight-fitting that there were practically no seams except for a few small ones where she would need to flex the material to put it on.
She started to unbutton her shirt. Sven continued to watch her with some amount of amusement. First, she removed her shirt and then her pants. She was then in her bra and panties.
"Are you going to watch me get nude?"
"Yeah, I was thinking about it."
She felt self-conscious, grinned, and swirled her finger in a circle at him.
"Turn around, Mister. You will get to see me later."
"But, I have seen you hundreds of times naked," he protested, enjoying this banter.
"Mmm, but I know what will happen. You will start to be frisky and we will never get a chance to ski!!"
"OK, ok!"
He did as she asked, turned around, and waited for her to put on the ski suit.
She quickly unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. Then, she wiggled out of her string panties. She took the suit and slipped her feet into the legs. They were so tight, that there were only a few small zippers that closed the suit which was hidden at strategic locations within tiny creases that were practically invisible.
The suit looked like a type of latex and even had the slight feel of rubber, but at the same time, it was actually a loose material. It fit snugly, but at some parts of her body, there was still some amount of play in the material.
Apart from all this, the suit had two other curiosities. There was a small rubber nub on the crotch that was positioned right on her pussy. It seems to nudge right at her entrance, but not long enough to enter. But she could feel it. At that moment, she thought that the suit was perfect except for this piece of rubber or whatever it was. She thought that would probably end up being a serious defect of the suit.
"Humph, what a shame. Maybe this is going to rub against me and produce chafing," she thought.
But, since she was naked in the suit, the rubber nub was snug and lodged between her pussy lips. At the moment, it felt very smooth and wasn't unpleasant.
The other curiosity was that at the exact location of her nipples, there were what seemed to be rubbery suction cups. They had the shape of an inverted nipple; if positioned correctly, her long pointy nipples would fit snugly within them. She was conscious of this and adjusted the suit around her breasts. As she expected, her nipples entered the suction cups like a key entering a lock; and were now gripped perfectly between the rubber suction cups.
----
Sven turned around.
"It looks great on you," he said enthusiastically.
"Thank you, Sven. I really like it and it feels so comfortable."
"But you haven't finished with the instructions. Apparently, you have to apply heat to the suit with a hairdryer. The woman in the store told me that otherwise it wouldn't work properly and provide warmth in the cold."
This was all very strange, Mandy thought. She had never heard of a ski suit that needed to be heated with a hairdryer.
"This is weird!"
"I know, but I think it is best to follow the instructions."
Even though it seemed a waste of time, she went to the bathroom where she had left the hairdryer after unpacking. She brought it into the hotel bedroom and plugged it in.
"I'll help you," Sven said, taking the hairdryer and making her turn around. "I'll start at the bottom and work up."
Mandy turned around, mostly to humor him. She felt that she should feel grateful for the gift and didn't want to ruin the moment. She wanted this to be a romantic weekend and not argue about a stupid ski suit. Anyway, what harm could be done? Besides, she did like the suit.
Sven turned the hairdryer on and started to apply the heat to the suit, starting from the back of her legs, moving it all along her calves, circling her leg, and doing this systematically so as to not miss a single spot on her body.
"Mmm., what a nice ass!" he teased her when he reached her bum and continued to apply the heat with the hairdryer.
She turned around, "Stop that!" she said giggling and giving him a love tap.
When he finished her back, he turned her around and applied heat to her crotch. As he did this, he put his hand between her legs and cupped her pussy.
"Hey, be careful there!" she giggled.
They both laughed, but he continued to be quite efficient and systematic in applying an equal amount of heat to every part of the suit and all parts of her body.
He finally finished applying the heat to her arms.
"For good measure, I'll just make one quick run over your whole body," he said.
She became impatient.
"Sven, I think it is enough," she said, shifting her legs. "C'mon, it's fine now, I'm sure,"
"Just one moment, and we will be done."
For her, this seemed now to be too much. She was losing her patience. Clearly, this was a gimmick that the maker of the ski suit used to market and sell the suit at a higher price. What could applying heat to the suit possibly do? It was all so silly, she thought.
However, she didn't want to protest and would just be patient until he finished.
-------------------------------
After Sven finished, he turned the hairdryer off and looked at her body as if he had just finished a sculpture.
"There, it's done."
"And?"
"Well, now the suit is supposed to provide better warmth by fitting to your body better," he said. "At least, that is what the woman in the store told me."
"I don't notice anything."
"Well," he said somewhat perplexed as if he were anticipating that something would happen. "Maybe it takes some time."
"It doesn't matter, Sven. The suit is perfect. I love it," she said as she reached forward and kissed him. "It is a lovely 'Birthday Suit' and a lovely present. Thank you!"
However, Sven seemed lost in thoughts. Clearly, he had been expecting something.
Mandy noticed that the ski suit fit her very well. She had a sense that it shrunk slightly from when she first put it on, but it was probably her imagination. Maybe it was because of the way that Sven was carrying on, that she started to think that maybe something would happen after the heat was applied.
They finished getting ready to head out to the ski lodge and then to the gondola. All the while, Mandy had forgotten that she had no underwear under her new ski suit. It felt very soft on the inside and since there were no internal seams, it was very comfortable.
----------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 2: A Gondola to Heavenly Delights
----------------------------------------------------------
They were in the queue to get the next Gondola. The gondolas were mostly glass, and the skiis were fastened on the outside. These were Gondolas for 6 people, so they expected that they would enter with the older couple and the two girls that were behind them.
"Watch your step," the attendant said as he helped Mandy onto the Gondola.
"Thanks," she said as they moved in and waited for the next couple to enter.
When they were inside, the doors to the Gondola closed, and it began to make its long journey toward the summit of the snow-covered mountain.
They smiled at the two couples and greeted them. However, for the most part, the two couples carried on their own separate conversation as they looked at the spectacular views offered at this height.
------------------------------
As the gondola made its ascent to the icy summit, Mandy peered out the window. In the distance, the mountain peaks towered above them on all sides. All the peaks were snow-covered and they glistened in the mid-morning sun, which tried to warm the cold air.
She pressed her forehead against the glass to look downwards some 30 meters towards the snow-covered slopes beneath them. Her warm breath made the window fog in a small circular spot.
"Oh, Sven, it is so pretty here!" she said. "This is the best birthday present I could ever have."
She glanced at him and smiled, revealing her cute dimples and beautiful white teeth. A wisp of her hair covered her left eye. In what was an involuntary mannerism after so many years, she tucked it up over her delicate ear, only for it to partially fall out again.
Sven put his arm on her thin shoulders. He noticed that the suit seemed to hug her body with the passing moments. He was impressed with how well the suit fit her. While she looked outside, he glanced down and admired the back of her sexy body. The suit hugged her bottom so much that he could see the crease of her ass. His cock twitched.
"I'm glad you like it," he said, thinking about how he would like to have her naked.
She breathed again on the glass, this time purposefully. The condensation was more pronounced and she proceeded to sketch the shape of a heart with her index finger. Within the outline of the heart, she wrote "M+S".
Still looking at her artistic masterpiece, framed some 30 meters above the snowy mountain, she became lost in her daydream.
"Do you 'really' love me, Sven?"
"Yeah, Mandy. I do."
It made her feel warm inside. She didn't know why, but she needed to hear it. She wondered if sometimes Sven thought she was just a silly girl. With his reassurance, she felt content and giddy like a schoolgirl who had fallen in love for the first time.
"Me too."
He moved his hand down from her shoulder, tracing her spine, and then to her bum. He rubbed her ass cheeks, then he slipped his hand between her legs.
Mandy jerked around quickly, and pushed his hand away, trying not to be conspicuous.
"Sven!," she whispered with a cringed brow, but with a grin. "Stop that! Not here in front of these people."
"Oh come on, they are not watching. They're too busy looking at the mountain," he whispered into her ear.
He moved behind her so as to block the view of how he was touching her. He returned his hand between her legs. His fingers rubbed back and forth. Even though the fabric of the ski suit was thin, she still wished that he was rubbing her bare pussy. Nonetheless, the pressure felt good and she was becoming aroused.
This was crazy. They were in a small gondola with four other people, and Sven was touching her between her legs, only hidden by his large body blocking their view of what he was doing.
She tried with all her might to not react. However, she had to feel his cock. She reached behind her and rubbed her hand over his crotch. He was rock-hard. She felt her nipples become stiff and she felt a twitching in her abdomen.
He continued to rub her.
"Sven," she whispered. "Stop. You are making me so turned on. Not here!".
She moved to make him stop. If not, she would not be able to control herself.
She turned around and sat in the chair next to them and facing the two other couples. Sven then sat down beside her. The other two couples had also been standing looking out the window, but almost at the same time had also decided to sit for the rest of the trip.
Between the couples, they exchanged pleasant gestures but did not speak.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3: The girls from Saint Andrew's School
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The two girls talked quietly. They were Mandy's age or perhaps slightly more. They giggled occasionally and their conversation seemed very intimate; more than simply two friends.
Mandy thought how pretty they both were in their own way. One of the girls had short blonde hair that was colored blue to match her eyes, was very skinny, and was somewhat androgynous. She could be mistaken for a very cute boy, if not for her remarkable figure and high cheekbones. The other girl wore her brown hair in a Dutch Braid Ponytail, having the appearance of Heidi from an old movie.
As the gondola continued its ascent towards the summit, Mandy held Sven's hand as they sat in silence enjoying the scenery.
The more that she observed them, she found it uncanny that the two girls reminded her so much of the only two girls in her life with whom she had "relations": Bela and Emma. She had been in love with each of them at different moments in her life. In fact, when she saw the girls entering the gondola previously, she had felt a sudden pang, thinking it was her two previous lovers there together.
Maybe she sees Bela and Emma in every girl she sees. It's like that, isn't it? I mean, when you were in love. Sometimes, even after the breakup, there is a part of you that is still in love. There is a part of you that yearns to be back in your lover's arms. You see their faces in so many other people.
How strange this was. What was the chance of such coincidence that both girls should look so much like her past lovers? Bela sometimes wore her brown-auburn hair in a French braid. And, after Saint Andrews, Emma went through a period with hair colored blue. Mandy had a strong sense of "Déjà vu".
She imagined thousands of scenarios of the lives of these two girls. The short-haired girl "was perhaps a gymnast, or maybe musician," she thought, while the other girl "was certainly a dancer". They are in love. They have been in love and came here where nobody knows them. Yes, perhaps, that is it! They escaped their towns to elope on the slopes!
Mandy was pleased with herself for having deduced so much with so little information. Of course, all this was in her mind, and she knew it. Maybe their lives were completely different from this invented history.
As Mandy watched them, the girl with the short blonde hair tinted blue leaned into her friend and kissed her on the mouth. The kiss turned passionate, and the girls didn't seem to have a notion of the others in the gondola.
Mandy squeezed Sven's hand and they glanced at each other, grinning slightly. What was not communicated between them was what Mandy was really thinking. The sight of these two girls kissing was not only highly erotic, but it evoked memories.
Very strong memories.
At once, she felt her nipples twitch and her clit begin to get hard.
"The girl with the blue hair looks a lot like your friend Emma whom you introduced me to a while back," Sven said.
He had no idea what relationship she had with Emma. All he knew was that she was Mandy's roommate from boarding school. He couldn't have imagined what Emma really had been for Mandy.
And, now. It still hurts. Mandy still hasn't gotten over it. She had a sudden feeling of profound sadness.
---
Mandy was transported back in time. In her mind, she was back in boarding school at Saint Andrew's. They had turned 18 and they still had to use the common showers after gym class. She felt so terribly embarrassed. She was so under-developed for her age, and "over-developed" in another aspect. Some of the girls began to point at her and laugh. Then several other girls came over to join in on the joke. Mandy was the focus of much merrymaking and jocularity, but not in the way she would like.
"Look at Mandy," one laughed, buckling over in laughter. "Hahaha! She is really a little boy! Is that a clit or a cock?"
Another joined in, "Mandy you don't even have any tits or pubic hair!"
Even though they were all her friends and it was all in jest, this humiliated Mandy far more than she let on. In fact, she tried to act as if she was enjoying the jokes, but in reality, she felt miserable. For her, her androgynous body was a taboo and sensitive topic. She hated it and scorned herself for never apparently passing puberty. Why was she cursed with this stupid clit between her legs that looked like a small cock? And why couldn't her tits grow just a little bit instead of being completely flat? She hated it and everything about herself.
----
Her thoughts transported her again to another scene of her life. She was back in her room. She was draped in her towel and still wet from the shower. Emma was in the room. Mandy couldn't hold back the tears and her face was red.
"Don't cry, Mandy," Emma said, touching her face gently. "They don't mean any harm. You know that they wouldn't want to really hurt you."
When all the other girls made fun of her for her large clit and flat chest, Emma was gentle with her.
Back then, Emma didn't have her hair tinted blue. The nuns wouldn't allow it. Her hair was dirty blonde, short, and she looked like the girl in the movie Lucy, but with deep blue eyes. Emma was like a mother to her. She seemed older and more mature than her age. Her body was athletic and full. She seemed at the peak of womanhood at this young age. Her features were sharp; high cheekbones, blue eyes, and a thin nose that pointed up at the tip.
Emma kissed Mandy tenderly and repeatedly on her cheek, as she caressed the side of her face and pushed her hair behind her small delicate elvish ears.
"You are very pretty," she would whisper.
Then, she kissed Mandy on the mouth. It was the first time that Mandy ever kissed another girl. First, they were small short kisses -- as if "staccato". Each like a small moist touch.
She stopped. Emma looked into her eyes to gauge Mandy's response. At first, it was an intense gaze, Mandy's eyes moved nervously back and forth, and then she giggled.
She liked it. She moved in and now it was her that kissed Emma. This time the kiss became passionate, their full youthful lips that seemed like soft pillows pressed together, opening, and allowing their tongues to dance together.
Emma brought Mandy towards her and put her arms around her thin waist. The bath towel covering Mandy's naked body became undone and fell to the floor around her ankles. Mandy blushed and made a move to retrieve the towel.
"Leave it. It is ok. I like you naked like this," Emma whispered, kissing her on the mouth.
She then stepped back towards the edge of her bed, bringing Mandy with her still in their embrace. She sat down while Mandy remained standing naked. Emma's face was at the height of Mandy's flat tummy and she kissed her belly button. She planted thousands of small kisses on her smooth tummy and moved down towards her mound.
Mandy's large clit was hard and looked like a small penis sticking out from her labia. Even when she was not aroused it was visible with her small amount of pubic hair, but now that she was excited, it hung like a small cock. At any other moment in her life, she never let anyone analyze so closely her "deformity".
"I think you are the most beautiful girl that I have ever seen," Emma said.
"No. I am ugly and don't have any shape. My body seems like it will never turn into that of a woman's. And, with this stupid thing!" she says looking down.
"Don't be silly, Mandy. You are the sexiest girl in the whole school. The other girls are jealous of you. That's why they make fun of you."
Emma continued to kiss down her tummy. At the same time, she rubbed her hands over her bum, slipping her fingers between her asscheeks and touching the back of her pussy. A burning desire went deep into Mandy's abdomen and she moaned softly. Thousands of impulses ran through her entire body in a way that she never experienced before. She wanted Emma to touch her.
Emma ran her finger over Mandy's sparse pubic hair. She quickly got on her knees, spread Mandy's thighs even further, and looked at her clit. She took it between her fingers and stroked it gently.
Mandy wanted to feel her tongue between her thighs. She felt the longing twitch and pushed her lower body further towards her. Emma gently rubbed her fingers over her moist lips and then over her protruding clit. This made Mandy gasp and push toward her.
Emma moved in and explored her velvety skin. Extremely slowly, she ran her tongue over her clitoris, over the thin line of her whispy sandy-blonde pubic hair. She then took Mandy's long clit between her mouth and sucked, swirling her tongue over its tip. At the same time, she slid a finger down her wet slit. Moaning, Mandy pushed her hips towards Emma, grabbing her head to bring it closer so that her tongue would apply more pressure to her clit.
Finally, Emma pushed up one of Mandy's legs, putting her mouth fully over her wet pussy, tasting every drop of her pleasure. She licked her womanhood over and over again as if she couldn't get enough of the juice it produced. The feeling was so intense that Mandy threw back her head, and gave herself completely to Emma.
-----
Mandy was transported in her mind to another moment. It was the end of Spring.
"C'mon, Mandy, let's escape this morning to sit by the pond in Adam's Farm," she said, grabbing Mandy's hand.
"Emma, we can't. We'll get in trouble!"
"Don't worry. We will say that it was my fault," she smiled, caressing her face. "Besides, I want to be alone with you."
"But, the Reverend Mother will castigate us!"
"I don't care. I need to spend time with you alone. I need it for my soul."
Mandy melted. She couldn't resist anything that Emma wanted from her. She would obey and go to the end of the world with her.
---
They were lying in the high grass of the field, looking up into the endless sky. They had removed their uniforms and lay naked together side by side.
"It seems so vast," Mandy whispered, as she watched the large puffy clouds roll by.
"As vast as love," Emma answered dreamily.
Emma reached for Mandy's hand. They stayed like this for what seemed like an eternity but disappeared like an echo. They watched the warm Spring clouds change shape, interacting with their fantasies.
"Do you love me, Emma?"
Emma turned and looked into Mandy's eyes. She didn't answer. Instead, she tucked the small daisy, which she had been twirling between her fingers, behind Mandy's ear.
"You look so pretty with this in your hair," and she leaned over and kissed Mandy on the lips, touching Mandy's flat breasts.
Their lips were as puffy as the clouds. They wanted to grab hold of such innocence forever and never let it go. However, each knew that despite all effort, one cannot hold on to a cloud for more than an instant.
"Yes," Emma said to Mandy, looking deeply into her eyes. "More than anything in the world."
Mandy leaned up towards Emma's lips and kissed her passionately.
---
The morning turned into afternoon. The two still lay there naked in the field next to the pond.
"What is your deepest fantasy, Mandy?"
"I am afraid to tell you."
"You can tell me anything."
"I want to be your pet. I want to always be with you and for you to protect and love me."
Emma turned her head and they looked intensely into each other's eyes. Emma looked at her with a deep sense of caring.
"I know, Mandy. You already are my pet. But, someday, you will need to be set free. Because that is what true love is all about."
A tear fell from Mandy's eye.
----------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 4: The Birthday Suit responds
----------------------------------------------------------
These memories had aroused Mandy while she sat watching the two girls kiss in the chair in front of them on the gondola.
"Sven," she said.
"Yeah?"
"I feel something weird is happening to my suit," she said. "It seems like it is shrinking by the second."
"That's impossible, suits don't ...."
Just as he was beginning his next phrase, Mandy did start to notice that the suit did seem to become slightly tighter around her ankles and bottom legs. It wasn't uncomfortable or restrictive, but she noticed ever so slightly that the fabric seemed to have contracted.
Then she noticed that the material continued to contract at places up her leg. Once again, it just seemed to hug her body more than before. Now it contracted along her back, her crotch, and torso. The fabric was becoming snug to her body everywhere. It wasn't uncomfortable but with each passing moment, the suit seemed to shrink to the shape of her body as if it were a second skin.
"Sven, what is happening?"
"My God. It is adapting to your body. It is a new material, but I had no idea that this is what it does! They didn't explain it like this in the store."
After a few minutes, it had completely adapted to the form of her body. It followed the shape of her breasts so much that her nipples could be seen. It adapted to the crease of her bum, and the crease of her pussy.
After two more minutes, and as they were trapped within the gondola with these total strangers, Mandy's suit had converted into what looked like body paint. It was as if she had a thin layer of paint but other than that was completely naked.
She looked down at herself. The suit was now stuck directly to her body. It was as if she was completely naked. She was not cold. But she was naked, except for the color.
The two couples didn't appear to notice at this moment. The older couple was engrossed in the scenery, while two young girls were still locked in a sensual kiss that seemed to last forever. However, at this point, the form of Mandy's pussy and breasts was on complete display.
"Sven, I am so embarrassed," she said, trying to hide behind him.
--
After a few more moments, the color of the suit, which originally was a light mauve, had started to dissipate. It was as if the fabric or rubber, or whatever it was, had started to lose the tint and became transparent.
Now the suit, which first was like body paint, had become completely invisible. Even the outlines of the seams could barely be seen.
With each passing moment, her naked body underneath was becoming visible to everyone on the Gondola.
"Sven!", she said frantically with a loud whisper. "What is happening?"
"I don't know. They told me that it would become snug, but I didn't know that it would be this snug! And transparent!"
She stood up and moved to the corner, bringing Sven with her. She tried to hide behind him, but they were in such a close space and now there was no way to cover herself. Sven's ski suit was one-piece, so he couldn't offer her a piece of his garment.
Good thing they were in a corner and Sven was hiding her from the other people in the gondola. But, at any moment they would realize and see her naked.
"Gosh, Sven, what am I going to do?"
Mandy felt something else. That small nub that was on the suit, that lodged up against her pussy, had now grown considerably. It had entered her pussy and felt like a six-inch dildo lodged into her.
"Sven?".
"Yeah, Mandy?"
"There is something else."
"What?"
"I don't know how to say this, but the suit is filling me down there."
"What do you mean?"
"There was a small nub before, but now it has grown," she said somewhat alarmed.
"How do you mean it has grown?"
"Sven, I am scared. It is filling me. It is like a large dildo and has entered me."
"Are you serious?" Sven seemed pleasantly surprised, if not amused.
Just then, the nub that had turned into a full-fledged dildo began to vibrate. At the same time, the suction cups on her nipples also started to pulsate, as if milking and sucking on her breasts. The sudden sensation it caused sent shock waves through her body, and her legs involuntarily gave way. It was a good thing that she could hold on to the rails in the corner, that she used to support her weight, as the waves of pleasure began to overtake her.
Mandy couldn't deny the pleasure the suit started to give her. Involuntarily, she squeezed her legs together and nearly buckled down with the shocks of pleasure the suit produced.
"Gosh, Sven! Uff!,... I can't ...." she whispered as she bent over while gasping for air.
"Mandy, my God are you ok? Are you in pain?" he whispered as the other people in the gondola looked at her, wondering what happened to her, but still not realizing that her suit had become completely transparent and tight as body paint.
----
Despite appearing naked, the material provided complete warmth and she was not cold. Quite the opposite. The suit made her warm. In fact, the suit had become hot in the crotch and this seemed to make the dildo inside her larger. With the dildo buzzing and filling her, she was turned on and had become wet despite all her efforts to the contrary.
She looked down at her body, and now she looked completely naked. Her nipples pointed up, helped by the invisible suction cups, pulsating as if they were being sucked by someone's mouth. She looked down to her crotch and realized that her cleanly shaven mound was visible. Twisting her torso slightly, she realized that her ass was also completely conspicuous as well.
---------
When they got off the gondola, everybody was staring and Mandy felt all their eyes on her. She could see they were all talking amongst themselves in disbelief.
One of the girls in the gondola was looking at her from head to toe. "Gosh! What are you doing and what did you do with your suit? Did you leave it in the gondola?" She asked with surprise.
"No. This is it. This is my 'birthday suit'," Mandy answered.
"We can see that," they laughed.
"No, you don't understand. It was a present from my boyfriend. It is a special suit that is made of futuristic material."
"Yeah, right!" the girls giggled.
"Here feel my arm," she said to both of them. "It is covering my skin, but somehow it has become invisible."
They felt her arm and indeed, it didn't feel like her skin. It felt like there was something covering it.
"It was kind of loose-fitting when I put it on, but with the cold, it shrunk to fit every part of my body. Also, I had no idea that the material would lose all its color. This is so embarrassing."
Holding both her skis and the ski poles, she couldn't cover herself. The two girls continued to stare at her.
"You are so hot," one of the girls said, staring at her with desire. "Where are you staying?"
Mandy was not sure she wanted to be in this conversation, but she felt it would be rude to blow them off. Also, she kind of liked the attention.
"We're in Livigno Lodge," Sven interjected.
"We are too!" the blue-haired girl said excitedly. "We're in room 301."
"203," Sven said, against Mandy's desire to give more information.
"We will stop by after skiing. Maybe you can show us more of your 'birthday suit' later," the girl proposed, looking directly at Mandy.
"Mandy would love that!" Sven interjected quickly and with much delight.
Mandy gave a disapproving and annoyed glance at Sven.
Sven just smiled defiantly back at her. Anyway, Mandy imagined that they would not follow through on their pledge, especially after a day of skiing.
---------------------------------------------------
Chapter 5: Blushing at the Summit
---------------------------------------------------
When they left the gondola landing area at the summit, they could see the crowded ski lodge. To Mandy's horror, there had to be at least a hundred people, between those in the lodge and those preparing to ski.
On any other day, the summit was windy, cold, and unpleasant for lingering in the open. However, this was a lovely sunny day at the summit, and at the moment, there was no wind, so many people were also sitting outside on the deck, admiring the view of the Alps at slightly over 2000 meters. Also, there were many tables both inside and outside the ski lodge where people could have hot chocolate and sit by the fire before skiing down the mountain.
But on this day, the real exciting sight was this "apparently naked" girl, Mandy!
Everybody was looking at her. To everyone, she seemed completely naked. At 2000 meters, it was cold. How could such a skinny girl be completely naked in these temperatures and not get frostbitten?
Besides the practicalities, she was a pleasant sight indeed. Men desired her, and some of the women wished they were her. Even though she should be completely embarrassed, the buzzing dildo and the pulsating nipple suction cups occupied all her thoughts and involuntary actions.
"Sven, I am so embarrassed."
"Yeah, I don't know what happened to the 'birthday suit'."
"You knew about this didn't you!"
"No!" he said innocently. "I promise. I thought the suit would fit tightly to your body but didn't think it would become transparent! I hadn't anticipated it would really be a 'birthday suit'."
Just then, the dildo seemed to go into overdrive, not only vibrating but gyrating inside her kitty. She let out a moan and bent slightly forward grabbing her flat tummy. She could feel the vibrator spinning inside her.
"Gosh!" she shrieked, nearly doubling over.
Sven looked at her body, completely visible through the suit, and saw that the vibrator made her tummy bulge periodically as it spun around inside her.
"Mandy," Sven said, "Let's go sit over there on the bench."
With the vibrator gyrating around inside her, she sat so that she was slouched on the wooden chair. In this position, and given how skinny Mandy's body was, the form of the vibrator was visible as it bulged her tummy with a regular periodicity.
Sven put his hand on her tummy and felt the vibrator moving around in her.
"That is so hot, Mandy."
Mandy only moaned.
"Sven, how is this possible? What is it about this suit? It seems to act by magic."
"I don't know. Really," he paused. "But, I guess you are not too happy about your 'birthday suit'?"
Despite the vibrator bringing her to new heights, she looked up and stared deeply into his eyes.
"It is the most amazing present I have ever had!"
They smiled at one another. Sven leaned forward and kissed her passionately on the mouth.
----------
Despite her embarrassment, Mandy had decided that it was best to forget about her suit and just enjoy the day of skiing. They had been waiting to do this for so long, and if she were to spend the entire day being embarrassed or pouting, the whole weekend would be ruined.
Nonetheless, she was here in her new 'birthday suit', but to everybody around her, she appeared nude. This presents considerable challenges.
The dildo continued to buzz inside her. She felt that her vagina was being stretched to the maximum. At one point while they were sitting on the bench, she opened her legs and looked down. As she suspected, with the transparent material and the transparent dildo, the entrance to her sex looked completely open. She quickly closed her legs feeling mortified.
But, it had turned her on and she felt the vibrator suddenly start to gyrate faster, and the suction on her nipples even more intense. She closed her eyes tightly and tried to breathe normally. If this were to continue, she would surely have an orgasm at any moment there in front of all these people.
--------
Even with the crowd around them, Mandy couldn't concentrate on anything but the buzzing and gyration of the suit's dildo that had grown into her.
"Gosh Sven, I am so turned on, but this is so embarrassing."
With the mountain air, it was hard to discern if her face was red from the humiliation of being naked in front of all these people or from the cold.
"I can go and find something to put over you."
"No!" she shrieked, "Please don't leave me."
"You don't want to sit here alone just for a moment so I can find some other clothing for you?"
"No. At least with you here ...," she stopped for a moment from a sudden jerk of the dildo inside her, "Gosh!... With you here, I can at least have some courage!".
They both giggled.
------------
Suddenly a woman was standing in front of them.
"This is disgraceful!" the woman scolded them with a stern face. Her embarrassed husband was behind her with their children. "It is not acceptable to be naked in front of families. You should be ashamed of yourself!"
Mandy tried to explain, "You don't understand, this is my 'birthday suit', and ... "
"I can see that young lady!" the woman interrupted. "And I shall protest when I get to the bottom of the mountain."
With this, she turned around angrily and joined her family to resume skiing.
Mandy and Sven looked at each other and burst out laughing.
"Sven, you have gotten us in a lot of trouble!"
"No, Mandy, the problem is that your naked body has gotten us into a lot of trouble. If you weren't so sexy, that lady wouldn't have cared. But her husband was drooling while he looked at you."
Mandy laughed, "Perhaps, I should be punished."
Sven looked into her eyes.
"Yes, I think this birthday girl needs 21 spankings on her bare bottom for her 21 years."
Mandy looked at him intensely.
"I hope you mean that."
Sven reached over and kissed her on the mouth.
So there it was. To all the people around them, it appeared that this girl was completely naked and they were making love on the bench overlooking the mountain range. Nobody would ever imagine that in reality, Mandy was simply in her "birthday suit."
--------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 6: Heating up with the Summit Manager
---------------------------------------------------------------
While they were sitting on the bench, they saw a man approaching. He appeared to be an employee of the ski lodge but had the demeanor of authority.
"Good morning," he said politely but seriously. He bowed in a gesture as a military officer, perhaps revealing a previous station in life with its strict conditioning difficult to assuage. "I am the manager here," nodding to each of them.
He turned his attention directly to Mandy. "Mademoiselle, I am afraid you will need to follow me. It is not allowed to be naked like this here."
Even though it was anticipated, Sven tried to explain the situation.
"She is not really naked," he said. "You see, she is wearing a 'birthday suit'."
The manager looked at him politely but unwavering.
"Yes, Signore. I understand. But, I am the manager, you see. That is what I am," he paused. "And we cannot allow the Mademoiselle to continue to be here naked. I would really not like, Signore, to report this to the authorities."
He turned again to Mandy.
"Mademoiselle, please follow me."
Both Mandy and Sven stood up. He signaled both of them to accompany him towards the ski lodge. As they walked towards the lodge, all the people on the deck, and those waiting to ski, watched Mandy pass by. They saw the girl in her new "birthday suit" walk clumsily in her ski boots. As she passed, her nipples pointed upwards and her tight ass was on clear display. All the while, the dildo buzzed happily within her and the invisible nipple suctions pulsated away.
As such, they walked slowly into the lodge following the manager. The ski boots greatly impeded their movements. The lodge was filled with over 50 people sitting on long benches drinking hot chocolates and other warm drinks. The commotion of so many people suddenly dropped to a low dull noise as Mandy walked into the lodge, seemingly completely naked.
To reach the manager's office, they would need to traverse the large dining hall, walk by the chimney with its roaring fire surrounded by many people warming their hands, and then walk past the long line of people buying food. In this manner, all eyes were on her as she passed through the lodge, following the manager with Sven just behind her.
--------
They arrived at the manager's office and entered.
The manager went behind his desk. He turned to them and motioned them to sit down in two chairs positioned directly in front of him.
"My name is Francois," he said politely.
The situation seemed surreal. Sven was in his ski outfit, while Mandy sat there apparently naked with her breasts and nipples in plain view.
"I'm Sven and this is Mandy."
Francois bowed his head reverently with the introduction.
"So, we need to find some clothes for Mademoiselle Mandy," he said.
"No, you don't understand," Sven said as if revealing something obvious. "You see, this is her 'birthday suit'."
He realized the absurd manner of explaining the situation and started again.
"I mean, she is wearing a new ski suit that I bought her for her birthday."
Francois continued to look at him incredulously, and then at her.
"You see, it is a new type of ski suit that adapts to the body. However, we didn't know that it would become transparent."
He turned to Mandy and touched her arm and then her breasts.
"If you touch her, you will see that there is a type of rubbery fabric covering her," he said as if offering a sampling to the manager. "Really. I am serious. Please come here and feel her."
----------
Francois was a nice professional man and didn't have any intention of taking advantage of Mandy. However, he did find her incredibly beautiful and sexy. He couldn't deny that seeing her naked had made his cock hard. Now when Sven said he could touch her, it was something he simply couldn't refuse. He had no idea where this was going, but he was willing to play along.
He reached across his desk and touched her arm.
"Yes, you are right. It feels like rubbery latex paint," he said amazed.
Mandy felt like an object. She looked at Sven with some amount of anger. However, her body betrayed her. The dildo continued humming within her and the suction cups occasionally sucked on her nipples. Thus, she was so aroused that there was a disconnection between her rational thinking and her desires.
"And look," Sven said, touching her breasts. "Even though it looks like she is naked, it is because the suit hugs her body so tightly. But, you can make out the seam along her back and crotch and underneath her breasts. Come here and see for yourself."
"Sven!" Mandy protested.
"Mandy," he whispered as Francois was busy getting up from the desk. "This is turning you on, isn't it?"
She bit her lower lip.
"Yes."
Sven smiled, realizing that this was consent on her part. They could continue this game.
---------
Sven stood up and took Mandy's hand, helping her stand up.
Francois was now standing in front of them. His hard cock was now visible underneath his jeans.
Sven lifted Mandy's arms. "See, touch her breasts and then rub underneath and you will see there is a very thin seam. Also, you will notice that there are suction cups on her nipples."
Mandy couldn't believe what was happening. How could she let Sven show her body like this to a complete stranger? Just hours before, she was embarrassed to get naked in front of him, and now she was showing her naked aroused body to this stranger with a hardon underneath his jeans.
Francois felt Mandy's breasts. At first, he only rubbed his hands gently to feel the seam as Sven had suggested. But then, he took her breasts and squeezed them. Mandy was mortified, but at the same time, she was more aroused than in her entire life.
"Yes, you are right. This is incredible. There is an invisible seam under her breasts," Francois confirmed.
Instead of stopping there, however, he seemed unable to control himself and continued to rub her breasts and flick her nipples.
Mandy suddenly jumped. As Francois rubbed her nipples, the suit's dildo, still lodged inside her, began to vibrate faster. It was as if the ski suit knew that she was becoming more aroused. Or perhaps, it knew that her body was being touched. As a result, the energy that Francois was applying to her breasts was converted into more energy for the dildo.
"Oh!" she moaned. "That feels so good."
Sven felt encouraged. Francois now had realized Mandy was not simply naked but was wearing her 'birthday suit'. He turned Mandy around.
"Look, Francois," pointing to the crease of her ass. "There is another seam here. Come here and feel this. It is right here."
Francois did as Sven instructed. He rubbed his fingers between Mandy's ass. He could just make out the seam of the birthday suit that Sven described. Even though it felt like rubbery paint, he still could feel all the details of her body.
As Francois moved his fingers between the crease of her ass, his fingers touched the back of her pussy. Now the vibrator inside of Mandy started to move wildly, gyrating as before within her abdomen and buzzing at a very high frequency. Mandy did all she could to hold her balance.
"What is happening to her?" Francois asked Sven, very concerned at her sudden reaction.
"That is something else that is just unbelievable about this suit. It has its own dildo that becomes larger and responds to her 'birthday suit' being touched."
"You are kidding me! This is scientifically impossible."
Sven didn't want to embarrass Mandy any more than she already was, but he felt compelled to show Francois.
"Feel her lower tummy," he said. "You will see what I mean."
Francois touched her tummy. Immediately, he felt the dildo inside her gyrating in circles, periodically making her tummy bulge.
"This is incredible," Francois said and began to whisper to himself in French. "Magnifique!"
Mandy moaned as the vibrator made her lose all notion of the present situation.
Francois couldn't help himself and his hands slipped down and touched her bare mound. He slipped a finger between her legs. The suit molded perfectly to her labia, but he could tell that it was then covered. He felt the hard transparent dildo buzzing inside her and blocking her entrance.
"You see what I mean?" Sven asked.
"Yes. Magnifique," Francois continued to say in awe.
"Now do you believe us?"
"Yes. Of course!" he said, realizing that he was still rubbing Mandy's labia while touching her breasts.
When he realized what he was doing he suddenly stopped, as if aware and worrying that he had overstepped his "professional inspection".
Francois looked at Mandy, "I am sorry, Mademoiselle Mandy."
She smiled. "It's ok. Really. I understand."
He breathed a sigh of relief.
"I liked when you touched me there," Mandy said to put him at ease and smiled.
-----
Francois looked at Sven, once again trying to take on his managerial role. He returned to a procedural demeanor.
"So, Signore, what shall we do? The Mademoiselle is clearly wearing her birthday suit. There is no question about that. But, of course, even with this magnificent suit, we cannot have her like this in front of the other guests."
"Yes," Seven said. "I see. Well, what do you propose?"
They were both at a loss. Mandy was not paying any attention. Her mind was focused on the impending orgasm that would overtake her at any moment.
Suddenly, Sven had an idea that seemed to at least break the immediate creative impasse.
"Well, there is one thing we can do while we think about the general problem."
"Oh yes? What is it?" responded Francois.
"Mandy has not received her spanking for her birthday. Perhaps we could each give her a good-luck spanking. She is 21 today."
Francois' cock suddenly twitched again.
---------------------------------------------------
Chapter 7: 21 Birthday Strokes
---------------------------------------------------
Mandy had been sitting in the chair during this last part of the conversation. She did all she could to focus on her tremendous arousal. Her concentration was on wanting to have an orgasm. She wanted to masturbate, but she couldn't do that here in front of these men. The vibrating dildo and suction cups were driving her mad and edging her beyond all belief.
"Mandy?"
She was startled out of her state of orgasm denial.
"Uhm, yes Sven?" she paused, sitting up. "I'm sorry."
"While we think of a solution to the immediate problem, Francois wants me to give you a proper birthday spanking."
Mandy's eyes became wide.
"What?!"
"Yes. C'mon it will be fun. Besides, birthday spankings always bring good luck!"
Mandy looked at him incredulously, however, her body once again betrayed her. She felt a sudden twitch of her nipples. The suit seemed to sense her increased arousal, and it put the dildo once again into overdrive!
----
"Mandy, stand up and turn around!" Sven commanded.
Mandy felt so turned on. "How could she be in this situation?" she wondered. It felt so submissive and she didn't want Sven to know that in reality she was submissive and would love to be a sexual pet. She wasn't sure if he would have approved. But she looked into his eyes and then at Francois. It was so erotic.
She did as she was told. Since it excites her, the dildo starts to vibrate rapidly again. And it excites her, even more, knowing that Sven is watching and willing to let this stranger control her.
She looked into his eyes and quickly glanced away from his penetrating gaze. She hesitated slightly but then turned around. She felt self-conscious and she tried to cover the crease of her butt from both of the men's gazes.
"Put your hands on your sides!"
At first, she didn't know what to do.
Sven said, "Mandy, obey me. You know you have been naughty wearing this "birthday suit" and you need to be punished. "
She quickly dropped her hands. She was nervous but also very excited.
She didn't know what to think. "What will happen?" she wondered and continued her introspection. "How should I respond and react to this?"
She was bent over the desk with her ass completely visible to the man and to Sven. She heard and sensed his presence behind her, and could almost feel his eyes peering over her. She was so nervous. At any moment, she felt that she could explode.
He touched her and made her bend down slightly so that her ass opened and her pussy was visible from behind.
"See?" Sven said lightheartedly to Francois, "Even though she is wearing her birthday suit, we can see how turned on she is."
Sven ran his hands between Mandy's ass cheeks.
Her breathing was fast and shallow. She bit her lip as he touched her. Her body tensed and the muscles of her vagina contracted on the dildo that was spinning around inside her.
Mandy could feel that her skin was on pins and needles and seemed stretched to its limits. Her nipples were hard and she wanted to pull on them.
Sven gave her a love tap on her ass cheek and Mandy jumped. Mandy thought how silly her reaction was because it was just a gentle touch. But, the anticipation of a true slap was too much!
"Do you like that, Mandy?"
"Yes."
"Tell Francois to come close and watch how much you like it."
Mandy couldn't believe that Sven was asking her to do this. It seemed so out of character for him. But, this was so erotic. She wanted to orgasm so badly. And, she suddenly wanted to be submissive to Sven and please him in every way. All her humiliation and inhibitions seemed secondary. It was as if she could reveal to him the submissive side of herself. And, it felt incredible to just surrender herself in this way. It was her deepest fantasy.
"Francois, you can watch me if you want."
"No. Tell him to come here closer," Sven commanded, slapping her ass.
"Francois, will you come here closer please?"
She heard Francois's chair move and she sensed his footsteps approaching and standing next to Sven. She then heard the chair move. He must have sat down and was sitting right in front of her pussy. He had front row seats for her humiliation.
She then felt Sven's hands slide up from the crack of her ass, along her spinal column towards her neck, drawing a light invisible line on her skin.
"Why am I so nervous and tense?" Mandy wondered.
Sven's fingers then trace down from her neck once again, leaving a red line down her back, visible through the 'birthday suit'.
Sven then reaches around her and strokes Mandy's body from her sides and her stomach and then up to her breasts.
His hands rub over her breasts from below. As he does this, his hands wrapped lightly around each of her breasts and his thumbs and forefinger pinch her nipples and then push them together.
Mandy lets out a gasp both from his touch and the gyrating dildo inside of her increases its speed from her excitement.
------
The constant pressure on her breasts and Sven's voice, whispering how hot she is into her ear, excites Mandy even more.
"Do you like this, Mandy?" he whispered.
"Yes."
"Tell me how much."
Mandy could only moan, indicating her agreement, but she managed, "A lot."
Sven then released her breasts letting them travel down her stomach and then letting them rest over her pubic bone.
Mandy could feel his fingers spread her femininity and a finger attempted to penetrate her. But, the suit and dildo prevented his finger from entering. Instead, he rubbed her labia.
Then he stopped.
---
Mandy waited in anticipation for what would come next. She heard a chair move. She sensed that it was Francois, but she couldn't be sure.
She felt a hand running along the crease of her ass. It touched her pussy and she moaned.
Then, out of nowhere, she felt a hard slap on her ass cheek. It made her jump.
"One," Sven said.
She braced for the next slap, but it didn't come. She seemed to wait with nervousness forever, then it suddenly fell on her.
"Two," Sven called out.
Sven continued to spank her, making sure that his hand slapped against her labia. After the sixth or seventh slap, Mandy lost all notion of being humiliated. She was lost in the moment. It was then that Sven saw that her finger had moved beneath her and began to rub her clit. This humiliation had turned into such a sexual desire, that she couldn't help but to rub herself.
During the entire time, even though Mandy was wearing the birthday suit, it didn't protect her skin from Sven's birthday spanking. Her skin bottom had become completely red. For its part, the suit made the dildo inside her jerk back and forth and the invisible nipple suctions pulsate at a rapid speed.
--
"Fifteen.."
"Oh, Sven," she moaned, anticipating each spank.
For the last few spankings, he made her wait in anticipation. Instead of spanking her, he put his hand between her legs and began to rub her back and forth. He was so turned on that he wanted to flip her over on the desk and fuck her hard with her 'birthday suit' on. However, he knew that was impossible with the suit on. Also, Francois was watching the entire time.
As he rubbed her between her legs, he saw her finger rubbing her clit while she lay across Francois' desk. Her entire body was squirming, as her pelvis gyrated up and down.
"You are so hot, Mandy! Do you want me to continue to spank you?
"Yes," she could only whisper.
"If you don't speak louder, I will have to give you at least ten more spankings!"
"Yes, Sven, I want you to spank me," she giggled. "Please, Sven!"
To give him the best angle possible to slap her right on her pussy, she shifted her ass up in the air. At that angle, he had a clear view of her pussy and could slap her in the way that she so desired.
He slapped her a little harder each time. With each slap, the girl flinched and he then stop briefly to rub her pussy. Mandy was so aroused by the mixture of pain and then pleasure. It occurred to her another perverted desire. She wished that he would flip her over and slap her breasts. "It would hurt so much!" she thought. "However, how delicious it would be!"
With this thought, her nipples seemed to get bigger and bigger. The suction cups pulsated, drawing out the tips of her nipples even further as if to suck the sweet nectar out of them.
As these thoughts and sensations swept through her, Sven slapped her pussy hard. Mandy felt that every inch of her body was aroused. She thought about his hard cock. She thought about it rubbing vigorously between her legs, tracing the contours of her slippery lips. She imagined it at her entrance, wanting it to break through and be lodged deep inside her. She also imagined it pushing at the entrance of her anus.
Just then, she felt another slap.
She imagined wriggling underneath him, clinging to him as he pushed inside her. Her swollen and aroused nipples would rub against his chest sending shock waves through her.
"Smack!"
The slaps seemed to never end. How old was she? It seemed more than 21 slaps! She had lost count. But at that moment, she wished she was 90 years old or 100 years old just to continue receiving slaps. She wanted that until she could orgasm. She needed the contact and pressure there, even if it was through pain.
"How do you feel, Mandy?" Sven asked.
"I am so aroused," she whispered through her gasps. She felt embarrassed and it was obvious in her voice. "Gosh, Sven, I feel like a river of pleasure is running through my entire body."
Sven stopped slapping her for a moment and let his fingers crawl over the delicate skin covered by the thin "birthday suit." His hand moved between the crack of her ass and towards her anus. He circled her pink button and applied pressure. Even though the suit didn't let his finger enter her, she seemed to push her bum towards him, as if wanting it to penetrate her.
The vibrator of the suit continued to gyrate within her insatiable pussy. She felt her juices soaking the inside of her suit and running down from her entrance, making her entire thighs feel wet. Some of her juice had even covered her pink anus.
With so many slaps, her little pussy lips felt red-hot, and the vibrator in her pussy jumped to another level of intensity. Her large clit is so hard she wishes she could stroke it like a cock, as she sometimes does when she is alone.
Finally, she could feel her orgasm so close and she just wanted to feel any type of pressure there, even if it was mixed with pain.
"Twenty-one!"
With this, his hand came crashing down on her ass. It hit her right on her kitty, sending shock waves throughout her body. She wasn't sure if she just had a slight orgasm, but she didn't want it to stop.
"Happy 21st birthday!"
He stopped spanking her for a moment and returned to rub her between the crack of her ass. First, he moved up and down, with his fingers and then his entire hand smearing her wetness within the suit. After a few moments, he used his thumb to gently and slowly apply pressure against her small virgin anus.
"Oh, Sven!"
--------------------------------------------------
Chapter 8: Going down at the Summit
-------------------------------------------------
"Lie on your back in the middle of the desk and open your legs," Sven told her.
Mandy did as Sven instructed. She moved the papers to one side, lay back on Francois's desk, and then bent her legs up so that the heels of her feet were on the edge of the desk. She tried to hide her sex with her hands and had her legs tightly closed together. In this position, the buzzing and gyrating dildo could be seen bulging and moving in her tummy.
"Oh Sven," Mandy said completely lost in her sexual trance. "I want to orgasm so badly!"
Sven pulled her legs apart as if opening the petals of a flower. He moved in so that his mouth was on her sex and started to kiss her reddened labia. It still stung from the birthday slaps. Nonetheless, the fact that she was wearing the 'birthday suit' did absorb some of the pain from the slaps. Also, she wished she didn't have the suit on so that she would be able to feel Sven's tongue better.
Francois watched Sven. He rubbed his bulge pushing against his tight jeans. This was entirely unprofessional, but he couldn't control himself watching this sexual scene unfold.
At one point, while Sven was busy licking and rubbing Mandy's pussy and Mandy was in utter ecstasy with her eyes closed, Francois undid his zipper and started to stroke his cock. He could not take his eyes off the scene that was unfolding in front of him. He had been so excited that after only a few strokes, he started to shoot loads of his cum into the air.
Meanwhile, Sven rubbed his fingers between her pussy lips rubbing back and forth. Each time, he applied more pressure. He stroked back and forth.
Mandy wanted his fingers inside her. But, with the suit and the dildo buzzing inside her, it was impossible. Nonetheless, she wanted to arch her hips at a different angle to make his fingers slip inside. She remembered that the suit wouldn't allow that.
"Sven, you are driving me crazy!
He pushed one of his fingers along the outside of her entrance while he still applied pressure on her anus with his thumb. She felt her orgasm approach. It was like a wave that started deep within her. It was a tension that would break at any moment.
All of a sudden, she shuddered and collapsed. She exploded in a flower of needles that pricked every pore of her body. The avalanche of orgasm shook her. Wave after wave rolled over her.
She suddenly felt numb from the pounding of her orgasm, and she felt a different sensation. The dildo was not in her pussy. She realized it was against her buttocks and small anus. It entered her and began to rotate again and again. She gasped.
"What is happening now?" she thought.
Involuntarily, she clenched the muscles of her ass to try and stop its penetration. A tingling burn shot through her and exploded in her breasts. This repeated continuously as the "birthday suit" continued to ravage every hole of her body. With the movement and deeper penetration of the dildo in her anus, the tingling of her prolonged orgasm spread over her entire body without letting up. In fact, she felt that the sensation only increased.
Mandy had another orgasm. This time was very different from the first. She continued to shudder with aftershocks for many minutes afterward.
------------------------------
After a while, Mandy finally stirred. Sven helped her get up from her lying position across her desk.
"Ouch!" she said as her bum settled down on the chair.
"Does it hurt?"
"Yes. A little bit. It stings, especially between my legs."
They looked into each other's eyes and laughed.
----
After her orgasm, the suit slowly started to become opaque and returned to the way it was previously. It loosened up and didn't hug her body. With each passing moment, the suit became a regular ski suit.
"So now we know how this 'birthday suit' works."
"We better take advantage of the moment and ski down the mountain," Sven said.
"Yes."
"Mandy here is sure to get turned on again soon."
They thanked Francois for his "help" in resolving the complicated matter and left his office to head for the descent down to the base lodge. Hopefully, Mandy would not get turned on prior to arriving at the bottom of the mountain.
But, with Mandy and such sexual arousals, one could never be too sure.
---------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 9: Down the slopes and then hers
---------------------------------------------------------
As Mandy and Sven left Francois' office and the ski lodge, they encountered the two girls from the gondola drinking hot chocolate on the lodge deck. As they passed clumsily in their ski boots, they made a gesture to greet them.
"Found your ski suit?" the blue-haired girl said, slightly amused.
Mandy blushed. "Yeah," was all she could muster.
She didn't want to talk about the suit again and get excited. At this point, she just wanted to ski, and hoped her birthday suit would not act up!
As they descended the wooden steps of the deck to fetch their skis, the blue-haired girl yelled out to them, "See you later today!"
Mandy was mortified that they really had the intention of meeting them back at the hotel.
-------
The afternoon finally progressed as any other normal ski vacation. Fortunately, Mandy's birthday suit did not turn on her and acted like a normal ski suit. She was relieved! Finally, she felt that they could enjoy their time on the slopes. In fact, they had ascended and descended the mountain two other times during the day.
After a day of skiing, they returned to their room at the hotel. Mandy's ski suit was such that she could take it off without heating it up again with the hairdryer, as indicated in the instructions, but sufficiently tight that it required some effort.
"I will take a shower first," Sven advertised. "That way you have time to remove your suit."
With great effort, Mandy finally removed the tight-fitting suit entirely. She stood naked and put it on a hanger. Examining its incredibly small size and thin fabric, she was amazed that this mere garment could have kept her warm.
She also grinned. "How could this crazy suit cause her so much embarrassment as well as turn her on so much?"
She felt the small "nub" in the crotch area. "This is impossible!" she thought. "How could this tiny rubber bump turn into a dildo?"
At that moment, she began to doubt whether all that happened somehow had been invented in her mind. Maybe she fell asleep on the gondola ride.
"Oh my gosh!" she became slightly frantic. "Imagine if all that was invented and didn't happen. Am I going mad?"
At once she thought about asking Sven. She was just about to enter the bathroom to ask him, but then thought, "If it was my dream, he would think that I am crazy!" She decided against it. The best option was not to talk about it.
-----
"Your turn," Sven said, emerging from the shower with only a towel covering himself.
Mandy was still naked in the middle of the room. She still had been arranging their clothing in the closet. Upon seeing her like this, Sven's cock immediately became hard, creating a large bulge in the towel.
She turned around when he emerged. She saw how his erect cock lifted the draping towel like a tent.
"Naughty boy!"
"Mmm, it's your fault," he said, approaching her and putting his arms around her.
"Stop, Sven or we will never finish!"
"What's the rush?"
Sven moved his hands down to her bum, between her ass, and rubbed a finger against her anus and then the back of her pussy.
"C'mon Sven, I want to shower!" she half-heartedly protested.
Sven let the bath towel fall to the floor. Now his cock pressed against her smooth tummy. It was impossible for her to resist. The sensation of his hard cock against her body made her nipples hard.
"How about if we just play for a little while."
"But...,"
He looked into her eyes and applied pressure to her shoulders, signaling what he wanted her to do. She looked down at his cock between their naked bodies, and then up into his eyes. He didn't need to say anything.
She obeyed. She wanted to please him.
She sank down to her knees. She kissed the side of his cock, tilting her head, and kissed around the long thick shaft.
"Mandy, my little pet," he gasped. "Open your mouth and put it in."
She was shocked! "How did he know?" she wondered. "How come all of a sudden he called her his little pet?"
As he commanded her, she took the head of his cock between her pouty lips of her mouth, swirling her tongue around it. Sven groaned in approval and delight. As Mandy did this, she slipped a hand between her legs and her clit was already hard as a small penis. She rubbed it back and forth, using her slippery female juice as lubrication.
Sven pushed forward so that she would take more of his cock into her mouth. She felt as though it was getting bigger and harder each moment. He took Mandy's head with both hands and pushed his member deeper into her mouth until it seemed to stop. Lost in the moment, he continued to push. He knew that the next step would be to ram it down her throat.
They had never done it this "hard" before. It was as if they were entering new territory.
He continued to push and she suddenly had a gag reflex and stopped, pulling away. She coughed and her eyes were filled with water.
"Are you ok, Mandy?"
For a few moments, she couldn't stop coughing. Sven bent down and kissed her on her forehead soothingly.
"I'm sorry, Mandy. We can stop."
"No," she blurted out. "I'm ok," she reassured him and rapidly took his cock into her mouth again.
She stopped for a moment. She looked up into his eyes and whispered in a low voice, "Try and force it down my throat. I want you to do it. Please, Sven."
Hearing her say this made him filled with more sexual desire than he had in his entire life.
Mandy started once again to suck on his cock, moving her head forward as far as it could go. Sven once again took her head in both his hands and now pushed with greater force. When his member reached the back of her mouth and at the entrance of her throat, he once again seemed to stop. Even though her lips encircled his shaft tightly, it didn't seem that it would go any deeper.
This time, however, Mandy adjusted the angle of her mouth, and all of a sudden, Sven's huge cock quickly pushed through the impasse, suddenly moving deeper down her throat. Like this, Mandy didn't have a gag reflex. It was as if she learned how to open her throat to him and it was another sexual organ. Her throat had become another love canal to receive his cock. She engulfed his entire cock down her throat until her lips were kissing the base of his cock and his balls.
Never in her life could she imagine that she would be able to endure taking a cock like this so deep down her throat. Sven still had his hands on her head and now moved her back and forth fucking her mouth and throat. He slammed brutally into her, and she continued taking his masculinity completely in her new love canal. It was like a second vagina. Mandy was impaled on his cock and saliva collected in her mouth.
Each time he pushed his cock fully into her mouth, her throat would tighten around it, gripping it so much that Mandy couldn't even breathe. But the sensation for Sven was unworldly. It was as if his cock was being squeezed by her tight skinny throat.
The moment was so carnal and raw. They never made love like this. Maybe it was the power of the 'birthday suit'. His throbbing shaft twitched inside her throat.
But, he wanted her throat to squeeze his cock even more. He also wanted to feel his cock enter her new tight love canal. He grabbed her skinny delicate throat with his large hand and began to squeeze. In doing so, he felt his cock clenched even more. While he gripped her throat, he could feel his cock moving back and forth inside. He continued to squeeze even tighter. Mandy's life was in his hands.
Her eyes widened under his forceful hand. She felt that he would choke the life out of her, but for some reason being fucked like this so forcefully and brutally had made her more excited than any other moment in her life. She felt so submissive.
She continued to willingly suck on his cock, even though in reality she had no choice. The rhythm increased with which he pushed his cock deeper and deeper into her throat. Mandy felt that she hadn't been able to breathe for so long. At any moment, she would pass out.
Sven returned to holding her head with both hands while he fucked her oral cavity faster and faster. She knew that he would cum at any moment.
Suddenly, his body became completely tense and Mandy felt his cum explode deep down her throat. His body jerked several times, as she felt the huge warm spurts splash her insides. He had produced so much cum, that her small stomach had become filled.
They remained with Sven's cock still lodged deep in her throat for a few moments as he recuperated. Her lips were at the base of his cock and she moved slightly to kiss his balls. She could sense his cock becoming softer in her throat and he slowly dislodged it and pulled it out of her mouth.
He looked down at her and smiled. Mandy took several deep breaths and then looked up at him.
"That was amazing, Mandy."
"I love you, Sven," she said. In a moment of self-doubt, she asked. "I hope you don't think that I am a slut. Do you?"
"No, Mandy. You are the sexiest woman that I have ever known."
Still kneeling on the floor, she put her hands around his waist, pressed her face against his tummy, and hugged him.
"You are now my little pet," he whispered.
Hearing this, she hugged him tighter.
----
In this intimate moment, there was a knock on the door to their room.
"Knock, Knock!"
"Coming," Sven yelled as he walked over naked to answer the door.
"Sven, wait! I'm not dressed and need to shower! "
-------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 10: Birthday girl receives 21 licks
------------------------------------------------------
Sven had quickly picked up the towel from the floor and draped it around his waist. He then walked towards the door. Mandy didn't have enough time to find something to wrap around her. She began rummaging through the closet since her protests to Sven were to no avail.
"Oh, hi," she heard Sven say to whoever was at the door. "Please, come in."
Mandy couldn't believe this was happening. How could Sven invite strangers into the room, while she was still naked and with his cum still smeared all over her mouth? However, it had transpired so quickly, that Mandy didn't have enough time to ponder it so profoundly.
The next moment she knew, the two girls from the gondola were standing in front of her in their hotel room. Mandy was completely naked and her boyfriend, Sven, only had a towel around his waist.
"Well, you are once again in your 'birthday suit'?" the blue-haired girl said with a grin.
"No. This time she is naked!" Sven interjected, jubilantly.
If the situation were not so embarrassing, it would have been comical for the play on words. However, Mandy was in no mood for semantic theatrics. Instead, she glanced toward Sven and gave him a stern look.
"We brought you a birthday present," the girl with the braids said, holding up a bottle of Dom Perignon Champagne.
Sven proceeded to uncork the Champagne. After the large "pop", he quickly poured the bubbly contents into four Champagne glasses that the girls had also brought to the room.
"To the birthday girl!" the three of them said, raising their glasses. "And to her 'birthday suit'!"
Mandy in her "real" birthday suit, and still with small drops of Sven's cum on her chest and torso, forgot about her embarrassment, raised her glass, and took a sip to participate in the toast.
They stood around the room and talked about the day on the slopes. Mandy showed them the "birthday suit" that Sven bought her. And they continued to drink more Champagne.
"It is an amazing birthday suit," the blue-haired girl said looking intently into Mandy's eyes. "Your birthday suit is so sexy and I loved you in it."
Mandy blushed. With the Champagne, she felt that she was with Emma. Her nipples became hard, and the blue-haired girl didn't fail to notice.
-----
"As is customary," the blue-haired girl said, "The birthday girl should receive 21 slaps!"
"Oh!, she was already slapped," Sven interjected. "Maybe we can give her something else?"
"What about 21 licks?" the girl with the braids said, giggling.
"Perfect! That is a great idea!" Sven said. "But, she would have to receive and give as well!"
Mandy could not believe that this was happening. However, with two glasses of Champagne and all that happened during the day, her inhibitions were far lower than usual.
"Mandy, have you licked a pussy?" the blue-haired girl asked.
She seemed to be in the spotlight. She didn't want to admit the truth in front of Sven so she shook her head. It was obvious to see that she was hiding something.
The blue-haired girl stepped behind Mandy, put her arms around her torso, grabbed her breasts, and with her thumbs and forefingers pulled her nipples hard until her breasts separated and lifted from her chest.
"Ouch!" Mandy yelped. "That hurts."
"Shh... my little birthday pet," the blue-haired girl said.
At that moment, the girl in braids came in front of Mandy, kneeled on the floor, and started to kiss her bare mound. The mixture of simultaneous pain and pleasure was so exquisite, that Mandy let herself be taken.
The braided-hair girl lifted one of Mandy's legs so that she could fit her head within and suck on Mandy's large clit.
"Your clit is like a penis," the girl said in amazement. "Gosh, it is the sexiest thing I have ever seen in my life."
She put it between her young lips and sucked on it and flicked it with her tongue. Then, she ran her tongue along Mandy's slit, tasting her flowing juices.
While the girl licked her pussy, the blue-haired girl continued to pinch and pull her nipples. She also kissed the back of Mandy's neck and behind her ears. Pain, pleasure, and now the sensation of small tickles were driving her mad and she got goosebumps.
After several moments, they moved her toward the bed.
"Let's get the birthday girl on her back and give her the 21 licks," the blue-haired girl said.
When Mandy was on the bed, the braided-hair girl seemed to disappear for a moment but then returned with a fancy red bag from a shop.
"We bought you some other gifts," they said to Mandy.
On her back, even in her state, she wondered how the girls knew ahead of time that it was her birthday. "Did they have enough time after skiing to go to town and buy her gifts?"
The braided-hair girl reached into the bag and pulled out the contents. She showed them to Mandy still lying on her back on the bed.
"Do you like your presents?"
They were hand and ankle cuffs that could be fastened together.
They distributed the cuffs amongst the three of them and proceeded to attach them to Mandy. In seconds, Mandy's ankles and wrists were cuffed and attached together, forcing her legs up and her legs spread out.
"You are so beautiful like this," Sven said, looking down at her. "Now, our birthday pet will receive 21 licks from each of us, and then she will have to give 21 licks to the both of you!"
---
Sven started. He pulled her body to the edge of the bed and knelt on the floor. Her pussy was completely exposed and she couldn't move or protect herself since she was fastened like that. He started to lick her, running his tongue from her small pink anus to her penis-like clit.
"One!....," they all chanted.
"Two...," they counted.
This continued until all three had finished licking Mandy. Each had given her 21 licks.
---
"And now, the birthday girl has to give 21 licks to her new friends," Sven said.
Mandy was in a complete daze of sexual lust. She could no longer hide her lesbian tendency in front of Sven. She really wanted to lick the two girls.
But, being fastened, "how could she do it?" she thought.
She didn't need to think too long about this. Suddenly, the blue-haired girl had straddled Mandy's face. Mandy looked up and the girl's hairy pussy, also tinted blue, was right in front of her nose.
Her smell was strong. She smelled a bit like unwashed pee and a musky woman odor of arousal. To Mandy, it was intoxicating. The girl teased her. She moved back and forth, but out of Mandy's reach. Whenever Mandy tried to lick her, she moved her pussy out of reach.
"You want to taste my cunt, don't you, my little birthday pet?" the girl mocked her.
Mandy's frustrated attempts only made the blue-haired girl tease her more.
At that moment, Mandy felt something enter her pussy. Someone had inserted an egg into her depths. At first, she was startled, but her pussy was so slippery that with some effort, her vagina yielded and accepted it deep within her.
Finally, the blue-haired girl lowered herself down onto Mandy's mouth. In a motion, she rubbed her labia over Mandy's nose and then down on her mouth.
As the blue-haired girl ran her pussy over Mandy's face, nose, and mouth, they all chanted, "One!..."
Just then, the egg inside her pussy came to life with a sudden vibration. It shook the inside of her abdomen as if she had been jolted with electricity.
She waited a few moments, and during that time, the egg stopped vibrating.
Then, they all shouted, "Two..."
The blue-haired girl once again rubbed her pussy slowly over Mandy's face, starting from her forehead, running down her nose, and then finally on her mouth. When she began the long slow stroke of her pussy over Mandy's face, the egg once again started to vibrate wildly inside Mandy's womanhood, sending shocks throughout her abdomen.
Each time the girl's pussy rubbed all over Mandy's face, she covered her in her female juice. The girl's smell was strong and pungent as if she had just urinated. But, this only aroused Mandy even more.
This process continued until the 21st lick. Then, the braided-haired girl took the blue-haired girl's place and the process started all over again.
"One..."
Just like the blue-haired girl, the braided-haired girl rubbed her pussy slowly over Mandy's face. However, she was far more vocal and was already at the point of orgasm.
"Mhm..." she sighed as she felt Mandy's tongue begin to lick her wet pussy. She seemed accustomed to having another woman do this!
"Oooh, yes, lick me, oh yes! Lick me, you little sexy pet! You are so beautiful and sexy..." she moaned as Mandy found her clit and swirled her tongue around it.
"Two...."
"Oh damn, I could fall in love with you, Mandy. That feels so good," the braided-haired girl moaned, pressing Mandy's mouth firmly onto her pussy.
Mandy flicked her tongue over the girl's clit while her hands and legs were bound.
--
Finally, towards the end of Mandy's "birthday licking", the braided-hair girl was at the point of orgasm.
"Twenty...."
"Gosh, I'm coming!" she screamed as her cunt erupted and a long steady stream of her juices splattered all over Mandy's face and into her mouth.
"Twenty-one!"
When the braided-haired girl orgasmed, Mandy felt her own shattering orgasm overtake her. The combination of the egg buzzing inside her, someone rubbing her clitoris, and the girl squirting all over her face was too much. Wave after wave of shocks rippled through her body.
At that moment, all three of them wished her a Happy Birthday. While she was still bound, they took turns kissing her on her mouth.
-----------------------------
It was time for the girls to leave. Mandy was still naked, although they had removed her ankle and wrist cuffs. She and Sven accompanied them to the door.
"Thank you so much for the impromptu birthday party," Mandy said to the two girls.
Of course, it was an understatement to call this a birthday party. It was the most sexual moment of Mandy's life -- sex with two girls and her boyfriend at the same time.
"Thank you," the blue-haired girl said. "We had been looking forward to this for a while."
This last comment caught Mandy by surprise. What could she have meant by that? But, it was so late and she was so tired, maybe she heard her wrong.
They said good night and the girls left. Mandy and Sven were finally once again alone in their hotel room.
----
Sven took Mandy's thin naked body in his arms.
"Mandy, I hope you had the best 21st birthday possible."
She smiled and hugged him tightly, resting her cheek against his large chest.
"I did. It was very embarrassing in my "birthday suit" at times, but definitely, one that I will never forget."
They hugged.
"Sven?"
"Yeah?"
"What did the blue-haired girl mean?"
"What?"
"She said that she had been looking forward to my birthday."
"Did she?"
"Tell me, Sven."
"Ok. Mandy. I will tell you. You must promise not to be angry or to become sad."
He went and retrieved another package. It was another gift box. The box was elegant and black. It seemed to be from an expensive store.
"This is for you from a dear friend of yours."
Mandy was perplexed. Who could her "dear friend" possibly be? Then, she felt a sudden pang. "It couldn't be?"
She opened the box. Inside, the contents were covered by tissue paper, but on top of the paper, there was a letter. On the envelope, the writing said:
"To my dear Mandy."
Mandy's heart sank. She had a premonition. But, how could it be?
She opened it. Her hands were shaking.
"Dear Mandy, I am sorry that I can't be with you on your 21st birthday. You can't imagine how much I would have liked to. But, you know how this is just impossible now. Since I cannot be there, I have tried to do the next best thing. The blue-haired girl was supposed to be me. And the other girl represented Bela. They are my friends and agreed to do this for me. It was more than sex. They are good people and when you think of what happened, I hope you think that you made love to me just one last time.
You are now grown and it is time for you to be set free. I am sure you will find happiness that has been so elusive in your life.
Also, I hope you like the gift that I am giving you. I once told you that you were my pet. And you were. It was your biggest fantasy. Now, I am setting you free.
From this point, you can be the sexual pet of anyone you wish.
I will love you always, Emma."
----
A tear fell from Mandy's eyes and she looked up at Sven in disbelief.
"You knew all along about the girls?"
"Yes."
"But, ... how?"
"Don't be angry. She wanted to set you free. And, she wanted you to have a remarkable 21st birthday. She planned all of it. I only helped with the execution of the trip."
He paused, "And, I really love you."
She leaned and kissed him.
"How did you know about Emma?"
"She contacted me. Before... well, before," he couldn't get himself to say the word. It didn't need to be said.
"She loved you very much, Mandy. She told me that."
Mandy's eyes turned red and she began to cry.
"Don't cry. She wanted you to be happy. Especially today."
He caught the large tear that fell from her eye.
"Besides, you still haven't opened her gift."
Mandy peeled back the tissue paper. She couldn't believe her eyes. Her nipples immediately became hard despite the sadness that had overtaken her.
A smile managed to come to her face.
It was a collar and a leash. The tag had a simple engraving: "Mandy. A Pet to ...."
There was another note underneath the black collar. It said:
"To be worn always, especially with your 'birthday suit'."
--------- THE END -------------------------