*Note: The events are the author's own design. All characters in this story are fictitious. Resemblance to actual persons or events is coincidental.*
She left a message on his voicemail, nervously biting her swollen lips as she hung up. She cradled the phone into her lap, anticipating the ringing sound of his return call, and the voice on the other end.
3000 miles away, Mark subconsciously stroked the twisted cord of his office phone as he listened to her lilting voice pronounce his name, breathlessly adding she would love to hear back from him. The sound of her voice brought him back to that evening long ago, hazy as his memory was. He'd been enthralled by her vivacious laugh, tinkling above the noise of the crowded pub at happy hour. Her enthusiasm had caught him off guard as she leapt forward to whisper "good-bye," her golden eyes sparkling with spiced rum as she flashed him a knowing smile. He let out a little gasp as he recalled her spontaneity, hugging herself close to him, so he could feel her perfectly tiny nipples, erect through her thin dress. Despite her protests that evening that she hated to be touched, he had to have her. For the job opening, he meant. He was no longer paying attention to the voicemail.
As a new supervisor, this was the first time Mark had to hire for an open position by himself. And Kate had been in his sights for days. Well okay, years. "I need a shower," he mussed, glad he was the only one left in the office. He couldn't shake the feeling of her body pressed tightly against his, remembering how much he enjoyed the feel of her soft, full breasts weighing into his firm chest. Though she was tall, her sun-streaked hair had fitted perfectly under his chin; the short breaths of her trembling goodbye caressing his ear. He knew that she usually shied away from physical contact, yet there she was, anchored by his lanky arms around her wide hips, as if giving herself up to him. He'd spent too many nights alone thinking of her and that fleeting touch, wanting to know if she tasted like paradise. Her smell of orchid and coconut aroused him, as he longed to take each rose-capped peak into his sultry mouth, circling each wine-glass sized areola with his tongue. Now was his chance to have her to himself, to feel her next to him again. Side by side, bodies brushing against each other all day long, trapped behind that visitor center desk, both distracted with effort from ignoring the shared, brief touches that promised more.
Slowly, Mark replaced his office phone in its cradle, breathing deep and fast at the memory. He could still hear her voice echoing in his mind as he became painfully aware of the throbbing against his green polyester pants, now awkwardly tight, though they never fit well anyway. Somehow they always managed to be tight where they shouldn't be and too loose everywhere else. He was immediately glad everyone else had already left for the night. He quickly gathered his things and hopped into the car, wondering if he'd make it through the long, dark trek home out of the Valley. His whole body was on fire, sensation shaking over him, as if her supple skin was there, sliding against him, her pert, pink lips poised against him as he drove, languishing attention on his needy, growing cock. His hand went to his zipper; he was going to rip a seam. Taking the bulge between his fingers, he imagined her figure before him, recalling each curve as it hugged the lines of her own ill-fitting uniform. They clearly had never intended for someone like her to wear it. Her round breasts strained against the worn buttons of a borrowed shirt, her gold badge stubbornly protruding along the low curve of her left side.
His mind heady from the thought of her breasts bursting into his welcoming palms, he wondered how he'd ever gotten home. The 45-minute trip seemed only mere moments. He reached his front door and fumbled the keys -- he needed to clear his head, and his prominent load. He struggled to remember how a lock worked, almost chuckling at himself, for what she unknowingly did to him. Once inside, he was relieved, for once, that the too-short shower head only pumped cold water in spits and spurts.
"Employee housing," he muttered to himself with a grin as he finally stripped off his itchy, constricting pants. He breathed a sigh of relief, followed by a quick "Oh!" as he stepped into the shallow tub.
Kate's body coated his mind. He was desperate to know exactly what she hid underneath that uniform. He could see the outline of her figure like it was yesterday; he loved the way her little dress had accentuated her inviting hips and flat, but toned ass, as it descended from hugging her suckable breasts. But all he could handle now was imagining the pliable flesh that lay hidden underneath. The shower slowly began to wash away the day's sweat and dirt. He'd worked hard that day, hiking nearly twelve miles with a group of tourists from Kansas, to reach his favorite spot in all Yosemite. But the cold water trickling down his back couldn't wash away the dirty thoughts racing through his mind, making his bulge twitch in delight.
He quickly grabbed the fresh bar of soap and began lathering his chest, down his work-hardened stomach, and finally groaning as his slick hand reached to find his even harder cock, pointed out, searching for the one who had made him that way. He began to stroke the slippery soap along the shaft as he imagined her doing the same across the, what suddenly seemed unbearably wide, country. His skin warmed, even in the cool water. If only she was closer. Why couldn't the foothills of Virginia have been nestled between Half Dome and the Mariposa Grove? His fantasy had forgotten the now icy water gushing above him. He could hear heard her thick voice murmur "Are you finished in there Mark?" as she cracked open the door, damp with condensation. "Maybe I could be of some assistance..." Dropping her clothes to the floor, he finally saw her naked silhouette approaching the clouded shower curtain. He was lightheaded from the rush of blood coursing through his veins, down towards his full, pounding cock which refused to be engulfed by his trembling hands wrapped around it.
Back in her Southern town, the hot water beat down on Kate's back as she settled into a long shower. She moved tendrils of her long unruly hair down the side of each breast, allowing each nipple, barely the size of a pinky fingernail, to stand out against her tanned skin. She enjoyed watching her nipples become taut and firm as she worked out the knots in her neck after being bent over the computer screen all day, worrying. She'd have rather gone for a run, but it was dark went she went to work, dark when she came home, and bitterly cold in between. She let the water cascade over her, turning her skin pink and silky in the heat as she forgot her day, wishing that the drain plug worked correctly so she could sit in a foamy bath with a tumbler of booze. Or better yet, wishing she was anywhere but there. She began sliding her loofah over her body, allowing the familiar scent of her organic body wash to calm her mind; her knowing hands wandered, relaxing her tense body. She really wanted -- needed -- this position in California. This small town was closing in on her sanity; it was time to get away. She never spent more than a few months anywhere. She loved packing everything she owned into the back of her truck and driving towards the deep hued horizon, excited at the potential of a new place and seeing the country's most secret places along the way. But this stop just never felt right. The water was turning cool as she stepped out of the shower and glanced at her phone, barely registering the weak signal blinking in and out. She had hoped Mark would call her back about the job opening, but doing a quick calculation, the work day was over. She'd just have to wait.
Yosemite was a sleepy town of only a few hundred residents, but that evening Mark was having a having a hard time not disturbing the peace, or at least his roommates, erupting in pleasure. He wondered how he'd ever call her back without sounding desperate. The job he was hiring for wasn't the only position he longed for her to be in. Just the thought of her playfully pulling back the shower curtain had made his pulsing cock as rigid as El Capitan. He was inebriated with the feel of her dexterous fingers playing down his belly, towards to center of his thighs. His hands continued to lather his hard body, with the thought of hers tracing along in their place ... teasing him, flicking her tantalizing tongue between her engorged lips, smiling up at him with her smoldering eyes as she kissed his hard flesh. He took his time as he admired her, she was soft, voluptuous, but fit. Her heart shaped ass spread wide as she crouched lower to draw him into her amorous mouth. The park uniform really didn't do anything to show her off, did it? He griped, but conceded maybe that was a good thing. How were any of the visitors supposed to pay attention to her words if they knew what was under the shapeless shirt and outdated pants. Hell, he couldn't even pay attention to his shower. The water was now positively frigid, but it couldn't have phased him less. He needed to lie down, to think about her working under him. Would she take the position? He was concerned he couldn't offer her enough as he wrapped a towel around his waist, climbed out of the shower, and padded down the carpeted hall to his room.
Mark sat down on his firm bed, thinking of the voicemail he left for her earlier. "Was it too much? Should I have said that? Will it scare her off? What will she think? Has she listened to it yet? When will I hear back?" the questions came tumbling as fast as the words that had unexpectedly come spilling out of his mouth. But he wouldn't take back any of it. He leaned into the pillows as he imagined her reaction upon hearing it... a faint smile curling on her oval face, her moldable lips parting as she sucked in a sharp breath, heart pounding, cheeks flushed, from what he wanted. He scrubbed at the last bit of wet skin with a coarse towel, feeling the warmth from the wood stove embrace him.
Rather than putting on a pair of his favorite pair of sweat pants, Mark crawled under his soft, fresh sheets and closed his eyes. His heart was thrumming rapidly. He could hear it banging in his ears as he renewed his vision of her garishly long, slender hands gliding over his body, lips trailing behind, nibbling softly on his ear lobe, the crease of his neck, his nipples, and all the way down to his thighs, purposely not giving in to his wantonly tongue-whetted lips. He tried to imagine what Kate's stretched body would feel like in his hands, lingering above him, her soft skin tormented by his lips. He wondered what secrets she had to explore, his titillating mouth taunting her ... how much fun they could have, as he slowly, agonizingly, brought her to the edge. He reached down to feel himself pulsing, shocked at how hard he was he was again. "How does she drive me this crazy from across the country?" he groaned. How was he ever going to keep it together, even the pretense of being coherent, the next time he saw her? He decided he needed her immediately for the job opening.
While Mark hoped she would fill his opening the same way he wanted to fill hers, Kate's mind slowly wandered back to reality. Her shower had been warm, the throbbing water set to "massage," just a hint of where she had gone. She was just drying off the last bits of moisture when her phone beeped -- 1 new voicemail. "Ugh, crappy signal," she thought to herself. The phone had no record of a missed call, only the voicemail that must have been left because of it. She dialed her pass code as she began rubbing lotion onto her outstretched, toned legs. "It's him!" she realized excitedly. She could hear an unbearable need, lusting in the sound of his voice, the faint musk of him playing with her memory. She only listened briefly before quickly taking it off speaker. The walls of the house were thin and drafty, she didn't need her roommates to overhear and question her. The message played: "Hi Kathryn. You applied for a job here in the park, and I've got a position I need you to take. The other candidates just don't compare, but we need to act quickly. Besides, what's not to like about Yosemite Falls? I'll take you all the way there if you come. Think about it. I'd want to fill this opening soon. Please, call me back."
His digitized voice clicked off. Her heart was pounding, her hands trembled, "Did he mean it?" She reached down to pick up her cottony towel and realized, despite her attempts to dry off, she was dripping, soaking wet. At the thought of him giving her the position, her fingers slid down, rubbing a new spot that ached. She'd have to call him back in a bit. She laid there polishing her pearl, imagining how good this position would be for her. Her legs trembled at the thought as she kneaded her hands over her naked body. She couldn't take it any longer. She needed to let him know how much she wanted it. Now. But how could she tell him, it was nearly midnight across the Piedmont. She looked at her phone, and it dawned on her... should she?
Earlier in the week, he had sent her the standard, form email explaining the duties of the position she applied for. He had included his personal cell number in case she couldn't reach him in the office. At the time, she had thought it was a bit strange. What did she need his number for? She wouldn't call a supervisor after hours. After all, she hardly remembered him, vaguely recalling a night in San Francisco several years ago. Summer nights were always well oiled with copious amount of alcohol to smooth over the newness of each season's work. She had diligently entered Mark's phone number alongside the many others, for those "next time you find yourself out here" possibilities. Because you just never knew when work might take you through Murfreesboro, TN, Henderson, NV, or Yankton, SD. Or Yosemite. Now she knew why she needed it. She scrolled through her phone book, found Mark - Yosemite, and touched 'Call Now.'
...Ring...
What was she going to say? Did she even know? She didn't have a plan, but she couldn't hang up.
...Ring...
What if he didn't answer? Should she leave a message? She looked down at her naked body, her body glistening. Could she really leave a message as she was?
...Ring...
"I should definitely hang up. Now," Kate thought. But she couldn't.
...Riiiiiinnn -- "Hello?"
His voice. She couldn't answer. She was speechless.
"Hello? Who is this?" Mark didn't know.
Kate hadn't shared her number yet and he certainly didn't recognize the area code. Not that it would have given him much direction. Her phone number, much like her list of past addresses, old boyfriends, and ephemeral one-night stands, was only a flicker in time, a place she had had some nebulous connection to, but hadn't revisited in far too long. He sounded a bit out of breath. Finally, Kate opened her mouth.
"I need you to fill my opening," was all that popped out.
No, wait. That wasn't right. She was flustered. But on the other end, Mark wasn't thinking of his brain struggling to recollect the peculiarly familiar voice. He was more concerned that he had jerked to attention again. She struggled to find something she was supposed to say, her thoughts muddled with vibrations, slowly ebbing over her.
"I mean, I want the position, if you're still offering. For work?" Kate fleetingly wondered if she even had entered the right number... Oh, why had she called, why right then?
"May I ask whose calling?" Mark queried.
She'd been so caught up, she hadn't noticed he was struggling to catch himself, their breathing, over all those miles, coming hard and fast.
"Oh, right. Sorry, it's Kate -- Kathryn. I think we met a while back ... You were visiting friends in the city?" Kate was dredging up the past a little more quickly now. His voice had brought that night rushing back. "Remember, we had that horribly awkward dance at the bar?" Kate regretted saying that.
He did remember. He couldn't help but bring his free hand to rub at the throbbing between his legs, now parallel to his belly. How could he not have remembered? He didn't care how it happened, only that she'd been near him.
"Oh yes, of course! How've you been?"
The excitement in his voice called her back to the moment before she had dialed his number. Lowering the volume, she put the phone on speaker, so she could use both hands and purred for him, trying to remember something, anything, intelligent to say.
"Bad. I-I-I need you to help me..."
It wasn't at all what she had planned to say, but it was all she could think of in the moment. She heard the shuffling on the other end pause, and then get quicker. She wondered if Mark was working out, forgetting how late it was. Then his voice came back.
"Bad? I'm not sure I understand," he said rather breathlessly.
Little did she know, that Mark had been thinking of her as he laid there in his bed, phone next to him, hand firmly stroking himself. Little did she know, he had definitely not forgotten their first meeting, and had been looking for a reason to talk to her ever since. Little did she know, this entire job was just an excuse to draw her closer.
"What exactly have you done wrong? Don't worry, you can tell me," Mark added.
The way he stretched out the words made Kate writhe with abandon against her fingertips.
"I haven't been able to concentrate at work lately," Kate stammered, forgetting what they were talking about. "I just can't help but think about your position. I want it, really badly. Honestly, ever since we met I've hoped it was a possibility, and I don't want to lose this chance. I've always wanted to come to Yosemite. I just can't get my mind off of it. Please ... I know it'll be hard to bring me on, but I want it so bad. Please, give it to me? I want it."
Kate couldn't help it. A moan escaped her sweet lips as sweat beaded on her chest. She opened her eyes and looked down at her convulsing body. "I'm so fucking horny," she thought, "If only he could see me now. I know I could have whatever I wanted." She longed to tell him why she had really called, but couldn't. Not yet. She couldn't risk not getting the job and missing out on her chance to have him. Silence pervaded on the other end of the line. "Is he still there?" she wondered aloud. She thought she heard some faint panting.
"Hello? Mark?"
At the sound of his name, he lost what little control he had.
"Yes, I'm here, I'm here! I was just thinking about the possibilities of bringing you out. I'll be honest, I like what I've seen. I like your determination; I know you go for what you want. I like that in a wom-, -er, employee. I know you have a lot of potential and I was thinking about the different ways you could help me. With you under me, learning new skills, I think we could work well together. But I understand, a position like this needs to be mutually beneficial. There's no reason for this to be one-sided. I think that not only will you be great for my needs, but I can probably help fulfill yours too."
Neither one paused their fondling fingers long enough to question why the other didn't think it was more than mildly unacceptable to be discussing this so late.
"What exactly do you want to get out of this position? Please, be honest. I want you to be able to open yourself completely to me. So tell me everything you want, I'll wait until you finish," Mark nearly whispered. He wanted to hear her finish, make her cum. There was a long pause. Mark glanced at his phone, not losing pace, to make sure she was still there, that he hadn't dropped the ball, uh, call. Then he heard a soft buzzing coming from Kate's end. Maybe her heater was turning on? He thought he remembered she lived in employee housing...some of the older places hadn't been updated in half a century, and many still had oil heat. They made quite a ruckus throughout the winter, but the noise was hardly comparable to that which helplessly escaped from her lips. She couldn't help herself; she couldn't stop it, not now. She was no longer thinking about her career, or her phone on speaker, or Mark on the other end.
As Kate stroked her vibrator, thrusting it in and out of her drenched pussy, it dawned on Mark exactly what she had meant. There was no need for more words. He began stroking more insistently at his rigid cock. He was going to erupt any moment. Suddenly, he didn't care if she could hear him. All he could think about was wanting to blow his load onto the "O" of her parting lips, as they came. Together, yet alone, each listened to the waves of deep-seated pleasure rock the other to conclusion. Finally, Kate spoke as they panted in unison, trying to come to their senses.
"I think I would be a great fit for the opening. I'm really quite flexible and always willing to take things by the head," she pleaded.
Kate and Mark each half-attempted to recall what Mark had even asked, but neither really cared. They were busy pretending they didn't know what had just happened between them. Mark sighed contentedly, thinking of all he'd have on his mind when he got up in just a few hours to head back into the Valley for work. Delightfully naughty images came to his mind, and he wondered if maybe she'd text him some photos. How was he ever going to get through the tourists' repetitive questions tomorrow when all he could see was Kate, naked and glistening, on display for him only. His uniform wasn't going to hide his need for her luscious lips wrapped around his girth. He couldn't wait to see her breasts bursting against the stitch of her shirt. He wanted to see the V between her legs, so clearly outlined in those horrible green pants, damp with need for him. He wondered how quickly she could drive to California.
Finally, he replied, energy spent, "I think you'll fit here quite nicely."