Today I was finally going to pose for Neil as his private glamour model, and maybe, just maybe allow a few continental open leg poses. Who am I kidding, there will be plenty of open legged continental type posing showing my ass, pussy and tits to the maximum. My pussy had been tingling and fizzing all day, in fact all week, in anticipation of parading in front of Neil wearing whatever lingerie or kinky outfit he had chosen.
One thing I knew in advance was that he had a penchant for Stockings, Garters and very high heels so I expected they would be covering my body during the event.
He'd asked me on numerous occasions if I would model for him and my response was "We'll see!" But after spending over two hours with his cock driving into me, providing me more orgasms than I'd ever endured, plus my first ever squirting orgasm, it would be remiss of me not to pose for him, and hopefully get another ride on his magnificent cock.
I'd ensured my pussy was shaved silky smooth so wispy stragglers wouldn't be ruining the effect. Neil liked that my pussy was shaved bare when he fucked me, and truth be told he was somewhat besotted with my large firm breasts with the nipple jewellery enhancing the effect.
Today my pierced nipples had the the tiny bolts inserted, which encouraged my nipples to stand proud and erect. I dispensed with a bra as I felt it would serve no purpose as I would be discarding it for something more eye catching, so I decided to cover my upper body with a skintight shiny black long sleeved top. When I say skin-tight I mean skin-tight. The top was clinging to my body like a shiny black second skin.
My breasts were hugged by the skintight material, revealing the full shape of my large firm breasts and my prominent erect nipples.
Neil had bought me a pair of black leather skin tight trousers a few months back, after losing a drunken crazy wager and today was the first time I'd worn them. With my high heeled shoes and shiny black top, I looked like a curvier version of Olivia Newton John at the end of Grease.
Neil told me to avoid wearing underwear pre photo shoot to avoid any marks on my skin, as these would be evident during the shoot.
I followed his request and headed out of my door with no underwear beneath my shiny black leather trousers and ridiculously skin-tight top.
The tight leather of the trousers wasn't biting in to my shaved pussy, it was more of a delicate pressure holding my shaved mound like a firm caressing hand. The tight top was replicating a similar sensation as my large firm breasts swayed with every step I took. This caused the skin tight material to move minimally but enough to keep my erect nipples aroused. My breasts and pussy appeared to be enjoying their sexual arousal as I walked the short distance to the studio where Neil would be photographing me.
I could feel the stares of every guy I passed on my short journey. Some of them were rather leery and some of the looks were quite seductive. One thing is for sure is that I was revelling in the unspoken attention. The exhibitionist streak within me was relishing the attention as I overstated my sway somewhat, ensuring the guys were given an entertaining visual display.
My mind was wandering as to what lingerie Neil would have me wearing as I was parading around his studio. I'd given him my dimensions of 36F-24-35 and he smiled a very cheeky smile, telling me there would be lots of choice in style and fabric. He gave me a very dirty wink, which made my pussy tingle at the prospect of possibly some kinky lingerie.
I was now fantasising that once the photo session was completed, I hoped that Neil would fuck me one more time. Either that or I'd need to make a hasty retreat to the nearest lavatory where I would be rubbing the skin off my clitoris, so high was my state of arousal.
The tight leather leggings were now warmed up and broken in, clinging to my curvy bottom, shaved mound and long legs. The creaking sounds of the leather were a distant memory as my firm leather covered buttocks swayed with every step. The leather had crept between my buttocks, revealing the full shape of my firm buttocks. This also meant that my pussy was now wearing the thin black leather as a second skin, revealing my camel toe in soft sexy black leather.
A group of construction workers across the road, downed tools and stared at me as I walked past. I confidently smiled at the construction workers as they all to a man, wolf whistled, pleasing me immensely as I blew a kiss in their direction and continued on my way.
I walked down the cobbled lane where Neil's studio was located and headed toward the alcoved doorway. I pressed the intercom buzzer next to Neil's name and waited for a reply.
"Hello sexy. I saw what you're wearing on the security camera. Outstanding!" Neil said jovially as he buzzed me into the building "I think we have your first outfit already, what you're wearing is excellent!"
I walked into the brightly lit hallway and headed toward Neil's studio. The metallic heels of my spiked heel shoes clicked on the hardwood floor, echoing down the short narrow corridor. I tapped on the door as Neil eased the door open, revealing his dazzling smile. Taking a step back he looked me up and down, raising his eyebrows approvingly.
"I'm not sure that your body is actually legal!" He smiled "I'm sure there are laws against walking around looking that hot!"
I giggled at his laddish charm and stepped into his studio. The studio was not much bigger than the average lounge, painted completely white. There were two areas serrated by a large net curtain. One area was a mock up bar, with high back bar stools, the other area was a makeshift bedroom with a large brass bed.
"Do you like?" Neil said, smiling as he looked me continuously up and down, stroking every curve of my body with his piercing blue grey eyes.
"Yeah it all looks good. We could put both areas to good use!" I giggled.
"Well, miss you do look very sexy today and that will shine through in your photo shoot, but I want a horny, desperate for sex slut to come through the camera lens today!" Neil smiled knowing his choice of words would trigger something inside me.
On the few occasions that Neil has fucked me, he has taken great delight in getting vocal during our trysts, often telling me that I love cock and that I'm a dirty slut. Both of which are very true!
Neil stepped closer to me, almost pinning me to the wall as he smoothed his right hand down the front of my skin-tight leather trousers, pressing the leather against the smooth shaved flesh of my pussy. My lips parted as my mouth opened to let out a long sexual moan. Neil rubbed my leather clad pussy in a slow sensual rhythm. My back arched as I thrust my pussy onto his hand, which in turn helped thrust my huge tits forward.
"So are you all shaved with no underwear marks?" Neil enquirer professionally.
"All as requested, but you're making me so horny we may have to forego the photo shoot and just have you fuck me instead!" I panted with excitement.
"We'll do the photo shoot to get you all worked up then we'll fuck each other senseless!" Neil smiled, still rubbing my leather clad cunt.
"Worked up!" I laughed "My pussy is almost biting the top of my leg!"
Neil giggled and brushed his seductive lips gently across my own. His tongue flicked my own slow and deliberately, tickling my lips with the tip of his tongue as he closed his lips on to mine.
Neils hand went to my huge firm breasts and began roll the flesh beneath his palms. My nipples were proudly erect as Neil manipulated both breasts expertly.
"I fucking love your body!" Neil moaned into my mouth "I can't believe your husband let's you fuck other guys!" He breathed as he squeezed and aroused my breasts.
"He wants a set of the pics we do today!" I smiled.
"Maybe we can give him a video also!" Neil smiled a cheeky smile as he directed me into the studio.
I stood in the centre of the studio, between the two main sets as Neill picked up a camera.
"That tight outfit makes your body look dynamite. Let's have a few sexy poses from you!" Neil said, clicking away on his camera as I improvised moving around the studio. I was actually having a great deal of fun, showing off to the camera, sticking my ass and tits out, slutting it up for the camera. I undid the button on the leather trousers and smiled directly into the camera lens.
"I don't want you to take those off just yet as your pussy and ass look fantastic stretching the soft leather!" Neil stated, clicking away with the camera.
"But I'm getting really horny!" I pleaded.
"I want dressed in some sexy lingerie first. Do you want me to finger blast you before we start the shoot properly?" Neil offered, ever the gentleman.
"How can a girl refuse a finger blasting!" I smiled a crooked sexy grin in to the camera "But you'll have to do the shoot totally naked!" I insisted.
"That could be useful. I could get a few shots of you touching and stroking my cock. Maybe even get a few shots of you sucking my cock and balls and possibly some of my cock sliding in and out of your pussy and ass!" He grinned confidently.
"You bastard. You know I'm horny!" I moaned.
"You're always horny. That's why you're an unfaithful slut!" Neil smiled, knowing his words would arouse me even further.
"Fuck it. Come on and finger blast me, see if you can make me squirt again!" I challenged.
Neil put down the camera and began to help me out of the tight leather trousers. Peeling the sexy leggings off me, exposing my shaved naked pussy in the process, he eased my high heels off my feet to remove the leather trousers completely. As soon as the leather trousers were removed, he placed my high heeled shoes back on my feet. I stretched out on the bed, opening my legs wide and giving my shaved slit a little gentle rub.
"You've got to get those huge tits out also!" Neil giggled, watching me caress my hairless slit.
I eased the tight top over my bare breasts, revealing my choice of nipple jewellery to Neil. I slid the top over my head and lay back smiling at Neil, with my legs akimbo I looked him directly in the eye and whispered.
"Finger fuck my cunt and make me squirt!" I breathed, sounding almost breathless, such was my arousal and excitement.
Neil moved to the edge of the bed as I moved my pussy closer to him. He eased himself closer to my pussy and without any warning he held my labia open and spat directly into my pink wet hole.
My body shuddered with excitement at his alpha male move. His fingers slowly used the spit as lubricant, though at the rate of knots my pussy was dripping, this was unnecessary, though most welcome to a cheating slut like me.
Neil's index finger wormed its way inside my pussy as he gradually began to wriggle quicker. The speed increased until his hand was almost a blur. The sensation being generated inside my pussy were the sexual master strokes every slut desires. I could immediately feel an explosive orgasm building up. Neils hand just moved faster and faster, increasing the intensity in the build up within my pussy. I opened my legs as wide as possible when the dam burst and the floodgates opened.
A powerful gushing orgasm spewed from my pussy, making my legs shake uncontrollably as the creamy female ejaculate gushed up Neil's arm.
My arousal and need for sexual adventure, were at t heir peak as I panted uncontrollably at the enormous pleasure my entire body was experiencing. Things had only just started and I knew the crescendo would continue for some time yet, providing me with countless orgasms during my afternoon of sexual delight.
Neil wiped his arm and hand with a disposable wipe, then picked up his camera. My chest was still heaving from my explosive orgasm as he began to take photos of my face close up. My cheeks were flushed and my eyes definitely glazed as I smiled with a sexually contented look.
Neil stepped back from the bed and began to photograph my naked body. It seemed the most natural thing in the world at that point, to spread my legs wide and let my fingers lightly graze the smooth hairless flesh of my pussy. My long manicured nails, gently scraped the aroused flesh as I raised my legs upwards, revealing more of my pussy than I realised. The middle finger of my right hand had snaked its way between my very aroused labia, dipping into my hot, tight wet pussy.
Neil smiled as he looked down on me masturbating and said in an encouraging voice.
"Yeah babe, that's perfect. Stir your finger in your honeypot!" He implored "Let's see how a cheating slut likes to bring herself off!"
I stirred my finger inside my pussy as requested, raising my ass of the bed as I mimicked fucking my finger. Neil moved onto his knees looking level with my pussy.
I was moaning softly enjoying my exhibitionism, as Neil continued to photograph an unfaithful slut openly fingering her pussy. Neil indicated to me to turn on to my knees. I willingly obeyed and turned onto my knees with my ass high in the air, my finger returning to my hungry pussy. I dipped my finger in and out of my pussy and half turned my head back toward the camera. My half closed eyes were burning with desire as I wanted to show Neil everything I had, for him to use for his sexual gratification. I placed my left hand on my naked buttock and tantalisingly slid my left index finger toward my asshole. As the long manicured nail reached the pursed flesh of my pink rosebud, a sigh left my lips, indicating that this was arousing me more than I imagined. I dipped my fingernail into my asshole, opening my sphincter, as my finger stirred the opening to my ass. Although a lot thinner than a cock, both of my fingers were providing me with exuberant sexual pleasure.
"Finger both of your cheating holes slut!" Neil growled in a low tone.
My sexual act along with his derogatory words, flipped my stomach with raw sexual excitement.
I looked up toward Neil and a smile swept across my face. Somehow during all of this, Neil had managed to remove every article of clothing and was standing before me sporting a rock hard erection. His cock bobbed blissfully in front of me, the musky manly aroma causing my nostrils to flare with primeval sexual desire.
I moved my head toward the huge cock, still fingering both of my tight holes. My lips kissed the tip of Neil's erection as I slid my shrouded lips over the meaty head and blue steel shaft. My tongue swirled around his delicious glans, sliding on the underside of his hard cock. Neil looked down at me smiling.
"Suck my cock you unfaithful whore!" He smiled as he said this, hearing my moans of delight at his slanderous words as a sign of approval. I wanted to be treated like a whore. I needed to be used like a slut. These were the things I craved and Neil would satisfy my cravings deliciously.
"Sucking cock like that Suzi will make you a huge porno slut!" Neil groaned sexually as my cock sucking pleasured him. I imagined I was a porno slut sucking the cock of my film stud. My gut reaction to this was that I was definitely up for making a porno, but first my attention must be restricted to sucking this cock better than a cock has ever been sucked.
Neil was openly moaning with sexual pleasure at the sensuality of the blowjob I was performing.
"Spunk all over my face when you come!" I slurped "Then you can photograph my face blasted with your spunk!"
"Fucking hell Suzi! You really are a nasty slut!" He laughed "And long may it continue!"