Part 1


Well, it finally happened. A year after we went to Cancun together and had an incredible week of intimacy and nudity. We moved in together.
It was just a little two bedroom apartment, nothing special. But it did have a nice deck, where we could cook steaks and work on our tans. It was not 100% private, but close enough.
Unpacking is always a drag but not so much when you and your roommate are nude. There were no conversations or discussions about what we would wear. We both knew what we were comfortable with. We knew where the boundaries were and loved and respected each other too much to push against them.
'You been working out?' I asked. 'Your butt looks tight.'
'Ha. As a matter of fact I have been working out a bit. Thanks for noticing.'
'You're welcome. Your tits also look great. Just so you know.'
She smiled, 'Thanks, they are nothing to do with me, just good genetic material. But I'm quite proud of them.'
'You should be,' I agreed.
We continued to unpack, each keeping mostly to our own rooms. Seeing as I had travelled farther she had provided the shared things for the apartment. The living room furniture and kitchen utensils were the big items, but also an outdoor setting and grill. After a couple of hours I heard my name being called and went to her room. I was about to walk in when I heard, 'Stop, close your eyes before coming in.' I reached out for the wall so I would have my bearings, closed my eyes, and proceeded to her room. I was wondering what was happening. We had seen each other in just about any position possible, up to and including her coming on my face, so I couldn't work out why I needed my eyes closed. I kept going until I was at the doorway.
'Ok, now walk forward. Trust me,' her voice told me. I walked forward with my arms out in front.
'Keep your eyes closed,' the voice said.
I kept moving until my hand reached something soft and warm. I smiled, but didn't open my eyes.
'Your tits feel spectacular,' I said as I was squeezing them gently.
'Ok, you can open your eyes.'
I opened them and took my hands off her tits. She was standing in front of an outdoor sun lounge. Wooden, with an adjustable back.
'For you,' she said.
'Awww, thanks sweetie!'
'I didn't want you to walk into it with your shins so I protected it with my body. Nice work by the way, your hands happened to be at just the right height.' Then she moved forward and we shared a nice hug for what felt like a long time.
'Thanks for the sun lounge, and thanks for 2nd base too!' I joked.
She smiled, 'No problem. Happy Housewarming! I figured it might be time for a break, we've been going hard for a couple of hours.'
'Sold. That's a great idea. You're suggesting tanning I assume?'
'Yes, I thought that would be nice.'
We were already naked, so I went back into the house and got a couple of towels, at the same time she got a couple of shots and beers. Then we sat outside on our lounges, tanned, had shots and drank a beer. After that we just lay there. At one point she reached out and held my hand.
'I'm so glad you decided to come. I'm so happy. I know our relationship isn't exactly normal, but it doesn't harm anyone, and we are both happy, so I'm fine with it. What about you?' she asked.
'Well, a few people back home are a bit confused, but the funny thing is, no one really asks about exactly what our relationship is. I tell them we are friends and you are gay. No one can quite get their head around that. What about you? What do your family think?'
'Well, I think my family is a lot nosier than yours. But they don't really get into it. They know that I love you, that you are my best friend. They know I'm gay and you're straight. I think they feel a bit sorry for you though!'
'Haha. Yes, I expect so. They don't need to though. I like what we have.'
'Well, we should probably get back inside. Any longer we will need to put on sunscreen and I can't be bothered at the moment.'
'Good plan.'


Part 2


A couple of weeks go by and we settle into a routine. Our sex life was nothing like it was in Cancun, but it was nice to be around a beautiful naked girl and to be able to be free and comfortable with her. We had masturbated together a couple of times, and it was pretty hot. But then would go to bed in our rooms to sleep. Probably the only thing different about our apartment was that we went through a lot more towels than most people!
On a Friday evening, as we are sitting outside and the sun was down she asked, 'So......I have a question, and I apologise in advance for the late notice.'
'Sure, what is it?'
'Well, I just got a message from my sister and she wants to know if she can stay with us.'
'Of course, you know I love your sister.'
'Yes, I know it's not a problem, but she is arriving in about an hour!'
'Haha, I see what you mean about the notice. But no problem.'
'Ok, I was sure you wouldn't mind, but thanks. That brings me to another question though. Where should she stay?'
'Where ever. Doesn't worry me. I can stay on the couch if you like and she can have my room.'
'I can't ask you to do that!'
'You didn't ask, I offered. No problem. I'm always up first anyway.'
'You sure?'
'Of course.'
Later that night her sister arrived and we hung out for a while. It was already late, so before long it was time for bed. I put some sheets on the couch while she went to bed in my room. After a while I started to get fidgety. I realised that I hadn't worn pyjamas for just about as long as I could remember. Eventually I decided that it was ridiculous, I could just go and sleep in my friend's bed and go back to the couch in the morning like nothing ever happened. I got up and quietly opened her bedroom door. As it opened I heard a quick rustle of bedclothes. I walked into the room and closed the door behind me and whispered, 'are you up?'
'Jesus, you scared the crap out of me,' was the whispered reply.
'Sorry sweetie. I was hoping I could sleep in your bed. I can't get comfortable on the couch.'
'It was your idea!'
'I know, just a combination of the couch and the pyjamas, I can't get comfortable.'
'Ha. Well, I don't mind. I just need to finish something off first. You interrupted.' Then she pushed the sheets down and I could see she was naked and had her legs spread wide, with a vibrator still in her pussy.
'Haha. I thought I heard something when I came in, sorry about that. Please don't let me stop you. Do you need any help?'
'Actually, that might be nice. You can work the vibrator and I can work my clit.'
'That sounds like a plan,' I said, then I took off my pyjamas and got onto the bed. I sat between her legs and took hold of the vibrator and pulled it out of her pussy. I turned it on and started rubbing it against her clit, then I slid it up and down her pussy, pushing in slightly to tease her.
'Oh, that's good. I have to admit, I like you doing that. When I'm doing it myself I know what I'm going to do, but with you doing it there is an element of surprise.'
Then, to add to the surprise, I quickly pushed the vibrator far into her pussy. 'Surprise,' I said.
'Oh, now you're talking,' she said, And she started rubbing her clit while I was pumping in and out. The vibrator had a clit stimulator, but she didn't need it at the moment, so I made sure it was pushing against her butt when the vibrator was all the way in her. After a while I stopped pumping and just started twisting it around inside her. She looked at me and started rubbing her clit harder. After a minute or two of this she started twitching, and I held the vibrator in her, pushing harder if I could. She kept twitching, then slowed down, looked down at me, and smiled.
'Thanks for that, it was fun.'
I took the vibrator out and slid up to kiss her gently on the mouth.
'Thank you, I had fun too.'
'Do you need to finish off,' she asked me.
'Nah, I'm ok actually.' Then I moved and lay down next to her. She slid over and so I put my arm under her head.
'You ok?' I asked.
'I'm good. This is nice.'
There was nothing for a while, then she said, 'So, I have a question.'
'Anything.'
'Do you like my sister?'
'Of course, your sister is great.'
'That's not what I mean, you moron. I mean, do you think she is hot?'
'Of course she is hot. Great smile. Great eyes. Great tits.'
'In that order?'
'Umm, sure,' I replied.
'Ha, whatever. Well, I just wanted to tell you that I'm fine with you hooking up with her.'
'What?'
'You heard.'
'Yes. Yes I did. Just surprised is all.'
'Well?' she asked.
'Well, thanks for telling me that sweetie. I can't imagine it will matter, but thanks.'
'Ok. I just wanted you to know. I think that what we have is great, but it wouldn't make me jealous if you could get what you need from someone else. In fact, it would make me happy. And particularly with you and my sister, you could both use some!'
After that we both went to sleep.
It must have been early the next morning, maybe just after sunrise, when I heard something. I was in that state of sleep where I wasn't sure if it was a dream or reality, so didn't react to it. Then I realised that the door was opening.
'Hey, what are we going to do today?' the intruder to the room announced, and then flopped on the bed. The blinds were down, so it was quite dark, but as the light from the hallway seeped into the room there was a quick gasp.
'Oh, I'm so sorry. I wasn't expecting anyone else to be in here,' her sister said.
It was a sheer coincidence that I was covered by a sheet, but my friend's tits were exposed. It as clear that we were naked in bed together.
Her sister got up immediately and left the room.
'Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.' she exclaimed.
'So...... What now?' I asked.
'Shit, fuck, fucking mother fucker.'
'Shhhh. Deep breaths. We just have to deal with this now. So, what do you think her reaction will be if we tell her?'
'I don't want to tell her anything!'
'Yes, but we need a solution. She might be a test case. I was kind of thinking of this already, but what do you think of me telling her everything. Well, maybe not everything, but the basics. You know we can trust her. You know she won't judge. She has handled you coming out and still loves you unconditionally. I know it's scary but....well, what do you think?'
She hesitated. Processing what I was suggesting. 'What will you tell her?'
'I'll tell her that we are best friends. We have discovered that we both like being nude. And I'll tell her that we have become very comfortable in front of each other and that, last night after we all went to bed, I came into your room for a hug goodnight, and accidentally fell asleep.'
'Ok, that's all plausible, and I'm fine if she knows that. But what about if she asks if there is anything more?'
'You think she might?' I asked.
'I would if I was her.'
'Well, I'm fine with it. I'm not ashamed. I think she will be fine with it too. But it's up to you.'
She was silent for a while, clearly thinking things through properly. Eventually she said, 'Ok, I'm fine with telling her about the skype call that started things, and the sunbathing, and the strip club. Even Cancun.'
'You sure?'
'Yes. I am fine with us, I know she will be ok. It is silly not to, and it would actually make me happy to know that it is not just some dirty secret we keep between us. Yes, do it.'
I was a little surprised, but happy too. I didn't think we needed to be ashamed either and was happy to share with her sister.
'Ok, I need to get to get up and go to a dentist appointment,' announced my friend, then got up and went to have a shower.
I got up too and discovered her sister had left the apartment.
'Ok,' she said. 'I really need to go to this appointment. You'll have to deal with things when she gets home, unless I get home first.'
'You sure about that?'
'Actually I am. The more I think about it the more comfortable I am with it. There is nothing wrong with what we do and how we live. It doesn't hurt anyone. Also, I completely trust my sister, and it is actually a relief thinking that she will know about it. So, just tell her whatever you like, you don't need to wait for me'
About an hour later there was a knock on the door. I got up and opened it. Her sister had just returned.
'Hi there. You ok?' I asked.
'Yes, I think so,' and she came through the door. 'Hey, I'm so sorry about what happened. I didn't realise anyone would be in there!'
'No problem at all. How would you have known? Don't be embarrassed. I'm not.'
This peaked her interest. I think she thought I would be embarrassed or ashamed or trying to hide something.
'Do you have any questions?' I asked. 'We just talked about it and your sister is happy for me to tell you whatever you want to know.'
She looked at me with puzzlement in her eyes. Intrigue and curiosity clearly on her face.
'Anything?'
'No boundaries. I promise I'll answer whatever you like.'
She hesitated then obviously came to a decision.
'Ok. So, what is the relationship you have with my sister. I know you guys are really close, but I know she isn't interested in you sexually. But then, you've moved all this way to live together suspiciously soon after you went to a nude resort for a week in Cancun.'
'What?' I was startled. 'You know about Cancun?'
'Well, I was 90% sure before but now I'm 100% sure.'
'How did you work it out? Does anyone else know?'
'No, I'm the only one. I remember when she came home, I helped her unpack, and noticed that most of her bikinis still had the labels on them and hadn't been worn. Then I searched for the name of the resort and discovered it was clothing optional.'
'Crap, we were planning to leave a fake resort name so no one would find out.'
'Oh, you did that fine. But when I looked it up I just noticed the name and logo on the tag that was on her bag, then looked that up. Later I realised it wasn't the same as the one she said she was at.'
'So, you've known that for a year?'
'Yup.'
'Told anyone?'
'Of course not. It doesn't worry me that you went there, but I'm assuming you didn't want anyone to know otherwise you wouldn't have had a fake resort name.'
'Thanks,' I said. 'That'll make this conversation easier. The reality is that your sister and I have become really close, and, comfortable together. Last night was an example of that. After you went to bed I was uncomfortable on the couch, so I thought I'd go and sleep in her room and get up early so you wouldn't know. I'm not ashamed of it, I just thought it would make everyone's life easier. Unfortunately you are an earlier riser than me!'
'Haha, yep. That's for sure.'
'Anything else you want to know?'
'Well, I guess I'm curious. If you have been at a clothing optional resort, what option did you choose?'
'We both chose the option of no clothing,' I replied.
'Wow, what was it like?' she asked. With a little excitement in her voice.
'Honestly, it was amazing.'
'What did you do?'
'Well, we walked naked along the beach, sunbathed naked, we had to wear shorts to dinner but that was the only time we had any clothes on. Especially after the first day or too.'
It seemed like she was getting more and more curious about what it was like.
'So, what was it like?'
I smiled, 'What do you think it would be like?'
She hesitated, but then continued on. I could tell she was being honest with me. 'I think it would be scary as hell but hot as hell.'
'That is a really good description. Can I ask you another question?' I asked.
'Sure.'
'You've been to Cancun before, have you ever gone naked there?'
She looked at me, eyes the same as her sister's, which meant I couldn't help but stare into them. 'Well, one time I did, yes. Well, not naked, but topless.'
'The gateway nudity,' I joked. 'Tell me about it.'
She smiled, and continued. 'Well, I was there with family, but was at the beach by myself. I knew the rest of the family would had gone on a tour so I was out sunbathing by myself. I really wanted to bath topless, and eventually got the courage up to do it. It was awesome.'
'Did you get up and walk to the beach?'
'How did you know?'
'Haha, I didn't. I just know that was what your sister did. Very similar story, except she was with her girlfriend.'
'Really? That was a couple of years later I'd guess.'
'Her story ended with her and her girlfriend walking to the water for a swim. Past people, with their tits bouncing in front of them. How did your story end?' I wanted to push her, mostly because I was curious, but also it was turning me on a bit and she seemed to want to tell the story.
'Well, I went into the water and cooled off, then went back, put my top back on and went back to the room for a shower,' she said.
Did she want me to ask more about it? I was pretty sure she did.
'So it sounds like you went topless, walked around, which got you even more turned on. Then you went back to your room, knowing it would be empty. That sounds pretty much the same as our trip to Cancun last year.'
She looked at me, piecing things together. She was trying to work out what to ask next.
'Any other questions?' I asked.
'Well,' she said, 'I know what I ended up doing in the room. Was it the same for you and my sister?'
'Yes, it was exactly the same.'
'And you,' she hesitated a moment, 'had your own rooms?'
'No we didn't, we shared one room.'
'Oh. Ok.'
How much did I want to offer, and how much space did I want to leave her to ask by herself?
'Any other questions? You can ask at any time, it doesn't have to be now, but I feel like you still have a couple of questions left. What if I asked you a question first?'
'Sure.'
'Did you masturbate to orgasm in the ocean when you were topless, or did you wait until you got back to the room?'
She turned a bit red and looked away.
'Well, since you asked, I masturbated a bit in the water but was too scared to make myself come, but I did when I went back to the room.'
'Thanks for sharing,' I said.
'Wow, I've been wanting to tell someone that story for years. Ok, question for you then. When you were in Cancun did you have sex in the room?'
'No. Well, not really. We didn't, nor will ever, I suspect, have sex in the way you mean. We have discovered though, that we enjoy masturbating in front of each other. So we did that.'
She looked at me again with those beautiful eyes. This intimacy was turning me on. She didn't seem to know what to say. Eventually she gathered herself.
'So, is that what you did last night?'
'Actually no, I was just a bit frustrated to be wearing clothes while sleeping in my own apartment! I know that's dumb but that's the story.'
She looked at me carefully. Thinking.
'Well, that all makes sense. It's a bit surprising but it all makes sense. She's always been a bit of a showoff. I'm more surprised about you. You're always pretty quiet and shy.'
'Fair point, but liking being naked is nothing to do with being a showoff. In fact it is more the other way around. I enjoy it because it reveals myself to people and then I can relax and not worry about things as much.'
'I guess that makes sense,' she said. 'Well, what now?'
'What do you mean?'
'Well, as a guest in your home I don't want to put you out. I feel really bad.'
'Are you saying you are ok for me to be nude in the apartment?'
She looked at me, 'Yes, I think I am.'
'Will you join us?'
'I hope so, but I can't say for sure.'
'It is just being nude. With your sister and her best friend. It isn't a big deal''
'That makes sense logically,' she agreed, 'but I think it might be a bit more complicated than that.'
Then there was the sound of a key. It was my roommate returning from her appointment.
'So,' she announced, 'is everything sorted out?'
I looked at her sister, leaving her to answer.
'Yes,' she said. 'I think so.'
'So you know all about Cancun, the skype calls, sunbathing and the strip club?'
Her eyes widened? I coughed.
'Well, I knew about Cancun, but not the other things.'
'Crap,' said my roommate. 'I thought you said you were going to tell her everything?'
'The other things didn't come up,' I replied. 'But we did talk about our vacation in Cancun, about your topless walk to the beach when you were younger, which incidentally is an experience you share with your sister.' I smiled at her and continued, 'we talked about her walk to the water a couple of years earlier, and about how we all masturbated after we had our exhibitionist experiences because we were so turned on.'
'Wow, you guys have really been talking about everything.'
'Not everything apparently,' replied her sister.
'Well, me and my big mouth,' she said, and went to her room.
'Is there anything else you want to ask or discuss?' I asked.
'No, those other stories are pretty intriguing but I don't need to know about them now.'
'Ok, in that case I'll go and have a shower. And I usually like to airdry. Are you going to be ok with that?'
'Yes. Absolutely. It is your home.'
'Ok, that's awesome.' I went over to her and she got up. We had a big hug, which was nice. I was reminded of how big her tits are, which was nice too.


Part 3


After the discussion with my roommate's sister I went to the gym. Firstly, I wanted to go. But secondly, I thought it would be good to give the sisters some time. When I got back I didn't see anyone as I went right from the front door to the shower, but I half-heartedly yelled out that I was home. I stripped off and got into the shower, then started thinking about the fact that I didn't have a change of clothes with me in the bathroom. Normally it isn't a problem, so I just didn't think of it. Then I thought some more. I did specifically mention that I liked to airdry and she acknowledged that it was my home so I should be able to do what I wanted, so, I just kind of shrugged to myself and decided to do it. Part of me was just too comfortable with nudity now to worry about it, but I have to admit, part was the fact that my roommate's sister was hot and I was really intrigued to see how she would react.
I finished my shower, partially dried off so that I wouldn't drip water everywhere, and walked, with my towel, to the deck. I still didn't see anyone, until I slid open the door to the deck and realised that they were both outside. They seemed to be relaxing and chatting, and clothed, and had their backs to me as I came onto the deck nude. I said 'hi', and they both turned around and saw me naked, her sister for the first time.
'What are you doing?' exclaimed my roommate. 'Put some clothes on!'
I have to admit, I was a bit surprised. 'Sorry. Of course I will if you want, I didn't think it would be a problem.'
'Well, it is not a problem for me, but it is for my sister.'
'But, when your sister and I talked this morning, we specifically talked about this and she told me that it was fine with her.'
My roommate's head whipped around, 'Did you really?' she asked. More curious than annoyed.
'Actually yes,' she replied. 'I thought that this wasn't my apartment so it is your rules. I think it is cute that you are being so protective though!'
'Thanks for clarifying that,' I replied. Then I turned to my friend, 'I can't believe you think I would just do this without any clearing it first.' I walked around in front of them and sat on the other sunlounge, after spreading my towel on it I continued, 'Now, seeing as it has been made clear by all parties that this is ok, why don't you both join me?' I asked.
My roommate looked over at her sister, 'you sure?'.
'Of course I'm sure. And as for you, I've seen you naked plenty of times, you shouldn't be worried about me.'
'Ok then, it would make things much more comfortable for me,' and she stood up, pulled her singlet over her head, releasing her tits beautifully, then slid her shorts down her legs. She was naked in front of her sister and me. Suddenly she did a bit of a twirl. 'Ok, now it is all out in the open, so to speak. What about you?' she asked her sister.
'Haha, I was afraid you would ask that. Truth is, I'd like to, but not sure yet if I have the courage. In the meantime, and please don't think you have scared me off, but I think my load of laundry has finished.' Then she want inside.
We looked at each other.
'Did we go too far?' I asked.
'No, she's no prude and doesn't freak out about things. I think she'll be fine.'
Not long afterwards, she rejoined us outside, naked apart from the basket of washing she was carrying under her arm.
'It is not a competition, but if it was you would have the best tits here,' I teased.
'Hey,' my roommate said.
'Sorry, you don't agree?' I asked.
'Ok, I can't argue,' she said. 'You have great tits sis'. Pretty fine ass too.'
She turned to look at us and said, 'Thanks, I'm glad that someone thinks so.'
I quickly announced, 'Hey, I think so too!'
After that we just sat around. She finished hanging up the washing and it was fun to watch her. It is always fascinating seeing how the body moves doing simple tasks, when it isn't squashed into clothes. Seeing her tits rise up and down as she reached up to hang the laundry was fantastic. It wasn't incredibly erotic, but the intimacy was great. As well as that, it was a great introduction to that fantastic body, which was similar but with bigger tits than my roommate, which was more than fine for me!
'So what is it like masturbating in front of someone else?' she said, breaking the silence.
My roommate answered her sister, 'Well, I'm not sure how else to describe it. It is awesome. It is really hot, for me at least, to know someone is watching me when I'm at my most vulnerable. When I have the least control. In fact, when we were in Cancun we left the blinds open and the lights on after the first couple of days. We didn't know if anyone was watching, but it was hot knowing it was possible.'
'What?' she exclaimed. 'That's a bit more than I was expecting. Not that there's anything wrong with that of course. I thought it was just between the two of you.'
'Well, it started like that. But when we were at the resort there were, obviously, a lot of people around. So the exhibitionism became more powerful.'
'Was there anything else that didn't involve just the two of you?' she asked. Clearly she was curious and I was pretty sure the conversation was turning her on.
My roommate looked at me. She seemed to be asking me to answer the question.
'Well,' I started, 'There were a couple of other things, to be honest. You sure you want to know?'
'Haha. I'm sure. Are you sure you want to tell me?' she teased.
'Ok. Yes, I'm sure. There were two other things that happened at the resort. The first one was where we were naked around the pool. No one else seemed to be at the time, so it was a real thrill for both of us. In the end we both lay on our stomachs and came while looking at each other, just from the thought of being out in the open.'
'Did anyone notice?'
'We weren't really sure, but that kind of broke down any barriers we had.'
'Ok, you said there were two?'
'Haha. Yes I did. Ok, the other one was on the last night. We were by ourselves late at night in the pool. It started off with your sister sitting on the side of the pool, with her back to the main part of the resort, masturbating in front of me. That's been a fantasy of mine for a long time.'
'Wow, out in the open like that? That's amazing, I would never be able to do that.'
'Hang on, let me finish. So that was happening when we discovered a young pair of friends who we had met earlier in the week were watching us, well, watching your sister, and were masturbating each other.'
'Fucking hell!'
'Let me finish!'
'There's more?'
My friend interrupted for a moment, 'This bit is going to shock you more than anything else, trust me,' she told her sister.
'Haha,' I laughed, 'Yes, I guess it will. So, after your sister had come we walked over to the other side of the pool. The two friends came over and sat by the pool in front of us, and resumed masturbating. Meanwhile your sister moved behind me and masturbated me until I came.'
'What? You hate dick!' she exclaimed.
'I thought you would recognise that,' my roommate replied. 'Yes, I do. But the whole thing was such a turn on. And he had been so awesome. Doing it didn't turn me on, but doing it while watching the two girls right in front of me, and knowing how much he was turned on. Now that was something else altogether.'
'Wow,' her sister said. 'Thanks for sharing all that. I would never have guessed you guys had shared those experiences. I have to admit, I'm a little jealous. The freedom and trust of it would be awesome, I think.'
'Are you turned on by it?' I asked her sister.
She is immediately embarrassed, and turns red.
'It's ok,' my roommate says, 'talking about it turns me on. And it is fine if you are turned on. I know that it is not because it is me, it is because of the situation and the emotions it gives you. One of the best things about living like this is that we are ok with being turned on. We are turned on by different things, and, as human beings, we don't really have any control over it. So instead of being embarrassed, we have just accepted it.'
At this point I wanted to take a step forward. 'Feel free to say no but this is really turning me on, as you can probably tell. Seeing two such gorgeous women, and telling the stories we have been telling. It is exciting. What I really want to do at the moment is to masturbate. Please feel free to leave the deck at any time if you are uncomfortable. But if you are curious, that's fine. No judgement here.'
Her sister looked at me. She didn't seem to be going anywhere.
'Just one more question,' I said, 'when is the last time you had sex?'
'Haha, months,' she said.
'Ok, well, you can join in then if you like,' I offered.
I look at my roommate and she was clearly thinking the same thing as me. We both settled back in our lounges. She spread her legs and reached down to start rubbing her clit.
'Tell me what you are thinking,' she asked me. Though it wasn't really an ask, more a demand.
'I'm thinking how glad I am to be here. With my best friend and her sister. Being comfortable and uninhibited. It turns me on a lot.'
I start rubbing my dick slowly.
'What now?'
'I'm thinking of that last night in Cancun at the pool. I'm thinking about the two girls there and them having their fingers in each other's pussies. I'm thinking of their legs spread as wide as they could be, sitting on the edge of the pool.'
Then she moved her lounge to face me and puts her legs on either side. We just watch each other, lost in each other, as we usually are, but knowing that there was someone sitting with us, watching us, which gave things even more of an edge. Eventually I disengage from my friend's body and I noticed her sister. She has one hand rubbing her pussy, but with her legs close together. The other was holding and squeezing one of the nipples on her amazing tits.
'Fuck you look hot,' I said. 'Can you please rub the other nipple? I want to see your tits with both nipples hard. They are just about as perfect as I have ever seen.'
She did as I asked. She took her hand from her pussy and started tweaking her other nipple. Then she opened her legs up. Slowly. Shyly. She was looking at me intently. Looking in my eyes, then down to my cock, and back. I was doing the same to her. It was an awesome moment. Then the silence was broken.
'Don't come until my sister and I have come,' my roommate said to me.
Her sister got a puzzled expression on her face.
'She likes to tell me what to do,' I said. 'And, to be fair. I like to do what she says.' Then I slowed down my hand. Just slowly rubbing my nob with my thumb.
'How are you feeling?' I asked her sister.
'I'm so turned on. This is crazy. I've never done anything like this before. Not even with one person.'
My roommate interrupted, 'Hold that thought,' she said. Then she abruptly got up and went inside.
'Keep going,' I said to her sister.
We look at each other, a moment of intimacy.
'You look so fucking hot right now, and always of course. It turns me on so much to see someone masturbating. Especially someone as beautiful as you.'
My roommate then reappeared. She was smiling, which was probably due to the vibrator she had in her hand! She sat back down and and immediately pushed it all the way into her pussy. Her other hand was on her clit.
'Pretty wet?' I asked.
'Fuck yes,' she replied, and started pounding the vibrator in and out of her pussy She was rubbing her clit, and pounding it. 'Oh shit, I'm not going to last long,' she said. Then closed her eyes. She leaned back on the lounge and put her feet up, spreading her legs wider. Still pumping the vibrator hard, almost aggressively, and kept rubbing her clit with the other hand. I looked over and her sister was watching her just as intently as I was. After about a minute she came. A small scream came from her mouth, and a small squirt came from her pussy. She stopped moving, still with the vibrator in her pussy. Then opened her eyes and sat up, and looks at me.
'Still going?' she asks.
'Yep,' I replied, still slowly rubbing my nob.
'What about you?' she asked her sister.
'Yep,' she replied, slowly rubbing her clit
'If you aren't using that toy anymore you could lend a sister a hand,' she said, with a smile.
'Ha, no problem,' and she passed it over.
Her sister rubbed it on her clit, then started sliding it up and down her slit. She had her eyes closed and was comfortably leaning back on her lounge. Suddenly she pushed it hard inside her, and gasped a little. She started rotating it around while it was inside her. Rubbing inside her pussy and stretching it out. Then she started pumping it, just like he sister did. Pumping, still with her eyes closed. The other hand moving from her nipple to her clit and back again. At one point she opened her eyes and saw us both looking at her intently, gently playing with ourselves. She gave a little smile then closed her eyes again. Not long afterwards she came, her hips were bucking against the vibrator. She screamed out a little, but it seemed like she was trying to keep herself quiet. Eventually she relaxed and opened her eyes, and smiled again.
'Ok, you can finish now,' my friend said.
I smiled and nodded and started rubbing myself harder. I look at my friends who were still gently rubbing themselves. Their legs were spread wide and they were relaxed, just watching me.
It didn't take long for me to come, with these two beautiful girls watching me lose control.


Part 4


Then next day I came home in the afternoon. It was hot outside so as soon as I walked inside I took my clothes off. Without thinking, I just walk into my room to put them in the hamper.
When I walked in, my friend's sister was sitting on the bed with her computer. She was watching porn, I assumed, because she was naked and rubbing her pussy.
'Oh my god. Sorry, I didn't realise you were in here,' I said.
She slammed the computer shut and took her hand out of her pussy and put it across her tits.
'Sorry,' I said.
'Sorry,' she said.
I quickly left the room and closed the door behind me. Then stopped, realising how ridiculous I was being. I turned back to the door and knocked. 'Can I come in?'
'Just a second,' was the reply, then a delay. 'Ok, come in.'
She was there, still sitting on the bed, but now with shorts and a t-shirt on, a document open on her computer, and acting as if nothing happened.
'So, sorry about before, I didn't mean to startle you. But then when I walked out I realised how silly it was. Especially after last night. The shock of it freaked me out, but you shouldn't be embarrassed by what you were doing at all.'
'I know,' she smiled. 'I was still in shock when you knocked again and just instinctively put clothes back on and opened Word!'
'Haha, I did notice the ridiculousness of that.' Then I thought for a moment, and decided to go for it. 'So, what were you watching?'
This was a new boundary. Her sister and I had crossed it in Cancun. The type of porn you prefer watching is a pretty private thing.
'You don't have to tell me, no problem. There is no need to be embarrassed. I watch porn. Your sister and I watched some together a couple of times. It's a normal thing.'
'Really?' Now she was interested. 'What did you watch?'
'Well, the times we watched together were in Cancun. There was a Girls Gone Wild movie playing on the hotel TV. It must have been some sort of internal channel. We had always joked about those movies, and she knows I'm a fan of the franchise, so we decided to watch it. We watched a gorgeous girl masturbate, while we were masturbating at the some time. It was very hot. So, what are you watching?'
She looked embarrassed, but interested in the conversation. 'Well, I tend to like watching two girls together. I guess it runs in the family!'
'Haha. Nothing wrong with watching two girls together. It doesn't mean you are gay. It just so happens that is my favourite porn too. Can I see what you were watching?' I asked.
She hesitated a moment, then reached to the computer. She maximized the browser and a video of two girls kissing immediately started up. She looked up at me then back to the computer. I came a bit closer to see the video more easily.
'They are hot,' I said. 'I can see why you would want to masturbate to them. You can go back to it if you like.'
'Well, I'm not sure that would be a good idea.'
'Why not? The video is hot, you clearly wanted to masturbate just 3 minutes ago.'
'Well, you would know what I was doing. I would feel self-conscious,' she explained.
I smiled. 'I guess that is true. What if I stayed and joined you. I'm not going to lie, if I knew you were in here masturbating then I would be doing it too! Also, we did do it all together last night, so it is not like I haven't seen you before.'
At this point I was starting to get hard. Seeing as I was standing naked just next to her, she noticed too. I knelt down on the ground and took her hand. 'This is completely up to you and I don't want you to feel any pressure at all, but I will tell you what I want to do. I think you are an incredibly sexy woman. I don't love you in the same way I love your sister, but you definitely turn me on. Right now I would like to lie on this bed with you and watch porn. I'd like to watch you masturbate and come. And I'd like you to see me to the same. I think it would turn you on and I know it will turn me on. What do you think?'
She looked at me again, then back to the screen, where the two girls were now topless and were rubbing each other's tits. 'Jesus this is weird. But it's hot too.' Then she got off the bed and stood up. She looked at me hesitantly.
'Go on,' I said. 'At the moment I'm the only naked one in the room.'
She smiled, still a little embarrassed, then took off her shirt.
'You have spectacular boobs. You know that, right?'
She smiled. 'Thanks. I do kinda like them. They get in the way a bit but it's fun to use them to get what I want.'
'Haha. That is great to know. I always think your sister wastes so many opportunities by wearing baggy t-shirts and hoodies, but I guess that is the uniform when you are gay.'
She laughed at this, which made her eyes sparkle and her tits bounce.
'You have beautiful eyes, too. Eyes and boobs, my two favorite things.'
'Thanks,' and she smiled again.
'But, I'm still the only one naked. Let's do this.' Then I reached out and took each side of her shorts. I pulled them down to her feet, and she stepped out of them. I was at her pussy level and took a look while I could. She was shaved, and I could see she was a little wet. She hesitated for a moment, allowing me a good long look at her pussy, then she got back onto the bed and slid over to the other side.
I got onto the bed and slid over near her. I leaned back on the pillows and focussed on the scene on the computer. I started rubbing my dick and looked over at her. She had tentatively started rubbing a nipple, still a little shy. After all, it wasn't night and there hadn't been any drinking involved, like there had been yesterday.
I was confident that she was happy to be in this situation, just nervous, so I thought I would take the lead. It amused me that this was the opposite of what I was used to in these situations.
'Spread your legs and start playing with your pussy,' I said.
She looked at me and slowly, then did as I asked.
'Lift your knees up and put your feet flat on the bed, then spread your legs wide.'
She did as she was told.
'Can I touch you?' I asked.
A quiet 'yes,' came from her mouth. So I reached over and starting to rub a nipple. As I did so she put a finger into her pussy. I was sitting next to her and so I didn't have the view of her fingers playing with her pussy that I really wanted . So I moved around the bed, moved the computer and sat in front of her. I put my legs under hers and slid closer. Then I bent my legs, sliding her knees higher and further apart still. I looked at her eyes, saying nothing. She returned my stare and I could see that her boobs were heaving more than before. She was getting more and more turned on.
I started playing with myself, watching her. Then I started sliding closer and closer, so that eventually our hands were knocking each other as we were working on ourselves.
'Do you want to swap?' I asked.
She nodded and took her fingers out of her pussy. I moved my hand forward and started rubbing her clit. She moved her hand to my shaft and started rubbing up and down.
'Are you ok?' I asked.
She looked at me. 'I can't believe I'm doing this, but apart from that I am very ok. Turned on. Just so hot. You have a way about you that makes this feel sensual, not just physical.'
'Thanks. That's sweet of you to say,' I said. Then smiled and pushed two fingers into her pussy as far as I could. She gasped, and then smiled, and kept rubbing me up and down.
I looked over at the video and saw they were now in a 69 and thought I would try my luck.
'Do you want to do what they are doing in the video? I'd love to taste your pussy. But I know it is more than I talked about at the beginning.'
'You have to be kidding me. Of course I want you to go down on me. I'm not like my sister, I like guys.' With that she let go of my dick, stood up on the bed and walked over to me. She walked forward and sat down on my face. She was looking down at me and she ground her pussy into my face. Her lips on my mouth and her clit on my nose. I stuck my tongue into her pussy as far as I could and she started grinding more. I reached up and started rubbing the nipples of her massive tits. She pushed hard and started panting. She kept going and going. My tongue inside her, She was rubbing her clit on my face, then reached down and started using her hand on it too. She started to tense and slow down. She looked at me and smiled, her eyes losing a bit of focus. Then she started twitching and leaned back. Her pussy was still just in front of me so I pushed fingers in it and started wiggling them around. She kept twitching and between my fingers she squirted a little from her pussy, which landed on my face. Eventually she stopped and I could feel her lying on me, relaxed. Then she rolled over away from me.
'Oh, why did you do that? I was enjoying that,' I joked.
She didn't say anything for a short time, then said, 'I'm so sorry.'
'For what?'
'For making that mess. I'm so sorry. I'm so embarrassed.'
At first I didn't know what she meant, then I realised she was embarrassed about squirting on me.
'If you mean the squirting, don't worry about that, it was awesome!'
'What? Really?'
'Of course. I love that you were so comfortable and hot that you came like that. I consider it a compliment.'
She looked up and smiled at me. 'Wow. It has only happened to me a couple of times and each time the guy I was with was freaked out.'
'Well, not me. Now, come back here.'
She looked at me, got onto her hands and knees, then crawled over to me and kissed me softly on the mouth. She licked my lips.
'Do you like tasting yourself?' I asked.
'I've never done it before, but I like it now.' Then she kissed around my face, licking the cum from me. Finally she kissed me on the mouth again, lingering for a while, but not using her tongue.
'Now I want to suck your cock,' she announced.
I smiled. 'Woah, that was assertive! Please don't let me stop you!'
'Nothing is going to stop me, I'm so turned on.'
'Ok, what do you want to do?'
'Well, seeing as I've already come and I owe you, what do you want?'
'Ok, you asked so I'm going to answer honestly. If you don't want to do it that is fine, but this is what I want. I want to be standing up. I want you to be on your knees, and I want you to suck my dick. Then I want to come on your face.'
She looked at me. 'That's pretty specific,' she said.
'If you don't want to, that is really fine.'
'No, I really do.' Then she climbed off the bed, taking my hand and gently pulling me with her. I stood there and she went down on her knees. She took my dick in her hand and started licking the tip with her tongue. Then she took my nob into her mouth and sucked on it. Her hand was rubbing my shaft, and tickling my balls.
'Don't take this the wrong way,' I said, 'but it is great being with someone who actually likes guys for a change. And who knows their way around a blow job!'
She choked a little for a moment, and took my cock out of her mouth. She looked up at me and said, 'Are you trying to put me off?'
I laughed, 'No, definitely not. Just wanted you to know that this is feeling great. Also, I didn't think it would be bad to slow you down a bit because I'm not far from coming already.'
'Well, that is the idea,' and she smiled and went back to my cock.
It didn't take me long to get to orgasm.
'I'm coming,' I warned her.
She took me out of her mouth and started pumping with her hand, looking up at me with those amazing eyes.
'My god you are hot.'
She smiled, 'I am very hot right now.'
I felt myself ready, and stiffened up a bit. I was watching her face as I came onto her cheek and mouth. Then again on her nose. I kept coming until my come was dripping down onto her tits, then finally relaxed and focused.
'Wow, that was awesome,' she said.
'Haha, I thought that was supposed to be my line. What did you like about it?'
'Honestly, I like the power dynamic.'
'Normally I'm the other way around, where I'm more submissive. But this was great, and you look so hot with my come on your face and tits.'
She stood up and took my hand in hers. She lifted it and took a finger to wipe my come from her face. Then she moved the finger into her mouth and sucked it clean. Then she did it again until her face was clean. Then she moved the hand down to her tits.
'Rub it into my tits.'
I didn't need a second request and brought up my other hand to massage my come into her tits. This was the first time I'd felt them and they felt fantastic. Much more than a handful, and natural. I leaned forward and kissed her. Then I leaned down to her tits and licked one of the nipples. I used my tongue and felt it harden. Then I took it in my mouth and nibbled. I did this for a while then changed to the other. There was a bit of an unusual taste on her skin, which I assumed was my come mixed with her sweat.
When I was finished I straightened up and hugged her tight.
'That was awesome. Thank you for trusting me,' I said.
'Yes, it was awesome. Thanks for pushing me a little. It ended up being much more satisfactory than just masturbating to a couple of girls having sex. I especially like sitting on your face and squirting on it.'
'I liked that a lot too!'
'One question I have though. What do you think my sister will say?'
'She will be happy for us. She already told me.'
Then I felt her hug tighten as she rested her head against mine and gently breathed out.


Part 5


That night my roommate got home and found her sister and I tanning outside.
She popped her head outside and asked,'So, does this mean you are comfortable with things now sis?'
'Haha, yes, very comfortable.'
'Very comfortable? That's an odd turn of phrase.' Then she looked over me and saw me smile. 'Ok, so does this mean you two shared something today?'
'Well,' I said, 'we came on each other's faces, if that is what you mean?'
'Haha. Touche! I didn't think you'd be that honest. But I'm very happy for you. And jealous, that you are out here, I think I'll join you, but shots first!'
She went inside and disappeared into her room. Then came back naked and got some glasses and a bottle of tequila.
We sat there outside, relaxed, just chatting. Everyone was completely comfortable with their nudity and the shots were going down quickly.
'I have a question for you two,' said her sister.
'Anything' we both said, at the same time.
'I get that you guys love each other, which is awesome. But at the same time, you are both missing out on sex with women while you are together. Does that worry you?'
My roommate laughed, 'Hey, I think I am the only one missing out, according to what you said earlier.'
'That is true,' acknowledged her sister.
Then there was silence for a while.
'More shots!' I announced, and we had another round. 'But something different this time. Boob shots!'
'Haha, sounds good to me!' said my roommate.
'Are you up for it?' I asked her sister.
'Well, how is it going to work?'
'Good question. I'm just the ideas man though. You guys sort through the logistics.'
By now we were pretty drunk and loose. I probably would never have suggested it otherwise. I definitely hadn't thought it through in terms of the two sisters. What would they think about doing a boob shot with their sister. Was that weird? Was it just funny?
'Ok, here is how it is going to work,' announced my roommate. 'With tits like these, we don't need the glasses, so we are going to do it like I saw at a Coyote Ugly bar once. I'm going to lean back and squeeze my tits together, then my sister is going to pour tequila between my boobs, Then you are going to put your face into my cleavage and suck and lick until the tequila is gone. Then you are going to pour between my sister's boobs and I'm going to suck out the tequila. Then, well, what can we do with you? Ok, how about this? Then you lie back and hold a glass between your legs, against your balls, and my sister will deal with that.'
We all looked at each other, a little nervous, but then silently agreed to continue.
My roommate lay back on her lounge and squeezed her tits together. 'Come get me,' she said. Her sister took the tequila and carefully poured it into her cleavage. She stopped when it was filled and moved back. I moved town and started lapping it up from between her tits. In between that I 'accidentally' licked her tits. She didn't mind. Eventually most of it was gone and I sat back. 'What are you doing?' she asked. 'There is still some left, it leaked down my stomach.'
I looked at her and noticed there was a trail down her stomach. 'It looks like it is about to reach your pussy. You better be careful, it might sting.' I said.
'Good point,' she replied, and smiled. Then, looking at me all the while, she spread her legs wide.
I leaned down and started licking under her tits. I took them in my hands so I could move them around, tweaking the nipples while I was at it.
'Look at you guys go,' her sister said.
I over at her and she was sitting on her lounge. Her legs had fallen apart a little and she was rubbing a nipple gently. This turned me on even more, and I went back to my tequila.
I licked down her stomach, slowing down at the belly button, but quickly kept going and got to her clit. I licked around it and sucked it into my mouth. While I was doing this I reached down and pushed a finger into her pussy.
'Ok, I think you have got it all,' my roommate said just as the finger got all the way in.
I looked up but left my finger there. I could see that her sister's legs had moved further apart, so I reached over and put a finger in her too. We just stayed there for a while. I wiggled twisted my fingers, and no one said anything. Then my roommate took my hand and pulled it out of her pussy.
'Ok, that was great. Time for you sis,' she said. Then I took my finger out of her sister and stood up to get the tequila. 'Squeeze those babies together for me,' I said.
'Hang on, this isn't fair,' my roommate said. She has enough room to fit half a bottle between them!'
We all laughed, enjoying the moment, relaxed, drunk, comfortable and turned on.
Then I noticed something from across the road. There was a face by the window, clearly watching what we were doing. 'Hang on,' I said, 'don't look now but I think someone is watching us from the apartment across the road.'
Her sister quickly jumped up and started trying to cover herself, looking to see if she could see the voyeur in the dark. Neither me nor my roommate were concerned at all.
'Let's just keep going,' my roommate said, 'this is our apartment. I don't care if they see us. In fact, it's all good for me.'
'Me neither,' I replied. Then I looked at her sister and asked, 'are you going to be ok?'
Again, there were some hesitation while she was thinking it through. She had come a long way in the past couple of days, and I wasn't sure if she was going to be able handle this level of exhibitionism.
'It is completely up to you,' I said, 'but if you can decide now it would be good. Because the moment we have here right now is pretty awesome and we can just move inside to continue if you would prefer.'
She looked at me, and I could see the doubt in her eyes. But slowly she moved her arms from across her tits, even though they were barely hiding anything.
'Oh my god. I know I've said it before a couple of times already, but I can't believe I'm doing this.' Then she smiled, and her eyes lit up. She was ready to go.
'Ok,' I said, 'if I recall correctly we are up to a boob shot on our visitor.' Then I moved over to her. She pushed her tits together to capture the liquid and I poured into her cleavage.
Her sister came over and buried her face in her tits. I put the bottle down and reached down to rub her clit, while watching the sisters.
'Is it weird?' I asked, referring to the sisters and what they were doing.
My friend looked up and smiled. 'No, not really. They are just tits. They don't mean as much to girls as they do to guys.'
I looked at her sister who didn't seem to be paying much attention to the conversation, because she was focussing on her clit more than anything else. I continued to rub her, then felt another hand push past mine and, I assumed, push a finger into her pussy. At the same time my roommate lifts her head from the tits and said, 'Well, I've got all I can get. Anything that dripped down further will have to be yours.'
I looked down past the tits to her stomach but couldn't see anything.
'I think you got it all. Nice job. So, now I think that means it is my turn, right?'
I was still rubbing our visitor's clit and she was fingering herself. I don't think she wanted to stop but I was keen for the last part of our shots.
I got up and moved over to my reclining chair, then adjusted it so it was flat. I lay down flat, and put a shot glass between my legs, as close to my cock as I could.
'Ok, I'm ready, come get me,' I announced.
Both sisters came over to my chair. My roommate stood above me by my head while her sister poured the shot into the glass by my cock. Then she reaches her head down and starts lapping the drink out with her tongue. She licks my cock and balls as well as the drink. Then finally just picks up the glass and finishes it.
'Ok, that's better,' she said. Then she leaned back down and took my cock in her mouth.
Her sister was still standing near my head. She was rubbing her clit while watching us. I said, 'I can help you with that if you want?'
She looked at me, and smiled. She reached down and kissed me on the lips, then stood up again. She straddled my chair and squatted down so her pussy was in my face and she was watching her sister go down on me. She pushed hard into my face and I responded by pushing my tongue as far into her as I could. I could tell she was rubbing her clit, though I couldn't see a thing. This wasn't going for very long before she moved away again.
'Anything wrong,' I asked.
'No sweetie, I love you, but it seems a little weird having a guy's face on my pussy. I know you were doing your best though, and I appreciate it.'
'Haha. Ok. Thanks for giving me a shot. I do love licking your pussy.'
By this point her sister had taken my cock out of her mouth and was looking at us. 'I have a question,' she said.
'Of course.'
'Well, I know you two guys do the masturbation thing, but, well, I'd really like to be fucked by this cock. Is that within the rules?'
We all laughed, and I stood up. I took her hand and kissed her on the mouth that just had my cock in it. I sat her down on the recliner I was just on and started nuzzling on her nipples. While I was doing this my roommate moved her chair so that it was directly behind the one I was on. She sat down and started playing with herself.
Slowly I moved down until I gave the clit a little bit of attention. Then I heard the owner of the pussy I was licking say, 'that's great, but just fuck me.'
I kissed her pussy and got up. I lay on top of her as she guided my cock into her pussy. I looked up and watched my roommate pushing two fingers into her pussy while frantically rubbing her clit. I could feel her sister rubbing her own clit while I was pumping in and out. We were all getting closer and closer and then my roommate said, 'Just so you both know, the voyeur from before is still watching us.'
'Oh my god,' her sister exclaims. She looks at me in the eyes, but she is way too far gone to be worrying about someone seeing her now. She keeps rubbing her clit until I feel her pussy grabbing my cock hard. She comes with me in her, but I haven't finished yet. I pull out and get up so that I can come on her tits and face again. My gaze is going from the beautiful face flushed from just having come, to the amazing tits, to my friend fingering herself frantically, while watching me masturbating onto her sister's face.
I feel it coming and aim for her. She is still lying down, and I hit her on the cheek. Then I aim down and get the rest on her tits. I'm struggling to concentrate on standing up, but manage to clear my head just as my friend's body convulses as she comes hard.
I lean down and kiss our visitor on the lips, with a little tongue, then I pull back. She smiles and takes her finger to her cheek, wiping up some come then bringing it to her lips to lick off. I do the same with the come on her tits, and she licks it all off. Then I lean down and lick her tits, cleaning them completely.
'Did you enjoy that,' I asked?
She smiled that beautiful smile. 'I think all three of us enjoyed it,' she replied.
'You mean all four of us, don't you? Don't forget our friend across the road.'
We all laughed, comfortable in the warm night air, the smell of tequila and sweat in the air.