I was less than thrilled when the university announced they were closing the dorms and that we would be finishing the semester online. I got it. COVID-19 is dangerous, and no one wants to be at unnecessary risk. Still, I was having a great time living on campus and didn't want to trade my cramped dorm room for my room at my father's house. He has a great house—it even has a pool—but I wanted to be with my friends and my girlfriend, not my dad, his new wife, and their new baby. I get along with Kayleigh okay—probably because she's closer to my age than my dad's—but that's not the point. The state was under a stay-at-home order and I'd be trapped there with them. Dad's house isn't that big.
Not gonna lie. Missing my girlfriend was a huge part of my disappointment. I saw Amber every day, and spent most nights with her, too. God, I was going to miss those nights. And not just the nights. There were the afternoon quickies between classes, the blowjobs in the stacks at the library, sliding my hand up her skirt in the bar just off campus. Okay, I'm a pretty kinky guy, and Amber has a body that just won't quit. She's tall, with a thick, athletic build and long brown hair. I swear, I think about her all the time, and so I'm horny all the time. Amber promised me that Facetime sex would be fun, but my hand was no replacement for that body of hers.
The second blow came when my dad told me Amber tested positive for COVID-19 and I wouldn't be able to come stay with them. He wasn't showing symptoms, but it meant I would have to go stay at my mother's. Her townhouse is substantially smaller than Dad's place. My room there is almost as cramped as my dorm room. I hadn't lived with my mother since I graduated high school. My summers between semesters were spent at my father's. I felt bad about abandoning my mother sometimes, but Dad's place was just nicer. Besides, Dad lets me pretty much do what I want, while Mom is kind of uptight. Mom took the slight well, but she constantly asked me to visit. I felt weird calling Mom and asking if I could stay with her. We both knew it wasn't my first choice, but because Dad's was off limits, but she was thrilled. I only had 3 days to be out of the dorm and she jumped right in the car to make the 4-hour drive to my campus.
Mom arrived on campus full of surprises. The first was that the old, reliable minivan was gone, replaced by a sleek convertible Mustang. I had a lot of good times in that minivan, from packing in there with my little league team to Friday nights hooking up with dates in the back once I got my license. I was wistful that it was gone. The other surprise was that Mom had a new look. She was always very pretty, and I know a couple of my friends had crushes. That never bothered me. To each his own. But Mom was always very mom-like. Lots of khakis and sweater sets that camouflaged the extra few pounds she'd picked up over the years. A sensible, I-want-to-see-your-manager hairdo. The Mom who jumped out of the Mustang was fit and showed it off with a tight t-shirt and jeans that hugged her butt. Mom still had curves, but they were tighter than I remembered—not that I looked at my mother that way. I mostly noticed because the guys milling around the dorm—also moving out—were looking at my mother like a piece of meat. They weren't guys with harmless schoolboy crushes like my friends back home, they were looking at Mom like she was a MILF. It was strange, and I don't know what to make of it. Mom had no shortage of offers to help her carry my boxes, and it annoyed me. Finally, the suburban mom haircut was replaced by longer, loose blonde curls. Mom used to hate her curls and always blew her hair straight.
"Thanks, Wyatt," Mom said, taking the last box from the arms of a big, buff member of the basketball team who'd never said 2 words to me before.
"No problem, Mrs. McClusky," he said, grinning like an idiot. He couldn't quite keep his eyes off Mom's tits while he stood in front of her. She didn't seem to notice, but I did. It was like I wasn't even standing there.
"I told you, call me Carol. My mother is Mrs. McClusky."
"Okay, Carol. It was great meeting you. Hope to see you around campus again when everything gets back to normal."
"Yeah, Mom doesn't get up here too often, but thanks, dude," I said, moving between my mother and the athlete.
"See you later, Wyatt," she said. If I didn't know better, I'd have sworn she was checking out his butt as he left. "I think this everything. I hope it is, anyway."
The Mustang was packed to the gills and I have no idea how Mom crammed that last box into the backseat. She was a logistical genius. While Mom was pushing the box into the car, a passing freshman slowed down to admire her round ass and I shot him a dirty look that said, Move it along.
"I think we're ready to hit the road, honey," Mom said.
"Yeah, let's get out of here," I said, suddenly relieved to be off campus. Amber had left the day before. I had nothing keeping me there.
I jumped into the passenger seat, pillows and bedding piled on my lap, while Mom slid into the other side. The sleek blue sports car rumbled to life and Mom eased it away from the curbside. She may have bought a sportscar, but she still drove it like the same old Mom I knew.
"You haven't said anything about the car, Zack," Mom said, as we left the campus behind.
"It's nice. I'm shocked, I guess. It's hard to picture you in anything but our minivan."
"You would have known the minivan was gone if you came home more. It wasn't our minivan anymore. It was mine with you grown and away at college and your father gone. I didn't have any need for that big old thing anymore. No more baseball teams to haul around anymore, right?"
"I guess. I just didn't picture you as a sportscar type."
"I wanted something fun. Is there something wrong with that? I'm not just your mother, you know, honey."
"I know," I replied, although that was pretty much exactly how I thought of her. "Is this your midlife crisis car?"
"Haha. Very funny, young man. You still have the smart mouth, I see. I am not having a midlife crisis. Besides, I'm far too young for that."
My mother was 46, exactly the right age for a midlife crisis, although I honestly didn't know if that was a woman thing or not. Not that she looked it. I bet she could pass for 10 years younger with her new look. Dad certainly had a midlife crisis. He left his family for a much younger physical therapist from work. My stepmom Kayleigh is like 30 or something, a couple decades younger than my mother. I know that stung when it all went down. If Mom was having a midlife crisis, it was understandable.
"It's a shame I missed Amber," Mom said.
"Her parents got her yesterday. Her mom is pretty freaked out about this coronavirus thing."
"Rightly so. I was happy to get you out of there. You should see all the new protocols we're putting in place at work."
"Are you still going in, Mom?"
"For now, but I think I'm going to start working from home soon. It doesn't make sense to go in if I don't have to. At least we'll have plenty of time to catch up."
"Great," I replied, rolling my eyes.
Mom only allowed her hurt feelings to show for a second. "You don't always have to be so rotten, Zach."
"Sorry, Mom. It really is good to see you. Honestly."
"Thanks, honey. I'm glad you're finally coming home." She patted my hand and gunned it onto the highway.
It was nice to see my mother. I realized now how much I missed her. I just wondered if I would still feel the same after a couple weeks of being quarantined with her.
*
Six weeks later, I was over missing my mother. What I missed at that point was my freedom. And Amber. God, did I miss Amber. I beat off in the shower almost every day, but Amber's promise of regular Facetime sex proved...problematic.
The problem was that my mother was always home. As she predicted, she started working from home about a week after I arrived. It was great, at first. Mom and I had a chance to really catch up and I began to see a different side of her. I liked this new, independent, single Mom. She had a great, positive energy. I also remembered how great her home cooking was. Mom was so happy I was home, she even did my laundry, something she forced me to do myself the last couple years of high school. We fell into a routine where Mom would spend the day working at the kitchen table, while I played video games or watched TV in the other room. We had dinner together and then often watched something on Netflix or Hulu before retiring to our bedrooms. Bedrooms that were right next to each other.
I snuck upstairs for some Facetime sex with Amber during the day a couple times early on, and it was amazing. That girl really knew how to get my motor going. She propped up her phone and did a sexy striptease for me, peeling away her tank top and little shorts. She thrust her cute, toned ass at the camera, split by the line of her thong. I was hard before I even touched myself. And then came the good stuff.
"I miss you so much, baby. I almost forget what your hands feel like on me," she cooed at the phone, holding it out with one hand while she groped her big tits with the other. She was on her back on her bed, holding the camera up above her. She pulled on her nipples and moaned.
"You know I miss those titties," I groaned, pulling my cock out of my shorts.
"Yeah? What would you do with them, baby?"
"I, uh, I'd suck on them. I'd rub them," I stammered. Even I knew my answer was kind of lame. Amber was doing it so well, slipping into a low, sexy voice, but I just felt like a dork. I knew how to fuck, not do this.
"Mmm, I wish you were here to suck them, baby. I'm sooo lonely without you. Do you miss me too?"
"Oh yeah, Amb. I fucking need you!"
"Show me, baby. Show me how much you miss me."
I'm not stranger to dick pix, so I was fine flashing my dick to the camera. I stroked it as I showed it off to Amber, wanting to give the best possible showing.
"Mmm, I miss that. I need to feel you inside me. Get it good and hard for me, baby. Show me what you would give me if I was there."
I stroked my cock faster, trying to crane my neck at an angle where I could keep the phone pointed at my dick, but still see Amber on the phone. Her phone was still pointed at her tits and face, but her hand was gone. I wanted to see where it went.
"Are you touching it, Amb?"
"Mmmhmm," she moaned, nodding. "I'm pretending my fingers are your big dick. I need your big dick in me. If I was there, would you stick it in me, baby?"
"You know it, Amb! I'd fuck you so fucking hard!"
"Ahh...yeah... I need you to fuck me, baby. Fuck me hard!"
Amber's sexy moans went right through me. It felt like my whole body was tensing, focusing my energy in my balls. She wasn't going to have to do much more to get me to pop off. Amber finally tilted the phone down and showed me her pussy. She had three fingers pounding in and out of her smooth cunt. The phone picked up the sound of her pussy squishing around her fingers. My cock surged and I groaned.
"Fuck, Amb. That's hot. Oh fuck, Amb. That's fucking hot."
"Fuck me, baby. Fuck me with your big dick! Ahh...yeah! Yeah! I need you! Fuck me! Ahh...ahhh...yeah...yeah...YEAH!
I saw my girlfriend coming hundreds of miles away, and it was so hot I exploded. Cum arced up out of my dick and splattered down on my thighs. It was so intense I almost shouted. I nearly forgot my mother was downstairs. I remembered at the last second and turned my face into the pillow as I bellowed.
So yeah, Facetime sex with Amber was awesome. Not as good as fucking, but it was hot in a different way. Except for looking at porn on the internet, I'd never watched a girl do that before. And it was so much hotter when it was my girl. Funny, I'd never thought about Amber doing that, but I guess she's as horny as me and she can get herself off just like I can. I gradually became bolder over the next few sessions, and Amber excitedly did everything I asked. She was eager to take direction from me, and I found it hot to tell her what to do. I couldn't wait to see her again and try some of my new bossiness on her.
And then, about a month in, it suddenly wasn't so great. We were right in the middle of it one afternoon, me pumping my cock and Amber fucking herself with a hairbrush handle like I ordered her to do, when her father knocked and entered her bedroom with hardly a pause. Amber shrieked and twisted to face the wall, scrambling to pull the covers over her nude body. Her dad fumbled and withdrew. I have no idea what he saw or suspected, but the episode left Amber so paranoid that Facetime sex was off for at least a week. When she finally did want to try it again, it had to be at night when her parents were already in bed.
We started out okay, but then I could hear the TV in Mom's bedroom through wall. As I said, her townhouse is on the small side, and our bedrooms were smack up against each other on the second floor and the walls were thin. It sounded like Mom was watching the home shopping channel and she had it cranked really loud.
I tried to screen out the noise and continue on with Amber, but then it started getting into my head. I worried that if I could hear the TV so well, then Mom could hear me. I got quieter and quieter, until Amber complained she couldn't hear me. I tried to get her to do all the talking, but she kept prompting me to respond. I tried my damnedest, but I couldn't get out of my head I couldn't get over my mother being in the room right next to me. My dick began to slowly deflate.
Amber took it personally, even when I told her it wasn't her fault. I promised I'd make it up to her, but when we tried it again I had the same problem. Mom's TV wasn't turned up, but that just made me more paranoid. At least the TV might've hidden whatever sound I made. I just couldn't do it with my mother in the bedroom next to me. Amber wouldn't do it during the day. We were at an impasse. Just like that, I lost the one thing keeping me sane.
I blamed my mother, even though it wasn't really her fault. I desperately wanted her to get out of the house, even though there was nowhere for her to go. The walls started closing in on me. I took long walks during the day. I started snapping at Mom, even though it wasn't really her fault. We stopped hanging out together as much, even though we were trapped together in that small townhouse. And then everything changed again.
*
I was lying in bed feeling particularly guilty about how nasty I was to my mother that night. She was bright and cheerful during dinner, but I was sullen and withdrawn. She kept reaching out and I kept slapping her back. Mom hit the wine hard that night, probably because I was being such a dick. I realized I had to get over myself. It wasn't her fault I was going crazy from no sex. I owed Mom an apology.
I knew she was still up because I heard the TV blaring from her room. I rolled out of bed and walked the short distance to her bedroom door, but I paused before I knocked. Admitting I'm wrong has never been easy, and I had a sudden urge to retreat. I stood my ground and raised my hand to knock on her door, but a weird little sound stopped me dead. I swore that under the sound of the TV, I heard my mother moaning.
I had to be hallucinating. It couldn't be what I thought it was. I stopped breathing, straining to hear. The TV was very loud, and I couldn't be sure it was what I thought. I just about convinced myself I misheard it when there was a lull in the TV, and I heard it again. Heard it loud and clear this time. In that gap in the talking on the TV, I heard my mother moan loud and clear.
My head spun. I tried to tell myself she'd fallen asleep and she was dreaming, as unlikely as that was with the TV so loud. I kept straining, and I heard it again, and again. It was definitely my mother moaning, and they were moans of pleasure. I've been with enough girls to know what it sounds like when they're getting off. It was like heavy breathing, punctured by whimpers.
"Uhnn...uhnn...mmm...mmm...yeah...yeah...mmm...oooo...uhnn...uhnn..."
Yeah, that was my mother getting off right on the other side of that door. I should have run away and washed my ears out with bleach. I should have tried to think of baseball and flush it from my brain. But I didn't do any of those things. I stood there and listened. I stood there and listened to my mother getting off. I was mesmerized.
Mom didn't say many words, but her erotic utterances were intense. Whatever she was doing to herself, she was really enjoying it. It seemed like I stood there forever, but Mom must have been pretty close because it didn't take very long for her to finish. Mom let out one big, final cry. A musical laugh followed, and she was silent. I don't know why I kept standing there after that, maybe I thought she'd start up again. I heard another laugh, this one warm and earthy, and Mom told someone, "Goodnight." The TV went off.
Fear seized me when I realized I might get caught lurking outside Mom's door. What would I say? I scrambled back into my room, freezing on the other side of the door when I heard Mom's bedroom door open. I heard her go downstairs. My heart pounded in my chest and I was woozy. Clearly, I wasn't in my right mind, because rather than dive into bed and pretend I was asleep, I opened the door and dashed into the hallway.
Mom's bedroom door was open, and I scooted through it. The glow of a woman selling makeup on the TV was the only illumination in the room. It was enough light to see Mom's laptop sitting open on her bed and the long, thick, pink object beside it. I almost fell over when I realized I was staring at my mother's dildo. My mother had a huge sex toy! I stared at that thing like I could will it away. I was so entranced that I almost missed the sound of Mom coming back up the stairs. I dashed from the room and made it back to my own just in time. I hid just inside, with the door open just a crack and my eye pressed to the opening.
The hallway was dark, but Mom was positively glowing. She looked like she was floating down the hallway. She only wore a loose t-shirt, which almost covered her pussy. I couldn't make out any detail because it was dark, but I was sure my mother was not wearing panties. She also wasn't wearing a bra, based on how her tits bounced as she walked. Mom's tits aren't huge, but I bet they're a nice handful—not that I've thought about putting my hands on them. She turned into her bedroom and closed the door. I closed mine too and fell back onto my bed.
I finally had a moment to catch my breath and process what I'd witnessed, but that's not what I did. No, I pulled down my boxers and furiously wacked my dick. Somehow, I didn't realize that all that time my cock was rock hard. But I knew it now and I had to do something about it. The frustration of my failed Facetime sex with Amber crashed into the memory of the sexy sounds from my mother's room. I tried to focus on Amber, but Mom kept creeping in there. I didn't struggle long. I came in about 2 seconds. Afterward, I lay there, shell shocked.
*
I had a blissful moment when I first woke up and didn't remember anything about the night before. I stretched and blinked against the light pouring through the window and rolled over to see the time. And then it hit me. My mother was masturbating with a dildo last night and I hung outside the door and listened. It was too much, and I pulled the pillow over my head, trying to hide from the memory. It didn't work, of course. It was in my head, and I couldn't get it out.
I tried to sort thought it and figure which was more disturbing, my mother playing with herself, or me listening and then running back to my room to jerk off. Both things were out there, but I realized getting hard from listening to Mom like that was the weirdest part. Like I said about Amber, girls need to get off too. I didn't think of my own mother as a girl. She was a woman. She was my mother. But I guess the same rules applied to her. Why shouldn't Mom be like any other woman? I'd heard all about cougars and how women hit their sexual peak in their 40s. Ew, no. I did not want to think about my mother's sexual peak. But there it was again. Little Zack started to chub up again. No! I would not get hard thinking about my mother like that. I tried to think about baseball, but that only reminded me of my old friends who had a crush on Mom. I started wondering if they were right and I just couldn't see it. Was my mother hot? No, couldn't be. But then, Mom was not the same woman she was then. Objectively, Mom was hotter now than she was back then. No! My mom was not hot!
I threw myself out of bed and took the coldest shower I could tolerate. It helped, a little. I was as confused as ever, but I wasn't hard anymore. I threw on a t-shirt and basketball shorts and headed downstairs. I found Mom at the table, working as usual. She must have had a Zoom meeting because she was all business on top, a crisp white sleeveless blouse (with a black jacket over the back of her chair), but black leggings on the bottom. I looked at her but didn't see as she was sitting there. I saw her as she was last night, in that little t-shirt and nothing else. I tore myself away and went to see if there was any coffee.
"How did you sleep, honey?" Mom asked, looking up at me over her glasses.
"Fine, I guess," I mumbled. I poured myself a cup added sugar and tried to retreat to my room, but Mom stopped me.
"Come here and sit down, Zach."
"Mom, I was just about to go upstairs."
"Sit down, Zachary. I'm still your mother and you still have to listen to me. Besides, what are you rushing off to?" Mom had that edge in her voice that demanded compliance. I thought about how different her voice was last night when she was moaning in ecstasy. I sat down fast before she noticed the hard-on growing in my shorts.
"What is it, Mom?"
"We need to talk about last night, Zach."
I froze. Shit! She knew! She fucking knew! Mom probably saw me peeking out of the door and now she knows I'm a spy and a pervert. What was I going to do? Shit. This was not good. I forced a neutral expression on my face and replied, "Okay."
"I know this has been a hard time for you, being cooped up here with me. You're used to being away from college and you're used to having your freedom," she said. My brain filled in the next sentence: You don't have the freedom to spy on me while I'm getting off, Zach! You're a disgusting little pervert! Mom didn't say that, but she did go on. "It's been tough on me too. I have my own life now, you know. I'm used to doing my own thing and having my privacy. You kids don't think of us adults like that, but it's true."
"I know, Mom," I replied, forcing out the words and trying to hide my incredible relief. I thought, You're used to being able to get off whenever you want, walk around the house half-naked. Or completely naked, if you want.
"But you don't hear me snapping at you. I know being surly is second nature at your age, but you've got to get a grip Zach. I don't expect you to hang out with me all the time, but is it so hard to be civil?"
I had a grip last night, I thought. I gripped my cock while I was thinking about you, Mom.
"You're right, Mom. I'm sorry. This is just so stressful. It seems like the world is falling apart around us. Nothing makes sense anymore." The last part was especially true.
"Oh, honey," she said, getting out of her seat and moving to give me a hug.
Two things. One, I saw right down Mom's blouse when she leaned over, right down to the lacy fringe on her fancy pink bra. And two, when Mom hugged me tight, her tits crushed against me, sending a bolt of pleasure right down to my balls. Mom misinterpreted my groan and squeezed me tighter. I gingerly put my arms around her, hoping I wouldn't come on the spot from touching her.
"It's okay, Zach. Everything will go back to normal and before you know it, you'll be back with your friends and seeing your girlfriend and you'll laugh about how boring all this was. I promise. This too shall pass."
Mom was always fond of quoting clichés. I needed my hard-on to pass. And there was nothing boring about what I felt while Mom rocked me. It was very, very wrong, but not boring. She let me go and I almost fell out of my chair.
"Thanks, Mom," I mumbled, twisting to hide my erection.
She walked to the counter to refresh her coffee and I stared at her ass in those black leggings. Mom had a nice, round ass. It wasn't as tight and muscular as Amber's, but it was a damn good ass for a woman in her late 40s. Those early morning runs Mom went on were paying off. Stop looking at your mother's ass, I chided myself.
"What are your plans today? More Fortnite?"
"Something like that."
"You really should go for a walk or something, Zach. You need to get your blood flowing."
I've got plenty of blood flow going, I thought. "Yeah, I'll think about it. Good talk, Mom. Thanks."
I ran from the room, praying the baggy basketball shorts camouflaged my erection. I fled to my room where I slammed the door, tore off my shorts, and attacked my cock. There was no Amber competing with my mother this time. It was all Mom. I thought about how good her ass looked in those leggings. I thought about ripping them off and bending her over the counter. Mom didn't need that toy. I could take care of her. I could make her moan. I thought about her on her bed, legs spread, pumping that big toy between her legs. I thought about bursting through the door and throwing her dildo away. She grabs my cock and puts it in her. Yes, honey, like that, Zach. Fuck me! Fuck your Mommy! My stomach flipped and I thought I was going to throw up, but my orgasm also swept through me and I came violently, shaking, grunting, as I cranked out a huge load all over myself. A load I wanted to give to my mother.
What the fuck was wrong with me? How did I lose my mind in less than 24 hours? This time yesterday all I could think about was how to Facetime with Amber and tell her to shove that hairbrush handle in her pussy and watch her get off. I was disgusted with myself. I'd become a sicko overnight. I tried to blame my mother. I really did. What was she thinking doing that in the next room? I couldn't stay hard when I thought she might overhear me with Amber, but apparently her son being in the house didn't slow Mom down at all. For the first time I thought about the laptop on her bed and wondered if she was doing what I was with Amber. Was Mom having video sex? She could have been watching porn, but I don't think that made me feel any better. If Mom was doing that, who was on the other end? Mom didn't mention any boyfriends. I had a spike of jealousy thinking about my mother doing that with someone else. Which brought me back to, What the fuck was wrong with me? I had to get my head straight. I grabbed tissues from the nightstand and tried to figure out what I was going to do.
*
My newfound obsession with my mother didn't go away. If anything, it got worse. I watched her moving around the house, checking out her ass in those leggings she always seemed to wear. I looked in vain for a panty line, but never found one. All I could think about for a couple days was how my mom's ass looked in just a thong. When she wasn't dressed on top for a Zoom meeting, Mom usually wore a tank top, sometimes a plain old ribbed one, sometimes one of those tight, stretchy workout ones with the built-in sports bra. Both kinds were too tight for this horny young man. The tank tops showed off how fit Mom had become in a way I didn't notice before. The sports tanks were especially tight, and when the AC got too chilly for Mom, she'd start high-beaming through it, forcing me to flee the room before I got caught staring.
I was beating off like a madman. 2 or 3 times a day. And especially on those nights when the TV in Mom's bedroom got loud. I'd wait a few minutes and sneak into the hallway, lurking outside the door. I had to strain to hear—I decided Mom was trying to be quiet with me in the house—but I heard enough. I rubbed my cock while I listening to my mother moaning and whispering. Even though I couldn't make out the words, it confirmed what she was up to. Mom was definitely on the computer with someone, having her own Facetime sex, or Zoom sex. I was intensely jealous, but incredibly horny. It was so sexy to think Mom was kinky enough to have video sex like that. I was glad the quarantine kept her away from whoever it was and let me discover this side of her. Obviously, my obsession had overtaken my shame.
One morning, when I knew she was tied up on a Zoom call, I crept into her room and searched it. My heart pounded as I channeled my inner spy and pawed through my mother's things, trying to leave them exactly as I found them. My pulse hammered so hard in my ears that I was afraid I wouldn't hear Mom if she came up the stairs. The pink toy was in her nightstand drawer, and it wasn't just a dildo. It was a vibrator, and it had a little extension near the base that I didn't understand. I couldn't help myself and turned it on for a second, staring at the door. That thing was powerful! I wondered if Mom liked to turn it all the way up and jam it in her pussy. God, I would have loved to see that! I also sniffed it, but it was clean. Of course, Mom maintained her toys. The vibrator wasn't her only toy. There were 2 others, a long, slender white plastic one, and a tiny one with studs on the top, that was about the size of a tube of lipstick. Mom also had a string of glass beads on a string and a strip of condoms. Mom was definitely getting some, and now I was dying to know who was defiling my mother so I could chase him away.
Mom's lingerie drawer was half-full of thongs, as I suspected. Beneath her boring, every day bras were some pretty, sexy, lacy offerings. There was a black see-thru one I would have loved to see on her. And there were plenty of thongs too, just as I suspected. I sniffed that, just like her toy, but it was clean too. I still stole it. She had other lacy things in there, but I don't know what they're called. I'm not up on all the types of lingerie. I carefully put Mom's underthings back in place and went back to my room, closing the door. I was painfully hard and needed to take care of that immediately. I imagined my mother modelling her lingerie for me and putting on a show with her toys while I beat off. I stared at that scrap of lace I'd taken and imagined it on my mother's sweet, round ass. Yeah, I came in about 2 minutes.
As obsession overcame my shame, weirder and weirder ideas came into my head. I decided I had to find a way to watch my mother on one of her sex video chats, but I had no idea how to make that happen. It wasn't like I could drill a hole in the wall unnoticed. I considered slipping spyware onto her laptop, but that was a bridge too far. I wasn't that crazed...yet. I moved onto the notion that if I couldn't see Mom doing it, I could at least make her admit it. I don't know what I thought would come of that, but it was fun to toy with her. I started dropping hints in conversations that I knew something was going on in her bedroom, but Mom didn't take the bait.
"You keep the TV pretty loud at night. Losing your hearing in your old age?" I asked.
"Old age? You'd better watch it, young man. I guess I didn't realize it was so loud. Did it keep you awake?"
"No, I just noticed it. I had my gaming headset on, so I hardly noticed it. You could be doing anything in there and I'd never know."
"Just watching TV to try and fall asleep. I'll try to keep it down."
"Do what you need to do, Mom. It's your house."
Mom gave me a weird look but didn't show she understood what I was getting at. I tried a more direct approach over dinner one night. "What have you been up to, Mom? Pre-quarantine, I mean. You keep telling me you have your own life, but you haven't said much about it."
Mom shrugged. "I don't know. It's not that exciting, I guess, honey. I was really saying that stuff to get your goat. I hang out with my friends sometimes, girls' weekends and things like that. I used to do yoga Saturday mornings. I really miss that. I like to go to flea markets, hit the local wineries. Typical stuff."
"By yourself?"
Mom narrowed her eyes behind her glasses. "Are you asking if I'm seeing anyone, Zach?"
"I'm curious. You know, Dad's got Kayleigh. I don't like thinking you're lonely over here all by yourself.
"Kayleigh," Mom repeated, making a face. "I can't believe he's with a Kayleigh. Is that a serious name?"
"Sorry, Mom. I shouldn't have mentioned her. I know it's a sore spot."
"It's okay, honey. It's been a long time. I really have moved on. I'm glad your dad is happy." She didn't sound it.
"You dodged my question, Mom."
"Oh, right. Yes, I was seeing someone when all this started. His name is Mark."
"That must be tough. You must miss him. I know it's killing me that I can't see Amber."
"We weren't that serious, but I do miss him."
"Do you get to talk? I don't see you on your phone a lot."
"We do, some. We text. Like I said, it wasn't that serious."
Not that serious, I thought. Serious enough for you to have condoms and video sex a few times a week. I didn't think my mother was a casual sex kind of girl, but until recently I didn't think about her sex life at all. Did Mom meet guys for drinks and bring them home for a good time? Thinking of my mother acting slutty was hot. I started to chub up and shifted in my chair.
"I bet it's still hard," I said. "I was only seeing Amber for a few months before all this kicked off, but it's really hard being away from her."
"I'm sure you guys will pick up right where you left off when you see her again."
"Probably. But it's a big adjustment, all this alone time. Amber and I were together a lot, if you know what I mean. I don't know about you, but it's driving me crazy. You know what I mean..."
Mom stared at me like I had two heads. "You can't possibly be getting at what I think you are..."
"I'm just saying... We're both adults here, right?"
"Zach, you are flagged, and I need to clean up dinner," Mom said, jumping up from the table and grabbing our dishes. It was weird for her when I drank in front of her. It made her feel old or something, so that's what she tried to blame for my weirdness. It couldn't be that I knew she was getting off in the room right next to mine at night.
"Sorry, didn't mean to offend you, Mom," I said, snickering.
Mom turned from the sink with her hands on her hips, which thrust her tits out at me. I tried not to stare. She was beautiful when she was angry. I loved seeing her passion in any form.
"I've only had two beers, Mom. Sorry if I offended you."
"Do you think this is an appropriate thing to talk to your mother about, Zach?"
"I don't know. I feel like now that I'm an adult we can have a different kind of relationship. We can be more like friends. You've always said we can talk about anything."
"Not about that, Zach."
"What if I have questions about sex?" I asked, smirking.
"Somehow I find that hard to believe, especially based on what you were intimating about your relationship with your girlfriend."
"I don't think I said anything out of line. You're the one who said you've got your own life. I'm just trying to find out about it. You're acting like I asked your favorite position or something."
"Zachary!"
I'll admit it. I enjoyed watching Mom squirm. Her cheeks were flushed, and her crystal blue eyes were fiery glaring at me through her glasses. And when she stumped her foot, her tits had a nice little jiggle. What would she do if I kept pushing it? I didn't have a plan and I don't know what kind of reaction I thought I would get. Mom wasn't going to confess her nocturnal activities in one conversation.
"Sorry, Mom, but the more you freak out, the more fun this is."
"You really are a little shit. It's enough. Go upstairs!"
"Are you sending me to my room?"
"I said go, Zachary!"
"I'm not a kid anymore, Mom. You can't send me to my room." I also couldn't stand up, or she would see the huge hard-on tenting out my shorts.
"Fine. Then I'll go. You can take care of the dishes." Mom slammed a dish down into the sink so hard it was a miracle it didn't shatter. She stormed out of the kitchen and stomped up the stairs. I heard her bedroom door slam shut.
I sat back, pleased with myself, but unsure why. I didn't make any headway with her. I kind of pussied out. I should have just told Mom that I heard her getting off in her room. Oh well. I went up to my room without doing the dishes.
I practically had my ear pressed to the wall that night. I hoped my mother would need to get her anger out by getting online with her boyfriend and breaking out the toys. But the TV never blared. I thought I heard her talking, but I couldn't make out words through the wall. I thought perhaps Mom tried coming quietly, and that thought made me so hard I had to beat off. I thought about Mom angrily fucking herself with that big pink toy while she cursed my name. I came even faster than usual.
*
I was deep in a hot dream when my door flew open in the morning. The details slipped away as I was startled awake, but enough of it remained with me to keep me rock hard as I rolled over and threw off the sheet. "What?" I grumbled, eyes still half-closed.
"You didn't do the dishes last night," Mom shouted.
"Uh, sorry?"
My mother fell silent and I forced my eyes open to see why. I found her standing in my doorway, staring. I followed her line of sight and realized she was staring right at my hard cock. I smiled, but she never saw that. She only had eyes for my big dick. Yeah, I'm kinda big. I'm not pornstar huge, but I'm larger than average and thick enough that girls have told me to take it slow. The way Mom stared at it, she must have thought it was pretty big, too. She stared at it like she'd never seen one before and I felt bad for her boyfriend Mark. He couldn't have been that impressive. Maybe that's why she needed that big dildo. I gave my dick a little twitch, which broke her spell.
"Get down there and take care of it. I'm not your servant."
Mom turned on her heel and left, giving me a great view of her sweet round ass in black leggings. If she'd still been staring, she would have seen my cock surge anew. I stayed in that position for a couple minutes, indulging in the impossible fantasy that my mother, overcome with lust, would come running back into my room and grab my cock. I imagined Mom jamming it in her mouth and her pretty blonde head bobbing up and down on it.
I groaned loudly and started stroking myself. Mom left the bedroom door open when she angrily stalked off, but I didn't care. I wanted her to hear. I wanted her to come back and see me stroking it. I groaned even louder, for effect. I didn't know if she'd hear me all the way downstairs, but I gave it a try. I became obsessed with Mom overhearing me and returning. I stroked it faster and faster, moaning louder and louder. I thought about my mother touching herself while she watched me jerking off.
"Oh, fuck!" I roared, blasting my load up into the air, eyes locked on the doorway, hoping I'd see my mother reappear there. She didn't, but it was still a great jerk off session. I really was jerking off more than I had since I discovered what was special about girls.
I came down later and Mom showed no indication she'd heard me earlier. She was quiet and avoided eye contact, but that could have been because of our conversation the night before, or because she stared at my dick that morning. I liked to think it was because she was thinking about my dick. I let her slide and cleaned out the sink in silence. We avoided each other for the rest of the day. I spent most of it thinking about Mom lusting for my dick. I knew I had her on the hook now. I just had to figure out what to do next. I came up with an idea. I was going to take a page out of Mom's book.
I waited until I heard Mom come up to bed. I hadn't seen her since I went down to grab something out of the freezer for dinner. She didn't make anything for us. We barely said two words to each other as I passed. I waited a couple minutes after she came up to make sure she wasn't going to turn on the TV and start her own session. I waited in the quiet, my breathing so impossibly loud as I tried to listen for any sounds from my mother's bedroom. When not came, I got Amber on my phone.
Amber and I were still texting. She sent me sexy pictures all the time, trying to lure me back into video sex. I'll admit, I didn't give her hot photos the attention they deserved because I was crushing on my mother. Tonight was Amber's lucky night. I was going to give her what she wanted. She didn't need to know I was performing for a different audience.
"Hey, tiger," she said, smiling on my screen. I cranked up the volume, hoping my phone would be loud enough for Mom to hear through our thin common wall.
"Hey, girl. I've been thinking about you."
"It doesn't seem like it," she pouted.
"Sorry, babe. I've got a lot of things on my mind. But you've got me right now. Let me make it up to you."
"Ooo, that sounds like fun. Hold on. Let me lock my door."
Amber put the phone down for a second and I laughed, thinking that my bedroom door was intentionally unlocked. It was crazy, but I still harbored a fantasy of Mom coming into the room when she heard me. Amber returned, and when she did, she was naked, which she demonstrated with a long, slow sweep of the camera over her body. She had way bigger tits than my mother, but I loved both their bodies. I'm a big believer in variety.
"Do you like what you see, baby?" Amber asked.
"You're so damn sexy, girl. And you know it. You don't need me to tell you that."
"But a girl likes to hear it, baby."
"When I see you like that, I lose my mind, girl. All I can think about is jumping on you."
"You can't just jump on me, baby. I like it when you take your time. I want you to lick me, baby."
"I love tasting you, girl. You've got the sweetest puss ever." I raised my voice, the better for Mom to overhear me. I even turned to face the wall, getting as close as I could to it. "I wanna flick that little button with my tongue."
"Mmm, baby, I love the way you do that. It feels sooo good. You get me so wet."
Amber tilted her phone down to show how she was rubbing her clit. She did it in tiny circles, like she was trying to imitate my flicking tongue. I imagined my mother doing the same thing. It was easier when I couldn't see Amber's face, and I just pretended her moans were Mom's, although I couldn't picture Mom shaving her pussy like Amber.
"Rub that pussy for me, girl. Make it come. I want to see you come, girl."
"Oooo, I wanna come! I'm gonna come, baby! It would be so much better if you were here. I miss you licking me, baby. Mmm...oooo...mmm..."
"Yeah, girl. Do it! Do it! Come on, Amber!"
I felt lame. I didn't really know what to say. I just knew it was hot watching Amber play with her pussy and I wanted to see her come. Watching a hot girl play with herself was just about the hottest thing ever. I had to see my mother doing it. I began pumping my cock, hearing and watching my girlfriend, but thinking about my mother. Mom had to hear us. What was she thinking? Was Mom horrified? Or was she thinking about seeing my cock this morning? Was Mom just as horny as we were? I had to think she was. I convinced myself Mom was touching herself too.
"Yeah...yeah...baby...baby..." Amber's words tapered off to loud moans and then she was crying out that way she always does when she comes. She makes a very distinctive, high-pitched wail when she comes. It's so cute and sexy that it almost always gets me to come right along with her. I wasn't quite there tonight, with my own hand on my dick.
"Oh, baby, that felt so good. Did you come too?" Amber huffed.
"Not yet. I'm still working on it. I don't need to rush it with a sexy girl like you."
Amber giggled. "That's what I want to hear. Let me see it, baby. Show me how hard that made you."
I panned down, showing off and proud how hard and thick she made me. Clear liquid leaked from the top and I used it to lubricate my shaft. I would have worked my balls too—the way Amber does it—but my other hand was occupied with my phone.
"Look at that, girl! Look at that! It's all for you!" I barked. The louder the better for Mom to overhear. "You want that? You want that big dick!"
"Yeah, baby. Give me that big dick! You know I want it. Give it to me so fucking hard, baby," Amber cooed.
"Gonna fuck you so hard! Fuck you like crazy! Gonna make you scream!" I was practically shouting now.
The words weren't for Amber. They were for my mother. A realization struck me like a thunderbolt. I really did want to fuck my mother. If she came into the room at that moment, I would have fucked her silly. The realization surged through me like electric current I shot my load with a bellow. The roar was so loud that even if my mother had somehow missed everything else, there was no way she didn't hear that. Mom couldn't mistake that sound for anything other than what it was. She had the experience to recognize the wild tones of a man coming. I was left exhausting and wheezing. Drained.
"Wow, baby. That's what I'm talking about. I love it when you let it all out, Zach. Mmm, I miss that," Amber purred.
"It's all you, girl. It's all about you," I lied.
"You make me feel so good, baby."
"Me too. Listen, I'd better go. That wore me out."
"Tomorrow?" she asked.
"We'll see. I hope so."
We rang off and I knew I'd probably have to do this again. Mom wasn't going to crack from one night of hearing me jerk off. I strained to listen through the wall, unsure of what I expected. I guess I hoped I'd hear my mother moaning, unable to control herself from hearing me and Amber, but I heard nothing but the quiet hum of the central air.
*
Mom did not crack and confront me the next morning, although she was awfully quiet. It could have been that things were still awkward from our dinner conversation a couple nights earlier, or Mom seeing my dick that morning, but I convinced myself it was from hearing my performance with Amber. I caught my mother sneaking glances my way a couple times when she thought I wouldn't notice. Mom looked like she wanted to say something, but she kept her own counsel. I let it go. I wasn't going to make it easy on her. I'd push it if it came to that, but I was willing to let her stew for a while.
We spent another day mostly avoiding each other. We sat down to dinner together, but both stared at our phones and hardly spoke to each other. Mom watched TV in the living room afterward and I returned to my bedroom. I tried to keep my distance because my thoughts were spiraling out of control. Just seeing my mother in a tight t-shirt and leggings drove me crazy. It was a miracle she didn't catch me staring at her. I couldn't help myself and was constantly hard. I wanted Mom to catch me. It would have brought everything to a head. After a while, my balls started to ache.
It grew late, pushing midnight, and I still hadn't heard my mother come up to bed yet. That was unusual for her. I was impatient because I wanted to either hear her with Mark or give her another performance with Amber. I was afraid she fell asleep on the couch and I wouldn't have a chance tonight. I crept down the stairs to wake her up for bed and get things moving. The TV was still on I the family room, but the volume was low. I was about to walk in when I heard Mom's voice from the couch. It faced away from the door and she couldn't see me standing there while she was lying on it.
"No, I can't, Mark," she whispered.
Mom kept her voice low, but I still heard her under the sound of the home shopping channel. They were selling some ugly clothes Mom would never wear in a million years, so I knew she wasn't really watching it. I stayed in the doorway and listened in.
"Not upstairs, either. I...we...can't do that anymore. No, not while he's here." Another pause, then, "I know it's hard, but you don't understand, his bedroom is right next to mine...I know, I know, it wasn't a problem before, but now it's weird. I can't tell you, just trust me. I just...I just never realized how thin the walls are here. I never had to think about it when I was here by myself."
My heart swelled and I barely suppressed a shout of joy at Mom's words. She definitely heard me last night. She knew the walls are thin because she heard me and Amber. I'd have killed to know what was going through her mind, but it didn't sound like she was about to confess that to her friend Mark. It would've been awesome if they got into some kind of sexy talk about Mom hearing me, but that was too out there. I didn't even go there with Amber, and it was all I could think about.
Mom laughed. "I could go out to the garage and sit in the car. That could be fun." She had a low, sultry tone to her voice, like she was slipping into sexy talk despite her objections. She laughed again, but it was more like a submissive giggle this time. "I told you, not here. What if he comes down...I don't know that he's asleep...no, it's too risky...come on, Mark..." Another giggle. "I know it turns you on, but I'm the only one taking a risk this time...Mark...no...I can't...I shouldn't...it's crazy...no...this is crazy, why do you do this to me...you know I can't resist, even when it's a bad idea...ohhh...Mark...I...I can't believe you got me doing this..."
I had the doorframe in a death grip to keep from keeling over. I stared at the back of that couch like I could will myself to have x-ray vision and see Mom through it. She got quiet, but I swore I heard her breathing heavy when I strained hard to listen. I took a tentative step into the room. When no alarm bells went off, I went further. Dropping to my knees, I crawled right behind the couch, laying on the floor.
"Mmm...that's...I don't know if I can do that...you know that's wrong..." Mom cooed.
I could hear everything from behind the couch. Her breathy little moans. Her soft, coquettish whispers. It didn't matter how hard she tried to be quiet now. I was right there. I don't know how my blood pounded so hard in my ears because it felt like it had all rushed into my dick.
"Ahh...ahh...Mark...ahh...I am...I am...I'm touching...touching myself...yes...right there..."
Mom's words were punctuated by the sexiest whimpers and moans. Hearing my mother getting herself off like that was the height of eroticism. I realized that my own mother was the sexiest woman on Earth. No other could compete with her. I rubbed my dick in my shorts and closed my eyes, imagining Mom on her back on the couch, her leggings and panties pushed down while she rubbed her puss. Luckily for me, my fear of being discovered was just strong enough to prevent me from peering over the back of the couch to see her. For a crazy second, I thought it would be worth it just to see what her reaction would be, but that was only because in my lust-fevered mind I thought she'd beg me to fuck her, not smack me and run away.
"Ahh...yes...I'm rubbing it...you know...Mark...why...do I have to...rubbing my...rubbing my...I'm rubbing my pussy..."
Yes! I thought. I was with Mark. I wanted to hear Mom get dirty. The dirtier the better.
"Yes...I'm...I'm rubbing it...rubbing my pussy...it's so wet...ahh...ahh...I can't...Mark...I..."
Mom's lips smacked and she gasped. "Tastes sweet...bet you're jealous you don't get to taste it..."
Shit! Mom was tasting herself. I gripped my cock tighter but slowed down rubbing it. I was too close to coming. If she needed someone to taste her, I was right there. I'd make her scream with my tongue! More wet sounds followed, but they were different. They were the sounds of Mom's fingers rubbing her wet pussy. Mom sounded soaked!
"Ahh...ahh...yes...yes...ohh Mark...yes...AHH...YES!"
Mom howled and I knew she was coming. Suddenly, her cries were muffled like she'd turned her face into one of those stupid little throw pillows on the couch. I heard a couple more shouts into the pillow, followed by a loud gasp, like Mom desperately needed air. I groaned and spurted my load into my underwear. I froze on the floor, bracing to see my mother appear over the back of the couch to discover me.
"Yes, I admit it. That was hot. Did you come too, babe? Good. I wish you'd save it all up for me, but I'm glad you were right there with me. I still think this was insane. Don't think it's going to become a habit. It doesn't matter that it was hot. What if he came down? Jesus, that's twisted, Mark. I'm going to bed. Goodnight."
The TV clicked off and I tried to contract my body making it as small as possible. There was no escape. I thought I wanted that confrontation with my mother, but I was suddenly panicked. God, I wanted to crawl under the couch, but had to settle for flattening against it. Mom swept past me and left the room. She never looked back and saw me laying there but went right up the steps. I exhaled a deep sigh of relief. That relief only lasted a second.
"Zach? Where are you?" Mom called from upstairs. I heard panic in her voice. "Zach?"
I rolled away from the couch and into the kitchen, scrambling to grab a bag of chips from the cabinet. I turned the corner and looked up to find Mom at the top of the stairs.
"What are you doing?" she asked. Mom was trembling.
"Just ran to the kitchen to grab a snack," I replied. We locked eyes and I felt dizzy. It was like both our minds went to the same place, but neither of us would speak of it.
"Just now?"
"Yeah, just now. Like, you ran up right after I came down."
"So, you've only been down there a couple minutes?"
"Yeah, like I said. I just ran down. Why are you acting weird?"
I don't know what it was, but my mother's discomfort emboldened me. I felt like I could use it for leverage.
"No reason. I mean, I'm not. I'm not weird, Zach."
I laughed. "You're acting like I just caught you sneaking in after curfew. Have you been naughty, Mom?"
She turned pale. "No, this is all in your head." She was about to say something else but halted. Her eyes widened behind her glasses and she said, "I'm going to bed. Goodnight." She disappeared and I heard her door slam.
I looked down and realized what she saw. The giant jizz stain on the front of my shorts was plain as day, even in the dim hallway. I smiled, realizing I was one step closer to my goal—even if I wasn't sure what it was. How was Mom going to pretend everything was normal now?
*
I was up bright and early next morning. Honestly, I don't know if I ever slept. I was too excited to see my mother and see how she would react. If I were being realistic, I would have admitted to myself that Mom would probably keep pretending that nothing was happening. But I wouldn't let her. I was ready to push the issue.
I threw on a pair of basketball shorts and a tank top and headed downstairs, but Mom was nowhere to be found. Her car was in the garage. I deduced she must have gone for a run. It was tempting to go out and join her. I knew her route. But I could wait until she came home. I grabbed a quick breakfast and settled down in the living room to watch TV until she came home. She returned about an hour later and ran right upstairs without a word, despite my calling out for her.
Mom came down freshly showered, her blonde hair wavy with curls and damp. I liked her hair better this way. She usually straightened her hair, but it was sexier curly and wild. It was also longer than the mom hair I'd grown up with. Her hair was the only sexy thing about Mom, though. The tight tank top was gone. She still wore leggings, but a huge, baggy t-shirt hid her body and covered her ass. I was profoundly disappointed.
"Hey, Mom," I said. "You were up early."
"It's supposed to be a hot one. I wanted to get my run in before it got too oppressive."
"Yeah, it's just you were up pretty late last night. I thought you might sleep in this morning."
Mom gave me a funny look, and for just a second, I thought she might address what happened. But then she looked away and said, "I wasn't really up so late. I fell asleep watching TV. I had just woken up and was going to bed when you went to the kitchen."
Mom looked back, challenging me to say different. I swear I had every intention of confronting her. I was dying to do it. The words were on the tip of my tongue. You were rubbing your pussy in the living room, Mom. But I didn't say it. I lost my nerve. I just said, "Oh." I walked away.
I was ashamed by my cowardice and spent the rest of the day hiding in my room, trying to psych myself up to confront my mother. I dreamed up all kinds of scenarios where I could force my mother to open up and admit what she was doing in the living room last night. It was deceptively easy in my imagination, but then Mom acted the way I wanted her to in my imagination. She was a horny MILF with a hair trigger and eager to give in to me. That wasn't reality.
We shared dinner with strained chit-chat, and Mom went up to bed early, saying she was tired from being up so early. I gave her a head start by cleaning up the kitchen—the better to get into her good graces—and went up myself. I got Amber right on the phone. My old plan was back in play. I'd smoke Mom out by having so much loud phone sex right next to her that she'd have to say something.
I was aggressive with Amber that night. All my frustration toward my mother was taken out on her. As my confidence grew, I got filthier and filthier with Amber. She didn't mind. She got wilder the rough I was with her. I told her what a dirty slut she was, and Amber begged for my cock and told me how badly she needed it. She told me she'd leave her house and drive the 6 hours to come and fuck me. When I told her my mother was there, Amber didn't care. She said my mother could listen if she wanted. Amber told me she needed to get fucked! You can guess how quickly I came at that. I listened intensely when it got quiet but heard nothing from Mom's room.
Life went on that way for the next few days. Mom and I were polite, but strained during the day and I had wild, filthy video sex with Amber every night, trying to drive my mother crazy. Mom had a perfect poker face. She never betrayed what she thought of my late-night escapades. I thought my plan was failing, until that Friday night. Friday night changed everything.
Amber and I had a particularly intense session. Of course, she wasn't going to drive 6 hours to fuck me during a pandemic, but I kept playing with that idea, especially the part where Mom was in the next room listening in to every sound. Amber surprised me by how into it she was. My girlfriend was a kinky perv after my own heart.
"I want her to hear us. I want your mom to hear us and how good you fuck me, babe," she moaned. I swear it was like she was in on my plan. Amber seemed to get louder every time we did it. She didn't seem to care that her own parents might hear her, too. It made me wonder about what was happening at her house.
"That's so wrong," I moaned, flogging my staff.
"I don't care. Your mommy's going to hear how good you fuck and get all jealous. I bet no one's plowed her the way you do it to me, babe. She probably needs a good fuck, and she knows it! Let her hear what she's missing!"
Amber was really off the hook. We both came pretty quickly, and I was on fire. That was the difference between me and Amber. I was pumped when we finished, but my girlfriend was embarrassed by her behavior. She loved it in the moment but was chagrined when sanity returned.
"You know that's all an act, right Zach? Like, it's just playing around," she said, red-faced and panting.
"Of course, girl," I said, afraid she might read my mind and learn I thought the opposite. I knew she would think I was insane if she figured out the truth. But I was building this wicked fantasy in my head where I got both Amber and my mother in bed.
"You don't think I'm weird, do you? I mean, if that really happened, well you know..."
"I think getting caught could be hot," I ventured.
"Maybe," she admitted, pausing to think before she added, "but not by your mom."
"Yeah, of course not," I hurriedly agreed.
I heard my mother's door open and she went running down the stairs. That was intriguing. "Listen, Amber, that was great, but I gotta go."
"Uh, okay. You're not weirded out, are you?"
"I think it's as hot as you do. Don't worry so much."
I got Amber off the phone and went to the bathroom down the hall to clean myself. Mom's door was closed. I didn't hear her come back up and her door was still closed when I came out. I had to investigate. My heart pounded as I silently padded down the steps.
Mom wasn't in the kitchen, dining room or living room. She didn't go out for a run in the middle of the night. And then I remembered something Mom said that night she was in the living room. She mentioned sneaking out to her car. Could she have? I almost went running into the garage, which would have stopped anything before it started. I had to think. And then I remembered the window in the side of the garage. We had an end unit townhouse, which meant there was a window on the outside wall of the garage. I threw on slides and went outside.
I was worried someone might see me and call the police. I'd look like a robber or peeping tom to anyone on the outside. It was after midnight, though, and I had to hope that no one would be out and about during a pandemic. I worked my way around to the side of the house and slowly peeked around the side of the window, paranoid that I'd see my mother right there looking out at me. She wasn't, but I was greeted by the window being open a crack. A hint of sound carried out from inside My mother was definitely in there. Her low, strained voice carried through the tiny gap.
"I know what I said the other night, but now I want to. He's not going to catch me this time. He's busy...up in his room."
I smiled, knowing what that meant. Mom heard me and ran downstairs to get off with her boyfriend. My heart sang. I peered down through the window and found I was right above her. Mom was in the driver's seat of the Mustang, with the window down. It was a humid evening, and the garage wasn't air conditioned. It had to be stifling in there, but that didn't deter my mother. The view wasn't great, but at least I could see something for a change. I saw most of the left side of her body. She held out her phone in her left hand. I didn't hear the other side of the conversation, so she must have been using her Air Pods.
Mom was reclined in the seat, with one foot up on it. Her leggings from earlier were gone. The only thing on her body was a white, ribbed men's undershirt that was so thin I saw the dark of her nipple when it clung to her tit. I was fully hard in a second, despite having come less than 10 minutes earlier. I desperately wanted to touch myself, but I was not doing that out in the open.
"I can always do this by myself if you're busy," Mom said, sounding annoyed. She cupped her tit and pinched her nipple, tilting her phone to make sure this Mark could see it. "I don't need you for this. I just thought you might like it."
If Mark didn't want to help her, I was more than willing to do the job. Mom tilted her phone down, showing her pussy to Mark. It was just out of sight for me. So frustrating!
"Oh? Now I have your attention? Good. Let me see how much you like it."
Mom tilted her phone up and I recoiled, seeing Mark's dick on it. Didn't need to see that, although I was pleased that he didn't look so big. I definitely had him beat. No wonder Mom had so many toys if that's what he was working with. Speaking of toys, a quiet buzz fired up.
"Yeah? You want to fuck me right in the car, like on our first date? Mmm, that was hot, hon. I hadn't done that since high school. Yeah, a lot more comfortable in your Tahoe than my boyfriend's old Mustang."
I leaned against the wall as I tried to process what I was hearing. Mom fucked this guy on their first date? In his car? Who the hell was this woman? I always saw her as this sweet, loving, but uptight mother type, not a woman who was fucking in cars on the first date. Apparently, Mom fucking in cars went all the way back to high school. Was she some kind of school slut back then? I couldn't believe my dad cheated on this woman. She sounded like a ton of fun. What was he thinking?
"Yeah? You think so?" Mom said, responding to a comment I couldn't hear. "Maybe you're right. Maybe I wore that dress because it was easy access. You did promise to make me come on our first date, remember? Ahh...didn't want to make it too hard for you...mmm..."
The buzzing from the garage changed pitch, lower and slightly muffled. Mom was using the toy on herself. I wanted to see!
"Oh? You want to see? Tell me what you want to see," Mom cooed. Fear ran through me like ice in my veins with the fleeting, irrational thought that my mother somehow read my mind. But that was silly. She was responding to Mark. "Yeah? You want to see my pussy? You want to see...ahh...this? Ohh..."
Mom shifted in the seat and put a leg up on the door, her foot through the window and touching the sideview mirror as she spread her legs wider. The shift brought more of her into view and I saw the promised land. My mother wasn't completely shaved, but kept a little triangle above her lips, like an arrow pointed down to where she needed attention. She had a pretty little pussy. Her lips were neat and trim, and I saw the pink within as the blunt tip of her fat, pink vibrator speared them open. The toy buzzed away as she slid it up and down her crease. The motion made Mom moan louder and her hips twitched.
"Yeah...yeah...it feels good...this is my best friend...ahh...better? I don't know...mmm...it's good...great...maybe...ohh...just teasin' hon...I miss you...miss that nice dick of yours..."
My own dick throbbed as I heard my mother moaned about missing cock. If she needed a cock, I had one right here for her. I lost the battle to resist and shoved my hand into my shorts, grabbing it.
"Tell me what you want...ahh...treat me like a whore...yeah...yeah...do it...ohh..."
It felt like my blood was boiling. Mom's words incited me. Treat me like a whore. My fevered young mind was sure Mom asked for that because of what she heard upstairs between me and Amber. I sure treated my girlfriend like my whore, and Mom wanted the same treatment. I'd love to do that with my mother.
"Yes," she hissed. "That's what I want. Do it, Mark. Make me your whore. Yes, tell me what to do, hon."
My teeth grinded as Mom pushed the thick vibrator past her opening. I couldn't believe what I was watching. I couldn't believe my mother was shoving that giant thing inside her so easily. She took it slowly, but still. I was impressed.
"Mmm...feels so good...yeah I want more...I want more...I want it all...ahh...yeah it would be so much better if it was real...I want the real thing...yeah I want it...I want you..."
The buzzing was muffled as Mom pushed that thing into her pussy. When it was about halfway in, she began working her hips, pushing at the vibrator like she wanted to push more and more into her cunt. She thumbed a button on the base, and it began making another weird sound, like crunching. Mom gasped and pushed the toy deeper.
"Yeah...so big...so thick...I love it...so full...like this?"
Mom plunged the rest of the big toy into her cunt and wailed. When it was buried inside her, that little forked extension pressed right against her clit.
"Ohh...ahhh...yeah...mmhmm...yeah...yeah I need it...I'll show you...yes I wanna be...I wanna be your whore..."
I gripped my cock tight and leaned against the wall for support, my forehead pressed against the window. I couldn't quite process what was happening. I wanted it, but it was so bizarre that my brain couldn't quite process it. I couldn't really be watching my mother fuck herself with a giant vibrator. That couldn't be happening. But it was, and it was glorious. I was glued to the vision in front of me as Mom put on the greatest show on earth.
"Ohh...say it...say it, Mark...tell me...tell me dammit! Yes! Yes! I'm your whore! I'm your dirty whore! Ohh...ahh...yeah...ahh yeah..."
Mom was really pumping that thing now. She fucked herself hard with that vibrating toy, and she was so wet I heard it squishing inside her from outside the garage. Her hips came up off the car seat and she pounded that thing into her pussy. I worked my cock and bit my free hand to stifle myself as I came, making a mess in yet another pair of shorts. I gave a quick glance around and was relieved to see no neighbors outside.
"Ahh...ahh...yes...yes...oh fuck! FUCK!"
Mom slammed her thighs closed around the toy and rolled to her side, away from me. All I could see was her sweet, round ass. She panted and moaned and shook. I knew she was coming. It was wild. I don't know if I ever heard my mother say fuck before in my whole life, but I guess it was appropriate since she was a dirty whore now. She said it herself.
"Oh god...Mark...ohh...mmm...I...I...yeah..."
Mom rolled back toward me and watching her pull the toy out of her pussy was just as impressive. It glistened with her juices and made a wet, sucking sound as she extracted it. Mom sighed deeply and giggled. "You liked that? Yeah? Sure, we can do it in person. Mmm, I can't wait. You know I can't wait."
I wanted to stay out there and keep listening to Mom's afterglow love talk but seeing her get off finally pushed me over the edge. I was ready to act. I edged back around the side of the house and went inside. I took a quick minute to clean up in the downstairs powder room before taking a seat in the kitchen. I stared at the door to the garage. The door slowly opened, and I braced myself. I was ready.