This is a continuation. Click my username to find part one.
********
Jack knew he was going to need some time to recover, so he laid Amy down and moved between her legs. He looked at her body. Her perky tits with their erect nipples still had slight teeth marks on them from their first activity. He noted his cum had rolled all the way down her breast and was beading on the tip of her nipple. This oddly made his cock twitch in delight, he might not need as much time as he thought.
Jack returned to admiring her. She had a flat stomach and a neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair. He leaned down and kissed her stomach. This made Amy moan and spread her legs wider. "Jack, please," she urged.
Jack kissed her inner thighs, gently at fist, but then getting bolder. He licked up her slit, tasting the juices that were already flowing. He flicked his tongue across her clit and Amy gasped. He slowly inserted a finger into her pussy. It slid in easily. She was soaking wet. He began to fuck her with two of his fingers while he licked her clit. She moaned louder and louder.
Amy's hands found their way to her tits and she massaged them. She didn't know why but she always felt she needed stimulation over as much of her body as possible. Jack pulled his fingers out and replaced it with his tongue. he lapped up her juices and teased her clit with his hands. He then returned his tongue to her clit and plunged three fingers into her pussy. She moaned again.
He sucked her clit fully into his mouth and flicked it with his tongue. Amy screamed and came hard, pushing her pussy against his face. He lapped up her juices and kept licking her clit. She halfheartedly begged him to stop but he wisely ignored her.
Jack continues licking her clit and fingering her pussy, not breaking his rhythm. Amy came again. And then again. This time she dropped her hands from her tits and Jack slowed down. She finally came down and opened her eyes. There were about 30-40 people watching them now. Amy deeply pleased, blushed. Jack looked around and then smiled down at Amy.
"You are so beautiful when you cum." He told her. Amy blushed even more and covered her face with her hands. The crowd applauded. Some of the single men in the crowd asked if they were ever going to get a turn. One stood out to Jack. He had been there since the beginning and witnessed how good Amy was with her mouth. He was feeling desperate to get involved and would do anything to be able to join the couple.
Amy nodded to Jack and then turned to the crowed. "I am not giving this one up," she said, gesturing towards Jack, "But he can only fill one of my holes at a time, and I always did enjoy being the center of attention."
Jack grinned at Amy and stood up. He didn't know how he got so lucky to find this women, but he knew he was willing to do whatever he needed to keep her happy. He was fantasizing about marrying this girl he just met today, and they hadn't even fucked yet.
He walked over to the guy who caught his eye and offered him his hand. "What's your name dude?"
"Uh, Mitch," Mitch replied. He was a little nervous to have been singled out, but his excitement was greater than his nerves. Mitch was a bit younger looking than Jack, but he would bet he was older than Amy. He was built a bit differently from Jack too, he was taller, skinnier, and his dick was built similarly. It was longer than Jack's by a few inches, but it was as thin as a rod. Jack thought this might be an interesting dichotomy for Amy to enjoy.
"It's nice to meet you Mitch," Jack said, shaking his hand. I think you will be the perfect addition for what I am imagining next.
"Likewise," Mitch said.
Amy watched the exchange with a smile. What did Jack have in mind, she wondered. "Jack, why don't you enlighten us on what to do next," she suggested as she shook Mitch's hand and pulled him in for a kiss on the cheek.
There was some grumbling from the crowd, most of whom were hoping to be invited to play too. Because he was now standing, Jack realized the crowd contained more than just the people gathered around them in the circle. There were couples and groups of people all throughout the beach on towels engaging in their own play where they could still watch him and Amy. The most surprising sight to Jack was a group of about ten single men. They were sitting very close together in a circle of beach chairs that were almost stacked on top of each other. They all had their cocks our and were beating one another off. Jack had never seen such a collection of different types of groups all engaging in their own thing while checking out each other like this before. He was enjoying it though and even though he had never been in a relationship with a man before, he was turned on by the group of men watching him. They all turned to him and made eye contact with Jack, clearly they were thinking about him too. They exchanged a quick nod and Jack returned to Amy and Mitch.
"What would you like us to do with you my love," Jack asked Amy. Amy blushed and flourished a little over the endearment, as crazy about Jack and he was with her.
"Well," she swallowed, " I think we should start with me sucking your cock," she gestured to Mitch and winked. "And Jack, love, I think its time I finally get to feel you inside me."
She wanted to be split roasted, Jack thought to himself, so damn lucky! He looked down and realized he was hard again. He couldn't believe it. He'd never recovered his erection this quickly before. He could even feel some precum leaking out of his cock onto his thigh. He was so excited by the crowd, by the idea of sharing, by the men who admired his body, and most of all, by Amy herself.
Amy was preparing herself to give Mitch the same treatment Jack received earlier. She grabbed a flavored condom out of her bag, she had let Jack be bareback but that was not her usual way and definitely wouldn't do two men at the same time without some protection. She wasn't sure why she wasn't concerned about Jack, but the idea of a barrier between them felt wrong.
She got on all fours, which seemed perfect for what she had in mind. She rubbed Mitch's cock a few times, making sure it was nice and hard before rolling the condom on with her teeth. Mitch made a small squeak, clearly excited about what was to come.
Jack positioned himself behind Amy and rubbed the head of his cock along her pussy'd lips. When he was perfectly lined up, he pushed himself in. She moaned loudly as he entered her. She was tight, not used to someone with his girth, but she was still wet and stretched from his hand so his head slid right in. He let her get accustom to his size and slowly started pushing into her, teasing her with his pace. She let out a sound of complained within her moan and Jack laughed. He pushed in deep and hard, until he was balls deep inside her. He pulled almost all of the way out, and slammed into her, balls smacking her clit.
Amy squealed around Mitch's cock, which she had started blowing while Jack was teasing her. Jack continued pounding her with surgical precision. Each time incredibly slowly pulling almost all the way out then slamming back in. She started moaning louder and louder. Jack knew what her moans felt like around his dick and looked up at Mitch who was concentrating but didn't seem like he was going to last much longer.
Jack grabbed Amy's long hair which was a total mess at this point, clearly losing its holder during their previous adventures. He used her hair to pull Amy's head back, giving Mitch more control over her mouth. He used his other hand to slap her ass hard and then spanker her again. She squealed and begged for more from both of them.
Jack reached around her and grabbed her breasts, pinching her nipple. Her moan getting even louder now and the vibration made Mitch lose his tenuous control. He came all over Amy's face, hair, and chest. Jack wondered if any mad it into her mouth. Mitch was young, and would recover quickly with all the stimulation around him. Jack hoped he didn't go too far, he had another idea to try with him.
As quickly as Mitch backed away, another man took his place, having put his own condom on while he was waiting. This guy was a little shorter than Mitch but just as handsome. Amy didn't complain and looked wager to have another hard dick in her mouth. This man was also a little older than they all were and realized immediately what Amy would like. He grabbed her hair to help control her head so she could just enjoy the ride and exploring with her tongue while the men drove the ship. He also grabbed her other tit and pinched and pulled it to make her moan.
He was a little rough as he shoved his small cock in Amy's mouth, which made he gag at first but once she grew accustom to his force she realized how close she was to him and grabbed his ass for balance and began to assert her own desires. She sucked and licked his balls, while playing with his ass. He was thrusting in and out of her mouth and she was loving every second of it.
Jack, meanwhile, hadn't let up. He was stroking her clit and teasing her nipple with trusting in and out of her pussy. He was pounding her in a steady rhythm now. In. Out. In. Out. Twist. Flick. In. Out.
Amy was screaming and begging for more. She came twice more before a third man approached her mouth. At some point the previous guy had unloaded his cum in Amy's throat. The new guy was huge. Built like a lineman or MMA fighter. His dark black cock was easily 11 inches long and even thicker than Jack's. He would be jealous, but no one had ever claimed he was wanting before so instead he just nodded at the guy and continued fucking Amy.
Amy looked at the new cock like it was Christmas Eve and someone just told her she could open all her presents early. Despite still moaning, she was considerable more quiet in her reverence of the new arrival. The guy took a condom out of Amy's bag, grape she thought, and rolled it down his length. She turned her head towards him and stuck her tongue out. She licked the tip of his cock and then wrapped her lips around his head. She sucked on it for a few seconds and then pulled away.
Turning back at Jack, she said, "I need you to fuck my ass." Jack didn't need any more encouragement. He loved anal, loved the way his women cummed every time he took their ass and the freedom his hands got to roam their body.
He got on top of her and lined his cock up with her asshole. He was covered in her juices and didn't need any additional lube. He pushed in slowly and Amy let out a loud moan. He was amazed that she was able to take all of him with relative ease. He could tell he was stretching her wide open. He started pumping in and out of her, slow and lazy at first. Amy had taken that beautiful dark cock back in her mouth at this point and Jack didn;t want her to lose control of herself.
As she calmed down a bit, Jack started pounding her a bit harder and a bit faster. he focused on pulling all the way out and then shoving his cock in again. With each thrust he was pushing her head down on the new guy's cock and she was sucking on it with gusto.
Most of their crowd were fucking now. The guys in the chairs were engaged in their own little orgy with a bisexual couple, and none of the others seemed to be able to stop themselves from finding their own fun. Not that Jack or Amy could tell. They were much too wrapped up in themselves and what they were doing to spare any attention to those around them.
Except for Mitch. Mitch was closer than the others, still standing right next to the threesome, hard again, and watching with unabashed wonderment and lust. Jack was slamming into Amy's ass and she was moaning louder and louder. She was cumming again and the man in her mouth was greatly enjoying himself. He has his hands all over her and hers all over him. He also looked like he wasn't finishing any time soon and Jack finally had a twinge of jealousy over his stamina.
Mitch wasn't sure what to do, and Jack felt the need to help him get involved again. He stopped for a moment and pulled out of Amy;s ass and put his hand on Mitch's shoulder. "Amy," he said, "You don't mind if Mitch gets a turn with your pussy do you?" Jack winked at Mitch.
Amy took the man out of her mouth and said "Not at all. Mitch get in here." Her eyes never left her new toy and as soon as she finished her sentence she was back on the man.
Mitch got down on the floor under Amy and began to eat her out. He was a little disoriented, never having down this inside out before, but he found her clit and sucked and flicked it.
"Uh, Mitch," Jack said, "We were actually thinking your would fuck her pussy while I continued to fuck her ass. Have you ever had a threesome before?"
Mitch looked embarrassed, "Um, not really. But, If we are fucking her at the same time, won't we, like, feel each other?"
Jack was slightly impressed with his knowledge of female anatomy. When he had done this with other first timers, they were always surprised to feel him. "Yes we will." Jack said, explaining, "feeling another dick in a girl is actually really hot, there are more sensations and its tighter, your gonna love it."
Even though she had the biggest cock she had ever seen occupying her mouth, Amy was beginning to feel empty. Not a sensations she particularly enjoyed when she was still wound up. "Guys, stop talking and get in me," She ordered. "Now."
Jack's groin twitched, how was she so damn hot. Giving orders made her even sexier. He indicated to Mitch that he should enter her first from below. As Mitch slid into place, the men helped Amy onto his cock. She was laying on top of him. Her plump ass sticking straight up in the air and the man in front kneeled near her face for easier access.
Mitch's length made Amy gasp, without even thrusting he was hitting her g-spot. She started moving on top of him seeing what else his length would do to her. She was moaning around the cock in her mouth again and there were hands on her clit, both breasts and she though Mitch might be sucking this guys balls since they were in his face.
Jack stood there admiring the scene for a moment. Right now Amy was doing a lot of the work that he would soon be taking over but she was fucking these two men in stride, barely faltering. He noticed that Mitch was really getting into it and was now sucking on the other guys balls and rubbing Amy's clit as the other guy squeezes her tits and flicks her nipples. These men clearly learned what Amy liked. Then her heard Amy moan his name, and his heart almost burst with affection and desire.
Continuing to watch her fuck these other men, he moved back to her perky round ass. There was a slight red handprint from here he had spanked her earlier. This made his cock pulse. He spit on his fingers and rubbed the saliva on her asshole. He pushed his fingers inside her tight hole and she let out a moan. She was still ready for him. He removed his fingers and pushed his cock into her ass as she moaned his name loudly.
"Oh my god, yes, Jack!" Amy moaned. The man she was sucking had cum on both her and Mitch's face and chests. Amy was in heaven, panting, and moaning, and coming. Fuck it, he was in heaven too. He pounded her ass as hard as he could and still maintain his control. He could feel Mitch moving within her too, separated from him by just a thin membrane. Their balls colliding whenever they trusted at the same time. Jack knew that this was the best fuck of his life and he wanted to keep fucking Amy forever. He was so close to cumming. He wanted to fill her ass with his cum. He wanted to make her scream.
"Oh god, Jack!" Amy moaned, "Don't stop!" Mitch was shooting his cum into Amy as she was screaming his name. Jack could feel Mitch's hot seed. The fact that he was lasting longer than the other two was inflating his ego. But he was close to his finish and honestly, wasn't sure how Amy was still going. He had lost track of how many orgasms she'd had.
Jack was the only one left. Mitch was cleaning up nearby and he wasn't sure where the Adonis had gone. He did mind being the only guy left with his girl. They could finish it how they started it. Together. He kept pounding into her ass, knowing he was going to explode at any minute.
Amy was shouting his name at this point. All those that had been around them were nearing their climaxes as well, the very air pulsated with lust. Jack was fucking Amy so hard that he was almost lifting her off the ground. He was going to cum soon, but he refused to not let Amy finish first. He reached around and grabbed both her breasts and tweaked her nipples.
Amy let out a long scream now. She was cumming so hard that she was crying. Her whole body was shaking around Jack's cock. His balls tightened and he started to cum. He shot load after load into Amy. He kept thrusting until he was spent. Then he collapsed on top of her. She rolled over and kissed him.
They laid there together. Amy wrapping her arms and legs around jack like a baby monkey. Everyone else was done with each other or had chosen to return to their beds. Amy was still shaking as after shocks rattled her body. Jack looked around and saw that Mitch was still standing nearby. Jack pointed to his long discarded pants. "My phone is in there," he told Mitch, " Program your number in and we'll call when we want to hang out with you again." He knew he shouldn't speak for Amy, he didn't even know what would happen with them. He just knew what he wanted and he hoped she did too.
Amy was still unable to talk, let alone follow a conversation after all that pleasure. So Jack just started whispering in her ear, telling her how much he liked her, how much fun they had, and how if it was up to him, he would never let her go.
They were still naked in the sand, limbs wrapped around each other as the beach emptied and the sun began to set. High tide was coming and the ocean was inching closer and closer. Amy wasn't ready to move though, and Jack wouldnt budge for all the riches in the world.
Eventually, Amy did speak, "Your not leaving now are you?" she asked.
Jack wasn't sure if she meant the beach, or the island, but either way his answer was the same. "You'll have to order me away before I leave you. But I think you might be a bit tired and sore. What do you say we get cleaned up and head back to my hotel?" Jack offered. "We can take a long bath and I'll make sure your every need is met."
Amy smiled up at him. "That sounds perfect. I love you." She untangled her limbs and Jack helped her up.
Jack wasn't sure he heard her right, but he loved her too and there would be time to tell her later, maybe in the bath, or in his giant king bed tonight. He tied Amy's suit back around her and packed up everything she pointed to. She showed some enthusiasm again as she helped Jack put his clothes back on, mostly stroking his abs and lingering as she helped him tuck into his pants.
She took his hand as he lead her away from their beach and the walked down the path together.
Jack