In this chapter Barbara and Sven get to know each other a little better and often have sex. They both are somewhat dominant and exhibitionistic. The first sign of trouble appears.
§2.1 The Netherlands, late April 1990.
Her last words still rang in my head.
"I really, really need you," she had said.
This choice of words seemed a bit strange to me, when you depart. Was this typically East German?
"Bye, I love you," or something like that, was something I would expect sooner.
At that time, just after the fall of the wall but before German unification, it was difficult to make telephone calls in the GDR. Mobile phones and the internet did not exist yet. The telephone network predated the war and could not cope with the sudden increase in telephone traffic. International telephone calls could even be called a disaster. They worked very hard to get the country in order, but it would take a long time before everything was ready.
Writing was the best way to keep in touch. The mail took one to two weeks. I could understand German quite well. Writing German is unfortunately something I'm very bad at, but necessity forced me to try.
My concentration was crap, I barely slept and I barely ate. My thoughts were focused solely on Barbara. Of course, the day after she left, I sent her a letter saying I loved her and wanted to see her again. Not only because of the fantastic sex, but also because I wanted to understand her a little better. She was extremely kind and full of odd mysteries.
Why did she want to divorce her sympathetic husband? That was incomprehensible. Why did she leave so abruptly when we first met? I didn't understand that either. Why was she kicked out of the GDR national Olympic gymnastics team? There must be a reason for that. How could she have become a nurse if she wasn't allowed to study? Too many questions.
Sometimes chance and luck conspire. A week after Barbara left, my wife and I received an invitation to a wedding. I had a job to do on the day of the wedding, so I couldn't come along. My wife went alone and was going to spend the weekend with her family after the wedding.
In a second letter to Barbara, I bluntly wrote that I assumed that she would like to meet me again and that I had therefore reserved a room in a German railway hotel about halfway through our residences. It was entirely up to her whether she wanted to appear. My letter would probably reach her in time. However, her answer would not be back in time. Anyway, I promised to be there.
Four days later I received a long letter from Barbara. Poste restante. She had already started it on the train, and had sprinkled it with her perfume. Her handwriting was terrible, but it quickly became clear to me that it was a real love letter. Barbara wrote that she was sick with desire to crawl safely into the arms of her big strong "Seebär." Was this a hint that I had a little too much bacon on my stomach? Or did it have to do with the canoe? She was difficult to fathom.
The envelope also contained some recent professional black and white photos of her in a sexy leotard. They looked like some kind of instructional photos. Barbara could be seen in all kinds of awkward positions. The photos were a bit erotic, but that might just be me. In one picture, she stood on her hands, bent back, with her feet under her chin. Some people can do truly astonishing things with their bodies! The photos came with a separate note that read:
"Just to make sure you don't forget me."
She was apparently still a little insecure about my feelings for her. She didn't have to worry about that though. She could now also deduce that from my letters. If I ever developed dementia, the last thing that would disappear from my memory would be her enraged look, with those breathtaking, sparkling, bright amber-brown eyes, when I first met her.
The photos suggested she was still doing gymnastics or athletics or something like that. This would immediately explain how she was so extraordinarily flexible and strong.
Barbara thanked me a great deal for the most beautiful day of her life, and she wanted to meet me again as soon as possible.
§2.2 West Germany, May 1990.
Dressed casually is something that feels comfortable for me. I normally wear a sweater and jeans or, if it's warm and the environment allows it, nothing at all. Women often want a well-groomed man, dressed in a smart suit. The renewed meeting with Barbara was of utmost importance to me, so I would go with all the bells and whistles. I had put some money aside for the hotel and dinner, and with my last guilders, I bought a return ticket to the chosen station.
It was a rainy day. Upon my arrival, I was not surprised that Barbara already was on the platform to see me again :-) Despite the weather, her coat was on top of her weekend bag. She wore a very short black dress with bare arms and a deep décolleté. A particularly revealing dress. Her dark purple satin bra and panties were clearly visible through the thin fabric. Her fantastic body was also clearly visible: muscular yet one hundred percent female. A woman on the warpath. She wouldn't let me escape!
Barbara flew to me and immediately jumped on my hips. Reconnecting our minds resulted in an explosion of pure happiness. Kissing, with her legs around my hips, her arms around my neck and my hands under her buttocks, we greeted each other. With two bags on my shoulder and a kissing Barbara on my hips, I walked to a building with the appropriate name "Railway Hotel". Wooden floor, worn carpets and plush on the tables. It was old and needed some maintenance, but It was clean and tidy. The agreed wide double bed in our room was more like a small twin bed, but that didn't bother us.
I thought it would be nice to sit down and cuddle a bit, but Barbara had something else in mind. She looked at me sultry and immediately stripped me of all of my clothes. I didn't need that anymore for the time being, she said, spinning around me like a tailor measuring me for a suit. Her conquest was inspected. Her eyes slowly moved over my naked body. She assaulted me with a lusty glance and struggled keeping her hands off me.
§2.3 Screwing and talking.
"Sit on the bed," she commanded.
I noticed before that she sometimes behaved a bit dominantly.
Barbara turned away from me and took off her panties. She turned back again so I could take a good look at her. She pushed the straps of her dress aside and gravity did the rest. She was standing right in front of me. Her vertical smile was almost at eye level, but hidden from view by her dense black lawn. Barbara looked at me defiantly and said:
"You're so good with bras, aren't you? Show me again how you do that."
I pulled her forcefully against me. With my nose in her dark bush, I immediately and unnoticed opened her bra. The pheromones hidden in her wildly erotic scent flowed into my body. With effort, I pushed her away from me again.
"Pay attention," I said, looking at her and snapping my fingers.
"Bra, free the breasts," I whispered conjuring.
"Continue," she said expectantly.
"They are free," I assured her.
"Damn," Barbara exclaimed after her bra suddenly dropped.
She spun around provocatively with her hands on her head and swayed her hips and shoulders. Her breasts danced. The intention was crystal clear. After opening the duvet further, she pushed me onto my back and lay half on top of me. She was shaking all over. Her nipples were stiff and my rod was rock hard, which always gives me a wonderful, powerful feeling.
We looked deeply into each other's eyes, and she was completely beaming. Those fantastic bright amber-brown eyes, together with her fiercely erotic scent, made her irresistible. Every cell in my body was drawn to her by an unknown force. Head over heels in love, we started kissing tenderly. Much quieter than the first time in the Netherlands. There was no rush. We had almost 24 hours. I stroked her hair and while I did so I also stroked her earlobe. She gasped, her body contracted and began to shake again.
She raised her head, looked at me inquisitively and asked, "How did you know? I never told anyone that. Even Walt (her husband) is unaware."
"When you came to stay with me, I had no knowledge of who you were and I really didn't know how to force you to orgasm, so I had to find out. While we were making out on the lawn, I tried all kind of tricks on you and carefully observed your responses. I was lucky with that earlobe. There are some cool things I already know about your body ... you can't handle this," I said.
As I tickled her side, she started giggling and squirming.
"Don't do that, I can't stand it," she shouted.
"That's what I said," I said.
" This makes you horny, " I said and put my boner through her gate.
"Why didn't Walt know that touching your earlobes turns you on so much?" I asked. "He should know something like that, right?"
Barbara told me Walt had never found out, and she never told him. She felt that he should have discovered that for himself. Strange I thought, if you like something like that and you love each other, then you should tell, right?
I'm not really suspicious, but I'm not naive either. Would she honestly tell me everything I should know?
Slowly but surely, we built up the tension until we were both ready to explode. Her black hole sucked in my cock, my body, the hotel and even the entire universe. Only love and ecstasy remained. We floated together in a blissful void. It was shortly before the Big Bang.
This time we made love very differently than a few weeks ago on the lawn. Barbara was not merely occupied to let me explode. This time, she was truly enjoying our merger. Not that she became selfish and she forgot my needs. On the contrary, she did everything to make me enjoy it too. I made an effort to convey the overwhelming love I had for her. It wasn't about her experiencing an incredible orgasm, no, I just wanted to express my love. Our courtship was now an expression of love for each other. That love was intense and our sex was intense as well. We were both very fit and had excellent control over our bodies.
Barbara couldn't hardly handle it anymore. Time to clamp her head tight and thrust roughly a few more times. That was too much for her. She started shaking violently. Completely devastated, I decided to give in to my own lust. I came violently. We lay together, exhausted, but deeply connected. After a while, Barbara broke the silence.
"That was really nice," she said, a little disappointed. "Too bad it's over. You lasted much longer last time."
"Do you believe it's over?" I asked in surprise.
"You've run out of steam now," she stated.
"Not much seed is coming out today, but everything else is still working fine," I said reassuringly.
"We go on all day." I took Barbara's hand and placed it on my cock. Life returned almost immediately. Soon her hand could no longer cover my growing erection. She looked at me with pleasant surprise.
Three Big Bangs later, Barbara fell asleep. With her pulled tight against me, I fell asleep myself. After half an hour I woke up. Barbara was playing with me. In one hand she had my balls and with her other hand my little snake was being lovingly massaged. Every now and then a tender kiss was placed on it.
The snake suddenly became less elastic and began to increase significantly in size and length. Barbara watched mesmerized and soon realized that I had woken up.
"What a very nice and beautiful thing that is. It's amazing that something like this can get so big. I could play with that forever," she said. The big snake received another tender kiss.
"Sven? How is that possible?" She pointed to my half erection and continued: "Other men can't last even a minute with me, when I want them to come and you can last longer than me and when you do come at last, you can do it three times more. It looks like you are ready again. Isn't something like that impossible?"
"I 'm not sure why I can do that," I said. "It seems that the production of the hormone prolactin, whitch moderates arousal, is suppressed when I am very aroused. So it's partly because of you, because you really turn me on. In fact, I can cum much more often. Ten times is no problem either. It's a rare kind of anomaly I think. Charlie Chaplin had that too. It's just a matter of imposing your will on your body. You can also cum more often in succession. I think it's the same for men as it is for women, but It's a bit more difficult because a man has to produce sperm."
By now I knew Barbara's body quite well, but I knew almost nothing about her character. It became clear that it was crucial to talk to each other. There were several incomprehensible matters that required clarification.
"Have you cheated on Walt often?" I asked.
Barbara looked at me understandingly. Apparently she had expected these kinds of questions. She told me she had been on an adventure a few times before. It hadn't given her any satisfaction, and she felt a little ashamed. She had confessed her adultery to Walt. He had reacted dejectedly and promised to do his utmost to make her happy. There was no point. They were married, there was affection, but there was no passion. Barbara said she would rather have been beaten up by him. That struck me and I wanted to understand how she meant it, but Barbara beat me to it.
"Sven, have you ever cheated before?"
"Never," I said. "And if it hadn't been for you, it never would have happened. If you want to start something with someone else, you should first deal with a divorce. What I did is not nice. Nevertheless, I don't regret it. I still love my wife, but she no longer loves me. She thinks I'm a worthless good-for-nothing. There is no reason to be loyal anymore."
"The love and sex we had during the canoe trip was not intentional. It happened and I didn't want to fight or deny it. It seems this was inevitable. We should be very grateful to that woman who was lying next to us when we had sex for the first time."
"How come?" Barbara asked in surprise.
"While you did everything to show to me that you were in love with me, I sat there indifferent, passive and full of longing to you, not noticing your love for me. That lady saw that we were madly in love. She opened my eyes. Without her we wouldn't be in bed together right now," I said.
Barbara understood what had happened.
"Why did you want to make me come so quickly during our first time? That wasn't convenient, was it? That way you wouldn't have benefited yourself," I said.
"Sven," she looked straight at me with her bright amber brown eyes and said softly: "On the contrary, I only did it for myself. I need you, and that's why I wanted to give you something so that you could never forget me again."
I told her that I had planned the same thing. She whispered to me that I had succeeded completely. It was indestructibly etched in her memory. We kissed and I rubbed her Venus mound affectionately.
"You accomplished it too." I said.
When I inquired about her and her husband's relationship, Barbara replied that she had known Walt since birth. He lived across the street and they went to the same kindergarten. When the gymnastics became more serious, she went to a sports boarding school. Contact with boys was prohibited. Outside boarding school she actually only met Walt. He was kind and had always liked her. They were married very young. Barbara hadn't really thought about that. She hardly knew other boys. Getting married seemed logical.
The biggest problem was that Walt was so nice. He did everything she asked, and she couldn't cope well with that. She wished she didn't have to ask or say anything. He had to take the initiative himself, but that wasn't in his nature. He wasn't like that at all. Barbara wanted someone to tell her what to do. Someone who could convince her, or even force her. Someone who could do everything better than herself. Someone she could look up to. Barbara found it difficult to respect people who were less good at something than herself.
That hit like a bomb. A bomb that would destroy our relationship. My member shrank. My wife stopped respecting me, and that's why our relationship was over. We just weren't divorced yet. The situation was very similar to that of Walt and Barbara. She had little respect for Walt and was already in the middle of a divorce.
The question arose whether we had a future together. Barbara had competed in gymnastics at the Olympic level and had a respectable job as a nurse. No doubt she would one day realize that I was an insignificant man compared to her. A person without career or status. A man who doesn't quite fit into society.
During our conversation, I wandered around Barbara's paradise with one hand and tickled sensitive spots. With my other hand, I caressed one of her breasts. Barbara alternated between my balls and my member. She immediately felt that something was wrong.
"Why did it shrink?" she asked, alarmed.
"Barbara, we have a big problem. We can't go on with together. I am a nobody. You will never find someone who is better than you at everything. That is impossible. You do understand that I don't suit you, right? In any case, you are much more flexible than I am, you speak Russian and I don't, you a nurse and I am not and you can sing from sheet music and I can't. There will be a lot more."
"Sven, I know I'm fool," she said sadly, "But with you it's different. I can't explain it, but I really, really need you. I knew it immediately when I first saw you. You are very kind, incredibly smart, big and strong. You are someone who can easily subdue me, someone who can protect me, someone who will never be mocked, someone who dares to say loudly in my own repressive country that our government is criminal. People listen to you when you say something. You get everything done and you go your own way without worrying about what busybodies think."
After a moment of silence, Barbara said very seriously: "Sven, I am truly in need of you. Without you, I will drift into infinity."
I didn't understand exactly what she meant by everything she had said. It was certainly an exaggeration, but it was clear to me that she was sure that I, her Seebär, was the only one who suited her. Barbara couldn't miss me at all, despite my shortcomings. Her feminine logic has reassured me tremendously. We would see if we would make it together.
§2.4 Walking thru town.
It was time for dinner. As we were far from done with each other, we decided to search for a Greek restaurant. Fast, tasty, and affordable. We needed some time to get a little more decent. Barbara's haircut was ruined by me and we were definitely not fresh anymore.
Barbara said she had something for me. It was a beautiful silk shirt with dark brown bargains. Very German and much nicer than my own shirt. Barbara thought silk felt much nicer than the fabric of my own shirt. If I wore it, she would be able to feel my skin much better when she touched me.
After everything she had said in bed, I was curious how she would react if I acted a bit bossy and headstrong. While Barbara was freshening up, I hid her panties, bra, jacket and bag. On the platform she wore a risqué short dress, which was black, sleeveless and thin, with a low-cut front and a very bare back. A bit translucent too. She had looked stunning. It was clearly a dress meant to make men, particularly me, crazy. That dress was the only piece of clothing I left hanging over the chair. I was already dressed, but without underwear.
"Where is my underwear?" Barbara asked.
"That little risky dress is all you need," I said almost gruffly, pointing to the chair. "Anyone who plays with fire must accept the consequences."
She said nothing, smiled endearingly and put on the dress. The sun had broken through, and there was a mischievous summer breeze. Every now and then, the wind blew up her little dress a bit. Viewed from the front, the mop of hair on Barbara's pubic mound could easily be mistaken for a thong. The view to her rear was excellent. While Barbara walked in the sunlight, the translucent dress could well be called transparent.
"Should we go back so you can put on some underwear?" I asked. "This is very flashy."
"Can't you handle it? When a man plays with fire, he must accept the consequences. It is your job to protect me, great Seebär." Barbara looked at me like a strict school teacher.
A very self-confident goddess walked next to me. Smooth, graceful and dashing. She wasn't afraid of anything. Her Seebär would protect her. Barbara had that sweet, endearing smile again so my hard-on was at its max. An older couple walked up. The woman shouted something like "indecent" and her husband bumped into a planter. Barbara certainly attracted attention, but the vast majority of people pretended not to see. They looked away, but looked again a moment later. It should be noted that nudity in Germany, was perceived much lighter than in most other countries. It's not a major issue for the Germans.
The walk was great and I was proud to be her companion. Barbara seemed to be having a good time too. To her, any suitable fence or railing was a balance beam on which to balance. She was very playful and wasn't ashamed at all. Barbara frolicked from one shop window to another. She regularly flew around my neck to kiss me. Everyone was made aware that we belonged together. Our happiness and infatuation were visible to everyone.
"Do you like walking through the city with me like this?" I asked.
"Don't ask so many. You don't have to know everything," she said.
To get confirmation, I grabbed her by the pussy. The little dress had a lot of advantages. Barbara allowed my boldness without moving a muscle. Soaking wet. The wetness even ran down her legs. I took a handkerchief, wiped them clean, and got a kiss.
"You seem to like it," I said.
Barbara jumped me, her legs were around my waist and her arms around my neck. Her dress moved slightly up a bit, but it didn't bother her. She started kissing me excitedly.
"You are incredible, truly incredible. You allow yourself everything. You are very rude. You are my Seebär. You are one hundred percent male. I'll do anything, anything, anything for you," she whispered in my ear.
"How did you know I liked this?"
"It was just an inspiration and then I thought: I'll just try it," I said with a big arrogant smile.
She slapped me in the face. "You are insufferable. What a nerve."
She immediately started kissing me passionately again.
"Sorry Sven, I don't know what's wrong with me. It just happened. I really, really love you," and the fervent kissing continued.
"If there is something or if I do something that you don't like, you must tell me right away. I will stop immediately. I've always longed for a woman like you, but I never thought such a woman would actually exist. You are very special. I never want to lose you ever," I said.
There I stood, with a half-naked woman in my arms. A woman I had only known for a few days and didn't know much about yet. Our common life consisted largely of fucking. A good start, of course. She completely enchanted me. My life, which previously mainly consisted of living on, has changed into a daze of happiness.
Deep down, I realized that our love was not completely normal. It didn't matter to me. Barbara wanted me and I would do anything for her, but I knew it would be better not to reveal the latter to her. Love is blind, but my mind wasn't completely gone yet. She shouldn't start thinking I was just like Walt. Making her happy became my goal in life, but she was not allowed to discover that.
Barbara was a very complex girl, and I had to find out as quickly as possible how she was like and what made her tick. It was clear to me that I should not become too meek in any case, she could not handle that. The initiative and direction had to come from me, and I had to guess what she would like without making mistakes, because that would have nasty consequences. Complicated and exciting.
§2.5 Adventure in a Greek restaurant.
A suitable restaurant was quickly found. It was cozy and the food was excellent, but we missed that. We were deeply absorbed in each other.
Like most people, I have secret fantasies that I normally don't reveal to anyone. However, I would confide in Barbara and therefore hoped that she would tell me something about her own deepest feelings and desires. It's possible that we could lend a hand to each other, or maybe we had common dreams.
Barbara, I need to tell you that I have some desires and fantasies that some people may not comprehend, but I don't want to hurt anyone, especially not you. You do trust me, right?"
"Of course Sven, totally. Just tell me what to do, and I will do it."
"That's not what I mean. Just listen, there's no need to do anything. This is something I've never told anyone before. You should know that I like to be naked, even in front of women, but it's not like an old man flashing women. It certainly is not my intention to scare women. That's not what I want. It's just nice not to have clothes on when you don't have to. Swimming in swimming trunks is both idiotic and hypocritical in my opinion. Being naked in female company is a pleasant feeling to me. It feels like it should be that way. That's really all it is.
"That's nothing special," Barbara said. "I used to always go on holiday to Rügen with my parents and brothers. We were naked there for days. We still went there, until a few years ago and I also hung out there with boys. Naked people are very normal to me. I have no problem with that at all. There are many Germans who recreate naked."
"That's not all," I said. "I would like to become sexual overpowered by a beautiful woman without being able to do anything about it, just because she's stronger than me. She grabs me by my balls and penis and starts jerking me off, forcing me to cum. I also fantasize about a tribe of Amazons capturing me because they want my seed. It's strange, but dreaming of such humiliations turns me on. Of course, something like that never happens, there are no women who want something like that, but in fantasy anything is possible. I don't know why that is, but women who are strong and smart are very attractive to me."
"What also excites me is a woman who is being abused and who does not pitifully ask for mercy, but rather offers resistance. For example, when she is whipped, or when she is sprayed with a very hard jet of water. Don't get me wrong, I don't enjoy the torture or suffering of those women and I certainly don't want to do something like that myself. Hurting women is an unpleasant idea to me, and if I encounter something like that, I will definitely take action. The fight, the unyielding resistance, and the sheer courage of women are the things that matter to me."
"Women who are having a hard time, but who don't moan it. Women who resist and fight back. Those women have a special place in my heart, they are irresistible. I really don't mean to harm anyone and I never have."
You are now aware of the desires and fantasies within me. If you don't want me anymore, then I find that very annoying, but because I love you, I thought you should know who you are dealing with. Other than that, I'm just a normal guy, the guy you met, who you can trust. Someone who doesn't want to force any woman to do something that she doesn't want to do herself."
Barbara's face was filled with an inscrutable smile.
She seemed momentarily upset and took some time to process these revelations, eventually saying: "You are not ordinary at all. You are truly very special. No one is like you, so strong, so calm and so wise. I actually feel extremely safe with you."
"Would you promise me something?" I asked.
"Anything you ask," Barbara said benevolently.
"Then promise me that if I do something you don't like, if I go too far with something, or if I hurt you, that you always will tell me honestly. You really have to promise me that, otherwise I won't dare do anything to you. If there is something you like, then you should tell me too. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Will you promise me that too?" I asked.
"Sven," she wanted to kiss me, but the table was just a little too wide, "I promise."
"Sven, then I have to tell you something right away. You shouldn't tell anyone about this, but just like you, I also like to be humiliated. I don't know why that is. It is a need that makes me happy."
So, we could both enjoy of humiliation. I thought that was good for our mutual understanding and trust.
"I think I just fulfilled your wish to be humiliated, but I also did it because I wanted to put you on display," I whispered.
"You didn't humiliate me at all," Barbara said. "On the contrary, it made me proud that everyone could see that I have someone with whom I am completely safe. When you are with me, I dare everything."
With Barbara things always went a little differently than you would initially expect.
"Sven, there's something else I need to tell you. You seriously hurt me the first time we were making out in the pasture."
That really shocked me.
"That wasn't the intention," I stammered. "What did I do?"
"Barbara looked at me a little shyly and said very softly and in a deep voice: "You are so big. If you insert that," she pushed her foot into my crotch, "all the way into me, you will hit my uterine exit. I've never had that feeling before. It is especially painful afterwards. Then I feel it deep in my stomach."
It was terrible that I hadn't noticed anything even though I paid so close attention to what she liked and didn't like. My sex rod was slightly longer than ordinary and certainly not extreme. It's a good thing I knew this now. That wouldn't happen to me again. Pain can be pleasurable, but it must be intentional and desired by both parties.
"Sorry Barbara, if I hurt you again, you have to tell me right away. I am really sorry. That was absolutely not my intention. I don't want this to happen again," I whispered.
"It's not a big deal, I am adept at dealing with pain. When something hurts terribly, I always listen to pleasant music in my head and shut myself off from the pain. That always works very well for me. This way I can endure the most severe pain for hours. The torment always ends eventually. You just have to get through it and that is very doable," Barbara said.
I was greatly shocked about what she said and wanted to learn all the details about it, but at that moment the waitress came with the food ...
When silicone breast fillings are applied correctly by a skilled surgeon, the result can look great. I usually, find these types of artificial breasts to be a bit too big and too stiff. It's also a shame that those breasts don't move smoothly, because they are too stiff for that. In my opinion, they don't wiggle and wobble enough.
Barbara's breasts were natural and quite large, but not excessive. Barbara's breasts did not hang as much as bigger breasts usually do. While eating, those breasts were constantly swaying and jiggling before my eyes. With every bite, every word, every breath, the breasts moved erotically over my retina. My face wanted to meet those beautiful boobies, to be buried in them, but the table was too much of an obstacle.
Ultimately, the sight became too overwhelming for me. Luckily our table was a little further back and there wasn't too much light. Occasionally, I would grab Barbara's breasts and rest them in my hands, as if I were assessing pumpkins at the market. It was indecent and disrespectful. Every now and then I stroked Barbara's hair and her ears. She reacted just like a cat. She was bunting me in return and seemed to be purring. My grabbing didn't bother her at all, but the fact that she couldn't do anything in return did.
Barbara leaned over and whispered: "Sven, you're mean, I can't reach anything. Loosen your pants."
Barbara's mischievous eyes make it impossible to refuse her anything. I had to obey, and immediately undid my belt, opened the buttons on the waistband of my pants and lowered the zipper on my fly.
My pecker stood straight up. Ready for use.
Barbara stepped out of her shoes and forcefully pressed one of her feet into my crotch. Even her toes turned out to be flexible. Her big toe flopped along my pecker on one side, the adjacent toe rested on the end of my foreskin. First my cock was massaged and then Barbara started jerking me off under the table. With her foot! It seemed very difficult to me, but she did it. Just lifting one leg and shaking my penis is doable, but it's not easy to continue the massaging and jerking off. A pure tour de force.
After a while she switched feet. She was working with a grim look and eyes full of fire. I had seen her like that before. On the pasture, during our canoe trip. She wouldn't give up until she completed her mission. For her it was a matter of do or die. My legs were too long and I couldn't get my shoes off easily. Barbara had cornered me, and I was defenseless. She looked at me triumphantly with a broad smile. Without being able to do anything in return, I was jerked off. It turned me on immensely and it was clear I wouldn't be able to last long. It wasn't a choice, it happened to me. One of my wishes came true, and one of hers too. Completely powerless, I let her have her way. Barbara's breasts were bouncing wildly up and down. She saw that I was having a hard time, but she didn't hold back. On the contrary, her effort became even wilder and meaner. I was hers, she could do anything to me and she did. Without mercy.
Barbara looked at me commandingly and shouted loudly: "Now."
She had discovered my weak spot and I squirted on her command. The table shook. A plate broke. Barbara's foot came loose and inadvertently landed on my scrotum. A horrifying cry of pain escaped my throat. As everyone looked at us, I blushed with embarrassment.
"Now I've finally got you," Barbara exclaimed triumphantly.
The girl at the counter realized what had happened. She had been watching us the whole time and now came towards us with a bright smile on her face. She handed me a paper napkin and asked if I wanted anything. Barbara giggled furtively, and the waitress laughed along with her too.
"It's obvious who's in charge here," she said.
I secretly tried to get my dick back in my pants, but of course that didn't work. Barbara and the waitress laughed so hard they almost choked.
The girl inquired, "Should I help you?"
Barbara and the waitress couldn't stop laughing. I was embarrassed and at the same time I enjoyed it. The humiliation was complete and yet I was proud that such a breathtakingly beautiful woman had jerked me off. Despite the sickening pain in my balls, my penis started to grow again. Despite this, I eventually managed to get it back in my pants.
When leaving the restaurant, the waitress stopped by and asked if everything had been to our liking. She grabbed my crotch and said with a defiant smile that she would like to see us again.
§2.6 Walking to the hotel.
Outside, Barbara immediately unzipped my fly and pulled out my pleasure rod.
"He's mine," she shouted enthusiastically.
"Won fair and square," she shouted, laughing loudly. She wanted the whole world to know it.
Barbara loved that she made me squirt without me being able to bring her to an orgasm. This was her first victory over me. Her honor as a woman was saved. Finally. Like a personal slave, I was pulled along at my candy cane. She was as happy as a puppy with a bone.
The fact that I had come forcibly and on command and that I was now being dragged through the street at my handle, turned me on enormously again. To make matters worse, Barbara had started to undo the buttons of my new silk shirt.
All evening, from the moment Barbara left the hotel in her risqué, revealing dress, I had been egging her on. Both of our will powers was severely tested. I felt like we were almost at the point where we could no longer control ourselves. We experienced the same thing before on our canoe trip. At the time this was not a big problem, but here in the center of the city it was different. The Germans can accept nudity, but fucking on the street is something completely different. Moreover, the paving was not nearly as attractive as a pasture with a large bath towel.
The natural urges within us were dangerously strong. A solution had to be found quickly. In a few moments, we would be rolling down the street together uncontrollably. My love lance would pierce Barbara's gate of heaven, and the rest of the world, at least for us, would disappear. We would definitely get troubles.
To my great relief, I saw a gate giving access to a typical German courtyard. The big doors were open. I pulled Barbara's dress over her head, and before she could react I dragged her behind one of the large doors. We were out of sight! Lying on the cobblestones didn't seem like anything to me. It had to be done standing. That was new to me, but Barbara was small, light and sporty. I thought we could make it work. Barbara had now arrived at my pants, which fell down to my ankles.
"Jump," I shouted.
She understood and immediately did what I asked. Barbara lowered herself over my charging station. She had not come for quite some time and was clearly ready for another fuck.
With her arms around my neck and one of my hands under her buttocks, she was bonking, firmly anchored to my anchor bolt. With my other hand, I fingered her without directly touching her pearl. Although my endurance was being sorely tested, the act of love felt overwhelmingly good. A feeling of infinite happiness took possession of my entire body.
"Close your eyes and surrender to your feelings. The rest of the world no longer exists. There is only pleasure," I whispered. A hypnotist probably did no better.
Barbara surrendered to her feelings. The things she could do to my body were so incredible, I even can't describe them. Making love, hanging from my body, was just as easy for her, as making love in bed. The advantage was that we both had a little more freedom of movement than when we were lying down. It was difficult to do it with the pants around my ankles. Barbara sat like a cowgirl on a rearing stallion. She raged like no other and I jumped and spun around wildly. All the pent-up tension came out. That we did not lose our balance was only due to Barbara's balancing skills and the proximity of the door and the brickwork.
"Loose it," I whispered in her ear and nibbled down her earlobe.
She cringeed violently. Both my neck and my tool were briefly strangled. Barbara opened her eyes, looked at me, and showed her endearing smile. What incredibly beautiful eyes, I couldn't stand it. They radiated love and happiness. Barbara gave me a kiss. My orgasm was approaching.
"Done," she said.
My climax could no longer be suppressed. With the greatest difficulty, I stayed on my feet.
"Me too," I said.
"We can move on." Barbara said while dismounting me.
Two individuals who completely understand each other. Incredible!
My nice suit was no longer very neat. I had to fix that somehow in the hotel. Barbara got her dress back. She said, still a bit bewitched: "As long as you protect me, I don't really need it, and if I wear it now it will get dirty. Being ashamed of the body that nature has given you is idiotic. All I need is you. Just keep it with you."
After the war, the Germans were still somewhat apathetic. You better not interfere with anything. Barbara grabbed my handle again, and I put an arm around her. As if it were the most normal thing in the world, we walked back to the hotel.
It wasn't far and we managed to sneak past reception unseen and reach our room. We immediately took a shower and carefully scrubbed each other clean. Soon, I became excited again. Barbara's condition could not be checked with a wet, soapy hand. Yet it was clear to me that she too was ready for a new wooing.
§2.7 The secret fantasy.
Dry off and then go back to bed. We hugged, kissed and we looked at each other. Barbara wanted to confide something to me that she hadn't told me yet at the restaurant.
"Sven, I want to be raped one day. I've been thinking about that for years. Not actual rape by a stranger. That's horrible and I don't want that, but if someone I can trust would do it, I would like it to happen someday. Do you still get it? It sounds a bit illogical, but that's how it feels. It must be really horrible. I don't want a play. This will just make you laugh."
In a certain way, I thought I kind of understood. Later it turned out that it was a much more complicated than I thought at the time.
"Something like that isn't funny at all. Rape is not something that turns me on. It's disgusting. Forcing others to do something is not acceptable, nor is it respectful. I do not want that, but if that's what you really want, I'll rape you sometime. I will do anything to make you happy.
"Sven, I'm warning you. It's just a fantasy. You shouldn't do it, it's really, very dangerous. If you try that, I'll be a completely different person. I'm going to defend myself. I'm going to hit, scratch and kick and I'm going to crush your balls completely. If I get my hands on a knife, I will stab you to death. I'm going crazy, I'm sure. Don't make fun of this, because I am very serious. I am extremely strong and extremely fast."
Barbara was dead serious. At that moment, she lashed out like lightning with her nails. Three lines of small blood droplets appeared on my stomach. She didn't even realize what she was doing. It was a clear warning. Suddenly, for a moment, a wild predator lay next to me. A cougar glaring at me furiously with her beautiful amber brown eyes.
Barbara continued: "It's incomprehensible. I have to be raped and I also know that I can't let it happen. I am going to fight back, that is unfathomably deep within me."
"Fighting back, is something I admire. For me, It is exciting and attractive," I said.
You should never underestimate an opponent, but it was difficult for me to imagine that Barbara would have a chance against me. It, perhaps, was true that Barbara could have a second, violent side. She was a complicated girl. I stopped talking about it for the time being. Barbara was a wonderful woman. It was truly incomprehensible that she really wanted me. What a luck. It seemed too good to be true.
In love, Barbara started playing with my family jewels again. She could hardly keep her hands off it. We chatted a bit about our latest adventure and Barbara mentioned that her feminine spots were always accessible to me as appropriate women's clothing provided that opportunity. She thought it was a pity that my nice spots, she squeezed my balls, were barely accessible to her, even though she really enjoyed playing with her playthings.
It's common to say that men and women are equal. Of course, that's not actually true, but we all do have the same intrinsic value, and should treat each other with respect and fairness. That's why I promised Barbara that I would wear roomy pants in the future. Command. I would cut out the inner pockets. Barbara looked at me mischievously. She was excited about that.
We didn't want to waste our precious time sleeping. The train would be a good place to do that. We just wanted to make love and talk as much as possible.
Whenever we were together, nature always forced us to do what we were meant to do, over and over again. We ended up in a particularly intense act of love. Barbara had already had a few orgasms and finally I allowed myself an orgasm too. Stars appeared before my eyes. Barbara lay on top of me and my lance was still inside her, refusing to shrink. I gave Barbara another kiss and unintentionally fell asleep.
Barbara fell asleep almost immediately after me and soon woke up again. She was having a good time without me noticing. After a few hours, I woke up too. The sun rose. Barbara's cylinder was tightly clamped around my piston. She shook and trembled. The seed engine performed like a charm. A smile of satisfaction appeared on her face. She glanced at me, panting heavily and out of breath, and said:
"Good morning Seebär. How is it possible? Despite sleeping, you still fuck like a rabbit. Incomprehensible, very special. I continue to be amazed."
Not even for a moment, my joystick had been removed from her. It had been in service for over an hour without any problems. Nevertheless, my body felt reborn. It was the first time something like this happened to me, and I hadn't even noticed it..
We had breakfast first and then went back to bed. We couldn't get enough of it. The moment came when we had to say goodbye. At the station, we agreed that we would tell our spouses what had happened. Without details, of course. The announcement was painful enough. At least next time, we wouldn't have to meet so secretly. We kissed each other again after giving each other a heavy hickey on the neck. Barbara grabbed my crotch and I caressed her breasts. The doors closed and gone she was. :-)
If you liked this story, please consider giving five stars.
If you have problems understanding my English, please let me know.