"Well done Editors."
Teacher Edna Devereaux congratulated her journalism class on another successful year of yearbook coverage. This school year, thanks to Monica Gift and her Braless Brigade, hell everyone in school pretty much, the book was flooded with well orchestrated behind the scenes pornographic photos. It was a good thing Edna had poor eyesight. Additionally, now with Principal Lloyd Janson turning his head the other way to their perversions in light of his own pleasures, they had the yearbook of the century heading off to the printers. Monica had Lloyd by the balls now that he had let it be known that his secret lifestyle as a male submissive seeking her as his dominant was out in the open. He had recently bought her at the Slave for a Day charity, Monica presuming she would be his slave never saw what was coming. Once Lloyd let her in on what he knew about her antics in school she considered her upcoming graduation to be moot. How very wrong she was.
Lloyd begged Monica to control him, to treat him as a worthless piece of shit. Funny, considering he was the leader over some 3,700 students in High School. His power was on the outside, his switch now off, his inner most demons sought to be abused. She needed the experience so Monica managed to bluff her way into being his Mistress of BDSM. A sworn oath between them, Lloyd had now lost all control over himself, in honor of Monica the Magnificent. She made Janson her bitch, the remainder of the school year was going to be awesome. Now, if she could just do everything she wanted without getting Lloyd fired.
Luckily for Janson the male Teachers at least knew of some things he had done, just as he knew of things they had partaken in. Everyone had a guilty mark in their career, so nobody wanted life to be any harder than it already was. With a vast majority of the student body backing Monica and her brigade of beauties those that had seen or taken part were loyal. One slip it was game over for everyone. The trouble is, everyone involved even by saying nothing were associated, so if one falls, so falls the empire. A little under two months more and everyone could sigh with relief.
Now that the yearbook was off to press, there were debts to be paid. A certain class photographer was calling said debt due. Jimmy Newton was still a virgin. Although nervous, he was ready to end that reality in spades.
"Let's do this." Jimmy threw his overweight bulk against the lockers next to Monica making her jump and drop her books. Catching her breath she just bulged her eyes.
"Scare the hell out of me why don't you?"
"Sorry! It's been two weeks now. The auction is over so there's no reason to use that as an excuse anymore. I did everything you guys asked of me. I want to get laid."
"We both know Sonya would give it up to you, just ask her."
"I like Sonya. I reallllly like her, but I know me. If I get with her first I'll wanna be faithful. I need to be a playa first, while I can. Please tell me the Brigade won't let me down, I have faith in you Monica." He looked worried that he himself was being played.
"Obviously, I can't force any of them, but they did swear to me they would keep their word. Loyalty among ho's."
"They hate me don't they? If I make them go through with it I'll be on their boyfriends shit list." He grew panicky, "I'm dead I just know it."
"Let's find out if you need to be fitted for a body bag." She looks to her blind side to spot her friend Toby at his own locker, just closing up. Seeing Monica look his direction made the boy smirk and move in for the kill. As Monica calmed Jimmy, Toby eased up behind her and gripped Monica by her hips, pressing his body into hers then dry humping her ass over her skin tight leggings for better effect. Laughing at Toby she winked at Jimmy, "And, here's our first verdict."
"What's up slut?"
"Toby? How do you feel about Jimmy having sex with your girlfriend Lindsey?" Hearing her Toby stopped humping her in favor of a temper tantrum, nudging her aside he doubled up a fist sharing it's threat with Jimmy.
"YOU'RE DEAD MEAT NEUTRON." As Jimmy cringed expecting to be punched, Toby changed his tune laughing, "Chill out Nerd. Lindsey likes being spanked, so bend her over your knee."
"Y'you're good with...?" Jimmy swallows dryly.
"Yeah! We're open like that." Toby then leans closer to whisper, "Nibble her earlobes and she goes crazy."
"Wow! I-I'll do that. What will she think? I mean I'm not a stud like you...not that I'm looking at you..." He begins sweating heavily.
"Relax Buddy. I'm cool with this deal you and Monica made. The girls all agreed so tap all those bitches. I know I would...well I've had a few of them already, such as Monica here, which I want again. Hint fucking hint!" He grabs Monica yanking her into his side, his hand draping down over her shoulder to squeeze her breast.
"Your birthday's coming up right?" She moves her own hand over to cup his hard on, his attention lowering to see her pinching his erection through his jeans. A few onlookers found them amusing.
"Damn straight. You my present?"
"We'll talk about it when it gets closer. Can I let you know next week? Lots going on right now."
"That works."
Keeping her free time sacred in case her friend and occasional Master Ryan Quinones needed her. He wasn't even at the auction, and had missed school a few days in between. She had promised his girlfriend April time to get everything sorted out. Which meant a true Doctor's appointment to define her pregnancy and to let Ryan meet her family. If she really was pregnant like she said, and really did want to be with Ryan then she had a lot to atone for. Monica worried, but knew after their confrontation that she needed to stay out of it. She had already given them plenty of time to talk. If it were bad, Ryan would most likely tell Monica. Still, she needed to be open if he required a shoulder.
"So Toby?" Jimmy tried to keep calm, "Do you think all the other boyfriends will be as cool as you?"
"Naaa! You'll be sporting a couple black eyes by the weekend." Toby moved behind Monica and dry humped her again. It was fun to see their audience admiring him getting away with what he was doing. Not to mention seeing him tug her leggings down over her bare bottom in order to rub his erection along her ass more intimately had the drool flowing like a broken dam. Only her books hid her puss from their visual appetite.
"Stop scaring Jimmy." She laughed, "You have to stop humping me like that, I'm getting really turned on."
"You're up Neutron. I got Monica ready for ya." He nudges her toward Jimmy until she ends up smothered against his body. Meeting eyes Monica shrugs at Jimmy with a grin. Sitting her books down she took him by the hand and led him through the gauntlet of students, her leggings still crumpled down to her butt pucker, her pussy hidden behind the soft leggings curled up state. Toby casting a thumbs up at Jimmy led to a flurry of support. Seeing him be straight with Newton, other classmates offered their own thumbs up to bolster his confidence.
Tugged along at an accelerated pace Jimmy found himself almost humiliated, yet enthusiastic all the same, "W-where are we going Monica?"
"We've had phone sex James, now it's time for a reality boost. Once I get those balls on a roll the other girls will come looking for you. They just don't know it yet."
"Hard to imagine that, I'm so not their type."
Stopping cold in her tracks she points a finger at his chest, his pudginess squishy beneath her dagger like nail, "Opposites attract. It's all in how you sell yourself Jimmy. We're calling you Black Friday."
"Black Friday?"
"Yep! Everybody wants what you're selling and they're willing to fight for it. If that means a few bruised egos...the seller always wins."
"Umm? Yeah, okay. I don't get it."
"Neither did the people who lagged behind."
"Still don't get it."
"No worries. You will." Switching tactics she leaps into poor Jimmy's arms, her body crushing into his. He nearly fainted as her breasts pressed into his fluffy pecs in competing awareness. Her perfume made him hard even though fear derailed him into a tug of war to remain erect. Then came the kiss, her lips were like honey, passionate and expectant of him to return the favor. Jimmy fell right into her ambitious approach. All around them students were praising him for getting the hot girl. He knew deep down that they were mocking him but biting their tongues to keep Monica from biting theirs even harder, drawing blood. Sure she had made it clear through the grapevine that Jimmy Newton was not to be ridiculed going forward. The fact that he helped the entire student body in some small fashion during the yearbook fiasco gave him a pass to be a man. Strangely, some girls found it fairytale. Others? Not so much, still hiding in the shadows for safety.
Murmurs were heard even as the next period bell rang. Gaining confidence as the students lessened up around them Jimmy's hands found Monica's butt cheeks beneath her ruffled leggings which had risen a bit unattended. Some students remained until the last possible second, enjoying the awkwardness of the couple, Jimmy was a goofy lover for certain. Her ass hanging out some was hard to break away from. Only Monica's hotness kept the comments to a minimum of ridicule. It was enough to relax Jimmy that he and she were in good hands. His in particular unintentionally prying her ass cheeks wide for guys and girls alike to witness her pucker and her whistler. Good enough for the masses in passing.
It wasn't as if Monica was truly enjoying herself making out with Jimmy, or he pawing her up, but she was a woman of her word. She made this crazy deal, she would honor it. All she could hope for was that her Braless Brigade could act the same. A few she knew would, having seen Jimmy's dick in the men's room, it was amazing what a big dick could do to change an outlook. Amber Welch came to mind. If Amber would follow behind Monica the rest might gain the courage to hold their own.
With her hands all up in Jimmy's hair like a possessed stalker, his glasses fogged up, and slipping from the bridge of his nose neither Monica nor Jimmy had heard a distinct, "AHEM!" until the third exhale. Each time it was spoken the voice grew louder. Nobody wanted to go to class but eventually the halls cleared out at the very presence of a certain voice of authority.
"Wait your turn." Monica whimpered , kissing Jimmy harder as his face turned beet red. He knew the voice well, panic was slipping into his sensibilities. Still, he trusted Monica. All it took was Principal Lloyd Janson to stand behind her and slobber at her ass cheeks, Jimmy swore he heard a low level, "Yes Mistress."
With no further words to discourage them the make out session continued. Lloyd grew nervous as he leered in all directions for prying eyes. Sweat pouring he watched her maul poor Jimmy, the boy nearly losing balance and colliding with a set of lockers with a metallic bang. Janson worried the noise would attract attention but fortune struck and all classrooms remained vigil, his troops were good Teachers loyal to their trade. Still, the kids were a hallway pass away from having to be shut down.
Now that Lloyd had shown Monica how to express her dominant side Lloyd wanted nothing more than to worship this young adult. She had eased into her Mistress role as if it were there all along. Maybe it was. Yet, she preferred being the giver not the Alpha. The Alpha was pure adrenalin. If it served her purposes in getting away with murder, Monica Gift was going to channel her inner Bitch for all she was worth. Rich indeed.
Letting Monica continue was a huge risk for Lloyd, but his newfound loyalty defined his perverse desires to the point that saying no was forbidden. Continually, he found himself wanting to touch her butt right along with Jimmy's lucky palms, yet, afraid to interfere and be scolded by his Mistress. Janson was putty to be molded. For such a wise man he was stupid beyond measure. Monica counted on that. It was likely that they all needed therapy. Someday.
Jimmy facing reality opens his eyes to see Janson still behind them, even as Monica maintains her dedicated kisses. One panic attack later, he breaks away from their kissing in a nasally whine. Reacting to Jimmy's haunted expression, Monica leers over her shoulder and scowls, "Why are you not on your hands and knees Janscum?"
"Forgive me Mistress." Lloyd drops to his knees and folds forward, palms at her heels, eyes lowered for respect.
"Don't make me go behind you and kick you in the balls." She snaps as the Principal quivers at her aggressive tone.
Jimmy Newton exhaled a dramatic, "Whoa!"
"Don't let this big pussy scare you James. Where were we?" Her arms wrapped Jimmy's neck and she hurled herself forward for more kissing, storming Jimmy's nervous lips for another three minutes of passion. He was slowly giving in. Frenching Jimmy was like a dog licking her hand, certainly sloppy. Abandoning Jimmy's still wagging tongue she pats his puffy cheek with an expectant glare forcing his gaze. "Lay me over Janson's back."
"WHAT?" Jimmy's voice raised just as she palmed his mouth to quiet him.
"You heard me Jimmy." The boy nearly pissed his jeans.
"Invite me Lloyd. Show Jimmy he has nothing to worry about."
"Please lay upon my back Mistress." Lloyd begs, "You have my blessing Young James."
Swallowing with trembling eyes, hell every part of his body sharing in the quakes, Jimmy looked around both sides of Monica, "W-which direction?"
"My ass on his neckline, nudge me all the way back, he won't let me fall off. WILL YOU LLOYD?"
"Absolutely not Mistress. My hands request touching to keep you positioned."
"Only if I start slipping, otherwise forbidden."
"Yes Mistress."
"Guide me back Jimmy."
"O-okay! S-sorry Mister Janson." The pudgy young man felt faint, yet he did assist her into sitting down on his Principal's shoulders, he heard Lloyd mumble, "Yessss." As Monica lays back slowly for a comfortable spot, her legs rise up toward Jimmy, feet poised before him, "Take my shoes off." James swiftly removed her pumps. She in turn lowered her bare feet over Janson's face smothering his feature with the sides of her heels. "Lick my toes Lloyd. Doggy treat Bitch Boy." Jimmy watched Lloyd's persona becoming a slobbering canine, his tongue licking her feet and even between her toes at her insistence, "Eat my toe jam." ,until she pulled them away. Lloyd's feasting frenzy terrified Jimmy, Jimmy's mind was blown as Janson whimpered missing his treats. Another ramble of, "Dear God Woman." was heard by all.
"Jimmy? Take my pants off."
"W-what? Over Mister Janson?"
"DO IT LAD." Lloyd belted out excitably, "STRIP HER NAKED."
"Who's in charge here, you or me?' Monica jabbed Lloyd in the ribs hard with her thumbs.
"You Mistress. I beg forgiveness for my lust."
"This is unreal." Jimmy commented at their acts. Turning pale he pauses until Monica plants her toes over his erection rubbing it.
"Pants Jimmy." She persists lifting her hips using her shoulders as support over Lloyd. Jimmy with sweaty palms leans in and begins peeling her leggings from her lower body, dragging them inside out until they left her painted toes. No underwear beneath, Monica Gift was nearly nude. Frozen in time the boy stared at her freshly shaved peach in its bright pink glory.
"Guess what's going in here Jimmy." She pries her pussy lips wide to reveal a succulent tunnel of love. Her beguiling gaze awaited his eyes to focus, those damned glasses of his were steamed up to the point of being blind. "Lean down here for a second Jimmy." She curls her foot like a hook beneath his balls and guides him toward her. Once he bends forward she removes his glasses and lets him squint at her, he really did need those things to see. Frowning Monica chose the next best thing and used her finger to etch a tiny heart in each of his lens before putting them back on his face. He chuckled seeing them and felt his heart beat faster at her intentions.
"YESSSSSSS!" He rears upright and pounds his fist over his opposing palm. He then tilted his glasses just enough to let fresh air clear up his fogged over optics. Seeing more clearly than ever he did his best to ignore the fact that Lloyd Janson was right there with them. He had Monica halfway nude over him as if he were a horse and she Lady Godiva.
"Unbutton my shirt and take it off of me Jimmy." Responding to her request Jimmy Newton started to move to Janson's side when Monica's foot again was used to reel him back. "Ah! Ah! Ah! Face me and do it." Her soft voice had Jimmy and Lloyd both nurturing raging hard ons.
"But, that means..."
"Grow some balls Newton. Hurry it up or the next bell will ring before you cum inside me." She raised her voice slightly with a look of yearning to agitate his desires.
Seeing her appeal Jimmy gnashed his teeth together and moved in for the kill, forced to literally plant his crotch over Janson's face in order to lean in better and begin unbuttoning her shirt. No bra beneath it of course Jimmy fell in love with every ounce of soft flesh that exposed. Janson had to wince at feeling Jimmy's dick growing right up against his brow. Uncomfortable indeed, yet Janson was loyal to Mistress Monica. He would not waver even if it cost him his job.
"How are you doing down there Knave?"
"I live to serve you Mistress. I shall remain your most loyal of bed chambers."
"Good boy Knave. You are rather comfy."
"Thank you Mistress." He replies as Jimmy unfastens her final button and parts the material to both sides for a full frontal thrill, her nipples harder than usual. Even this event seemed to be making Monica more in tune with her newfound authority. It was good to be Queen. Lifting just enough to pull her arms from her shirt Monica found total release.
"Get those jeans off Jimmy, and put that big boy between your legs to use right here." Again she pries her cunt wide and uses her index fingers to point at her interior runway. He could see her wetness forming droplets all around her fingertips. Excitably Jimmy Newton began to unfasten and drop his pants, the second his erection popped out Monica wiggled on Lloyd's neckline, "Look at how big he is Knave. Have you ever seen such a magnificent cock?" She laid it on thick, mainly because it was pretty thick, there was no denying that fact. For an overweight young man he was pretty well endowed. Not that Lloyd Janson cared to look, even if he did obey her. With Jimmy's dick dangling before his nose Lloyd held his breathe and replied, "Yes Mistress. Young James is...quite remarkable." A retaliation hidden behind his breath said differently, "Get that monster away from me." Regardless Lloyd endured the moment, knowing it was about to get far worse. He knew that Monica was testing him as much as she was Jimmy.
"FUCK YES! FUCK YES!" Jimmy grew eager, "I'M GONNA LOSE IT. FUCK YES!" The boy was determined to become a man. With Monica luring him in with soft verses of, "Take it Jimmy! Take my pussy." James Newton shuffled forward with an obsessed glint in his eye, the whole stress over Lloyd was fleeting. Uncaring of his environment he zeroed in and touched Monica's hole, she prying it even wider watching him close in. She was definitely hot in every sense. Forced closer in order to penetrate her Jimmy slid his crown in to royalty, the moment she felt him enter she released her pussy and let it mold around his girth, the rest of the insertion made Jimmy roll his eyes back. He had never felt such a warm welcoming feeling in his entire life. Sinking deeper the boy nearly toppled poor Lloyd over beneath his weight.
Holding firm as best he could Janson found his worst nightmare in the form of bulbous hairy balls pelting his forehead. He wanted to vomit but survived when he felt Monica's nails dig into his ass cheeks, her arms over her head and running fingers beneath his beltline. She knew just how to make Lloyd respond to her control over him. He was more determined than ever to stay firmly on course for his Mistress, her pleasure his priority.
"I can't believe I'm doing this. HOLY SHIT, MONICA!!" Lloyd couldn't believe it either. "You're so...wet...and warm..." Jimmy couldn't even finish his sentence for confusing his emotions, the friction of each thrust bringing out the best in Monica's rising hips to greet each plunge, mesmerized him. He was making her crazy, he could tell. Her craziness was making him want to be just as crazy. Faster, deeper, pause, slip away, POUND HARD. Jimmy somehow knew just what to do. In the process Monica began squirting around his girth, her juices raining over Lloyd's face to his glee. He wanted to lick what crossed his lips but was fearful of accidently licking Jimmy's scrotum which moved lower over his bridge to the tip of his nose making his eyes cross. Humiliation at its finest.
"Fuck me harder Neutron. Make me cum hard on my cozy little bed." She whimpered at each deep penetration of her sopping wet cunt. She found herself rubbing her own clit until Jimmy realized what she was doing and wanted to try his own hand at it. Noting his fingers upon her own she smiled up at him and whispered, "That's it, take control." He briskly rubbed her clit between plunges, Monica reacting by arching her back, her shoulder blades pressing against Lloyd's hips. Returning her nails to Janson's butt she let her fingers slide deeper beneath the seat of his pants and taunts Lloyd's asshole. The Principal nearly fell over.
"Oh sweet Lord!! Fuck her harder Lad. HARDER!!" The contact sent Lloyd dropping his head under his own sensitivity. Noticing his reaction Monica wouldn't have it.
"Lift that head up Janscum! I'm not hearing balls slapping." She barked drawing blood from his left butt cheek in a tiny impalement. He immediately reared upward until Jimmy's balls began smacking his lips. He wanted to cringe but stood firm, each impact making him groan. He prayed that Monica would not make him lick the poor boys balls. The issue he was having was more of what he was becoming the more time Monica worked with him. Over the last week she had used Lloyd for her own play toy. Never once allowing him to fuck her, merely lick her toes or her asshole. Strangely he rather enjoyed it when the Mistress passed gas on rare occasions. Lloyd Janson was a tool.
Monica's moans echoed the hallway making Lloyd piss all over himself. Soaking through his thin slacks a small puddle formed beneath him on the tile. Heart pounding at the possibility of being caught he reinforced his hands and knees for a stronger stance. He would not fail his Mistress. He thrived on the humiliation at Monica's mercy. For such a powerful man in the community, Lloyd Janson was weak.
Jimmy was a ball of sweat and still pounding away on a steady rate, he was certainly gifted considering any other man of his weight would have exhausted five minutes ago. Even stranger, Jimmy being a virgin, Monica expected him to cum in 60 seconds. Not that she was complaining, that cock felt really good zipping past her G-spot.
"Heads up! The both of you." Monica faintly giggled. Jimmy was shoving his head as deep as it would go. Lloyd although disgusted maintained his pride of service even with hairy balls pelting his lips, occasionally having to huff away stray hairs tickling his nose. For an odd reason Jimmy feeling his breath on his balls made the boy fuck Monica that much harder. Perhaps he had not put two and two together, thinking it just a breeze passing through thrusts. Did it matter?
Thoughts running through Jimmy's head were simple and random, thankful to be finally losing his virginity to one of the hottest girls in school, one that had become a really good friend. She was honest and open with him every step of the way. He trusted her totally. What stimulated him even more was all the pussy he hoped would come his way after today, if the girls kept their word. For now..."FUCK YEAH!" Sweat went flinging from side to side in his bulldog head shake. Monica feeling droplets rain down on her giggled.
"That should be cum not sweat Jimmy."
"Sorry." He hit her again and again, his fingers tiring on her clit's abuse. She took over for him, her body more in tune with her own efforts. Yelping softly made both Jimmy and Lloyd beg for her to cum. She wasn't far off, toes curling above him Lloyd smiled watching her feet dancing about. If only he could suck those toes. It was like dangling a carrot in front of a donkey. Turning his head from left to right in searching for her feet, those damnable balls hit him from all angles. He had to locate those toes. Slobbering all over himself Lloyd licked his lips until Jimmy slapped his full sack right on his tongue. That ended Lloyd's tour of booty, he pressed his lips together tightly. No more of sampling Jimmy.
Jimmy felt something wet touch him but attributed it to Monica squirting again, that inevitability deduced due to Monica's behavior. She was closing in on her climax, her fingers rapidly stimulating her clit, her voice encouraging Jimmy to join her, "I'm cummmming Jimmmmmmy! Cum with meeeeee!" Hearing her shrill squeals and feeling her body tightening up, which included her pussy constricting around his girth for a snug desire to squeeze the cum out of his beastly cock, Jimmy gave up his load.
"UGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!" His roar was so loud that Lloyd cringed, Jimmy's finality landing his balls over the Principal's face while breathing heavily. Monica gushing once again drenched Lloyd's features, his tongue daring to ease around Jimmy's drained sack to capture her regal wine. Eying droplets on Jimmy's sack he grew tempted to sample them, knowing full well those were from his Mistress. He just couldn't, it led to his tongue loitering below Jimmy's sack awaiting the droplets to fall. Once they did Lloyd rolled his eyes back. "Thank you Mistress."
Monica's own sonic boom screams sent her body into fits, Jimmy struggling to hold her over Lloyd to prevent her falling to the floor. Once the two of them relaxed Monica pulled Jimmy into a wet warm kiss. "We're doing this again Neutron. Fuck that was incredible." James Newton grinned like the devil. He hoped the other girls would feel the same.
Pulling out of Monica became a torrid mess, webs of entwined cum and and more escaping juices drowned Lloyd. Knowing half of it was Jimmy's the man whimpered in defeat. Regardless, even with Jimmy's dick slithering over his brow to escape, Lloyd relished in Monica's continued drainage. Rearing tall over them Jimmy went all dramatic. Closing his eyes he began beating his chest like Tarzan after nailing Jane for the first time. He literally went full on Kong.
Hearing the screams outside, fate grew grim, classroom doors were opening in near proximity. Fortunately, for everyone involved it was Teachers that had already enjoyed Monica Gift in the past and were easily loyal in their own right. Merely, making certain everything was alright the two male Teachers grinned and went back inside, mainly to calm the students before they rioted, thinking some gunman was attacking the school. Maybe that was true, Jimmy Newton was a sharpshooter.
Not every student bought their Teachers excuses, namely the members of Monica's Braless Brigade. While their Teacher explained that Principal Janson had caught some students skipping classes the trio of Amber Welch, Violet Rainier, and Zoe Klein looked at one another, the two Cheerleaders gritting their teeth while Amber nodded knowing exactly what that was. After witnessing Jimmy's dick size through a bathroom stall over two weeks ago Amber had pondered feeling it inside her, she was one of the few girls that maintained an open mind toward the nerdy giant Jimmy. Both Violet and Zoe dreaded their commitment to Monica over giving it up to Jimmy for his assistance. Neither truly wanted to be touched by Jimmy. In the conversation of skipping class Amber makes a break for it, verbally saying, "ON MY PERIOD. GOTTA GO!"
Zoe darting her gaze between Amber's escape and Violet, both girls just couldn't sit there. They had to see what was going on first hand. Joining Amber led the Teacher to try and stop them, no go, they were already out the door. With the Teacher against the door preventing others outside that left the trio to bear witness alone.
Out in the hall the girls discovered the source instantly. What shocked them the most was Janson on his hands and knees, Monica still on his back squeezing her tits while coming down from an all time high. Even more, there stood the flabby giant Jimmy Newton pounding his chest in triumph. The girls zeroed in on Jimmy's dick wagging about, still full tilt and demanding. Zoe and Violet swallowed and once again shared stares at one another, finally Zoe shrugged one shoulder with a sheepish grin. Violet's jaw dropped instantly, she knew Zoe's thoughts, she was intrigued. Whimpering Violet took another look at Jimmy and bit her lower lip.
"Holy shit!" Amber huffed, "Monica has Janson on a leash too. I LOVE THAT HOE!" Following Amber's lead toward the group Zoe and Violet hug each others side for support. Amber was less fearful of her future, eager to be up close and personal amid the situation. Discovering Monica tilting her head back over Janson's ass to observe them coming closer she fluttered her wet fingers at them giggling.
Jimmy seeing the girls strangely grew smug and fought off any shyness, hoping to see expressions of interest out of the girls rather than repulsion. What worried him more was a flood of other students catching them. He would have faith, his dick did not want to lose steam, not for a second. Amber immediately bypassed Monica and Janson and circled Jimmy.
"Damn Boy! That thing is even bigger than I thought." She ended her circling by facing Jimmy with a pucker and a nod, "Yep! So gonna ride that."
"R-really?' He swallowed, "Right! You need to ride my cock hard." His ego brimming he looked over Amber at Zoe and Violet, "You want some of this?"
The girls held their breath, yet again sharing thoughts through eye contact. Without answering Monica sat up on Janson's shoulders, her legs drooping around his neck, her leaking cunt trickling across his neckline. Patting Janson's scalp she goaded him into obeying further. "Tongue wagging Knave." She then planted her feet on the floor and molded her soggy thighs over his hair in climbing off, her labia slithering over his forehead. Lifting on her toes to stand taller she allowed Janson to tilt his head higher, her entire pussy roamed across his face, her juices flowing over his protruding tongue. Janson gasped and wagged his tongue along her pussy until she escaped. Standing tall she faced Janson and encouraged him to walk in a circle to face Zoe and Violet. Patting his head like a loyal pet Monica smirked, "Of course they want some of that Jimmy. Isn't that right Ladies?' She winked hoping they would follow her own train of thoughts. Her idea meant to feed into Jimmy's sudden courage.
"Yes." The girls nodded with a hint of fear in their admission.
"How did you get this old fossil to do your bidding?" Amber turned her back to Jimmy to poise the toe of her shoe up under Lloyd's crotch and jostle his balls about. Lloyd began panting heavily. Behind Amber, Jimmy stepped closer and rubbed his wet dick on the ass of her pants. She leered over her shoulder at him with a devilish grin. "Wait your turn Bad Boy."
"I wanna fuck you." Jimmy huffed.
"I know." She bent over and shook her ass across his cock then stepped away razzing him with her tongue. He immediately began jerking off with a look of, "DAMMIT!" at her loss.
"Bells gonna ring any second." Zoe pointed out looking at her cell for the time, then revealing it to Monica. "Better get dressed."
"We have five minutes." Monica giggles and toys with Lloyd's ear making him shiver. Zoe and Violet grimace at how Monica could possibly enjoy playing with old man Janson. Definitely not their idea of stud quality, nor was Jimmy. Had Monica lost her mind? Snapping her fingers at the floor Janson looked down and awaited any further command. Monica then threw her legs around his neck once again to sit on his shoulders. "Take me to your office Simba." A pat to his cheek coaxed Lloyd to take a stroll. The girls were blown away. In passing Monica winked, "Follow me Ladies." A glance back at Jimmy she added, "Save that shit Newton. The girls are going to want that." Jimmy groaned and swiftly pulled his pants up. Amber shaking her head at the insanity of it all gathered up Monica's clothing and followed their lead, leaving her books in the hallway. Jimmy shuffled quickly in pursuit, admiring Amber's sway with a smile that refused to break.
With Lloyd's office being separate from the actual main office the chances of his secretary Madge or any incoming parents dealing with their unruly kids was not a problem. Unless Madge called Lloyd away he was all Monica's. Carrying Monica on all fours to his office like a pachyderm seemed funny to the girls, yet at the same time so very wrong. Not just the fact that Lloyd was old and just "Ewww!" but the reality that his persona had been so twisted in his lust to serve Monica that it seemed stalker. Zoe and Violet hugged each others arms worried that this event was going to ruin them. Any association to this type of perverted scandal would destroy any future plans of going on to college, names being brought into the News for family to be hurt by a horrible reputation, all of the above and more. Still, the Braless Brigade marched on.
Reaching his office just as the bell rang they barely made it inside before students erupted into the halls heading to their next class. With no strange behavior awaiting them the students just shrugged and continued their day. Within her office Monica crawled off of Lloyd's back and chose to steal his leather swivel chair, kicking back with her bare feet propped on his desk. Lloyd remained cowering at her side.
"Take a seat Jimmy." Monica pointed at a chair across from the desk, one of two. Stepping around the girls he plopped down and leaned back himself, arms crossed behind his head with boosted ego.
"This is freaking awesome." He grinned looking at Amber. She shook her head and tossed Monica's clothes on to Lloyd's desk.
"Here's your shit Mistress." Amber laughed.
"Thanks." Monica uses her toes to kick her outfit on to the floor in front of Lloyd. "Sniff!" She had Lloyd Janson scrambling like a drug sniffing dog in heat, his nose rummaging into the crotch of her leggings. Zoe and Violet could only wince at his sick reaction.
"Why are we here?" Violet dared to question.
"Ask Jimmy." Monica points her left foot at the smug bastard across from her. Both girls shifted their gaze toward him trying not to pee. They just knew this was going to be bad.
"Hey there Cheerleaders. I think you three owe me."
"We...really have to honor this?" Zoe winces.
"We had a pact ladies. The Braless Brigade always pays their debts in spades. Unless of course you want out..."
"You know we don't Wench." Amber chuckles, "I'll take one for the team here." Right before everyone's eyes Amber Welch stripped naked and threw her own clothes down at Lloyd. He wavered at their fall to his hands and knees before looking up at Monica for her permission.
"Gnaw on those panties Lloyd." Like a Pitbull Lloyd tore into Amber's powder blue undies with inhales and a lapping tongue. Again Zoe and Violet whimpered hugging each other tighter. All together they watched Amber straddle Jimmy's lap and give him a lap dance. Feeding his face with poised breasts so that he could suck her nipples.
"Mmmmm! Careful, the girls are sensitive." Amber flared her eyes. Behind Jimmy Zoe and Violet nodded. Seeing their reaction Amber rolled her eyes, "Not you bitches. My bitches." She quivers as Jimmy motorboats her melons. Lifting his face away Jimmy smacked his lips awaiting a kiss. Admiring his pucker Amber just went with it and had a two minute make out session of sloppy kisses. The girls cringed. Once the kiss broke Jimmy sat in absolute awe his jaw dropping without words. Feeling discomfort between her legs Amber scowled, "Did you just cum in your jeans?" He could only nod his affirmation. "Seriously? You couldn't have waited to jizz inside me?"
"I can still do that." He looked horrified of missing out. "I'm good for shooting six loads a day."
"No way. That's not possible." Amber rolled her eyes.
"I swear it. I've done it. I could probably break that record even."
"Prove it." Amber steps off of his lap and kneels to remove his pants, he kicking his tennis shoes off as she undresses him. Pants and underwear discarded toward Lloyd the Principal drew his face away and shared a grossed out expression. As Amber crawls back into Jimmy's lap she guides his beast boy up into her juicy cunt. Riding him was a sight to behold, Amber was really getting into it.
Noting Lloyd's panic stricken eyes Monica snaps her finger, "You know the drill Knave. Get to sniffing. Chew toy Knave." A point at Jimmy's underwear found a two second pause before Janson dove into them tossing them about with a snarl. He had Jimmy Newton's drawers in his mouth. Zoe had to choke and act as if ready to hurl. Violet while also disturbed found it suddenly funny.
"Eat his pubes Lloyd." Violet burst out. Zoe flaring her eyes at her bestie grew to find it also humorous. Monica merely sat back with a smirk at just how much fun being the Alpha was. Hearing Amber moan drew her attention from the feeding frenzy below. The sight of her protégé Jimmy gripping Amber's ass cheeks with confidence sent Monica into mischief mode. Again snapping her fingers at Lloyd the man stopped cold and let Jimmy's underwear fall from his lips. Using hand motions Monica first points at Lloyd, then to her own nose as if playing charades. A third motion resounded a pausing index finger as if saying "But!" then a point at Monica's puckered lips. Her last direction was to send him toward the playful lovers.
Eyes bulging Zoe and Violet watch with curiosity, breath held as Lloyd eases quietly on all fours behind Amber, their sex having scooted the chair Jimmy sat in about for an easier access point. Hovering his face behind Amber's gyrating ass Lloyd sniffs her butt pucker and whines, his head following her rise and fall over Jimmy's cock. In her mission to get Jimmy to cum inside her she was withdrawn into herself, eyes sealed to feel his every passage across her G-spot. Thus, she had zero idea Lloyd was dogging her heels.
Waiting for just such a moment as Jimmy began snarling and huffing to inform of his rapidly brewing nut Lloyd slipped his nose right up into her pried ass crack. Inhaling her with eyes turning white he maintained his mission until Jimmy roared shooting jizz missiles up into Amber. She squealed at the top of her lungs and rode him harder, hoping for a second battalion to storm her beach. With her own orgasm forced out Amber screamed. In doing so Zoe panicked and raced over to palm her mouth to quiet Amber. Not having it the brunette pulled away with a growl then continued cries of ecstasy.
"Knave?" Monica waited for just the right time before adding, "LICK!"
Lloyd Janson buried his face between Amber's asshole first lapping her pucker before lowering down between her shaking thighs and daring to roll his tongue along her stretched pussy lips. Her juices flooding Jimmy's cock led to drowning his scrotum. Lloyd even licked her juices from Jimmy's balls until clean. Pulling away Janson grimaced and pulled a pubic hair from his mouth. Looking at Violet who seemed pushy he ate the pubic hair.
"OH MY GOD! JANSON DID IT." Violet jumped up and down amazed by his dedication to Monica. Of course the Cat did cough up a hairball...so to speak.
"Good boy Knave." Amber looked backwards down at Lloyd then patted his head. "Whatever Knave is." He merely whimpered and panted like a pup. Returning her attention toward Jimmy, Amber puffed her lower lip nodding her respect. "That's two. Four more to go Cumsquat." She teased him before climbing off in a splattered web of jizz. In seeing the spill Lloyd gave chase, his mouth wide to catch any leftovers. Gross as hell but hilarious.
"HEEL KNAVE." Monica called Lloyd back to heel on his bed of clothes. Amber stretching moved to the side of the desk sitting on top of it right in front of Lloyd. Planting her foot on Lloyd's face to nudge him playfully she tilts her gaze toward Zoe and Violet.
"You're up Bitches."
"WHAAAAAAT?" The girls laughter turned to sheer terror. Their tight hug for support led to glances at Monica, then to Jimmy. Jimmy had his head dangling back to check them out.
"Pay up Cheerleaders." Jimmy chuckled, "I can go all day." Calming one another with a brow to brow relaxation technique the girls take deep breathes. At the breaking point Jimmy added, "You should kiss." Dropping her feet to the floor and leaning on her arms Monica took interest in Jimmy's command. She wasn't sure if this was a deal breaker or not. Amber also paused in messing with Lloyd, dangling her toes in front of his mouth as his eyes crossed wanting to suck upon them. No! Not without Monica's command.
Zoe sighed and made the first move. Palming Violet's cheeks she tilted her head and pressed their lips together. They could hear Violet whine at the unexpected move. Giving in Violet went further without even thinking about it and slipped Zoe her tongue. French class was in session. In a matter of minutes both girls were making out like bandits, stealing the others soul.
"Daaaaamn!" Amber glared at Monica as the two shared shock. Neither of them believed the girls would ever consent to anything. Truthfully, Monica expected the girls to throw in the towel. Speaking of towels Jimmy turned his chair sideways this time and folds his knuckles over his big ole' belly, his dick still praising the bitches in the room.
"Strip each other." Jimmy decided upon instigating them further. Monica noting Amber's taunting of Lloyd led to another round of snaps mouthing the word, "Fetch." pointing at Amber's toes. Caught off guard Amber Welch found Lloyd sucking her toes with an intimate frenzy. She giggled at his expressions of sheer euphoria.
"Dang! He might gnaw my paint job off." Monica silently laughed at her friend.
Again, Zoe took the lead in lifting Violet's shirt up over her head. As soon as the redheads tits toppled free Jimmy began stroking his cock. Violet returning the favor removed Zoe's shirt, her milky white tits dancing about. Jimmy hissed, "Hell to the yes." Kissing between any further wardrobe malfunctions became more heated. It dawned on everyone suddenly that the girls might have had some hidden affection toward one another long before today. Unspoken yet hiding away.
Pants unfastened they resisted their Frenching just long enough to squirm their jeans to the carpet stepping out of them, shoes discarded prior. Only in their dainty G-strings the fever took over and the girls stormed one another in a clingy very steamy embrace. Jimmy just watched with excitement. As did Monica who was blown away by their intimacy. Boggles the mind.
Wanting more out of this Jimmy took it upon himself to stand up and circle the tangled beauties. With a very uncertain touch he nudges them toward the desk. Okay, it took an unwelcomed push without being too aggressive. Inching them until Zoe turned in step, her ass hitting the edge of the desk. Monica made a swift spot for her by shoving Lloyd's desk contents out of the way, some falling to the floor in a clatter. Violet herself forced Zoe to lay back, her legs in the air. From her lips all the way across Zoe's body in nomadic kisses, Violet discovered her destination removing Zoe's G-string to kiss the blonds clit. Zoe's hand swiftly frolicked in the redheads hair, moaning her surprise. Soft exhales made Zoe Klein lift her head back, spine arching as Monica leaned over her and gave the blond a kiss of her own. Caught off guard Monica just explored the possibility. Two girls in under ten minutes, Zoe's mind was reeling.
With Violet bent over eating Zoe Jimmy rubbed her cute white bottom and considered taking her from behind. Should he? He instead chose to drag her own G-string down to her ankles then her toes leaving them there at her feet. His dick rubbing between her crack along the clam he dared to get his crown wet between teasing and temptation. In a shocking move Violet wiggles her ass and reaches her own hands behind her to pry her cheeks apart. Jimmy took that as a yes. Pushing inside her Violet let out a shrill gasp of awe at his girth, Zoe in her expectation forced her hips higher until she felt Violet's lips. That simple subliminal brought Violet home.
Nailing the redhead with sweat wringing from his brow Jimmy looked up at Amber who was now goofing with Janson. Removing herself from the desk to give the girls room meant taking her toes away from Lloyd. With Monica distracted Amber took control over Janson and made him lay on his bed of discarded clothing, Amber using her feet to add Zoe and Violet's clothing to the bundle. Once their clothes were a part of his bed he wallowed in them with a very deafening sigh of, "Yessssss!"
"Dang Lloyd, I never saw this side of you." Amber crouched next to him her pussy within inches of her head. He froze to sniff as she rolled her eyes. Selecting Zoe and Violet's G-strings Amber stuffed them into Lloyd's mouth. He nearly went into convulsions on his back. Tugging his shirt from his waistband Amber rubbed Janson's belly like a dog. Too funny.
"Fuck your pussy is tight." Jimmy was getting raw at Violet's snug twat. Although really wet her body tense, not to mention the fact that her sexual experiences were not as outgoing as some girls her age. Still, Jimmy was determined. He even killed time by putting his pinky in her butt pucker. That mere introduction made Violet lift up and wince. Staring at Monica kissing Zoe she felt almost jealous. With a nasally whine Violet took it upon herself to pull away from Jimmy and crawl up further on the desk. Feeling her escape Jimmy let out an, "Awwww Maaaan! I was almost there."
Sensing Violet up close and fighting for Zoe's attentions Monica broke their kiss and found Violet right in her face. Before Violet could even reclaim her bestie Monica kissed Violet herself. The unexpected move found Monica's breasts crushing right over Zoe's face. When push comes to shove deal with it. Zoe kissed and licked Monica's nipple. Jimmy was torn on what to do next. Exploring his options he chose to move his chair up to the desk and stand on it. Creaking and unsteady beneath his 260 pound frame he towered over the girls jerking off.
"You're gonna break your neck Newton." Amber looked over as he played God.
"I can't help it. I wanna jizz. Firehose Jimmy is in the house." He chuckled and knuckled up like a warrior.
"Your body cast." Amber switched her gaze back down to Lloyd. Stealing his mouthful of treats Amber pats his cheek, "Wanna fight like cats and dogs Lloyd?" He shook his head rapidly almost panting. Rolling her eyes Amber sighed, "The things I do for lust." Casting her leg over Janson's chest Amber Welch sat on Janson's face. Obedient to a fault he just let her smother him. "What the hell? Chase that kitty. You need a laser pointer to show you the way?" Giving up she just sat there and pouted. Noting a clock on the wall Amber felt compelled to offer a warning. "Next bell in five minutes Hoe bags."
Monica breaking her kiss with Violet to look at the time herself saw Amber on Lloyd. Laughing at Amber just loitering she realized just how faithful Lloyd Janson aka Knave was. "SCOOBY SNACK THAT BITCH KNAVE." With a loud yelp Amber Welch found a maddening tongue up her soaked snatch. She was howling in seconds.
From Amber's reaction to discovering Jimmy in his high wire act Monica's eyes bulged. "Holy shit! Don't lose your balance. Get down from there."
"I wanna rain on their parade." He stroked valiantly over Violet's ass, Zoe's legs. Concerned Monica grabbed Violet by her hair to break up the new round of kissing. "Scoot back." The girls grumbled but did what Monica requested. Once their hips were on the edge of the desk uncomfortably Jimmy stepped down and shoved the chair away. With easier access now and a second choice in targets Jimmy stepped up to plate and dug low in order to locate Zoe's soft kitty. She yelped at his entry but let it happen. Jimmy was now fucking Zoe Klein, but gripping Violet's ass. Two sets of legs clung to his hips and upper thighs. After hitting Zoe for a dramatic set of wails, Jimmy pulled out and plunged upward into Violet once again. Back and forth between girls Jimmy was the man. Double duty booty.
Bored suddenly Monica decided to pick up the items that she knocked over from Lloyd's desk. In discovering something she had totally overlooked by putting the items on a side table she flares her eyes. "P.A. System." Her thoughts rallied up the courage to pick up the chrome mic and hold it. A button push away from the entire school hearing made her giggle. Dare she? With the bell ready to sing of release, she also heard the growing signs of personal release. Jimmy was grunting, Zoe and Violet were taking turns moaning, even Amber was ready to cum hard. Standing up with the mic Monica did what she did best, create havoc.
P.A. activated a loud crackle of static relayed the noise in the room. Jimmy snarling and cumming over two cunts pressed atop one another, two cunts mumbling 'Fuck this feels good." and "Don't stop Neutron.", and finally Amber howling at her accomplished orgasm. The entire school was in on the mischief.
Hearing the speakers bellowing out across the school Lloyd Janson had to break character. Tossing Amber aside brusquely he jumped to his feet, slipping a bit under the mound of clothing. Going to his door he opens it and slams it just as quickly. With a ear shattering bellow he expressed authority, "WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS? WHO SAID YOU COULD SNEAK INTO MY OFFICE AND USE THE P.A. SYSTEM. PUT IT DOWN THIS INSTANT."
Monica had to muffle her laugh with a hand over her mouth. Jimmy found it funny and chuckled slapping his cock on Zoe's clit. Lloyd had no choice but to snatch the mic from Monica and shut it off. Equally as fast he dropped to his knees before Monica. "Forgive me Mistress."
"All good Knave. I was the bad girl that time. Everyone get dressed and get out. Fun's over. For you guys that is." She laughed. Giving the girls time to recover the use of their sensitive limbs everyone got dressed and waited until the bustle of students moving between classes became silent. Escapes made Zoe and Violet skipped class and went to the gym for privacy. They needed to talk.
Amber slapped Jimmy on the back in the hallway. "How's about you prove you can break your record Stud?"
"Stud? Thanks." He laughed, "How?"
"You have a car right?"
"Truck actually. I drove my Dad's pickup today."
"A bed...even better. Let's test out your ole' man's shocks."
"Fuck yeah."
Passing Madge Carpenter, Lloyd's secretary in the hall the two laugh and disappear fast. Madge checking on her boss in his office just made sense. Gravitating at Lloyd's door she hears a bitter scolding and turns tail letting him deal with things. What she did hear was Lloyd saying, "You must be punished for your lack of common sense Miss Tress." She did question who Miss Tress was? Madge wasn't the brightest old timer in the new world.
Within the office Monica still nude was bent over Lloyd's desk and letting him punish her for her bad manners. It was only fair to reward her pet for what she put him through. Between each thrust up into Monica, Lloyd raised his voice with disdain. With each retreat he whispered, "Forgive me Mistress."
Monica Gift was a fair Mistress after all.
Ten minutes prior...
"What in the world?" Coach Marion Murray sat in her office, her turn in sharing the gym with the Men's Coach letting her relax. Hearing the disturbance of moans, squeals, and manly grunts over the P.A. System she had to laugh. "Must be Minx Monica getting into trouble again. Damn I wish I could have won her at the Slave for a Day charity. I would have rocked her world." She waits until she hears Janson bellow and the P.A. shut off before unlocking her bottom desk drawer. Keeping it locked was in her best interest. Opening it she lifts out something she should not even possess on the school grounds. Since when did any of the faculty obey regulations? In her hands was a strap on dildo with a monster ten inch wagging before her eyes.
"Wouldn't we have Harryette?" Heshe would agree. "Maybe we can strike a deal with the sexy Miss Gift." Laughing she returned it to her drawer and called her girlfriend.
"Hey Karla...I just had a fun thought...I say we unwrap a Gift."
Karla loved surprises.
==================
Coming soon : Monica 52 : wHOLE SheBang