The Window Washer
--- +++ ---
All sexually active characters in this work of fiction are over the age of eighteen
--- +++ ---
Edited by Tex Beethoven

Melody sighed and pushed herself back from the computer, standing to stretch. The numbers simply weren't making sense, and after staring at the screen for hours without seeing the answers she sought, she needed a break. She swivelled her office chair to take in the view out the window. From the 39th floor of the building, she had a view over the suburbs all the way to the beach. It was a gorgeous view, but how much better would it be to actually be at the beach? She walked to the window and simply gazed for a while, glad that the older building she was in still had offices around the building's perimeter rather than it all being open plan like most modern buildings. Open plan might be more efficient and cost effective, but at what emotional cost to the workers? Unlike her, the minions didn't have the privacy to pause for a moment to lift their spirits and clear their heads by taking in the fabulous view.
As she watched a plane traverse the sky, she noticed two vertical cables interrupting her view, although not badly. Her office had two wide windows to the outside, and the cables framed the one on the left. The cables started to sway and as she watched, a window cleaner's gantry descended into view. Glad of the distraction, Melody watched the gantry descend until it was level with her floor and then stop. An extraordinarily nicely put together young worker manned the gantry.
Melody wasn't sure if he could see her or not, so she gave him a small wave as he began washing the window. He seemed not to notice, so she took some time to admire him. He was working shirtless in the warm summer air, and clearly spent plenty of time looking after himself. He had beautifully defined muscles that glistened with a sheen of sweat as he worked. Melody found herself standing right up by the window, staring intently, her nipples hardening at the sight of him working. All thoughts of spreadsheets and making the numbers balance fled her mind as she indulged in a mid-afternoon fantasy of what she might do if she had such an attractive young man at her disposal for a couple of hours.
She watched for a good ten minutes before feeling guilty about the time she was wasting, but when she returned to her computer, which necessitated her facing away from the window, she couldn't help turning to admire him every couple of minutes. She admonished herself for her lack of discipline, acting like a teenage girl with a new crush, but even that didn't stop her from continually turning in her chair.
It was late in the day, and the building's shadow started to fall across where the young man was working. Melody knew from long hours of overtime that as the light changed, so did the ability to see through the window in either direction. For instance after dark, she could only see a few houselights out there, and sometimes the moon. She was always glad that they were on the edge of the city rather than viewing other tall buildings, where you would be looking into other people's offices. She hadn't given the changing lighting any thought and was surprised when, as she stood and moved to the window for another close-up inspection of the delightful young man, he gave her a cheery wave. She blushed furiously, feeling the heat spread from her face down to her neck, but nevertheless waved back at him. She saw his gaze lingering on her as he paused in his washing and she self-consciously turned back to her desk. She couldn't decide whether getting caught checking him out was embarrassing (her first instinct) or a little bit exciting. The latter feeling replaced the former as she dwelled on it. He was certainly wasn't shy about admiring her in turn. Perhaps some communication would help. Melody pulled out a piece of paper and scrawled a note on it in large writing so it would be easily legible.
How long will you be at my window?
She went to the window and held it up for him to see. She watched him read it, then survey his progress, and then he held up five fingers, closed his fist, opened it again and repeated one final time.
15 minutes?she scrawled on the back of the paper. He gave her a thumbs up and a smile. Since he was appearing so friendly, she scrawled another note, feeling bold and brazen given the relative anonymity of the exchange.
Thanks for the eye candy!
He made a show of mock-flexing his muscles for her and gave an exaggerated, almost pantomime laugh. Melody laughed as well, and then on the spur of the moment, lifted her black, knee-length business skirt to show off a bit of leg. She let it fall back down with a laugh, and enjoyed it when the attractive young man outside her window applauded her. Of course all their communication was visual... neither of them could hear the other at all.
Deciding if she continued gawking at him she'd only feel embarrassed, Melody scrawledGot to goon a note and turned to leave her office. He feigned heartbreak at her departure, which sent Melody's heart fluttering.
"Are you okay? You look a little flushed," Amber asked her in the kitchen as Melody made herself a cup of tea.
"Yeah, fine thanks Amber," she replied, thankful she didn't blush yet again as she considered the origins of her flushed appearance.
"You going to have those numbers for Margo today?"
"Yep, I think I've finally found where the error is, and I should be done in about half an hour," Melody replied. She took her tea back to her office and smiled at the sight of the young man still washing the window. She closed her office door. He noticed her enter and gave her a big smile. She watched as he soaped up the window and then started writing in the suds with a finger.
Sexiest view I've had in a long time, he wrote slowly. He wrote in reverse to be easily legible for her and some of the letters were backwards, but that didn't lessen the impact it had on her. She put a hand to her chest and exaggerated a heart flutter, patting it rapidly against her breast. The man grinned at her and then soaped up the window again.
All done today, back tomorrow for the other pane, he wrote slowly. Melody walked right up to the window with a white-board marker in her hand. Like he'd written in the suds, she wrote on the window as well, not bothering with the paper.
Shirtless again I hope.
He grinned at her and shrugged, not committing. Then he pantomimed getting a brilliant idea.
I will if you will,he wrote in the suds before wiping them away. Melody feigned shock and waggled a finger at him as if he were a naughty little boy. He gave her an unapologetic smile and a wave and then activated the gantry, slowly disappearing from view as he made his way down to continue his cleaning.
Melody sighed and returned to the computer to face the numbers again. The distraction had been just what she needed, and she quickly worked her way through the report she was preparing for Margo.
--- +++ ---
Alone at home that night, Melody lay soaking in her bath, fingers idly caressing her nipples as she entertained dreams of the muscular young man who had been washing her window. She thought about the final note he'd written in the suds suggesting he'd go shirtless if she would. She considered it, toying with the prospect of removing her shirt and standing near the window watching him work while half exposed. She twisted a nipple, sending a spike of pleasure through her body. She slid a hand beneath the water and between her legs, fingers stroking over her landing strip and down to her pussy. She teased herself, flicking a fingertip back and forth over her clit, then rubbing it firmly.
With a sigh, she pulled the plug to allow some water to drain from the tub before repositioning herself and turning on the tap so the water flowed over her pussy. The mildly turbulent flow of water impacted her clit nicely, and with her feet braced against the wall on which the taps were mounted, she enjoyed the electrifying thrill of her orgasm as she fantasised about naked window washers high above the city streets.
--- +++ ---
The following morning Melody took a little more care with dressing for work than she usually did. She wasn't actually planning anything, it was more a case of being prepared in case she chose to take advantage of any moment of craziness that might present itself. She slipped on a red lacy thong and its matching bra, which accentuated her large breasts nicely ... and which had no business being worn to work. Then, rather than one of her sensible skirts, she opted for a shorter, flirtier one. The white blouse she wore was sheer enough that her bra was evident, so she grabbed a light jacket to wear over it, glad that the air-conditioning in the office was habitually cool enough that no-one would question her wearing it, even though it was summer. And at least she was driving and didn't have to worry about sweltering on public transport.
The morning passed interminably slowly but Melody worked hard, determined to get everything done that she needed to before the afternoon. If her friendly window-washer did appear later in the day, she didn't want to feel guilty about having slacked off all morning, daydreaming about what might happen later.
Melody ate lunch at her desk quickly and worked through the rest of her break and then, as the clock trekked on toward the end of the day, found herself looking out the window again and again, wondering if her new friend would actually appear. After a seeming eternity, she turned her chair and found the gantry descending to her level again. It was spanning her right-hand windowpane this time, and was thankfully occupied by the same well-chiselled male form as the day before. Melody was thrilled to see he was again shirtless. She walked directly up to the window he was washing and stood so close she was almost touching it, admiring him much as she had the day before. It was quickly evident the light conditions weren't yet suitable to allow him to see her.
His presence prompted Melody to play scenarios through her mind, wondering what she might be prepared to do. She knew she wanted to tease him, she just wasn't certain how far she was prepared to go.
After a good twenty minutes of her checking him out the light conditions were finally suitable, and she saw him respond to her presence.Wowhe mouthed, when he took in her appearance. She smiled at him and snapped a pretend camera, indicating she was as happy with him as he apparently was with her. But he wasn'tcompletelyhappy, for he pointed to his bare chest, then at her clothed one, his face displaying exaggerated disappointment. He produced a marker of his own and wroteunfair,on the window, clearly having come prepared. Melody picked up her marker again and wroteLife's like that,before wiping it away. The window-washer feigned a wounded heart, and Melody laughed at him. Shewalked across the office and made sure her door was closed and locked, then strode back to the window. She stood right in front of him, close enough that she could have reached out and caressed his chest were it not for the glass separating them. She removed her jacket and reached for the top button of her blouse, deftly slipping it through the buttonhole. Her new friend watched intently, eyes wide and mouth grinning as she released the top three buttons, allowing some of her ample cleavage to appear, along with some of her bright red bra.
He applauded and fanned himself, as if hot. Emboldened, Melody brought the whiteboard marker to her lips, sucking on it teasingly, running her tongue around the tip, and then sliding a good two inches of it into her mouth. She couldn't believe how hot it made her feel. Her body was reacting in all the right ways to her sudden streak of exhibitionism. Her audience appeared to enjoy the show just as much as (if not more than) she did. With the marker still protruding from her mouth, she glanced boldly down at his crotch and raised her eyebrows at him.
Hard? she wrote on the window.
Getting there,he wrote back. Melody took the wetted marker from her mouth and pushed it as deep into her cleavage as she could, then stroked it between her breasts before pulling it back out and again sliding it into her mouth. Recovered from her earlier embarrassment , she was more purposeful; deliberate. She wanted to let him know just how good at sucking cock she was, and she made every effort to put that skill on display with the marker.
Oh fuck,he mouthed as he watched her.
Harder now?shewrote on the window. In answer he pressed both palms against the front of his work shorts and held them so they outlined the erection nestled between them. It was of appreciable size, and Melody grinned. She reached to the window and ran her hand against the glass as if she were stroking him, then stepped back just far enough to undo the rest of her blouse's buttons. The lust on the guy's face drove her wild. She was on fire, experiencing a burning in her loins that she knew she'd be looking to satisfy the instant she got home. With her blouse completely undone down the front, she parted the two sides to show off her bright red, lacy bra. It was the window-washer's turn to reach out to the glass as if caressingher breasts with his hands.
Melody stepped forward and pressed her bra-clad breasts against the glass right where his hands were. She wished she could actually feel them on her, but she was also still enjoying the anonymity of this naughty exchange.
Her friend used his marker to writeName?
She hesitated. Did she really want to go that far? She'd just been enjoying the excitement of having no idea who she was performing for, and now he wants a name? She decided to prevaricate.
Sarah,she wrote on the glass.You?
Mack,he scrawled.
She teased him again, running a finger along the line of her bra, then cupping and squeezing her boobs in front of him. He responded by stroking himself through his shorts.
Show me,Melody wrote on the glass, then drew an arrow pointedly toward his crotch. He looked around, clearly nervous as she erased her latest scribble.
Tit for tat?he wrote.
Melody assumed what she hoped looked like a thoughtful stance, and then after a few moments, she nodded. She then watched eagerly as he undid the zipper of his work shorts and fished around inside. In only a moment, he produced a nice long, thick cock.
Melody stared. It was beautiful! She applauded, then knelt on her office carpet, bringing her face level with his cock. She licked her lips while looking up at him, and then gave him another sample of what her oral talents might be like if were lucky enough, again using the marker as a substitute. He gave his cock a couple strokes, and Melody imagined him sliding the soft skin of his cock across her tongue.
Aware of hertit for tatcommitment, she stood up and slipped her blouse off her shoulders, sliding the bra straps down with it. Her audience was now as rapt as she'd been as he'd revealed himself. She slipped the cups of her bra off and slid the band down to her waist, her large breasts settling on her chest. Her nipples were rock hard. She always thought they looked kind of small given the size of her breasts, but she certainly enjoyed their sensitivity.
Holy fuck,Mack mouthed as she gave her nipples a sexy little tug.
The sound of her phone ringing scared the living daylights out of Melody, and she scrambled her clothes into a sense of order before answering it. Mack laughed at her ... who gets dressed to answer the phone?... but he quickly packed himself away too.
By the time she'd dealt with the phone call, Mack was back washing the window, and was almost done.
Sorry, had to take that,she wrote.
No problem. But I have to finish this up,he responded.
I hope you'll be back?
In a month.
I'll be waiting,Melody wrote.
Mack activated the gantry and disappeared from view. When he was down low and almost out of sight, Melody flipped her skirt up and pressed her ass cheeks against the window.
She sighed. A whole month?
--- +++ ---
Over the course of the next month, Melody found herself looking at the window of her office more frequently. She even repositioned her desk so it was at ninety degrees to the window. She'd always kept her desk facing the door to see when someone came in, thus turning her back to the window, but this new orientation would give her the best chance to respond to her new obsession, while still being able to greet someone the instant they came through her door.
Not normally someone to count days unless she had a holiday planned, Melody found herself monitoring what proved to be unbelievably slow progress toward the approximate date she'd circled, which was the closest weekday to a month from the first day she'd encountered Mack cleaning her window.
Four days out from the date she'd circled, she was presented with an unexpected surprise. She'd walked out to collect a report from the communal resource area where the printers were located, and she found Lisa and Mandy standing shoulder to shoulder, heads together, as they exchanged whispers and stared out a window. Melody peered over their shoulders to see what had brought them so close together, and smiled when she saw Mack cleaning the window. She inconspicuously joined the two younger women, standing between but a step behind them.
"I've never wished so much that I had an office," Lisa was saying.
"I know what you mean, look at that chest," Mandy agreed.
"It's a sight that's for sure," Melody chimed in, startling the two girls into brief cries of shock.
"Oh, hi Melody," Lisa said, blushing red. "We were um, just heading back."
"You needn't for my sake, I don't mind," Melody laughed, "After all, Idohave an office, and I can tell you it's every bit as good as you think. Last month while he was washing my windows, my productivity absolutely died!"
"Was he shirtless like now?" Mandy asked.
"Uh huh. Quite the distraction, I must say. Enjoy it while it lasts, girls." Melody grabbed her report and sauntered away. She knew she had a reputation as a bit of a ball-buster around the office; after all, she'd had to work hard to get where she had. She hoped going easy on the girls for once might earn her a little social credit. She had a skip in her step, knowing Mack would likely be returning toherwindows within the next couple of days. Her office was adjacent to the resource area, so he'd only have to work his way down the building to the ground floor and then start at the top again above one ofherwindows, and she should see him again within a day or two.
Two days later Melody glanced out the window late in the afternoon and saw the cables dangling from the bottom of the window-washing gantry. She smiled and squeezed her thighs together, her body reacting viscerally to her anticipation. She tried to continue working effectively while she waited for the gantry to bring Mack into view, but the distraction proved too much. She barely made any headway at all against her string of un-answered emails as she waited impatiently for the gantry to lower itself. She slid forward in her seat, spreading her legs, a hand dipping to her crotch, teasing herself through her panties.
By the time Mack finally came into view, she could feel her excitement through the soaked cotton gusset. She checked the angle of the sunlight, and realised she'd have to wait a while longer until Mack would see into her the office. She locked her office door and returned to her seat, rolling to the window where she sat and quietly masturbated through her panties while she watched Mack working her window, enjoying the play of the light off his glistening chest.
She took up her white board marker and wroteI can see youon the window. She sucked on the marker, bringing to mind the memory of him giving his hard cock those two brief strokes while she had knelt at the window.
It seemed like an eternity until the moment when she saw him pull a marker from his pocket and scrawl on the window,And now I can see you.
Melody stood next to the window and planted a kiss on it, imprinting the widow with her bright red lipstick.
A bit hard to clean that from out here,Mack wrote.
Might have to come inside?Melody teased. She was answered with a non-committal shrug of the shoulders. Standing before him with greater confidence than the month prior, she started releasing the buttons of her blouse, continuing until she could part the two halves, placing her bra on display. She received a thumbs up, and she shrugged the blouse from her shoulders before tossing it over the arm of her chair. She teased Mack with her shoulder straps, toying with whether they should come off or not. Mack clapped and then put his hands together, fingers intertwined, as if pleading with her. She picked up her marker and wroteTit for Taton the window.
She saw him grin, and his hands went to his shorts. He stroked himself and outlined his erection for her, showing off his aroused state, before sliding the zipper down and reaching within to extract himself. She salivated at the sight, again wishing she could take him in her mouth. With his erection on display, Melody released the clasp of her bra and let it fall away from her breasts, the shoulder straps sliding down her arms. She flung it to lie with her blouse and stood before him topless, massaging herself, her nipples hard to the touch. She took another step closer to the window and pressed her breasts against it. She watched Mack put a hand to the window as if to hold her right breast and she grinned at him, receiving the same in reply. When she stepped back, Mack pointed at her skirt, and gave her a querying raised eyebrow.
Melody grinned and still standing, gathered her business skirt from the hips, the hem sliding upwards slowly, revealing her thighs as she did so. Mack slowly stroked his cock for her as she raised the curtain, eventually exposing her pale blue cotton thong. Mack applauded at the appearance of her underwear and signalled with his finger for her to twirl. She obliged him very slowly, and he applauded upon her completion of her circuit.
She pointed toward his shorts and mimed him dropping them. He looked very unsure of himself, but she could tell by the twinkle in his eyes that he wasn't. She teased him, tugging gently at her panties as if she were about to pull them down her legs. Mack looked about, checking his surroundings. Given there weren't any tall buildings, behind him, she wasn't sure who he thought might see him, but she understood the reluctance. After all, she had no idea what she'd do if someone knocked on her door while she was half-naked.
She pulled her panties to one side, giving him a glimpse of her landing strip, and tried to express aget on with itlook on her face. Her stiff nipples hardened even further when after releasing his safety harness his hands went to the belt holding up his shorts and undid it. Moments later they dropped to his ankles, and he stood thirty-nine floors above the street (after restoring his harness) with his erect cock straining upward and away from him.
Melody sat in her chair and rolled it nice and close to the window. She wiggled her thong down her butt, then down her legs. Kicking it off, she hooked a leg over the arm of her desk chair and spread the other one wide, fully revealing her wet pussy to Mack.
Fuck,Mack mouthed delightedly, squatting on the window-washing gantry to bring himself closer to the level of her pussy. Melody ran a finger up her slit, teasing it between her bald pussy lips, dipping it briefly into her vagina. Mack stroked himself faster. Melody moaned at the sight of his fist working his cock, and she grabbed the marker. She teased it at the entrance to her pussy, giving Mack ashould I?look. He showed her how hard she'd made him while nodding urgently.
Melody found the lustful look on his face intoxicating, and she slid the marker between her lips, pushing it deep inside her pussy. She slid it smoothly in and out, wishing it was bigger and fleshier, wishing it could be the hard cock she was admiring through the window. Mack's cock would move and pulse and vary while he fucked her with it, while the marker was hard and unyielding, a poor substitute.
With her other hand she teased her clit, committed to cumming. She wanted to see Mack cum as well.
Cum for me,she mouthed during a moment when they made eye contact, having managed to briefly tear their eyes away from each other's genitals. Melody's nipples ached deliciously, and she wished she had someone to suck or pull on them, even just a spare hand so she could attend to it herself, but she had to manage with what she had. When she spotted pre-cum seeping from the tip of Mack's hard dick, a thrill shot through her; the knowledge that she was the one turning him on fuelling her excitement He was stroking determinedly, aiming the tip of his dick directly at Melody's spread-eagled, marker-filled pussy. She watched him lean forward and place a hand against the window glass, supporting himself with it. She twiddled her clit mercilessly, feeling the pressure and her pleasure build, her orgasm coming on quickly. Mack's chest was heaving, and he threw his head back, gasping in air, then he looked directly at Melody as he first pumped, and then pointed his cock toward her as it ejected a thick rope of cum against the window.
Melody imagined she heard the impressively thick stream of cum splatter against the glass. It was quickly followed by a second, somewhat diminished spurt. When the third expulsion of cum hit the window Melody came with him, her pussy clutching at the marker buried within it, her juices gushing out and flowing down over her anus. Determinedly, she kept her legs spread wide for Mack's sake, despite a fierce desire to clamp them together as the joyful, electric spasms of her pussy crashed through her body.
Neither of the two participants moved for several long moments, as they gathered their breath and processed what they'd just done together.
Amazing,Melody scrawled on the window before shimmying her skirt back down and gathering her bra and blouse to put on. Mack restored his shorts, readjusted his harness and packed his cock away before picking up his cleaning implements to clear away the evidence of his explosion.
U R Hot as Fuck!Mack wrote on the window, then paused for her read it before cleaning it away. Reluctantly, Melody cleaned up her side of the glass and returned to her desk and pretended to work. Mack completed the outside of the window in a rush, clearly behind schedule, and then the gantry sank from view. Melody knew she'd have one more day this month when he'd pass down to do the other pane of her window, and she wondered how on earth she was going to top the fun they'd had today.
--- +++ ---
The following day Melody again waited impatiently for Mack to appear outside her window, a modern-day, and significantly moreadultPeter Pan. She'd masturbated twice when she returned home the previous evening, the memory of her brazen performance stirring her to heights of pleasure she'd never reached before. Despite the delightful level of pleasure she'd achieved, she planned to surpass it today. She smiled just thinking about what she planned.
When the gantry became visible in its descent, Melody held out for as long as she could before scurrying over to her office door to latch and lock it.
Once Mack was in view and the light cooperative, events followed a similar path to the previous day, although even more rapidly. Melody was eager and Mack appeared beyond any concern about being seen and quickly had his cock out and being pumped in his fist.
Just as quickly, Melody had her skirt up around her waist, and her blouse and bra had once again been discarded. She teased her pussy, sliding her fingers between her slick, wet lips, occasionally bringing them to her mouth to suck hungrily, delighting in the reaction on Mack's face whenever she did so.
When Mack was nice and hard, Melody reached for her pre-loaded hand bag and fished around inside it, presenting Mack with an evil grin, suggesting a surprise was in order. With a flourish, she produced her bright red, cock-shaped dildo. Mack's eyes widened in awe as she took it in her mouth and sucked hungrily on it, again wishing he was on her side of the glass.
She left her chair to kneel before him, holding the base of the dildo against the glass, slurping at the tip and plunging her mouth over it, as if this werehiscock. From the gantry, Mack held his cock as close to the glass as he could, enhancing the illusion; stroking happily as she teased him. After a minute of fellating the toy, Melody stood up and turned around, facing away from the window. With one hand resting on her chair to support herself and the other holding the dildo in place against the glass, she bent at the waist and thrust her ass back toward the window, sliding the toy into her pussy as she did so.
Wow!Mack mouthed to her as she watched him watching her over her shoulder. She groaned as she pushed back against the eight-inch toy, persevering until only the last half inch was exposed. She eased herself forward and then pushed back again, then repeated the cycle, sliding back and forth until she was ready to reveal the next stage of her plan. She pushed back, buried the toy in her pussy and halted in place. Then, with a saucy wink, she sucked and drooled on her index finger while looking back over her shoulder. When she was sure she had Mack's attention, she reached back and ran the tip of her finger over and around her puckered little asshole.
Should I?she mouthed to him when he tore his gaze from the sight of her finger playing with her anus. He gave her an enthusiastic thumbs up and Melody slid her finger into her tight back passage. She worked her finger in and out before pulling it out entirely, and then taking hold of the toy, she slipped it from her pussy and brought it to her mouth.
She sucked her juices from the bright red cock, making sure to lick carefully around the ridged head, where they'd accumulated the most. Finally she extracted the dildo from her mouth, reached back behind her, and teased the tip of the toy against her asshole. Rather than say anything, she simply gave Mack a questioning glance, in effect asking him if she should proceed.
Hell yes, Mack mouthed in response. She pushed the toy against her anus, and bracing the dildo against the window, thrust back with her hips, feeling it spread her tight sphincter. She only managed to get the tip of the toy in before she pulled it back out and drooled all over it. She tried again, but still needed more lubrication. Fortunately she'd prepared for the eventuality and grabbed the lube she'd hidden in her handbag. Mack kept slowly stroking his cock as he waited for her to finish her preparations. They didn't take long and within a couple of moments the lubricated head of the red dildo was pushing back within her anus. Melody sighed as the head penetrated her and pushed inside, stretching and filling her back passage.
She eased it in and then started rocking her bum back and forth, again looking over her shoulder to take in the changing expressions on Mack's face as he watched her show. Her pussy was dripping with pleasure, and she briefly wondered whether she'd end up with her juices running down her thighs, but lamented that if so, it wouldn't include Mack's cum.
She performed with the toy in her in her ass for a couple of minutes before the desire to see Mack cum again became overwhelming. So she pulled the dildo from her ass with a sigh and paused in place, giving him some time to take in the sight of her gaped anus. Then she grabbed her marker and scrawledcum on meon the window. She knelt facing the window, positioning the dildo so she could again take it in her butt, this time bracing it against the floor as she sat back on her heels. She thrust her breasts out toward the window, her hard nipples aching. With her hands now freed, one went to her pussy and the other to her breast. She fingered her clitoris while pinching and squeezing her nipples before lifting her breasts in offering to the gorgeous young man pumping his cock on the other side of the window.
Mack stroked his cock urgently, one hand on the window as he'd done the day before, leaning in with his cock close, aiming it at her proffered chest.
Melody watched eagerly, using visual clues to determine when he was close to exploding, waiting with barely suppressed anticipation for the moment when the cum would fly out and splatter against the window.
She didn't have to wait long. Mack pumped and pumped, and then at the critical moment stopped, his massively erect penis held still as the base pulsed and sent a load of sperm spraying onto the glass right in line with her breasts. Melody brought herself over the edge, her body exploding delightfully with her orgasm.
Mack packed himself away and when Melody was ready, she rocked forward and slipped from the dildo. Standing, she took up the marker and scrawled her phone number on the window.
Mack looked surprised to see it, but he pulled his phone from his pocket and his thumbs danced over it briefly.
Hi,came a text to Melody's phone a moment later.
6pm, lobby. Your cock everywhere my toy just went,Melody replied. Mack looked at her thoughtfully, hesitating with his thumbs poised to respond. Melody waited, wondering what might be coming her way.
Sorry. Married. Already went too far,she read when it came through.
Naughty boy,Melody responded. She was disappointed, but she put a good face on it.If you change your mind, you have my number and you know where I work.She didn't mention that she also had his, but she gathered her clothes and put them on, as Mack resumed cleaning her window, removing the evidence of his pleasure before the gantry once again descended from view.
End