Cindy was a very average woman. She was average age with average looks and an average body. She was prim and proper, modest and conservative in dress and manner; a little shy and reserved. She was the kind of woman you wouldn't look twice at in a small crowd. She married an average man who was intense only about his work. He brought his work home with him when he was home and travelled a lot.
After seven years of marriage Cindy was getting tired of being practically ignored and resented that her husband paid more attention to his work than he did to her. She felt invisible. She finally asked him to stay home and spend some time with her but he had yet another business trip coming up and would be gone for a week. He suggested that she go visit her sister who lived in another city several hours away.
When her husband left, Cindy was hurt and angry. After his taxi left she sat and fumed for almost an hour. She decided that she had had enough. She decided that she needed to do something. She wanted to feel alive but instead felt like nothing. And she wanted to punish her husband who no longer seemed to care.
Cindy put on her sexiest skirt. It wasn't particularly sexy as it was a plain cotton print that came only a few inches above her knee. Then she put on a button-up shirt and brushed her hair. She never wore much makeup and didn't have anything special to put on. She looked at herself in the mirror and decided that she just looked plain. But that was the best she could do.
Cindy grabbed her purse, got in the car, and started driving toward her sister's house. She wasn't really thinking of visiting her sister but it was a direction to go. Once she got on the Interstate her mind began to dwell on her situation and her anger and frustration and desire to do something. And she wanted to get at her husband, to punish him somehow.
The section of the Interstate that she was on was pretty empty. She came to an exit and saw that there were a few rundown buildings along the service road. One of the buildings looked like it might be some kind of convenience store and another one claimed to be a tattoo shop. Maybe if she got a tattoo then her husband would notice, or at least be upset. She headed for the exit with her heart pounding just a bit.
Cindy pulled up in front of the tattoo shop wondering what it was like and if she could really go in. She was scared and nervous. She got out and slipped quietly in the door. The shop consisted of one room with drawings covering the walls. In the back of the room was a chair and a table with tattooing tools on a shelf on the back wall. Two men were in the shop. They were both covered with tattoos. One, who seemed to be the tattoo artist, was skinny wearing a wife-beater shirt and had several days' worth of scraggly beard. The other one had a pot belly and stringy hair that needed washing and combing.
The skinny one asked Cindy if she was looking for a tattoo. Cindy just gave him a scared look and swallowed, not able to speak. He walked over to her, took her arm and led her to one wall of the room. He pointed out several that he thought she might like. Again, Cindy said nothing just looking at the designs wide-eyed. Skinny finally selected one with a heart and flowers for her and led her over to the table.
When Skinny asked her where she wanted the tattoo Cindy just mumbled. He helped her lay on the table and then raised her skirt up to her waist. This really got Cindy's heart beating hard. Here in this dirty room this dirty guy who's name she didn't even know was lifting her skirt up and revealing her panties all while another stranger watched. Then Skinny grabbed her panties and pulled them down and off of her feet. Cindy was now laying there naked from the waist down. Now she was breathing hard along with her fast, hard heartbeat.
Potbelly stood watching and grinning while Skinny got out a razor and some gel. He began to shave the upper part of Cindy's pubic hair. While doing it he managed to get his hands all over her pussy lips causing Cindy to squirm just a bit. He finally finished leaving just a tuft of hair and cleaned her up. When Skinny went to get the tattoo pattern Potbelly began to rub her pussy. Cindy wanted to scream but she was too scared, nervous, and excited.
Skinny returned with the pattern and copied it on her abdomen just above the tuft of pubic hair. Then he got his needle and turned it on. That was as far as Cindy could go. She jumped up off the table and said that she was sorry but just couldn't do it. She grabbed her purse and ran out the door. She was on the Interstate before she realized that she had left her panties in the shop.
This was a new experience for Cindy. She had never gone without panties before. She felt naked. She was also partially shaved and had a tattoo drawn on her next to her cunt. She felt so naughty. She felt like everyone who passed her must know. As she began to settle down she realized how excited she had been during the episode. Her heart was still beating fast. She wondered how long the drawing would last and if her husband would get to see it. She wondered what he would think about that.
After awhile Cindy needed to use the bathroom. She started looking for a service station. This part of the Interstate was still pretty deserted and a long way from any city. She finally saw an old truck stop. If anything it was even more rundown than the tattoo shop and convenience store had been. She wasn't even sure it was operating.
Cindy pulled off the Interstate and drove up to the truck stop. The windows were grimy and there was junk everywhere. One lone truck was pulled up in front of the old pumps and a beat up wrecker was parked beside the building. The place looked creepy and Cindy wouldn't even have considered stopping but after her experience at the tattoo shop she was feeling a little more adventurous. Besides, she really needed to use the bathroom.
Cindy went in what appeared to be the front door. The guy behind the dirty counter was a cross between Skinny and Potbelly from the tattoo shop. When he took the cigarette from his mouth she saw crooked and yellow teeth. About that time another man walked in. He wore grimy overalls and no shirt. He had grease on his face and arms. Cindy was beginning to rethink her decision to stop here. The guys were looking at her like a hungry dog looks at raw meat.
Cindy asked where the ladies room was. The guy behind the counter told her that it was out of order but that she could use the men's room and pointed toward the back of the building. Cindy walked around untidy piles of truck parts and other things to a room down a dingy, narrow hallway.
There was no door on the restroom. It had a sink, a urinal, and a stall with no door. The toilette seat was filthy as was the toilette itself. There was water on the floor and the whole place stank of urine and crap. Cindy lifted her skirt above her waist and crouched over the toilette trying not to touch anything. As she started going she looked up and saw the counter guy watching her. She took a sharp breath but continued what she was doing.
When she finished, Cindy saw that there was no toilette paper. She held her dress up and walked over to the sink to clean up. Counter guy watched her the whole way. Cindy felt excited and dirty and a little scared that this filthy stranger was seeing her shaved and tattooed cunt and watching what she was doing. When she got to the sink she saw it was as dirty as everything else in the place. She turned on the tap and the water that came out was less than clear.
About that time Cindy felt hands on her ass. She looked back and saw Counter Guy rubbing her butt and working his hands between her legs. Now she was really getting scared. He put his hand on her back to keep her bent over the sink while he worked his other hand between her legs. She braced herself against the sink to keep from falling into it.
When Cindy next looked back Counter Guy had opened his pants and pulled out a short, fat dick. He was rubbing it in the crack of her ass and working it between her legs. Cindy's heart was racing and her breathing was coming fast. This wasn't anything she had planned on. Counter Guy kicked her feet apart and pushed against her forcing his dick into her. It finally popped in and he started pumping her in and out.
Counter Guy was rough as he pounded her. Cindy was horrified at what was happening to her. She didn't even know the guy's name and here he was having sex with her. She could hardly breathe. There were no words, he was just using her. It didn't take him too long to squirt his cum into her. He pulled back and a small stream of cum ran out of Cindy and dripped on the floor.
Counter Guy slapped Cindy's ass and walked out. She was just about to stand up straight when she again felt hands on her ass. She looked back and saw Greasy leering at her. He pushed her back down as he opened his overalls and pulled out his dick. He pumped it in his hand a couple of times and then shoved into her. Cindy stifled a small scream as Greasy began pumping her. He was breathing hard and chuckling. Cindy was breathing hard and moaning in dismay.
Greasy didn't last too long, either. He unloaded his cum into Cindy with a grunt and final hard thrust. He pulled out and more cum ran out of Cindy and down her thigh. Greasy left her with a greasy smear on the back of her shirt and both ass cheeks.
Cindy looked at the water running from the tap. It still wasn't clear so she just turned it off. She put her dress down and walked numbly out of the truck stop with the mixed cum of two strangers running down her leg. The guys laughed at her and made rude comments as she went by. Her chest hurt from her heart beating so hard and her head was spinning. She sat down in her car and headed back out to the Interstate.
It was a depraved and thoroughly disgusting thing that had just happened to her. She felt dirty and used. Somehow, though, it fit with her state of mind. She had been looking for some way to get back at her husband and she had just allowed two strangers to take her. She had just thoroughly debased what should have been one of her husband's prized possessions.
As she drove the dampness she felt under her ass told her that the seeping cum was soaking the back of her dress. The odor of sex, sweat, and cum was strong in the car. She drove on dully not really paying attention to where she was going.
Cindy decided that she really needed to try to get cleaned up. Evening was approaching so she decided to stop for the night. She was still feeling emotionally dirty and wanted to continue the feeling of dirtiness and punishment. She saw a crummy-looking old one-story motel at the approaching exit. It was at least 50 years old, the kind of place where you wondered how often they changed the sheets. The motel was on a little two lane road that crossed the Interstate and there was nothing else around, not even a closed gas station. It had maybe 10 or 12 rooms at the most.
Cindy got off the Interstate and pulled up to the motel office. There were a couple of older cars parked in front of two of the units. She walked in and saw an unkempt, pot-bellied, middle aged man sitting in his undershirt watching a small black and white TV and holding a fly swatter. He got up and went behind the counter. The stink of sex and cum was still obvious on Cindy.
Cindy asked for a room for one person. The manager didn't say anything, just handed her a key and pointed over his shoulder. The cum-soaked spot on her dress was obvious as Cindy walked out. She pulled her car around to the unit number marked on the key.
The unit had a door with a window and a screen door on the outside. There was a big window on the front of the unit next to the door and facing the parking lot. The room inside was small with a small TV on a rolling stand and a double bed with a night stand. The sink was at the back of the room with the toilette and shower in a small closet-sized room in the corner.
The room was hot and had a musty and slightly sour smell. Cindy looked for the air conditioner and couldn't find one. She couldn't get the front window open so she left the main door open with the screen door closed. There was no lock on the screen door. She tried to close the curtains on the big window but they wouldn't stay closed all of the way leaving about an eight inch gap. The bathroom had a small window with a screen. Cindy managed to get the window open to provide a little breeze through the unit from the front door. The breeze was hot but at least it was fresher than the stagnant air in the room.
Cindy took off her skirt, blouse, and bra. She rinsed them in the shower as best she could and hung them over the bathroom door to dry. She got in the shower and started to clean up. The water was very hard with a distinct mineral odor. It was hard on her skin and didn't do a very good job of cleaning. The water was so hard the tiny soap bar wouldn't suds up. Cindy did the best she could and got out to dry off. There were two small, fraying towels only slightly bigger than hand towels. She had to use both of them to get dry.
With her wet clothes hanging over the bathroom door and the two small towels lying on the floor, Cindy had nothing to cover up with. The open door of the unit and the curtains that wouldn't close provided an easy view into the room from the parking lot. Cindy walked naked to the bed in full view of anyone in the parking lot and lay down on top of the covers. It was too hot to cover up.
After a short time Cindy became aware of two men looking in her window. She got a guilty thrill out of them looking at her naked body. She closed her eyes and ignored them.
A little later she heard her screen door opening and saw a short, dark-skinned man enter the room. He said something in a language she didn't understand but thought it might be Spanish. She just looked at him uncomprehendingly. He said something else as he approached the bed. He was looking hungrily at her body as he continued talking. When he sat on her bed and put his hands on her legs Cindy got an idea of what was about to happen.
After the afternoon in the truck stop this seemed almost casual. The man spread her legs apart and put his mouth on her cunt. He began to lick her and work his finger into her. She squirmed a bit and tensed at the thought that this stranger just walked in a buried his face in her crotch. He only did it for a few minutes then stopped and dropped his pants. He was already hard. He climbed up on the bed and positioned himself at the entrance to her cunt, then pushed his dick into her.
He began a rhythmic movement accompanied with grunting. He increased his pace slowly as his breathing got heavier. Cindy grunted with the weight of him on her. This sort of thing was still new enough to her that her heart was racing and beating hard. This was exciting and scary and thrilling. It was also dirty and disgusting and she felt humiliated that this stranger would just come in and take her. She was feeling all these conflicting emotions as this stranger continued to pump her.
She looked over at the window and the two men were back. Having them watch just made the whole thing even dirtier and more humiliating. Finally the man gave a few hard thrusts accompanied by a loud groan and shot his cum into Cindy. He laid there a minute breathing hard then rolled off of her. He put on his pants and left. The teens stood at the window watching as cum oozed out of Cindy's cunt. She increased her degradation by just letting it run down her crack and puddle on the sheet under her ass. Eventually she went to sleep.
Some hours later, she wasn't sure how long, the short man came back to her room. It was still dark outside so she guessed it must be sometime after midnight. This time the man had a friend with him. They spoke to each other in that same foreign language. The short man came to Cindy's bed and again mounted her. He didn't last as long this time and shot another load of his cum into her. Then his friend took his place humping Cindy. The friend pumped her for several minutes and finally added his load of cum to that of his friend. He pulled out and put his pants back on. He and the short man spoke, laughed quietly, and left. More cum oozed out of Cindy's cunt and down her ass to the bed as she drifted back to sleep.
The morning sun and the sound of engines woke Cindy. She felt bad. As she lay there remembering the day before and the four men who had used her so callously she felt disgusted. As she thought more about it she felt even more degraded. She thought about how her disinterested husband would respond to what happened to his wife. Her anger with him started to rebuild.
Cindy's crotch was an itchy, sticky mess. She went to the shower and cleaned herself up. She got dressed, went to her car, and drove around to the office. She dropped the key on the counter as the manager, who didn't seem to have changed clothes or bathed since the day before, came over to give her the bill.
Cindy reached into her purse for her wallet with her cash and credit cards and started to panic when she couldn't find it. She wondered briefly if one of the strangers who had screwed her the day before had taken it. Then she remembered leaving it on the kitchen table before she left home. She had been so angry that she had forgotten all about it. She looked up in dismay at the manager.
The manager guessed from the look on Cindy's face that she didn't have any money. After a short discussion he told her that he would take it in barter. He pointed over his shoulder to the back of the office. She thought that he was going to make her clean rooms or something.
The manager stood in front of Cindy and ordered her to strip. She guessed that he wasn't interested in having her cleaning rooms. Cindy nervously removed her shirt, skirt, and bra; it was all that she was wearing. The manager looked her over slowly. Then he pushed her back against a cabinet and lifted her up to where her butt was on the counter top. He lifted her knees over his elbows and spread her legs wide apart. It was a totally ungraceful and humiliating position.
The manager took out his dick and stroked it a bit. He dabbed some Vaseline on the head and rubbed it up and down Cindy's slit. The Vaseline stung a bit at first but then she got used to it. The manager shoved his dick into her and started pumping. As he picked up speed he plunged into her harder and harder slamming her back against the upper cabinet. Finally he emptied his balls into her and filled her with his cum. He pulled his dick out of her and pulled her down from the cabinet. He grabbed her bra and walked off telling her the bill was paid.
Cindy put her dress and shirt back on and headed for her car. Once again she was walking out with a stranger's cum running down her leg. This time she found a rag on the floorboard and put it on the seat. Then she lifted the back of her skirt so that the cum wouldn't soak it and sat on the rag. She drove off feeling totally disgusted with herself.
Cindy headed on down the Interstate with a seething anger at herself, at her husband, and at the world in general. It was hard to explain what she was feeling and doing. It was kind of like an itch. At first it felt good to scratch it but once she started she couldn't stop even though it was starting to get painful. She needed to continue to scratch the itch even knowing that it would soon start to bleed. That's the way she felt about her need to completely debase and degrade herself. There was some kind of undeniable urge to push herself even lower, to punish herself somehow, to act like a total slut.
An old, worn sign on the side of the Interstate advertised an adult store and theater at the next exit. Cindy had never been in an adult store or theater but she had heard stories. This seemed like a place where she could continue down the road to slutty debasement and really abuse herself. She took the exit.
The place was a moderately sized building that used to be something else. The few windows on the front had all been painted over. There were ten or so cars and pickups in the gravel, weedy parking lot. Cindy pulled in, took a deep breath with her heart beating faster, and went in the store. She looked nervously around. Inside there was a peculiar smell that seemed to be a combination of mildew, cum, sweat, and antiseptic. There were racks of magazines and DVDs in the middle of the room. On the right were racks of tacky lingerie and sex toys. On the left was a long counter with more sex toys. A door in the back led to a theater.
There were a few guys scattered around the racks looking at the magazines and DVDs. They all turned to look at Cindy when she walked in. They watched as she walked over to the counter and told the man there that she wanted to go in the theater. The counter man told her that ladies were free and to go on back. He buzzed her through the door.
The theater was dark inside but not pitch black. Cindy could see 10 or 12 rows of seats with folding bottoms like any movie theater. There was an aisle down the middle with about eight seats or so on each side. The three guys in the theater turned to watch Cindy as she moved to a middle row and sat in a middle seat. She was shaking with nervousness and uncertainty and was breathing faster. The scene on the screen was one of a white woman being serviced by two black men. Cindy began to watch her first porn film as the men started moving to the seats on each side of her.
As the men in the theater were repositioning themselves others that had been in the bookstore started to come into the theater. At first the men beside her just sat there. Then one put his hand on her leg. Cindy jumped a little nervously but otherwise didn't move or look around. The hand started rubbing her thigh and was soon joined by another hand on her other leg. Cindy's heart started beating harder, she started shaking a bit, and her breathing became faster as she finally thought about the gang bang she was about to have with a dozen strange men.
As the hands started working their way up her thigh she became aware of a man standing behind her. The man put his hands on her shoulders and started to rub them. Cindy continued to sit still and watch the movie as these men put their hands on her body. The man rubbing her shoulders started moving his hands down her chest. When he got to the first button on her shirt he unbuttoned it. Then he worked his way down to the next and unbuttoned it. This was enough for him to slide his hands over to her braless tits.
Meanwhile, the hands on her legs worked their way up to her crotch. They were jousting for position to slide a finger into her cunt. One finally managed it although she wasn't sure which. The men on each side of her pulled her legs apart for better access. The man behind her was working her tits over pretty good. Cindy's heart was beating so fast and she was breathing so hard and fast that she had to open her mouth to get enough air.
The man on her right got out of his seat and knelt in front of Cindy. He grabbed her knees and pulled her butt to the edge of the seat causing her to slump down with her head on the back of the seat and him between her legs. He dropped his pants and just stuck his hard dick into her. He pumped slowly at first but quickly began pumping furiously. With a grunt he came hard in Cindy. He pulled out leaving a small trail of cum dripping down the front of the seat and on the floor. He stood up and was immediately replaced by the guy on her left who quickly slid his dick into her. Both seats now had two new guys sitting in them rubbing her tits.
As the second stranger was pumping his dick in Cindy's cunt she felt a tapping on her cheek. The guy behind her was slapping his dick against her face. When she turned to look he slipped his dick into her open mouth. Cindy had never had a man's dick in her mouth before. This one tasted kind of salty and acidic and stank slightly. She didn't know what to do with it but she felt like having it in her mouth was as trashy as having it in her cunt. So began to work her tongue and lips around it while still trying to breath. It wasn't a great blow job but the guy didn't seem to care. He spurted his cum unexpectedly into her mouth. Cindy gagged and coughed. Most of the cum ran out of her mouth spattering down her chin and neck, and onto her chest. What was still in her mouth she swallowed when the guy pulled his dick out of her mouth.
The guy between Cindy's legs was a heavy cummer and when he let go he really filled her up. Cum spurted out of her cunt and down her ass. The puddle on the seat and on the floor was really growing. Guy number three moved into position and slipped his dick into her overflowing cunt. As he pumped cum was squirting out around his dick and spreading all over Cindy's crotch and belly. Just before he came he pulled out and shot his load onto her abdomen and in her trimmed pubic hair.
The guy in Cindy's mouth was replaced by a new dick. And so it went. The cum in and on Cindy continued to grow along with the mess on the front of her seat, the pool forming under her ass, and the puddle on the floor. She tried to keep count of the number of times some stranger filled her with his cum. As near as she could tell it was eleven times in her cunt and six times in her mouth.
Finally the last dick was emptied for the last time and she was left alone in the theater. Cindy sat up slowly. Cum poured out of her cunt, down her ass, and onto the seat and floor. Globs of cum on her chest and tits ran down her stomach. Her skirt had been bunched up around her waist all during the assault and was now thoroughly soaked with cum. Her shirt had been pulled aside so it wasn't quite as bad. She stood slowly on shaky legs. Cum continued to run out of her and down her legs. One shoe was gone, probably under another seat somewhere. The other shoe had cum all in and on it where it had run down her leg. The shoe was ruined so she just kicked it off and left it there.
She pulled her sticky, soggy skirt down into place and tried to button her shirt. As soon as she pulled in around her it started soaking up the cum on her chest and stomach. The men who had opened her shirt hadn't been too delicate and there were only two buttons left in place.
Cindy walked barefoot across the sticky, cum-splattered floor and made her way out of the theater to the ladies room. She rinsed the cum off of her mouth but didn't even try to do anything about the globs all over her cheeks, neck, and chest. Her hair was matted with cum as well. As she walked barefoot through the store heading for the parking lot cum continued to run from her cunt onto her legs and the floor. The men that were left in the store just watched her as she walked by. Cindy didn't even look at them.
When she got to her car she just sat there trying to calm down. She hated herself for what she had just done. It was completely disgusting and humiliating. She had let all of those strange men do to her whatever they wanted. She felt like such a slut, beyond dirty. She also had another problem. She was a filthy, sticky mess, she had no money, and no place to go for the night. Her gas tank was almost empty so she couldn't drive home. She didn't want to try to sleep in her car somewhere. Then she thought of the one place that she could probably go. She started her car and headed back to the motel where she had been the night before. Now she was prostituting herself, selling her body for a room to sleep in. She wondered how much lower she could go.
The motel had three or four cars in the parking lot when she got there. She walked into the motel office and the manager was just where he had been the day before looking just like he had the day before. He took one look, and sniff, of Cindy and the forlorn look on her face and just nodded. He got a key and tossed it on the counter. He told her to get cleaned up and he would be over later to collect. In an unusual act of kindness he handed her a nearly-full bottle of cheap wine. Cindy nodded, grabbed the key and bottle, and left. She noticed that it was the same room as the night before.
This time she didn't even try to close the curtains. She left the door open, opened the window in the bathroom, and stripped off her sticky, crusty clothes. She threw them in the shower and then stepped in with them. She took a long time getting cleaned up and rinsing out her skirt and shirt. She dried off and hung her clothes over the door to dry, then went and lay down on the bed. She started drinking the wine straight from the bottle since there were no cups or glasses in the room.
Cindy was about a third of the way through the bottle when the manager showed up. She didn't say anything she just spread her legs and laid back. The manager dropped his pants, applied the Vaseline, and climbed on. Cindy was pretty sore from her earlier gang session. The manager was grunting loudly from his effort and he made Cindy grunt with each thrust as he laid his heavy belly on her. She saw several people look in the window and door as they walked by.
The manager finished shooting cum into Cindy and got up. He left her laying in a small puddle of cum under her ass. Cindy was starting to get used to the feeling. She went back to work on the wine. She finished the bottle and she drifted off to sleep.
Once again she awoke to daylight coming through the window and open door and the sound of car engines. She was sore and felt terrible. She also noticed that the amount of dried cum on her cunt and the sheet had increased quite a bit during the night. She thought she remembered some guys coming in her room and having sex with her but it was kind of blurry. At first she had thought that she had dreamed it but from the evidence it had actually happened.
A few minutes later the manager came by to finish collecting on the bill. As usual it was quick and emotionless. The guilty, nasty thrill of sex with other men, at least ones she knew just a little bit, was starting to become kind of routine. As the manager was getting dressed Cindy looked out the window wondering what she was going to do and how she was going to get home.
The motel manager finally took pity on the plain-looking woman lying naked on the bed and looking so lost. He knew she didn't have any money and was kind of lost in the woods. He told her about a place down the road where she could work for a day and make enough money to fill her gas tank and maybe a little more. She just nodded numbly.
Cindy got dressed. Her panties had been left behind at the tattoo shop, her bra at the motel manager's office, and her shoes at the theater. Now all she had left to wear was a tattered, stained skirt and a ragged, torn shirt with only two buttons. She was a pretty sad sight. As she was walking barefoot to her car the manager came out and handed her a pop-tart and a soda. That's when Cindy realized how long it had been since she had eaten. She thanked him and wolfed down the pop-tart.
The motel sat at the intersection of the Interstate and a two lane road. She turned onto the two land road and followed it away from the Interstate for several miles. She came to the place the manager told her about. It was a strip club located among a number of widely scattered businesses, mostly garages, plumbing shops, wrecking yards, and that sort of thing. The club looked dumpy with a small gravel parking lot and bits of trash and beer cans here and there. It was early so there were no customers, yet. Two cars parked in the back suggested that someone was there.
Cindy parked to one side of the building and walked in the open front door. An overweight blond woman in a short dress sat at the bar and a weaselly-looking man worked behind it putting away bottles of liquor. The man behind the bar identified himself as the manager. Cindy explained her situation and that the motel manager had said that she might get work for a day. The club manager looked Cindy up and down and then told her to follow him to his office.
The club manager told Cindy that he might be willing to let her work as a dancer. He wouldn't pay her but she could keep any tips she made. Cindy had never been much of any kind of dancer and certainly never an exotic dancer. She nodded. Even as much as $20 might be enough to get her home.
The manager ordered her to strip so he could see what she looked like naked. Cindy numbly complied. It didn't take long to take off her skirt and shirt. She stood there while the manager studied her body. He ordered her to turn around slowly. She turned in place ending up again facing him. It was humiliating to be standing naked in front of this stranger like this while he studied and judged her body. The humiliation suited Cindy just fine. Finally he said okay and sent her to the dressing room to find some dancing clothes to borrow. She picked up her clothes and carried them with her as she walked naked through the club to the dressing room at the other end.
The club wasn't the kind of place where the high-rollers came to drink and didn't make the kind of money to attract hot, young dancers. The few dancers who worked there were either homely, old, overweight, or some combination of all three. In fact, Cindy would be the best of the lot for the night she worked there. The weaselly manager wasn't going to let this opportunity pass. He made a few phone calls to let key customers know that a hot new dancer would be on the stage for one night only.
While the manager was on the phone Cindy stood naked in the dressing room looking for an outfit to wear. There was quite a variety. The blond came in and started helping her pick an outfit. She wasn't particularly friendly and didn't smile at Cindy, but she did give some ideas. Cindy finally found a g-string, tiny skirt, and vest that sort of fit. The outfit was trashy and that's how she looked in the mirror. She was a pitiful sight but it fit her mood.
Back at the bar the manager said that Cindy could run a tab against her earnings. She ordered a sandwich and a beer. She didn't really like beer but other than hard liquor that was all there was. In the next hour two more dancers showed up and the after-work crowd started to drift in.
Cindy sat at the bar watching the other dancers and trying to figure out what she was supposed to do. She also kept drinking although she switched from beer to mixed drinks. The booze didn't make her any happier but it did help her to care less.
The club was about half full when it came Cindy's turn to dance her first dance. She gave her real name to the DJ and still had her wedding ring on as she walked out on the stage and started trying to copy what she had seen the other dancers doing. She was stiff and jerky as she tried to move around the stage. The men were hooting and calling to her. During her second dance of the set she took off the vest revealing her bare breasts and continued trying to look like a dancer. She didn't smile and couldn't help looking a little desperate and resigned to her fate. Her unhappy, trapped look along with the wedding ring had the customers eating it up.
Finally the third dance started and Cindy removed the miniskirt. In the distant past the g-string was one-size-fits-all. Now it had spent too much time on big butts and being stretched by excited hands. The elastic was about gone and the g-string barely hung on her. If the string in the back hadn't been firmly wedged between her cheeks the thing would probably have fallen off. Cindy moved awkwardly around the floor while trying to keep the g-string in place.
Men were waving dollar bills at her. She moved toward them and danced a bit in front of them the way the other dancers had done it. Then she kneeled down in front of them and pulled the g-string out so the men could put the dollar into it. Each guy got a good look at her cunt as they managed to put their hand on her while putting the dollar in her g-string. Finally the song ended and she picked up her clothes and went into the dressing room.
Cindy put her outfit back on, put the money in her purse, and went back out to the bar. She sat down and had another drink. Her next dance set went about the same as the first. When she got back to the bar this time the bartender told her that she had been requested for a table dance. The bar tender told her that the bar got ten dollars for the dance and Cindy could keep anything else she could get.
Cindy watched another dancer doing a table dance for a few minutes then got up and went to the customer's table. She took off her vest and skirt and started moving around in front of the guy. He and his buddies were talking trash to her as she moved. He kept putting his hands on Cindy as she moved around and managed to keep her g-string pulled down most of the time showing her pussy to his friends and the men at nearby tables. He was having a good time groping some other guy's nearly-nude wife while she gyrated in front of him.
The song finally ended and the guy gave Cindy ten dollars in addition to the bar's cut. She picked up her clothes and went back to the dressing room to put the money in her purse and got dressed. The other dancers weren't friendly to Cindy but they didn't mind her being there. They knew the club was crowded because of her and there was plenty to go around. They were happy to be working a Saturday-sized crowd on a Wednesday. It was unexpected money.
The pattern continued the rest of the night. She would dance on the stage and do table dances between sets. She also drank regularly between sets. The dull, drunken feeling while being nearly naked in a room full of drunken men groping and fondling her had a trashy, slutty feel that suited her mood. As the night progressed she felt duller and fuzzier, less in control of herself. She just went where she was told and did what she was told. It all started to run together.
Cindy woke up the next morning when the sun started shining in her face. She felt terrible. Her stomach hurt, her tits hurt, and her pussy hurt. She looked around and saw that she was lying naked on the floor of what looked like the living room of a house.
Once again she was covered in globs of sticky, crusty dried and drying cum. It was in her hair and all over her stomach, legs, tits, neck, and face. A huge puddle of cum had formed under her ass. Her pussy and ass were well coated. She sat up slowly and felt the familiar sensation of cum flooding out of her cunt. She got to her feet as the cum continued to flow down her legs. She couldn't remember how many times she had been used during the night or how many men had filled her with cum over and over.
The room was empty. She walked around and down a hallway where she found a bathroom. She took a shower and felt a little better after getting cleaned up and washing her hair. She dried off and started exploring the house again still naked. She could hear snores from bedrooms down the hall. She turned and headed for the kitchen. She grabbed a couple of pieces of bread and drank some Gatorade.
Cindy spotted her purse on the counter. It had her car keys and almost two hundred dollars in it. At least she hadn't been robbed. She grabbed her purse and went back to the living room. Looking out the front window she spotted her car at the curb. She had no idea where she was or how she got there. She didn't even remember leaving the club. She thought she had some vague recollection of walking through a parking lot of some place though she wasn't sure where. Someone or ones rather, must have brought her and her car here after the club closed.
She finally spotted her clothes in a heap against one wall of the living room. Her skirt and shirt were wrinkled and stained but at least they weren't soaked in cum. However, both articles had suffered greatly the last few days. Her shirt was ragged with only one button left around the middle of her stomach. The zipper on the side of her skirt was broken and the material below the zipper was torn. When she buttoned the skirt around her, her bare hip and upper thigh showed through the rather large, gaping hole. It was very obvious that she wasn't wearing panties. With only one button on her shirt most of her chest and quite a bit of her modest breasts were also showing. She thought she must look like some kind of war refugee.
Cindy walked barefoot to her car and got in. She wasn't sure where she was so she didn't know which way to go. She drove a few blocks looking for ever-bigger streets. Eventually she made it to a two-lane road with a gas station. She got out and filled up her car with gas while the guy at the next pump stared at her. She knew he could see her tits when she leaned over. She walked inside to pay for the gas, get some food and drink, and directions to the Interstate. The guy behind the counter watched her closely and smiled quite a bit. When Cindy was leaving he told her to hurry back. Cindy wondered if he had been at the club the night before.
On the drive back home, Cindy decided that she had finally hit bottom. She had finally been disgusted, depraved, debased, and humiliated enough. It was time to get respectable again. She wondered what, if anything, to tell her husband. All through her adventures she had worn her wedding ring and used her real name. However, it was unlikely that her husband would ever go to any of those places or interact with any of those people. He would probably never know how thoroughly used his wife had been by so many strange and nameless men.
It was late afternoon when Cindy finally pulled into her driveway. Her neighbors would likely see her walking across her lawn to the front door. She was concerned for a moment. Then she decided that she didn't really care. They were more her husband's friends than they were hers. And if they did see it would be more humiliating to him than it would be to her; especially after what she had experienced.
Cindy went inside her home, filled the bathtub, and soaked for an hour. Then she got out and spent the rest of the evening relaxing around the house. She didn't bother to dress and just walked around nude. She was starting to get used to it. She also didn't bother to close her blinds. So what, she thought, there aren't any kids in this neighborhood. Better to get the neighbors talking.
The next couple of days gave Cindy time to think about what had happened and her future. Maybe her husband loved her and maybe he didn't. Cindy now knew that she could survive without him. She thought about the money she had made in one night of dancing. If she could keep doing that then she could make enough money so that it wouldn't matter what he did.
She knew she could never work at the fancy places with her plain looks and average body. However, there were lots of places like that club where she had danced. She thought there were a number of them out near the airport. With her husband out of town so much she could work part time and build up a nice bank account. She would do what she had done at that club letting men pay money to look at her near-naked body and grope her when they wanted. And if they occasionally did more, well that was more money, too.
And just like at that club she would wear her wedding ring and use her real name. She got a perverse satisfaction at the thought that so many men would know what her husband's wife was doing and would think that he must be some kind of loser. That would be humiliating to him. She would also gain a tawdry reputation. That would annoy her husband even more as well as make her feel degraded and dirty. That was a strangely appealing thought.
By the time her husband returned a few days later, Cindy had made her plans. She treated him just as she always had and he treated her just as he always had. On his next trip out of town Cindy went job hunting