What could please a young scientist more than daydreaming about winning the Nobel Prize? In David's case, it could be much more than a daydream. Chapter Four gives us good news about Victoria, and it shows David treating Mary with more respect and consideration. And it shows their sexual relationship taking a particularly wonderful turn. As you read this chapter, keep asking what you'd do if you were David.
...............................................................
I spent most of the next week compiling my data and thinking about how I'd write up results of my research. It pained me to publicly admit that I'd been careless enough to expose a student assistant to an experimental therapy, but I couldn't think of another way to explain how the sonic stimulator worked. Maybe I could publish my work in two parts. My first publication could detail the effect on dogs. That, by itself, was significant enough to justify publication in a major journal. Any competent neuroscientist would realize that the natural next step would be to measure the effect on humans. Then, after letting this news spread across the scientific community, I could publish a second paper that revealed the magnitude of what I'd discovered.
I enjoyed imagining that this second paper would be cited when I won the Nobel Prize.
Can you tell how happy I was feeling? Work was going great. I was deep into a passionate love affair with a spectacular woman. My dogs loved me.
As a bonus, Victoria was doing very well. My decision to pay her expenses for the last semester of her MBA program had transformed her life. It was gratifying to see how much I'd managed to help her at a critical time in her life. It had taken so little to help her. I realized that there must be a lot of people like Victoria, trying to overcome the difficulty of being a woman living in a man's world. Her parents would not have treated a son the way they treated her.
It was obvious that she was eating better and getting enough sleep. She finally had time to devote to her studies and show her professors just how capable she was. Moving out of her family home had been good for her and her relationship with her parents. She told me that she was even socializing with the girls in her dorm, going out to clubs, dancing, and doing all kinds of fun things that normal students do.
She had so much spare time that she was spending part of it in the lab taking care of my dogs. I was a little uncomfortable with the idea that a paid student assistant was working unpaid overtime, but the dogs liked it, and I enjoyed her company. She was a nice young woman, and I was glad to have her around.
Much of my spare time focused on Mary. I'd finally recognized that I'd done too much to punish her for the way she'd treated me. Instead of looking for ways to degrade and exploit her, I started looking for ways to make her happy. I surprised her by taking her to a trendy luxury resort on the west coast of Mexico. She was so happy when I gave her the news that she reminded me of a kid on Christmas morning.
We only went for a four-day weekend, but Mary packed so much luggage I had to pay a surcharge to the airline. Clothes. Shoes. Swimsuits. Lingerie. Cosmetics. More lingerie. It went on, and on, and on, and despite it all, I could tell she was afraid she'd forgotten something important. When I told her I would buy her anything she forgot to pack, she got such a loving expression on her face that it melted my heart.
We liked a lot of things about the resort. It had a wonderful nightclub, and I discovered that Mary was a great dancer. She never ran out of energy, dancing until we could walk on the beach as the sun came up. There were great restaurants. Nice boutiques. Many, many opportunities for her to doll herself up and display her beauty to an appreciative audience.
But her favorite part, by far, was the resort's nude beach. Being able to parade around naked in front of a crowd thrilled her. She'd never been to a nude beach before, and she liked it so much I decided that I'd take her to more of them in the future.
I enjoyed taking pictures of her, especially on the beach. Mary loved posing for photographs. She liked imagining she was a famous model or actress, and she'd spent so much time studying pictures in celebrity magazines that she knew exactly how to pose in ways that displayed her face and body to maximum advantage.
It was just as nice as you can imagine. I hadn't had a vacation for a long time because I was reluctant to leave my dogs untended, but Victoria offered to come around often enough to make sure they got enough food, water, exercise, and loving attention. This was the time she realized I was involved with a woman, and it seemed to make her happy for me.
Something interesting happened when we got back.
I downloaded the vacation photos onto my laptop, and I was particularly impressed with the quality of the pictures from the nude beach. The photos looked nice on my cell phone, but they looked amazing on the screen of my laptop. Most of the time Mary used elegant clothing and makeup to look good, but she looked even better naked. She looked so good I wondered if my reaction was colored by the fact that I had feelings for Mary - feelings that were growing stronger. I finally concluded I wasn't looking at her through rose colored glasses. She really was that hot.
I refuse to be ashamed of the fact that I sometimes sample the porn available on the internet. I'm a healthy young male. It's what we do. You probably won't be surprised to discover that I'm not a big fan of all the out-there kinky content. When it comes to porn, I prefer stuff that celebrates the beauty of the female body, especially in a romantic context.
For that reason, I patronize websites that feature amateur nude photography of ordinary women. I love looking at pictures of cute girls who pose nude to indulge the whims of their husbands, boyfriends, or girlfriends. Most of these pictures are of low quality because they are taken by ordinary guys using amateur equipment. But the very best photos are obviously the work of professional photographers working with women who are either models or cute enough to be models.
I enjoy voting for the women I like best, and I enjoy seeing how often I end up voting for women who win the monthly contests that award nice cash prizes. It's intended to motivate women to send in more pictures. In some cases, these pictures are good enough to be considered erotic art. In other cases, there are pictures of rough looking women shoving cucumbers up their asses.
I prefer the first kind.
You can see where this is going. I immediately realized that Mary was beautiful enough to win top prizes in these contests. If I just sent in copies of her at the nude beach, she'd be sure to get compliments and votes from men (and women) from all over the world. It might be enough to win. But then I had a better idea.
I wasn't quite sure how to broach the subject. Obviously, I could use the sonic stimulator to force Mary to go along with my idea. But I didn't want to do that. Since Mary loved putting herself on display, I figured it was something she would want to do if I presented the idea properly. But the choice would be hers alone.
"Mary, come and look at these pictures," I said, showing her the nude photos from Mexico. As I expected, she liked the pictures. A lot. It made her feel like a centerfold.
"You know what I'd like to do?" I asked. "I'd like to put some serious effort into creating some beautiful photographs of you posing nude. Use a real camera, not a cellphone. Get some good, professional lighting. Have you pose like a real model. Maybe we could create something artistic enough to have a big enlargement framed so we could hang it in the bedroom."
"That sounds great," she said.
At first, I thought I'd be the one to buy the equipment and take the pictures. When I was a kid I used to imagine how great it would be to take nude pictures for men's magazines, and I was looking forward to acting out that childhood fantasy. Mary didn't think much of my idea. She had a lot more artistic ability, and she knew it. She was more qualified to be in charge of this particular project, so I let her take the lead.
She bought the camera and a special filter; I have no idea why she needed the filter. She insisted it would make the pictures better. She bought two professional lights; she got one of those circular ring lights and a separate light on a tripod. Mary went all through my apartment looking for a place to pose, and she didn't find one. I suggested that she just pose on my bed, but she wrinkled up her nose at that suggestion. She finally decided that the best place was at her apartment.
I came home early from work one afternoon and drove over there. Mary had removed all the paintings from the wall behind her sofa, creating a place to sit with a nice uncluttered background. She shoved her end tables and coffee table out of the frame. She set up the lights, then closed the shades on a window off to the side.
"Why are you doing that?" I asked. "Isn't more light better?"
"No," she said. "That window is letting in harsh direct sunlight, and it's coming from the wrong angle."
Whatever. The next step was for Mary to take off her clothes and pose on her sofa. I thought this would take no time at all. Man, was I wrong. It took hours. She had to fix her hair and makeup, then try on some elegant lingerie. I'd thought we were just taking nude pictures, but Mary argued that it would be better to start with lingerie shots, then take more pictures as she slowly stripped down to her skin.
When I saw her come back into the room, I realized that her way was best. She looked like a lingerie model. Her makeup was a little heavier than usual. She said the makeup would make the photos look more professional. My only responsibility was to press the shutter when ordered.
Mary stood in front of the couch, turned to the side, looked directly into the lens, and smiled.
"Now," she said.
This went on as Mary slowly worked the lingerie off her shoulders and down her body. We took a couple of pictures of her topless, with the lingerie covering her from the waist down.
"Now." I pressed the shutter.
It wasn't long before we were taking picture after picture of Mary wearing nothing but a classy pair of black stilettos. I found it to be very stimulating. She posed with differing facial expressions, sometimes looking happy, sometimes looking sultry, sometimes looking aroused. After we'd taken dozens of pictures, Mary got out a book she'd found at the library. It was a manual on figure drawing, and it featured picture after picture of models posing. She'd bookmarked postures she wanted to duplicate. I just kept pressing the shutter everytime she said "Now."
The whole process was more time-consuming and detailed than I expected. But Mary had figured out a much better approach than I could have come up with on my own. It's times like this that remind me that I wish I had more artistic aptitude.
Finally, she announced that we were finished. "Is there anything else you'd like?" she said.
"I'm glad you asked," I said. I crossed the room and knelt in front of her as she sat on the couch. I put my hands on the inside of each knee and gently spread her legs wide, exposing her pussy to the camera.
She smiled slyly. "So. You want some pictures of your slutty little whore, right?"
"Maybe."
"I thought you wanted something erotic, but you actually want something pornographic."
"Both! I want both! Why can't I have both?"
"You can have whatever you want, Sir."
She proceeded to pose in the raunchiest ways imaginable. Beaver shots. Squeezing her boobs together. She even did a series of shots from behind, with the camera revealing her little brown butthole in sharp focus. It was breathtaking. We'd started with shots that made her look like aPlayboyPlaymate. We concluded with images that were too explicit forHustler. Mary did her very best. By the time she was done, we'd taken 187 pictures, which was a lot more than I expected to take. I looked at some of them on the camera and they all looked great to me. I wanted to get prints of all of them. Mary had a different opinion.
"I've got to select the best ones. Then I've got to crop and process each image. We don't want the same scale of background in each frame; we'll need to zoom in and zoom out to get a little variety," Mary said.
"Whatever you say."
A couple of days later Mary said she was finished. "I made up the two dozen shots I like best. Tell me which ones you prefer. I'd like to get prints of 10 or 12 of them."
They were perfect. All of them. I don't know where Mary learned to edit photos, but she'd worked magic. She'd done something that made her skin even creamier and more luminous than it was in real life. In a few pictures she'd done something that threw the backgrounds slightly out of focus, forcing the viewers' attention to her in the foreground. They were nothing less than exquisite.
"I want prints of all of these," I said.
"All of them? Really? Two dozen custom prints will cost a lot of money, Sir."
"I do not care about the cost. I can not express the enormity of the damn I do not give. I want prints of every single one of these pictures. And I want to get one blown up to poster size so we can get it framed and hang it in the bedroom."
Mary shook her head and laughed, but I could tell she was thrilled that I liked her pictures so much. "Fine. I'll have a bunch of 8 by 10 prints made."
"I think 8 by 10 is a little small. What's the next size larger?"
"Uh . . . you can get 11 by 14 inches, but that's pretty big. We'd need to get a very large album to hold two dozen prints that size."
"Perfect! Just perfect! That's what I want to do!" I said.
She came up to me and planted a sweet little kiss on my cheek. "If I was allowed to call you Master, I'd say that you are the very best Master that any slutty little slave ever had."
The final item of business involved selecting the photo we'd enlarge to the size of a poster. I suggested an R-rated image of Mary wearing lingerie. It was very sexy, but didn't feature any real nudity. I thought Mary would want us to display something that wasn't too explicit in case some visitor accidentally got a look at it.
She looked puzzled. "I'm proud of the way I look. I want people to see me. I want people to think you're a lucky man to have such a sexy little bitch taking care of your every need." Mary selected a full-frontal view of her from the knees up, with an expression sultry enough to wake a man in a coma.
It didn't take long at all for the prints to be finished. We framed the big one and hung it on the wall; we put the rest in an album I just loved. The custom enlargements showed Mary in much more detail than the computer screen. The richness of the colors were awesome. The images of Mary seemed able to claw their way off the print and onto my lap. We spent a long time flipping through the album together. I could not bear to put it down.
"This looks as good as something you'd expect from a professional fashion photographer working with a supermodel. I'm very proud of you, Mary."
"I'm proud of myself too," she said.
I was beginning to look at Mary's self image as being something other than vanity. It was more like pride. She'd put a tremendous amount of work into diet, exercise, make-up and all kinds of other things intended to improve her appearance, and those pictures showed that she'd achieved something impressive. If beauty was an Olympic event, she'd win the gold. I let her bask in the pleasure of looking at her pictures for about a week before I did what I'd intended to do all along.
"Mary, come here and look at something with me." I handed her my laptop, which was opened to the front page of my favorite website devoted to amateur nude photography. "This site has pictures of thousands of amateur women posing nude. A few of the women submit very high quality images, but most submit average-looking photos of average-looking women. The photo quality is pretty uneven because most of these pictures are taken by husbands and boyfriends who don't know much about photography."
Mary was very curious, and she paged through the website, looking at one woman after another. I was sure that she realized she was cuter than anyone on the site, and her pictures were very high quality.
"People who visit the site vote for the best pictures, and they give prizes to the women who get the most votes," I said.
"Prizes?"
"Yeah. Cash. A couple thousand for each woman who cracks the top ten. But it's also an objective recognition of a woman's beauty. If you entered this contest, people all over the world would vote for you. I'm sure you could win."
I could tell Mary was intrigued. "Women who don't want to be identified do something like pixelating their faces," I said. "Women who just want to pose topless only submit pictures of them in their panties. If you're uncomfortable, you could do that."
"Why would I be uncomfortable? If I want to pose nude, I want to pose nude. The whole point is to be proud enough to show yourself to the world."
At some point Mary began looking at the pictures of women who'd won first place. As you would expect, these women were all young and very beautiful, and they submitted high quality photographs. Some of their photographers were obviously professional.
Mary noticed that if a woman wanted to win, she needed to show her face. Each entry consisted of 10 photos, and the most competitive women submitted pictures that showed every part of their body, from their perky tits and firm abs to their tight little butts. Often, the entries included at least one very explicit shot of a woman's pussy, anus, or (preferably) both.
At this point I should explain that I didn't care if Mary entered the contest. It would be nice to show her off to the world, but posing naked for a pornographic website isn't for everyone. I made the suggestion because I knew Mary loved putting herself on display. I only wanted her to do this if it would give her pleasure. For the first time, I had no intention of forcing her to do something against her values.
"I want to do this," Mary said.
She made the final selection of the 10 pictures she submitted to the contest. Her photos were posted on the website a few days later, and the reception was immediate and enthusiastic. Readers were able to post comments, and they were generous in their praise. "Wow. What a woman!" one reader wrote. "Where has this girl been hiding?" Another wrote, "Mary, be sure to post more in the future!" One guy wrote, "If she was my girlfriend, I would spend all my time kissing her feet and asking what I could do to keep her happy!"
Naturally, there were a lot of comments that were a lot more graphic. "Honey, I'd like to fuck every hole you've got," wrote one guy. "When I saw you today, I came all over your pictures," wrote another guy. It went downhill from there.
But the votes were so positive that Mary shot to the top of the ratings in less than 24 hours. The website ranks entries, so that meant that her pictures were displayed on the top of the page showing the hottest women in order. Mary was thrilled. She made me check her place in the rankings several times a day.
She never fell from the top of the chart. At one point an extremely cute model posted a set of very hot pictures that were obviously the work of an extremely talented photographer. It scared Mary, who felt certain she was going to be knocked off her throne.
"She's blonde. Everybody prefers blondes," Mary said.
"I prefer redheads - like you," I said. "Everybody knows redheads are hot."
"I doubt it," she said glumly.
The blond girl did very well in the rankings. She shot up to second place fast, and she cut into Mary's lead so quickly that she grew despondent. Mary wanted to win.
And that's what she did. She was lodged securely in the top spot at the end of the month, when voting ended. That meant Mary's pictures were posted to the page of top monthly winners, and the number of people who viewed her photos rapidly climbed over a million. She got a nice email of congratulations, a check, and an enthusiastic invitation to post more in the future.
"Let's look at the nude beach pictures," she said. "Maybe we can put together another entry showing me on the nude beach!"
We didn't do that. My pictures of Mary were very nice, but we both knew they weren't good enough to rank her near the top, and that's what she wanted. She examined the top entries from other women, looking for ideas for more pictures we could take. "A lot of girls pose naked in the woods," Mary said. "When the lighting conditions are right, those photos look very nice. We could do that, Sir."
"Whatever you want, Slut," I said. At that, Mary flashed me a 1000 watt smile.
Creating those beautiful photos and winning that contest put Mary in the best mood I'd ever seen. It went on, and on, and I felt proud of myself for coming up with an idea that gave her so much pleasure.
By now you must see that things had changed a lot since I used my sonic stimulator to get revenge on Mary for the shabby way she'd treated me. I felt I needed to find more ways to make amends. What else would she like?
I came up with a lot of ideas, but the one that really clicked started with me asking if Mary would dance naked for me. My thought was that we would both enjoy it if we put on some nice music so I could watch Mary slowly strip off her clothes and dance in ways that showed every curve and cleft in her body. Mary thought that acting like a stripper was a great idea, and the first time we tried it ended with us having especially spectacular sex.
"Good job, Whore," I said.
"Thank you, Sir," she replied. "I liked that. A lot."
She did this a few more times, then made an interesting suggestion.
"If you want, I could do pole dancing for you," she said. The idea was that we install a stripper pole so she could shimmy up, down and around as she removed each item of clothing. What she said next surprised me.
"I took a class in pole dancing once," she said. "That was a long time ago, but I'm sure I could get back my moves pretty quickly."
It was news to me that there are classes in pole dancing. I assumed the only students were strippers looking for ways to get better tips. Mary informed me that pole dancing is considered a legitimate art form in certain circles. She showed me a video of women in spandex competing in contests and doing amazing moves on poles.
"It's terrific exercise," she said. "It works all the major muscle groups."
I liked the idea. We moved a big chair from one corner of my bedroom, and installed a pole in its place. It took time for Mary to get her groove back, but it wasn't long before she was doing spins, slides, and upside-down splits. We both found it to be very stimulating and had great sex afterward.
But Mary had a problem. She'd been taught to do the style of pole dancing done by women looking for a graceful way to exercise. What she needed was instruction on erotic pole dancing - the kind done by first-class exotic dancers.
"Are there any nightclubs around here that have pole dancing?" she asked. "I wouldn't mind going to one and seeing what the girls there do." I'd been to strip clubs in the past, but not since taking my current job, so I had no idea what to expect from the local gentlemen's lounges. We looked at the websites, and a couple of clubs seemed nice.
We went to the closest one Friday. The cover charge seemed pretty steep, but I figured that meant the place attracted the class of customers willing to pay for a quality experience. It was also high enough to discourage the drunken bums found in low-class clubs. They seated us at a table near the back, figuring that Mary wouldn't want one of the seats near the stages, where the dancers could wave their butts in customers' faces. As usual when we go out, I ordered a bourbon on the rocks for me and a vodka with diet ginger ale for Mary.
"These drinks are pretty expensive," Mary said.
"Everything is expensive at a place like this," I said. "The dancers here are hard-working women with bills to pay. They aren't doing this for free. If you go to a gentleman's lounge, be sure to bring lots of cash." I pointed to a dancer who was bending down to allow a customer to stuff some dollar bills in her panties.
"Look at this," I said, reaching into my jacket pocket and withdrawing $200 worth of $5 bills. "I'm going to give at least one of these bills to any dancer who comes by our table. I'm going to give a nice tip to our server, and I'm going to order a couple of rounds of these overpriced cocktails. I'm not going to get a lapdance, so I won't pay for one of those, but there's no point coming to a gentlemen's lounge unless you are prepared to pay for the experience."
Mary barely heard me. Her attention was riveted on the moves of a very cute dancer who obviously knew how to work a pole. Up and down. Around and around. Right side up and upside down. She knew what she was doing, and Mary was intrigued.
"I could do that," she said.
"Of course you could," I said. "You're more athletic than any of these women. You are a natural dancer. And you are hotter than the hottest women dancing here tonight. If you tried this, you'd be the best dancer here."
It was pretty obvious what was happening. Mary had suggested this little trip because she wanted to learn sexy moves she could perform for me. But her natural inclination toward exhibitionism was making her wonder what it would be like to dance naked in front of a crowd of enthusiastic men.
I decided not to say anything. I would neither encourage nor discourage her. I'd done too much to change Mary, transforming her into the kind of person who did things that completely violated her former values. It was time to let her make decisions for herself.
"Would you mind if I tried that?" she asked.
"I support anything you want to do," I said.
"Would you think less of me if I got naked in front of an audience like this?"
"Mary, there are lots of people who look down on exotic dancers. I am not that kind of person. These women are dancing for good reasons. Some of them have kids, car payments, and mortgages. If a woman's best qualifications involve her beauty and dance moves, I think it's hypocritical to hold that against her. And I imagine that many of them simply enjoy dancing nude. Those are all good reasons."
Mary sat quietly for several minutes, turning the idea over in her mind. Finally, she waved our server over to our table. "Would it be possible for me to try that?" she asked.
"What? You mean you'd like to dance up there? Tonight?"
"If possible,"
"Well, I doubt it. But I'll send my manager over here."
Mary sat nervously as we waited. "I'm wearing nice underwear. I'm in a sexy dress. I've got great shoes. I could do that right now."
A woman named Fran came over to our table and sat down. We would eventually learn that Fran is a former dancer who moved into management when she turned 40 and thought she was getting too old to keep stripping. "We usually have try-outs in the mornings before the club opens," Fran said. "I'm reluctant to let a newbie go up on my stage when we have a big crowd."
"She's not exactly a newbie," I said. "She's taken classes in pole dancing, and she's a marvelous dancer."
"I suppose," Fran said. "You look pretty enough, but I have no idea what you look like naked," Fran said to Mary.
I got out my cell phone and clicked on the bookmark linked to Mary's contest-winning nude photographs. "She looks like this," I said, handing Fran the phone.
She swiped through several of Mary's pictures. "These are great photos," Fran said. "You are a very beautiful girl."
Fran looked at me, looked at Mary, and shrugged. "What the hell. It's against the rules, but I'm the one who makes the rules, so I can decide to break them, right?. Fine, you can dance. We'll need a name to announce you to the crowd. What name would you like?"
"My name is Mary."
"You can't use your real name. We don't want to let the customers know who you are."
"I don't care if people know who I am. I'm not ashamed of anything."
"Honey, you may not care, but I do. Most of our customers are nice guys who come here to drink beers and look at pretty girls. But every so often we get a guy who becomes obsessed with a dancer. Fake names are part of the job; we don't let girls perform without one. Can you think of a name you'd like to use?"
Mary looked at me. I looked at Mary's hair.
"Red," I said.
"Good choice. Good, good choice," Fran said. "That's the name we'll give to the DJ. Here's the way it will work. You'll pick out three songs from our list of dance music. You'll start off fully clothed, working the pole and making whatever sexy moves you think will entertain the audience. You need to be topless by the beginning of the second song, and I want total nudity by the end. You need to dance completely naked for the entire third song. When you're done, walk around the stage and give the customers a chance to stuff bills into your garter. Oh. You don't have a garter, do you? No problem; I'll loan you a garter. Do I need to explain this more?"
"No, I'm fine," Mary said. "I figured most of that out just by watching your dancers."
"It ain't complicated," Fran said. "Ok, if you are sure you want to try this, I need to introduce you to the disk jockey," Fran said.
Mary followed Fran over to the DJ's booth, and I marveled at what had just happened. When I met Mary, she was a frigid, closed-off woman who hated sex and only did it what she need to get some man to buy her something expensive. Now, she was a sexually adventurous vixen who loved nude beaches, erotic photography, and making love in the most sensuous ways imaginable. And she's got a pretty good imagination.
It's true that she had an exhibitionist streak before I met her, but it was overpoweringly clear that the sonic stimulator had cured her of profound sexual dysfunction. She looked happy as she talked to the DJ about the songs she wanted.
There was a dancer on the stage finishing her routine. The cute young woman collected her tips, blew the crowd a kiss, and walked off.
"Folks, we've got a special treat for you tonight. For the first time ever, we present a particularly beautiful and talented dancer. Her name is Red! Please give Red a big welcome!"
Mary got polite applause that continued as she crossed the stage. The classic rock songJumpby Van Halen blasted from the club's speakers. I thought that was a good choice. It's getting a bit old, but it's wonderful dance music, which Mary proved as she strutted across the stage, planting her stiletto heels on the floor in time with the music. She made eye contact with one customer after another and flashed them all an expression that seemed to say that there was nothing in the world she wanted to do more than get naked for each and every one of them. She licked her lips in a provocative way that was hot enough to melt the ice in the cocktails.
It wasn't perfect. Mary's dress was too constricting for her to use the pole, so that had to wait until she'd stripped it off. There was an awkward moment when she bent over to step out of her panties. The other dancers wore string bikini-style bottoms that could be removed gracefully by untying a little bow.
She kept struggling to figure out a place to put her clothes. The other dancers just threw their stuff on the floor of the stage. Mary thought her clothes were too nice to throw on the floor, and she seemed to be looking for a railing or something she could drape her stuff over. But there was nothing like that, and she eventually realized she'd have to toss her precious clothes down in a corner and hope the floor had been cleaned recently.
Her pole technique was elegant, which was not right for this venue. It needed to be slutty. But none of those things mattered because every person in the room could tell that Mary was the hottest woman to dance on that stage in a long, long time. When she removed her final item of clothing, it felt like every man there sucked in a breath. Mary stood up straight, proudly naked, and flashed a smile that seemed to say "How do you like me now?"
I have never heard a crowd applaud so loudly for an exotic dancer. Never. Mary smiled and looked as graceful as a naked woman can look. She blew kisses to the audience, winked at individual customers, then surveyed the sea of extended hands from guys aching to stuff cash in her garter.
"Let's hear it for Red!" the DJ said, triggering another blast of thunderous applause. There were so many bills being flashed that it took Mary a long time to gather them all. When she was finished, she gathered up her clothes and walked off the stage.
The next dancer looked pissed. I can't blame her. No one should have to follow a performance like Mary's.
She looked nervous when she got back to the table. "Did I do alright?"
She knew the answer. She just wanted to hear me say it. "No, you did not do alright. You did great. That was one of the sexiest things I've ever seen. Did you hear that applause? Did you see how many guys wanted to give you a tip? Wow. Just wow."
Mary looked very proud of herself, which was completely understandable. Fran came over to the table and sat down.
"Was that what you expected?" Fran asked. "Did you like it?"
"I liked it," Mary said softly. She looked down shyly, the way she always does when she is very, very aroused.
"I'm glad to hear it, because I'd love for you to work here," Fran said. "I could tell that you've never done that kind of pole work before, but you'll develop a routine quickly. I want you to know that there's a long line of guys who want you to give them a lap dance."
Mary looked alarmed. "I don't know how to do a lap dance."
"I'll have one of the girls teach you," Fran said. She laughed and said "It's not very complicated. It's actually easier than being on stage. You want to do a good job in the lapdance booth, because you earn your best tips there."
Mary nodded.
"Does this mean we have a deal? Are you going to dance for me?"
Mary looked uncertain. "There's no reason you can't think about it for a day or two," I said.
"No. I don't need to think about it. I want to dance."
"Great! That's great news!" Fran said. "Honey, you and I are going to make a whole lotta money together."
Fran spent a few more minutes at our table. She was bubbly and jovial. Mary could tell that Fran was very happy about the prospect of Mary dancing at her club, and I could tell it made Mary feel proud of herself. I felt proud of her too. She put an enormous effort into transforming herself from a very pretty girl into a fabulously beautiful woman. This gave her tangible evidence that her efforts had succeeded splendidly. She had every reason to feel proud.
Fran made arrangements for Mary to work a few afternoon shifts that weren't too busy. She wanted Mary to get comfortable with the dancing before she started working evenings when the crowds were thicker. It was a little tricky because Mary had to work around her schedule at the hair salon, but Fran was motivated to be flexible. We understood that Mary was about to become this club's hottest attraction.
By the time Fran wandered off, Mary's head was spinning with the realization that her life had just changed. She was about to start a new career that was unlike anything she'd considered doing until that night. Fran threw out some figures to give Mary an idea of how much she'd earn as a dancer, and it seemed clear that she could expect to have a six-figure salary immediately. It was almost as much as my salary from the university. She would earn more, when you added her earnings as a hairstylist.
I felt a bit concerned about the fact that Mary seemed intent on working two jobs simultaneously. She'd been very lazy before she met me. I'd done a lot to change that, but I was a little worried about the notion that she was planning to spend a full shift on her feet as a hairstylist, then do another full shift worth pole dancing. She had enormous stamina, but this seemed like too much.
"I need to go home," Mary said to me.
"Shall we finish our drinks?" I asked.
"No. I need to go home now."
Mary gave me a look that let me know what was happening. She was so turned on that she wanted to hurry home and have her way with me. "Ok, let's go," I said, taking her hand and leading her to my car. After I opened her door, Mary pressed her body against me and delivered a kiss that was exceptionally hot and passionate even by Mary's standards. "I need something from you," she whispered, running her hand down the front of my pants and squeezing my cock. It was soft, but it wouldn't be like that for long.
She didn't say much during the drive home. All I remember was hearing her whisper the words "Please hurry."
So I hurried.
......................................
What young man hasn't fantasized about working as a photographer of beautiful nude women? Isn't David fortunate that Mary is such a good model?
If you like this story, please take time to vote five stars. I've been gratified that so many of you voted that way for my storyEnslaved - Love In The Future. It would please me if you checked it out; it's the best thing I've written in years.Enslavedhas plenty of explicit sex, but a lot of the text is devoted to character and plot development. My feeling is that erotica is hotter when it involves sex between characters we care about.
The next chapter ofKeep This Secrettells how David finds a new friend, and how different she is from Mary.