Standing in front of the window, she looked out into the clear cool night. Patches of clouds float through the starlit sky. She watched as a patch approached the nearly full moon. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The air had the smell of freshly fallen rain. That always relaxed her somewhat. She opened her eyes and brought the glass of wine to her lips.
She took a sip in the light of the re-exposed moon and sighed quietly as a lazy cool breeze floated through the opened window. The breeze gently caressed her silk nightie and teased her freshly bathed skin.
She placed the glass on the sill and held the curtain up. Just as the curtain was securely tied to the side of the window, the moonlight hid behind another patch of cloud. She took a deep breath again and closed her eyes. She listened to the sounds of the night coming through her window.
She nearly cried out as she felt a warm pair of lips at the nape of her neck. She felt strong hands touch each of her arms. Then she felt his lips touch the side of her neck for another soft kiss.
'Hi.' he whispered quietly in her ear.
She didn't respond verbally, instead she leaned back slightly. She felt his warm hands leave her arms and touch her hips.
He felt her lean back towards him. He leaned forward a bit to support her against him. He touched her hips with his hands but decided to hug her instead. He slid his hands over from her hips and clasped his hands in front of her. He then kissed her right shoulder.
'What are you looking at?' he whispered quietly.
She wasn't sure if it was the wine or his voice or the strength of his presence or a combination of all three but it felt good. She found herself closing her eyes and leaning her head back. Her right hand moved from the curtain to touch the side of his face.
He felt her cool, soft hand on the side of his face. He kissed her shoulder again but this time he continued to kiss her. His lips moved from her shoulder up towards her neck. Slowly, his warm breath trailed its way along her smooth cool skin. She seemed to relax under the touch of his hot lips, pressing softly against her. He unclasped his hands and moved his right hand back to her hip. He placed his left palm gently on her stomach.
She felt his warm, almost hot, hand touch her stomach through her nightie. She felt herself shiver with a sense of anticipation. Her hand, still touching his face slid up into his hair as she felt his lips move up to her neck, massaging her skin.
He kissed her slowly and stopped as his lips reached the area where her neck and shoulder meet. He took a deep breath and lifted his lips from her.
He softly whispered, 'You smell really good.'
She shivered again as he whispered. She decided she was definitely feeling something. It was all triggered by his whispering voice. By his lips. By his touch. She felt his right hand travel up from her hip, slowly, almost teasingly. Her body responded to his moving hand by making her move slightly; leaning back, pressing herself against him.
He felt her back press against his front. His hand moved past the side of her breast, barely touching his fingertips against her. He moved up under her right arm. He lowered his lips to the spot between her neck and shoulder, carefully resumed his kissing. His lips opened a little, kissing and massaging the skin on her neck. Slowly he moved up the side of her neck. His right hand, palm slowly sliding against the smooth skin of her arm moved towards her elbow.
She arched her neck towards the left as she felt his hot wet lips move up the side of her neck. She let a soft sigh escape her as she felt his right hand caressing her arm. She didn't even know her skin was so sensitive there. Her body moved. Her legs shifted as she tried to steady herself. Still leaning against him, she wanted to turn around and kiss him.
He felt her shift as his right hand reached her wrist. She was still leaning against him partly and partly against the window frame with her right arm. His hand gently grabbed her wrist as his lips moved away from the side of her neck.
'Don't..' he whispered teasingly into her right ear, 'don't move.'
She shivered and opened her eyes. She felt his right hand on her wrist, gently press her hand up against the window frame to show what he meant. She nodded and felt his lips close over the side of her neck again. She sighed as she felt his lips gently suck on the skin of her neck.
His lips touched her skin again moved along her neck. He stopped just below her ear. He slowly sucked gently against her skin. Lightly, he began moving his left hand along her stomach. He felt the smoothness of her skin through her nightie as his left hand stroked her stomach.
She felt a breeze from the window then and realized that all she felt until this moment was his hands and his lips. Her mind concentrated on his every movement and her body responded to each. Waves of electric pleasure ran from her neck down her spine where his lips touched and his mouth gently sucked. Shivering anticipation rolled in and through her from his stroking left palm. And a gentle promise filled her with the way his right hand held her hand against the window frame.
He continued to tease her neck with his lips, sucking slowly and gently kissing. His right hand released her right wrist and slowly trailed down her right arm. Again, his right palm moved lightly along her skin. His left hand continued to stroke lightly against her stomach. Slowly, he moved his stroking left hand up.
She shivered as his lips sucked on her neck. So close to her ear that his breathing seems to whisper to her. She felt his right hand glide from her wrist and the tingling sensation of his palm touching her skin ever so lightly. She also felt his left hand moving slowly up from her stomach. His left hand hot through her nightie against her cool skin. She arched her neck more to the left, trying to feel more. Her eyes closed even tighter, trying to concentrate on his lips.
He felt her shiver as his lips sucked. Slowly he sucked on her skin. He then released her now hot wet skin and let the cool air swim across her skin. He saw her arch her neck some more and he leaned forward again, this time his tongue tip touched her neck. His tongue tip circled around the wet spot left by his lips.
His right hand moved from her right arm just as his left hand's finger tips reached just between her breasts. Carefully, his hands both moved to touch below her breasts.
She felt his hands under her breasts over her nightie. She wanted more of his tongue against her neck. She shivered with each circle of his tongue tip on her skin. She felt his breath warming her neck and cooling it as he inhaled. She felt her right hand grip the window frame tighter. She pressed herself against him some more, hoping he would take that as a hint. She felt him then, throbbing between her and him. She felt him pulsing against her as his tongue circled teasingly on her neck.
His hands carefully cupped her breasts from below. He felt her press more against him barely noticing their pajamas between their skin. He felt his body respond first in his hardness then in his hips as he found himself pressing himself against her. His right hand gently squeezed her right breast as his tongue began to flick lightly down the side of her neck. His left hand gently moved from under her left breast and down to her left arm.
She felt him press up against her. She felt herself move against him. Slowly to feel his hardness against her. Slowly so she could feel the way it throbbed. Slowly so she would not miss the way his tongue moved against her neck. She felt him flicking his tongue down her neck. Down from the cool wet circle under her ear. She felt his left hand on her left arm. She felt her left hand being raised by her wrist as his left hand gently grabbed it. Slowly his tongue began to move up the side of her neck again. And this time, his tongue circled up, slowly and carefully. She shivered as his tongue and warm breath touched her neck.
His left hand raised her left hand up to the left side of the window frame. Carefully he placed her hand there. His tongue circled up the side of her neck and stopped below her ear again. He lowered his lips onto her neck again and took her skin into his mouth. Slowly he sucked her into his mouth once and let go. He then licked that spot once and gently blew on it. As he felt her shiver, he gently took her right earlobe into his mouth.
She gasped as he sucked on her neck and then shivered as he blew cool air onto her wet and tingling neck. She felt his mouth take her ear in. She felt him press her left hand against the window frame as his hardness pressed against her.
She was about to let go of the window frame as she heard him whisper again.
'Remember, don't move..' He whispered into her ear.
She could almost see his mischievous smile in his voice. She held onto the window frame and pushed her bottom up against him. She felt his body respond to her by pushing himself and his hardness against her.
He felt himself grind up against her as he ran his fingertips lightly down both her arms. His fingers stopped moving under her arm and glided over to her breasts. Carefully, he opened his hands and lightly cupped each of her breasts. He pressed his lips against her neck, just below her ear and opened his mouth. His hands slid up from the bottom of her breasts and lightly glided over her nipples with the palms of his hands through her nightie.
She felt his hands release her breasts as his lips pressed against her neck again. She shivered as his palms rubbed lightly through her nightie and over her nipples. She held on to the window frame with her hands, but wanted to let go. She wanted to grab his head and press his lips harder against her neck. She wanted to grab his hands and move them harder against her breasts.
He continued to run the palms of his hands up and down over her nipples. The warmth radiated from his palm through her nightie warming her skin. His mouth opened a little more as he began to suck on her neck again. This time, he allowed his teeth to touch her neck. Just slightly, enough to bite her gently. He felt her shake slightly and she pressed her self harder against him.
'Yes..' she heard herself whisper.
He let his teeth rake softly against her neck as his palms glided gently over her nipples. He barely felt her nightie as his palms moved slowly up and down. He continued his gentle biting and slow sucking of her neck as his hands slowly cupped her breasts once more. He felt her hardened nipples against his palm. He regretfully let go of her breasts and moved his hands lightly up. His hands moved to her neck.
His hands touched the sides of her neck as his lips released her neck, but not before his teeth slowly raked her skin lightly. His hands gently guided her head slightly forward.
She felt his hands move up her neck. She felt his arms around her and under her arms. She felt his body, hot against her back. She felt his hardness throbbing between them. She felt his lips touch her once more, sending a wave of electric pleasure through her again.
His lips touched the back of her neck. Slowly his lips kissed, slowly he moved up the back of her neck. He moved his hands gently down the sides of her neck to her shoulders. He started down the back of her neck again with his lips as his hands slid down her shoulders and then up under her arms. His lips opened wider as he kissed her. His tongue snaked out to touch her skin.
She felt his tongue tip moving down her neck in little circles. His hot breath warming the way and a cool moist trail following. She shivered at this and shivered again as his hands stopped just short of her elbows and started moving down again. She felt his hands continue down past her underarms and to the sides of her breasts.
His hands stopped just at the sides of her breasts as his tongue moved down past her neck. He moved his tongue slowly, ever so slowly in tiny circles. He let his tongue tip move down past the top of her nightie.
She could feel his tongue on her even through the material of her nightie. She almost gasped in disappointment as she felt him shift away from her.
He moved slowly down her back, his tongue moving still but every now and then he would kiss her back. His hands still gently touching her sides under her arms started to move down, keeping pace with his tongue and mouth. His hands rested on her hips.
As his tongue reached the bottom of her nightie, his hands gently squeezed her hips. He slid his hands up under her nightie to touch her soft skin. His hands gently moved up along her sides again, this time his skin touching her skin.
His lips then touched her skin then as his hands traveled up her sides. Her nightie lifted with the movement of his hands. He felt her push her back up against him slightly as he started to kiss her skin. He kissed up her back stopping just about halfway up as his hands slid forward to gently cup her breasts. He squeezed once and released.
He started to move back down her back again, this time, his tongue snaked out and touched the smooth naked skin of her back. Slowly his tongue moved down, sliding slowly. He let his fingers move lightly over her nipples as he moved his hands down and away from her breasts. He slid his hands lightly down her sides again and stopped where her nightie and panties met.
As she felt his tongue touch the top of her panties, right above her bottom, she shifted her bottom back. She wanted his mouth to ravage her from behind. She didn't want to wait. She felt his hands move from her sides, her hips and slowly down her bottom. She felt his tongue moving down past the top of her panties. His hot breath warmed her skin through her panties as his hands moved towards his mouth. He stopped as his thumbs neared his cheeks. He gently squeezed her cheeks and held her apart slightly. His tongue flicked once and started moving down.
She shivered as his hands squeezed her buttcheeks and again when he moved his tongue down from the top of her panties. She tried to push her bottom back as his tongue flicked slowly down.
He stopped his tongue as soon as he felt them start down the indentation between her cheeks. His hands released her and he kissed her left cheek once. His hands moved over to her hips again.
She felt the cool wetness of his tongue trail along the back of her panties. She heard him shift behind her, his hands gently pressing against her hips for support.
He leaned forward again and kissed the back of her left cheek. His lips kissed slowly down to her leg. Slowly his soft lips touched and sucked her skin down the back of her thighs. His hands gently squeezing her hips every now and again.
She shivered again as his lips touched the back of her thighs. She was annoyed that he was making this effort to touch and tease so many of her sensitive areas. Yet she was so very excited. Almost too excited to let him continue teasing her. She felt her legs weaken slightly but was glad for the window frame support. She leaned slightly forward.
His lips touched the back of her knees. Carefully, he flicked his tongue across from right to left once and then back from left to right. He let his hands slide down from her hips and to the side of her legs. His lips then gently kissed the back of her knees, taking care to carefully suck slightly. He moved down from there, slowly kissing down her left calf.
He let his hands slide over from the sides of her legs to the back of her thighs. He felt the smoothness of her skin and found himself gently stroking up and down the back of her thighs. His lips reached the bottom of her calf and he pulled away.
She felt him stop kissing her leg and opened her eyes. She felt his hands on the back of her thighs stroking. She felt him sliding his hands down from her thighs to the back of her knees.
'Spread your legs..' he whispered from behind and below her.
She shifted her weight onto her arms as she slowly spread her legs. She felt his hands holding her legs, guiding her.
'Perfect.' he whispered to her.
She stopped moving legs apart and his hands slid down her legs to her ankles.
He moved his left hand from her ankle and placed it on the ground. He shifted again and leaned forward. His right hand gently stroked her right ankle.
She felt his head between her legs. She felt his breath inside on her right ankle before his lips touched her. She shivered again as his tongue snaked out and ran lightly around her ankle once.
He moved his tongue slowly up from her ankle. Making sure he slowly stroked her skin with his tongue tip. Slowly up, then back down. Then slowly up some more of her leg and back down again, slightly. He moved his tongue up past the back of her right knee. Always stroking her with his tongue. As he neared the back of her right thigh, he shifted again as he moved his tongue in towards her inner thigh. His tongue stroking slowly up. His breath now seemed hot against her skin.
She shivered as she felt him move from behind her knee towards her inner thigh. She shifted her legs wider a little more so he would have more access. She felt her knees shake as his tongue trailed up along her inner thigh. His tongue moved so slowly, so teasingly across her skin. She felt warmth of her pussy pulse in anticipation. She wanted to push him down and sit on his tongue. She felt his left hand on her left leg now as his tongue continued up her right inner thigh.
As he neared halfway up her inner thigh, he shifted to kneel on one knee. His tongue flicked more than stroked now. Still he moved. Slowly flicking his tongue up her inner thigh. Slowly his tongue flicked down her inner thigh. He stopped as he reached about two thirds up her inner thigh.
She nearly screamed in frustration as he stopped. She looked down and saw him between her legs.
He was about to move when he saw her looking down at him. He wasn't sure if he saw correctly, but it looked like she was angry. He smiled at her and winked as he shifted. His hands ran up her legs and gently cupped her bottom. He shifted some more.
She watched as he moved.. or rather wiggled himself to a half crouch half below her. She watched as he leaned his back against the wall below the window. She felt his hands on her bottom. She moved as she felt him grab her and gently pull her down. She slide her hands down from the sides of the window. She placed her hands on the window sill as his hands stopped her moving down any further. She looked at him and saw that his head was directly in front of her panties. She shivered as she saw his head move forward. She closed her eyes and waited.
He watched her as he leaned forward. As her eyes closed, he moved his head slightly altering his course and placed his opened mouth on her inner right thigh. He took in some of her skin as he sucked her thigh.
She was about to open her eyes when she felt his lips on her thigh. She lost her train of thought as she shivered while he sucked on her inner thigh.
Carefully, he released her thigh and gently flicked his tongue up her inner thigh. Slowly resuming where he had left off before moving, his tongue started flicking again. Closer and closer he moved.
He moved his hands slightly up forcing her to lean forward slightly on her hands again. He slid his left hand from her right cheek. He let his fingers trail down slowly under her.
His tongue flicked up her inner thigh to where her panties started. His flicked slowly a couple of times and he moved his tongue tip in a small circle once. He then placed his lips on her and slowly sucked. He had kept his lips wide so he could flick his tongue tip along her skin as she was sucked into his mouth.
She felt the warmth of her pussy pulse wetly as she felt him sucking on her upper inner thigh. So close. She felt his fingers trail along underneath her. She felt herself pushing down as his finger tips ran over her cunt lips. She felt the hardness of his fingers through her panties and the softness of his lips against her skin. She felt herself move her hips as his tongue stroked her skin trapped in between his lips. She let out a little moan as his fingers traced over her clit once and headed back down beneath her.
His fingers moved slowly, lightly stroking her pussy. He made sure his fingers glided over her clit once in a while as he sucked on her thigh. Slowly he sucked. Teasingly, he flicked his tongue against her trapped skin.
She moaned again as she felt his fingers gently touch the side of her panties and pull them away exposing her warmth. She moved her hips again wanting the feel of his lips or his fingers against her. She felt his lips release her skin. She thrust her hips forward once more.
He saw her moving. Inviting him to touch her. He let his tongue meet her cunt lips. He let his tongue slide against them. He felt her move on his tongue. He moved his right hand over slightly as his left moved her panties over some more. He let his right hand take her panties as he gripped her cheek once more.
His left hand now free, he let his fingers trail back along her. This time he felt her skin. So smooth, so warm and so hot. His flexed his tongue slightly as she moved. His tongue parted her cunt lips slightly. He pulled his tongue back. He let his tongue tip trail along her as he pulled back.
His fingers slid lightly down and to her cunt lips. Carefully he stroked her cunt lips with his fingers as his tongue tip traced up along the side of her. His tongue moved around her slowly circling her clit as his fingers slowly spread her cunt lips. Carefully, he made sure his lips didn't touch her. He let his tongue stroke circles around her clit. He let his fingers move against her cunt lips as she moved her hips.
She felt his hot breath against her clit and pussy. She wanted him to fill her with his tongue or fingers. She moved herself against his tongue, hoping to trap him within her. She felt his fingers, now wet against her. She moved and felt them stroke her. She thrust her hips and felt his tongue circling her clit.
He slid his tongue forward and allowed the bottom of her clit to slide against the flat of his tongue. He heard her moan at this and slid it back up, still against the bottom of her clit.
It felt so good to her the way his tongue slid against the bottom of her clit. She liked the way his tongue felt. It was hard and wet. It was rough and smooth against her. She thrust her hips harder now.
'Yes.' She whispered.
He held his tongue there, thrusting it slowly against her clit bottom. His fingers wet from his mouth and her cunt moved constantly. He heard her whisper something but concentrated on stroking her clit. Carefully he moved his fingers and felt the tips of a couple of them slide in her.
'Oh' she whispered, 'yes.'
He felt her cunt lips grab at his finger tips. His tongue still sliding against the bottom of her clit. He let his fingers slide into her. He let her move against his tongue and fingers for a while.
She moved slowly, but fast enough to send waves and waves of pleasure through her. She felt her body, her pussy grab at his fingers as she thrust her hips down against him. She felt his tongue stroking her clit as she thrust towards him.
He let his head rock with her movements. He let his tongue stroke her. He leaned his mouth forward.
She did moan loudly as she felt his lips suddenly grab her. She felt his mouth pulling her clit in as she thrust forward against his tongue. She felt his tongue still stroking the bottom of her clit.
He heard her scream or moan, he wasn't sure as his mouth pulled her clit in. He let his tongue continue to stroke the bottom of her clit as he sucked her in. He tasted traces of her juices as she sucked. He then moved his fingers against her. Pushing them deeper into her grabbing cunt.
She felt her head go back as she moved her hips against him. She moaned feeling his tongue and mouth on her clit, both seemingly moving in opposite directions against her clit. She felt his fingers thrusting up against her, into her.
She moved harder.
His lips pulled more of her clit into his mouth. He pushed his fingers deeper into her.
She felt his lips pulling at her clit. She felt his tongue stroking along the bottom of her clit. She felt his fingers deep within her pussy, the walls of her cunt sucking on his fingers.
He moved his fingers faster as he felt her cunt grabbing at him. He moved with her hips as his mouth took her clit in again and again. He let his tongue stroke her as she fucked his tongue with her clit.
She felt his right hand squeeze her left butt cheek as she thrust forward on his tongue. She moved faster and harder against his face. Against his fingers.
He let her hips buck against his head. He wanted to feel her cum on his tongue and fingers. He wanted to hold her clit in his mouth as she came. He moved with her and against her all at once.
She moved faster. She felt it coming on. She was close.
His fingers moved against her, he could hear her wet naked skin against his wet thrusting hand. He opened his mouth now and let go of her clit. His tongue still stroked her.
She felt her knees against the wall of the window sill. Her hands grabbing the window sill as she thrust herself against his mouth and fingers. Her head hung down and her eyes closed tight as she concentrated on her clit against his tongue. As she concentrated on his fingers thrusting into her.
She screamed as she felt his mouth open and the cold night air hitting her clit. She felt his tongue there still for her clit. Still being fucked by her clit.
He heard her scream as his mouth opened. He kept his tongue up against her clit as she continued to thrust. He inhaled. The cool night air hitting her hot wet skin. He started to thrust his tongue against her.
She continued to thrust. She felt his tongue moving against her, his fingers thrusting in her. She gasped and shivered at the cold air but continued to thrust.
He took her into his mouth again. He sucked her clit in deep as he pressed his tongue harder against her clit.
She shook now. She felt herself letting go. She thrust still against his tongue. Against his fingers.
He felt her shake as she pushed hard against him. He felt the wetness flow down along his fingers and down along his tongue. He sucked her clit in deeper and held her in his mouth, letting his tongue move.
She continued to shake as she felt herself release into his mouth. She kept moving.
He continued to hold her in his mouth, letting her move until she was done.
She slowed down and finally stopped moving, holding herself there. She breathed hard but she felt so good.
Slowly he pulled his fingers out of her. He felt her shiver slightly as he let go of her clit.
She felt his fingers leave her and then felt his hand on her butt cheek. She started to lower herself, not having the energy to stand any longer.
He lowered her onto his stomach. And moved his hands up her back. He leaned forward to kiss her. He felt her kiss him back as her hands moved from the window sill onto his shoulders.
She kissed him back hard. She opened her mouth as she felt his open. She let her tongue move into his mouth to meet his tongue. Slowly, she let her tongue dance with his. Then she led his tongue into her mouth. Carefully, she closed her lips around his tongue.
He felt her lips close around his tongue and she began to suck slowly on his tongue. He carefully stroked her back as they kissed.
She lowered herself from his stomach. She could feel him leaning forward slightly, not wanting to break their kiss. She moaned slightly as she felt his hardness bump against her still sensitive pussy. She let go of his tongue. She felt his hands move from her back to her shoulders as she moved further down.
He felt her hands move from his shoulders as she straddled his legs. He looked into her eyes as his hands moved down her arms.
Her hands slid down from his shoulders to his chest. She felt his hands slide down her arms to her wrists. Smiling at him, she brush aside his hands. She stared back into his eyes and she grabbed his shirt and ripped it open. She heard some buttons fall away onto the floor.
He watched her grin at him as his shirt flew open exposing his chest. He continued to watch as she leaned forward to kiss his chest.
She found her lips against his chest. Slowly she began to kiss him as he did with her neck. She moved her lips down slowly to his nipple. Carefully, she flicked her tongue against his nipple. She looked up at him to find his eyes closed.
He had closed his eyes the moment her lips touched his chest. He leaned his head back and enjoyed the feeling of her soft lips against him. He felt a tingle as her tongue stroked his nipple.
She continued to tease his nipple for a little bit and moved over to his other nipple. Carefully letting her tongue flick over it. Slowly letting him feel her tongue moving against his skin.
She stopped flicking his nipple and moved down towards his stomach. Gently she kissed her way down. She knew where he wanted her to go. She could feel him throbbing against her stomach. She could almost feel him trying to control his hips from rubbing his hardness against her.
She smiled to herself as her lips kissed down past his belly button.
He opened his eyes and watched her kiss down his stomach. He saw her hands on him, moving along the sides of his stomach. He felt himself throbbing against her. Feeling her smoothness, her breasts pressed against him, he fought hard not to thrust himself up against her. Or even grab her and take her hard and fast. He saw her hands grab his pajama bottom as her lips reach the top of his pants.
She yanked at his pants. She looked up as she saw him shift. She looked into his eyes as he moved his hips up to allow her to pull his pants down. She did and felt his hardness suddenly against her chin. She kissed it once and felt him try to thrust himself into her mouth.
He saw her smile wickedly at him as he felt his hips move forward. He had felt his hardness against the smoothness of her chin. And when she kissed him, he thought she would take him into her hot and sexy mouth.
She let go of his pants halfway down his calves. She looked at his hardness as it waved in the air. She watched it throb as her hands moved up his legs. She leaned forward then and let her right hand lead the way up. Her hand touched his throbbing hardness and pushed it up.
She felt him throbbing in her hand. She could feel the heat eminating from his cock as his hardness seemed thicker than it looked. She reached gently with her left hand between his legs to cup his balls.
He watched as her hands touched him. He closed his eyes as he saw her leaning forward, her tongue out. He felt her tongue tip lick his balls. Slowly moving between and around him. He felt her breath warm against him. He felt himself throb against her right hand.
She felt him throb at the touch of her tongue. She closed her right hand around his throbbing shaft as she took one of his balls into her mouth. Carefully, she sucked. Then she released him. She felt him moving his lips against her. She moved her hand up his shaft to the head. Her tongue moved up from his balls along his shaft, slowly towards his head.
He opened his eyes and looked at her. She was looking right at him with her tongue moving up along his throbbing cock. He wanted her hand to move down him and then back up. He wanted her mouth on his cock, sucking him. He moved his hips again as his cock seemed to throb harder.
She felt him throb against her tongue as she moved up. Just as her tongue reached just under the head, she pulled her tongue back into her mouth. She moved off his legs to kneel to his side. Her hand never letting go of his throbbing hardness.
He felt her hand, cool and smooth on his cock head pressing him back. He felt himself hard and throbbing against his skin. His balls exposed. He wanted to reach up and push her hand onto his shaft.
'Don't move.' She whispered to him.
He hadn't noticed until she whispered that he was reaching up with his hands. He let them fall back down to his sides. He watched as she leaned forward again, this time her lips parted and her mouth touched his cock. He watched and felt as her lips kissed the underside of his cock. Her hand still held him against his stomach as he felt her smooth silky lips sliding sideways down his shaft.
She moved her lips along his hardness, feeling him throb and pulse against both her lips. She stopped as she reached his balls and moved up again, this time she opened her lips some more. As she reached halfway up his shaft, she gently raked her teeth against him.
She heard him groan at that. She moved her left hand up from his balls and slid her fingers up along his shaft, following her mouth. She felt her salvia against her fingers as she gently massaged it along his hardness.
He watched as her lips moved up his shaft. He saw her right hand pull away from his cock as her lips touched the bottom of the head. He throbbed his cock against her mouth, hoping again she would take him in.
She released his hardness from her mouth and looked up at him. She found him looking back at her, a hunger visible in his eyes. She held him there with her left hand. She leaned forward, still watching him with her tongue out again.
She let her tongue touch his hard shaft again, just under the head. Her left hand relaxed on the shaft as it throbbed up a little straighter. She let the tip of her tongue circle his cock head a bit then slide up over the top of his cock.
He watched as the tip of her tongue teased his cock head. He saw her tongue tip move to the hole and flick once. He saw the precum on her tongue and felt himself thrust his hips forward again. He was stopped by her left hand, still on his cock.
She moved her tongue away from the hole, watching a trail of liquid start from there. She moved her tongue down and let the tip of her tongue move just under the head of his hardness. She made sure to flick her tongue against the bottom of his head every so often.
She squeezed his hardness with her left hand. She saw more precum at the hole. Her tongue tip moved up from the head and again dipped into it.
He watched as her tongue left the hole of his cock head. He saw the liquid of his precum stretch away from him to her tongue tip. He felt himself throbbing harder in her left hand.
She moved back towards his hardness. Her mouth opened and took in the head of his hardness. She held his head in her mouth for a second as she looked at him. She saw him gasp quietly, his eyes half closed. She moved then, taking as much of his hardness as she could.
She shifted slightly, letting her head bend and took the rest of his throbbing hardness into her mouth. She held him there, feeling him throb and pulse in her mouth. She felt his hips moving against her mouth, trying to feel movement against his hardness.
He watched as she moved her mouth back up along his cock. He felt her lips smooth against her. Her tongue so soft against his cock. He wanted her to move faster and take his cock all the way again.
Slowly, she moved back down his hardness. Then back up again. This time she stopped and let him slide out of her mouth. She watched it throb in front of her for a moment. She saw him struggling to have his hardness back into her mouth.
She leaned forward again and took his head into her mouth. She heard him sigh as her lips closed around his head. Slowly she sucked on his hardness as she allowed him to go deep into her mouth again.
She moved slowly up and down his hardness. Every movement down, she would suck him in deep against her mouth.
He felt great. It was like heaven around his cock. He wanted to touch her hair and feel her head move up and down his hard cock. He closed his eyes and moved himself up against her mouth.
She pulled her mouth up to his head and stopped. She opened her eyes to look at his reaction. She felt him try to push himself back into her mouth. She saw him open his eyes to look at her. She waited until he stopped moving and slowly she started to suck again. Only this time she only sucked lightly on the head of his hardness.
He watched for a few seconds as she sucked on his cock head. He felt her flicking her tongue slightly over the hole as she sucked. He moved his cock against her.
She watched as he closed his eyes again as she gently sucked on the head of his hardness. She felt the smoothness of him with her tongue. She tasted his precum. She wanted him to release himself.
She opened her mouth slightly and pushed her head down. She heard him gasp as she took him all the way into her mouth. She moved slowly at first. She waited for his movements to guide her. She continued to suck on his hardness as she moved.
Up and down, he half watched as her head bobbed against his cock. He groaned as he felt her hand on his balls, slowly massaging them.
Her lips tight against his hardness, she moved faster. She pushed down against his hips. Her mouth pulling against his thrusts.
She could feel him tensing as his moment drew near. Her mouth let go of his hardness as her right hand took over.
He gasped again as he felt her hand tighten across his shaft. He thrust against her hand as she stroked him.
'Cum for me.' he heard her whisper.
He thrust harder against her hand.
She stroked his entire hardness with her hand. The wetness of her mouth allowed her to glide effortlessly up and down his hardness. She watched his hardness, his hips and his face waiting for it.
He grunted and pushed harder against her hand.
Her hand practically flew up and down his hardness. She leaned forward as she stroked him and flicked her tongue over the head of his hardness. She felt the hotness of his skin against her tongue as she flicked.
'Yeah, come on. Cum on to my tongue!' she urged him.
He grunted loudly again as he thrust.
She felt him shake as he thrust up. She knew he was there.
'Let me taste your cum, like you tasted mine.' she said against his hardness.
She felt his cum then. It flowed from the base of his hardness and up. His body shook against her hand. She saw it fly from the head of his hardness out over the side.
He continued to thrust as he continued to cum. He pushed hard against her hand.
She felt his hand on her hand holding his hardness tighter as the last of his cum flew out.
He stopped moving and opened his eyes to look at her.
He took a deep breath.
'My turn' she whispered to him.
He laughed and leaned forward to kiss her...