The next morning, he came back and found me lying naked on the bed. I had masturbated myself to sleep after the previous night's outing and was asleep when he entered my home.
I woke up to my ass being spread and my asshole being spit on and then licked. His spankings from the previous night had left a mark on my ass cheeks and they were still red. He was rough on my ass and asshole as he began rimming me and after a couple of minutes, he placed his stiff cock at the entrance to my nether hole and slid in smoothly. I could feel his groin rubbing against the soft flesh of my ass and his balls against my pussy lips.
He lay on top of me for a couple of minutes with his dick stuck in my asshole. I could feel the blood coursing through his dick and it pulsating with every heartbeat of his. That sensation of a warm cock deep in me was exquisite. I cannot begin to describe how it felt.
Stepping out of the cab, I went up to the driver's side and asked him to step out of the car. He did so all the while looking me up and down. Smiling, I took his hands and put them on my tits and let him feel them for a bit. When his hands started straying from my tits, I stopped him and kneeling in front of him, I opened his pants and pulled out his cock and after licking it a couple of times, began sucking on it. It didn't take too long for him to cum in my mouth. When I had swallowed every drop that he had to offer, I stood up and kissing him on the cheek, told him that if he waited here for me till whatever time I came back at, I would reward him with something more.
Which man wouldn't agree to an offer like that?
As I walked to the entrance of the construction site, I looked back at the cab driver and saw him staring at me and grinning.
At the gate, a security guard let me in and stared at me as I began walking towards the lift and taking off my clothes at the same time. I could feel the security guard's eyes burrowing into me as I walked away from him.
I took the lift and reached the roof and found my newspaperman lying on a what appeared to be a mattress near the edge. He saw me approaching and smiling, he laid back. His cock was already erect and pointing at the stars. All I had to do was straddle him and insert it in me. And that's just what I did. No words were exchanged as I rode him there under the open sky and moaned to my heart's extent as I orgasmed and he pounded his cock inside me from underneath.
He came hard and as his seed flowed into my pussy, he caught hold of my hips and held me down preventing me from moving. A few minutes later, he let me go and I rolled off him and lay down beside him looking up at the sky.
"You know, I don't even know your name and you've been fucking me for the last few months," I said.
"Moti is my name," he said.
"Hi Moti, I am Riya," I told him, kissing him on the cheeks.
We lay like that not moving for a few minutes and then he turned to me and said, "What if I called in another man to join us?"
"What do you mean? Who?"
"The guard at the gate. He knows about you and me and what we are doing here."
I thought about it for a moment and then said, "Fine, call him. But ask him to bring the driver of the cab who had brought me here as well. He's waiting just beyond the gates."
Moti grinned and picking up his cellphone called the guard and asked him to come upstairs with the cabbie.
I began playing with Moti's cock while we waited for the other two men to turn up. By the time the two men arrived, I had already got Moti's now stiff cock inserted in my asshole and was riding him again. But this time, I was facing away from him and towards the direction of the lift from where I expected the guard and the driver to come.
I was riding Moti hard with my asshole when I saw the lift door open and the two men step out.
Both of them had silly grins plastered on their faces. I didn't stop as they approached Moti and me.
Looking at them, Moti told them to take off their clothes and offer their cocks to me. The men promptly took off their clothes and I was offered two hard cocks to suck on even as I rode Moti's cock.
A few minutes later, the guard pulled away from me and pushed me backwards on to Moti's chest. This opened my pussy for entry. Spreading my legs, he pushed his cock in my pussy and between Moti and the guard, they established a rhythm of sorts. Moti was already close to orgasming and pretty soon let came inside my asshole.
A few minutes later, as his cock shrivelled up inside my asshole and popped out, the guard pulled me on top of himself.
There I lay on that sweaty body with his cock going in and out of my pussy like a jackhammer. He pulled me into himself and squished my tits into his hairy chest. I could feel someone toying with my ass. I turned to look and saw the cabbie spreading my ass and rubbing his cock on my asshole. As I looked him straight in the eye, he pointed the head of his cock at my asshole and entered me.
There I was being pounded by two men at the same time under the stars on the roof of an under construction building. The motion of both the men pounding my pussy and my asshole at the same time was so intense that I had multiple orgasms even as both the guard and the cabbie continued to fuck me. At one point, the guard on whom I was lying began playing with my tits and started sucking on them and leaving love bites. Behind me, the cabbie was spanking my ass into a new shade of red. I could feel every slap make the soft flesh of my butt jiggle.
One by one both the guard and the cabbie came deep inside me filling me up. A few minutes later, when they pulled out of my pussy and my ass, I felt a weird emptiness inside me. Crawling over to the two men who were lying opposite each other, I began kissing and licking their cocks and reviving them. I wanted to be fucked again, but this time, I wanted to be fucked by the men one by one, not together. I just wanted that feeling of having a cock inside me and to feel its warm throbbing and that sensation of feeling their manhood squirt their seed in me.
I coaxed and cajoled their detumescent dicks into life and then lay down on the mattress with my legs spread and asked them to fuck me one by one. But the men weren't having any of it. This time, the cabbie took my pussy first and then pulled me on top of himself and reaching behind me spread my ass cheeks providing the guard with ample access to my asshole. Moti's dick, meanwhile, had come back to life and was standing in front of me with his cock waving in front of my face. I put his cock in my mouth and began sucking on it.
We stayed like that for god knows how long. Two men pounding my groin with their rock hard cocks and one in my mouth. I orgasmed like I had never orgasmed before. I screamed in wild lust filled ecstasy each time my orgasms peaked and my body trembled.
About seven back-to-back orgasms later, the men fucking me began cumming. The first to go was the guard who came with one massive grunt deep into my asshole. As he pulled out, Moti released his load in my mouth and then the cabbie caught hold of my waist and began pounding me on his cock hard. A few minutes later, he let loose his cum deep in my pussy.
Once he was done cumming inside me, he pushed me off himself and all four of us lay on the mattress in a mass of heaving flesh.
A few minutes later, Moti was the first to move and get up. Dusting his clothes, he began putting them on. Once he was fully dressed, he helped me up and picked up my clothes to help me get dressed. But I told him to let them be. I wanted to be naked for a little while longer.
The cabbie and guard had begun moving too and were getting dressed.
The cabbie agreed to drop me home. I took my clothes from Moti and wearing my sandals, I began walking to the lift.
"You aren't going to put on your clothes?" Moti asked.
"No. I am going home naked," I turned and told him smiling and looked at the cabbie's expression.
It was past 4 am when I got home. I had asked the cabbie to drop me off about a 100 metres away from my home. As I walked home, I could feel the numerous loads of cum leaking out of my pussy and asshole onto the insides of my thighs.
I ran myself a long warm bath and once clean, I went to my bed still dripping wet and lay down and slept the sleep of the freshly fucked-to-satisfaction woman. The only thought in my mind was what further debauched things Moti would make me do.