Another fun one to write. Yes, this is purely fiction. No, it didn't really happen, at least as far as I know. Yes, it is far from believable. It's a stroke story, just go with it.
It will be obvious within the first two lines that it involves a mother and her two sons, but there is no overt incest. If you have a problem with a mother having sex while her adult children see it, this is not the story for you. All persons in this story are over the age of 18.
I probably could have put this in a couple of different categories, but I chose Voyeur because the overriding theme is being on camera.
Group Sex, bisexual, masturbation, BDSM
"YOU'RE GONNA DO WHAT???????"
That was Mark, my 20-year-old son.
"WHAT THE FUCK, MOM????" My 18-year-old son, Brad, added.
I suppose that I should have expected this when I asked for their help. I did understand where their shock would come from. After all, what I asked them to help me with was a really big surprise. The problem is that I am not really talented with technology, and I really didn't know who else to go to. Well, that's not exactly true; there were companies out there that I could have hired to do this, but they would have charged me a lot of money to do it. That was the problem. I didn't have a lot of money to hire anyone. I figured that I could get my sons to help me for free. Mark was a junior at his college studying computer science with a focus on programing and app development. Brad had just graduated high school and had been playing with video cameras and computers for a few years now. He was going into Computer Engineering, but he loved playing with cameras as a hobby. He even managed to sell a couple wildlife pictures to a local magazine. Both my boys were very good with all things computer related. As you read above, my request for assistance did not exactly go well to this point.
"Look boys, I saw this on the news the other day, and I thought that it would be a good way to get some income. You know how hard it's getting, and my unemployment is about to run out. There isn't much out there for a 38-year-old receptionist that got laid off when the company she worked for went belly-up."
Yes, I was unemployed because the owners of the company I worked for were idiots and went bankrupt. I'm 38-years-old, and I was competing against much younger girls for the few receptionist jobs out there. Why hire an older woman when they could get a younger one a lot cheaper? Sure, I was willing to take less pay than what I was getting before. Hell, I would even take what they were wanting to pay the younger girls. Still, the corporate mentality just automatically assumed that older and more experience meant higher pay. Granted, it wasn't really high paying, but I didn't have much debt. The house was paid off when my husband died a few years ago, and we never really used credit cards. Really, all I needed to pay for was utilities, food, gas, and maintenance on my car. I could get by on $20 an hour, as long as it included benefits and was full time. That wasn't happening now. They could get two part time girls and not have to pay benefits.
I should probably describe myself, as it will become very important. I already told you my age, and I've heard myself being described as a MILF plenty of times. I'm 5'5" tall with long hair that can be best described as a golden red in color. I work out religiously. My waist is 28-inches and flat, my hips are 38-inches, and my ass is GLORIOUS with long, toned legs. To top it all off, I have a set natural of 40DD tits bolted to my chest. My As far as my face, I have green eyes, a slender nose, high cheeks, and nice kissable lips. My teeth are all straight and white that gives me a killer smile. Yes, I have been told a lot of times that I am very pretty. The above description is very handy for what I need help with.
"Come on, mom. There has to be a better way." Mark reasoned.
"Look. I saw the clip on the news and did a little research. There's a 48-year-old woman who doesn't look nearly as good as I do making over $150,000 a year doing this part time. I will probably clear over $200,000 a year."
"But mom," Brad piped up. "What are we supposed to say when our friends find out?"
"You tell them how proud you are that your mom still looks so hot. Besides, they will have to pay the subscription before they can actually see me naked."
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I was getting set up to be a Camgirl. That's why I needed my boys to help. I needed Mark to set up the computer and accessories, and Brad was going to set up the cameras. I had cleared out one of the bedrooms to set up as the camera room. I had even gone online and made several toy purchases from an online adult store. The delivery was scheduled for tomorrow.
They weren't too happy about it, but they did finally help. The equipment was not very cheap, but I saved a ton on labor. It took a week for the computer, cameras, and other necessary accessories to arrive, and the boys had it set up in a day. Mark even helped me set up a couple social media accounts to drive the subscriptions to my money-making account. Brad was nervous, but he managed to take some really nice photos and a couple videos (all G and PG rated) to put on my new social media accounts. I took a few R rated selfies to put up on my cam page, so any subscribers would have something to look at when I wasn't actually online. I was excited when I saw that I had five subscribers by the end of the first day that my social media accounts had gone up. Finally, it was time for my first show. I had sent out a message to my subscribers and updated my social media sites to let everyone know when my big live debut would be.
"Hi guys! It's JJ here. (I guess I forgot to introduce myself earlier. I'm Joanie Jones, but I prefer to be called JJ.) I hope you all will be kind to me since this is my very first show. I'm a little nervous, but really excited too." I began after verifying that the camera I was using was actually running.
I had decided to wear one of my old skirt suits that I used to wear for my receptionist job. The company I worked for was a bit old fashioned, and the dress code was rather strict. I had a navy skirt that came to just above my knees, a light blue button-down blouse, navy jacket that matched the skirt, and 4-inch pumps. Under that, I had a shear black bra, matching thong, black garter belt, and shear black seamed stockings. All except the garter belt, pumps, and stockings would be discarded shortly.
"Oh, Kevin1659, You naughty boy. Give a girl a chance to get a little comfortable here. It is a little hot in here, so I guess I can remove my jacket, though." I said after reading his comment. I whipped off my jacket and threw it to the side. "Oh. Much better." I said as I stretched and allowed my knockers to thrust forward.
"So, you want to see my ass? Take a good look, guys." I said as I turned my back to the camera and bent over. I slowly reached for the hem of my skirt and began lifting it up. Higher, and higher. The tops of my stockings began to show. I heard a chime. Someone had sent me a tip. Smiling, I continued to raise my skirt until it was over the top of my ass. There were a couple more chimes. I let them look for about a minute as I jiggled my ass for them before turning around and dropping my skirt back into place.
"Well, since you've already seen my ass and panties, there's no reason to keep my skirt on." I said as I undid the button, unzipped the zipper, and let it fall to the floor. I kicked the skirt to the side, then sat on the floor with my legs wide, giving them a nice view of my panty-clad pussy. More chimes sounded, and I noticed that there were a few more viewers.
"Hmmmm. This is making me kind of horney. I hope you guys don't mind me playing with myself." I said as I began to rub my pussy through my panties. I also used my other hand to begin massaging my tits though my blouse. As I was rubbing my pussy and squeezing my tits, I casually began unbuttoning my blouse. As I started working on the button by my navel, I slipped my hand inside my panties to play with my pussy. Eventually, the blouse was completely open, and I discarded it with the jacket and skirt. I pulled my tits out of my bra and began pinching, twisting, and flicking my nipples. There was a lot of moaning coming out of my mouth by that time. I was so aroused that I almost forgot that I was on camera. There had been a few more chimes for tips, and my viewership had doubled. Time to really start working.
"Oooohhh. Thank you for the tips. To show my appreciation, how about I just go ahead and get rid of this bra and thong for you?"
No, I didn't just whip them off. I stood up and danced a bit while doing it. Nothing like a good titty bounce to get the guys going. I also turned my back, bending over, keeping my legs straight, as I lowered my thong to my ankles. Once that was done, I stepped out of them with one foot, and kicked them to the side with the other. Then I turned around to show the camera my red/gold landing strip.
"Well guys, I seem to be naked. Good thing I brought some toys along to keep me occupied." I said as I sat back down on the floor. "How about we start off on this one?" As I picked up an anal plug off the floor.
I put the plug in my mouth as I reached for the lube. Laying back, I stick my right leg straight up and poured a bit of lube on my ass. Starting with my middle finger, I began working the lube into my ass. A few minutes later, and more lube, I added my index finger. I was pushing them in and out while twisting to open myself up. Once I figure that I was lubed up enough, I took the plug out of my mouth, added lube, and began working it in. I would push it in a bit, then pull it back. In and out, in and out, until it finally popped in.
"There we go. Now, how about some nipple clamps to give the girls some fun." I picked up a set of nipple clamps that had a short chain connecting them. "Hmmm. Now, how shall I get my nipples nice and erect to put these on? Sucking on my own tits? I think I can do that." Lifting my left tit, I lowered my head and stuck out my tongue. Yes, I am quite able to lick my own nipples. I gave them a really good show as I made love to my nipples with my mouth and tongue. Lightning bolts shot straight to my pussy as the clips bit into my nipples. I was now up to 50 viewers and quite a bit of tips.
"Oh God. I really need someone to fuck me now. Do any of you want to fuck this MILF pussy? I need a big hard cock!" I cried out to the camera. I reached over an grabbed my 10-inch suction-cup dildo. After licking the base, I stuck it to the hardwood floor. I knelt above it, grabbed it one hand, and guided it into my drooling pussy. I slowly lowered myself onto it until I was all the way down. I let it sit for a moment before rising back up until just the tip was remaining inside me, then lowered back down. Up and down, up and down, up and down, I continued to ride the dildo, gaining speed as I went. Soon, I was riding that dildo as hard as I could. I felt my orgasm building. I could see on my monitor that my ginormous titties were flopping all around. I reached up with my hands to cup my tits and used my thumbs to flick my nipples. There were several more chimes as tips poured in. I couldn't hold myself up anymore, so I leaned forward and placed my hands on the floor. That let my tits bounce around even more.
I cried out as the orgasm washed over me. I was bouncing on that dong like a madwoman. Using all my strength, I sat up and picked up my magic wand vibrator. I turned it on high and applied it to my clit. I leaned back and put one hand on the floor behind me for support. I continued to bounce on the dildo as I worked the vibe. It wasn't long before a second orgasm hit me. I decided to treat my audience. Pulling myself off the dildo, I swung around on my knees with my ass facing the camera and thighs spread. I slurped the dildo into my mouth while blindly reaching for another dildo. All of my viewers got a great look at my plugged ass and cunt as I was thrusting the handheld dildo into my needy cunt. I continued to vibe my clit and suck my juices off of the dildo stuck to the floor. My screams signaling my third orgasm were muffled by the dildo in my mouth.
When the orgasm finally subsided, I sat back down on the floor. With my toys. "And remember, always clean your toys after use." I smiled as I began licking my toys clean. "By for now, guys, and thank you." I said after thoroughly licking everything clean and turning off the camera. So much for my first show.
--------------------------------------------------------
"GODDAMN, MOM! WHAT THE FUCK?" I heard behind me. Startled, I jumped and spun around. Brad was standing there staring at me.
"Brad, you scared me. I almost dropped my glass." I replied.
"What are you doing?" He asked in an alarmed voice. Truthfully, I thought that what I was doing was self-explanatory.
"I just finished my first cam show -- rather successfully, I might add -- and needed to get a drink of water to rehydrate myself."
"Maybe you might want to put on some clothes first next time?"
Shit. Forgot about that.
"What are you yelling about, bro? HOLY SHIT! MOM, YOU'RE NAKED!"
Well, thank you, Captain Obvious. In case you didn't figure it out, Mark had just stepped into the kitchen to see what all the fuss was about. Oh well, too late for modesty now.
"Yes. Well, I had just finished a show, and I guess my mind was a little fuzzy. I forgot that I wasn't wearing clothes. Sorry. Too late now."
I guess it didn't bother them too much. They both just stood there staring at me. I also noticed that a certain part of their anatomy happened to be rapidly increasing in volume. Based on the growing lumps in their pants, they seemed to have both inherited that particular feature from their father. Let's just say that their future wives were going to be extremely happy and leave it at that. I know I was happy when my husband would plant his giant redwood in my forest. OK. This was getting awkward. I got my drink and strutted out of the kitchen and back to my bedroom to shower and put on clothes.
So, every day I went online -- usually a couple of times a day. My viewership continued to increase, as well as the money and tips coming in. I discovered that there is a sort of network of camgirls on some of the social media sites. If you follow them, they will follow you. You retweet their posts, and they will retweet yours. Mutual advertising. My subscriptions and viewers skyrocketed after that.
---------------------------------------------
"What's this receipt for?" The short, pudgy, balding man with thick glasses asked.
"Work supplies." I answered.
"You buy work supplies from a sex shop?" He asked incredulously.
"Well, yeah. Where else am I going to buy dildos, anal plugs, nipple clamps, fucking machines, and vibrators?" Seriously. You think they sell that shit at Walmart?
"You can't deduct dildos from your federal income taxes!" My tax preparer almost shouted.
"Those are work related expenses. I wore out three vibrators last year doing my shows. I need them to continue my career. I use them when I work. They are a necessary expense."
He looked horrified. I guess he didn't have any other camgirls for clients. He just stared at me for a minute before shaking his head to clear it. After a deep sigh, he decided to move on.
"Fine. We'll try it. Now, what about uniform or work clothes? You are self-employed, so you can deduct any clothes that you are required to wear for work." I handed him another stack of receipts.
"Victoria Secrets? Fredricks of Hollywood? Adam and Eve dot com? Wicked Weasel?"
"Of course. That's what I wear when I'm working."
"I wasn't talking about your underwear. You can deduct what you wear over that." He seemed to be getting frustrated with me for some reason.
"Uuuummmm, I don't wear anything over that when I'm working. That stuff IS my working clothes."
He just stared at me for a minute. He finally shook his head as if to clear it and tapped the numbers into the computer. After the flack he had been giving me so far, I was kind of reluctant to hand over the next couple of receipts.
"Master Dave's Custom Bondage Shop?????" Looking closer at the receipts, he continued. "Leather Spanking Bench, Adjustable Pillory, Saint Andrew's Cross -- with multiple attachment points. Good Lord. What is all this?"
"Uuummm, office furniture?" I suggested. "I use that in my shows when I have guests. Especially when Sabrina comes over and helps with a show. She's such a submissive little bitch, and a bit of a pain slut as well."
I seriously think that he was about to cry.
"OK, look. Maybe I should show you what I do for work. You obviously have no idea about what I do."
I pulled out my phone and set it up as a hotspot. Didn't want him to get in trouble with his IT guys for looking at porn on his work computer. I opened my laptop and let it boot up. Connecting to my hotspot, I pulled up my cam site. Clicking on one of my raunchier videos, I turned my laptop so he could see it. Shit. Forgot that I had the volume up. Before I could mute it, we had a dozen curious coworkers in his cubicle. OK. That wasn't good. So, I skipped ahead a bit and let them (yes, at least half of his coworkers stayed there) watch a bit before moving forward again. I did that a couple times so he could see that I used everything in my shows.
"You're a camgirl?" Asked a sweet looking blonde. She was short and petite. Gorgeous too. OK, so I'm not exactly straight, and it's been years since I've dabbled with the fairer sex (well, except for recently on some of my shows). Besides, I saw the look in her eyes when she was watching my bouncing titties. I handed her my card and said to call me later. She smiled as she turned and left.
"Love to be a fly on the wall during this audit." My tax guy muttered as he e-filed my return. I found out later that he had subscribed to my site that evening when he got home. Brenda (the blonde tax honey) told me that a few months later after doing a special show with me. Yes, she set up her own site a month after meeting me. I had the boys go over to her apartment to help her set it up one Saturday morning. They got back home at around noon Sunday. I guess she decided on 'Payment for Services Rendered'. Their smiles lasted a week.
-------------------------------------------
"No way, mom. No. Nope. Nine. Nada. Nicht. Nu uh. Not just no, but HELL NO!" Brad insisted.
"Come on, Brad. Help your poor mom out here." I pleaded.
"Not that, mom. No way. Besides, you are far from poor. Your cam site is raking in the bucks."
"Yes, it is, but I've got to keep doing different things to keep it fresh. If I just do the same old thing all the time, my viewers get bored and start leaving."
"How about I just set the cameras up and I can leave until you're done?" He bargained.
"You know that won't work and why."
"Fuck. FINE, but you are gonna be paying for my therapy for a long time."
Thus, found Brad and Mark operating the cameras for me in our back yard. No, they had never actually seen me perform, but they had seen me naked -- A LOT. It didn't take very long after that first day before I just gave up trying to remember to actually wear clothes in the house after my show. I mean, by that point, what difference did it really make? It did seem as if their friends tended to come over more often than before, though. They just got used to me wandering around naked. Now, I just pretty much stayed naked when I was inside the house. Today, I was going to perform outside.
We did have a block wall around our yard, but it wasn't completely private. A couple of the neighbors had decks and windows high enough to see over the wall. There were a couple of strategic locations where I could sunbathe out of view, but most of the yard could be seen by one neighbor or another. Today's show was naked yardwork. I started off with a miniskirt, halter top, tennis shoes, thong, and a big floppy hat. Within 15-minutes, the halter top, mini skirt, and thong were replaced with a pair of white cotton gardening gloves.
I continued to talk to the camera as I was on my hands and knees planting my flowers. Oh, I was also wearing a butt plug with a big plastic red jewel on it. My titties would sway as I was bent over digging the little holes, setting the plant in, then backfilling the dirt in it. Brad also got some really good shots of my ass swaying as I worked as well. Mark was handling the computer and relaying request to me. The water hose was a lot of fun as well. I was drenched (yes, both ways) by the time I got done watering the plants.
After working in the garden for an hour, it was time to relax in the sun. I spent a LOT of time applying sunscreen. FYI, don't be stingy with the sunscreen when rubbing your clit. I had a nice little orgasm. I had a second orgasm using my vibrator as well. It helped that I noticed three of the neighbors jacking off as they watched me from their windows. Mrs. Porter even jilled herself while watching me from her deck. Hmmmm, might have to explore that. Never realized that she had a bisexual side. Wonder if she would be willing to have a little fun on the cam?
Before shutting down, I had a request to fuck myself on my suction-cup dildo stuck to the glass door. I had Brad set up a camera inside, looking out. It was about a foot away from the door, so it got a really good view. Mrs. Porter was still watching, so I pretended to ignore her as I made a show of sucking on the dildo, then licking the suction cup. I bent over with my legs slightly spread to give her a good view of my ass and pussy as I attached the dildo to the glass. After turning back around and getting on my hands and knees, I backed up, put my lower legs up on the glass, aligned the dildo with my cunt, then turned and locked my eyes on Mrs. Porter. With eyes locked, I impaled myself and proceeded to ride. Keeping her eyes locked on mine, she shoved her hand back down into her shorts. I could see the movement on the front of her shorts as she diddled her twat. My orgasm was rapidly approaching. I saw her breathing get harder as she approached her orgasm. Mine finally let loose with a cry of bliss from my lips. I watched as she threw her head back as she tumbled over the edge as well.
After a few minutes, I came back to my senses. Still looking directly at her, I pulled the dildo off the door and sucked it clean. As I did this, I watched her move her hand to her mouth and lick her fingers clean. Finally, I smiled, waved, and blew her a kiss before opening the door and walking inside. I wasn't overly surprised to see four of Brad's and Mark's friends standing just inside the sliding glass door -- which still had the dildo stuck to the outside of the glass.
"Would one of you boys be a gentleman and pull the plug out of my ass for me, please." I asked sweetly.
Yeah, it took about five minutes of hand-fighting between the four of them before one of them managed to get a good grip and pull it out. In the meantime, the four free hands managed to do a good job of groping me.
"Thanks guys." I said as I gave each of them a peck on the cheek. Oh, and I did a little groping of my own as well.
-----------------------------------------------------
"OK, viewers." I began when the cameras were rolling. "I've been advertising this special show for a week now. As I said, this is one you do not want to miss. I have a special surprise for you. Unfortunately, the video for this show will not be put on my main page to view later. I will be selling copies to download at an extra cost of $5 each. So, what's the surprise? Come on in guys." I said with a look to the side. In walked four late teens (The youngest was 18 years old) to early twenties (The oldest was 22) guys. All were naked except for the masks to hide their identities. Their cock ranged from 7-inches to a whopping 9-inches. "I'm titling this show 'Mommy Does a Gang Bang'. That should answer your questions. Yes, these four young men are going to fuck my brains out for the next couple of hours. I have no idea how long this will last, but they are all young with very quick recovery times." I stood up and looked at the four guys. "OK. Let's get started. This is an old dress, so you don't have to worry about it."
Aaaaannnnnndddddd, we're off. The dress I was wearing lasted about 0.352-milliseconds before it was torn to shreds and discarded. All I had on underneath was, well, nothing. I hadn't even put on shoes. I was pushed to my knees with once cock in each hand, and another in my mouth. About every minute, they rotated, so a different cock was in each hand and my mouth. I sucked and deepthroated for about 10-minutes. During the last rotation, the guy with the free cock laid down on his back. When the cock I was sucking pulled out of my mouth, I was lifted up and placed on the guy who was laying down. Since I was already soaking wet, I easily slid onto his cock. I laid down on him, and another cock was presented to my mouth. That was when I felt the fingers working the lube into my ass. Two minutes alter, I felt a lubed-up cock begin pushing into my ass.
I lost track of time after my third orgasm. All I know is that after the cock in my mouth unloaded down my throat, it was replaced by the fourth guy in the group. The guy in my cunt let go next. I was briefly disengaged from the cock in my mouth as I was rolled over on top of the cock in my ass and face up. Apparently, the first cock in my mouth had recovered and I had him on top of me slamming into my cunt just before the same cock as before re-entered my mouth.
Yes, it is a bit confusing as to whose cock was where throughout this. There are two reasons for that. First, I am not disclosing names, as I need to keep the boys anonymous. Of course, I know who they are, but I don't want to cause any backlash for them later by being outed. That's why I specifically left their names out of this. The second reason is that I have no idea who was doing what and when. After my second orgasm, I lost track. Not only do I not have eyes in the back of my head, but with a mouth full of cock, all I could usually see was a six-pack of abs and a pair of balls in front of me. Well, that combined with my brain being fried by orgasm after orgasm.
I was a fuck doll, a sex toy, a life support system for a mouth, cunt, ass, and tits. By the time it was over, I had lost count of how many orgasms I had. After watching the video a few times, I counted two guys having cum 4-times, one cumming 5-times, and the 9-inch stallion having gone 'around the world' on me completely twice. Yes, for those of you who are mathematically challenged, that's 6-times, twice in each hole.
"Hey, hey. Wake up." I heard through the fog. I managed to crack an eye open. I saw Brenda standing over me. It took a moment to remember why she was there. 'Oh yeah.' I thought to myself. 'She was running the cameras and website for me during my gang bang.' Looking around, all for guys were also passed out.
I sat up, and Brenda handed me a sports drink to replace the electrolytes and hydration.
"Holy shit!" She exclaimed. "That was awesome. I can't even imagine the tips you got for that. You probably made more in the last four hours than you made in the entire previous week."
"Four hours?" I croaked. Shit, how long did that last?
"Oh, hell yeah." She grinned. "I cut it off after the last guy finally passed out. You were still awake, but you dropped off about a minute later."
"Fuck. I don't think I'll be walking right for a week. I hope my kids didn't show up early. I should probably get their friends out of here before they get home."
"Yeah, about that....."
"Shit. I was hoping that I could keep my fucking their friends a secret from them."
"Too late for that. It's OK, though. I made a deal with them, so they are OK with it."
"What kind of deal?" Brenda gave me a look that I really didn't like very much.
"Let's just say that I'm gonna need to borrow two of those masks next Saturday and leave it at that."
"Shit."
-------------------------------------------------
Yeah, I was sore for about a week. Since I was still too sore to really get into using my toys on myself, I got Mrs. Porter to help with my shows. She wore a mask to hide her identity. It seems that she has some rather conservative relatives. I had to laugh when she told me that she had discovered that two of the more conservative ones had actually signed up for my site. Even more hilarious was that one of them was an outspoken critic of homosexuality who was married to a preacher. It seems that she wasn't quite as anti-gay as she portrayed herself to be.
OK, I know that you people were expecting me to use a certain word to describe those who are anti-gay. I don't use stupid words. The word you want me to use doesn't even make sense. Homo means the same or similar. Phobia is an irrational fear. Homophobia simply means an unnatural fear of the same. It's being scared of repetition. It's stupid.
So, rant over. As I was saying, Mrs. Porter was helping me out with my shows for the week. Her husband works during the day, and never gets home before 7:00 in the evening, so she had lots of time on her hands. She is also rather sexually frustrated, since hubby is usually too tired to do anything when he gets home. She also told me that he is one of those quick triggers, then roll over and begin snoring guys when they do have sex. Also, just because I can't use my toys much on myself, doesn't mean that I can't use them on her.
"Fifteen. Thank you, Mistress." Mrs. Porter cried out. She was bent over the spanking bench. She currently was wearing a leather collar, nipple clamps, and an 8-inch butt plug. Her legs were strapped to the bench, and her arms were tied to the front legs of the bench. She now sported fifteen red stripes from my cane to her ass and the backs of her thighs. There were trails of moisture running down both thighs. It really hadn't taken me long to determine that she was a natural pain slut, and submissive as hell.
"Are you going to be a good slut and lick my pussy now?" Of course, she was. Fuck, she had been gladly licking my pussy since the day after she had first watched me in the back yard. This was all for the show. My viewers ate this shit up.
"What do you guys and gals think? Should I let this slut lick my pussy, or should I fuck her with my big strap-on first?" I asked the cameras. A moment later, the tips were rolling in to fuck her. A happy audience is a generous audience.
As I began working my 10-inch long, 3-inch-thick phallus into her drooling cunt, I was mildly wondering if her husband had noticed how much looser her twat had become since I began fucking her six months ago. Hell, I wondered if his 4-inch-long and not quite an inch thick dick could even feel the sides anymore. I had casually mentioned that she may want to try to give him more blowjobs and anal sex, but she nixed both. He apparently is one of those very odd men who think oral sex is disgusting. You can probably figure out what he would think about anal. Was it any wonder that she was a total freak when she got in front of the camera?
Anyway, I had to put that thought aside. I had a performance to finish. I fucked her to three screaming orgasms. Then, I had her lick and suck the dildo clean, then lick me clean (as well as to another nice orgasm). Then it was time for titty whipping. This was always a spectacular end to the show. I strapped her to the Saint Andrew's cross, face out and towards the camera. The butt plug was replaced with a Bluetooth controlled vibrating plug. I also inserted a Bluetooth controlled vibrating egg in her cunt. I turned both vibrators to low, then went over to the cabinet to choose the whip. I didn't need to worry about leaving marks, because her husband always wanted it dark when they 'Made Love'. He never saw her naked with the lights on. Actually, besides me (and all of my subscribers) who ever saw her naked were my two sons when thy went over to help her with some 'Household chores'.
So, I decided on a single tail whip for today. I didn't make her count for this, as I realized that she would be too far down into subspace to ever even begin to be able to keep track. I did start out fairly light on her tits. I gradually built up the strength of my strikes as I slowly ramped up the vibrators.
"Don't you dare cum before I give you permission, bitch." I screamed at her.
[THWACK] "AAAAAIIIIIIIIIIGGGGHHHHHH! Please, Mistress!"
"Not yet, slut."
[THWACK] "AAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE!"
"Hold it!"
[THWACK] "OOOOOOOHHHHHFFFFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKK"
[THWACK] 'CUM, YOU WORTHLESS WHORE!" I said just as the whip struck across both her nipples,
"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKKYYYYYYEEEEESSSSSSSS" She screamed out as her fluids shot across the floor from her cunt. Yes, she squirts.
I always ended my shows after that. She had passed out, so there wasn't much else I could do with her anyway.
---------------------------------------------------------
Brad and Mark were not overly happy.
"Seriously, mom?"
"Well, it's actually your fault."
"No, it isn't. Well, not completely, anyway."
"Look, if you two had been a bit more aware...." I began before being cut-off.
"Hey, we were there to help out. We had no idea that he would be home three hours earlier than normal."
Well, that was true. Still, they had been the ones to get caught with their hands in the cookie jar -- or rather their dicks in the coochie. It seems that Mr. Porter had gotten word from a coworker that all was not exactly as it seemed on the home front. Apparently, he was just a tad offended when he walked in on his precious wife screaming in orgasm as she was being double-teamed by my two sons -- as their four friends were standing around naked waiting their turns.
"It's only until she gets back on her knees......I mean feet. Besides, we have the guest room that isn't being used. Seriously, she has no place else to go, since that uptight prick kicked her out. What kind of a guy doesn't like blowjobs anyway?"
Yeah, Mrs. Porter's husband kicked her to the curb. With nowhere else to go, I offered her the guest room. She insisted on earning her keep by doing all the housework. That was fine with me. She did have a list of conditions, though. We negotiated them. I wasn't really fond of some of them, but she insisted. I finally gave in, but I was adamant that she at least wears an apron while cooking. I also insisted that she wear shoes as well. OK, heels, and 4-inch minimum, but still shoes. She was a serious negotiator. It took a long fought negotiation before I finally relented and included the clause that she would be whipped or caned for even the slightest infraction. I did mention that she is a pain slut, didn't I? Thus, we were all treated to a naked, stiletto and butt plug wearing maid. I'm pretty sure that she intentionally screwed up occasionally, so we would have the justification to renew the red stripes on her ass and tits.
I had been doing this for a few years now and was kind of topped out. There comes a time when things just get a bit stale, no matter what. I mean, really, how many different ways can a woman masturbate? Sure, there are always new subscribers, but in order to flourish, you really need to come up with new stuff all the time to keep your audience interested. I had managed to create a decent nest egg, and my investment guy did pretty well for me as well. Sure, I could live for several years on what I had, but I would have to be careful with my money. I decided that I needed to change things up a bit.
Mark had graduated from college and moved out by this time, and Brad was set to graduate next semester. I was about to be an 'Empty Nester'. It was time to go all in. I figured that if what I planned actually worked, in about five years -- or less -- I could fully retire. OK, so maybe not completely retire, but I would only keep it up part time for the fun. I called Mark and had him come over that evening.
[SIGH] "Yes, mom. We can do that, but are you sure you want to?" Mark asked. They had both gotten used to my wild ideas years ago.
"Only the livingroom, basement, Mistress bedroom, and backyard. Oh, and I will need a switch to turn it off when I have a normal party."
"Of course. That should go without saying."
"Brad, I also need you to revamp my site." I handed him a few pages of notes. "This is what I want done with it. I'll begin talking about the changes over the next week, so all my subscribers will know what's going on. I'll also begin making updates to my Twatter and Reddit accounts."
"It's actually Twitter, mom."
"Not to me." I smiled. "I use it to advertise my twat, so it's Twatter."
"Hello guys and gals. Welcome to my new site. I want to thank all of you who paid the upgrade fees. As you can see, you now have 20/7/365 access to all the cameras in my home, plus the full versions of all of my past shows in the archive." I began. I was wearing a leather corset, leather thong, and leather thigh high boots with a 5-inch stiletto heel.
"I want to introduce you to my new housekeeper, Emily." The former Mrs. Porter's first name is Emily. She was currently dressed in 6-inch stilettos, collar, butt plug, and ball gag. Say hello, Emily."
"Hmmwwoo."
Yes, since her divorce, she has been my full-time, full-service maid. She has also been my submissive partner on my shows. We've caught her ex-husband (yes, he still lives right next door) watching us whenever we are out in the back yard. We even leave the blinds facing his house up, so he can see us playing inside. He doesn't know it, but we figured out that he is one of our subscribers. Pretty stupid of him to not think that his ex-wife could recognize his email account and he never bothered to change his passwords. No, she didn't set up the account; he did it himself. She just got suspicious and used his Wi-Fi to poke around on his computer.
"So, not only will we still be doing regular shows, but you will also be able to sign on any time and watch what's going on in the house. I do need to clarify something, as with life, there will be times when I have to turn the cameras off. We do occasionally have visitors that do not wish to be seen on camera. I'm sure that you understand. Now, who wants to see this slut strapped to the fucking machine while I whip her tits?"
DINGSDINGDINGDINGDINGDINGDINGDINGDINGDINGDINGDING
The tip counter started ringing like an old-time alarm clock. You know, the ones with the two bells on top.
------------------------------------------------------
"Hello guys and gals." I began as the camera began sending the stream out to the ether. "I am sorry to say that it is time to pull the plug. Alas, my time on camera is ending." As I was talking to the camera, Emily had her face planted between my thighs. "I've had a great run, and we've had more fun than you could possibly imagine. Unfortunately, I have made the difficult decision to retire. I will miss this almost as much as you will miss watching Emily screaming in orgasm as she takes my 10-inch strap-on up her ass. Fortunately, I've decided to go out with a bang. And by 'going out with a bang', I, of course mean a Gangbang. COME ON OUT GUYS!"
Into the camera walked six naked guys and one naked woman. Yes, it was may two sons, their four friends, and Brenda. The guys all were wearing masks. Brenda was not wearing a mask, since she had her own cam show. Six young, virile men vs, three horney MILFs. Should be an even match.
"In case I'm not capable of saying this later, thank you all for subscribing and watching me for these last few years."
That was my last show. My boys have never touched me to that point. Truthfully, I don't know if they did that day or not. They started off double teaming Brenda. I lost track after that. It was a four-hour free-for-all. By the time it was over, all six boys were down for the count, Brenda was laying in a pool of cum, Emily was passed out on top of Mark, and I just barely managed to crawl over and turn off the cameras for the last time. It was finally time to settle down.