This story starts over 10 years ago. I was in my late 40s and didn't have a girlfriend. I was horny and let my exhibitionist side out for the first time. I was on line and had met a women who lived on the other side of the bay. I had teased her and wound up sending her nude pics which she seemed to enjoy. After some amount of goading I talked her into being my photographer. I bought my first digital camera for the episode. She did too.
I went to her home for our first photoshoot. She met me with a smile and with in 15 minutes I'm naked and she is taking lots of pictures. I wind up posing in basically every room of her home. I had a great time and the evening ended with her giving me a great hand job. We repeated the photoshoot at my house and then back to her house. On the third visit she said she had a surprise for me. I got there and was soon naked. That's when the knock on the door happened and I asked if I should go into the bathroom. She smiled and said the door was for me and to go answer it. So I did. I opened the door to find a girlfriend who came armed with not only a camera but a video cam. I put on a show for the two of them which was very well covered photographically. I didn't cum that night but I sure wanted to.
This background leads me to the latest that has happened now ten years later. My friend had met a guy she was serious with so our fun with cameras had to end though we continued to be somewhat distant friends. When she moved to a large retirement village, Gulf Breeze, I asked if she had any new friends that might enjoy a naked guy. She didn't really respond to my request, but about two months later I get, The Email.
The writer was a women named Carol. She stated in the email she had gotten my address from our mutual friend Kathy. I thought this might get interesting. Carol mentioned Kathy had told her about me and that the idea of having a naked male posing for her sounded like fun. I of course replied, "this sounds like fun." So the ball was rolling. She asked questions, "would I really get completely naked?" I gave an enthusiastic "yes." Then she mentioned she lived with a roommate (Sharon) and that she would be present and I thought, even better. I answered "no problem." Both ladies were in their early 60s and were in good shape. Those retirement villages had the latest in work out equipment.
I had not done anything like this for some time so privately there was some trepidation but I prepared for the night looking forward to it. I shaved down there and made sure I was very clean for Carol and Sharon. When I arrived the ladies had a nice spread of munchies and had laid in my favorite bourbon to relax me a little. After a while they said lets go into the living room and get started. I gulped and gave a smile that i didn't really feel and followed them into the larger room. They got comfortable on the couch while I stood in front of them. They got their cameras ready and I started to strip. My shoes and socks went easily. The girls have big smiles on their face and are waiting for the interesting part. My shirt followed suit and then it was time to lose my shorts. I took my time undoing my belt and unsnapping and unzipping my shorts. Their cameras were getting busy now. The shorts fell to the floor and I stood there in bikini underwear.
They had me turn and pose for a number of pics in my undies, including bent over with my ass toward them. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my undies and slowly lowered them to a number of flashes from their cameras. When my ass was uncovered I turned and slowly lowered the front till my hard on finally broke free and slapped up against my stomach. I was as hard as I've ever been. The girls let out a small cheer and cranked out the pictures. I was having a great time too. They wanted a few pics where they posed with me and I did anything they wanted. They asked me to touch myself which they really liked and even to give it a stroke. I was only to happy to comply. They teased me their girlfriends won't believe what they did tonight. Little did I know where that would go.
The evening finally came to an end with me stuffing a very hard cock back into my bikini underwear and getting dressed to head home. The ladies give me hugs and said what a fun night it had been. It was about a 40 mile drive home and upon walking into my house I immediately stripped and masturbated to a huge cum shot. I went to bed happy.
Over the next few days they ladies wrote and told me they had more fun than they'd had in years. I replied I had had a great time too. They they asked what I did when I got home. I knew where this was going so I was honest and told them I masturbated and had cum very hard. They said that next time I should go home relaxed and wanted me to take care of myself in front of them. I agreed and knew I was getting in deep. I knew the next time would be much hotter.