Inspired by a true story.
*
It was an unusually mild winter in Philadelphia. The December air was a warm 60 degrees and the sun was shining. My girlfriend Emily and I had been planning our short day trip to central Pennsylvania for a couple weeks, hoping to see the Christmas Village and spend a nice night in a small town. The warm air didn't feel very Christmas-like but we went anyways. We left in around 11 in the morning for the two hour drive there, figuring we'd grab lunch on the way. We had only been dating for a couple months and this was our first real road trip with each other. We were both looking forward to it as I drove out of the city and held Emily's hand on my thigh, excited for the trip and by the thoughts of what we would do that night.
We had been fucking since pretty much the start of our relationship and had done all the basics. We were both into outdoor sex and used every opportunity we had to sneak onto a dark place on the college campus to have some fun. We had never been caught and I was really glad we hadn't been. I liked the thrill of the chance of being caught, but never wanted that chance to come to fruition. We both had too good of careers to worry about and didn't need to get into trouble by getting caught. That fear never stopped us, but it did keep us from being too stupid. Outside of her giving me road head a couple of times we had never done anything outside during the day or any busy place. I was lucky, I had found a girlfriend that was more than open to almost anything from anal to outdoor sex.
We drove along the highway. Traffic was light this Saturday morning and soon we were out of the city and in the countryside. Outside of a few tractor trailers and some other travelers the road was empty and soon Emily began rubbing my crotch. I was already half hard from her touch as she gave me a seductive smile. She began rubbing my stiffening bulge through my jeans, stroking her hand along my shaft. I tried to stay focused on the road as best I could, but was distracted by the vixen fondling my growing cock.
"I wonder if anyone can see us," she said.
"I don't know, probably," I said, enjoying the thought.
"I hope somebody does," Emily replied as she started to undo my belt and pants.
Soon she had my belt and pants open. I pushed myself up in the seat to allow her to pull my pants down just enough. She reached in a grabbed my already stiff shaft, pulling it over the top of my underwear. I got in the left lane to pass a truck and wondered if he noticed as we sped past him. Emily continued stroking my member while giving me a wicked smile. I smiled back at her as I turned to make sure there were no cars as I changed back to the right lame. She licked her lips and leaned over towards my seat. I raised my arm to allow her under it and put it around her back. She leaned down and put her tongue to the head of my penis. I twitched slightly at the warm, wet touch of her tongue. She circled the head with your tongue, shining it with her saliva. I placed my hand on the back of her neck and gently guided her down my shaft. She took the whole thing in her mouth until I could feel it hit the back of her throat. She slowly pulled her lips and tongue up to the head and then went slowly down the shaft again.
"That feels so good," I said as her tongue wrapped around my shaft in her mouth.
Emily moaned in reply and continued to take every inch in her mouth. She reached in with her hand and began stroking the base as she sucked at the tip. I could hear a soft pop as she pulled her head away from my cock. She continued stroking up and down my cock with her hand as she put her head down and flicked at my testicles with her tongue. She licked around my sack and sucked in my testicles one at a time. I looked away from the road for a second to watch her work my cock with her mouth and hand. I saw that she was fingering herself while continuing to suck. I let go of the wheel again to try and reach back to finger her, but my arms were not long enough to reach up her skirt in the position we were in. I saw another truck in our lane and moved into the left lane to pass. Emily removed herself from my sack and took my whole shaft into her mouth again. I passed the truck but was unable to look into the cab to see if the driver noticed. I flinched at the thought of a lonely trucker seeing Emily suck me off on the highway.
Emily moaned softly against my cock, the vibrations feeling great around my shaft. She sucked vigorously and began stoking again as she sucked at the head. I moved back into the right lane as I saw a SUV coming fast behind us. He passed me on the left and I looked over. I saw him look at me and was sure that he saw Emily's head going up and down my crotch. The driver slowed down as Emily continued sucking and stroking at my cock. He followed close beside us, sneaking quick glances over that I assume he thought I wouldn't notice. I gave no sign that I saw him but was amazingly turned on by the fact that we were now being watched. I didn't let Emily know as she moaned, stroked, and sucked harder and faster. She furiously fingered and rubbed at her pussy, exposing it to the empty right shoulder. I could tell she started cumming as she moaned more and more with my cock in her mouth. The sensation of the moaning and the man watching us from the left lane was too much and soon I felt my balls tightening.
"Oh shit, I'm going to cum!" I exclaimed loudly.
Emily just moaned in response and continued stroking and sucking as she fingered herself to orgasm. My cock suddenly twitched as the first shot of cum went into her mouth. She eagerly accepted it into her mouth as I kept cumming. She She stopped sucking for half a second to take a breath and I shot a spurt of cum onto her face. She quickly and excitedly took my whole cock into her mouth again in order to get every other drop in her mouth. I could feel some dribble out of her mouth and down my shaft. I knew that the man next to us could tell I was cumming and I caught him staring at us. She kept moaning as she took all my cum. I stopped twitching as my orgasm passed and she gave me a couple more strokes, licking the last remaining cum that oozed out of the head of my cock. She sat up and looked out the driver's side window. The cumshot was noticeable on her face as she looked directly at the other driver. She gave a seductive smile his way as she began to wipe all my cum off her face with her fingers. She stared right at the stranger as she licked the cum off her fingers and swallowed every little bit. She gave me a kiss and then sat back into her seat. I pushed up in my seat again and used one hand to pull up my pants and underwear. The other driver sped back up and passed us.
"That was awesome," I said.
"Yeah it was," Emily agreed, "How long was that guy watching?"
"Only for about five or ten minutes," I replied, "I think he liked the show."
"I liked giving him one," she said in her sexiest voice.
I smiled at her and she leaned in to give me a kiss. That was the first time we had actually been watched. We always figured that someone had noticed one of the other times she had given me road head, but were never sure. It excited both of us and we couldn't wait until we were watched again. We spent the rest of the drive talking about different scenarios of being watched. Most consisted of being caught by a stranger who thinks we don't know they're watching. The one Emily liked best was talking about us being caught by a stranger and the stranger making us do various sexual things as to not get into any trouble. Emily was so turned on by the thought of getting caught that she masturbated in the car again before we got there. I helped her with my fingers for a little while before focusing back on driving.
We arrived at the Christmas Village and had an uneventful day. Both of us were a little let down by the display and spent most of the time making jokes about how terrible it was. The rest of the night was uneventful. We had dinner at a nice casual restaurant and then got a so-so hotel room for the night. We spent the night watching TV and having pretty standard sex. We awoke the next morning to drive back to Philly. Before leaving we grabbed breakfast at a small diner and made more jokes about how lame the Christmas Village was. We hit the road at around 10:30 for the drive home.
On the way back we again started talking about the episode from the day before. Emily was wearing a mid-rise skirt and no underwear and started masturbating again about a half hour outside of the small town. The highway was mostly empty again, but we passed a few cars and trucks that could have probably seen her. It turned her on more and soon she wanted to fool around again. She rubbed my cock through my jeans and noticed that it was getting hard again.
"I really want to fuck again," she told me.
"Me too," I said as my cock grew more against her hand.
"Where?" She asked.
"I don't know," I replied calmly.
Emily looked a little disappointed but continued rubbing her pussy in my passenger seat. She moaned softly as she played with her clit and inserted her fingers into her wet pussy. I was really turned on by her playing with herself right next to me and knew I needed to fuck her. My car wasn't big enough to do it in there and I didn't want to wait until we got home. We were in the middle of nowhere and I quickly decided that we could easily find a pull off and go into the woods a little bit. Luckily, about a mile down the road was a small gravel area with a small trail leading to a river. The road was a good amount above the gravel area and between that and the trees between it and the road I knew it'd be secluded enough to have some fun. I pulled into the gravel area and parked the car.
"What are you doing?" Emily asked.
"I figured we could have some fun down here," I replied, trying to make it sound as sexy as possible.
Emily just replied with a sexy smile and by quickly getting out of the car. I followed her as we walked about 15 feet down the small trail. We looked around to make sure there were no other people and that we couldn't be seen from the road. I grabbed Emily by the hips and pulled her close to me. I kissed her as I ran my hands up and down her sides and ass. I squeezed her ass as I pulled her against my hips and my kiss. Emily reached down and quickly unhooked my belt and undid the button to my jeans. My pants fell to just above my knees and left me in my underwear, my hard cock tenting my boxers and poking out of the slit. Emily grasped it in her hand and stroked it, making sure it was nice and hard. I continued kissing her and rubbing my hands all over her back and ass. She dropped down to a crouch to put her mouth in line with my cock. For the second time in two days she took my whole cock in her mouth in public. I was so turned on and loved her sucking my cock while being able to hear all the cars driving down the highway. I imagined them all seeing us even though I knew they couldn't. Out of nowhere we heard a car driving on the gravel. We both froze as we looked up towards where we parked and saw a van with the county's name on the side pull into the area next to our car. We couldn't make out details due to the glare from the sun, but we could tell that there was only one person in the car. We both remained frozen with her on her knees and my hard cock dangling right in front of her face. Her hand was still grasping my cock but not moving. We didn't know what to do as the stranger just stayed parked there. I was really turned on by the person watching us and my cock twitched in Emily's hand. She looked at it and then up at me. I could see fear, excitement, and lust in her eyes.
We couldn't say a word to each other as we were both nervous about what might happen now. The stranger just sat in his van watching us. Emily slowly started stroking my cock while nervously alternating her gaze from me to the stranger. I was doing the same and caught her eyes when she looked up at me. I could tell she was unsure of what to do so I just gave her a calm, knowing nod. She anxiously bit her lip and then slowly began taking my cock back into her mouth. I kept looking at her and back at the stranger. Through the glare on the windshield I could see some movement and soon noticed that the stranger's arm was moving up and down in the van. I gave a nervous half smile as I assumed he or she was enjoying the show. Emily looked at the van and must have noticed something similar because she began stroking and sucking my cock more aggressively and more vigorously. I was loving every second of it as she sucked me off with a stranger watching us. She looked up at me as she took my whole shaft into her mouth and then pulled her head away.
"I want you to fuck me," She said as she continued stroking my hard cock.
"Oh God yes," I replied.
Emily didn't need any other words. She quickly got to her feet and bent over in front of me. I lifted her skirt, exposing her shaved pussy. I rubbed her mound and pushed my fingers inside of her. She was already soaking wet, no doubt from the stranger watching us. I looked over at the van and could just barely make out the person's arm still moving. I removed my fingers from Emily's pussy and lined my cock up with her slit. She moaned as I slowly pushed my rod deep inside of her. She pushed against me to get it as deep as possible as I thrust my cock inside of her. She began moaning and pushing against me more as I began thrusting. I went harder and faster with each thrust, wanting to put on a good show for the stranger. Emily reached back and began rubbing her clit and my balls as I pounded her pussy. She began moaning and calling out my name as she began to cum on my cock. We had no way of knowing if the stranger's window was down, but I wanted them to hear her moans. She started pounding her pussy and ass against me as her orgasm grew and coursed through her body. I kept thrusting in and out of her, over and over, harder and faster. I began to sweat in the mild weather and saw a couple drops fall onto Emily's ass and skirt. I reached out to grab her ample breasts and pulled the top of her dress down beneath them. Her tits dangled freely in the open air, no doubt finally visible to the stranger. I looked over at the van as I continued pounding and began squeezing Emily's nipples. She moaned louder in pleasure as her orgasm finally reached it's peak. I could feel her juices flow around my cock. A few small drops dribbled down her leg as my cock thrust deep inside of her.
"Yes, yes, fuck me," Emily screamed, loud enough for the van to hear, "I want it in my ass."
I kept pounding away at her pussy and pinched at her stiff nipples. Her orgasm subsided as my cock stretched her pussy lips and filled her wet slit. I brought my hands back to her waist and slowly pulled my hard cock out of her eager pussy. She turned her head back to look at me. I pushed her hips down a little to line my cock up with her ass. I spit in my hand and rubbed it around my head and shaft to lube it up before slowly pushing it into her tight ass. I had to go slow because of how tight it was and Emily winced in pain. Her moans mixed with slight yelps of pain and pleasure. I was soon entirely in her ass. I held her hips to pull her into me and began to slowly pull out. I started to push in and out of her tight hole. She began to loosen up and was soon matching my slow, deliberate thrusts with thrusts of her own. I began going faster and faster as I looked at the stranger in the van. They seemed to be playing with themselves more vigorously as I pounded Emily's ass. She took every inch of my cock over and over again and moaned in pleasure. She wanted it more and more as her thrusts against me got harder and faster. She was looking over at the stranger as she began moaning louder and louder again. I kept pounding harder and harder into her ass. I kept fucking her hard and deep as I again reached up to fondle her dangling tits. I pinched at the nipples and forcefully squeezed her breasts as I made her take my hard shaft. Her moans got louder and faster and she called out my name. I reached up and grabbed her by the hair, lightly pulling it against me. She began to cum with my cock deep into her ass. Emily pushed hard against each of my thrusts, getting it deeper and deeper. She screamed out my name and begged me to keep fucking her ass. I felt my cock get even harder and my balls tighten as I Emily came once again.
"Oh shit, I'm going to cum!" I exclaimed, hoping the stranger could hear me.
Emily's orgasm peaked once again as I pounded her ass and watched the stranger's arm furiously moving up and down in the van. I could tell that I too was going to cum soon, but not quite yet, I wanted the stranger to see it. I thrust hard and fast into Emily's ass as she came. She reached back to rub her clit as I fucked her and I could feel my balls slap against her fingers. She vigorously rubbed her pussy to intensify her orgasm even more. She screamed and moaned so loud I wondered if any drivers on the road could hear her. I knew the stranger in the van could. As her orgasm subsided mine was reaching it's apex. I quickly yanked my cock out of her ass and quickly turned her around. I pushed her to her knees as I stroked my cock. As soon as she was on her knees I began to shoot my cum. I aimed my cock at her face as the first shot went over her head and into the dead leaves. The next cumshot hit her forehead and got into her hair a little bit. The next one dropped between her eyes and oozed over her nose and into her closed left eye. I kept oozing cum and dribbled it onto her lips and chin. I had never cum that much and soon she seemed to be nearly covered in my semen. She took every drop of my cum onto her face and turned her face towards the stranger's van. She wiped the cum from her left eye so she could open it and licked it off her fingers, all while watching the stranger. I looked over and the stranger's arm was furiously moving up and down. It suddenly slowed, but kept going. I assumed they had cum from the erotic display we had given them.
Emily left the rest of the cum on her face and looked up at me. We looked at each other for only a couple seconds but it felt like an eternity. We didn't know whether the stranger would leave or if we should just walk past them back to my car. I decided to walk past the van to the car and picked Emily off the ground. She began to reach up to wipe the cum off her face but I grabbed her hand to stop her. I shook my head at her and she gave me a nervous but knowing and seductive smile, knowing that I wanted the stranger to get a good look at my cum on her face. She pulled her skirt down and we walked back to the car. As we walked past the van we both got a good look at the person inside. He was a normal looking, middle aged man. Not too ugly, not too attractive. He gave us a half smile as we walked up. His windows were down and we were sure that he heard every noise and scream. I unlocked the car and we walked to the doors.
"Thanks for the show," the stranger said.
We both gave awkward, nervous nods and chuckles in reply before climbing in my car. We sat down and I looked over at Emily. She was staring at me and smiling. I was amazed at how sexy she looked with my cum oozing down her face. We smiled at each other and I started the car and backed out without looking at the stranger. I pulled up to get back on the highway and noticed that the stranger's van was behind me. Emily wiped the cum off her face with her fingers and put it all in her mouth, swallowing every drop. For a brief second I was nervous that he was following me as I got an opening and pulled onto the highway headed back to Philly. I looked in my mirror and saw him pull onto the highway going the other way. Neither me or Emily every saw the man again, but we were more than happy to give him one hell of show. We hope to be caught again one day.