My wife Erin and I didn't usually do much Valentine's Day celebrating, I think it is pretty corny and Erin doesn't care one way or another, but this year it fell on a Friday so we really had no excuse not to at least get out of the house. We decided to go out for dinner and drinks and see where the night took us.
Our dinner reservations were at 7pm at a nice Asian fusion restaurant near our house. As usual, I was ready well in advance and had the pleasure of watching my wife get ready. She stepped out of the shower and gave me a coy smile. We have been married for 5 years, but my mouth still drops when I see her completely nude. Erin is 5'10", with an athletic, curvy build and perfect 36C breasts. She is one year older than me at 32, but her short curly hair makes her seem 5 years younger. I'm a fairly good looking guy, but I am proud to say my beautiful wife way outclasses me.
"Damn," I managed. She stood in front of me drying her hair as I stared at her slightly reddened body from her warm shower. Her dark pink nipples were puffy from the heat, and clean pussy was looking welcoming. I have always preferred a shaved vagina, and Erin took it to the next level by having laser hair removal from the front to her asshole. I loved it.
"You like?" Erin replied with a giggle. "I'm excited for our date tonight!"
"Yeah, me too. Are we going underwear free?" Recently, I have been able to get the more exhibitionist side of my wife to come out, and I tried to encourage her every chance I had.
"Sure!" She replied enthusiastically, causing my semi erect cock to stretch to its full six inches under my jeans. She then nodded at my crotch, "only if you are too."
"Of course. So, I was thinking after dinner we could go to Sensations," I suggested.
"What's Sensations?"
"It's a sex shop just a couple miles from where we are having dinner."
"What do you want to do there?" She asked mischievously.
"I thought we could get some new toys and maybe have you try on some sexy clothes."
"Sounds fun. We could take some of those sexy pictures you like too," she said with a shake of her voluptuous breasts.
"Haha, I wish," I replied, assuming she was joking.
"No, I'm serious."
"Yeah, if you're up for some pictures you know it always gets me excited," I said through a suddenly dry mouth.
"Not for the website this time, only for your personal collection! Now go downstairs and let me finish getting ready so we can get to the restaurant in time for dinner."
She gave me a quick kiss, which then turned more passionate as she pressed her body against mine. I grabbed her ass and pressed my erect member against her exposed clean vagina.
"Not yet! Now get downstairs husband."
***
I waited on the couch reading a magazine while Erin got ready. After about 15 minutes I heard her coming down the stairs. I got up and starting walking over as Erin came around the corner. She looked absolutely stunning! She was wearing small black heels that accentuated her toned legs. Her short black one piece dress hugged her curves and cut low enough to show a good amount of cleavage while still looking classy. The dress left no doubt that she had nothing on underneath. I watched her walk over, her perky tits bouncing slightly with each step, puffy nipples outlined under the soft fabric.
"Sweetheart, you look amazing!"
"Thanks babe. Not too revealing?"
"No way, absolutely perfect. You should show off your beautiful body like that all the time."
"You're sweet," Erin replied with a quick kiss.
We hopped in the car, and 10 minutes later we were pulling into the restaurant parking lot. It was a cool night, and as we stepped out of the car Erin gave a little shiver.
"A little colder than I thought it was going to be," I admitted. I put my arm around Erin's shoulder and she snuggled up against my side. I stole a glance out of the corner of my eye and saw her nipples were now hard and poking out through her dress.
"That's ok, let's just hurry inside."
We stepped into the restaurant and as it was our first time here gave the place a quick look over. It was a small place with about a dozen tables and a small sushi bar. We waited in the front while the maitre d cleared off our table in the corner. The guys facing our direction at their tables were sneaking glances at my wife while their dates weren't paying attention. Something always made me feel good knowing that I was with the best looking woman in the room.
For dinner we split a few different sushi rolls and a lot of sake. Since I was driving I was pacing myself with the alcohol, but I can't say the same for Erin. Ever since our trip to Japan she had fallen in love with sake, and she usually drank enough for two. I could tell it was having an effect on her as she started getting more giggly, slurring some of her words, and the piece de resistance- dropping a piece of sushi from her chopsticks off her chest.
"Whoops," she laughed as she cleaned the soy sauce off her cleavage. "I think it's time we got out of here and head to Sensations."
We paid the check, took one more sip of sake and headed to the sex shop.
***
Sensations was hopping that night, I guess a lot of people decided to make a stop there this Valentine's.
"What do you want to do first?" I asked Erin as we stepped through the door and looked around the store.
"Hmm..." Erin tapped her upper lip with her pointer finger in a playful thinking pose. "I think we should look at toys first, and lingerie second."
"That works for me. This way my dear."
I led Erin over to the side of the store where all the sex toys were on display. In one section were rows upon rows of dildos, vibrators and other toys for women. Next to them was a small column of butt plugs, apparently bridging the gap between female and male items. On the other side of the plugs about half the size of the dildo section were pocket pussies, cock rings, and other toys for men. Erin stood in front of the dildos and rubbed her hands together.
"Where to begin, where to begin?" Her eyes gazed across the wide selection of dildos. She picked one off its peg and held it in my direction. It had about the same dimensions as my forearm with my hand making a fist. "Does this intimidate you?"
"Not at all," I laughed. "In fact, I would love to see you try to use that."
"Are you kidding?" Erin held the giant dildo in front of her crotch. "I'm pretty sure this would tear me open all the way to my stomach. I'm disturbed anyone would be able to use this thing!"
"Alright, so what are you interested in?"
"I don't know. I'm not sure if I really need anything." Erin had two vibrators back at home of differing sizes. Before we got married she had never masturbated, but after some convincing on my part she had finally decided to give it a try. She was uncomfortable and unsure of herself at first, but she kept trying and little by little she started to enjoy it. After she got used to her fingers we bought a vibrator the size of a long tube of lipstick and a year later another one with a rabbit poking out of one side to stimulate her clit. As I started travelling more often her newfound self-pleasuring talents were put into use more frequently and she became more confident with it. A part of me was proud of the fact that I was the inspiration behind her masturbating. Plus, I had the pleasure of her masturbating for me.
I surveyed the vast selection and my eyes caught on a small bullet vibrator with the word "Wireless" in bold letters across the front. I pulled it off the peg and read the back. It had a four speed remote control that was good from 20 feet away. My mind began to race with the possibilities of what I could do with this magnificent device. I handed it to Erin. "What do you think about this?"
My wife looked at the bullet and raised an eyebrow questioningly. "Do I put the whole thing inside me?" Her two other toys were both larger than the mini bullet.
"Yeah you can put the whole thing inside you and then I can use the remote to turn it on and off."
"Interesting..."
"It could be fun," I said, trying to persuade her.Hopefully the alcohol will make her a little more amenable."You could put it in before we go out drinking or dancing and I could use it throughout the night. By the time we got home you'd be ready to rip my clothes off. It's only sixty bucks."
"Ok, let's give it a try and see what happens."
"Cool, I'll go pay for it before we go into the changing room so they don't think we're trying to steal it or something." I went to the cash register and paid for the bullet with my credit card. The cashier up sold me and I ended up getting a small bottle of toy cleaner too. I had no idea if it was really necessary, but I figured it couldn't hurt. The cashier put both items in a black Sensations bag, and I went back to my waiting wife.
"Alright, let's find some outfits," Erin said as she walked over to the clothing section. As we browsed I was impressed with the amount of different lingerie hanging from dozens of racks. "What do you want me to try on?"
"Umm, I don't care. Whatever you want," I replied, suddenly feeling a little unsure of myself. I had eyed a few see-through teddies, but I didn't want to push Erin to try something on she wasn't comfortable with, especially as I was hoping to get some good pictures in the changing room. I decided to let her set the tone.
"How about this?" She asked as she held up a red bustier. In her drunkenness she knocked over four other bustiers, but her clumsiness didn't make the moment any less of a turn on.
"Yeah, that looks pretty sexy." It wasn't exactly what I was hoping for, but I had to admit it would look pretty great on her. I grabbed a red lacy thong and held it up. "This to go with it?"
"Ugh no," Erin said as she crinkled her nose. "I'm not wearing any underwear, so I'm not going to put any unclean undies on my sugarbox. Gross."
"Oh sorry." I felt dumb.
"It's ok... this should work!" She held up a tiny red and black checked skirt that flared out slightly at the bottom. It looked like it wouldn't cover half her juicy ass.
Yeah, that'll work.
We strolled through the aisles with Erin continuing to ask me to pick something out and me continuing to shrug my shoulders. On our second trip around she stopped at the teddies I had been looking at.
"These are hot." She picked out one white and one black teddy. They had similar lace, and most importantly were see through at the breasts. She picked out a tight black leather skirt and a white sheer miniature tutu. "Alright let's head to changing room."
An employee with a "Carl" nametag opened the changing room door for us and counted the number of articles of clothing Erin brought in.
"I'll wait out here, just call me when you're ready," I told her.
As Erin got changed Carl started folding clothes on a small table next to the changing area. After a few minutes she called out, "husband, I'm ready."
I opened the door just enough to frame my body in the doorway. Inside, Erin was wearing the red bustier and red and black skirt. Her hands were on her hips, one leg flared out, and a sexy look on her face. I watched her for a few moments as she swayed back and forth slightly, the alcohol still having a strong effect on her.
"Ooo, looking good!"
"You like?"
"Abso-fucking-lutely."
Erin turned around and I could see the bottom of her ass cheeks under the skirt. I couldn't help myself and I reached out and grabbed two handfuls.
"Hey!" Erin said as she spun and slapped my hands away. "None of that mister."
"Haha, sorry. I think I need to take some pictures of this hotness. Can you grab the camera?"
Erin turned and bent over to get into her purse. As she did, the skirt slid up her hips and her ass was fully on display. I could see her smooth lips seeming to smile at me from between her legs. She handed me the camera and started modeling.
"These are great," I said as I started shooting away. She struck a few different poses, then lifted the front of her skirt giving me a perfect view of her pussy. I felt my dick grow rigid. "Gorgeous babe!"
Erin smiled at me wickedly, then slipped two fingers into her sex. I took a couple full body and a couple close ups and her hand moved slowly inside her. She pulled out her fingers and sucked on them, knowing it drives me crazy when she tastes herself.
"Fuck me," I managed.
"Not yet! Now scoot, time for the next outfit."
I backed out of the changing room as Erin shut the door behind me. I was looking through the photos on the small digital display when Carl came over.
"What do you got there?" He asked.
I looked over at Carl unsure of what to say. "Some pictures of my wife."
"Nice."
My mind was running circles.I know what I want to do, but should I? Fuck it."You want to see?"
"Yeah!" Carl exclaimed, clearly he had been waiting for me to ask the question. He quickly paged through the photos. "Dude, your wife is hot."
"Thanks man." Carl handed me the camera and I could see the last picture he had up was a close-up of my wife fingering herself.
"Hubby," called Erin, "I'm ready."
"Coming," I called back. Then to Carl, "stand right here, you can get to see the real thing."
I opened the door wider this time and saw my wife standing in front of me in the see-through black teddy and tiny leather skirt. She smiled first, then noticed Carl standing behind and to the side of me.
"Bradley!" She exclaimed as she covered her breasts with her hands. "That guy can see me!"
"It's ok. He works here and said he needed to make sure we weren't stealing anything since he saw me sneak in earlier," I lied. "Plus, he said he sees things like this all the time. No big deal."
"Don't you have security cameras pointed over here for that?" She called over to Carl.
"No," Carl answered. "We only have them above the registers, nothing in this direction."
"Well..." I could see her thinking it through and examining the ceiling to see if Carl was telling the truth. I hoped that alcohol would relax her inhibitions. "I guess since he works here it's ok."
Erin resumed her modeling. Her nipples were on display to me and Carl. I watched as her nipples tightened from puffy silver dollars to hard little half dollars. My wife was clearly getting very aroused. She turned her back to us and lifted her skirt, showing us her plump little ass. I glanced back at Carl and saw him adjusting his crotch. I could see his erection through his pants, he was clearly very turned on too. "These are great Erin," I said from behind the camera.
"Yeah they are," Carl added.
Erin looked surprised for a second as if she had forgotten he was standing there. I was afraid she would have second thoughts, but after a brief pause she got back into it. She faced me and traced circles on her nipples over the thin material, biting her lip seductively.
"Alright, time for the next outfit."
"Wait," I stopped her. "We need to take another front picture like before."
Erin looked uncertain and glanced to my side at Carl. There was no doubt that he would be able to see everything. She looked back into my eyes and I gave her a slight nod. She slowly lifted the front of her skirt, showing her gorgeous pussy to me and Carl. Erin gently rubbed her clit with one hand, massaged a breast with the other, closed her eyes and let out a deep breath. I watched as a red nailed polished finger disappeared inside her. My heart skipped a beat as my brain processed what was happened.My wife is masturbating in front of another man, and she's liking it!
After a few moans and a dozen pictures, Erin opened her eyes and let the skirt drop back down, barely covering her now dripping pussy.
"Next outfit," she stated. She gave me a kiss with plenty of tongue, her mouth tasted like a mixture of sake and her own juices. She gave me a gentle push backward and closed the door with a wink.
I looked back at Carl who was staring at the closed door. He looked stunned with his mouth hanging open. I noticed that the store was getting crowded behind him. A handful of guys were not so subtly pretending to look at lingerie but really looking at my wife's changing room.Had all these guys been watching?My mind began to imagine what people could see from different angles in the store when Carl interrupted my thoughts.
"Hey, uh, can, uh..."
"What Carl?"
"Can I take the pictures next time?"
This question took me completely off guard and I looked at him blankly, unsure of what to say. "Sure, I guess."
Carl's face lit up as he snatched the camera from my hand. He stood at the door anxiously bouncing up and down like a kid waiting to go downstairs on Christmas Eve. I noticed that he was standing off to the side of the doorway. When the door opened my wife would be completely exposed to the entire store. I looked over my shoulder and noticed that the group of guys had slowly made their way closer to the changing area.
"Ready," came my wife's voice.
Carl looked back at me, raising his eyebrows asking for permission one last time. I gave him a smile and nodded yes. Carl took a deep breath, reached forward, and opened the door. My wife was in the white teddy and white skirt, both sheer enough that they were completely see-through. She might as well have been naked. Her perfect breasts were on display, punctuated by her hard, dark pink nipples. It was a good look.
Erin was confused when she saw I was standing 8 feet away and didn't have a camera in my hands. She looked to the side and saw Carl already snapping away. She smiled at him, then grabbed her tits, shoving them together and making them look even bigger than her already ample C cups. I wasn't sure how much of this was because she was drunk, but at this point I didn't care.
I started rubbing my hard-on through my pants, but stopped when out of the corner of my eye I noticed the other guys were now standing even with me. I looked back at my wife who was striking poses for Carl. "What do you want me to do now?" She asked him.
"I want you to pull out your boobs," Carl said excitedly.Did he really just say boobs? What is he, seven?My wife did as instructed, pulling the thin material down and to the side of each of her tits. "Now lick your nipples." Again, Erin complied bringing first her left, then her right nipple up to her tongue.
Carl then crouched down and started taking pictures up her skirt. It wasn't really necessary since you could see her pussy through the skirt, but it was a good angle so I wasn't going to object.
"Perfect snatch," Carl said. Erin smacked him lightly on the head.
"I don't like that word," she scolded playfully.
"Sorry." Carl looked down like puppy who just got yelled at for peeing on the floor.
"It's ok hun," my wife replied sweetly. She lifted his chin and gave him a quick peck on the forehead. "Well, that's the last of it," she declared. I heard a chorus of boos around me and noticed that the crowd had swelled. There were now at least a dozen guys and even a couple girls watching the show. Erin glanced around the crowd, blew a kiss, and began closing the door behind her.
"Wait!" Carl called out. "Just one more outfit, pleeeease."
"I guess that would be ok, go pick one out for me."
Carl practically sprinted into a section of the store labeled 'Dancer's Corner.' He came back with a tiny bit of red mesh with holes throughout. It looked like it would barely fit a 10 year old.
"Got it," he told Erin. She opened the door, and for a brief moment my wife was standing completely naked before she grabbed the tiny dress and closed the door behind her. I had to move forward a couple steps to stay in front of the crowd that was now pushing closer to the changing room. I noticed a guy standing next to meet holding up his cell phone, clearly wanted to capture this moment. I glared in his direction until he noticed me and I shook my head. He held up his hand apologetically and put his phone back in his pocket. I looked around the rest of the room and didn't see anyone else playing photographer.Good,I thought, it doesn't leave this room.
After a minute, my wife opened the door wearing the red stripper mesh. The fabric was stretched tightly around her body, but barely covered anything. There were two large holes her perfect breasts stuck out of, and the bottom didn't even cover the top of her pussy lips. A murmur of approval spread through the crowd.
"Do I make a good stripper?" Erin asked Carl.
"Oh yeah!"
"Let me show you my moves." My wife used the doorframe like a stripper uses the pole. She leaned back against it, hands over her head and slowly slid down. Her legs spread wide open, giving everyone a clear view of her pussy, it was nearly dripping with excitement. She rubbed her pussy lips with her right hand as she seductively bit the pointer finger on her left. She then stood back up, and turned her ass to the crowd. She bent down at the waist, touching her toes and causing her cheeks to spread and show everyone her smooth pussy. She shook her ass slightly, giving it the perfect stripper jiggle. A woman behind me gave my wife a cheer.
Erin stood up, pointed at me saying "you, now." She gave a quick wave and courtesy to the crowd of almost 20 people, they rewarded her effort with a round of applause. As I walked into the changing room I looked at Carl and nodded my head sideways to the door, welcoming him in with us.
As soon as I crossed the threshold my wife threw herself against me, shoving her tongue into my mouth. The door closed behind me, and Erin and I looked back to see not only Carl but two other guys that had come in as well. Erin was unfazed as she went back to kissing me and starting to work on my belt. In a flash she had my pants around my ankles and was jerking me off frantically. I was already about to cum from watching her performance, so I turned her around and bent her over against the wall. Her stripper dress needed no adjustment, and I easily slipped into her soaking wet vagina. She moaned, "yessss." I began fucking her from behind, not too fast because otherwise I knew I wouldn't last two minutes.
I looked to my left and saw that each of the guys in the room had dropped their pants and were stroking their erect members. The first two guys were about average size, but Carl was something else entirely. He was easily eight inches, and as thick as a cucumber. His purple head was pointed at my wife as he pumped away.
Erin also looked over at our company, her gaze froze and her eyes went wide when she saw Carl's cock. "Shit."
I continued fucking my wife from behind as she stared at Carl's cock.
"Oh yeah, fuck me harder. Fuck me harder," Erin nearly screamed, as her ecstasy escalated.
I heard a grunt and saw that the middle guy had shot his seed onto the floor, quickly followed by the guy nearest the door. Carl had slowed down his stroke as he apparently was trying to make this moment last as long as possible.
Erin began throwing her ass backwards with each thrust, her pussy begging my dick to go harder and deeper.
The two strangers pulled up their pants and slipped out the door, leaving it just slightly ajar behind them. I saw faces leaning into the small opening to get a view of the action.
"Do you wish this was you Carl?" My wife asked, still not taking her eyes off his cock.
"Fuck yes!"
"I bet you could fuck me pretty good with that huge cock."
My wife's comment pushed Carl over the edge. He began masturbating furiously, and with a grunt shot his semen across the room. It leapt from his dick and hit my wife in the thigh. This caused her to immediately began cumming, and her clenching pussy brought me to the pinnacle as well. I shot my load deep inside her, and after having a constant erection for so long it felt like my balls emptied a full gallon into my wife's sex.
"Fuuuuuuuck!" Erin yelled as her massive orgasm took complete control over her senses. She crossed her arms on the wall in front of her and leaned her head forward, finally taking her eyes off Carl's dick. She was panting, her whole back looked flushed, and her legs were twitching.
Erin looked back over at Carl who began pulling up his pants.
"Stop," my wife interrupted.
She pulled herself off my dick with a sucking sound, dropping my spent seed onto the floor. She walked over to Carl and held his now slightly shrinking cock in her hand.
"Very nice Carl," my wife said as she gave his cock two quick squeezes.
"Thanks," Carl said breathily. Erin let go of his dick, and Carl finished pulling up his pants. He left the room and closed the door behind him, ending the show for those still watching.
Erin walked over to her purse, pulled out a tissue, and wiped Carl's cum off her leg. She gave me a kiss on the lips, "Happy Valentine's Day husband."
"Happy Valentine's Day wife."