We used to live in a house where across the street were just fields. At the far end of our street was a busy road then more fields with a paved walking path through them. There was a street that somewhat paralleled the path but wasn't too close. The path wandered and there we a couple of covered picnic areas and play areas along its path. My wife Jill and I would often walk down to the path and walk the length of it then come home by a different path. The round trip was about a two mile walk.
A little about myself. I have three piercings down the front of my scrotum that are in what is called a ladder. I have various different jewelry that I wear and trade off. One set I sometimes wear is a barbell that has a loop or stirrup that hangs from it and I'll wear one set in each piercing. One day Jill jokingly said "We should connect a leash to those and I'd take you for a walk." We both laughed.
It was summer so we would go for walks in the late evening after it had cooled off. A few days after our little laugh I suggested that we go for a walk one evening. The sun had just gone down so it was cooler. Jill eagerly agreed. I told her I needed to make a quick bathroom stop and that I'd meet her outside on the porch. When I came out, she turned to walk down the steps but I stopped her and put something in her hand. She looked confused then looked down and saw that she was holding a retractable leash. A look of comprehension crossed her face as she looked over at me and saw the other end of the leash coming out of my open zipper! She smiled and said "Let's go."
We walked down our street across the busy road and onto the walking path with my wife leading the way. As we walked I became more daring. I was going commando and went from just my fly open with the leash coming out to having my cock and balls hanging out with the leash attached. I was wearing tan cargo shorts with a belt. I found that I could undo the button at the top of the shorts and spread them wide open and the belt would keep them up. We stopped walking so that she could check out the leash connection. She fondled my balls and played with the rings. My cock was standing at full attention which she took into her mouth and eagerly sucked. Suddenly she stopped and stood up and said she wanted to keep walking. I pulled her to me and felt in her shorts. She was sopping wet.
We kept walking. Sometimes she would give the leash an extra tug or if I started getting ahead of her or behind her she would lock the leash which would pull me in line. I eventually took my shorts all of the way off and carried them. Occasionally a jogger would come by but it was dark and I would hold the shorts in front of me as they went by.
We finished the first mile and changed over to the other path to head back...

On the way back it was more of the same. The path ran through some fields and was pretty straight. Jill kept playing with the leash and was keeping me in check. After we had gone a ways into the fields she pulled me up short and with the leash attached to my balls made me stop. She then knelt down and started to suck me off using both her talented mouth and hands. I gave her my shorts to kneel on as she went to work. I didn't want to cum yet and we were fairly exposed. Headlights from cars turning on distant roads would occasionally flash across us. Luckily they were too far away to really see anything.
Finally I stopped her and told her we needed to move. Unfortunately there were no trees or anything around other than the tall grass in the fields. I lead her off the path and into the grass then told her it was my turn. I had her pull off her shorts and panties then laid her shorts and mine down for her. I told her to get on all fours then moved around behind her and began to lick up her sweet juices which were almost running down her legs. I was in heaven with her scent and her taste. I lapped eagerly between the folds of her pussy and stuck my tongue as deep as I could inside her and scooped out more of her cream. Then I moved back out. She let out a moan as my tongue found her clit and started swirling around it. I alternately flicked it with my tongue or sucked it into my mouth and stroked it with my flattened tongue. I licked up and down her beautiful pussy and even ventured back to tease he tight asshole sometimes. Her knees had started to hurt from kneeling on the hard ground so she rolled over onto her back and spread her legs wide. I immediately dived in to feast on her some more.
I started by licking inside her thighs and kissing and nipping at the soft skin near her pussy. I sucked on the skin on her inner thigh and left a nice dark mark. My kisses and licks moved closer to her pussy. She was practically pushing her pussy up towards my face begging me to return there. I nibbled and sucked on her outer lips, pulling them into mouth and running my tongue along the inside. Finally I dipped my tongue back in and gave a long slow lick from her opening upwards and across her clit and its shaft. I heard a satisfied "Mmmmmm" from Jill. I moved back down and started playing with her swollen clitoris. At the same time I started rubbing two fingers around the opening to her vagina, teasing the entrance without actually entering. Her hips were bucking up and down trying to fuck my fingers which were so close. I gave her what she wanted and pushed two fingers inside. She was so wet from my tongue and from her own flowing juices that my fingers slid in easily.
I slowing started finger fucking her while I continued to eat her pussy. I curved my fingers up and found that sweet spot that she loves to have rubbed. Jill was breathing heavily and moaning almost constantly though she was trying to be quiet. Then we heard it. The sound of two people walking up the path and talking to each other. I pulled my fingers out much to Jill's frustration but she was also quickly grabbing for her shorts and trying to pull them on. I looked at her and put my fingers in my mouth and sucked them clean. "Yummy" I said as I pulled them out. She gave me a dirty look and got to her feet. Luckily we heard the people from far enough away to give us time to get up and get ourselves together but I wasn't ready to put my shorts back on. I was enjoying the freedom and the feel of the warm evening breeze. We sat down a few feet away from the path and started talking. I had my back to the path and my long golf shirt pulled down covering my naked ass. Again, because it was dark, the two women passed by and didn't notice anything. We told them hello as they walked past and the replied the same back and kept walking.
We had a little giggle and kept talking until they were a safe distance away. Then Jill stood up and found the leash handle and gave a little tug letting me know she was ready to go. She kept hold of the leash and walked me up the path. I had my shirt and shoes on and nothing else. We were going in the same direction as the two women so we followed them. They never looked back and never knew that there was a half-naked man walking behind them being led by his wife who had a leash attached to his balls.
The walking path came out at the back of a dead end road at the back of a small subdivision. The road had houses along the right side and a field on the left. The field continued until it came to the grounds of an elementary school. The dead end part extended a little way past the houses to where it was blocked by two rows of cement barricades with two barricades in each row. There were openings in each of the rows wide enough to allow pedestrians and bicycles to pass through but narrow enough to keep cars out. We started to walk through the first row of barriers when Jill tugged me to the side between the rows. She told me to lean back against one of the barriers with my back to the road. She then got down and took my dick into her mouth and began to make love to me with her tongue. While we were there, a lady came down the road walking her dog. I shifted slightly so I could watch her. I started to get a little nervous as she came closer and closer but she turned and went into a house about three houses away from us. If she even noticed me at all, all she would have seen was someone leaning back against one of the walls looking out over the fields.
I was disappointed when Jill pulled her mouth off my cock after just a few minutes, leaving me sticking straight out and wanting more. We walked along the left side of the road by the field. I still had the wonderful taste of her in my mouth and her scent in my nose. I made sure to keep my shorts ready since we were now around houses and there were street lights. When we came to the fence at the school grounds I decided it was time to put my pants back on though I wished I didn't have to but I did keep them wide open like I had done before. We made it to the end of the street and back to the busy road that we had crossed when we first started out. We were back in our own subdivision but still a few streets away from where we lived. Now there were houses down both sides of the street but we kept walking and Jill kept my balls on a short leash. Every once in a while she would reach over and give my cock a few strokes, just enough to keep me hard.
We made it through the subdivision without incident, though Jill had to walk close in front of me a couple of times to shield me from the headlights of oncoming cars but we never stopped walking. When we got to our house Jill started to head towards the front door but I took her hand and led her around the side of the house and into the backyard. Because the backyard was only partially fenced and because of the terrain there was little to no privacy. That didn't deter me. I led Jill over to where three wooden steps and a small wooden porch led up to the back door. None of the neighbors' houses around us had back lights on so we were fairly safe. I had her sit on the edge of the porch with her legs dangling off it and had her lie back on her back. I pulled her shorts and panties off very quickly then went straight for her clit with my tongue. She tried hard to hold her moans inside but they still escaped her lips. Quiet ohhs and mmms kept coming out. I replaced my tongue with my thumb and started doing circles on her clit. I pushed three fingers inside her and she let out a gasp of pleasure. I stroked all around inside her; I rubbed her inside walls, her g-spot, and around her cervix. She loves to have her cervix played with.
She could only take so much. She groaned and said "Fuck me." I didn't have to be told twice. I had my shorts off in a second and positioned by cock at the entrance to her pussy. I rubbed myself up and down a few times across her slit then plunged inside. I was balls deep in one stroke. I stayed there not moving as I enjoyed to feel of her surrounding me then started slowly pumping in and out. I could feel the walls of her pussy caressing me. I could feel as my cock bumped into her cervix. I could feel her contract down around me as she squeezed her cunt muscles tight. It was amazing. At some time, our backyard neighbor turned on her back porch light and came out for a smoke. She was too focused on her cigarette and on her cell phone conversation to notice us. When she sat down on her steps we were blocked from her view by the fence. If she had just looked over when she came out her back door, she would have seen us fucking madly on our back porch.
We decided it was time to take it inside. My legs were getting tired because I was having to stand on my tip toes to be high enough to enter her. We didn't bother putting our clothes on but instead just quietly opened the back door and went inside. We headed straight for the bedroom where we quickly stripped off the rest of our clothes and fell onto the bed. There was no preamble. We both just needed to fuck and be fucked which is exactly what we did. Now she didn't have to worry about trying to be quiet as she moaned and grunted. I thrust into her hard and deep and felt myself hitting the back of her vagina. She had found the rope part of the leash and was holding it tight. So tight in fact that I only had enough slack to pull back almost to the opening but not enough to pull out. She wanted me inside of her and was keeping me that way. I leaned over and took one of her nipples in my mouth and began to nurse on it. I sucked and licked and nibbled on it.
Jill's face was flushed and her eyes were closed as the intense feelings built up inside her. She was on the edge. I let go of her nipple so I could reach a hand between us and rub her button as I continued my thrusting. This sent her over the top and she cried out as the first wave of her orgasm hit. I felt her walls spasm around my cock and felt the rush of fluid as she squirted. She twitched and bucked then lay still, her chest heaving as she breathed hard. I paused momentarily to let her catch her breath and enjoy the waves of ecstasy flowing through her. Then she started moving her mound against me signaling me to start going again. It didn't take long for me to feel my own climax building. She sensed this and started coaxing me saying things like "Cum for me baby", "Cum in me", "Fill me up". My balls tightened as cum exploded out of me, filling her up and oozing past my cock and out of her. She milked the last of my cum out of my dick with her pussy muscles as I came down from my high.
I finally pulled out, exhausted. We were both worn out from the long walk, the sexual excitement, the fantastic fuck, and both of our spectacular climaxes. We cuddled together with our sweat covered bodies intertwined and held tightly against each other. Together we quickly fell into a deep and blissful sleep.