I'm so ready for a vacation but not looking forward to the long flight ahead. The airport was crowded, flights were delayed and people were anxious. I contemplated getting something to eat, my own flight having been delayed another hour. I took a seat and started rummaging in my bag looking for gum instead.
"Here, do you want a piece?" I look up to see an older woman, mid-thirties, with dark curly hair smiling at me, her deep brown eyes crinkled. She towers over me in my little airport seat, offering me a piece of gum.
"Oh yes, thanks!" I say with a smile. As I take the gum from her outstretched palm, I feel the heat of her hand on mine.
"Do you mind if I..." she trails off as she gestures to the seat next to me.
"Oh, please go ahead," I say, "my flight was just delayed again." Her sweet scent fills the air surrounding us as she sits down next to me.
She angles her body toward me, "Oh, the flight to Barcelona? I'm on that one too. I'm Aliza."
"Nina," I say, shaking her outstretched hand. It's a firm grip but her skin is soft.
We fill the time waiting for our flight with small talk. She's a lawyer with her own practice, defending human rights for clients all over. A radical, she tells me. I'm an undergrad student, semi-interested in the law but not sure of my future. She's going to Barcelona for work, a last-minute trip, her third time there. I've never been, but I'm looking forward to the food and the wanderlust. We commiserate over the brutal weather in New York this month and the frustrating flight delays.
Her body is angled toward me, our legs occasionally brushing against eachother. We are both wearing leggings, dressed for the comfort of our long flight. My eyes drift down to her mouth as she talks, my attention on her full pink lips. When she is not looking, I sneak a glance at the rest of her. Her full chest in her sweater, her shapely legs folded beneath her.
I don't know what it is about travelling but I am always horny. And today is no exception. I try to keep myself in check while I talk to Aliza.
The announcement comes over the speaker for us to head to our gate, so we walk together. We make pleasantries as we separate in line. "Have a good flight and a nice trip," she says as she makes her way to the premier boarding ahead of me. I wave and smile in return, "You too."
I watch her beautiful dark curls head onto the flight as I stand in line. Then I board the plane and try not to think about her. It's going to be a long flight and I need some sleep.
My eyes scan the rows as I make my way down the aisle, hoping to see her slight smile one more time. I finally see her at a window seat on the left side of the plane, the middle one next to her empty. I smile brightly when I realize that it's my seat. I store my things and settle in next to her.
"What a happy coincidence," she says, her lips curving into a smile. "Here, this flight is long, and I know the middle seat sucks. Let's put this armrest down to give you more space," she says, pushing down the plastic barrier between our bodies.
Without the barrier, our sides and legs touch closely. My t-shirt has ridden up slightly and my bare side presses against the soft material of her sweater. "Don't worry," she says, "I don't mind, you can lean on me." She angles her body so it is against mine, shifting her legs to press closer to me. I lean into her and smell her sweet smell once again.
As the rest of the plane fills and they prepare for take-off, we sit cozily, waiting for things to settle. Once the plane takes off, the lights in the cabin dim completely, enclosing us in darkness. Almost immediately, the guy in the seat next to me on the aisle starts to snore lightly. I roll my eyes at my new companion, Aliza.
She smiles sympathetically and motions for me to take over more of her space. I press even closer to her, cuddled into her seat. My head rolls to rest against her shoulder and I try to close my eyes to will myself to sleep. She puts her left arm around me and squeezes my shoulder, shifting to make me more comfortable.
My eyes close but my mind is wide awake. I can't believe that I'm this close to this beautiful woman, my head buried almost in her breasts. I can't help my thoughts from racing, I want to be in between her thighs so bad. There's no way that I'm going to be able to sleep now, not with these horny thoughts racing in my head. I squeeze my legs together trying to relieve the pressure of my arousal, crossing and uncrossing my legs slightly, trying to get comfortable. I hope she can't smell my wetness like I can.
I look up slightly trying to gauge if she is asleep. Her eyes are softened but not completely closed. I see her clock the movement in my legs and give me a knowing smile.
"Let's get extra cozy," she says, pulling a blanket across our laps. These blankets are small, but she's situated two of them to hide both of our legs. I let my head roll back against her shoulder as she rubs circles aimlessly on my arm. My eyes close again as my legs tighten together one more time. I can feel the heat building, and I don't know how to stop it. I slowly move my right hand between my thighs, pressing against my hand, tightening my legs, trying to get some friction sneakily in the hopes that it will be enough to quench my hunger for now.
I feel her shift and my breath catches. I'm worried that she's caught me, and I've made her uncomfortable, misread the situation. Then I feel her arm, the one that's not around my shoulders, reach over our laps and meet my hand between my legs. She squeezes her hand on top of mine and then pulls my right leg to place it over her left leg so that my legs are open as wide as these little airline seats allow.
I squeeze my eyes closed, not wanting to ruin this moment by waking up. Her hand runs down my center and feels my wetness through my leggings. I hear her intake her breath as she feels me at my core. She starts rubbing three fingers up and down, up and down right through my wet hot center.
My breath quickens, and I listen closely to hear the snoring of the man next to me to know that we are safe, still playing undetected. The left hand that she has around my shoulders pushes us closer together and starts moving toward my chest. I arch slightly to bring her hand completely over my breast. I press into her, my body bowing off the airline seat towards her touch as subtly as possible. She keeps rubbing, feeling my pussy through my pants, feeling my wetness.
Ever so quietly, she says in my ear, "Are you ready?" I nod slightly against her shoulder, my head moving closer and closer to the swell of her breasts. She starts rubbing faster between my legs, going in circles, no longer teasing me but working me toward pleasure through my pants. Fuck, what I'd give to not be wearing pants.
I hold the blanket up with my arm and try to make sure that no one can see what's going on. The man next to me continues snoring as Aliza presses into me, moving faster in circles, my clit tingling and my pussy reacting to her touch. I feel myself come close to orgasm, but I'm scared. I really can't make noise and being quiet is not my strong suit. I really can't wake this man, or anyone else on this plane for that matter.
She keeps going, moving her fingers, faster and faster. She can tell that I'm almost there. She can hear my breathing, feel my pussy quench beneath her touch. She keeps up her pace and my hips move ever so slightly in my seat. Ever so slightly to meet her touch. I stop immediately when I feel my seat shift, hear the sound of the plastic rocking back. But it's too late.
I feel my pussy start to quiver, a tell-tale sign of my orgasm. My peak comes and I feel my orgasm start to overtake me. I bite my lip and clench down to stay quiet. My gasps are muted between my closed lips. My orgasm is powerful, but reserved. She feels my body quiver and then she feels me go slack against her, completely spent. Aliza kisses the side of my head and removes her hand from between my legs. I open my eyes slightly and gaze around, scared that everyone will be staring at me. But the plane is quiet and no one seems to have noticed anything. I settle back in my seat and lean closer into Aliza's body.
"Sweet dreams," she says.