Sasha and Jamie had always love the idea of exhibitionism, especially public sex. The excitement of being watched and the slight fear of being caught was an alluring thought to both of them. They had both been too scared of the consequences of being caught in public by the wrong people. A hefty fine or jail time outweighed the allure of outright public sex.
They had both been slowly getting bolder without even realising it at first. It started with sex which was right in front of a big window which looked out onto a semi busy street. They then started having sex in the garden. Subtle at first, with Sasha sitting on Jamie's lap while wearing a dress to hide their devious activities from anyone who might see between the slats of their fence. This was soon followed by sex out in the open of their garden on a blanket in the middle of the grass. Gradually getting more confident and louder until they weren't hiding it from any passersby or nosy neighbours. Once this had become their new normal they decided it was time to venture out into the public.
It began slow at first. Hands wandering under the table at a dimly lit bar, Jamie's hands exploring under Sasha's shirt on a quiet street, and even Sasha dropping to her knees behind an abandoned building, desperate for Jamie's cock. They had never properly had sex out in public as they were still mildly afraid of being caught by cameras or police and having to face the consequences.
An opportunity arose after the couple decided to take a weekend away to a small village surrounded by forests and lakes. They decided to relax and explore the village on the first day and then head into the forests and follow a trail which was quite popular on the next day.
Sasha and Jamie were both awake early the next day. They were excited to have time away together and explore the beautiful place that they had chose to spend time in. However, they spent the first morning cosied up together in bed chatting about the plans they'd do this weekend. Slowly their conversations got sidetracked. Wandering hands and lingering kisses started to heat up the bedroom. Sasha started slowly grinding up against Jamie. Soft moans intertwined with their kisses. All of a sudden Jamie pulled away and got out of bed despite Sasha's protests.
"I have plans for you today baby but you're just gonna have to wait. Trust me, you'll love it."
His teasing was something that Sasha both loved and hated. She desperately wanted to touch herself. She knew that if she did then Jamie would make her wait even longer for whatever he had planned so she sighed and got out of bed to get ready for the day.
Jamie had planned a leisurely walk along the forest trail and as it was warm but not too difficult of a walk, Sasha decided on a flowy dress to try to keep cool.
They set off on their walk which ended at a lake where they planned to have a picnic. Although it was a popular trail they were following, there were very few people that they saw. After walking for around an hour, taking in the beautiful scenery and quiet surroundings, they decided to stop at a bench to have a short rest. They spoke about the views, their plans for the next few days, and how wonderful it was to get away from civilization for a while.
As their conversation slowed, Jamie put his hand on Sasha's thigh. Innocent at first but slowly caressing, getting higher, and eventually lightly grazing what he thought would be Sasha's panties. It took him a second to realise but she wasn't wearing any. She shot Jamie a hungry look as she leaned in to kiss him. Instant passion in their kisses as if they'd picked up where they left off this morning with no time in between. Sasha moved to straddle Jamie, kissing him all the while. She started to grind her hips, pushing herself into Jamie's growing erection. Their soft moans escalated into heated and passionate ones. Jamie pushed Sasha to her feet and quickly led her forward into the trees just off the path.
Sasha leaned against a tree just off of the path and lifted her dress as an invitation to Jamie. He happily accepted as he dropped to his knees eager to taste her. She let out a loud moan as his tongue traced up her pussy all the way to her clit. As his tongue explored her pussy, savouring her taste and the sound of her moans, Jamie desperately started to unbuckle his belt and unbutton his jeans. Proving harder than he wanted as he only had one hand as he needed one to rest up against the tree. It was unbearable as he just wanted to stroke his cock to alleviate his throbbing erection. After more struggling and moaning into Sasha's pussy in sheer desperation, he got his cock out. Immediately standing up and quickly stroking himself. Hungrily kissing Sasha's neck as he grabbed her hips and turned her around. She immediately backed her ass up onto his cock, grinding herself into him. He grabbed her hips and began thrusting his cock between her ass cheeks. Moaning desperately as if he'd been overtaken by a wild animal in heat. He quickly came to his senses and pushed her away, ready to repay the torture.
He teased her. Slowly tracing his cock over her pussy. Sliding just the very tip into her. Sasha moaned desperately which only fueled Jamie's desire.
"I want to hear how badly you want me. I want to hear you beg for me, for my cock" whispered Jamie.
"Please baby.. I want you to fuck me. I need you inside of me. Please Jamie.." Sasha moaned through laboured breaths.
Jamie continued to slowly tease her. Loving her moans and soft pleads. He pulled away for a second which was met with desperate pleas from Sasha and then he thrust his cock deep inside of her. Sasha let out a small yelp followed by her moans. Jamie started to rhythmically thrust into her, his hands running over her body. One hand traced its way up her torso, lingering over her nipples, finding its way to her throat. He gently squeezed to limit her blood flow and heighten the pleasure for her. His other hand traced its way down her body, finding its resting place on her ass. He spanked her as she let out a loud and desperate moan.
"You like that, huh? You like it when i take control?"
She let out a whimper in agreement. Relishing the feeling of being spanked while he continued to thrust his cock into her. It was almost too much for her. The pleasure was immense and almost overwhelming. She had been using her arms to prop herself up against the tree but managed to reposition herself so she was leaning with one of her arms and the other was making its way down to her pussy. As she reached her clit she turned her head to make eye contact with Jamie.
When she turned her head she froze. There was a woman sitting on the bench just up from them. Jamie noticed the panic in Sasha's eyes and turned to follow her gaze. The woman was young, maybe late 20s or early 30s with long dark hair that almost shimmered in the dying light of day. She was stunning but the panic of being caught overrode the beauty of the stranger that was sitting near them.
After a moment of frozen panic they noticed something else about the stranger. She had a hand down her unbuttoned jeans. She was touching herself while watching them fuck in the middle of these woods. Sasha and Jamie both looked at the stranger who flashed them a coy smile. They looked at each other and immediately knew that they were caught but in the best way possible.
Jamie started to thrust himself back into Sasha who was back to feverish moaning in seconds. Her hand raced back to her clit, desperate to get as close as she was before the disturbance. Jamie grabbed her throat with one hand and continued to spank her with the other. Both of them were getting close to cumming. You could hear it in their moans. Sasha kept glancing back to the stranger, rubbing her clit faster when they made eye contact.
"Oh, you like this? You like being watched? Be a good little slut and cum for me. I want you to keep looking at her while you cum. Do this for me baby."
Sasha's moans were getting louder and her hand faster. Jamie was fucking her harder and thrusting as deep as he could. Moaning into her ear as he knew she loved hearing him more than anything. Sasha tried to turn her head further to look at Jamie but he held her head firmly towards the stranger. She couldn't take it any longer, she was going to cum.
Desperately moaning she held eye contact with the stranger, begging Jamie to make her cum. Her body tensed and she let out a cry of pleasure as she came. The pulsing of her pussy around Jamie's cock was too much. He thrust into her as he came. Gasping and moaning as he grabbed onto Sasha's weakening body.
The two of them almost collapsed into a heap on the forest floor but they managed to catch their knees before they buckled completely. After a minute of gasping for air and residual moans they glanced back to the stranger. She was collapsed in pleasure on the bench. They had been too preoccupied to watch the stranger and were a little upset that they missed the finale. After the stranger had regained her composure, she walked over to them both. Reaching into her pocket she took out a business card and handed it over.
"I'd love to see the show again next time. I could even help out if you'd like to go that far. Either way, call me."
As she walked away, Sasha and Jamie looked down to the business card and found that the stranger's name was Anna. Sasha broke the silence.
"We should invite her next time. The three of us in public sounds perfect and who knows who else will find us."
"So there will be a next time then? Anything for you baby."