After divorcing my very hot blonde wife of 29 years old, we still lived in the same two floor house for some months. We had a very tidy and calm break up, and both knew it was the right thing to do. Values were too different. So we decided that she sleep upstairs in the bedroom, and I sleep downstairs in a room with that had an open staircase between the two floors.
What struck me when lying in bed there was that I could see part of the mirrored door of one of the wardrobe closets upstairs, which are standing next to the staircase. So whenever my ex came home she had to pass the closets, and often using them for her jackets or shoes. Hmmm... My mind started plotting. This means she could see through the mirror and down on to the bed where I slept. Yet she could only see from my feet up to my chest. My face was out of view. This meant I could pretend that I couldn't see her watching me laying there in bed. Perfect!
Being somewhat of an exhibitionist and voyeurist (not the creepy disgusting type who deliberately shows off to people) I imagined the perfect setup, and put it to life.
Since I knew my ex's iCloud account password I could log in to Find my iPhone and see her location. Not that I ever really cared where she was, and I would only be happy if she would find someone new. But I could see when she was approaching the house, and when I should get ready, so to speak.
I was prepared and all set up. Logging on and seeing her as a blue dot on the map on the road towards the house made my heart race, and the dick tingle in anticipation. Next I set up a GoPro camera with WiFi in a bookshelf next to the wardrobe, so I could watch her from my Tablet in bed. I hid the camera inside a black sock that had a small hole in it for the lens, and since the bookshelf was black it was almost impossible to spot. Then I went down, quickly took my clothes off and hurried into bed while jerking off to make my dick hard for her to see.
To make it all seem to happen by chance I had a laptop in bed with porn, and plugged in some large headphones with the sound just loud enough to be audible from upstairs. This also meant that if she would talk to me from upstairs to tell me something, as she often did, then I could pretend not to hear, and she would have to move closer to the Mirror to check if I was really downstairs...
I was ready, dick hard and throbbing and the glans shining with my spit for her visual delight. I heard the keys rattle and the lock turn. I almost came from excitement and anticipation. "Click, clack, click, clack" her high heels on the floor... I can see her now on the camera via my Tablet. "David!"... I say nothing. "David?"... Silence... I almost explode. She moves in, she obviously knows that she can see if I'm there through the mirror. And she beholds the sight, of me lying in bed with my above average trained body, jerking off my above average size dick, pretending like I don't know she's there.
She stops moving, staring through the mirror. She must hear the porn moaning from the big headphones, and must think that I can't hear her. She backs up a step or two, to "hide" herself more from the mirror. And keeps standing still, just watching, pretending she is not there. I almost can't hold it anymore and stop jerking to extend the time before I come. I put some more spit on the tip of my dick. Then I continue jerking off. Ten seconds later I cum alot all over myself, I saved up sperm for this moment for five days. Really intense orgasm.
She watched it all, then I saw she slowly and silently back away, still pretending like nothing. I waited five minutes before coming upstairs, with my clothes on, but holding my boxers in my hand, full of sperm after cleaning up, I acted moderately surprised, yet unaffected to see her. I threw my boxers in the dirty laundry bin. She must have known it was full of sperm. She just had a small smile when she saw me, still pretending like nothing. But she didn't know she was a voyeur, voyeured.
I still watch the videos of her sometimes, and jerk off while thinking of the whole situation, and looking at her looking at me. I did it on a few other occasions before we moved apart, usually when she was already in the house, or on her way out. Sometimes we had normal conversation while I held my hard cock, pausing from masturbation, and talking to each other from our different floors, both pretending we could only hear each other. But I knew she was staring at my dick, because I could see her on the camera.
I checked her logs occasionally and she watched porn almost daily. Alot of gang bang porn, and anal mostly. We had a lot of anal in the beginning first years of our 5 year relationship. One time, a while after I saw her glance at my cock through the mirror as she walked by there was some noise or alarm from the outside which clearly could not have come from me. She used the opportunity to come back and ask if it was me who made that sound. I could see her moving into position to look at my penis. Later that day I checked her laptop and could see she had been watching porn just before she came to look at me.
For a while after I thought too bad we never had sex after the divorce, but in another way I think it was right. It would have made it more difficult for both. But at least we had some exiting mutual voyeurist experiences, that still makes me cum sometimes as a fantasy. And I have some really nice hard core porn pictures of her to fantasise about. I have a new girlfriend, but sometimes I revert to the old fantasies. Doesn't harm anyone, and I can't complain!