[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
*****
Ron had his face pressed hard into Valerie's sopping wet pussy. As he rocked his head back and forth, grinding his nose across her tender little clit, he drove his tongue as deep into the soft wet folds of his wife's pussy as he could get it.
With her eyes closed, head thrown back, and a sensitive nipple being pinched and stretched in the fingers of each of her hands, Val moaned in pure sexual pleasure as she lay on the bed.
"Fuck me!" she commanded without opening her eyes. "Get up there and shove that hard cock up my cunt hole and fuck the hell out of me! Pound my hot fucking pussy with your cock!"
Ron loved it when his wife started spewing whole sentences of profanity, rather than just "Fuck me," or "Eat my pussy," or "Suck my tits." It meant that she was super hot, and that meant that her physical resistance to some of the things that he really like to do would drop way down.
During "regular" sex, for instance, she couldn't deep throat him. But when she was super hot, her gag reflex was somehow overridden by her sex drive, and he could fuck her in the mouth until his balls mashed against her chin.
The same was true for her tiny little asshole. Normally, he couldn't even get the head of his dick into her sphincter before the pain of stretching had her pushing him away. When she was on fire, though, she was able relax her ass muscles, and take him all the way into her guts.
Val's super hot moods only happened a few times a year—usually when there had been a lot of alcohol involved. But it appeared that tonight was one of those, even though they had only had a glass of wine with dinner at the restaurant. Ron was certainly not going to question his wife's motivation, though!
Ron got up on his knees and crawled forward, his rigid dick leading the way to his wife's dripping pussy. Without needing to use his hand, he lined the pre-cum-wet head up with Val's cunt hole, and moved forward to slide it in.
As his hard cock penetrated deep into the hot, silky tunnel of his wife's pussy, he leaned over, and gave her a hot open-mouth tongue-tangling kiss. Barely breaking the contact of their lips, he whispered into her mouth, "How do you like the taste of your hot pussy juice on my face?"
She gave him a lap all around his mouth, and said, "I fucking love the taste of my own cunt juice! After you fuck me, I'm gonna suck every drop of it off your hard cock while you fuck my mouth!"
It was just what he wanted to hear ... on many levels!
He began fucking her hard, using all of the moves in his repertoire. He fucked her from above in a push-up position, then low from a squat. He rocked left and right, and rotated his hips, trying to get his stiff cock to poke and prod every square inch of the inside of her cunt.
As he hammered away at her pussy, Val reached down and began to play with her clit. Gentle circular rubs at first, but as she enjoyed the feel of her husband's cock probing every sensitive spot inside her cunt, she began rubbing harder, until she was grinding her fingers into the little nub as hard as she could.
As he continued fuck her hard and fast, Ron watched Val close her eyes tight, clench her teeth, and start to stiffen her whole body. He knew her orgasm was coming.
He picked up his pace, what little he could, and as Val let out a deep guttural groan, he felt his cock being gripped tightly by her contracting cunt muscles, and then felt a huge wave of hot pussy juice gush from inside her.
He kept fucking, and she kept gushing—all the while hand-grinding her own clit—until his cock, his balls, and the inside of his legs were soaked with his wife's sex juices.
Finally, she pushed him back, and commanded him, "Get that hard cock up here and shove it in my mouth! I want to suck my hot cunt juice off your dick while you fuck my face! Come on, lover! Fuck your slut-wife in the mouth!"
While he certainly needed no further inducement, and quickly moved up to straddle her chest and present his cock to her wide open mouth, something in her last profane sentence caught his attention. She had called herself aslut-wife.
Maybe he was reading more into it than he should; maybe it was just a slip of her hormone-charged filthy tongue, but she had never used that term, before.Hot wife, and evenhorny bitch, butslut-wifeseemed just one level too degrading for her to call herself.
The question slipped quickly from his mind as soon as his wife's hungry mouth closed over his cock, and she began sucking and swirling her tongue over its engorged head. She bobbed her head up and down its length a few times, and then forced her head even farther up, and speared the rigid pole of flesh into her throat.
She pushed her head toward him until her lips her hard against the root of his cock and his ball sack. She lingered there a moment, sticking her tongue out and licking at his balls. She then pulled all the way back, letting his dick slip completely out of her mouth.
She smiled up at him, and said, "My pussy juice tastes pretty good on your balls. Move up here so I can suck on them!"
He wiggled a little farther forward, and she opened her mouth wide to take in both of his cunt-juice-soaked testicles. As she sucked gently and swirled her tongue over the folds of flesh, she took hold of his wet cock and began to jerk him off, rubbing his dick across her cheek, nose, and forehead.
It didn't take Val long to clean her juices from her husband's balls, and she pushed them out of her mouth with her tongue, and then pushed him off of her.
She quickly spun herself around on the bed so that she was lying across it on her back, with her head hanging off one edge. Even before she was settled into her new position, she was telling him, "Get over here and put your hard cock back in my mouth! I want you to fuck my face! Fuck me right down the throat!"
Ron scrambled to a standing position next to the bed, right at his wife's face. Just before he leaned in to put his cock in her mouth, she said, "Hand me my vibrator, babe."
"Which one?" he asked as he reached over to the end table that held a small pink "clit-buzzer," and a simulated rubber cock with a multi-speed vibrator buried inside.
"The little one," she answered. As he put it in her hand, she got her head comfortable on the edge of the bed, and told him, "Fuck me baby! Fuck my mouth!"
He put his hard cock in her mouth, and as she sucked hard on it, he fucked her in quick shallow thrusts. He then leaned in, and shoved the full length of his dick all the way into her mouth and down her throat. She didn't even flinch!
He held his cock deep in her throat for several glorious seconds, with his balls mashed hard against her face, then slowly pulled it all the way out, until she was sucking on its head.
Talking around the dick in her mouth, Val said, "Keep fucking me like that, babe! I love it when you squash your fat balls right against my nose! It feels so slutty to get my face fucked like that!"
Maybe pretending to be a cock-slut was what had her so turned on, he thought. He didn't dwell on it, though; he was just going to do whatever she asked if it made her happy! It sure as hell madehimhappy!
As he pushed forward, driving the full length of his cock down her throat, once more, Val turned her little vibrator onto high. She pressed the body of it against the soft folds of her wet pussy, and positioned its finger-like buzzing tip against her clit.
Ron looked on as his wife masturbated her pussy—something he loved to watch. There were times when he would sit in a chair and watch her fuck her cunt with her rubber cock, fantasizing that he was watching another guy giving her pleasure.
And she played along with his fantasy. She would talk dirty to her imaginary lover and encouraging him with things like,Oh, that's it baby! Fuck my hot pussy while my hubby watches!andLet my hubby watch that hard cock disappear up my cunt while he jerks himself off!She would then invite him in with something likeGet over here and put your stiff dick in my mouth! You're not going to let him have all the fun, are you? I want a cock in both ends!
Watching her get herself off, and with his cock as deep down her throat as it had ever been, he began to gyrate his hips, wiggling and probing his dick deep in the throat. At the same time, he squatted enough to mash and grind his balls against her lovely face.
Even with a mouth and throat full of hard cock, Val somehow managed a low moan that told him she was enjoying the hell of this.
He pulled his cock all the way out of Val's mouth, and rubbed the wet head across her face. She mewed her contentment as she stuck her tongue out to lap the hard, hot flesh as he washed her face with it.
He pressed his cock head to her lips, and she eagerly opened her mouth to welcome him back in. He began making long, slow thrusts, balls deep, down her throat, and then all the way back out. Every few strokes, at full penetration, he would fast-fuck back and forth a few inches while squatting enough to grind his balls into her face.
She continued to mash the little buzzer into her pussy and clit, and he knew she was loving the rough treatment he was giving her.
As he gyrated his ass to squash his balls across her face, a thought occurred to him. He pulled his cock all the way out of Val's mouth, and then as he jerked it off using the thick coating of her saliva as lube, he inched forward, and put his balls into her open mouth.
As she sucked on his sack, he pumped his dick and wiggled his ass across her face, feeling her nose wedged into his crack. Encouraged that she was moaning even more, and crushing her buzzer into her cunt, he took it one more step.
He lifted his balls from her mouth, and with the aid of putting one foot up on the bed, he moved his ass a few inches farther forward, and then lowered it to his wife's mouth.
She had only ever rimmed him one time before, but he figured that if ever there was a time for an encore, tonight was it. And he was right.
As he squatted, Val lapped all around his tight little sphincter, and then pushed her tongue as far into it as it would go. She couldn't tongue-fuck his ass very deep, but the sensation was awesome, and as he hammered harder and faster on his cock, he let out a long, "Oh, fuck, yeah! That feels so fantastic, Val! Tongue my asshole! Fuck my ass with your fucking tongue! Oh God, yeah!"
Almost reluctantly, he stopped jerking off his cock to keep from blowing his load too quickly. With his hands now free, he reached under himself and pulled his ass cheeks as wide apart as he could. With the little more access that that afforded his wife, she was able to get her tongue a bit farther up his ass, and he groaned, "Oh, my fucking God! I love you so much my slutty fucking hot-wife!"
As his rigid dick throbbed all on its own, Val rocked her head back and forth, and face-fucked her husband's asshole as hard and deep as she could. He was in heaven, and he began to wonder if she would be able to get him off with just her tongue; with no hand stroking his cock.
He wasn't going to find out, but the tradeoff would be well worth it.
Val disengaged her face from his ass, and said, "Now me! Get up here and lap my asshole and shove your tongue inside me! Then I want to feel your hard cock fucking me up the ass!"
Not needing a second invitation, he climbed up onto the bed, and was a little surprised that Val was not turning over onto her hands and knees, the position she always took when they had had anal sex. Instead, she pulled her legs back, and rotated her hips up as far as she could.
With her soaking wet pussy staring up at him, Ron lowered his face, covered the soft folds with his mouth, and pushed his tongue deep into his wife's hot cunt.
She moaned her enjoyment, but after only ten or fifteen seconds of his loving attention to her pussy, she commanded, "Take that wonderful tongue of yours down and shove it up my asshole! Get my tight little ass ready to get fucked by your hard cock!"
He did as he was told, but found that even with her hips rotated as they were, he couldn't get good contact with her little pucker without seriously hurting his neck.
He backed off the bed, standing at its foot, took hold of Val's legs, and slid her up to the edge. He then dropped to his knees, and with her hips still rotated upward, he went back to work. The new position afforded him more access to his wife's tiny little rosebud than he had ever experienced before. And as much as he liked it, she liked it even more!
Holding her cheeks wide apart with his hands, he ran his tongue up and down the crack of her ass. From the gentle folds of her wet pussy to the tight pucker of her tiny asshole, he savored the cunt juices that had been running down her ass.
He lined up on her little asshole, and teasingly ran the tip of his tongue around it, feeling the roughness of the tightly-close sphincter. He then pressed his face as hard against her ass crack as he could force it, and pushed his tongue straight out into her waiting asshole.
The little circle of sphincter muscle parted easily, welcoming his tongue into its depths. It almost seemed to him that she had somehow gotten control over the involuntary muscle, and was opening it for him. She wascertainlymore relaxed than any other time they had had anal sex, he knew. Was it the new slut-wife role that she was playing out? He didn't stop to ponder the question.
He began fucking his tongue in and out of his wife's ass hole as fast as he could make it go, every once in a while, stopping to flick quick circles around the sensitive flesh before driving back in.
She was moaning and letting out little mews, and he managed to peek up over her cunt to see that she was pulling hard on her nipples. As he mashed his tongue deep into her ass, he saw her stretch out and barely reach the rubber dick-shaped dildo on the night stand.
A moment later, she was rubbing the fake dick's fire-helmet head through her wet pussy lips, just above his face. He had to turn his head a little bit to give her room, but as he continued licking and driving his tongue up her ass, she pushed the rubber cock, balls deep, into her cunt in one smooth motion.
"Oh, fuck, yeah!" she growled as she fucked her cunt with the dildo at the same time her husband was tongue fucking her asshole. He quickly found himself in a rhythm with her thrusts of the realistic-shaped dildo, making sure his face was out of the way when its hard rubber balls came down to mash against Val's ass—the only thing stopping her from shoving the fake cock even farther up her obviously hungry cunt.
After a short while, with the rubber dick deep inside her cunt, she held it there, she said, "Okay, baby, get up and shove your cock up my ass! I need two fucking cocks! I want you to DP my asshole while your friend here fucks the shit out of my cunt! Show him what a slut-fucking-wife you have!"
Whenever they had had anal sex before, he had always used plenty of lube on his dick and her asshole. But the lube was in the nightstand drawer, and he didn't want to risk breaking the spell of the moment by getting up, going around the bed to get it, and coming back.
Instead, he left a generous amount of spit on her little pucker just before getting to his feet. He then spit in his hand, and added that to the pre-cum that was already coving the head of his cock.
Val was rocking the rubber dick around in the depths of her cunt while she watched her husband get his cock ready for her asshole. She was glad that he didn't go around to get the lube from the nightstand. She was pretty sure his spit would do the job, and she didn't want to wait even a few more seconds.
"Come on, baby! Shove that hard cock up my little asshole!" she told him. "I want to feel two cocks fucking me at the same time!"
He pressed the head of his cock to her tight little hole, and then leaned forward. The little sphincter stretched opened and accepted the spongy knob of flesh.
Val let out an, "Oh, yes!" as her husband's cock head popped inside of her.
As it always did, it felt utterly fantastic to have the sensitive head of his cock swallowed and gripped tightly by his wife's asshole. He held still there for several moments, not only enjoying the glorious feeling, but also letting her get used to the intrusion.
"In and out, again, baby!" she told him. "I love it when your fat head pops inside me!"
"Oh, yeah! I love that, too, baby!" he said. He then slipped his cock head out, watching as the circular little muscle closed back up, almost giving his dick a kiss good-bye.
He waited just a moment and then pushed forward, again, spreading his wife's tiny asshole once more, and penetrating just deep enough to feel her close around the backside of his cock head. Another moment's pause, and he pulled back out.
He repeated the shallow "just-the-tip" ass fucking half a dozen times, and then Val said, "Okay, baby, shove it up my ass! Shove your hard fucking cock all the way up my guts while your buddy pounds my cunt! Fuck me, baby! Fuck your slut wife's tight little asshole!"
He drove his cock slowly forward, reveling in the fantastic feeling of the ring of flesh that gripped his cock as it expanded over the fattest part, and then closed tightly around the root as he finally pressed his balls hard against her ass.
Val let out a long, "Ooooh!" for the entire time that it took him to burry his hard cock all the way up her ass. "Oh! Fuck me, baby!" she told him as he held himself deep inside her. "Fuck your stiff cock up my slut-wife asshole! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"
He drew his cock all the way out, and then drove deep into her, again, in one long, faster push. As soon as he bottomed out, he leaned over her and began to rock his hips to fuck her with faster and faster shorter stokes.
With his body leaning over hers, she was no longer able to fuck the rubber cock in and out of her cunt, and she abandoned it deep inside her pussy, moving her hands up to squeeze and pull on her nipples.
The contractions of her cunt began to force the dildo out, and against Ron's belly. He quickly found that as he rocked his hips forward to shove his cock up her ass, he was also pushing "his buddy's" stiff dick back into her pussy.
"Oh, my fucking God!" she nearly screamed at the unexpected double fucking. "DP me, baby! Fuck my two holes! Fuck the shit out of your slut fucking wife! God, baby, I love you!"
"I love you, too, baby!" he growled back as he hammered his cock up her ass—and the dildo up her cunt—as hard and fast as he could.
Suddenly, she let out a high pitched squeal, and as her body stiffened, her cunt erupted with a massive orgasm, gushing around the fake cock in her pussy, and running down her ass to soak her husband's flesh-and-blood cock as it reamed her ass.
As Ron continued to pound her ass, he said with a grunt, "Me, too, baby! I'm getting ready to cum!"
"In my face!" she commanded. ""Get up here, and jerk your cock off in my face! I want to feel your hot fucking cum all over me!"
He quickly disengaged himself from the glorious grip of her asshole, and clambered up onto the bed. He straddled her chest, and began to jerk his cock right in her face.
He pounded hard and fast until he felt his balls tighten, and then he just held his dick pointed at his wife's closed mouth. His balls and cock spasmed, and the first shot of his thick cum spurted out, landing across Val's pretty lips. They spasmed, again, as Ron held his aim, and a second hot rope squirted out, draping across her nose.
Ron then wrapped his hand around his cock again, and began jerking off to get the "secondary cum" that he knew was waiting behind the first hands-free pulses.
It took only ten seconds or so for the second wave to build, and he pounded his cock hard and fast, aimed right at Val's face. His cock began to erupt with squirt after squirt of thick sperm, which he aimed all over her lovely face.
By the time he was squeezing the last few drops onto her lips, her face was strung with ribbons of his cum from forehead to chin, and from cheek to cheek.
"Oh, my God!" Ron moaned as he hung his head, and began to gulp huge lungfuls of air to catch his breath. "I have never cum so much in my life!"
Val opened one eye—the other had a puddle of cum in it—then parted her lips, and ran her tongue over them. She tasted the warm familiar saltiness of her husband's cum, and then she reached up and took his face between her hands.
"I believe it, baby," she said. Then she pulled him down, and said, "Now, help me get cleaned up!"
As he lowered his face, mouth wide open, she closed her lips together, and he covered her mouth with his. He swirled his tongue around, gathering his own cum, and then she opened her mouth, and their tongues danced together as they shared his still-warm spunk.
He then kissed and lapped and sucked all over her lovely cum-covered face gathering up as much of his jism as he could, before returning to her open mouth to share it.
After swirling his cum around with their tongues, they each swallowed, and then she pulled his face hard to hers, and they locked into a wildly passionate kiss.
When she finally let go of his head, and broke the long kiss, she breathed into his mouth, "God, how I love you, baby! You are fantastic!"
"I love you, too, babe!" he replied. "That was freaking awesome! You never fail to amaze me!"
He flopped down beside her, and after they had caught their breath for a while, they got up and headed for the shower.
***
Each wearing a light robe, they stopped in the kitchen to pour a couple glasses of wine, and then they went out onto their back patio. Ron hit the light switch before he closed the door, leaving just the soft illumination from the accent lights to dispel the darkness.
They sat, side by side, on the wooden swing that hung from a rafter over their heads, and after giving them a gentle push with his bare foot, Ron raised his glass.
"Here's to my beautiful, sexy, insatiable slut-wife," he said. He watched her closely in the dim light for any kind of negative reaction to theslut-wifeterm, now that she was no longer under the influence of an obviously raging libido.
He was actually a bit (pleasantly) surprised when she clinked his glass, and with a wide smile, said, "I'll drink to that!"
They each took a sip, and then he said, "Our sex life has always been great, baby, but that was easily the most intense—and mind-blowing—sex we have ever had. I have to ask you what it was that had you so turned on." He added with a chuckle, "Because whatever it was, I want to get you some more of it!"
She smiled at him, and said, "I figured out what I want for my fortieth birthday. And our anniversary, too."
He laughed, and said, "Well, whatever it is, I'll buy youtwo!"
She chuckled, and said, "One will probably be enough." She then said, "I want to get laid."
He laughed, again, and said, "Oh, I thinkthatcan be arranged! I was afraid ..."
She cut him off as she continued, "By somebody else."
It took a second for that to register, and then another couple for him to realize that she was apparently being serious.
"What? Who?" he said.
"A BBC" she answered with no hint that she was joking.
"A big black cock?" he said, not even trying to hide his surprise. He repeated more emphatically, "Who?That sales guy at your work?"
"No one that either one of us knows," she answered.
"Wait! You want to get laid by some big blackstrangerfor your birthday?" he said.
"And you get to watch," she said with her most impish grin.
"If there isn't a punch line coming pretty quickly, I think you've got some 'splaining to do, Lucy!" he said, using the tag line from the oldI Love LucyTV show.
"No joke," she said. "I've been thinking about this for a while—especially tonight. That's what had my motor running in such high gear."
He took a long sip of his wine, and said, "'Splain away."
"It's about fantasies, babe. Yours and mine," she began. "I know you'd like to watch me get screwed by another guy; we've played that out a bunch of times—including tonight. Well, mine is to take a BBC."
"How long have you wanted to do that?" he asked. "You've never mentioned it. I think I'd remember."
"Since college," she said.
"College?" he repeated. "And you're just getting around to sharing it?"
"I was afraid," she said. "I was afraid that you'd think that I wanted a BBC because you weren't satisfying me, and that's absolutely, totally not the case. Ilovethe way you make love to me; your twisty-turny technique when you're deep inside me; the way you use your whole face when you eat me out; the way you share your own cum with me ... it's all I could ever hope for, baby!"
"Except for my lack of a BBC," he said. He wasn't angry, but was very curious where this was going.
"I had this roommate in college who had a new boyfriend about every other month," Val explained. "One of them was a nice looking black guy. About 6' 2", and really well built. He played football, I think.
"Anyway, I came home early from a really bad date one night, and the two of them were on the couch going at it. She was on the couch, mostly on her back, with her legs way up in the air, and he was leaning over her in kind of a spread-eagle position with his feet on the floor and his hands holding her legs up.
"Between his grunting and her squealing, they didn't hear me come in, and I just stood in the kitchen doorway, watching. Her white ass was turned up and facing right at me, and his tight black ass bounced up and down above her, shoving his enormous, jet black cock into her whitie-tightie pussy.
"I couldn't help but stare at how stretched she appeared to be, and was amazed that her noises seemed to be of pleasure rather than pain. Then, as he withdrew his fat dick from her pussy, I stood there with my mouth open in disbelief. It had to be a foot long, and he had just had it shoved all the way inside her! I had no idea how it could have fit!
"I left before either of them knew I was there, but that image has stayed with me ever since."
"Still a pretty vivid image, apparently," he said, noticing how her breathing changed as she reminisced about days gone by. "Is that why you bought that big dildo a couple months ago?" he asked "Although itiswhite."
"Yes," she said.
"Why all these years later?" he asked.
"Blame the Internet," she replied. "Before I ordered that big dildo, I was searching for some new porn for us to watch together, and I was scanning through this site with amateur threesomes. One of the videos had this athletic black guy screwing this white chick on a couch, and it instantly flashed me back to that night.
"I refined my search tointerracialamateur threesomes, and I ended up getting hooked. I was just mesmerized by watching those gigantic black dicks getting shoved up what looked to be tiny white pussies. You have no idea how many times I masturbated watching those videos.
"I bought that big dildo because I just had to see what it felt like; to see if I could take it the way my roommate did." She paused, looked him in the eyes, and added, "Turns out I like it."
"And now you want to try it, for real," he said.
"Please, baby? You get your fantasy, too."
"In my fantasy of watching you with another guy, the guy was always hung more like me," he said. "Not like a horse. What if you got stretched so much that you wouldn't even know I was inside you after that."
"You know that's not true, baby," she said. "You've fucked me silly right after you've watched me shove the big rubber dick up my cunt. It was your hard, real-life, flesh-and-blood cock, and the way that only you can fuck me that got my pussy pumping out its cum." She was intentionally using more graphic language to get him thinking about her argument with his "other head."
To make sure he was beginning to think with his dick, she reached over, spread his robe open, and gently took his cock in her hand. She had to repress a smile when she found that he was already half hard. She knew she had him!
"Come on, baby," she said as she traced her fingertips up and down the length of his quickly growing erection. "Please? It'll be just one time, and then I'll know what it's like. I promise I'll never ask to do it, again."
"But a stranger?" he said.
Again, she repressed her smile. He had accepted the idea, and was now negotiating the details. And she was ready.
"One of the sites I came across in my big-black-cock searches had an ad for a place called Fantasy Paradise. It's in Las Vegas—where prostitution is legal—and along with about anything else a perverted person might think of, it also offers what amounts to a BBC prostitute service. All the guys have medical check-ups all the time, and are certified to be free of any kind of STDs."
She ran her hand along his cock—which was nearing full size—and repeated, "Please, baby?"
"Do I get a say in who you choose?" he said.
"Absolutely!" she agreed.
"Well then, happy birthday, I guess" he said.
"Oh, baby!" she said. "Thank you so much!"
She took a swallow of wine, stood up, and shrugged the robe off her shoulders and onto the ground. Then, naked in the cool night air, she knelt down in front of her husband, and put her lips around the head of his cock. She sucked and swirled her tongue a bit, and then leaned forward, taking his full length down her throat.
Looking down at the sight of his wife's nose buried in his patch of trimmed pubic hair, and with his resurrected cock buried deep in her throat, he let out a long, "Mmmm." He then wove his fingers gently through her still-damp hair, and said, "God, I love you, baby!"
***
Two evenings later, Val and Ron were sitting on their couch, both completely naked. Val had set up her laptop to display on the big TV, and was showing her husband the collection of images that she'd gathered while she had been fantasizing about taking a BBC.
Although he had agreed to let her indulge her fantasy, she wanted to make sure that he was on board with it, too. Once again, she knew that getting him to think as much, or more, with the head of his dick as the one on his shoulders was the way to do it. And a good selection of porn was the quickest way to get his blood flow redirected.
She had taken some time to sort through her collection, so she could get him to warm up to the idea gradually.
The first photo showed a white woman standing between a white guy (presumably her husband) and a black guy. She had a cock in each of her hands, and they were all smiling at the camera. The next photo was of the same trio, and showed the woman on her knees with the black guy's cock—or about a third of it—filling her mouth. The husband stood next to them, stroking his cock, and watching with a grin on his face.
The third in the set showed her with her husband's dick all the way down her throat, while she stroked the BBC right next to her face.
As Val clicked to the next picture, she glanced at Ron's crotch, and saw that he was at full attention. She smiled to herself.
The next photo, with the same threesome, showed the wife on her back on the bed, her legs up and spread wide, and the head of the big black cock stretching her shaven pussy lips apart. With wide eyes, she was looking down between her legs, and her mouth was open as if she was saying, "Oh my God!" To the right, mostly out of the frame, the husband was standing, with his hard cock in his hand, apparently jerking off as he watched his wife get fucked by a BBC.
The last of that threesome set, showed the black guy driving his fat cock at least half way up her stretched cunt, while she sucked on her husband's dick as he knelt beside her, and squeezed one of her tits.
Val reached over and wrapped her fingers lightly around Ron's hard cock. She slid them up and down its length, and was happy to find that he was already drooling pre-cum. She allowed herself another sly inward smile.
The next picture was of a different trio. The white woman—with a landing strip of dark curly pubic hair—was sitting atop the black guy in a reverse-cowgirl position. His big black cock—which was even fatter than the first one—had her pussy lips stretched wide, and was buried almost all the way up inside her.
A naked white guy stood next to her, and with his hands gripping her head, he was fucking her mouth.
As Val gently stroked her husband's erection, she clicked to the next photo in her collection.
A white woman was on her knees at the foot of a bed, and bent over at the waist, she was lying face-down on it. Her husband (presumably) was on the bed above her head, and was holding her arms outstretched, making it look like she was being restrained while the black guy shoved his long dick up her cunt. Her head was turned to the side, showing that her eyes were closed and she was biting her lip. It was hard to tell if it was in pleasure or in pain, but Val knew those lines blurred during hot sex, anyway.
The husband in the photo was obviously enjoying it, as his stiff dick was pointing skyward, and he wore a lecherous grin while staring at the BBC being pushed between his wife's wonderfully round ass cheeks, and up her pussy.
As Val began stroking Ron's drooling hard-on more seriously, she clicked through the photos more quickly.
The next showed a wife on her knees on a bed, with her face buried in the pillow. Her lily-white upturned ass was being gripped by two big black hands while the proportionately-big black cock was being forced deep into her pink-rimmed cunt hole. At the side of the photo, the husband sat in a chair with his hard cock in his hand.
As she continued her slide show, Ron was treated to a shot of a white women with her mouth wide open and barely able to get the head of her BBC inside. Another showed a well-tanned blonde sucking on the head of her BBC while her husband pounded his cock up her cunt.
She then showed him the cum-shot photos, in fairly quick succession. Women with their faces dripping with thick ropes of cum; wide open mouths, taking a direct squirt; a black and a white cock each painting an open-mouthed white woman with a small bath of hot cum.
One of them showed a fat black cock spurting a thick stream of jism onto a pretty white face. But the cock was being pumped by the husband's white hand.
Val left the photo up for just a few seconds. She wanted Ron to notice the hand, but not necessarily dwell on it. She was hoping to get her husband comfortable with being a little more "involved" with her taking her first BBC.
The last photo she brought up—though hardly the last in her collection—was of a tan-lined white woman on her back with her husband positioned near her head. He held her legs up and widely spread as a muscular black guy drove his big foot-long cock into her glistening wet cunt. The husband had his own cock shoved all the way into her mouth, and his fat balls could be seen mashed against her nose.
With the photo on the big TV, Val slid off the couch, and onto her knees in front of Ron. She put her lips around his pre-cum oozing cock head, and swirled her tongue around as she sucked. Then, while still sucking, she lowered her head and speared the hard post of flesh straight down her throat.
He let out a long, "Aaahh!" as his cock slid down the tight tunnel. She cupped his balls in her two hands, and as she twisted her head back and forth while impaled on his rigid dick, she mashed her chin against his testicles.
She bobbed her head all the way up and down his cock while playing with his balls, and in a very short time she could tell she was brining him to an orgasm. His breathing and his moaning were always dead giveaways.
As she felt him getting nearer, she sucked on his cock head while teasing its underside with her tongue, and jerking him off as fast as she could.
In thirty seconds she was rewarded by a deep growl, and a series of jets of hot cum that nearly filled her mouth.
When she could tell that he was finally spent, she let his dick slip from her mouth with a slight pop, and climbed up to give him a passionate cum-filled kiss.
They kissed, mouths open, and tongues dancing while they swished his jism back and forth. Finally, they both swallowed, and finished with a solid, passion-filled lip-lock.
When they finally broke, she sat on his lap, and he smiled, and said, "God, I love you, baby! That was quite the little slide show. I can see how that got you thinking about your roommate and her BBC boyfriend."
"I love you, too, baby," she said. "I'm glad you liked it ... and understand." She kissed him, again, and then said, "You want to sit back and watch me jerk off my pussy, now?"
As his flaccid cock stirred beneath her naked ass, he laughed, and imitating the Big Bopper, he said, "Oh baby! Youknowwhat I like!"
Continued in Part 2