The lift doors slid soundlessly shut, as Rosanna stepped out of the plush luxury of the Mandarin Oriental's lobby. As she was whisked to the fourth floor, she checked herself over in the full-length mirror.
Hair? A little messy but manageable. Make-up? Fixed hurriedly in the Aitchison Maitland bathroom before catching her taxi. Clothes? Her suit would do, but the missing button on her blouse did mean her top had become somewhat gaping.
Rosanna felt mildly peeved that she had not had an opportunity to head home and change into something a little more appropriate for an A-list rendezvous.
Her stomach fluttered as she knocked hesitantly on the suite door. She hadn't seen Taylor since the American pop star had swept imperiously out of the conference room at the end of their meeting, leaving Rosanna with a pile of notes to review (or realistically, hand off to one of her juniors to research).
Taylor had maintained a perfectly icy demeanour as she left- giving no inclination to Rosanna's colleagues that anything had passed between them in the privacy of the conference room.
Indeed so successful had this ploy proved, that the receptionist had remarked that Taylor had seemed 'a bit of a cold fish'. Rosanna had agreed out of politeness.
Then, the hotel door opened, and swung open to reveal Taylor Swift in all her boudoir splendour.
Rosanna's eyes widened as she drank in the sight. "Oh fuck!"
"Hey, lover".
***
Taylor was wearing quite the sexiest set of black lingerie that Rosanna had ever seen, at least, in the flesh. The lacy balconette bra pushed her boobs up into a pair of perfect orbs, framed in delicate frills. The knickers were a pair of Brazilian-cut briefs, intricately lacy with a cute little bow on the waistband at the front. Taylor wore thigh-high hold up stockings and a vertiginous pair of Louboutins that must have pushed her to well over six feet tall.
Her long blonde hair was already artfully dishevelled, and her lips sported a vivid red slash of lipstick. Taylor's slender legs looked impossibly long.
Rosanna giggled as she accepted a flute of champagne from Taylor, along with a delicate peck on the cheek.
"You look absolutely stunning, babe".
"Thank you!", Taylor dimpled prettily, then bobbed a mock curtsey. "Now you sit...yes, there, that chair. You sit there, and I'll give you a little performance".
Rosanna shrugged off her jacket and laid it over the back of the chair. "Ready when you are, Miss International Superstar".
Taylor stuck her tongue out, before pressing a button on the remote control behind her, cueing a jazzy soundtrack.
"Not one of your songs?" giggled Rosanna, sipping her champagne.
"You can make me sing later..." Taylor replied, as she began to sway her hips to the rhythm of the music.
Rosanna settled in the chair, absent-mindedly undoing the button on her trousers.
Taylor shimmied and swayed, strutted and swooped, showing off her full portfolio of moves. Rosanna had never been to a strip club, but she imagined that this might be what you'd get from a lap dance. And she enjoyed it immensely.
"Thrilled to have front-row seats at Taylor Swift's Stripper Tour," Rosanna smirked.
Taylor raised one stiletto clad foot and placed it on the chair between Rosanna's legs. Rosanna leant forward, and laid a trail of tender, insistent kisses up the inside Taylor's stocking-clad thigh. But as she reached the unbearably soft white skin centimetres from Taylor's black knickers, the singer abruptly pulled back.
Rosanna groaned.
"Taylor, I'm going to explode if I can't touch you properly".
"We have all night, lover, I'm going to torment you a little bit more first".
Taylor snatched Rosanna's champagne glass and took a long sip. She leant down, her mouth still full of Dom Perignon, and pressed her lips to Rosanna's. Rosanna eagerly sucked at Taylor's mouth yet despite her keenness a substantial amount of sparkling wine still stained the front of her blouse.
"Oops!" Taylor said in mock concern.
"Don't waste it- it's nice!" said Rosanna.
Taylor lowered her head and licked the sticky booze from Rosanna's collarbone.
"I'll get the rest later".
Rosanna stripped off her wet blouse, leaving her boobs exposed in their lacy nude bra. She was aching, desperate for another touch from Taylor.
Taylor stroked a hand across each breast, feeling her lover's nipples throb through the fabric. With one hand she undid Rosanna's bra to leave her bare-chested and desperate in the chair in front of her.
"You can take those trousers off too if you like?"
"I thought you were the stripper here, not me!"
Taylor giggled. "In my strip club, we like our customers naked as well".
Rosanna wriggled her trousers down, a dark damp patch at the front of her insubstantial white knickers showing just how much she wanted Taylor.
Taylor spun, and issued a seductive glare back over her shoulder. Rosanna's eyes locked onto her lover's lace-clad buttocks. She bit her lip in frustration.
Taylor elegantly lowered herself backwards onto Rosanna and began to grind her voluptuous bottom onto the young lawyer's lap. Rosanna's hips ground back in response.
The feeling of Taylor's perfect arse pressing against Rosanna's mound was almost unbearable.
Rosanna moaned. "I'm going to have to touch myself".
"Not yet, lover, not yet", drawled Taylor. "Why don't you take my panties off instead".
Rosanna didn't need a second invitation. She rolled the black lace down the curve of Taylor's round bum, then let them fall down her long legs to the soft carpet.
She squeezed the two exquisite globes in front of her.
"How are you this perfect?"
Taylor turned around, and Rosanna saw her naked cunt for the first time. It was immaculate. Delicate pale pink pussy lips, framed above with a light dusting of light blonde hair. It promised heaven.
She threw one leg over Rosanna's and began to slide back and forth along her thigh.
Rosanna clasped her tight, urging her on. Taylor's breath grew shorter and more ragged as she rode Rosanna's leg towards orgasm.
Rosanna managed to fumble Taylor's black bra loose and buried her face in her pert breasts. Her mouth caught one of Taylor's dusky pink nipples and she sucked it - hard.
Taylor screamed.
Her pussy ground uncontrollably against Rosanna and her entire body shook as she crashed past the point of no return.
"AAAAHHHHHH" she wailed into the other girl's ear at a deafening volume, her hands reflexively gripping two handfuls of Rosanna's dark hair.
And she collapsed across Rosanna in a sweaty, quivering, orgasmic heap of limbs.
A moment passed, that felt like an age.
Taylor opened her stunning blue eyes, her face flushed with satisfaction.
"Oh wow. Oh wow wow wow. That was intense. Amaaazing", she said, drawing out the middle syllable for emphasis.
"You're amazing," Rosanna countered.
"Thank you. But I'm just getting started. BED. NOW."
***
The two girls stumbled from the suite lounge to the bed, and eagerly completed undressing each other. Rosanna slipped off Taylor's bra, Taylor yanked down Rosanna's underwear and threw it over her shoulder onto the floor.
Taylor held her naked lover's hands above her head while she kissed her enthusiastically. She pressed her thigh between Rosanna's legs and pinned her flat on her back.
Rosanna purred at the display of dominance. "You'll be tying me up next! I don't suppose you brought handcuffs with you?"
"I'm a musician, not a cop!"
Taylor fumbled behind her on the bed and found her discarded black bra. She looped the straps around Rosanna's wrists and tied it in a tight knot.
"Well, if the Mandarin Oriental won't provide handcuffs on room service I'll just have to improvise".
"Oh very creative. A bit like when you stuffed my knickers in my mouth the other night".
"'Knickers'", Taylor laughed. "You Brits are adorable".
And with that, she clamped her mouth over Rosanna's cunt.
Rosanna, wound up to the very brink by the slutty lap dance, nearly exploded with pleasure there and then.
Taylor continued eating her out with delight, as Rosanna thrashed and wriggled underneath her. The muscular tanned thighs squeezed tight as one of the most famous mouths in pop music devoted itself to enthusiastic cunnilingus.
"So close, so close", muttered Rosanna repeatedly. She ground her hips into Taylor's face.
Rosanna climaxed long and hard, smearing Taylor's make-up with her musky cunt-juices and soaking the expensive cotton bedsheets.
And fell back, sated.
***
Rosanna lay sprawled on her back, in a naked, sweaty heap.
"I've hardly seen any of your suite yet. Show a girl the shower?"
Taylor kissed Rosanna on her flushed forehead. "Come on then, I might even let you soap me up".
Rosanna held up her hands wryly, they were still tied together with Taylor's bra. "Little help please?"
After they'd undone the improvised bindings, Taylor led Rosanna to the spacious walk-in shower and turned on the water jets.
Taylor stripped off her stockings, as Rosanna applied the hotel's frankly excellent free shower gel.
She then took it upon herself to apply most of the bottle to Taylor's gym-toned body, ensuring soap found its way into every delightful crease and crack.
The two girls began to gently make out under the water, as it washed away the sweat and juices from their sex.
As the hot water cascaded over them, Rosanna and Taylor instinctively found each other with their fingers, and began to masturbate each other. But they were frustrated by the slippery surface and tiles, not quite able to get a purchase without overbalancing.
"Fuck, I bet I'd get there quicker I was a man", complained Taylor.
"Come on, let's get out", Rosanna said desperately. "We can clean up later!"
Taylor stepped out of the shower, solicitously taking Rosanna's hand.
Rosanna, stark naked, left the bathroom, and wiggled her bottom provocatively at Taylor as she walked into the lounge.
"I feel like I've not taken advantage of your frankly gorgeous ass, sweet Rosanna".
Rosanna smiled. "You're relentless, Tay. What do you want me to do?"
"Get on that couch and I'll show you."
Rosanna obediently took up a position on all fours, with her round arse high in the air. "Like this?"
"Perfect".
Taylor planted a kiss on Rosanna's left bum cheek, then the right. Then, carefully spreading the tanned buttocks, she stiffened her tongue and jabbed it insistently against Rosanna's arsehole.
"Oh!" A little jolt of electricity ran through Rosanna's body.
Taylor giggled. "You're yummy".
And she ran a long, slow, languorous stroke of her tongue from the base of Rosanna's spine, all the way down between her spread cheeks and to the dark intimacy of her puckered little star.
"I could eat this delicious ass for days".
"I could let you".
Taylor slurped eagerly at Rosanna's musky arse, relishing the intimacy of the act.
And began to rub Rosanna's clit from behind in tight concentric circles.
Rosanna gripped the arm of the couch with both hands as she was fucked on all fours.
The combined pressure of Taylor's unerring fingers and her anally-fixated tongue tipped Rosanna over the edge to another gushing orgasm on the low sofa.
Rosanna slumped face down into an exhausted little puddle.
"Christ how do you do that to me Taylor?"
Taylor giggled. "Come on and cuddle me in bed, I don't know what they charge to replace the furniture here and I don't care to find out".
***
Rosanna, a little weak-kneed and unsteady, wrapped a fluffy white towel around herself, and sat with her back against the headboard of the bed. She picked up her phone from the side table and began typing out a text message.
"Let me just tell The Boyfriend I'll be working late".
"Sure, sure."
Just as Rosanna was about to send the message, her phone chirped into life.
"Hi babe...No, my bad. Horror day on the new contract...No, I'll get some food here and get a taxi. Yeah, second time this week, at least I won't be hungover, haha".
Taylor stood naked at the end of the bed, tangled wet hair falling messily down to her shoulders. She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively at Rosanna and began to slowly but insistently rub between her long legs.
"Stop that!" mouthed Rosanna, in mock annoyance.
Taylor shrugged sassily.
She climbed onto the bed and indicated that Rosanna should part her thighs.
Rosanna shook her head. Taylor nodded hers.
Rosanna just about held it together as Taylor ran two hands up her thigh and grabbed her hips.
"Yeah, absolutely. I'll - ah- text when I'm on my way home".
She did not quite hold it together when Taylor gave her pussy a long, slow, feline lick.
"AH!" she gasped.
Taylor looked up, her blue eyes sparkling with mischief.
"Yeah I'm fine babe, just a bit of a sore neck from staring at a screen," Rosanna managed to choke out.
Taylor licked again, harder this time.
"OK OK, speak soon. Love you. Bye!"
As soon as she'd hung up, Rosanna threw a pillow at Taylor. "You are a naughty bitch, Taylor Swift!"
Taylor giggled as she crawled up and kissed Rosanna soundly. "I just like taking good care of my girl." Her fingers parted Rosanna's aching pussy lips. "And you seem to be enjoying it..."
Rosanna closed her eyes and moaned. "What I really need right now is something inside me. I don't suppose you've got a dildo stashed away somewhere?"
"Hmm, let me see what I can conjure."
Rosanna watched Taylor's lanky naked body bent over to rifle through a suitcase, her pretty pink pussy visible from behind.
"Damn, I don't think I do. Buuuut..." Taylor turned round, holding up one of her red-soled Louboutins. "Ta da!"
"You're going to fuck me with... a shoe?" Rosanna sounded a little sceptical, though the electric tingle between her legs seemed to have different ideas.
"It's a very NICE shoe," Taylor said, delicately sliding a condom over the long heel. She sucked it thoughtfully. "Not quite as good as the real thing but it'll do the job!"
"Well OK, slowly though".
And Taylor began to fuck her with Monsieur Louboutin's iconic creation.
First with gentle little circles, then as Rosanna begin to respond deeper more purposeful strokes.
It wasn't long before Rosanna was whimpering and wriggling under Taylor's ministrations, as the expensive shoe slid vigorously in and out of her sopping wet pussy.
As she came, she let out an almost deafening scream, and jets of musky fluid squirted out of her, soaking Taylor's arm and the shoe in her hand.
Taylor giggled. "I think you owe me a new pair of Loubies".
"Call it evens for what you did to my blouse!"
The girls shared a languid, satisfied kiss, and allowed their eyes to close.
***
Rosanna and Taylor dozed for a couple of hours, locked in a sweaty embrace.
After a while, Rosanna stirred.
"Can I ask you something, Taylor?"
"Sure."
"So I'm probably not as up with my celeb news as some people, but I'm pretty sure you have a boyfriend, right? What's the deal there?"
Taylor shrugged. "We're busy people, we have interests outside of each other. I adore Joe, and it keeps the gossip columnists happy. Why do you ask?"
Rosanna kissed Taylor's collarbone. "Curious. Jealous. Well, I won't talk about mine if you don't talk about yours!"
"Deal!"
"Did you see the pretty receptionist downstairs, by the way?" Taylor asked. "I think she was maybe Italian or something?"
"I'll level with you, I was pretty speedy on my way through the lobby. I felt like an escort!"
"Ha! Worth every penny! Ah, she was cute though. She said I looked like an American singer".
"Clearly not hired for her powers of deduction then".
"Here, come with me".
Taylor took Rosanna's hand and led her to the floor-to-ceiling windows. "Do you like the view?"
Rosanna looked out on the evening lights of West London.
"Knightsbridge? It's OK? Bit boring?"
Taylor's eyes flashed dangerously. "Oh, it's boring is it?" And she firmly pushed Rosanna up against the glass, flattening her bare tits against it.
"Fuck Taylor, there's people down there!"
"Yeah, but they can't see me, can they? Put your hands flat on the glass and spread your legs for me".
Her head still a little foggy from the constant flow of orgasms, Rosanna threw caution to the wind and obeyed. The cold glass, slippery under her hands, teased her dark nipples into rock-hard little points.
Taylor slid a hand between Rosanna's legs, cupping her pussy mound and unerringly finding her lover's clit. "I hope you're ready to put on a show."
And she began to rub in tight, insistent little circles.
Rosanna moaned and wriggled, her breath shortening as she approached yet another climax.
"Are you close", Taylor growled in her ear.
"So fucking close".
And with that, Taylor withdrew her fingers. Then pushed open the balcony door and steered her nude lover out into the cool night air.
The busy sound of London traffic was suddenly everywhere.
"Oh fuck, this is too much Taylor, we're going to get caught".
"Aren't you a lawyer, Rosanna? We'll get away with it. I want it too much to stop now!"
And she dragged Rosanna down to the ground with her.
The two women ground desperately against each other on the bare concrete, kissing deeply.
As they fucked in the open air, the heavens opened and cold rain crashed over them.
They didn't care.
Four floors below them, pedestrians walked by cluelessly. Had they looked up, the might have caught a glimpse of wriggling flesh, a stray foot poking through the iron latticework.
If the noise of the rain and the road hadn't drowned it out, they might even have heard a certain Taylor Swift scream her pleasure out into the London night.
The Emirati sheikh occupying the suite to the left grunted with irritation at the noise from next door, and ostentatiously closed the heavy curtains to block out the sound.
Taylor and Rosanna ground together, every inch of skin seeming to be transformed into a new erogenous zone under the intensity of their mutual passion.
Their soaked bodies mingled as one and melted together into what felt like an endless simultaneous orgasm.
***
Rosanna lay on the bed, legs entwined with Taylor's. She reached for her phone.
"Jesus Taylor, it's nearly five a.m. I need to get home so I can get into the office again in a fit state".
"Fine," Taylor pouted prettily, "But you'll see me again this weekend?"
"Count on it!" said Rosanna gamely, as she scrambled out of bed and searched for her discarded clothes. Her bra was saveable, and her blouse was wrinkled but adequate for a walk-of-shame, despite the spilled champagne.
Unfortunately her knickers were just a drenched ball of wadded-up lace. With a regretful sigh Rosanna dropped them into her bag, before pulling on her trousers.
"Ooh, give me them!" Taylor said. "I might want to dress up as a buttoned-up corporate attorney".
"Fuck off," Rosanna replied sweetly, throwing the panties to Taylor. "Now come kiss me goodbye like a good little housewife".
Naked, Taylor rolled out of bed, and sashayed over to Rosanna. She grabbed a handful of Rosanna's hair and pulled her in for the longest, deepest, wettest kiss of their entire night.
"Bye bye lover. Text me if you get bored at work".
Rosanna went to open the door. Just as she reached for the lock, she felt Taylor grab her arm.
"Actually..."
And Taylor yanked at the button of Rosanna's trousers, pulling it from its fastening and exposing Rosanna's furred mound.
Before Rosanna could protest Taylor's fingers were in her pussy again, frigging her to one last shuddering, knee shaking orgasm up against the hotel suite door as Taylor nibbled and sucked at her neck.
***
Rosanna slumped in the taxi, in an exhausted but well-fucked stupor. As the cab rolled through early morning London she felt like she was returning to earth.
The light drizzle of rain on the window seemed to deliver a dose of cold, hard reality.
This was insane. It wasn't healthy. The sex was mind-blowing, the risks were intolerable. But Taylor was just...bewitching.
But it couldn't go on.
She would tell Taylor it was over. She had to.
***
To be continued. In Chapter 4, life gets a little more complicated for Rosanna.