I guess I could blame our neighbor for some of our problems in our marriage. But I would have to give her credit for the sexual awaking in the two of us as a couple. I can't say it has not in some ways enriched our marriage. Yes, it caused us to get a little carried away with things, and like all good things, they can take a bad turn now and then. Like the crush that my wife and my buddy had for each other. I thought my plan to let them just plain, "Fuck it Out," might work. It did help for a while, but then I started to see signs that what feelings they had are still alive.
As far as our neighbor Sharon goes, I am far from being on the bad of terms I once was with her. I have enjoyed the limited sex she and I have had, but it hasn't seemed to cause me to have the same depth of feelings for her as Peg does for Eric. Mine for her are purely sexual, I don't think that is true for Peg and Eric anymore, if ever. What is the same with me and Eric is that we get teased, and then we sometimes give in. I guess I can say I have less trouble rejecting Sharon than Eric does with my Peg, but he stands his ground with her.
As far as Peggy goes, she has been spending more time with Sharon now that she is not seeing Eric with her as much, I guess she had been a little jealous of Sharon. Eric is back to playing the field I guess, and is back to spending more time at our place. He has a tremendous sex drive, and has no trouble getting women. Problem for Eric is that my wife's hot body and sexual prowess is probably the biggest temptation he has to fight. I still worry more about Peg, sometimes I think my wife is not as loyal as my best friend.
Peggy still lays out to sun a lot on her days off, in a contest to get a better all over tan with Sharon. To achieve all over status she lays out nude more times than not. But since she has gotten closer to Sharon, it's often nude and with her. Sometimes at our place, and others at hers. I worry that the tan she is trying for is not for me but for Eric. She is not showing off for him when he is here, but his car has been at Sharon's when I know Peg and her are sunning au natural. It's crazy that the thought of them in a threesome both upsets, and turns me on.
Our yard has a more private area for sunning, but sometimes I think they push the envelope and dare to be more in the open in both yards. This means I too am treated to nude views of Sharon and Peg, both were not worried about walking in to use the bathroom nude or topless. It did not matter if I was there, or both Eric and I. Yes, I am a man, and at the times they are in view of my kitchen window, or at Sharon's and in view from my den window, I will check them out.
Even though I see Peg all the time, and Sharon often minus clothes, seeing them together is extra sexy. Yes, I have whipped it out, and jacked off a load watching them just laying there naked and so sexy. I sometimes think they are aware of me watching, and put on a show. Sometimes it's them just putting lotion all over each other, and I mean everywhere. Other times all it takes to set me off is for one of them to bend one of their legs at the knee to give me a clear view of their pussy. I would like to think I am the only one getting these shows, but they are both such teases.
I was pretty sure they had never busted me doing it. I admit though that I too get daring at times. I have stood nude in front of the window jerking off while watching them, telling myself I am still trying to be stealth. When I realized I was not getting there attention from there, I moved to the sliding door showing my whole body like they are.
I wanted to be seen I guess, but lacked the courage to just walk out to them. Instead I imagine they are watching to make my self-abuse more pleasing. I admit as well that in my mind I have pictured them actually going down on each other. I guess my mind is trying to sell me on a possible FFM with the two of them as well. I could not help but think that timing is everything, and this nude sun bathing thing might lead to the opportunity. I don't think I am the one that should suggest it. I know Peg would jump on a chance for a MMF with me and Eric, but I am not sure if she is interested in bi-sex with Sharon. As far as Sharon goes, I know she would jump on a chance. Sharon had once told me if Peggy would let her eat her out, she would rock her world.
My problem is, I don't know how to bring it up to Peggy. I am sure if she even knew I wanted to see her and Sharon get serious, she would at least give me shit about it, so it's just a dream. Peggy coming on to my buddy again on occasion was real, and starting to increase. Even though I trust Eric more than Peg, as a man, I know how tempting it is. I think as well, that once you sleep with someone in an epic fashion as he did her, it has to be harder to ignore their passes. It was probably a bad idea on my part to let that go down, but they say hindsight is 20-20. At the time I thought letting them fuck it out was the right move, now I am not sure.
One of the days that Sharon and Peggy were laying out in our yard, I came home unexpectedly and interrupted something, and was glad I did. Peggy thought I was going to be out most of the day. So did I, but I came back because I needed to check the propane level on my grill, to make sure we had enough gas for a weekend cookout.
I was not surprised when I stepped outside, and I saw Peggy and neighbor Sharon laying out nude in the backyard, it was their actions that was a shock. I was standing on the patio when I noticed they were not just nude but had a bottle of wine in an ice bucket. It was clear what was going on was more than sunning, planned, and probably not the first time they had done it.
The thought of turning around and entering the sliding doors came to me. I figured I could jerk off at the window again. But I had a valid excuse ready, if I was caught, it was to check the propane. All my suppositions came true when I saw Sharon's head in my wife's pussy. Her statement about wanting to eat her pussy was true. Peggy was going fucking crazy from her work, and I could not leave the scene. My wife was holding her head between her legs and was flailing around in joy as she did.
I just stood there in my shirt and shorts with a bulge getting bigger by the moment. They did not notice me right away, so I subconsciously put a hand down my shorts to make some contact with my organ. My cock needed attention, so I pulled out my meat. I was standing there with cock in hand when I got busted, and Big Time.
It was then that Peggy spotted me, and alerted Sharon. They rolled over on their backs to get their breath and address me.
It was Sharon that spoke first, "Nice boner, your timing is impeccable Frank, we both could use that cock you have in your hand right now. I have a strap-on, but why use a toy when a real one magically appears in front of us, and it seems to be ready and available."
Peggy chimed in, making me feel this was not so bad, as it might be the break I was hoping for. I was ready alright, to take them on in the house. There was a catch I soon found out, there always is with women, especially those two when they get together. They said dick out was not enough, that I needed to have the thrill of shedding my clothes and getting naked in our yard. They both testified to how thrilling it is to be so daring, and if I joined the that way they could take it to a new level. I considered it, but did they mean me stripping, and fucking out there? I was hard and turned on enough. I decided I could risk doing that in the semiprivate place by the hot tub where they were sunning, but still preferred to go inside.
Then they promised to give me a dual blow job, and maybe fuck. I assumed it would be where they were. It was the most private spot in the yard near the hot tub that they sun bathe at. I was in, but found out it came with a catch, and I had to rethink that decision. To have my cock worshiped by the two of them, I had to get naked not where they were, but out in the open first. At that point I was willing, as on the deck I was in the open, but at least I would be somewhat obscured by the railing. I pulled my shirt off to start undressing when they objected. They clarified that out in the open was in the middle of the yard like they claimed they have not only stripped at, but sun bathed nude at.
I have never seen Peg do it, but I have caught the neighbor behind us looking out his window for something. I figured it was just to see if he could catch a glance at them going in or out of the house. That fact made me think that it would not be beyond her to undress out there, and especially with Sharon to give her courage. I told them I have seen that they have an admirer out there at times, and they confirmed they knew it. They said they have stripped when they knew he was looking, and treated him to a good view of their nude body's. They did not think he ever saw them engaging each other.
Peg said, "We were discussing, and considering it when we spotted you."
Sharon said, "We would like him to see us with a nude man, a hot one like you as we team up, suck your cock and eventually fuck you."
This whole thing was such a bad idea, but had its enticements. But I still thought they were just fucking with me. I tried to put up an argument against the center of the yard part of the deal. I did the full, "What if he sees just me stripping naked? He might think I was gay."
Sharon had the reply for that, "So you think old Joe back there will rush out to try to suck your cock? Not likely, he has shown a strong desire for a woman by moving outside to give us a show. Just like you have been doing from your den or kitchen window, he jerks off to us, he has even been more obvious with his sessions. He wants us to see him."
"First he got more daring and would pull it out of his pants, showing us his hardon, then he added jerking to his display. Pulling it out of his pants and jerking off did not show enough and give him the thrill he wanted I guess. He stepped it up again, we were nude, so he stripped on his deck and got on his lounger to jerk off. He has even walked all the way out to the edge of his deck to jerk for us. I think he is hoping we would invite him over. So he is just as much of a flasher as we are, and let's face it, you have been before with me."
She added, "It was you however that inspired us to want to blow a naked guy's cock out there, yours. I guess this is also my chance to get back at you for that nude jerk off stunt you pulled on me. So what do you think Peg? Since he likes jerking off in the window, the thrill would be bigger for him and us if he strips and jerks off as we gather our stuff to come over to him. We can in good faith take our blanket with us, and suck his cock in the open spot."
Being seen naked, jerking off, and then getting a blow job in my yard seemed to be just too risky. But I was so hard and turned on I had to reconsider. I still had my cock in my hand. The two of them were buzzed and determined to get me to join. Using everything they could come up with to persuade me. They said if I did not hurry and get naked under their conditions, they were not interested. But it was clear they were anxious to make it more than just worth my while, if I got their drift.
I am not stupid, well maybe my little brain is. I knew what they meant, and was not going to pass up on the chance for a full-blown MFF. So there I was, I made one last attempt to plea to not have to get naked and have the threesome in the open. To just strip right where I was on the deck, and then just walk and not run to where they were. They were not buying it, and they were fucking with me by adding even more to it. I could not let go of my cock and that made my resistance seem weak, and it was. Sharon with Peg's backing said it was my last chance to take the offer. I had to strip out in the open, but jerk off while they gather the blanket to join me. They knew they had me. So did I, as I had been dreaming about a true threesome with them for ages.
I walked to where they were first, and I took a big drink of their wine on my way to give in. I checked for the neighbor behind us, his car was there, but did not see him. Sharon lives on one side of us, and the house on the other side's view was more limited than the back. That minimized the risk.
So I did it, I stood in the open middle of the yard and stripped off my clothes. I did get a thrill when I lost my boxers, my last piece of clothes, and looked down to see my dick was hard enough to stick out on its own. I stood there naked to the world, and more likely to any neighbor that might be watching. I did have some understanding why Peg and Sharon are so daring outside in the daylight, there is a thrill attached to public nudity, without the jerking it would not have been too bad. I would have liked it better if the back neighbor had a hot wife that wanted to watch me fulfill their demand.
I was standing there with a full-blown boner, and started taking nice easy strokes of my cock, as they took their good old time of course. It seemed to be taking forever. The longer I jerked though, the more my thrill was magnified from just them watching me. The neighbor would have only known I was nude by seeing my naked ass, but he would eventually figure it out. I was giving Peg and Sharon a pretty good show. I was not far from getting off, I considered cutting my loses, and just cum and enjoy that. Peg knew that look, in fact, I think both of them realized it. So they quit stalling and headed over and brought the blanket. What I had done already told me I must have some exhibitionist tendencies like them.
I think they were afraid I was going to use up a cumshot and leave, and I might have. We all three were now totally nude in the middle of our yard. My hard cock sticking straight out, and at that point I did not care if he saw me jerking it, so I still was slowly. I wanted him to know what I was getting ready for. When they got situated on the blanket I stood over them still jerking. Yes I was still standing while nude, but when you're standing that way with two naked women on their knees about to suck your cock, it is easier to add jerking off. At that point I was hoping to be seen and be aware of it. Their view of me was of my balls and shaft as they looked up. As usual, their target was the guy behind us, they have been teasing a while, I was standing still facing to the side. One was off to each side displaying what I was doing, and Sharon had her big ass toward his house.
I could not believe this was happening, and I was taking part. I was with my horny nude wife and neighbor, who I knew both had bad intent, and that caused me to get involved. So I just stood there and teased them with my hand sliding up and down my cock. Their state of horniness was obvious. It was my turn to fuck with them, so I got into my full jerking off again and told them. "Maybe if I just jerk this off and cum on you, it will be enough for the two of you, and we can go inside and fuck?"
"Stop right now, or we will drag you over to where Joe is watching from, and see if he likes guys. You have been jerking for Joe too, he must have a camera out back, Sharon's big ass always gets his attention."
So I let go of my cock with their promise that they would take over. My God it felt good to have them on their knees and have both of their attention in the open. If they were not fucking with me, we had an audience that would have to envy me. I looked quickly, and thought I saw a figure standing in his door. It was hard to sneak a peek when one was on my dick, the other sucking my balls. They were sucking it every way they could think of.
When they got tired of being on their knees, I laid down in between them as I let them apply sun lotion to almost all of my body. They skipped my penis, so I got even more excited knowing the oral was not over yet. As they applied it, I had a chance to get to mostly aim my eyes to see they were honest about Joe watching. He apparently decided that if we could lay out nude, he could lay on his deck nude and jerk off watching the show.
Now I believed they did not exaggerate his courage as a voyeur. He did have some shrubs on both sides, and had the same amount of privacy that we did. But we had each other once he started joining. I am sure to Peg and Sharon, seeing a guy like him that after some viewing time. I saw was not bad looking. Add the fact that he was nude and jerking his cock, created a good show for them as well. I wondered how long they have played this game with him.
He was putting lotion on too, but mostly on his cock as lube I am guessing, as my view was better, and I could tell it was standing up as he stroked it. I was warming up to the idea of being watched with two women, while knowing there was another guy who only got to watch and jerk off. They were cucking the neighbor man with my assistance.
The next thing I knew I was on my back with my flag pole sticking up too, but I had two mouths on my cock and balls again. But this time with their asses up toward my head. I had easy reach and was then in the game as I had fingers in each pussy. I had an even better view of him then, I could see him as I looked down at the girls. I got a chill of fear when he got up and walked to the opening, and was coming down the stairs from his deck. I did not know what to think, but he stopped there, my guess was that this was getting hot, and he wanted a better view, it was a close view, close enough for me.
I soon had Peg's pussy on my face, and Sharon had my legs up and after sucking both balls at once started to rim me. It was awesome feeling, being envied only made it better. Soon they changed places. Sharon was on my face, but Peg was reaching down to guide my dick inside her pussy, her and I have never had sex anywhere but in the hot tub after dark, and it is pretty much obscured. I did not see the neighbor, I had a face full of pussy. The fact that Peg was riding my cock facing his way, her breasts flopping up and down told me he was still there.
During our threesome we did a lot more things, and was doing them in the yard. Fucking outdoors in daylight I found was mind-blowing. Being that it was a threesome, we did most of the FFM stuff we could remember from porn. My favorites were Sharon eating Peggy out, as I shoved my cock in deep inside Sharon and fucked her. I felt so close to them sexually with us all three engaged in an act with each other. Now I could see that Joe had moved closer, he was in the middle of his yard like we were in ours. He was keeping busy with his cock, obviously no longer trying to be the least bit stealth either. He was standing up at deck opening to his backyard. He wanted to be seen too. Even though add a distance, it added to the threesome seeing my neighbor standing there cranking on his cock.
I was going to give him a show, I lined them up with their big asses facing me and letting me take turns fucking them. I was, and I am guessing they looked right at him at their tits were swinging. It was their idea, they wanted to watch the neighbor too. I think if he had the nerve to come over when they were messing around without me, at least Sharon would jump him. I would like to think Peg would pass on it, I think she was in it more for the tease. We all three could see him without it being too obvious. It was obvious enough, as he stood up and got more serious and finished himself off. I could barely see the cum of course, but the girls and I know what a guy looks like cumming, his body language was a giveaway. I think most of us guys must bend over a little when we are cumming. He shook it off, but kept watching standing there naked. He was not going to miss anything, and we were not going to stop.
Old Joe was standing there drinking what ever he had sitting on the rail. Once his cock relaxed he had it in his fingers. He was pissing, not sure if it was intended as part of the show, I think he just had to piss, and did not want to miss anything.
The whole show ended with me cumming on their breasts. Then the girls not to be out done, stood there waving as they spread their legs enough to piss standing up. Then we all walked hand in hand back to the house. It was a pretty good show for all of us I think, they were talking about how hot it was seeing him relieve himself, and then pissing for him. I thought watching someone piss was just a guy thing.
Our shower is big enough for two, but we managed to get all three in there. Not enough room to fuck properly, but they apparently were still thinking about the piss show, that I had not participated in. The two of them got close together and Peg said, "How about adding your shower head to the other, I can't think of a better place to try that."
Nothing shocked me after our romp outside for the neighbor. So I stood there and pissed all over them, they caught me at a good time, I had to go. Things wrapped up soon after that, they lathered me up and jerked me off together. I had one hand on each of their butts as they finished me, and I did notice that I bent a little at my waist when I made my (Oh Face) and came.
Come to think of it, I never did get around to checking the propane level that day, but I knew I was low on cum after that. I have to say, I was more than satisfied sexually by the way things went down.
____________________________________
Peggy and I were having some awesome and frequent sex after the threesome. Just the two of us fucked for Joe. We were coming in nude from the hot tub and seen him outside. This time I had her leaning over the deck railing tits hanging down as I fucked her. It was a just as awesome feeling to me, but not as big of show with just two of us, but he seemed to like it, and so did we. We had a crazy unspoken thing going. We all three had schedules that made us all three there on Wednesdays, and Sharon not. So we started having hump day sex for him. It was a good thing for all three of us. He liked the show, we liked having the audience of a guy we really did not know very well. There was nothing like fucking in crazy ways for a guy we barely knew, who would in turn jerk off and watch.
Our general nudity around the house had become more common too. Even now and then we would party that way with Eric and Sharon. Usually the girls would come in nude, and we would join them that way. I was becoming so aware of Eric and Peggy's feelings getting out of control again then, I think Sharon did too. We would take turns watching each other fuck, I could see Peggy looking at Eric, and him looking back as I pounded Peg. She even tried to make sure he got a view that was more her then me.
Eric wanted the better view too, as he would take Sharon doggie, so he could focus our way as she sat legs open. I know it was not Sharon he was thinking about as he got off inside her. It was always good sex, I should not complain, but it was worrisome to me at times.
I did catch the view of Sharon making the walk, well to be more accurate, the trot of shame topless from Joe's to her place. I think she was in to big of hurry to dress, she has to leave for work earlier than me. I wondered if that would affect the dynamics of her activities with Eric, or even Peg for that matter.
______________________________________
Then Came Chrisy, and Friend!
We were soon thrown a curve and had to at least suspend our new habits, and even our more frequent sex. It was only to be for a week though, Peggy's 18-year-old niece and her 19-year-old friend were about to visit us. She said she was concerned about being responsible and things, the male nudity for sure would have to stop. Eric told me he was banned, she did not trust him with the girls. I assumed she was going to stop hers too, I couldn't imagine her being nude in front of them either.
These kinds of visits were her family's custom. Kids would stay with her parent's siblings and it was reciprocal. Peg lost her virginity to her aunt's neighbor while staying with her the summer before she started college. These girls were the same age.
I had not seen little Chrisy since she was 16, and although she looked young, she was starting to develop. We had no neighbor boys, so that was not a problem, and Eric was banned. But even at 16 her mom let her dress, well I will just say a little slutty. She let her do her own makeup as well, she could have passed for legal in some guys' eyes even then. Peg knew little about her friend Lauren, but Peg's sister blamed her for them breaking curfew and hanging with who she thought were a bad influence.
I had mixed feelings about the visit, I was not sure if I was up to having crazy teens around. I was getting used to all the drinking, drugs, and nudity, and would miss it. But it was only a week, and I found out I was wrong. Not all of those activities were curtailed, things just seem to happen in our world. They usually resulted in the temptation of either Peg or me.
They were not here a day before they were asking if it was OK to sunbathe nude, that they wanted to get rid of tan lines like Auntie Peggy. I just could not imagine them doing it with me home.
I also realized that I was too old to even look, and that it might be torture for me. I was not going to be able to ignore their sex appeal. I was also getting to the (he is an old perv age) with girls that young. Peggy and I are 12 years older and consider ourselves young, and are to people our age and older. I remembered that when we went through that age, someone our age now was considered ancient. On the first day of the visit, I was treated to the two of them in tiny bikinis. It kind of made me glad we had not decided to have kids yet. I could not handle a daughter, or her friends with young tits and asses hanging out of their swimwear.
Chrisy and her friend might be just a tease, but it is a whole different thing when that sexy teen tease is your child.
One good thing that came with the visit, was it quelling Peggy's and Eric's temptations. I did not even see him much that week.
Peggy did give in to letting them sun au natural by showing them where it was relatively safe to untie their bikinis near the hot tub. She explained the neighbor peep, and that they should not travel to the tub area without suits. That rule did not stand for her, and she walked out nude and joined them that way. Once I was home when then the three of them came in, and Peggy came in still nude. I guess she figured the neighbor seen all of her, and I was the only male home and her husband. I was still surprised she did that with them visiting. She as of that moment was in nothing at all, and seemed not in a hurry to dress.
This brought a protest from Chrisy, "This is not fair, why do we have to wear tops in the house when you get to stay topless, or even nude like you are now?"
"Why? Because it is not just us girls here, I can't kick out your perv uncle. That and your mom would be pissed if she found out I let you go that way in front of him."
Then added, "Look your uncle Frank over there is showing a bulge in his shorts with you just in bikinis. If I let you go tits out, he might want to walk around with his boner out. He is used to seeing me, he and I run around her naked quite often when alone, but a naked male with you two new young ones would be too much."
"My mom is just going to have to get over it, I am 18, and declaring my Independence. What happened to Auntie Peggy that took me to get my ears pierced without her OK for my 16th birthday?"
"Don't play me, Chrisy, you are not going to take your top off. You wouldn't dare, not in front of your uncle."
She took that cheap shot at me to try to prove her point. The daring teenager syndrome some call it, kicked in. You don't forbid them to do anything. Chrisy dropped her top of course, and the cutest, and not-so-little-anymore, and perky teenage breasts appeared right in front of my eyes. Her friend Lauren had to beat that. She did, and beat it not just with her larger breasts size. She was more rebellious and quite fearless. That was proved when she turned my way and pulled her bottom strings too, letting her bottoms fall, and was now totally naked for me. Now in addition to a naked wife, I had titles showing on a niece and a totally naked busty teen with a neatly trimmed bush. She was a real blond who knew she had a body and was flaunting it. I had to readjust things down below.
I wasn't going to say anything, I was speechless and taking it all in. But her aunt Peggy was looking pissed. Chrisy met her friend's challenge, and pulled her strings. Then she was showing her auburn-trimmed bush to her auntie, then she turned to give her uncle a better view. Now I was the only one dressed, and had two teens teasing me naked. Peggy tore into them again. I tried to admire their courage and not just their two near-flawless young bodies. I guess you have to get older to appreciate a teen's body. I was probably admiring and appreciating these two teen bodies too long. I have seen a lot of my wife's and neighbors lately, but even 10 to 12 years takes away some freshness. I do remember Peggy and me being more fit at that age, and I swear I remember getting stiffer more often at that age. I have felt myself losing confidence, or pride is a better word, in myself nude.
The craziness that you have in those latter teens, and early 20s are almost gone for me. I will still get naked for a stranger in the right circumstances, usually when lit. Even then I don't have the pride, or the strut in my walk is not there when I have my dick out for someone new. Women do carry that pride in their sexual parts longer, but it because us men ogle them if for nothing else, for their tits and pussy we focus on. A guy's dick, especially flaccid does not get the same attention.
Well the two of them joining her nude did not go over well with Peg. But it was no longer three girls, an uncle was unable to take his eyes off of them, and she realized that.
"You two brats, I guess your old enough I will bend enough to be OK with an occasional titty show, even in front of your uncle, but only if it's just the four of us. I guess he will have to get used to it. But put those bottoms back on, your uncle likes them bald for convenience, but your teen pussies with those cute little bushes are working on him, you two have caused a bulge in his shorts."
"OK auntie, but you were hesitant when we asked you to wax us, so we would not stand out at college. So we just wanted to prove a point, that we are standing out to Uncle Frank. I am, well we are big girls now about to go off to college, and nudity around boys is going to be more common there. I can't wait to party naked with guys my age. The fact that Uncle Frank saw us and I did not freak out makes me feel like I will be able to do it for college boys as well. I am glad we got a reaction out of him with our trimmed bushes, but I know bald pussies are the thing now."
"For the record, we are not virgins, we have been naked in private for boys, but immature teen ones. They did not care about our bushes when they fucked us, but neither one of us has ever had our oral favors returned, it has to be the bushes. We are hoping college guys won't be that way, and be quicker, and more proficient at giving us oral."
I did not burst their bubble nor did Peg, and tell them college-age boys are not any better, probably worse in many ways, they expect more but don't reciprocate even if they are bald. I might not have been what you call freaking out, but I had some pretty good wood going in my shorts. It was not my every day hardon, or even one I have gotten around Peg's friends when we have skinny-dipped in a friend's pool on occasion. This one took me back to when I was their age, and I was doing my best to hide it. These were not just cute teens, they were past that, they were sexy young women that had already shown me all of themselves. I could not take my eyes off their tits that were still exposed. I was doing my best not to get busted. It was going to be a long trying week.
I knew I was going to be tortured, but yet I could not wait to get home from work the next day to hopefully get to see their teen tits some more. Yes, I guess all guys my age have perv tendencies when it comes to naked teens and their still-perfect bodies. I guess I should have at least had a clue what I might see when I got home, but I am still not sure if anything could have prepared me for what I was seeing.
There were three nude babes sprawled out when I came in, two young ones and an older one. I recognized their positions, they were that of what a freshly waxed woman would be. Peggy was too, she must have at least had her pussy touched up. The two younger ones, were totally waxed for the first time, and it really showed in their demeanor.
They were not so sassy and, were spread out even more than Peg in the air conditioning, and under the ceiling fan. They all three had their legs wide open to take in the cool air from the ceiling fan that was cooling their freshly waxed pussies. Peg did not even call them on that since she was feeling it too. They had been thoroughly waxed and had the standard Aloe shine to their private areas. I tried not to focus more on Peg's than theirs, but these were new bald teen pussies that I couldn't ignore. I was not really related to either of them, I was only an uncle by marriage to one.
I was used to Peggy's pussy shining like theirs were after a wax, she always left hers uncovered around me most of the next day when she got a total wax. She should know already that she was an example to the girls. But it was to my benefit that she had her legs open extra wide to get all the cooling possible. The teens were following her lead and could not be spread any wider. The split in their labia was open far enough that when they would move around they were exposing some pink. How could I not imagine what their pussy's looked like close up.
The teens were putting on a brave face, and were hurting too bad to look embarrassed. But I was not sure if they would be anyway. I think they were kind of proud to have an older male to show their new baldness to, and they did. Neither one tried to hide anything, if anything they opened their legs wider when they saw they had my attention.
I had been fully waxed by Peggy a couple of times, and after that, I started to shave most of my area. Chrisy was curious, and wanted to know if I was bald down there, she had boyfriends that were partly manscaped before. I was not about to show her, and Peggy was not about to make me, at least at that point. She told Chrisy I was, that I shaved most of the area, but she still did my penis and testicles.
It was true, I still let Peggy wax my balls and shaft. I don't want to use a razor on such an important part of my body. It does not take as long for Peg to do a partial, but boy does it burn.
I had to leave the room for a while and take a shower. I often do after work in hot weather like it was, but this one was not one of my normal showers after what I had seen. Even though I tried not to stare I could picture them while I showered. Their flawless bodies, their tiny waistlines, and their butts were so cute you just wanted to take a bite out of them. I jerked off imagining I was tit fucking Lauren's larger breasts.
When I got done with hers, I imagined I was fulfilling her wish, and eating Chrisy's teen pussy. I could almost taste it, all fresh and so smooth from the waxing. I should have been ashamed of myself, but I was too busy jerking one off to be. I finished my shower by taking some cold water to try to settle myself down. I was not sure if it worked, but I put on a pair of workout shorts wanting to be at least close to them in dress. I am still pretty fit, maybe a hint of abs still showing. Yes, I wanted to show my better features to these girls, who when I got home seemed to be hurting too bad to care.
When I got back from the shower things were worse. Picture two hot teens not just naked, but putting a fresh coat of Aloe on each other's freshly waxed pussies so gingerly. Chrisy with her legs spread open enough to allow her friend to get all of her labia. I started to think they were now teasing me, Lauren spread open enough to actually show her hole. Lauren busted me watching I am sure. I know that because she took some more Aloe, and continued to run her fingers up Chrisy's crack. She repeated that stroke more than she needed to, and then on the last pass she made sure Peg was not looking, then looked at me as she let her index finger penetrate Chrisy's hole. She even took a couple of strokes. Chrisy did not complain. In fact, that move looked like it put a smile on her face as it enlarged the bulge in my shorts.
Is this kind of behavior that is purely meant to tease a man that is watching instinctual in females? We guys are clueless as far as how to tease a woman when their age. Guys think just showing our hard cocks is enough to turn a female on. That is only true with some MILFs, and even more matures. We all have done it as teens, shown our hard dicks to girls our age, to only be rejected for doing it.
(My first good blow job from a mature when I was 18. I was doing some work at a divorced neighbor woman's house. I scooted under her sink to take the trap off to clear a clog. I was aware that when I scooted, my shorts didn't scoot as much. I was trying to concentrate on fixing the sink, but knowing my cock was close to being exposed clearly by accident put it on its own and trying to stand up. Then found out how it looked to her when I felt her pulling my shorts off, and her warm mouth engulfing it. She did a good job getting it the rest of the way up, and then fondled my balls as she sucked until I filled her mouth full of my seed. No girl my age had ever taken a shot.)
There I go getting off subject, so back to the story.
Once the girls and Peg got their new coating of Aloe Vera, Peg showed them another way to cool the area. She showed them how to use the ottoman to put their legs up and get the maximum effect from the fan. Their spread legs gave their perv uncle an even better view. I think Peg did that to me on purpose to tease me, the brat!
You could tell they were hurting and wanting more of the cool breeze. They were trying to avoid any friction. I volunteered to go pick up Pizza to give myself a break. I put on a tee for the trip. I was so worked up, and even though I had jerked in the shower, I found it just too easy in workout shorts to take my dick out to stroke it on the drive there, and back. I just could not help it, I was so stiff I felt like a teen. It had almost been that long since I had my dick out in the car while alone. I did not do it to get off, but I sure enjoyed playing with it while thinking about what was waiting for me.
When I got back Peggy was now in the recliner with her legs spread, and she only got a touch-up. In the room there was a total of 3 bald pussies, 3 pairs of bare breasts of different sizes, and three bare asses. That was my view as I handed out drinks, napkins, and plates of pizza. I was overdressed, so I lost just my tee and sat and joined them.
Chrisy is such a smart-ass teen, but I liked her thinking. "Auntie Peg, Uncle Frank looks hot playing waiter bare-chested, and with that bulge in his shorts. You told us he is bald down below too. I know a bald groin makes both pussies, and penises stand out. Wouldn't a nude Uncle Frank just take this scene to a new level? We are going to see a lot of dicks flaccid, and hard at college, it will be a learning experience for us."
She left me lost for words but not thoughts. I was thinking about how good it might feel to lose my shorts and join the two teens and Peg naked. Much better than just being naked for Peg and Sharon. I would get to lean over these young girls nude, my hard dick in their reach. I would love to show them that a boner on a guy my age is no different that what they have been handling.
Peggy replied to Chrisy's request, she was at least as buzzed and almost as ornery as they were. "You are right Chrisy, but I don't want to make him get nude just for show, because he would like that. But it's not fair that he is in no pain and staring at us girls, mostly you young ones. I guess we can let him lose the shorts, but only if he lets me make things even. I think he needs a little work down there, I can attest his balls and groin are getting stubby, and irritating my face, and my coochie."
"Go get the stuff Auntie, Lauren and I will get him ready for you."
Well, Peggy surprised me, she went for her wax kit knowing what the girls had in mind. She was right, the girls gingerly got up and came over to me and started pulling on my shorts as I was still eating pizza. I pretended to fight them but then used the excuse, "You should not do this to an uncle. I am not fighting it because I don't want to risk bumping you where you are hurting."
I was prepared I thought, and even figured they knew what was about to happen. Once they got the waistband past my knob, my flag pole popped up and was in front of their faces. They could not hide their surprise at it. It was about then that I realized Peggy must have been drinking to agree with Chrisy and let them strip me.
So there I was naked and erect, sitting on an old quilt Peggy uses as a drop cloth to catch any dripping wax. Peg came back and was sitting on the ottoman between my spread legs, the girls were on each side of me.
Peggy did not pass on a chance, "Gee Frank, you are old hat at this, but you usually don't get that hard before I even start. These teens really are getting to you, I see."
"Don't pick on him auntie, that is a big penis compared to what I have seen, I am impressed."
"It gets the job done, but don't give him a big head, there have been bigger ones around here."
Well, she just had to say that, kind of emasculating. But only she and I knew she was referring to Eric who I let her fuck. I liked being the biggest dick in the house for a change. She was then busy spreading the wax on when Chrisy offered, well she just jumped in and helped her. She wrapped her hand around her uncle's boner like it was on a steady boyfriend. It's not Eric's, but these teens were still impressed with my slightly bigger than average cock, because it stood out without any pubes. Chrisy was really into helping, so she pressed my boner against my belly to expose my balls for her auntie Peggy to wax. Oh, the feeling of having my nude niece holding my boner, it just made me even harder.
I could tell by the giggles among the woman in pain that all three of them were drinking, the giggling increased as they handled my hard cock. When her friend Lauren demanded a turn, slurring her words saying it. She was much more daring, well more of a tease. Her hand at the base as she waved it back and forth, then kissed it right on the tip. I knew something was up.
"Oh Peggy my love, did you see that? Have you given these underage girls something for the pain?"
"You know how bad the first time hurts Frank, and you are loving their attention. Yes, I gave them just one shot ahead of time. Well, one to start, then a second shot of Jager when I started ripping the wax off. OK, I guess I forgot, but there was another one while you were getting the pizza."
Three shots was a lot of Jägermeister for these young girls. Right after that confession, she pulled a wax strip off my balls, and I was hurting along with them.
Chrisy said, "Don't worry Uncle Frank, now is a good time to make your debut as the nude male waiter, go get the bottle of that Jager stuff for all of us. If we just had some weed."
Well, we did have some excellent pot, but I was hesitant to bring it up. I don't think there are many teens out there that has not at least tried it. Even senior citizens are using it these days.
I did go for the Jager, even though I was walking with my dick pointed straight out in front of these young girls. I grabbed the bottle and just took a pretty large drink of it. Brought it back, then had a shot with them to try to catch up, they were drinks ahead of me. Two drunk hurting teens, a wife, and her husband are all naked and hurting. With Peg it was no problem, but trying to pour the ones for the girls as they handled my boner was difficult. I can't say I didn't enjoy it, and the fact that Peg was getting to fucked up to care anymore.
I let the girls pick a movie as there was not much we could do with all of us naked, and them hurting from their first wax. I had enough Jägermeister, and was enjoying being the biggest dick for a change. The girls kept coming up with stuff I could get them, like chips. They would not just make comments about my cute butt, or my how they liked seeing my penis swing as I walked. They would handle them, my butt cheeks were getting red from their smacks. After watching about half of a movie Peggy went off to bed, she didn't handle the Jägermeister as good as the girls. She does better with regular wine, what she had just made her sleepy. I did not mind at all, it was any guy's dream to have legal teens naked with him in his family room. Lauren gave me a wink when she did. I was about to find out what that was all about.
As soon as they were sure Peg was gone for the night, Lauren fetched some pot and a one-hitter from her bag. Now I was naked with some half-drunk teens that wanted to smoke pot with me. I told them I do partake, but it was a bad idea. They started teasing me, telling me they did not believe that I smoke pot. I gave them another show when I walked nude to get my stash and my biggest bong.
Lauren carefully positioned herself where she and Chrisy's pussy were not in danger of touching each other, and I lit the bong. I probably shouldn't have brought out the big one, the bowl is big too, and I filled it with too much weed. It seemed like we smoked it for half an hour. I was pretty fucked up, but I had no idea how it would affect the girls. I soon found out it made them horny like it did me and Peg. I was not the target, not yet anyway, Lauren was caressing Chrisy's firm teenage breasts right in front of me, kissing her nipples as well. Then Chrisy returned the favor and was sucking on Lauren's even nicer firm breasts. I made a mistake of leaving the Jager bottle out, and I think they hit it again when I went for my bong. They had to have had enough between that and the pot to neutralize the pain. I tested my tolerance by running my hand over my waxed balls. I was l almost pain free, and they had plenty of Jager and pot, and were much smaller beings than me.
I was fucked up, and I assumed they were too. The pot that we smoked came from a friend who grows it, and Peg and I have decided that it has some kind of effect as an aphrodisiac. I was having a hard time keeping my hands off myself. The girls so far were showing their reaction to it with each other. My cock was starting to swell just from touching my own balls, I wanted to grab it. I was pretty proud of what I was showing at half-mast. Damn I wanted to jerk off, but was not fucked up enough to be willing to do that in front of these girls. I would have excused myself to go fuck Peg, but once she is down if I wake her, she gets pissed. I really did not want to miss the show I was getting, I just wanted to jerk off while I watched.
I think they sensed my feelings, as soon I had one on each side of me sucking my tits. Chrisy reached for my cock, and tried to handle it lightly. She said, "Oh my, did we cause that hardon to come back? How about lets making a deal? Us eating each other out for you while you jerk off for us."
"You little brats, you are just plain being mean to me. You girls are too sore to be eating pussy. I think you should be getting to bed too."
They did not take my advice, at least not about going to bed. It was partly my fault, I got them fucked up on the pot. They were back to nibbling on my tits, then I thought we lost Lauren, as only Chrisy was working my tits. Then I felt a warm teen mouth on my knob. Chrisy stopped long enough to say, "Save me some of my uncle's dick Lauren, I want some too!"
I was sitting on the couch with two teens on me, was I a good adult Uncle and turn them away, Fuck No!
I was not going to turn that experience down. I thought Lauren was sticking to my knob, and not my shaft. I was glad of that, because my shaft was still in a little pain. But if you are getting blown by a couple of teens, you can take a little. They may have forgotten, or were too stoned to care, because then they both got on my shaft, but mostly just licking it. I should have forcefully stopped them, but I was in sexual heaven.
What a view I had to add to the sensations. Two pairs of teen breasts to look at and feel as they rubbed against my thighs. At one point they had me on my back on the floor. Still sucking my cock, but my view had changed. Their round butts were up in the air, one on each side of me, and in my reach. I could not help but to feel their butts up, being careful when I ran my hands up their thighs to their honey pots. I knew if I was careful, and came in from above with my fingers, I could avoid the more tender areas closer to their butts.
I slowly worked two fingers in each of them. I figured I should return their action on my cock. The deeper I penetrated them, and faster I stroked them, the more serious they got with my cock. I knew I was giving them pleasure when they could not stay still, there was little noise from them as their mouths were full most of the time. At my age, this was some mind-blowing sex, even though it was just oral and finger fucking. I wish I could have eaten at least one of their young pussy's out.
One was getting serious on my knob, and one was sucking my balls. I completely forgot they were tender when they were in their mouth.
I knew I was not going to last much longer, and was doing my best to try not to cum, but it was difficult. Their biggest warning was me pulling my fingers out of them, then all I could get out was, "Look Out!"
The next thing I felt was young lips clamped on my shaft, and rope after rope of my cum entering a mouth. I looked down and Lauren was lifting her head, and had some of my cum running out the sides of her mouth. I got to watch something I have only seen girls do in porn. Lauren transferred some of my seed to Chrisy's mouth. Then showed me their mouths full of cum before swallowing it, and engaging each other in a deep kiss that lasted a while. We ended up lying on our backs with me in the middle.
I thought we were done when we got our breath. Then the two of them were leaning over with their breasts in my face.
Chrisy said, "Uncle Frank, you neglected our boobies, are they too small for you, I know auntie Peg's are large."
So I gave them no verbal answer, I just got to sucking their teen titties. They liked it and were almost fighting to get mouth work from me, I was trying to please one with my hands as I did the other. I was not the first to notice that my cock was rock hard again. Chrisy had a grip on it with her little hand.
"Uncle Frank, your hard again, and loved the fingering you gave us, but we did not get off. Maybe we could take a ride on your cock?"
I had gone much further than I should have at that point, much further. But I did want to get off again. So I made them, or more like revisited the deal I was offered earlier. I was not going to go to bed hard.
I grabbed my cock and started jerking, telling them, "Well, I changed my mind about the mutual masturbation, let's all get off together and then agree to go to bed, I have to work tomorrow."
I had learned to really like masturbating for strangers, doing it for Sharon when Peg and I pulled that stunt on her hooked me. Having this being two teens made it even better. You would have never known they had any kind of discomfort while they were going at it. Sometimes getting off is worth a little pain, the orgasm is the payoff.
They scooted up close to me as I proudly stroked my cock, and they finger fucked themselves, what a view. They had done this duet thing before, as they had fingers on one hand in their own pussy, and the rubbing their friends clit with the other. Just trading hands!
I had already came once, so I had some staying power. I watched them both get off before I got on my knees to finish for them.
Chrisy, "I get this one Uncle Frank, but I will share like Lauren did."
So there I was full handing it, as my knob was coming close to her lips. I let go in what I thought was just in time for her to get her mouth over it. It was a little to early, she realized it, and finished it with her tongue on my knob and glans. Oh, did that do the trick. I watched her take it all, and then did the share thing with Lauren. I was done, stick a fork in my ass done.
I left them still in an embrace as I went off to bed. I was one Happy camper, I climbed in bed, and laid there with a smile on my face, and limp cock stuck to my leg as I dosed off.
All I could think about was what kind of fuck they would be. That is just what a man's mind spends most its time on.
I waited two days, it was not intentional, but I was being teased relentlessly with the three of them running around the house topless, and sometimes in and out of the sliding door to the deck nude. Then on a day Peggy had to work, I was able to come home for a long lunch sporting a boner fueled by my bad intentions. I saw that the girls were out in the yard, and yes nude and sunning. It was my turn to both fuck with them, and fuck at least one of them if that made the move. I stripped naked myself, and boldly went out to fetch them. When I got their attention, I just said, "Daddy's Home for Lunch."
I waited in the house, and they came in nude carrying the bottle of Jager. I just stood there with a boner that even a young guy would be proud of. They seemed to get off on the fact that I stripped down for them, and was ready for action. Niece Chrisy was more forward with me about fucking. She must have had the most false courage from getting into the Jager again, and told me she wanted to help Lauren please me. Lauren and she had been sharing info and scheming.
Then things got started, "I think we can help you with that big hard penis Daddy," Lauren said.
"I'm in too Uncle Frank, I would love to have my uncle's big penis, Oh that sounds so dirty! But I would like to have it in my pussy, I want to fuck an Uncle," added Chrisy.
I almost came just hearing their plans, I had two teens in the living room, all three of us nude. By the time they had their little hands on it, I was into their plan and ready. I figured that even though I wanted to just jump the two of them, I could not do it. I had to let them be the aggressors, I had no problem with that. My feelings that the one that called me uncle and claimed she wanted to fuck me, and really was my wife's niece were strong. She was not related, but I still was Uncle to her, but the feeling she was off limits were nearly gone, lost most of them the first time they sucked my cock. Her naked teen body down below me on her knees with her friend and their mouths on my cock changed my outlook on things. I was glad I was more sober this time, things seemed more real.
I no longer wanted to have just one, I knew for a guy my age this would be the mother-lode. The girls had enough Jager to pull it off I thought. I ended up on the floor with Lauren first lowering her big breasts to my face, so I could nibble on her nipples. All this as little Chrisy was holding up my cock, and licking her Uncle Frank's smooth balls. There was no doubt that the girls were working with false courage from the booze, and I detected in their eyes that they were a bit stoned as well. When I was their age I never missed a chance to get high.
I did not think I could take much more. I was shocked again when I felt her tongue go in my asshole.
It was time to hit the floor with them, and when we did, I had Lauren sitting on my face, and Chrisy was on her own down there and sucking my cock. She worked her way up my shaft to my knob and was working the most sensitive part of my penis. I had some experience with two at once, and never teens even when I was one. Their bodies smelled so fresh and new, but not their breath, it was not bad, it was just laced with alcohol, and pot. I had a moment of clarity and thought these girls are almost drunk, and I should stop things. About then, I felt what had to be Chrisy's hand guide my cock in her young pussy. So now I had a teen pussy on my face, and that calls considers and calls me uncle sliding down on my cock. Oh, it felt so good to have a teenage pussy surrounding my cock. I felt young again, no fool like and old fool they say.
This lunch hour was making any inconvenience of spending the whole week with teen guests worthwhile. No pussy could be sweeter than a freshly waxed teenager's pussy. I just loved sticking my tongue in a hole that has not had as many cocks and tongues as my usual partners. I had been sharing my own wife's, she was hooked on my buddy Eric's tongue work, and larger cock.
If this was not enough I had young Chrisy fucking her uncle. I had not even had Peggy in over a week, she has been entertaining the girls, and now I was. I got into licking Lauren's clit, I was also giving her strokes from her butt hole up to her clit with my tongue until she got off. She rolled off, and Chrisy was so into fucking me, I was glad to be able to watch her perky boobs jiggle. "She started talking dirty, "Do you like to have your hard adult dick in your niece's young pussy? I don't care what Auntie Peggy says, you are so big Uncle Frank. I would like you to do the fucking now, I was not taking it all, I want you to give me all of it, and you can cum in me too if you like."
That was all I needed to know, we rolled over, and I was on top. I was holding her behind her knees and holding them up as I slid my cock in and out of her hole. I was on such a sexual high, I did not know where to focus. I had several choices, and I switched from one to another as I fucked her. That look on her face was mesmerizing. The look on the young face of a teen that is just learning about sex as you are fucking her is special. I did not detect a bit of discomfort as I slid in and out of her. I could not help but to slowly stroke her as I watched my cock as it disappeared inside her, and then come back out with even more of her juices on it each stroke. Then there was those cute teenage breasts of hers, so perky and firm.
They were just perfect, I was sorry I did not take time to suck on them first.
I did not know what to do when I felt close. I wanted to cum inside her so bad, and it was clear she was ready. Her moaning had gotten louder, and she was egging me on.
"Oh Uncle Frank, you feel so good, fill me up when you are ready, it's safe."
So I probably should not have taken her word, but I did. I don't think she had many cumshots, I could tell by the look on her face. Each volley came with a moan, and look of pleasure from her. It was a look I was sure I would remember, and hope I did not learn to regret. It was a surprise to me that she wanted to kiss afterward, it was like it did mean a lot to her. I left my cock in her tight pussy as it lost its erection, in a pussy like hers it felt so good!
Fucking a niece even by marriage was not right, I knew that, but it was her aunt that gave in to let them run around naked in front of me all week. She even let them prepare me for my wax touch up. I was no more guilty than my wife or the girls
.
She was on her back legs spread, and it seemed like she could not wait to show her friend her pie. Lauren was right on it, and slurping it up. I was lying there watching the two of them end up in a 69 eating each other out. It did not end until I was hard and no longer able to stop touching myself. Lauren clearly had more experience than Chrisy. She backed over in a crawl, her big butt first. "Are you ready for some of this Daddy?"
I was more than ready, I slid my cock into her then. So there I was with two hands full of her perfect ass, as I continued to try to give her my best work. She was not easy, but I found the right combination of strokes to get her off. It was an "O" more like my buddy Eric gives my wife. She was overwhelmed, and was shaking as she exclaimed, "Oh Fuck Yeah Daddy." then rolled off of me. She was really flushed as she recovered.
Once she did recover she said, "Don't let me lose this high, take me Daddy. Take me doggy so I can eat Chrisy out, I want her to feel like this."
Well I did not get Chrisy off, but she did. I would like to think it was something she learned from me doing her, but I doubt it. I think Lauren and her were just aware of where to go on each other, and that Lauren was just more orgasmic than Chrisy.
I was still fucking Lauren though, My God! I loved stroking these girls. My penis just felt so good in her too. Once Chrisy came around, she found something to do. Every out-stroke I made put Chrisy's tongue in my asshole. Then she held it so I was dragging my ball sack over it. I loved the contact with her tongue and later with her hand on my balls. I had my hands busy down under Lauren, I just loved holding on to those boobs of hers as I stroked her.
I fucked her much longer than Chrisy, and when I did let loose I had Chrisy there to squeeze my balls. These girls knew a lot for their ages.
Yes, I should have felt guilty about all this, and I figured I might later, but I would be beating myself up forever if I passed on it.
I thought about calling in and taking the rest of the day off to spend more time with them, but why push my luck. I had just fucked two teens, one that called me Daddy, and one that called me Uncle!
I was resting on the floor as Chrisy lapped up her uncle's cum off her friend's cunt. It was quite a scene, but I had to get showered quickly and get back to work.
I headed back to work, but I might as well called off. I was not into looking at figures on a computer screen. I had spent my extended lunch sucking on teen tits, and eating out their pussies, and fucking them. That vision might as well have been on my computer screen as it was all I could think about.
That was pretty much their visit. I did enjoy them, and although grown and legal they were just kids in many ways. I wanted them to have a memory other than getting fucked, and older man that was one of their uncles. So I took two dressed-up teens and my wife out for a fancy dinner. I was unsure if it would help my guilt, but I liked these girls.
As far as I knew Peggy did not suspect a thing.