A continuation of our real life experiences as we explored our sexuality.
*
Our sex life took on a new twist. Upon returning from a night high school football game, I found Kristen at the computer. She told me that she had been chatting with some people who told her about a new club for adults. She was told that the club had a bar, DJ, and buffet. She also informed me that the woman usually dressed in sexy outfits. I asked her what that meant. Kristen said the couple she was chatting with said the woman usually showed quite a bit of skin. Many wore short skirts, skirts with deep leg slits, very low cut tops, and skimpy blouses.
Kristen asked me if I wanted to go. I was eager and asked her when. She replied, "Tonight." I was in shock. It was already 9:00 and the club was almost an hour away, but I was game. Kristen went off to change into an appropriate outfit. She appeared a short time later wearing a short black skirt that had a slit way up her thigh. She wore a sheer white blouse with a blazer over it. To my delight, she wore no bra or panties. The blazer, she informed me, would be worn until she felt comfortable enough with the crowd to remove it. We were off!
We arrived at the club at 11:00; we signed in and paid our membership fee. The place was crowded, but we discovered a table for two along the side of the dance floor. The music was blasting to what I call a bump and grind beat. That was exactly what most people on the dance floor were doing... very slow grinding with legs entwined and hands caressing everywhere.
The women were hot indeed! The outfits left little to the imagination. There were breasts and legs everywhere. Kristen was ready to take her blazer off within the first ten minutes. She was so hot. You could clearly see her breasts through the flimsy fabric. Her nipples were sticking out like erasers.
We moved to the crowded dance floor and joined in. I loved feeling Kristen's ass as we danced. I let my hands roam up and down her sides, finally edging in toward her breasts. I wasn't sure what her response would be to me feeling her up in public like that. She didn't mind at all. I think she was so absorbed in what the others were doing that our actions seemed innocent.
I alternated between rubbing her tits and ass. As I rubbed her ass, I gradually slid her skirt upward. The couple next to us seemed to be watching. The husband gradually turned and guided his wife's ass into Kristen's. My hand was now rubbing between them both. Her husband then reached down and began massaging Kristen's butt. As we drifted a part, I knew this would be a great evening.
At this point, several women had their tops open totally exposing their breasts. Some of these couples had the husbands grinding from behind. The women moved toward each other so that they were rubbing nipples and their husbands were feeling up both women. I wanted to join in, but didn't want to push my luck.
We could not believe it as one of the guys nearby moved behind his wife, bent her over at the waist and pushed her skirt up over her bare ass. He started rubbing against her from behind. He then reached down, undid his zipper, and pulled out his hard cock. He slipped it into her pussy right there on the dance floor not more than three feet away from us. He continued thrusting into her with the beat of the music. We danced for a few minutes more watching him fuck his wife. I felt like I was going to cum just watching.
We returned to our table to have another drink and to sit and watch the crowd. The action was not only confined to the dance floor, it was happening at the tables as well. As we watched, the couple alongside us returned to their table. The woman had her blouse open showing her small breasts. While her breasts were small, she had the longest nipples I'd ever seen. They had to be almost an inch long. Her husband began feeling her up and tugging on her nips to make them appear even longer. Kristen and I couldn't tear our eyes away.
I began to slide my hand up to Kristen's breast, massaging her already hard pink nipple. I slowly unbuttoned her blouse pulling it back and exposing her breasts to everyone nearby. I leaned over and began to suck her rosy nip into my mouth. I was afraid she'd push me away and cover up. Instead, she pulled my head harder into her breast.
When I came up for air I saw that the guy next to us was now between his wives's legs eating her. I slid my hand down Kristen's leg and began moving upward. As I reached her skirt, I began to inch it even higher and lightly brushed her pussy with the tips of my fingers. She moaned softly and began pushing her hips forward.
I took this as a hint to continue playing with her pussy. As I lightly stroked her, she opened her legs more and more. I continued pushing her skirt up as I played. The other couples nearby could now see Kristen's pink pussy. As we watched the other couple we saw that they were was watching us too.
I began to slide my finger into Kristen's dripping slit. As I did this, I spread her lips wide. Kristen's outer pussy lips totally hide her small inner lips when her legs are together, leaving only her puffy slit visible. As I spread her legs, her inner lips looked like two little, red, rose petals. Her entire pussy matched her pink nipples. I began to tug on her inner lips one at a time stretching them outward.
I moved to my knees and started kissing her thighs. As I looked up at Kristen, she leaned back, closed her eyes, and opened her legs even further.
While I was watching her, the woman next to us reached over and began touching her nipple. She ran her finger in circles lightly around it causing to become even more erect. I suspected that Kristen thought it was me playing with her nipple. She then began tugging gently on it extending it even more. By now, several other couples were also watching us as they played themselves. This was like a dream for me. I didn't know what Kristen would do when she saw another woman caressing her breast.
I really couldn't believe it when Kristen opened her eyes and saw that it was the woman next to us playing with her nip. She just smiled, and reached over and began playing with our neighbor's long hard nipple.
As I watched, I started running my tongue up one side of the groove between her inner and outer lips and down the other. I slowly moved in toward her dripping hole. I dipped my tongue in to taste her sweet juice. As I slid it in and out, I pulled back on the skin above her clit exposing the hard pea sized bump. I sucked her clit into my mouth as I went back to fingering her with two fingers. Kristen and her friend were both ready to cum. She began to hump my face and came quickly with a frenzied thrashing.
I returned to my seat next to Kristen. She smiled at me, reached over and grabbed my dick as it was clearly sticking out through my pants. She quickly unzipped my fly and released my raging hard-on. She began jerking me off but quickly switched to giving me a blowjob. I was sitting there in a crowded room with my wife sucking me off. I couldn't believe this was actually happening.
As she licked my dick, I looked around the room to watch other couples who were equally involved. They were watching us, just as we were watching them. Kristen began drawing circles around the head of my dick with her tongue, lightly flicking that sensitive spot on the underside. I was playing with her tits as she slid my cock deep into her throat. Within a few minutes I began to shoot my load into Kristen's waiting mouth. She swallowed every drop. We were both physically and mentally exhausted and decided to call it a night.
Our real life adventures will continue in Part 3.