HA! PG-13!!! Henry and Tessa get to work on revising the R.P.G. game Frisque. Definitely not Rated PG-13...more XXX.
-
"Are you sure it's okay my being here in your home Henry the Ate? I know you're the King of your roost, but still."
Henry McKellen invited his young nineteen-year-old co-worker Tessa Harper in and watched her enter. Carrying a notepad along with a bag of art supplies were barely noticed. What was more in sight was her tight grey shorts that hugged her hips, expressing a devastatingly cute butt in a reveal of swollen lower cheeks. He tried to keep his mind focused, but it wasn't easy. At least her cleavage wasn't exposed in wearing a classic black Star Wars t-shirt, no bra his only dilemma, very bouncy indeed. From behind he could swear she looked like his daughters, if not her shorter blonde hair. Same petite booty with just a bit extra shake.
"If we're going to work closely together on Frisque it's either you come here or me at your place. Seeing as my house is probably larger than your apartment and all of my computer stuff is here it makes sense."
"I don't mind cumming here." She winked over her shoulder catching him checking her ass out. "Are we drawing today?"
"Storyboarding, right? Once we get a scene staged I can mockup the models and generate artwork on the comp."
"Yep! But I was thinking we should draw some too using early episodes as our template to spice those up, add a few scenes and positions in between. I'll draw what scenes I think we can fit in and you can recreate my sketches later, even adding your own. It's called a shared experience, correct?"
"It's called collaboration."
"Right! Is the family home?" She glances around.
"Nope! Just you and I. Piper invited them all out on the town to explore Nashville. Shopping spree too. I just know our bank account is going to bleed out."
"Mmmm! Alone at last."
"Here to work Kid. Not play."
"I'm at my best when I do both. I need to live out what I'm drawing."
"You draw your conclusions, I'll draw mine." He was trying hard to be professional, but this girl had it going on. Perfect body, flirtation, loved to tease. Exactly why Amanda Pruett hired her.
"And meet in the middle? A couple thousand times." She winks setting her bag on the living room recliner. Just that fast Tessa whipped her Boba Sett's out, her shirt up and off in the blink of an eye, two eyes, okay four eyes. Her firm perky tits danced about in freefall from her restricting shirt. Henry shook his head at her quick adaptation to her new environment. "Oh! I gave Svetty your address she might pop over after she gets off work at the YMCA, swim instructor part time. She's looking for a real job but she's picky. I hope you don't mind."
"As long as we get a good start on the Frisque revisions that's fine. I don't know about you, but I like meeting deadlines. Amanda wants something new and improved to get my ratings up so I'm going to deliver."
'Have you given my ideas from the day we had phone sex any more thought?"
"About my kids? I can't do that it's... just wrong."
"Some of the highest-ranking pornos are about incest Henry. It's not like you actually have to have sex with your daughters. It's just utilizing the imagery behind it. Maybe when Svetty gets here we can play your daughters and give you inspiration."
"I don't know Tessa. I'm not comfortable having sex with anyone else in my home. Josie and I might have made an important decision to do as we want as long as we come back together as a family but, my home should be sacred."
Tessa puckers with a nod, "I know a solution to that."
"What is it?" He watches Tessa point to her right. He immediately understood, "Piper's house?"
"She's not home, right? We can go swimming and play by the pool."
"With Travis Herbert watching like a hawk in heat? I don't think so. Even worse Knox Hardecker. He's probably still pissed off... for all of us pissing on him. Asswipe deserved that."
"Wish I'd seen that. I would have joined in." A brilliant idea popped into her head, "Ooo! I have a thought."
"Do I want to hear this?"
"What if when Svetty gets here, she and I go next door and sunbathe. Does your wife have any bikinis we can borrow?"
"About fifty." He chuckled, "What else?"
"If that Knox guy is watching we can coax him over to oil us up and make him think we're seducing him. You can watch and sketch us for the game. You can envision us as your daughters doing it. Just overlook the prick." She was on to something. If either of them only knew how close they were to reliving what Henry's real daughters had experienced with Knox and his buddy Dip, they would be in awe. Henry rather liked the idea of just watching the girls fuck with Knox. It could prove insightful enough to jumpstart his imagination.
"Let me mull it over." He nodded then frowned over a realization, "Wait! Piper has a security system now. Cameras even."
"Piper won't care just warn her. We can jump the fence. As long as we don't touch any doors, right?"
"Worse case is I can call Piper afterwards and tell her it was an accident, and she can shut off the alarm."
"Perfect!" She wiggles out of her shorts and drops them, standing nude outside of her socks. "Let's get busy."
"Damn!" She was too fucking cute.
"Where are we working? Bedroom? Here in your living room?"
"My office for now. This is going to take some getting used to." He almost blushes, "First time seeing you nude in person..."
"Only way I work, got to be comfy. Besides my sexiness might inspire you to invigorate your story plans. When Amanda hired me, she asked how I might put your imagination into overdrive, I told her like this and flashed her my tits. I figured I either had the job or my walking papers. Still here." She smirked hands on her hips.
"I have got to say Amanda's changed some since I began working for her. I sure didn't whip my dick out when applying for work at her gaming design company. That first meeting with you shocked the hell out of me, her giving me a blowjob. Maybe I should have gotten her for sexual harassment." He chuckled, "I wouldn't have to work ever again."
"Where's the fun in that? Did you know your wife gave me permission to fuck you?"
"Excuse me?" He peaked a brow, "Where was I?"
"Over at the neighbor's house. You can confirm I'm not making it up if you want."
"Naaa! I believe you. She doesn't even know we had phone sex yet. I really need to sit her down and keep our line of communication open. We did just come to an agreement to play with anyone we want as long as we're honest with one another."
"The way it should be. Whenever I decide to get into a relationship it would have to be that way, or I wouldn't stick with it. I love being spontaneous."
"I can see that." He looks her over from head to toe, in his gaze she does a slow 360 in step until he nods his approval. "Grab your supplies and follow me." He turns and leads her down the hall toward the back left corner of his main level and enters his disarray office.
"Tank pictures?" She noticed dozens of them on the wall.
"To throw off my daughters. They think I'm designing war games." They both knew differently now but opted to play along and avoid their parents getting upset with their snooping.
"Gotcha! Don't you think they're old enough to understand?"
"Ask me that in a week and a half on their birthday. Until then I'm sworn to secrecy. Josie wants to keep the girls as innocent as possible." Impossible!
"Noble, but impossible." See, even Tessa knew that. "Come on Henry, when I was their age, hell younger, the things I knew, got away with, did... would blow your mind. My parents were a lot like you in thought, but just interacting in school those ethics were tossed out the window. I lost my virginity at 15, don't judge me."
"No reason to. We were young parents too. Josie 15, me 16 when the girls were conceived. Tough in the beginning but we made it. Josie even went on to be a schoolteacher, after having to drop out to be a mother. I went on to college and worked to support us until she could finish school later. By 25 Josie had it all in line, college, parenting, you name it."
"That's awesome. I wondered why you both looked so young and your daughters so old. Makes sense now. By the way your daughters are beautiful, I really do hope we can all be good friends."
"As long as you don't give them ideas."
"Who me?" She grinned evilly, "I'm an angel."
"Uh huh! Have a seat." He sat behind his desk and nodded toward a neighboring loveseat, she chose to stand beside him and attempt to sit in his lap. "What are you doing?"
"If we're going to storyboard by going back over the first episodes, shouldn't I be right here watching the monitor with you?"
"I can tilt the monitor." He shakes his head.
"No, I'll just kneel here beside you." She drops to her knees and begins opening her bag to bring out a sketchpad and pencils. "Shoot!"
"Excuse me?" He laughs.
"That cums later." She winks, "Work first. Start the first episode."
"Okay." He hisses then explores his files to pull up episode one, scene one. A simple enough scene involving his character Emma home alone wondering where her man was. She knowing earlier that he was meeting his ex-wife to discuss their daughter's summer now that they had turned 18. This led to loneliness and offered the gamers playing choices of if she should call him or just go masturbate. Most players obviously chose masturbation. Which Henry and Tessa watched.
"Your illustrations look so real. I've watched these a couple dozen times and still picture myself as Emma. I can see why the game was so popular."
"Was! If my viewership is down, I must be doing something wrong."
"Old school sex is the main problem, I think. People want crazy spontaneous not orchestrated normal routines. We both know the people playing this game need their imaginations to keep sane. Like this scene with Emma just masturbating on her sofa, let's juice it up, add in a scene where she notices out a window that someone is watching her. Expand her desires into exhibitionism faster than you originally did. Let's have her use big toys and let the viewer select the toy. Go big Henry. Horse cock dildo even. Ever watch Caturbate? Some of those models use huge dildos and the tokens go crazy. I use that site to gauge what guys like. I've even been tempted to become a model with Svetty. I know we could bring in big money."
"Again, do NOT give my daughters the idea to do that." He pointed at her with a sneer. Tessa simply razzed him. "Exhibitionism... like the fact Piper next door doesn't have curtains on her windows letting the world see her every move."
"Exactly!"
"And, like Travis who lives on his telescope spying on everyone." He pauses looking up at his ceiling, "Hmmm!"
"What? Brilliant idea?"
"Just wondering something... my daughter Sable's bedroom faces toward his house. She's had a crush on Travis here lately. Is he spying on her?"
"She seems shy, Dakota is the bold one."
"I know she is... we've had encounters... not sex just run ins here lately. Towel dropped accidently... things like that... almost as if Dakota wants me to see her."
"Daddy fascination... it's normal... I did things like that to my dad too. My stepdad even more." She laughed. "Again, don't judge me."
"Did you fuck him?"
"Dad? No, but I let him jerk off in front of me. That's a lie I helped him." She held her breath waiting on Henry to react. "Stepdad? We still fuck."
"Wow! I don't think I could do that with my daughters. Not right." He had no clue they had already watched him masturbate when having phone sex with Tessa a few days back.
"I still tease my dad like crazy. My stepmom works a lot, so I stop by once a week and make his day. We've showered together."
"He jerks off every visit?"
"Gonna make me give you gory details, aren't you?"
"Yeah! I'd really like complete honesty. That's your business what you do, no judge here"
"Grrrrrrr! Okay, yes, I fuck my dad too. He's killer in bed. My stepmom doesn't like sex these days, so I keep him happy."
"Truth or just telling me that to see my response?"
"You asked for honesty... yes, I fuck both dads. Once a week each. When my real mom left dad, he was devastated so I made it all better. His new wife isn't much better sexually. He can't catch a break unless I give it to him."
"Insane! Doesn't that just ruin family?"
"Not mine, I adore them both. My mom's are useless."
"Well, the point is moot. My daughters do not think like that, nor do I."
"Are you certain?" She sits on the floor Indian style looking up at him as he swivels his chair to face her, stretching his legs out for comfort. "You just said Dakota lost her towel seemingly on purpose. Is that all she's done?"
Pondering it he clasps his hands over his abs, elbows on his chair arms, "The girls and I did wrestle the other day, again Dakota in a towel. Things got a bit... awkward, I guess. Sable was fully dressed though." He fidgets then scowls, "Just goofing off. Anyway, nothing is ever going to happen. Can we change the subject?"
"No! Not if Svetty and I are going next door to sunbathe and swim. The point was to act like your character Mark's daughters. Him watching them skinny dip and get oiled up by boyfriends."
"Yeah, but using Knox as one of the boys, maybe only boy... we humiliated the kid, I doubt he's going to..." Loud music could be heard outside clueing Henry in that the punk was at least home, certainly alone or the music wouldn't be blaring. His father Winslow must have gone to play golf. It was a Sunday routine for the lawyer. "...speak of the devil."
"Funny! Listen to the song." Tessa chuckles, "It's Motley Crue's Shout at the Devil. Perfect timing. Old school metal, I'm impressed. My dad listens to this stuff still."
"So, do I. Even if he is home alone, I bet Knox is wary of anything to do with me and my family. Piper too."
"Possibly! But he barely got a look at me that day. He's never seen Svetlana. Come on Henry do you really think a young punk like him is going to pass on two hot chicks?" Unknown to either he certainly didn't when Henry's daughters were next door sunbathing while he was with Tessa and his boss Amanda. He hadn't even given it a thought.
"Well, your Russian roomie isn't here yet, so let's just tinker with more of this episode."
"Fair enough." She lowers her drawing pad from masking her beautiful tit's and smiles flirtatiously at him until he clears his throat and sits up straight.
"Okay, so Emma here in the game is being watched through an open window."
"She hears loud music coming from next door and is lured to see who it is. In doing so she gets brave and just faces him full frontal nude and caresses herself feeling mischievous."
"Right! Her new husband..."
"Modelled after you." Tessa winks.
"...Yes, modelled after me." He smirks, "In the beginning it was just my fantasies recreated in RPG form. That's why his ex-wife resembles Josie. We were having problems the last few years so I incorporated her as my ex to give me an idea what splitting up might actually be like. He/ me met Emma a beautiful woman with a sex drive that saved him in my/his mind."
"Next door neighbor?"
"Not at first but since Piper moved in, I've considered using Piper as inspiration. Emma and Piper somewhat resemble one another. Piper gave me permission to use her likeness, so I think I'll evolve Emma to be identical."
"She is goddess hot. You need bigger boobs on Emma."
"Yes, she is, and I know for a fact she'd be willing to let me do anything to her."
"That newest episode you showed Amanda, and I did look like her."
"Trial basis at that point. The episode did get steamier than the earlier episodes. Fucking Piper..." He admitted it before thinking, Tessa had no idea. "You didn't hear that."
"Too late. That's awesome Henry, good for you. Go on."
"Josie knows but my girls don't. So, zip it around my kids."
"No zippers, I'm nakie." She giggles. "Keep going I'm digging this."
"My sex life or Frisque?" He laughs nervously.
"Same thing. Be open, I'm here to bounce on you... off you." She flips her tongue at him.
"I probably shouldn't tell you this and I'm swearing you to secrecy, but I think Piper saved my marriage. When I was weak, I let myself go next door and tap Piper, Josie showed up and I masked myself from her knowing it was me, so horny I fucked Josie along with Piper. Once Josie realized who she was fucking things got so much better. Piper outsmarted Josie into thinking I was her man, not myself. Josie fell for it and... Phoenix reborn."
"Yummy... a threesome. Hurry up Svetty." She giggled as Henry rolled his eyes. "Sorry! This is thrilling."
"How did we end up talking about our love life over my game?"
"It's all related. Don't stop there."
Sighing heavily, he related the fact that Piper's moving company boys had gangbanged both she and his wife. That he allowed Josie to participate, even how he had to punish his daughters for spying on it all." He just knew he would regret spilling a semi load of beans.
"You spanked your daughters?"
"I should have. They're too old to be doing that anymore. Besides they were in bikinis at the time. That was just too... I know Dakota would have wanted more spanks." He chuckled, "I can't go down that road. I just had a stern talk over snooping. They knew their mom was involved but that didn't make it right. How do you get a point across that they were doing something bad, when it's natural curiosity? They are at an age where sex is becoming more appealing. I'm really shocked at least Dakota hasn't lost her virginity. Sable is... behind the Eightball being shy."
"Wearing bikinis saved them?" She smirked, "Basically half naked themselves. You do realize that your girls were inevitably hormonal over what they witnessed next door. If you had spanked them at a time that they were thinking of what sex was all about, the undeniable moans of pure pleasure... Henry you would have only fed into their own opinions on lust. Did they cry over your talk?"
"No!" He reflected back to that day, "Sable pouted I guess... but Dakota... she... dammit Tessa! Enough about my daughters."
"Liked it?" She peaked a curious brow.
"Probably too much. I just told you that she would have asked for more if I had paddled her bottom. There was another time she invited me to spank her when she did something bad. I didn't though."
"Buddy... she's into daddy."
"What? No, she's not... come on."
"Oooookay! But I'm not wrong. Where were we?" She nods at the episode on pause.
"Fuck if I know." He scratches his scalp confusingly, "Emma was going to play for the watching neighbor I think."
"Who lives on the other side of your home?" She pointed behind her at the window.
"Uhhh! Darren and Lindsey... why?"
"Old guys looking this way. Well, older guy."
"Late 40's, I think. I can shut the blinds if he's a distraction."
"Not for me. Let's experiment here." She crawls to her feet and sits her art pad on his filing cabinet. Before he can react, she walks over to the window and lifts the blinds high catching Darren off guard as he washes the pane of his own window.
"Stop right there." Henry jumps to his feet, "Not all of my neighbors know my family is fucked up."
"He does now." She waves at Darren and palms her breasts playfully until he smiles. "Mmm! Darren likes me I think."
"Of course, he does. Wait until you see his 300-pound wife."
"I'm sure she's lovely."
Henry shakes his head while standing behind her to mentally apologize to Darren through a shy wave and an expression of worry. Strangely, Darren offered Henry a salute chuckling. "What the hell?" Darren then lifted the window followed by the screen and motioned them to join him.
"See how easy men are?" She tilted her head back to leer at Henry while pinching her nipples for Darren's pleasure. "Your window slides...open it up Henry."
"I'm so going to regret this." He guides her aside and unlocks the window and slides it open. He left the screen closed. "Hey Darren." He acknowledges him.
"Hey yourself, Henry. Who's your hottie there? One of your daughters' friends?"
"I go to school with them." She roleplays, "Don't tell them I'm seducing their dad."
"Perish the thought. You're a cutie, old enough I hope." This reminded Darren of watching Josie streaking when coming home from Piper's. He was really beginning to know his neighbors better.
"I turned 18 two weeks ago."
"No shit. Henry... you dog you."
"Wanna watch me play with myself?" She went into mischief mode acting younger than she was. Guys loved baby talk.
"Surrrre! The Mrs. is out grocery shopping. I have time."
"Play with me daddy." She rubs her bare ass on Henry's crotch, a very aroused crotch at that. Her soft mention of daddy bothered him slightly even as she winks at Darren, "He likes it when I call him daddy. Will you be my Uncle Darren?"
"God almighty!" Darren busted a gut and played along, "It's good to see you Niecy. You've sure grown since I drooled over you last."
"Yay! Fuck me from behind daddy." She shook her ass over Henry's concealed beast. Henry snarled at the options. While he knew Darren pretty well over the years, he just wasn't certain this was right. Her enthusiasm won him over though and he found himself whipping his shirt over his head and tossing it behind him. Unzipping his cargo shorts they were down in seconds. No underwear on, his hefty son popped out and rubbed along her butt crack. Eyes flaring toward Darren she sucked on a nail before saying, "Daddy has a big dick."
"FUCK!" Henry lost it and bent her over just enough to penetrate her without thinking. Not knowing Tessa well, he should be wearing a condom but with he and Josie, condoms were taboo, so he never invested in any. Taking the risk, he just hoped that she was on birth control. Of course, she was. Using the threshold of the window to brace herself Tessa kept her hands away from her dancing breasts just to antagonize Darren. Hearing her moan almost instantly and repeatedly saying, "Fuck my pussy harder daddy." Darren was speechless and fondling his own shorts. Henry loved this young girl's sexy hot, sloppy wet cunt more than he predicted.
"You can jack off Uncle Darren. I don't mind." She rallied. He grits his teeth considering it but shied a bit.
"Go for it." Henry yelled between the less than fifteen-foot span of property lines. Henry even paused just long enough to go ahead and slide his screen open to nudge her upper body outside the frame to let her tits enjoy the great outdoors. Awaiting Darren to decide, a car door was heard, and Tessa looked toward the street.
"Svetty's here." A vivid wave toward the street she yelled, "HEY ROOMIE!" The stunning blond crossing the street heard Tessa and paused to locate her. Busting up laughing Svetlana sprinted between yards and stood outside looking up at her bestie.
"Pane in ass?" Svetty giggled over her roommate dangling out the window, her Russian accent gorgeous and seductive without trying hard. "Windex shine roomie's bottom Co-worker."
"Daddy's fucking me. It feels soooooooo good." The slamming into Tessa's thighs grew more vicious, her breasts dancing until Svetlana reached up to palm them.
"I save you from whiplash." She laughs squeezing her friend's tits, "Svetty become spotter."
"Uncle Darren won't come out and play with us." Tessa points toward Darren who stood almost traumatized yet unable to leave his window. He knew this kind of thing would never happen again. "Uncle Darren? This is my school friend Svetlana. She's barely 18 too." Svetty grimaced but played along. Being 21 she just found it all hilarious.
"Uncle Darren very handsome. Just like Dada!" She bats her eyes and flutters her fingers at both Henry then at Darren, then looks back over Tessa to see Henry sweating bullets and looking in total control. "Hello Dada." Henry merely nodded and fucked Tessa harder, his efforts making her yelp and find it hard to focus.
"Fuuucccck! Daddy's hitting my special spot so perfectly."
"Svetlana, jealous." Svetty pouts.
"Sissy?" Tessa whimpers, "Uncle Darren looks really lonely." Svetty bulges her eyes then shares a wince of, "You bitch." Changing expression Svetlana turns in step and just runs with it. Whipping her own tank top off to a braless pair of wondrous 38C's she feigns a blush, crushing her breasts as if shy.
"Will you be my new Dada?"
"WHAT?" Darren turned pale.
"Live for the moment, Neighbor." Henry raised his voice.
"Well I..." Darren stuttered then found her offer irresistible, "Come to Poppa." Right there in the window Darren dropped his shorts and boasted a very thick eight-inch beast. Svetlana was caught by surprise, her jaw dropping then looking back at Tessa with an almost grateful expression. Slithering her shorts down to her ankles the Russian Princess stepped out of her clothing, now only in socks and Nikes. Standing nude with an impossibly perfect well-toned body, Henry even concluded that this bitch was on his radar as well. Maybe this roleplaying of daughters wasn't so awful after all. In its infancy of course. Darren was rock hard seeing his luck. Henry peering over Tessa grew harder inside pretty Miss Harper just looking at Svetty's ass.
"Jesus!" Henry huffed as Tessa was nearing an orgasm. Her cries growing louder and louder by the minute. Svetty moving right under Darren's window extended her arms and reached up to fondle his erection, not so easy higher up on the foundation. Her grip hardly able to be maintained Darren nearly nutted regardless. His body stiffened up. It had been almost two years since he and his wife Lindsey had engaged in anything remotely sexual. It was more a love thing these days. This was just what he needed.
"You are very big Dada. Baby girl like." She stared up at him with puppy dog eyes. "Will try best to reach you." Standing on tiptoe in her tennis shoes she used both hands to jerk Darren off. As good as it felt he really required better. She was just too low.
"There's a wheel barrel right behind the house. Wheel it over here and stand on it."
Svetlana rolled her eyes at what he was asking while avoiding his notice and made a quick skip through the yard. Finding the wheel barrel, she rolled it up to the windowsill adjusting it beneath him. Climbing in it raised her by a mere 2 plus feet, it helped some but hardly enough to work properly. She did her best being at least high enough to be face to face with her mission. Stroking his cock with one hand and teasing his balls with the other she gave him a festive moment of much needed pleasure.
"That's my Princess. Kiss my balls." He groaned. Obeying without resistance she kissed them leading into a lick that moved higher via tiptoe to greet his dick's foreskin.
"Can I suck Dada's COCK?" That sly emphasis made his dick even harder. He could not believe his luck.
"OH GOD YES! DO IT! DO IT!" Darren was totally invested now. Hearing Tessa screaming bloody murder and the loud music coming from the Hardecker house made his adventure all that much more appealing. If he had listened better to the song choice Darren might have realized that Knox Hardecker was well aware of what was going down. From his balcony perch Knox was smoking a joint and jerking off at Svetlana's hotness. He could see her vividly, but not Tessa and Henry, although he did hear Tessa's screams of ecstasy. He just presumed Darren hired a hooker. The song was Billy Squier's the Stroke. Fitting, Knox thought, when he chose it from his mobile Spotify app and fueled it to his home stereo.
Svetlana opened wide and swallowed 60% of Darren's magnificent eight, gagging with a beautiful symphony of, "AWK! AWK! AWK!" Sadly, it didn't take long for Darren to nut. Three minutes in VladivosCOCK to be precise, Svetty's own humor referring it to home. Flooding her mouth, she whimpers at the amount he bestowed for a man of his age, presuming her hotness was bringing out the best in him. Literally! Pulling her mouth away she kisses his urethra and offers him a lovely look at his leftovers milking her tongue. He smirked with a sigh, "Making me feel young again, Princess." She rather liked being called that, having been a fan of Anastasia.
Instead of swallowing his jizz she poses a mischievous finger and winks. Stepping down safely from the wheel barrel and pushing it across the yard she stepped back into it and faced Tessa. Motioning her forward Henry forced Tessa to bend out the window by grabbing her hair like a madman. Lifting upward on her toes Svetty kissed her roomie and shared Darren's cum with her. Once spitting into her mouth Svetty died laughing. Tessa showing off her mouthful to Uncle Darren the two girls swallowed him and thanked Darren with a team effort of, "BEST DADDIES EVER." Dada that is on Svetty's behalf. It was so perfect that even Henry lost it. Pulling out of Tessa in a flurry he pushes her aside and sticks his cock out the window. Jerking himself furiously Henry huffed, "UNDER IT."
Svetty opened her mouth and aligned her lips with his crown. Tessa in the meantime dropped to her knees behind Henry and leaned under his legs to lick his scrotum. That extra credit effort sent a powerful detonation into Svetty's mouth and all across her face. Milky goodness was everywhere.
"UGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!"
"Siberia in winter." Svetty chuckled. It made Henry smirk how willingly she was to bring up her heritage.
Tessa stabilized his stance to keep him from falling backwards. Ending his reign, rain... she bit his ass cheek just for meanness. Laughing Henry found his footing and turned sideways peering down at Tessa. In a brash move he gripped the girl's hair and yanked her to her feet and forced her upper body back out the window. Confronting Svetlana, Tessa kissed her roomie again, this time sharing in Henry's load. Finalizing things with Tessa licking Svetty's face clean the girls swallowed Henry's minty surge.
Darren began clapping at the show and whistled over the background music which was now the old Quiet Riot tune Cum on Feel the Noize. Befitting as well, Knox had nutted twice since the whole ordeal had started. Svetty hopping down to wheel her barrel back where she got it looked out to see Knox wagging his dick at her. Not knowing anything about the boy she just waved back and bowed. Shaking her tits at him upon her exit she returned to Tessa and Henry.
With the music fading Darren heard the sound of his garage door opening. "Shit! Lindsey's home. Thanks kids. Love ya'll." Windows closing Darren was gone in a blur. Grabbing her clothing in a hurry, Svetlana ran around to the front porch door of the McKellen home. Tessa had bolted from Henry's side and went to let her in. Still nude and squealing at her quick streak the girls hugged and hopped up and down in step.
Henry stepped from the office into the hall his dick still thriving and ignored them, favoring the idea of ice water. Following him into the kitchen as he grabbed a glass and went to his icemaker for ice, the girls looked at one another with evil intent. As he filled his glass with water and tilted the drink back, Tessa swiped fallen cubes and offered Svetty one. Between their teeth both girls dropped to their knees in front of Henry and cooled his genitals down. Tensing at the sudden chill he laughed trying not to spit water still in his mouth.
"Where's that song Cold as Ice, Hardecker?" He scowled toward his back door.
"Dadddddddddyyyyy!" Both girls giggled with cubes melting on their tongues.
"You've got to stop that shit. I'm NOT using my daughters as models in Frisque."
Tessa was first to stand up and kiss his chest while Svetlana had different thoughts. Laying back on the kitchen floor she spread her legs then reached in to pry her labia wide to offer up a precious pink tunnel.
"You must fuck me, Dada." She pouted. Cooled by his drink Henry stares at her inviting soaked cunt. With Tessa's encouragement Henry sat his drink on the counter and dropped down between Svetty's thighs.
"Daddy does love his little girls."
Svetlana screamed for the next fifteen minutes, verbalizing her praise of his talented energy in her native language. Henry was definitely turned on. All the while he nailed Svetty missionary style Tessa taunted his backside in one way or another ranging from trailing her nipples on his back to teasing his balls from behind. He felt very much alive. In laying over Svetty he suddenly envisioned that wrestling match with his daughters. Toppling right over a naked Dakota, his crotch touching her pussy. Tessa on his back like Sable had been that day it all came full circle.
"UGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGH!" He nutted hard inside Svetlana then realized his error, "MOTHERFUCK! I didn't mean to do that."
"Relax, Daddy. We're both on BC."
"Yes Dada!" Svetlana purred, "I like it when Dada cum inside of bear cave."
"That accent is fucking hot." He had to admit pulling out of Goldilocks. Tessa waiting crawls around him and devours his beast before he has a chance to react. "Damn! Okay, I need a shower after that. Let's skip the swimming pool idea for today. There's always next weekend."
"We were going to sunbathe nude and tease the neighbor boy." Tessa flicked Henry's urethra then filled Svetty in.
"Ah! Boy on balcony that jerk off watching."
"He watched you?" Henry winced, "Of course, he did. Hell, Travis probably did too."
"Who is this Travisty?" Svetty flared her eyes.
"Travis." Henry laughed, travesty was pretty accurate though, "My daughter Sable's... crush. He lives next door to Knox over there. Let's just skip the whole pool idea."
"Did we inspire you at all Mister Frisque?" Tessa sat back beside Svetty on the kitchen floor.
"I believe so. Emma put on a hell of a show for the neighbor." He chuckled referring to his character in Frisque, "Let's get cleaned up and start drawing." Standing over them the girls admired his still fierce cock.
"Does that bad boy ever go down?" Tessa grew curious.
"Nope."
He walked around them and headed for his upstairs bedroom bath. Watching him walk away Svetty whispers, "Dada is cute." In response Tessa grinned, "Are we done?"
"Nyet!" Both girls jumped up and gave chase. As Henry climbed into his shower's torrent both girls crowded in with him. Henry McKellen fucked them both against the shower wall. Taking turns tapping them from behind. Tessa got the load that time. Deep and joyous.
R.P.G. stood for two things in that moment. One being Really Pretty Girls, the other Ramming Pussies Good.
"I love my daughters."
After two hours of storyboarding Henry called it a day. Sending the beauties home, he tried to relax in the living room but kept thinking about what Tessa had tried telling him about his real daughter's. Was any of her theories real? Feeling lost he was tempted to text his wife but chose to let the group enjoy their day. Truth be known they had just stopped at a clothing store downtown called Stunner's to shop, one of many.
Roaming aimlessly, he went upstairs again and gathered up the used towels from the three-way shower and considered a load of laundry. He gave up that idea out of laziness and paused in the upstairs hall noticing Dakota and Sable's bedroom doors open. Nosey he took a stroll into Sable's room first and found the curtains on her window open. A notebook on her desk had the etchings of "T.H. + S.M." Chuckling at her innocent fondness for Travis Herbert he looked out the window, "At least his initials aren't B.D. as in B.D.+ S.M." Especially knowing of Trav's mother being a slave to her master Dominic Black. That would have been too close for comfort/
Shaking his head at his silly thoughts he took another look at the Herbert household. "I wonder how Kelly is doing?" Visions of her tied up naked made his dick rise all over again. "I did promise her I'd check on her this week. Not today though." He gave up on Sable's room and journeyed into Dakota's.
Stepping to the homework desk in her room he also found a notebook and looked it over good. "Hmmm? Who's Angus?" Her name Dakota with a heart consisting of a question mark inside it, next to her name was written Angus, outside of the heart. That seemed strange to him. "Dakota and Angus. Sounds more like a cattle call than a booty call." Flipping the notebook open he found another heart that said, "I love Daddy." Smiling he exhaled, "Awww!" Then it dawned on him, "Why would she write that in any notebook? Oh, crap!"
Closing the book, he turned pale, "Tessa's right." Eyes bulging, he turned away shaking and stepped on something soft at the foot of her bed that tangled in his toes. "What the...?" It was a pair of Dakota's panties. Before leaving with her mom and Piper Cherry to explore Nashville she had taken them off and left them behind. "Miss Clean Freak never leaves clothing lying around." Bending over to pick them up and without even trying catches a scent of feminine wiles. Tempted to sniff them he freezes and drops them to the floor.
"Get a grip." He huffed his cheeks.
Leaving her bedroom in a hurry he went to his own bedroom and dropped into bed. Staring at the ceiling he sighed, "What am I going to do about this?" After ten minutes of stewing, he discovered he just couldn't lose his erection. "DAMMIT!"
Henry McKellen got his grip.
The scent off of her panties on his hands had remained.
Daddy was back in business.