All of my writing is fiction, and the stories and characters are products of my imagination. They were created for my fun and, hopefully, your enjoyment. Some of the events in the stories are not particularly condoned nor encouraged by the author but are there to create and enhance the story of the imaginary characters and their lives. Comments are always encouraged and carefully reviewed. All characters within the story that need to be are 18 years of age or older. I hope you enjoy! And take a second to vote and comment.
~~~
On the morning after my challenges, I waited until Bonnie was in her cubicle, then stepped inside and blocked the door. The huge smile that filled her face when she saw me was totally annoying, and the urge to strangle her lurked just beneath the glaring facade I was working to maintain.
"Don't give me that look, Sandy. I know that you loved every second of it."
In a way, she was right, of course. I'd never tingled so much nor been so excited about doing something like the things I'd done for our little game. Short of public sex, it was about as wild as anything I could imagine. And "loved" applied more to looking back on it than when it was actually taking place.
"If it's so much fun, I'll give you the list, and you can do it yourself."
That brought a big laugh from Bonnie. I wondered if she had actually done some of that herself.
"I haven't looked at it yet, but I have my own list that I'm going to take care of tomorrow, so you can hear about that on Friday evening. I'll share the details as well as photos and video."
Ugh, that reminded me that I hadn't taken either. I wondered if I could fake some of them at home. Probably so. And I'm sure the clerk at the Adult store would love to see me again. There was one other possibility as well, far out as it might be.
"So, do you have your date with Larry set up?"
My hands seemed to instinctively move toward her throat. She grabbed them, pushing me away, and laughed. He's a great guy." Another laugh. "And I've known him for years."
Somehow, that didn't help a lot.
"Hey," she added, "he thinks you're hot as hell and is looking forward to the date."
"Oh, jeez. You're demented. You've actually talked to him?"
"I told you that I've known him for a few years and thought he'd be perfect to take a peek at your pussy."
Despite it being Bonnie who said that the picture of it happening filled my brain, and I could feel my cheeks heating. And tonight, I would be having a date with him. I had an idea, but I wasn't sure I could carry it through.
"You be good to my friend, now."
"How good do you want me to be?"
She chuckled. "You'll have to go some to improve on your first meeting."
"You're hopeless, so I'm going to go sell a house."
And that's what I did right after lunch. I sold the most expensive listing I had at fifty thousand dollars over list. That provided a substantial commission, and I'd be a happy camper for my date, whatever that might mean.
Larry was to pick me up at six, and he was right on time. He rang, and I opened the door.
"Sandy, it's good to see you again." His big smile, bright eyes, and the aroma of his cologne that wafted through the open door were very intriguing, and my reaction surprised me.
"Hi, Larry," I said, ending my greeting at that.
"What, you're not glad to see me?"
Totally flummoxed, I stammered, "No, I am... I mean, of course, I'm happy to see you."
"Sandy, I'd be extremely surprised if you were actually glad to see me." He closed one eye as he said that.
"Well, I mean,... um, it wasn't quite a normal first meeting." I knew my face had to be glowing.
"But you made a fantastic first impression," he said, chuckling again.
I closed my eyes. "Is it going to be like this all evening?" I asked, a certain pleading tone to my voice.
Larry's eyes held mine as he nibbled his lower lip, then took a deep breath.
"I apologize, Sandy. I spent the whole day debating about how I'd act this evening, and I've screwed it up already. He put his hand up as I started to say something, silencing me. "You HAD to ask me for a date as a part of the challenge you were involved with. I had a choice to accept or say no. I accepted, not because of what had happened during the evening, but because I had a chance to have a date with a tall, ash-blonde, and amber-eyed beauty. I'd have to have been a blind idiot not to say yes."
I was a little dumbfounded at what he'd just said. Which was the real Larry? Was that last line a bunch of bullshit? I wasn't a great reader of people, but he looked sincere. And after that, could I pull off what I had thought about. I stared at him and tried to decide.
"Are you sure you're looking at the right woman?"
"Sandy, you look in the mirror. I can't imagine that some guy didn't pick you off years ago."
"Pick me off," I said with a giggle. "Like in a baseball game?"
"Don't twist my words," he said, smiling at me. "You're hot as hell, and I'm lucky to be with you for this date."
I shook my head. "Honestly, Larry, most women would enjoy hearing those things... " a moment's pause... "including me," I added, sort of giggling. I wasn't a giggler, so what was going on.? "What's in store for our date?"
"You asked me for the date, so I'm waiting to hear."
I had forgotten that. I was used to the man deciding. But I had an idea about something I could do with Larry and had, just this instant, found the courage to suggest it.
"I'll offer you a deal. First, you decide what you'd like to do; I'll let you in on what I have in mind after that"
He raised his eyebrows. "So I have total freedom on what I choose?"
"Larry, the challenge said I had toaskyou for a date, not that I had to go on the date."
"Just teasing. I promise to be good."
Based on what I was going to suggest, I wasn't sure I wanted him to be totally good. I hoped that he couldn't see that in my expression.
"That sounds perfect. What would you like to do?" I watched him as he pondered.
"I'm old-fashioned. I'd just like to go to dinner so I can sit there and look at you. Pretty simple. What's your choice?" he asked with a big smile.
I stared at him for a moment, then took a deep breath. I opened my mouth to speak.
"Uh oh," he said, and I giggled. "That deep breath is scaring me a little."
"I don't think you'll find it too scary. Can I trust you?"
He looked puzzled. "After our previous encounter, you should know you can trust me."
"You're right. Of course I do." At least, I hoped I did. "Now, you're going to think I'm crazy, but here's what I want to do. For that challenge I completed, I was supposed to take photos and/or video. I forgot to do it, so I'd like to have you help me take one or the other as I retrace the challenge." I had trouble looking him in the eye after I'd said that.
"No shit, Sandy? That's not at all what I expected."
"Well, I like your dinner idea, so let's do that, and, ugh, we can talk about the other at dinner, I guess."
"I'm trying not to be a pervert even without knowing what I might be getting involved with, so you know you don't have to let me take the photos. If I do, though, I remember part of what I'll be doing," he said, chuckling.
I closed my eyes and shook my head.
"You're adorable with those pink cheeks."
"So you're going to try to keep the pink there all evening?"
"Just once in a while, when you give me a good opening."
When I did look at him again and saw the big smile, the curly blond hair, and the broad shoulders that I hadn't noticed before, I decided that being with him might not be that bad afterall. It had been a while since I'd had any kind of date as I think the grapevine had pigeon-holed me asFridgidwith the capital F.
"Not to change the subject, but where are we going for dinner?"
"It's a surprise," Larry said, so let's get going."
"Does that mean you haven't decided yet? It's just that I need to know what to wear."
He thought for a moment. "What are you going to wear for your part of the rest of the evening?"
"Well, the first time, I wore an orange T-shirt and white shorts, very casual, you know."
"Olive Garden, then."
So we went to the Olive Garden, and I had my usual soup and salad while Larry, who described himself as unimaginative, had spaghetti. We ate in silence for a couple of minutes before Larry ventured into unknown territory.
"Can I have some hints about what I'll be doing later?"
"Taking photos and maybe video," I said between bites of my breadstick and was tempted to use the breadstick and my mouth to do something suggestive. But I didn't. "We're not trying to win an Oscar here, just to gather something to share that will prove that I did what I was supposed to do."
"You talk me into helping, then torment me by not telling me anything," he said, laughing and playfully threatening me with a spoonful of spaghetti sauce.
"There's nothing quite as far out as what you did, so I'll just leave it at that. And you'll get to experience it for the first time and react to it. Are you ready to get started?"
"As soon as I pay for this," which he did, and we were on our way.
We went to the Breckenridge Mall and to the locker I had used before. While Larry videoed, l pulled off my bra and stuck it in the locker.
"Wow, that's an improvement," he said as he stared at the orange shirt that covered my now-free breasts.
The staring caused my nipples to react, making Larry happy, I was sure. He finished his video, concentrating on the front of the orange shirt and the bumps that had sprouted there..
That was simple," I assured him. "I'm going to consolidate things a little. I made two trips to the Atlas Adult store for two separate purchases. Their use followed," I said, and I couldn't keep from remembering Larry extracting the dildo from my pussy. And he'd be doing it again this evening. I felt an unfamiliar warmth between my legs.
"You're one helluva good-looking woman, Sandy," Larry said, seemingly unable to take his eyes off my chest and the significant nipple bumps residing there. "I suspect that going into the adult store wasn't easy for you."
"Not my favorite place, and, thankfully, there weren't many people around. Just the annoying owner."
I made a decision that needed to be made as I opened the little bag I'd brought with me. I held it out so that Larry could see the contents.
He looked in the bag, then at me. His eyes went back to the bag and then to mine.
"Is that a vibrator in there with our mutual friend?"
"Yep."
"It looks a little different," he ventured.
"Yeah, it straps on, and it vibrates and... sucks. A special edition that Bonnie specified for me." I could tell he was dying to make a comment but restrained himself.
"So she specified that, and didn't pick it out on your own?"
He kept a straight face.
"Specified as a part of the challenge, and its use needs to be videoed. I could do it, I suppose, but it wouldn't be easy, as you'll soon see."
He chuckled. "I know Bonnie, so I can sort of guess at what you had to do."
"I think we need to use that right away while it's still light outside. Now, ignore the red cheeks while I explain that I take my panties off and put them in the locker. Then I'll put the vibrator on, and we'll head to a bench in front of the library and use the clever little remote to activate it for three seconds each time a man passes by. I keep it up until... until I orgasm."
I took a deep breath.
"Just pretend we're making a movie, and you're the cameraman, and you're just doing your job. You don't know me at all." If he was anywhere near normal, that wouldn't work.
"I just went out to dinner with you and had a great time. Plus, you're gorgeous. I'll do my best."
I smiled, knowing that was probably the best I could hope for.
"Get the camera ready. It's depantying time." I checked, and no one was close by. I lowered my shorts, then the panties, while Larry videoed my bare ass and anything else that was showing. The shorts were pulled back on, and I headed to the restroom to install the pleasure-giving device. I couldn't deny that an orgasm always felt good, but I wondered what it would be like with Larry watching and videoing. I knew I'd be finding out soon.
We made the short walk to the library, and I sat on one end of the bench while Larry sat on the bench next to mine.
"I'm not waiting for men tonight. I'm just going to turn it on, and you record. I'll, um, tell you when, and you tell me if the coast is clear."
Larry nodded but didn't smile or otherwise react.
I switched the vibrator on, putting it on lock so I didn't have to hold the button down, and almost immediately, I was carried away to never-never land. I was soon breathing hard, my heart pounding, my body not able to stay still.
"Are you doing okay?" Larry asked, leaning closer to record the hum of the vibrator.
Hearing his voice and catching a whiff of his cologne made me suddenly aware of his close presence. It was almost like I'd just opened my eyes, and he was peeking at my nakedness. The intensity of the feelings tearing through me seemed to double. I knew I was twisting and moaning and hoped no one else was close by.
"Seems like that sucker is working," he whispered, his breath tickling my ear.
I flinched and moaned loudly. "I'm gonna come," I was able to get out.
"Hold it," he cautioned, "there's a woman passing by."
Hold it? I felt like I was in a BDSM movie, and my master had forbidden me to come. I'd never had to do that and was struggling to hold back what my eight thousand nerve-ending were fighting to make happen. And I wasn't about to shut the thing off.
"She's gone."
"Ahhh," I groaned as my body began to spasm, loud gasping moans accompanying each spasm. With the final spasm, I began fumbling with the remote and quickly turned thesuckeroff. There was no way I'd be able to look at Larry, and I wondered why I'd asked him to help.
We sat there silently for several minutes. Finally, I looked at him.
"I got some good video," he said.
"I'm anxious to see it," I answered, wondering how I'd react to seeing and hearing myself orgasm. And a fantastic orgasm at that.
Larry helped me stand, and we walked to his car. He drove us to the Atlas Adult store, where I'd simulate making the purchases while Larry videoed. We went in separately and I could see the same clerk who'd been there the last time.
"Hey, I remember you, and you brought those same rock-hard nipples again. A five percent discount if you lift that shirt for me."
"I don't think so tonight, but that vibrator I got worked well."
"You bought a dildo, too. Do you need a bigger one, honey?"
"No, I think I've changed my mind," I said as I turned and left the store, Larry right behind me, I'm sure wishing I'd opted for the five percent discount.
"Back to the mall for a few more items, and then the repeat of... "
"We can't use Gordon's, so how about going back to your place to take the last shots?"
I eyed him warily, but he looked totally innocent. And, in reality, I couldn't complain about a thing he'd done. He'd teased a little, but what I'd asked him to do was beyond what could normally be expected. And if he hadn't teased a little, I'd think he needed his testosterone level checked.
At the mall, I changed into the filmy shirt I'd worn before while Larry videoed, which gave him a clear view of my boobs. Probably better than the flash at Atlas would have been. Somehow, having him see them didn't bother me a bit.
I spilled the water in the food court and, just as before, I might as well have been topless. The man who I'd bumped into to spill the water apologized over and over, mostly, I think, because it gave him an excuse to look at my boobs.
When I left the victim, Larry couldn't contain himself.
"Looking like you do, I don't know how that guy kept from jumping you." He was smiling and shaking his head and looking too.
"Does that mean that you're going to jump me?" I worked hard to keep a serious look on my face.
"This isn't a good spot," he said, "right here in the food court. Now, if we were in the back room at Gordon's... " His voice just faded away, and an evil little grin filled his face.
"So, the fact that it would be a PDA is the only thing holding you back?"
Larry laughed at that one. "We tease each other, and I don't think either one of us is totally sure when the other is teasing."
He was right about that. I wondered if he was teasing now, hoping that I wouldn't tease back but would go along with what he'd said. When I'd asked if that meant he was going to jump me, after his response and the look on his face, I wondered what might have happened in Gordon's back room. I also had some thoughts about the reenactment that would be taking place at my house. Something occurred to me.
"I forgot one thing, Larry. While we're walking along the mall, I need to drop the dildo and scramble to pick it up. You can video people's reactions while I look embarrassed."
"That might be fun. It should bounce all over the place."
I noted that he didn't make any suggestive comments about the dildo or what might be happening later. Bonnie could be a little wild sometimes, but I knew she was extremely particular about her friends. Perhaps that was why I found myself mysteriously enjoying our evening together -- at least so far. And the challenges Bonnie had created and I'd carried through had changed the way I felt about certain things in my life.
"I'll stay back but close."
"I'll fumble in the sack, and there it will go."
I walked until we were in the midst of a group of people, fumbled, and the dildo hit the hard floor and bounced much further than I thought it would. Before I could grab it, a man picked it up and then saw me reaching for it.
"Did you lose your friend, honey?"
I was okay with what he said until he added, "Honey." His sneer didn't help, either.
"Thanks for grabbing it for me," I said, extending my hand.
"If you need help using it, I'm free this evening."
His smile made me shiver.
"If you hand it to me, I'll use it right now by stuffing it up your ass."
As I said that, I saw Larry moving toward me, ready to help if needed.
I heard a gasp from an older female bystander.
"Sorry," I said, glancing at her.
But the dildo was back in the bag, and the smart alec was disappearing into the crowd.
"This video will be a hit with your friends, Sandy." Larry's look had changed. "You're one helluva woman."
His saying that brought a smile to my face.
"Thanks, Larry. I take that as a compliment."
He nodded.
"Let's get my stuff from the locker, and we can head back to my place."
At the locker, I stuffed the bra, panties, and orange T-shirt in the bag.
"So, Bonnie and two others are doing stuff like you've done?"
"Yep."
"I'll be happy to go to the meeting where you guys share all your photos and videos."
"You'll have to check with Bonnie about that," I said with a laugh.
We were at the car, and as I climbed in, my mind began working. Larry had seen my boobs tonight, both bare and under a soaked thin shirt. That was it so far, but we were headed to my place to reenact the dildo removal he had done in the back room at Gordon's.
"I know you're Larry, but I don't think we've ever exchanged last names," I said, glancing over at him. I'm Sandra Heber."
"And I'm Lawrence Gordon, usually called Larry."
"Gordon?"
"Exactly. Gordon, as in Gordon's Shoes."
"I guess I should apologize. I thought you were just a salesman there."
"And what if I was?"
I'm sure there was a chagrinned look on my face as I'd certainly misspoken, and Larry had caught me at it.
"Apology number two. You're right, of course. Whether you're a salesman or own the store doesn't define you as a person. And I have no complaints about you as a person."
"Thank you, but I didn't mean to embarrass you there. That just popped out, almost reflexively."
"It was good, Larry. It made me think. Honestly, I was determined to do whatever the challenge asked, and when I had to go to Gordon's and let you do what you did, I just gritted my teeth and did it. I didn't care who you were or what you were; I just wanted to get it over with."
"Don't blame you for that. Bonnie gave me a preview of what was happening and told me that I'd enjoy it, but in a guilty manner. She was right, of course, but I didn't really expect someone like you. There was no way I could be crude about it."
"How do you happen to know Bonnie?"
"Now you're going to make me feel guilty."
"Give me something that I can hold over her head."
"She might kill me if I did."
"So, there is something?"
"I didn't say that."
"Okay, then, just tell me how you two met, and I may probe a little after that."
"When you hear that, you'll kind of know." He chuckled. "She probably deserves it. Anyway, when we were both in college together, we didn't know each other. To fill my schedule, I took a photography course."
Laughing, I said, " You never expected to use that knowledge this way, did you?"
"I've really never used it for much of anything. But it did allow me to meet Bonnie. It was before her modeling career, at least her formal career. Like lots of students, she was short of money."
"I'm beginning to see a picture forming here."
"Yep. She posed for our class draped in some white gauzy material. I fell for her right then and there. For the last five minutes of the class, the instructor talked her into baring one breast."
"So she has some exposing experience." I was learning some interesting things about my co-worker.
"I waited after class and met her. She wouldn't even look at me. I was persistent, though, and we had some dates. But there was no spark. We were great friends and still are, but nothing more. Oh, we're here."
He pulled into the driveway and parked, then ran around the car to open my door.
"The last act of our date," he said, smiling at me very warmly.
Of course, that just reminded me of what would be following the date.
Once inside, I was anxious to get the last video completed, and then Larry could be on his way. Everything else had seemed simple and natural, but I was feeling awkward and self-conscious about... about him seeing my pussy again, particularly from the back. I sucked it up and turned toward him.
"You ready?"
"If you are. I'm sure you'll be happy to get this challenge thing wrapped up and behind you."
Behind? That's what I had just been thinking. I went to the bag and picked out the dildo.
"Do you have tape, or do you want to skip that?"
I was probably picking at nits to delay the inevitable. "I have tape if you can remember how it looked."
"No problem. I'm sure I remember."
I handed him the tape and the dildo and turned my back to him. A nervous smile as I remembered that I had no underwear, but that simple thought bolstered my courage. I decided that if I was going to do this, I might as well enjoy it, however, that might happen.
I unfastened my shorts and let them fall to the floor, wondering what was going through Larry's mind. He'd already let me know that he thought I was gorgeous, and now I was standing in front of him in a nearly see-through shirt and with my ass bare.
I stepped out of the shorts, moved my feet apart, and bent over slightly, resting my hands on the arm of a chair. I was ready to be photographed.
"Do you want me to...?" he asked hesitantly.
"Sure, go ahead." I hoped to sound like I did this sort of thing every day.
I felt his fingers spreading me very gently, a new experience, but after the mind-numbing orgasm and the rest of the evening, including the date, I was still plenty wet and ready. Then, the dildo was entering me, and I wondered when he would stop and apply the tape. It was quickly apparent that it would be a full insertion, but I wasn't about to complain. Still no tape, though.
As it slid back out, I marveled at how good it felt, and when it plunged fully in again, I moaned and offered a weak, "Larry?"
Sensing it heading home for the third time, I was so wired from everything that had happened that evening that I was off in another world, all by myself, and experiencing a pleasure I hadn't enjoyed for a long time. I was being filled and emptied, slowly at first, but now a little faster. I thought of asking him to find the vibrator.
I didn't need to, though, for as though he was reading my mind, his finger began its work on my very sensitive nub. Shamelessly, my moaning was getting louder and louder, but In my erotic fog, all I was interested in was orgasming once again, and it was going to happen unless he totally stopped. I even wondered if he could substitute something even nicer for the dildo.
He didn't stop, and just as on the bench at the library, the spasms began, my body totally overwhelmed by the tensing of every muscle, the firing of every nerve, and the thrashing of my hips, which I didn't seem to be able to control. Suddenly, I couldn't stand it any longer.
"Larry," I groaned. "Enough."
His finger stopped, but the dildo was bottomed out inside me. My eyes were closed, and I wasn't sure I'd be able to open them and look at him. I could feel my legs trembling.
"Can you hold that? I'll put the tape on and take a quick video."
"Okay." I was breathing so hard I could barely speak.
I felt the tape stick to my butt and, seconds later, be pulled away. Then, the dildo was gone. His head bumped my butt as he stooped and carefully lifted each foot into the legs of the shorts. He pulled them up and fastened them. I was still leaning on the arm of the chair, afraid to move.
Larry took hold of my arms, gently turned me around, and settled me into the chair.
"Open your eyes and look at me," he said, about the worst thing he could have said. But I had to do it.
"Oh, God, I don't know what to say."
"Okay, I'll say it for you. You loved that one even more than the one on the library bench, and I did, too. Thank you."
I couldn't deny it. "I did, and it was a surprise. And I know my face is bright red. I can feel it."
"You know," he began thoughtfully, "there's no sound as beautiful as that of a woman coming."
"Ohhh," I groaned, looking away again.
"It's true, at least for me, it is. And I experienced it twice today, thanks to the gorgeous woman right here with me.
I couldn't believe he was thanking me for my having two orgasms in front of him. It was special circumstances, at least the first one was. The second was, well, special, too, I guess.
"So, you have all of the videos?"
"Right here on my trusty iPhone 15. Do you want me to send them right to your email?"
I was relieved to be talking about something other than my orgasms, even though I was still weak and trembling from aftershocks and the euphoria they brought me. I gave him my email, and he began sending them.
"Listen, somewhere along the line, I think a second date was mentioned. I'd love for that to happen."
We'd just finished a first date with two orgasms and no sex. Well, at least with nocarnal knowledgetaking place. It hadn't been a normal boy asks girl first date due to the challenge. Despite the odds being against it, I'd had a good time even without considering the dual orgasms.
"Larry, I'm not sure how to answer that." I felt sorry for him and for myself.
"Listen, if it's too weird for you, I totally understand. We'll just drop it."
"Damn it, Larry, why do you have to be so nice. I feel like an ungrateful pile of shit."
"Not to pick at nits, but what is a grateful pile of shit?" Larry asked with a straight face.
I stared at him for a short moment, then burst out laughing. He was impossible.
"It's against everything normal, logical, and what my mother would suggest, but yes, a second date could turn out to be very interesting."
"Whew," he said, exhaling. "When you walked into Gordon's that first time, I fell in love with you, so to speak. When you walked out, I was certain I'd never see you again. Life has a way of fooling us sometimes."
That was very true, and I felt that I was thankful for it.
"And by the way, I love that shirt."
"Don't spoil it, Larry," I teased.
"I'll shut up. Give me a hug and your cell number, and I'll get out of here. And remember, what happens in Sandy's house stays in Sandy's house."
I decided that all the help he'd given me was worth more than a hug. The kiss we shared was warm and comforting, and I was immediately anxious for the next one.
Now, I had two things to look forward to: sharing photos and videos with the ladies and a second date with Larry.
~~~
Chapter three is in the works and should be ready before too long. Amber will be facing her challenge.