"Why did I not find this place before now?"
After searching on her cell while Piper Cherry drove through the city for possible dress stores, she ran across a solicitation ad for a store called Stunner's located downtown with the catch phrase "Only the sexiest of sexy shop at Stunner's." Just reciting it to Piper, they knew it had their names in mind. One braking U-turn in traffic and a foot to the floor they were heading for hotness.
In the backseat her nephew and Josie's twin daughters Dakota and Sable took time to share cell numbers with one another to pass the time. Once done and confirming through texts Mace jokingly took a picture of his crotch and sent it to both girls. They giggled at his craziness and adored him that much more. Hugging his arms both girls shifted closer until the three of them were hip to hip. With his aunt focused on traffic and Josie searching for the store itself he had plenty of alone time with the twins.
Now that the girls had found a bond with Mace, he stepped up his flirting. As he had earlier, he placed each of his hands on their upper thighs and rubbed them, this time the girls were a bit more receptive, his fingertips gently teasing both of them in their pubic region yet going no further. A faint pinch of hair toward each sister then smiled brightly and nibbled their lower lips. He knew Dakota wanted him to go further but he chose restraint. For now! There was still time. In Mace Belmont's mind it was better to make them beg. Sable having taken her panties off at the park had finally begun relaxing to the sensation of freedom. Even she found herself so horny that she would have let him touch her intimate locations as long as it wasn't roughly.
Not pushing his luck too dramatically Mace just aimed to get them shivering and knowing what it was really like to have a boy so very close to them. Sable without admitting it had been closer to a boy than Dakota had concerning skin on skin contact, having been lifted up by Travis Herbert in their mission to reach his balcony to obtain clothing, both forced into nudity at the hands of their evil neighbor Knox Hardecker. While not intending to get physical, merely trying to reach the bedroom balcony at Travis' home they had awkwardly got a bit too intimate. It took Mace's pinky to remind her of that day. All smiles from that... point on. Prints Charming was in the house.
Dakota enjoyed his taunting but pondered not just his touch, but the dreamy eyes of Angus at school. Then, there was her dad whom she had an unspoken crush on. Strangely, she considered all three as flirt buddies. Maybe she was more like her mother than her sister. In an unexpected lick to Mace's neck, Piper's dog Rotten broke up their delectable union. "YUCK! Rotten you suck." The girls had a good laugh.
"Over there." Josie pointed out the store, "Oooo! There's another dress store right next door called Out Skirts. Payday baby." Piper shook her head and located a parking spot just around the corner at a meter. Shutting down she turned in her seat.
"Mace? Seeing as you're not the type to wear dresses, you stay with Rotten, so nobody turns me in for pet negligence. It's too hot to leave him in here with the windows closed. I'll leave my keys so you can run the air conditioning."
"Awww maaaan! I wanted a fashion show." He jested as Josie twisted with a wink. She was shameless, the idea of a fashion show appealed to her sense of sluttiness. Even though she had been asked not to do anything with Mace the intrigue took her hormones into fantasyland. All of their sexual hijinks at Cumberland Park, seeing police officers fucking young girls with nightsticks, then Piper and Josie's bush wrestling, Rotten's amazing tongue her mind was racing. Piper snapping her fingers at Josie's entranced glare forced her to sigh and unhook her seatbelt.
"Let's try on the entire store girls." She had the right idea, Piper following her out of the SUV. Both Dakota and Sable quickly whisper over Mace's lap before exiting, their hands on his inner thighs while mumbling and giggling. Finally, with their mother and his aunt outside he took the hands on his thighs and placed both right over his monster erection. The sister's smiled and took turns kissing his cheek. Sable releasing her grip first unhooked her belt and turned in her seat to open the door. Dakota still holding on rubbed her palm vigorously over his girth then whispered, "I want to see him." A tap on her door out of Piper she pointed at Mace to behave.
Dakota easing away flirtatiously tells Mace, "Keep your phone... handy." Pat! Pat! Pat! His penis grew beneath her touch.
"Will do... you... two." He chuckled pointing at both of them as they got out and shut their doors. Racing to catch up with their mom and Piper they left the boys alone. Scratching Rotten's scalp Mace grinned, "One of these lays... I mean days." He knew he wanted to fuck both sisters. Less than two weeks wait should his luck pan out, he could get that chance. That is if they wanted to. "I know, I know... not ready yet. I got time Ladies."
Choosing to go into Stunner's first Josie led the quartet in with eyes bulging and a heavenly song in their ears. Everywhere they looked they saw mannequins wearing dresses that offered so much skin they could hardly be qualified as dresses at all. Piper brushed against Josie and whispered sweet everything's, "One of each?"
"I'm in Bestie." Telling the girls, "Go explore. Nothing too revealing. I'll buy you three outfits each." Overriding their mother, Piper raised her hands showing all ten fingers while mouthing, "Ten." The girls giggled and separated from the elders.
"Oh my God! Piper is so cool." Sable told her sister.
"Mom is going to tell her no. Don't get your hopes up."
"Ruin it why don't you."
"We both know mom."
"Yes, we do. Mom will cave because she likes Piper."
"A little too much... park behind the bushes? Need I remind you?"
"Maybe they were peeing."
"Yeah, they moaned and screamed at the top of their lungs while peeing in the bushes. You're so dumb. They were... you know..." Dakota wags her tongue between her right hands Vulcan greeting. Sable merely winced and shrugged it off in favor of looking through dresses on a circular hanging rack. Finding two dresses to her liking immediately she showed them to Dakota who held one of her own out in front of her body in the reflection of a mirror. Approving of one another's choices they greedily searched for more. Eying mannequins wearing extremely revealing dresses with tight fits and cut out windows, or slices up the sides, even shoelace style sinches they trembled first, giggled the next.
"Those are way too revealing."
"For you maybe. I'd wear things like this."
"Mom won't allow that."
"Guess what? In a week she can't judge or tell us what to do."
"She will anyway. Daddy wouldn't approve either."
"I'm trying one on." She selects a peach colored dress with no material on the sides whatsoever, only elastic strings going from hem to armpit. The dress was an off the shoulder number that lifted the chest when in place. Going into a changing stall with only a curtain to enclose herself Dakota changed and looked at herself in a full body mirror on the wall. "Whoa! Guys would go nuts seeing me in this. I bet Angus... why am I thinking of Angus when he's still seeing Robin Banks? Darn it! Even though I don't want to come between them... I really hope he's being honest with me. I do like him; I always have but he never really noticed me. It's sad when I've seen him look at mom more than me. I wonder if... a dress like this might keep him focused on me." A glance at the price tag at $200 she pouted, "No way is Piper paying this much, even if mom approved it. My life sucks!"
Catching her by surprise Sable yanks her curtain open and enters with a similar dress only in of all things a zebra pattern. "Holy Moley Sissy! You look... beautiful." Dakota melted at her sister's compliment and hugged her tightly. While embracing her she sighed on her shoulder.
"It's $200! I bet yours is too." Sable hadn't bothered to look. Parting their hug reality sank in as they examined the price tag. It was $220. "See? Try it on at least. We can take pics on our cells for Mace." A quick snapshot of Dakota first posing seductively Sable sent the picture right out to him in the SUV. Afterward Sable realized something. "Uhh? Sissy? Did you even notice you can see your areolas through the fabric?" She already had stiff nipples as it was. Looking at herself in the mirror Dakota grinned.
"So awesome! Let's see if Mace says anything." As Dakota removes her dress, she remains naked long enough to let Sable change. Once in her prison strips she turned from side to side.
"Gosh! I can see the shadow of my butt crack. I bet we could have yours too we just didn't notice. Take my pic." Hands in her hair she pouted at her sister like a model. Photo taken in front, a second in back Dakota sent the pics.
"I bet Mace beats off to these in the vehicle." Kota snickered. "Hey! Take a picture of my back down to my butt crack, I'll hold the dress to my chest. I want to show him some skin." Giggling Sable captured her sexy pose and sent it off. "One more! I want side boob this time." Done! Sent! Sable repeated the same once her zebra outfit was off. Both girls naked they posed side by side for a selfie. What they totally missed was their reflection in the mirror behind them. Sending it without examining it Mace saw both girl butt ass naked, their backsides in the image.
Out in the Ford Edge, Mace was playing a video game on his cell when the first pics of Dakota came through. Ceasing his game, he opened the text and bulged his eyes. "Nice! I can see Dakota's nipples. At least she's opening up good toward me. I know Aunt Piper wants me to not go after them but... that's so not going to be easy. The next photo coming through he found himself speechless. "Fuck! Her skin is flawless. Barely a tan line even." Third pic! "Oh, hell! Side boob action. Please send a full body nude next. God, I want to see them both naked. I can even deal with Sable's braces." Nope! Sable's pics. "Look who went on safari." He chuckled, "Dress is hot on her though. Nice cleavage." The selfie followup he lost his composure. "Oh fuck! Ass cheeks! Man, I want to spank those bottoms." With Rotten asleep in back Mace looked about for safety then unzipped his cargo pants and whipped his erection out with effort, forced to unbutton his cargos to unload his bulk. Once out he kept that reflection pic on his cell and started to stroke his nine-iron.
Four minutes of lost in time Mace hadn't noticed a pair of teenage girls walking by. Looking over at him through the window they saw his dick. An instant connection they stepped to the curb and tapped nails on the window. Looking up he nutted on the spot. Motioning him to roll his window down he took the chance. "Hey! That was awesome. You should do it again so we can watch longer."
"Hop in." He chuckled. He didn't expect them too, but they took him up on it. One ran around to the other side and opened the backseat door. The noise alerted Rotten who jumped up making the girls panic. "He won't bite. I might though. Just pet him." Carefully the blonde and her brunette friend climbed in and shut the door. Forced to make over Rotten first, Mace told the pooch to lay down. Obedience impressed both girls. "I'm Mace."
"Lisa! That's Wendy." The brunette sat sideways facing Mace, her stretchy mini skirt wide open to share in the fact she had no panties, and her bikini area was spotless. "Can we... touch it."
"Have at it." He left his drooling pecker alone. Fingers teasing his penis first they actually sampled his jizz. Eyes wide watching them both express a yummy delight in their expression he put his arms behind his head and slouched a bit. "You two headed for those dress shops?"
"Yes, we were. They have really sexy clothes in Stunner's. Out Skirts is pretty hot too. We bought our outfits there a few months ago. You have a huge cock." Wendy decided to grip it and stroke it for him. "I don't think I could even take a dick this big."
"I'll give it a shot." Lisa giggled. A ping on his cell phone led him to gnash his teeth. Looking at his text he found it to be Josie. "No way!" He thought as both girls shared in the responsibility of jerking him off, Lisa lightly squeezing his balls. Josie was now in on the fashion show. She had a dress on with holes everywhere barely hiding her essentials. A beguiling grin she wrote. "Too 18 holes Big Putter? LOL!"
"You can text whomever, we don't mind."
"Unless it's your girlfriend."
"No girlfriend. My aunt's neighbor. She does have the hots for me though. She's a schoolteacher."
"Oh, really? Where does she teach? We go to Lafayette."
"You two are still in high school?"
"Sophomore's!" His heart sank but for some reason his dick grew harder. "Does our age bother you? We're both 16."
"You... look 19." Makeup did wonders.
"Aww! Thanks! Can I suck your dick?" Wendy offered. Hesitant but feeling entirely too good by their hands he took a look behind him toward the stores then shrugged.
"Only if you take turns."
"We share everything." Lisa laughed. "I'm in." Holding their hair back both girls fought to seek enough leg room to join forces and lick his cock first. His head immediately went back at the fact this was even happening. He loved Nashville more and more. This kind of thing never happened in Atlanta. Sure, it bothered him they were sixteen but fuck it. It was only a blow job. While the girls chose to take turns Wendy swallowing as much of him as her tonsils allowed, Lisa curled under and sucked on his balls. He could barely text Josie back.
"I'd be your caddy any day." He told her, just as Dakota sent a text asking if he got their pics. He hadn't replied until now. Texting, "Sexy as hell both of you. Send more pics." An "Okay!" with a smiley face the twins got busy. Now that their nerves were out of the way both Dakota and Sable plotted their next wardrobe switch.
The same could be said of Piper and Josie. Giggling like schoolgirls themselves in discovering hidden gems everywhere their eyes looked. Not just dresses, there were cute middle-aged guys accompanying their own girls in search of clothing to their liking. In a matter of ten minutes Piper and Josie each had six more dresses to try on, some no way could they wear to school. At least Josie thought that. Piper? She intended to push the limits of Principal Carl Manley right out of the gate. Her first day was going to prove that she was a force to be reckoned with. Josie heading back to her changing booth had just enough time to read the text from Mace. Smiling at it she typed back, "When I can escape your aunt I'll send more."
Just as Josie pulled the curtain of her stall, she found it ripped right back aside to allow Piper to join her. Closing the curtain, she left it open a bit with a wink at Josie. Taking note of the movement of the two men who were obviously friends, both hanging outside the rooms as they allowed their girlfriends time to try on their own dresses. Josie caught on to Piper's inspiration.
Without care both Josie and Piper stripped out of their current outfits and stood in view of the men. Piper instantly palmed Josie's tits and pinned her against the rooms mirror, moving in to kiss her neck. With her profile facing the men Josie offered an expression of her enjoyment. The men smiled up a storm moving further right for a better look. Now seeing Piper's body in full view, they were both sharing silent whistles. Piper stepped up her game lowering her right hand to finger Josie, who held her breath trying not to moan.
The men forced to redirect their gaze as one of their lady friends stepped out to show off a sundress. Complimenting her to make her happy she went back inside to switch outfits. Attentions swiftly returned to Piper and Josie. The show must go on.
Kneeling in front of Josie, Piper buried her face between her bestie's thighs forcing Josie to palm the corner wall as support. The men could tell just how good Piper's tongue was doing, Josie's left hand in Piper's hair as her back arched. Whimpers were evident even as she held her breath as long as possible. She didn't want the stores only two workers to hear her and come running.
Once again forced to deviate attention the second girlfriend showed off her own party dress to wolf calls. "SEXY HOT!" Her man raised his voice making her giddy enough to charge him for a swift kiss. She hadn't even glanced toward Piper and Josie as luck would have it. Returning to her own changing room left her man time to turn toward Piper and Josie and lean his shoulder on the threshold before yelling, "SEXY, SEXY HOT! FUCKING SOLAR FLARE HOT." He meant Piper and Josie this time but regardless he heard his girl say, "I LOVE YOU DILLON."
Josie in mid moan looked his way and mouthed her own version of, "I love you, Dillon." She was really close to cumming. Thankfully her daughters were in the back of the clothing store away from witnessing their mother's lude act. Noting a gorgeous salesclerk approaching, Dillon eased their curtain closed and ran interference. A friendly gesture of protection his buddy asked the clerk about a dress he was holding for his girl.
Both of their girlfriends stepping out of their rooms simultaneously heard a shrill squeal as if trying to be contained and looked at one another before exploring the source. Tilting their bodies to peer under the curtain they found Josie had slid down the wall and was sitting on the floor, Piper still gnawing at her bestie's clit slumped over doggystyle. Both voyeurs grinned at their boldness and looked at each other with a glint of, "I'm sooo jealous." Bisexual themselves the night was going to be interesting for their men. Leaving them to their fun the girls claimed their lovers and paid for their dresses.
Inside their room Josie pulled Piper up by her hair and the two hugged, "You are amazing."
"I can't get enough of you Pussycat."
"Anytime anywhere, I'm yours Blondie."
"Wanna take pics for Henry?"
"Roman too." Mace as well but unspoken. The real fashion show began. Standing up they tried their selections on, and Piper took multiple shots of Josie in either full attire or seminude with playful expressions to taunt their souls. Josie took pictures of Piper for herself. Yep! Solar flare scorching. Pics were sent out for Henry and Roman. Receiving pics Roman Crandell realized he still had a chance with Josie. Henry was a bit busy so failed to return any reply. Now Mace? Between his sweet sixteen's and Josie, he nutted down Wendy's throat. Not to be left out Lisa took over with an appetite that demanded one more load for herself. Resting his phone aside he reached over both girls and tugged their skirts up over their asses and fingered both. The squealing was making Rotten antsy. Game on bitches!
Toward the back of the store Dakota and Sable had the same idea, Dakota asking Sable, "We still taking more pics for Mace?"
"Love it, yes!" She giggled, "Let's torture him out there all alone. Well, with Rotten." If they only knew!
"Let's go try these on before mom tells us it's time to go. You know once she has her choices made, she's ready to leave even if we don't have our minds made up."
"Piper won't let her. She's going to talk mom into giving us time." Regardless she followed her sister to the dressing rooms to find their mother stepping from her curtained hideaway in a blue dress that revealed skin from skirt to armpit, like their dresses earlier Josie's thread like shoestring laces held her dress together. The girls dropped their jaws. Seconds later Piper stepped from the same room in a white version of the same blue dress, only it was thinner in material and almost transparent. Both girls were speechless.
Dragging her sister into a stall with her Dakota swiftly removed her own dress and began trying things on. The dress she chose first was a strapless flower print not all that different than the outfit she came in wearing. With cleavage bursting she had Sable take a picture of her pointing both index fingers at her tits while drooping her chin into her divide. Jaw wide as if expressing shock, it made Sable laugh.
A second photo planned out Dakota unzips the back and turns sheepishly peering over her bare shoulder. Innocent eyes she exposed her entire backside down to the upper portion of her butt crack as she had before. A third picture somewhat similar, Dakota turned slightly left and exposed the side of her right breast. Sable was snickering up a storm. Finally, Sable lowers her cell putting it in her jean skirt pocket before saying, "Same pose! Try something different."
"Like what? I could just send a nude."
"You'd really do that?" Sable looked doubtful. Watching Dakota take the dress off she hung it up then placed a forearm over her nipples and her opened palm over her bikini area. Shocked Sable shrugged and took her pic full frontal and from the side. During the frontal Dakota dared to dig a finger up toward her vulva. So hot! Sable hadn't noticed that part. A fast peek they sent it off. "My turn." Sable gave her Sissy her cell.
"You need a nakie too."
"What!!!??" Sable yelped, "I don't want Travis to ever see me. What if Mace and Trav becomes friends?"
"Who do you want more Travis or...?" Dakota exaggerates the dimensions of Mace's big dick at a foot long. Sable pouted over the fact she knew very well that Travis was only half or less. Even in girth he was so much thinner. She was much more enamored by the size of not just Mace Belmont, but of her father, and that mean ole' Dominic Black guy. That guy was monstrous compared to Henry and Mace. "You really need to think about that? Fine! Don't!"
"Wait!" Sable prepped, slipping out of her outfit yet again. Shivering at the idea that her naked body was going to be seen by Mace, potentially anyone he dares to show her off too she palms her breasts. Looking up just as Dakota takes her picture she pouts, "Mace and Knox might even become friends. Are we sure we want to... "Jaw dropped, "You took a picture before I was ready." Picture sent as they wrestle over it. Mace Belmont was about to see a full frontal minus nipples, Sable slightly bushy pussy in view. "You are so mean."
"No pain no gain."
"But you didn't show him your kitty." Puckering at her sister's assessment Kota lowered the cell and used her left hand to lift away her pubes for a delicious shot and took one of her clitoris and very passionate looking virgin twat. Sending it off just that fast she bubbled up.
"Just did! Now he's seen us both." The thing was Mace was going to presume the up close show was Sable as well. Neither sister considered that. "We need to hurry up and decide on dresses we know mom will let us wear, buy for that matter." Agreed but tingly all over for their boldness they tried on multiple dresses with short flared skirts that they both knew Josie might be critical over. Zipper backs on two, cute button-down dresses with surprisingly low cleavages were making them both giddy. If only they could get these past their mother's scrutiny. Fingers crossed that Piper was on their side. Why wasn't Mace replying?
********
"Oh fuck! Balls deep... I know you can do it."
Lisa Marie Holden's bottom lip was fighting hard to impress Mace by her blow job talents. Unlike her friend Wendy Lisa had no tonsils and was used to sucking dicks of large proportions. Unknown to Mace, his aunt and Josie had heard stories of the local schools and their openminded policy's. For over a year now both girls had been inducted into being adorable little sluts. Good money! Paid well to experiment until the sex was so intoxicating, they could not get enough. Sad but true! They were only two of hundreds across the city. Story for another day. Nine inches was pure hell, but Lisa's gag reflex was shockingly minimal. Lip grazing a puffed-up scrotum as Mace looked over the incoming pictures of the twins Mace could not contain himself any longer. Nut number three in dynamic force shot fertile missiles down the girl's throat. The violent flow made her crazy. Between his fingers up her cunt while extending over her spine to reach her she too was cumming. Wendy holding Lisa's hair and touching herself now was feeling cheated. Mace in order to access his cell again had to halt his double barreling of both young cunts.
"Holy crap! The sisters are going naked for me. HELL YES!" He told himself while grunting to finish his interior decorating of Lisa's belly. This was his finest moment to date. His sex life slim before Nashville and now his luck was like a truckload of four-leaf clovers. At least in getting the pictures he had an idea of his timetable. His luck however was running out. He might not have family and friend visitors for a while longer that did not mean a phone call wouldn't interrupt him. "FUCK! You guys have to be quiet this is my aunt." Nodding as they continued sharing his beast Mace reluctantly answered.
"Yeah?"
"How's Rotten?" Piper asked as she tried on dresses with Josie helping her. Her selections were off the charts revealing. Only a few promising starter dresses she could wear until her trust level with students and faculty could be judged were on hangers ready to buy. These skimpier ones were for the future. Pinning her to the mirror Josie pulled Piper's current cleavage over her burdening melons and began sucking her nipples. "FUCK ME!" There it was Piper's faithful verse of intimate nerves of surprise. With the twins near she held her moans in after hearing giggles.
"I'm going to walk Rotten, I think he needs to pee."
Piper replying with, "Don't go too far. If he craps pick it up." Wendy hiking her skirt up made her move while Mace was talking, rising from his left she straddled his lap while Lisa guided his crown up to her friend's vulva. Sitting down on him she nearly squealed, barely audible but picked up on. "That was Rotten, he yawns loud. He's getting antsy. "What am I using to pick up... his leftovers? I didn't think to bring a baggy." Piper in her own emotional rollercoaster rolled her eyes back, Josie fingering her now from beneath her skirt, the dress so short she didn't even need to lift it. "I'll improvise. How much longer are you guys going to be?" Wendy was expressing her awe over how thick his beast was in ripping her cunt wide open. Hopping up and down on it she was trying her best to steal his entire nine inches but struggling to do so.
"I... I... " Piper had trouble answering without a deafening moan. "It might be a bit yet." Nipple bitten just to make Piper huff and claw at Josie's hair. "Bitch!" she mumbled. That deserved a pinch to the blonde bombshell's clit. She was so going to get even. "Go for a walk. We'll be there when we get there." Hanging up Piper decided she wanted video of Josie's appetite. Breast selfie, she recorded Josie feasting on her nipples without even looking up at her. A sidearm lowering she captured her Bestie's fingers up her cunt, digits wet and intrusive. Piper had to stop. Orgasm! A shrill squeal heard throughout the store the two girls working paused in their chores. Both women were mid-20's in age and lovely in their own right. Both Stunner's and Out Skirts clothing outlets hired only the hottest to promote their fashions. Even they had more skin available than should have been allowed. They knew things were not simply just trying on clothing. Let them have their fun.
********
Sable tried on a brown dress with sleeves, while not as sexy as some dresses she still found it a good first date dress for Travis. A normal picture snapped she felt beautiful. Dakota pausing to admire her sister smiles, "Travis will love that outfit." At least Sissy was promoting Sable's desires on the boy this time. Eyes flaring with excitement Sable hugged her sister. "Maybe you should tease Trav more. He's seen you naked anyway. Twice now." Three, once in her bedroom window.
"Okay! You're right. At least if Trav sees skin he won't get mad over it if Mace shows him the other pics. Let me take this brownie troop dress off." Discarding it Dakota took pics of her disrobing. Three pics in the process Sable was full frontal without coverage and blowing a puckered kiss. Dakota evil sent those to Mace too while Sable turned her back for a butt shot. Mace had them all, but Dakota did send those also to Travis. He wouldn't see those photos for a few hours due to washing his mom's KIA Soul, his cell on the charger upstairs in his bedroom. "I think I know the dresses I want. Are we going to at least try to buy some revealing ones we can afford?"
"YES! YES! YES!" Piper Cherry lost her mind cumming so dramatically now that Josie was on her knees eating her out that it echoed the entire store. The worker's giggled and assisted other customers. Even the patrons were fanning themselves at the extravagant cries.
"And there is our answer." Dakota smirked. "Mom and Piper are really getting into one another. I hope she doesn't turn completely gay." She pondered her own words then bit her lower lip. "Of course, if she does, I can console daddy until he lets his guard down." Thinking of Henry, Dakota wanted to touch herself. Sable just stared at her cell pics wondering why Travis hadn't responded. It was then she noticed her pics were sent to Mace too. Jaw dropping, she beat her sister to the punch. Touching her clitoris, it was on. Dakota eying her sister giggled and joined her. If Piper and Josie could play, so could they. Before long it sounded like a choir.
Hearing their competition Josie had to stop, her neck was killing her. Looking up at Piper she climbed to her feet and listened to her daughter's moaning. This was something she was not used to. The girls were always quiet at home. Piper coming down from her orgasm clung to her Bestie as Josie silently pointed out the racket. "Everything alright in there girls?' Josie called from inside their booth hoping to make them behave. Piper took over and kissed Josie preventing interference. Saved by the Belle!
"Five more to try on." Dakota spoke up halting her stimulating fingers. "Find any dresses you want?" Their mother's influence halted their playtime. Their hormones were going crazy, but they decided to delay anything more until they got home.
"A dozen easily." Josie paused Piper, "Yes, you two can buy ten. Piper told me it was on her."
"Any style you want my lovely young adults." Piper added as Josie frowned. "Skin is in my baby birds. Momma Bird is kicking you two out of the nest. FLY! FLY!"
"YESSSSSSSSSSS!" The girls were thrilled. Piper leaning on Josie's shoulder smiled knowing Josie was resisting telling her girls no.
"You're spoiling my kids."
"Let them grow up mommy."
"I'm trying."
Sable watched her reflection in the mirror, pouting over the fact she wore braces. Even as she tried on a couple really risqué dresses that fact nearly ruined her self-esteem. Luckily the countdown to have them removed was just a week away, prior to her birthday. Her sister was right though, they were pretty much identical to one another otherwise, so when they were removed, they would not be easily identified. That could make things interesting.
"I knew Piper would help us." Dakota thought as she too settled down to make her final decisions. Both girls lost in their looking glass drifted away. Kota pictured wearing a few of these dresses to school but knew three of them had far too much skin ratio. Still, they might make boys crazy outside of school. "I bet Angus... ugh! Stop thinking of him. Robin won't let him go. Just be his friend and see how it evolves." Her pussy on fire just thinking of Angus Furlong made her so wet she could feel trickles creasing down her inner thighs. "Maybe I should just chase Mace. Until daddy takes me." She smiled devilishly. A girl could dream.
"Final selections ladies." Josie peeled away from Piper to determine her own purchases. Piper left enough alone and knew she was buying all of her own choices. As Josie sorted Piper hugged her from behind.
"Why are you bothering to pick and choose. I'm buying all of them." Raising her voice Piper added, "Birthday girls? No decisions, get them all. Your mom is hushing over it." Mainly because Piper palmed her Bestie's mouth. Just processing the reaction of the twins, a stall over it was evident that they were dressed and running back into the store in search of more. Releasing Josie, she turned in her hug and looked up at the blonde.
"I love you so much."
"We're attached at the clit Pussycat. Forevermore!" A warm heartfelt embrace both closed their eyes to the world. No hurry! Let the girls go on their binge shopping. Forever sounded wonderful.
********
"ARRRRRRRGGGGH!"
"YESSSSSSS!" Wendy Cooper came hard over Mace Belmont's cock drowning his lap. Convulsing into him with his face buried into her cleavage he couldn't breathe, her perfume intoxicating. His own turbulent nut into her he prayed he didn't just knock her up. Time running out he patted her bare bottom. Unwilling to release him yet it took Rotten to lean over the back seat and drown her face in saliva. That made her hop off faster. Lisa was ready to resume until Mace paused her.
"Hold up! I've nutted five times in an hour. I can't... resist." Lisa was not losing her own opportunity. Straddling him backwards she lay against his chest and let Wendy now insert his thick head up into her buddy. Taking Mace's hands Lisa cupped them around her cute breasts with her cleavage pulled down. Hopping up and down on him she rode with a ferocity in her vibe. Letting her cum on him was all he had. Thankfully it was only a five-minute destruction. She squirted all over his cargo shorts down at his ankles. "I'm going to have to clean Aunt Piper's backseats. Man, this is insane." Enough was enough! "Listen! Give me your numbers we can hook up again while I'm in town, but I really need to get you two out of here before my aunt comes back."
"We need to go anyway." Wendy eyed her cell for the time. "We have to meet those Paramedics at 3:00 and we haven't even shopped yet."
"Paramedics?" Mace questioned it.
"Yeah! They're going to fuck us in an ambulance. So hot!"
"Whoa! Uhhh? How old are they?"
"Fifty something." Lisa drew off of his beast and pulled her clothing back into place. "Three grand. It's hard to say no even if we wanted to."
"You guys are hookers?"
"Nooooo! More escorts."
"At sixteen?"
"They ask for younger girls. We just get sent to keep them company."
"That's bonkers. Why would you want... "
"Because we get privileges." Wendy added. "You could have fucked us outside against the vehicle and no one would have arrested us. It's fun getting away with whatever we want."
"How... I don't want to know. Numbers?" He collected digits and sent them on their way. Wearing wet cargo pants was not fun but he knew Rotten really did need to go by now. Waiting until he saw the girls go into Out Skirts, he plucked up Rotten's leash and looked around for something to use as a baggy.
Looking over at the passenger side door where Sable had stashed her panties, he was tempted to use them as a pooper scooper, but he just couldn't do that to the girl. A quick sniff of her cute lace panties later he said under his breath, "No way am I ruining these." Jumping over the seat to join him he had to push Rotten away from sniffing them himself. "Not for you Big Guy."
Hooking Rotten's leash he recalled all the vibrations over his phone and checked further messages. "HOLYYYYYY SHIT! Bare asses. I love the McKellen's. Hot as hell Ladies." He sifted through one visual after another, "I got my fashion show after all." Then, he came across a number he didn't know. Opening the text picture, he realized it was Josie.
"Whoaaaa! She must have gotten my number after she sent her golf course pic on Piper's phone. Their mom insanely hot in that hot pink laced up cleavage that dipped past her belly button, the skirt hugging curves barely hid her pussy in the mirror shot. Piper behind her with her back turned was completely naked but pulling a black dress on over her head preventing her captured image. "I'd give my right nut to fuck Josie." Fantasy was good enough, at least she was showing her flirty side. Rotten whining he chuckled, "Let's strut Mutt."
Walking Rotten he found a discarded hot dog wrapper from a food truck in a trash can to use as a pooper scooper. Grossed out no matter the outcome. The wrapper did have dog written on it. During the walk Mace thought about the pictures and found it inspirational. Finding an alley between shops he stepped into it and made Rotten sit. Trusting him not to move Mace undid his pants and first took a cell shot down at his tented briefs, showing off his abs in the process, another picture of his huge cock riding high without fear, a third photo being a behind the back shot of him mooning. Laughing at his fast photo shoot he saved them then began sending pics back to the girls. In Josie's case he only sent the first pic of his arousal behind the Hanes. The moon landing went to both Dakota and Sable. While waiting for their reply he cracked up and took a picture of Rotten's backside just to gross them out. Caption reading, "Rotten was feeling left out."
In the store checking out Josie eyed her daughter's choices in dresses. Each time she started to say, "This is too short." Piper clamped a palm over her mouth. The twins giggling at Piper's defending them only locked their bond. Auntie Piper most definitely. Josie just threw her hands up and stepped away biting her tongue.
"You're so awesome." The girls hugged Piper tightly from her sides.
"Aww! I've got your backs. You two... just grow up without giving your parents a hard time."
"We will."
As the checkout kept scanning barcodes Josie felt her cell ping and checked out the picture Mace sent of his pants undone and dick high beneath his Hanes. Fanning herself she was tempted to text back, "Let's see it." She chose to be loyal to Piper's wishes. "Dammit Mace!" For now!
Releasing Piper both Sable and Dakota discover their own texts from Mace. The moon made them blush whispering, "He has a cute ass." A rapid text blizzard out of both girls asked if he liked their pics. His reply on the way back to the SUV was, "Seen better." With an emoji sticking it's tongue out. They considered more pictures but quietly shied away from going any further. Just as well, Mace opted against sending his dick pic too. Again, for now!
Then came Rotten's pic and both girls lost their zest, "Ewwwww!"
"$15,200 dollars?" Josie saw the cash register's tally, "Piper? That's..." Another clamp to her mouth Josie winces and rolls her eyes. Paying with a Platinum card Piper turns to her bestie, "Still want to check next door at Out Skirts?"
"Only if I buy." Josie insisted, "Ummm! About $14,500 less though. Henry would choke me."
"Sounds fun."
"Thank you, Piper." Josie melted. "You... complete me."
"Always will Pussycat." She takes her receipt from the cashier and whispers, "We're lovers." The two female workers kissed one another in front of them admitting they were too. On occasion that is! Josie blushed; the cute cashier merely winked. "Let's prance kittycats. Everyone hauls their own booty." Piper whirled grabbing bags to lead her pussy posse out of Stunner's.
Another $525 dollars was spent at Out Skirts. Oh, those skirts were short. Finally, heading back to Piper's SUV to unload, Mace found he and the twins buried in bags. Beneath it all Sable got her first reply from Travis. Two pictures from Pervert Herbert, one his face, tongue wagging, the other his penis. Sable hid her laughter but showed Dakota and even Mace. Mace winced in thought, "That bastard beat me to it." Seconds later he grew envious of their awe and just sent his own pic. Receiving it the girls dropped their jaws at seeing his monstrous erection in all of its well-used glory. That led the twins into looking from their cells and directly at his tented cargos. Thankfully dry now! With a mass of shopping bags held covering their laps it avoided Piper and Josie's view of them. An index to his lips he carefully unzipped his fly and pulled it out in front of them. Eyes bulging behind sunglasses the girls fought the giggles. Leaving his monster out Mace placed his palms on both of the girls' upper thighs. Both of the twins looked nervous but lifted their bottoms just enough to ease their skirts higher. Without looking at their laps he dared to rub their pussies, the wetness firewater. Clits teased the girls had to tremble but accepted it all of the way back to Hooter's Crossing. No moans, but lots of juiciness. Mace certainly sat up straight the rest of the way home, both girls hugging his arms. Touching Mace was even better, both girls curling fingers around his girth. Amazed they stroked their first ever cock. A silent nut just as Piper turned through the gates to their house division his cream oozed down over the girls knuckles. Man was he full of it today.
Lots of crinkles were heard.
Very noisy bags.