I had known Lisa and Pete for years, seeing them at nudist events, and had spent much time enjoying their company and the incredible pot that they always brought. But I was taken by surprise when Pete suggested that Erin and I join them for some side-by-side lovemaking. He said that Lisa would really enjoy it, but I think it was really Pete who wanted to do it. I guess the attraction is obvious – Lisa and Pete have been removing their pubic hair for years, and Erin and I are similarly hairless. Clearly we all share the turn-on that a clear view of genitals provides. Neither Lisa nor Pete ever seemed shy when my gaze lingered a bit too long, either on Pete's hefty cock or Lisa's juicy pussy. But now I was really excited looking forward to seeing them in action. When I asked Erin afterwards, she said that she was very interested too. This was Erin's first nudist event, and she was having a great time, making lots of friends. That was, of course, when Erin and I weren't in the room, fucking like monkeys! I just can't keep away from her beautiful waxed pussy, her smallish (but perfectly sized for me) breasts with wonderfully responsive nipples, and the rest of her luscious body. So it seemed that all of us were looking forward to the encounter.
After the dance, we ran into Pete and Lisa at the afterparty, when Pete suggested that the four of us go off. Given a choice between the regular party and our "special" party, the four of us immediately made a beeline to our room. Pete brought his camera, and I pulled out mine, and the two ladies posed on the bed. Since we were all naked, no undressing was necessary. Pete directed their poses, starting with a couple of relatively modest poses, and then to spread their legs a little. Their pussies were so different – Erin's, which I know so well, features short inner lips and a tiny, shy clit. Lisa's was so different, with long inner lips, and a clit that was already starting to poke its way out. We took a few pictures of the two of them, when Pete suggested that we get a picture of the four of us showing off how hairless we were.
So we moved to the other bed while Pete set the timer on his camera. The first shot was pretty good, showing both girls' naked pussies, and our half-hard cocks, but cutting off our heads – whoops! The second one had all of us, except that we had silly expressions on our faces. We really should have taken another one, but by this time we were too horny to take the time – I just couldn't keep my hands off of Erin.
Erin lay down on the bed, and I squeezed in next to her, and gave her a kiss. And then another. Her mouth opened to receive my tongue. Pete took his camera and took pictures of us kissing. I let one hand stray to Erin's right breast. Her nipple hardened in reaction to my touch. I brought my face down to gently lick that nipple. Erin started making her happy noises. Pete kept snapping pictures. Erin's hand reached for my cock and started stroking. Then squeezing. I was busy licking Erin's nipples, first one, and then the other. I moved my body down the bed so I could get between her legs. Her hairless pussy opened up for me. I ran my tongue up one of her lips and down the other. Then I went for right for her pretty clit, and licked her from front to back. It swelled as I licked it. I progressed to linking circles around it. Erin was starting to move her hips. Pete kept snapping pictures. I pulled my head back, barely touching Erin's clit with my tongue, so Pete could get a good shot.
As this was going on, Lisa was sitting on the bed giving Pete a blowjob, and as far as I could tell, it was a great one. Pete was getting harder. Interestingly enough, he only got a little bigger when he got hard, so we're close to the same length. The blowjob inspired me to walk around the bed to the side, and offer Erin my cock. She eagerly took me into her mouth, and started doing wonderful things with her tongue. Pete was taking pictures all the while, some with me fully in her mouth, and some with me withdrawing and just touching her lips or her tongue. In no time at all, I was hard as a rock.
So I walked around the bed again and got on top of Erin, between her legs. Conventional as it is, we both love the missionary position, and decided to start that way. I think what I like about it is that I can look at her face while fucking, or kiss her, or lick her breasts. We were doing slow thrusts when Lisa lay down next to Erin, and Pete climbed on top of her. It was pretty crowded on the bed, but we didn't mind, it was so sexy making love next to each other. I could feel Lisa's hand against my thigh, and Erin's hand was against Pete's. I stopped thrusting, and took my left hand on Lisa's breast. Her breasts were similar to Erin's, but her nipples were so different. Lisa's nipples were extra large, but they didn't get hard – they stayed soft and squishy, around the consistency of labia. Pete was fingering Erin's breast while I did this, so I went one step further and took a light lick of Lisa's nipple. It was wonderful to have my dick in Erin's pussy and to be licking Lisa's nipple. Pete lowered his head and licked Lisa's other nipple. I decided to pay a little more attention to Erin, and resumed the in-and-out motion. Pete reached his head over and started licking Erin's nipple just like I had been licking Lisa's.
The rest of the evening was a hodge-podge of different positions, picture taking, and hot fucking and sucking. We never switched partners, but there was tons of reaching, fingering, and licking. Erin got to taste Lisa's nipples, and vice-versa. Erin likes ass play, and she played with everyone's asshole – mine, Pete's and Lisa's. At some point, I stuck my hand between Pete and Lisa and was rubbing her pretty clit, and feeling the harness of Pete's shaft as he pumped in and out. Later, Pete did the same with Erin's clit. At one point, Erin was licking me again, and Pete was fingering her pussy. At one point, I was lying on my back, with Erin riding my cock, and Lisa was lying on her back in the opposite direction, with Pete astride her. Lisa's pretty foot was just inches from my face, so I decided to go for it and planted a kiss on her foot. She didn't pull away, so I pulled her foot to my lips and started licking her sweet toes. She responded by grabbing my foot, which was by her face, and caressing it. I was in heaven!
We finally finished, and took a shower. We've since had a chance to look at the pictures, and they're really hot! And Pete has been keeping in touch and wants to swap more pictures, so I figure there's lots more fun in the future for us. Maybe someday I'll get to lick Lisa's pretty pussy ...