Have We Met: Part 1
I slept through the entire thing, event, hell, whatever you wanted to call it. The night before had been pure bliss. I picked up this gal at a local watering hole, went to a motel, and we fucked each other sober. You know it was a good night when that happened. I got home after midnight and crashed hard. The evening would have been perfect if it wasn't for the damn dream. In it, I began as a rat; granted, I was a huge gnarly one; anyway, I was hunting for something. That something ended up being a sickly old dog. The poor thing was on its last leg, and in typical dream fashion, logic never played a part in what happened next. My body leaped at the canine's throat, and it died quickly. No longer a rat, I was now a huge hulking wolf hybrid, primitive and hungry. Relentlessly driven by some unseen force, I headed to the zoo. I knew where I was going but not why. I easily slipped onto the grounds and sought my next target at the big cat facility. This time it was a feeble aged leopard. You guessed it, I killed the cat and took on the form of a deadly apex predator to stalk my last prey, a human being. I woke from the nightmare with my teeth firmly embedded in a night watchman's jugular. It wouldn't have been so bad if the dream hadn't haunted me for nearly a year.
I buried the dream with the memories of the night before since I wanted a second shot at the woman, but we never exchanged numbers or emails. Oh well, probably for the best. I was showering off her scent when the landlord hollered about the murder. I finished up as quickly as possible and waited outside the four-family flat until police forensics gathered evidence and the cops interviewed everyone. Though I had put on a jacket, the wind cut through it like crazy, and my wet hair didn't help.
The police tape quarantined the apartment and maintained the scene until every scrap of evidence could be collected, bagged, and sent to the lab for study. My landlord and one of my neighbors stood shivering, just like me. One of them was missing; was he the victim? Another blast of agonizing wind cut through me, and I shivered and rubbed my torso to keep from freezing. I endured because I must.
"You are Colton Windermere?" The uniformed officer asked.
"Yeah, what the hell is going on?" I replied as I tried and failed to check out the female cop's ass discretely.
"Did you just?" She asked as she got in my face.
"I just woke up, and my landlord is screaming about a dead body. I am not at my best right now," I said, and she glared at me. "It is difficult ignoring such a phenomenal backside." The glare became a sly grin.
"Where were you last night?" The officer asked.
"I hit the Black Thorn bar, picked up some female companionship, and didn't get back here until after midnight. I don't know if anyone heard me come in or not. You'd have to ask them."
She jotted it down in her notebook. Officer sweetcheeks continued asking questions, mainly whether I knew the victim and if we got along.
"Dex kept to himself though he did have a lot of visitors," I replied. "He was quiet by nature. I couldn't tell you what he did for a living."
That is when the late model Mustang police interceptor pulled up; you could tell from the front grill with the hidden emergency lights and tinted windows. I wondered if other countries had unmarked police vehicles. Maybe I'd Google it after they let me go. Was this a second detective arriving on the scene or perhaps one of the higher-ups? Why would a murder here merit the attention of a high-ranking police officer? I could barely make out movement, and it looked to me like the driver was drinking from a cup or container. The movement stopped, and a short time later, the driver's side door opened, and she stepped out. Damn, she looked hotter dressed than she did the night before. Not that she didn't look good naked and impaled on my cock. No doubt, she was the woman I had recruited from the bar.
Officer Sweetcheeks finished the initial interview, and I found a spot out of the wind to wait until they cleared the building. The uniformed cop approached the female detective and addressed her by name.
"Detective Evenwood."
"Aw fuck," I cursed softly. "This is going to be awkward."
Evenwood never mentioned she was a cop when I buried my dick in her ass. Well, she was too busy moaning and thrusting her hips against me. I wondered if she wanted the footage of last night as evidence for my alibi. Not fucking likely; that kind of shit ended careers. The chief of police would not be amused to see a bright young woman begging for my dick in her backdoor. I better keep that information to myself. Besides, it would be nice to revisit it later. Maybe I could get Evenwood's number and reacquaint ourselves. The odds for a rematch improved significantly.
"What's the situation?" Evenwood asked as she scanned the area, and our eyes locked. The lovely Asian/Black woman cursed and pinched the bridge of her nose. "Who is that?" She asked, pointing to me.
"He lives here. According to his statement, he slept through everything," Sweetcheeks replied. "He claims he had sex before he got home."
"Do we have a time of death?" Evenwood asked, ignoring me altogether.
"Initial estimate puts the murder between eleven and midnight," Sweetcheeks said.
My rock-hard alibi for the murder is one of the detectives. It didn't get much better than that, I thought. The other detective waved Evenwood over to the edge of the police tape. As Evenwood walked over to her partner, I took in her beauty. The way her tits bounced and her ass moved, I wanted her more than ever. Despite the bitter wind, my body reacted to the memory of our time together. I tried to hide my hand, adjusting my growing erection.
"This one is fucking brutal," the male detective announced. "Speaking of, how was your night off?"
"It was nice," Evenwood replied. "I got rid of some much-needed stress."
Yeah, she did, I thought, three orgasms worth of tension. I sank two loads worth of anxiety into her, one in the front and finished in her rear. The wind didn't bother me much as I remembered our fierce encounter.
"Glad to hear it. This job can eat you alive if you let it," the older detective said.
What had happened that a seasoned homicide detective could describe the scene as fucking brutal? Had the victim been butchered? It was the only thing I could think of that fit the description. Was Dex the victim? I looked around and spotted Dasha and Rupert. Rupert, our landlord, lived on the first floor, while Dasha had the apartment across from me on the second floor. Dasha worked as an exotic dancer at one of the local strip clubs at night and went to college during the day. Her stage name was Nanna-Sin, after a Sumerian goddess. Dasha also benefited from having a Middle Eastern lineage and reminded me of the adult actress Mia Khalifa. They could have been body twins, except I thought Dasha was more attractive. I had visited her at work a few times when she needed a lift home and didn't want to take a bus late at night. It didn't hurt that she was a massive fan of road head with a matching oral fixation.
Dex rented the apartment below me and was not on the front lawn with the rest of us. He must be dead or on the run. The questions began to form in my head despite the rude awakening. Could the police identify the corpse? The male detective had used the descriptor fucking brutal, which painted a particular image in my mind like tons of blood, fleshy bits, and a savage attack. Had Dex murdered someone over a drug deal gone wrong or the other way around? I had mixed feelings about it. I didn't know much about Dex since he wasn't social, and his visitors at odd hours had long ago become fucking annoying.
I wasn't the only one that suspected he was dealing drugs. Rupert called him out on it more than once. Their argument wasn't what you'd call civil. Dex declared that nothing illegal occurred in his apartment. However, he did have a lot of guests at all hours of the night and day. The few times the cops got called, they came up empty. So, whatever he was doing may not have involved narcotics. Something painted a target on his back, and he or a client had paid with their life. It was all conjecture until the police released details about the case.
The detectives moved inside, and I waited patiently until the officer with the nice butt offered to drive me to the station to file an official statement. I climbed into the back of her squad car and settled in for the short haul to the station.
"Mr. Callahan wasn't well-liked?" Sweetcheeks asked. "Your neighbors spoke less encouraging about him. Would you like to amend your initial statement?"
"So, Dex was murdered last night?"
"I can confirm that he was the victim of a homicide. Do you want to tell me your genuine feelings?"
"I didn't want to speak ill of the dead," I began. "Dex wasn't what you'd call a social animal and came off as shady as fuck. There were many people in and out of his apartment all the time. I can't be sure, but find out who supplied his drugs if you are looking for a suspect. Something was going on down there. What it was, I can only guess."
"Stand-up kind of guy, huh?" She asked sarcastically. "Speaking of death wish, you checked out my ass at a crime scene. You claimed to be with someone last night. So, you still need to stare at someone's butt?"
"Is that an official question, officer?"
"Call it a need to know for now," she laughed.
"Officially, last night, I found a nice religious girl, took her to a motel, and we went at it in a biblical sense."
"Ha, you crack me up," she giggled. "I guess we run her down for your alibi, and you'll be off our list."
"She did not give me her name or number. We were too busy with other things," I said. It was the truth, but things might get interesting when the detective gets involved. "If it will help to apologize, I will."
"Pfft," she made a rude noise. "The uniform hugs my butt, and I don't mind. Pity you didn't get a name. It might make finding her easier."
"I noticed you didn't say hard," I joked.
The cop laughed and winked at me via the rearview mirror. Two cops in two days, my luck was turning around. We arrived at the station, and I wrote out my statement and signed it. Officer Sweetcheeks initialed it and handed me her business card and cell number. Her work shift ended at six, and she'd be getting off by seven if I had anything to say about it. Of course, there might be a delay since I was technically a suspect in a homicide. I could wait for this to blow over to nail Officer Jennifer MacLeod.
"Wait here while I file your report, and if we need anything else, someone will inform you," Jennifer said.
I kicked back and relaxed. The chairs weren't what you'd call comfortable. But I had nothing to worry about since I was balls deep in sweet detective pussy while someone ended Dex. Jennifer returned and informed me that one of the detectives would call me when I could return home. If I had friends or family, I might want to stay with them for a few days. I dialed my mom. She still lived in town.
"Colton?"
"Hey, mom, I need a favor. Can I crash on your couch for a few days? I can't use my apartment right now."
"Let me guess, another jealous husband," mom joked. "Kidding. Come on over. You still have a key, don't you?"
"I got it. I will be over as soon as the police give me the okay."
"Police! Goddamnit, Colton, what did you do this time?"
"Nothing, someone murdered one of my neighbors."
"Holy shit, that was just on the news. Alright, I will make up one of the spare bedrooms. Stay as long as you like."
"Thanks, mom, you're the best."
Officer Jenny stuck her head in and told me I was free to go. I called a cab to take me to mom's house. Until the forensic guys did their thing, the apartment was off-limits. I paid the driver and found mom waiting for me. She hugged the shit out of me, pressed my face to her cleavage, and cried. I told her to relax since I wasn't the victim. We went inside, and mom fixed coffee. While she cleaned out the brewer's filter, I examined her backside.
"Damn, woman, have you lost weight?" I asked, and she blushed.
"Twenty pounds," she gleefully responded. "I know my ass is still huge."
"Just the way I like it," I added, and she glared at me. "Come on, are you still mad I took your virginity?"
"I am your mother," she fired back with little conviction.
"Stepmom, it isn't like we are related or anything. Jeez, you wailed like a banshee the first time we hooked up. I am sorry if I hurt your butt."
"No, you're not. You strutted around here like you owned the place. You pounded my poor ass like the devil himself. I had to sit on icepacks to recover."
"Aw, you loved every minute of it," I corrected her. "I have the video of you begging for more of my cock."
"Good times," she laughed. "I miss having you around here, not just for the mind-blowing sex, though that is a bonus. When you get my age, guys pass you by."
"Oh my god, woman, you aren't even forty yet. Jeez, Louise, you're what, thirty-eight?"
My late dad married Wanda in my first year of high school. He called her his wicked Wanda, and man, was he right. Wanda put much younger women to shame with her dick-sucking skills and adventurous nature. When he died last year, Wanda and I grew too close. We spent a week mourning my dead father and learning what made the other tick. We shared kinks and passions and played them out without guilt or inhibition. If I died tomorrow, that would still be the best time of my life.
"How is your legalese coming along?"
"Eh, why?"
"I have a few things for you later," Wanda said. "Which room do you want, the one next to mine?"
"Nah, I'll take the guest room next to your study. Do you still hate the mirror?"
"Yes, that damn thing gives me the creeps. I don't know how the hell you stand the damned thing."
"It has been in the family for generations."
"Yeah, right. Oh, I almost forgot something. I will be right back cop a squat."
Wanda got herself a new couch, and it looked comfy. I sat and grabbed the remote for the seventy-two-inch plasma display. Let's see if Booker has posted a video on Platform, Twitch, or Youtube. I spoke into the remote and sorted by date. Something heavy settled into the cushion next to me. I paused the video to see a large cardboard box marked 'legal papers.' It didn't have a lid, and an eyeglass case was on top of all the folders.
"Some light reading for you. It covers your father's and Numenor's lawsuits, specifically Nick Shaw."
"Isn't there a lawyer handling this?"
"Yes, but your dad always had to know what was happening. The gist is this; your father filed a patent application that covered a new and improved technology involving AI and crystal hard drives. Nick lost his shit because he was weeks away from filing his patent, or so he claimed."
"Ouch, that had to hurt."
"Yeah, so Kat, Nick's sister, stepped in and began negotiating for your father's patent. But until the lawsuits are settled or dismissed, talks are stalled. I kept this from you until you turned twenty-one. Now you are officially an adult. This steaming pile of legality is all yours now. Enjoy."
"What's with the eyeglass case?"
"Open it and find out."
I picked up the box and opened it. Inside was a man's bracelet. Its black matte finish and woven Celtic knot design were quite handsome. There wasn't an apparent clasp, so I wondered how it stayed on, and next to it was a man's signet ring with a stunning dark blue diamond. I tried on the ring, and it fit perfectly. The bracelet was another matter as I fumbled with it.
"Like this," Wanda said, picked it up, and slapped it against my left wrist.
It reminded me of how cops used to put handcuffs on bad guys back in the day. The bracelet wrapped around once and stayed put. Was it magnetic?
"Your dad left that for you before, you know. He said it was the latest in military-grade tech. You can call it a tactical bracelet for all I care. It will let the house know you are friendly and monitor your vitals if something unfortunate happens. Don't take it off."
"Why go to those kinds of measures?"
"One, I lost your dad way too soon. Two, this house has been in your family for three generations. Three, it is your house now. Welcome home." Wanda said and handed me a mug of coffee. I sipped the coffee to give me time to process everything.
"New coffee?" I asked.
"Yes, one of the old ladies I spend time with at the nursing home recommended it."
"I think it is nice that you do that," I said.
Booker faced off against a titanic tree creature in the middle of New York. While he kept it busy other heroes assembled to lend him a hand. Why did the city look like Poison Ivy had taken over? Weird.
"Ooh, Ghost Fire," Wanda exclaimed. "I know him. He is such a sweetie and so gentle."
"Wait, you've met Booker?"
"Met him, oh sweetie, he fucked me rotten and then some," Wanda said, nearly swooning, and then proceeded to describe their time together.
"He seems to be the kind of guy that doesn't put on airs."
"Exactly, what you see is what you get, every inch of it."
"It is good to see you smile like that. At least one young man finds you irresistible."
"Don't you want to watch the commentary?" Wanda asked.
"Commentary? What are you talking about?"
"See that yellow icon in the bottom corner that indicates another layer to the video. That number means three people are reviewing the footage. Just mouse over the icon, and viola."
"Booker held his own against an A-ranked titan for nearly a minute by himself," one of the men said.
"A-ranked or not, he did a lot of damage," the solitary woman added. "Watch that health bar drop."
"Damn, he is fast, his reaction time is off the charts, and he doesn't possess any speedster buffs or perks." The other man said. "His dagger hits nearly as hard as Thor's Mjolnir and is twice as quick due to its aerodynamic design."
"When did they add this feature to streaming videos?" I asked.
"Ooh, six months ago, Numenor came up with the idea, and their entertainment company did the heavy lifting. If you watch the original footage, the player gets all the revenue minus what the provider takes. In Booker's case, since he is exclusively a Numenor star, Kat and Nick get that generous slice. When you activate the commentary, those people get a portion depending on how well the original makes; the more views, the more money. Add a sponsor or two, and they can get a nice check in the mail. Of course, Booker donates ten percent of his earnings to charity."
"Twenty million views on average, and ten percent of that is generous."
"He has helped a lot of people in need."
I reached for the first manilla folder and began reading. Dad had improved upon Nick's AI profile and personality parameters. It made the artificial characters more in-depth and able to cope with a broader range of encounters and increased problem-solving skills. The second lawsuit dealt with a fundamental enhancement of Nick's crystal motherboards. Well, dad's version was a small cube of programable matter that performed all of the functions that Nick had delegated to a more traditional setup. The three-dimensional nature of the cubes allowed the computers to process a substantial amount of information faster and more efficiently. As the AI encountered more and more processes, the programable matter changed to make those connections even quicker. The technology mimicked the human brain creating a neural network.
"Pure genius," I said as Wanda snuggled close. "It seems dad abandoned the cube shape, believing that the tech didn't need to rely on a specific form since the programable matter could adapt to myriad shapes and sizes. Brilliant. I wish I were half as bright as my dad."
"Nick thinks your father stole those ideas somehow. In a deposition done under oath, Nick stated that the only time he ever wrote down the ideas was in the shower, either on the wall of his shower or the bathroom mirror."
"How could dad spy on Nick while he was in the shower? That doesn't make any sense."
"Nick's lawyers claim he used a drone to stalk Nick, despite no evidence of a drone infiltrating Nick's residence. His superyacht rarely docks, and no known drones could function at that range or extended timeframe."
"How the hell did the judge not throw out this mess?" I asked, and Wanda shrugged. "It's not like either of us is hurting for money."
"Tell me about it," Wanda agreed. "All those patents and government contracts paid off big dividends. So, why are you living in a four-family flat?" Her question took me by surprise.
"Saving for a rainy day," I said. "If I go nuts and spend it, I will have to have a real job. Fuck that. I prefer a modest place and time to work on my art. Besides, I have done enough traveling for now. When the itch strikes, I hop a flight to wherever and spend a week enjoying the local wildlife."
"Wildlife? Does that mean the local women?" Wanda joked.
"Yes. Variety is the spice of life. How is your sex life?" I asked, and she frowned. "That good, eh? Sorry to hear that. Are you still practicing yoga and Tai Chi?"
"I have to entice the guys with something. Being uber flexible is a big seller."
"Can you still get your feet behind your head?"
"Uh-huh, I can be a human pretzel if they want, ha, that got a smile. You going to be okay with what happened last night?"
"I have an alibi, so I'm good," I said. "One of the detectives assigned to the case was my fuck buddy last night."
"Oh wow, that could complicate her life," Wanda giggled. "Was she any good?"
"Tightest ass I've had since things between us cooled off."
"You say the sweetest things," she said. "Did you know the victim at all?"
"Like I told the cops, he kept to himself. He had a lot of visitors at all hours of the day and night. I figured he was dealing drugs, but there was something that one of the detectives said that makes me think it was personal."
"What did they say?"
"He called it brutal, and it wasn't just the word but how he said it and his expression."
"Do you think one of your neighbors did it?"
"I don't know. I can't imagine either my landlord or Dasha doing something so heinous. Officer Sweetcheeks asked me how well the others liked Dex, the victim."
"Officer Sweetcheeks? Is her ass better than mine?" Wanda asked, sticking out her lower lip.
"I don't know. I'd have to see your asses side by side to make an honest judgment."
"Mmm, I like a good threesome as much as anyone. Do you think Sweetcheeks will go for it?"
"I look forward to finding out after the investigation is over, obviously," I said, and Wanda laughed. "Stick out your tongue," I said. Wanda smiled and thrust out her tongue and wiggled it. "You got it split; that looks interesting."
"You better believe it," Wanda snickered. "Before you ask." She stood and tugged down the top of her biker shorts. "I got a Harley Quinn tattoo on the same day."
"Lucky you," I said, reading the tattoo. "I was expecting Harley's face or something, but I like the font and flourishes around it."
"You are the first guy to see it," Wanda exclaimed. "Speaking of, I have costumes, handcuffs, and a vivid imagination. You want to rekindle that bonfire?"
"You read my mind. I want to feel how good your new tongue works on my...."
The front doorbell rang, interrupting the conversation.
"I'll get it. It is probably for me anyway," Wanda said. I followed her to the front to see who it was. "Hello, detective. What can I do for you? Colton, yes, he is staying here. Come on in; he is right here." Detective Evenwood stepped in, and I cringed when Wanda checked out the cop's ass. "I see what he likes about you."
"You told her?" Roxanne asked. "My career is ruined."
"Detective Evenwood, I never brought your name up in my statement. My stepmom deserved to know what was going on. Are you here to tell me I am no longer a suspect?"
Wanda couldn't hide her surprise when she heard Roxanne's last name. Did Wanda know her or perhaps a member of her family? That wasn't important, I was a suspect in a brutal murder, and I needed that behind me as soon as possible.
"Yeah, I heard you stared at Officer Jennifer MacLeod's backside. Is that true?" Roxanne asked, sounding jealous.
"Jennifer has a nice butt," I said. "So do you, for the record. I would swear to it on the bible."
"I filled out a report about last night, just that we had physical relations at the time of the murder and that I had met you that night. Who knows if I will still be a detective after this case is solved," Roxanne said.
"So, you left out the kind of sex we had," I joked, and her eyes narrowed. "Listen, I am not the kind of guy that brags about sodomizing sexy police detectives."
"Damn it, Colton, my career is on the line," Roxanne begged. "You are off our radar for now. Please, keep your mouth shut."
"I don't want to hurt anyone. I thoroughly enjoyed last night and was upset when we did not exchange numbers."
"Here is my business card, for official reasons only," she said. "When you got home, did anything unusual happen? Did you hear or see anything that might help our investigation?"
"Um, let's see," I said as I thought back. "Well, I'm sure it is nothing, but...."
"What?!"
"Well, my apartment was warmer than usual. It felt like it was around seventy-five degrees. I have a smart thermostat with a range of preset temperatures. For it to be that warm is unusual. It must have been bitter cold out last night to trigger its programming. Maybe you should check last night's forecast. Sorry, there isn't more."
"That explains a few things. I can't say what or why, but it helps, I think," Roxanne puzzled over what may or may not have been a vital clue. "I need to return and start tracking down a killer. Be careful. They likely won't return, but keep an eye out, okay? Listen for what it is worth. You seem like a nice guy."
"Watch your back Roxanne, um, detective," I stammered. She left, and Wanda never uttered another word until the door closed.
"She so wants your cock. I could almost see saliva at the corners of her mouth."
"Do you think the killer will return? Maybe I should get a new place to stay?"
"I will protect you. We will shield you from the dark things," Wanda promised. "Meanwhile, you can warm my bed as long as possible."
"How did you meet Booker?" I asked, redirecting the conversation.
"It was a few months back. My lawyer and I met with Kat Shaw and her solicitor for a face-to-face over the lawsuits. We had just finished very tentative agreements when Booker arrived. The next thing I know, we were eating lunch, and after that, he was eating me, if you know what I mean."
"Damn. So have you seen Booker since?"
"Once or twice, but he has a full schedule. He did offer to speak with Nick about lawsuits. He has the same intense dark eyes as Nick. I think they are related somehow."
I weighed the option of texting Jennifer and thought better of it. While the case was open, I would keep my contact with Roxanne and Jennifer for official purposes only. Then the image of a threesome between a detective, officer sweetcheeks, and me popped into my head. That got my blood pumping. I turned to face Wanda and struck. My hand shot out, grabbed her by the hair, and pulled her into a blistering kiss. Her arms slipped around my neck, and she pressed close. My other hand cupped one of Wanda's ass cheeks and caressed it. I broke the embrace and kissed her neck down to her collarbone.
"Aw, god, yes," Wanda whimpered. "It's been too long. Whatever you want. I'll do it."
"I know," I said. Someone knocked on the door and called Wanda's name. "Are you kidding me? Fine. Answer the damn door. I'll be on the couch when you're ready."
"I'll get rid of whoever it is as fast as possible," Wanda promised. I heard the front door open, and Wanda exclaimed. "Octavia? What are you doing here?"
Octavia? Isn't that the exhibitionist from across the street? I remembered Octavia, especially during the summer when she sported that micro bikini while sunbathing. For a MILF she pulled it off and got the attention of half the neighborhood.
"Why was a police detective at your house?"
"What makes you think she was a cop?" Wanda asked, and I heard her soft oh of surprise. "Where did you get those?"
"The whiz kid, of course; he always recognized my voyeuristic nature. They mimic the electronic binoculars from Star Wars. Here, look. They even have a range finder and autofocus for those up close and personal details. I saw the extra lights in her grill."
"Why aren't these available?" Wanda asked.
"They are; these were part of his last military contract with the Pentagon. They bought a shit ton of these for the Army Rangers, special forces, and the like. He made a killing with these. Of course, there is a seven-year delay until the civilian model becomes available. He hinted that he crammed everything into a set of goggles but was having issues with the power supply and focusing problems. I wonder if he ever finished them? Why was the cop here, Wanda?"
"Colton's apartment building was in the news this morning. There was a murder."
"Oh no, goddamn it all to hell! How could we lose the last Windermere?"
"Octavia, shut up and calm the fuck down. Colton is in the next room, for Christ's sake. He and I are getting reacquainted. Get your shit together, say hi, and then beat feet."
"Is he okay? What happened?"
"No clue, the detective asked him if anything odd came to mind, and Colton mentioned how hot his apartment was after he got home last night. The victim's apartment was below his, so it must have been subzero to trigger Colton's thermostat."
"No fucking way did someone send the...."
"I won't say it another goddamn time; shut the fuck up. Jesus, woman, my mood is spoiled."
Wanda knew or suspected something, and so did Octavia. Had my dad shtupped Octavia on the side? Why else give her a pair of military-grade binoculars? Wanda tried to keep me from freaking out and protecting me. I still wanted a piece of her despite the creepy conversation. Wanda and Octavia walked in, and they both looked guilty as hell. They tried to hide it, but the facial tics, body language, and shared glances screamed fear. The last Windermere meant something significant but now was not the time to get answers.
"So, Octavia, how long were you fucking my dad?"
"Right to the point, I respect that. Yofuur dad and I had bumped uglies for about three years before the accident."
"Yeah, she was just one in a long line of women your dad brought home for us to play with, though not here. He didn't want you to think any less of him. We hooked up at his office or hotel. Never at his workshop or lab."
"Doesn't your husband get upset when you wear that micro-bikini of yours and let the neighborhood get an eyeful?" I asked Octavia. "How does it stay in place once it gets wet?"
"I'll answer the second one first; it doesn't. As for my poor excuse for a husband, he gave up fucking me once our daughter was born. He and I aren't what you'd call compatible. We married for completely different reasons. When he married me, he got stability, a loving and nurturing spouse, and the perfect cover for his true nature. Don't forget, kiddo; he works for a major Christian broadcast station. His salary as an online personality is staggering. I got money, the ability to fuck any guy I took a fancy to, as long as it was discreet, and I have a loving daughter who I would kill to protect."
"He comes off as so... assertive. Sadly, because of that career choice, he must hide that part of himself. Pity culture hasn't kept up with technological evolution. But no one can fault him for picking a drop-dead gorgeous woman like yourself."
"I knew it," Octavia said. "He wants to fuck me."
"Sweetheart, most of the neighborhood wants to bend you over and make you scream. Let's not forget that daughter of yours, the genetics between you two created a monster."
"Beverly isn't a monster; her hormones are a little more active than most girls her age."
"Pfft, be honest with Colton; Bev is a card-carrying, certifiably diagnosed nymphomaniac. Not just in name, the poor thing suffers from an almost preternatural sex drive. She gets wet at the drop of a hat, and it is a miracle she hasn't gotten pregnant already."
"Little Bev?" I asked, remembering her when she left for boarding school years back.
"Little, ha, show him, Octavia."
"Here," Octavia said as she handed me her phone. "Swipe all you want. I am this close to getting her a modeling career, not that we need the money, but the poor thing wants to travel and see the world."
"Holy fucking shit, that's Beverly. What an ass, and god damn, when did she get those breasts, holy crap? Oh, sorry, Octavia, why are you laughing?"
"Every heterosexual male that sees her has that reaction. I wish I looked half that good at her age. Go on, ask away; Bev and I don't have any secrets between us."
"Spit or swallow?" I blurted out, and Octavia shrugged.
"I don't know. As far as I know, Bev hasn't hooked up with anyone and is waiting for that special someone. Honestly, she's had a crush on you for a while."
"When did she get back into town?"
"A couple of months ago, she turned eighteen and returned the conquering heroine. She graduated top of her class, and several European magazines scouted her to be their cover girl. They wanted her so damn bad; three photographers followed her like puppies back here. I demanded no nudes or poses that would impact her father's career. Her first five shoots were tasteful, and we are waiting to see how well she is received when the issues come out."
"Where is Bev?"
"Sunbathing or swimming in our pool. I bet Beverly would drop everything if you called her."
"After," Wanda added.
"Oh, right, afterward," Octavia giggled.
"Let's fix something tasty, and then Colton can see who he picks."
"Good idea; why don't you sit tight and let us take care of you? After all that murder business, you must be emotionally wrecked." Octavia said. "Why are you laughing?"
"It's stupid, but one of my friends plays many online games. He's trying to make a living as a gamer on Twitch, Youtube, and Platform."
"Platform, I've never heard of that one," Octavia said.
"It's the new Youtube and Twitch combined," I explained and then laughed.
"So, what is so damn funny?"
"Oh, that, well, my friend I mentioned had a huge fight with his girlfriend. There is a catchphrase he uses when fighting enemies. Get rekt sir, well...."
"No, he didn't," Octavia giggled.
"Yeah, he was doing her doggy style, grabbed her by her hair, and whispered as he pounded her hard enough to get her off. Luci lost her shit and stormed out. You should have seen the look on her face. He always records their sex so he can fap to it later."
"He showed you his videos. Why?" Octavia asked.
"He knows I have a thing for Luci. Her mother is Brazilian, and her dad is from Singapore. She has that nut-brown skin and dark blue eyes; the rest is heaven. The killer is how sweet she is, and Luci lets him treat her like shit. I feel like crap because I want to make her scream so damn bad and make her forget him."
"I am soaked," Octavia declared. "The look in your eyes is so passionate."
"What is Luci's last name? Do I know her?" Wanda asked from the doorway.
"Luci Chiu-Lopes, her mother, teaches language at the community college. I don't know what her dad does."
"Food? Then we can sit down and feed that appetite of yours."
Octavia joined Wanda, and I plopped on the couch. Damn it, I had Luci on the brain, and I couldn't tear my thoughts away from her plump ass and perky tits. I searched Platform for a live stream and lost myself in that for now. Aoki, one of Booker's friends, was streaming Star Wars, so I settled in and watched. I liked her character Kalla, who blended gunslinger and Force user seamlessly. Sweet, she was sporting a new armored duster that reminded me quite a bit of the same style Booker's character had.
"...well, is she coming?"
"Hush, your voice carries," Wanda hissed.
The scent of spiced ground beef wafted in from the kitchen. Were Octavia and Wanda making chili or perhaps tacos? My nose began picking out herbs and spices, which made my mouth water.
Kalla tossed the guild tracker on the table where three Sith huddled together.
"It looks like it is a bad day to be a Sith. You can come in alive or," She paused as her hands winged open her coat, revealing her matching black light blasters. "I thought so," Kalla laughed as she dropped, spun, and quickly drew both weapons. The first blast kneecapped one of the Sith marauders as she tried to get to her feet. As the camera feed shifted to a drone hovering near the ceiling, the audience got a perfect view of the action. The two uninjured Sith ignited their weapons and reflected the bolts Kalla had fired in their direction. The duster absorbed two shots while the others flew wild or struck other patrons.
"Shit is about to get real," I said as Kalla flipped over the table, ended the life of the wounded Sith, and managed to land a kick upside the head of the second Sith female. The sole male Twi'lek slashed at empty air and cursed when Kalla drew and ignited her lightsaber. The gleaming purple blade clashed with crimson, and the duel began in earnest.
"I don't recognize your fighting style," the Sith growled. "Who was your master?"
"Darth Serpentis," Kalla replied and pressed her advantage.
The second Sith joined the fray, I noticed a head wound that bled freely. Where did she get that? I wondered; luckily, the bird's eye view revealed the source. A flash of metal caught the camera, coming from the side of Kalla's boot. A blade stuck out from the outer edge of her footwear, so the spinning kick sliced open the side of the female Sith's temple area. Genius. Had Katria made that for her before they froze her character? Though wounded, the female Sith and her partner slowly began driving Kalla into a corner. Once there, her maneuverability would be heavily limited, even for a Force user. I watched intently as Kalla's grip on her lightsaber suddenly shifted. Before I could register that she was up to something, the second blade appeared during a routine parry. The angle and length decapitated the male Sith. I heard the soft sizzling sound of burnt flesh as his head toppled backward while his body collapsed. Now, it was Kalla controlling the killing ground. The battle ended ten seconds later when she torqued her body, and as she faked a high kick, which the Sith attempted to dodge, Kalla thrust low and caught her enemy between the eyes. The corpse hit the ground, and Kalla won the duel. Kalla collected their gear, the experience points, and the hefty bounty on the three renegade Sith a little while later.
"That was epic."
"Lunch is ready; get in here."
Wanda and Octavia had fixed tacos, and we sat together with only the crunch of shells to break the awkward quiet. Something was different, but it took me a bit to find out what. Two bras, one lacy and one silk hung on the knob to the basement door. Next to them were two pairs of matching panties. I spotted them as I bent forward and raised my taco so the bits of shell and filling could fall onto the plate. I noticed Octavia's distended nipples pressing against the apron to confirm my observations.
"Dessert is in the oven," Wanda said cheerily.
"Let me guess; I am the one providing it, am I right?"
"I told you he was quick like his dad," Octavia giggled. "Yes, you are going to provide the cream filling."
"Gods, that is so lame," Wanda laughed.
"After lunch, I'll go grab my condoms. They are on my bedside table."
"If you want to," Wanda purred. "I was hoping for a taste test if you get my meaning."
"Me too, don't forget about me."
"Like he could, now eat up you are going to need your strength."
The sexual tension built with each bite, and Wanda offered a bottle of expensive tequila to wash it down.
"I've never heard of this brand before," I said, holding up the bottle and reading the label. "Feanor's Finest, the distillery, is located in Cuervo De Vidrio, Mexico. I've never heard of it before, either. Listen to this; made from the finest violet agave. Violet?"
"Shut up and drink," Wanda chuckled. "Pour a round and tell me this isn't the smoothest thing to pass your lips since I sat on your face that first time."
I broke the seal, poured three shots, and brought the glass to sniff the contents. There was a distinctive flowery scent, so I sipped and let it settle on my tongue before swallowing. Oh, that was good; I savored the rest before refilling the glasses. I was tipsy and rock-hard by my third shot.
"Look at his cock," Octavia growled. "Elven tequila does it every time. Can I blow him now?"
"No," Wanda said. She pulled out her chair and turned it to face the stove. "Colton, sit down here." I sat, and Octavia straddled my waist, facing me, her arms sliding around my neck. "Get acquainted. I need to make a few phone calls."
"I've dreamt of this for so damn long," Octavia said just before kissing me. My hands settled on her ass cheeks. My fingers slowly tugged up her skirt until her bare skin was exposed. She moaned into my mouth when my hands caressed her flesh. As my fingers moved down, they encountered a patch of slick skin. A moment later, an index finger traced her labia.
"Damn, you are soaked," I said after she broke the kiss. "Are you okay?"
"You like touching so much, here, try this," Octavia said as she stood, spun around, and sat facing away from me. "Tsk-tsk, it looks like I'm not the only one that's wet. Your jeans are a bit damp. Now, cup my tits, and tell me what you think."
Octavia was practically topless; only the front of the apron hid anything. It left her sides vulnerable which is where I ran my hands before seeing what she had to offer. As my fingers traced her skin, Octavia shivered and her back arched. She made a desperate sound when I slid them between the material and her flesh. I cupped her breasts and weighed them before I began caressing her.
"Ah, good, things have progressed nicely," Wanda said with a sly grin and a wink. "You should know that Octavia has a full-sized gym in her basement. We meet there when the kids are at school and the men are at work. Is it any wonder we are so fit and trim?"
"Mmm, what do I get if I guess your bust size?"
"Hmm, I'll let you decide. You have such a delicate touch. I don't mind a little pinching now and again."
I captured her nipples between thumb and forefinger and began squeezing, and I would apply pressure until she complained or climaxed. It turned out Octavia's pain threshold is pretty damn high. My poor jeans took the brunt of it when her climax left my lap soaked.
"I forgot to warn you, Octavia squirts occasionally. You must have hit the sweet spot."
"He did; ooh boy, I haven't come that hard just from my nipples in years. We better get you out of those jeans."
"Great idea," Wanda giggled. "Why don't we move to the living room? I set out towels on the couch and a few spares just in case."
We took up our positions, and I made a show of unzipping my jeans and letting them hit the floor. My erection was profound, and Octavia and Wanda licked their lips. This time Wanda instigated things. She directed me to sit on the towel provided while she knelt between my legs. Octavia chose this time to begin monologuing.
"I knew your mother. She was a Hightower, an ancient and prestigious family from England. The bloodline is older than that, tracing its origins to the Middle East," Octavia declared, yet I knew she was lying.
Mom's maiden name might have been Hightower, but she wasn't from England; my facial features were proof of that. My Asian characteristics were easy to pick out, and I assumed my sapphire-hued eyes came from my dear old dad. The more I thought about it, the more I believed she might have used an alias. Who knew, but she must have had reasons for lying about her true identity. My gut instinct rarely led me astray, and right now, it told me mom had been on the run, and someone had found her, which is why she left. Octavia continued to talk, but I wasn't listening any longer. I interrupted her rant about her marriage and kids and seducing young men to ask a question.
"You think Dex, the murdered man, may have been the wrong target? They, whoever they are, were after me."
"I believed that until Wanda and I spoke. She was certain that Dex was the killer's goal and that you were perfectly safe. She'd tell you herself, but her mouth is full."
"Mmm, yeah, it is," I whimpered. "I forgot how great Wanda's dick-sucking skills were."
Octavia and Wanda were topless and knelt on either side of me, using their breasts to pin my erection. They worked in unison, and as they ground against each other, my cock received a nice massage for their efforts. When I began to dribble, one of them would lower their head and lick the tip clean. I enjoyed the feeling of the soft, warm flesh against my own and praised them.
"Your turn," Octavia said, and Wanda snared my erection between her breasts and began moving while Octavia licked and sucked the tip.
"Tag, you are it," Wanda said, and Octavia took over.
No sooner had Octavia gotten comfortable than Wanda struck. Wanda knelt behind Octavia, pulled the other's ass cheeks apart, and buried her face between them. I could hear her tongue lapping away at Octavia's cunt and asshole. That inspired Octavia further, who whimpered and stated for the record.
"Mmm," Octavia said as she leaned close, looked at how long and thick my cock was, and agreed. "I can take anything you can dish out."
"Get to it, old woman," I added.
Octavia repeatedly licked the underside from base to tip to see how I tasted. After a few tentative squeezes, she commented how hard my cock was and opened wide. Her tongue preceded her lips and swirled around the tip before her mouth engulfed the first few inches. I gasped, and like watching a python swallow its prey, Octavia's head moved downward relentlessly. Her tongue continued to tease the entire way down. Wanda made a show of licking her fingers and sliding them into Octavia's pussy just as the other's lips formed a tight seal at the root. Octavia withdrew and pointed at the perfect lipstick ring she had planted.
"O marks the spot," she giggled. "Now things get serious."
She wrapped both hands around the shaft and began double-fisting me. Her lips and tongue worked the sensitive tip, and the blend of gentle and fierce got my blood pumping. Meanwhile, Wanda held up her hand just before impaling Octavia's pussy and ass with two fingers each. I could see her arm move as she fingered the other with slow, powerful thrusts.
"She's doing both my holes," Octavia gasped. "Mmm, I wish you had two cocks to violate me like that."
"Me too," I agreed, wondering if Octavia were a Booker fan. He had two cocks in the game, and I'm sure his fans shared that same fantasy.
"He is harder than ever, you selfish bitch."
"Colton is a Windermere and a Hightower, and you knew that," Wanda purred as her fingers slid in and out. "You had years to make a play and didn't."
"I made a stupid promise. Mmm, you haven't lost your touch."
Octavia abandoned stroking me and let her mouth cash the check her words had written. I slid my fingers into her short pixie-cut hair and helped her. I pushed her head down and let her lift it again. Each time her lips moved closer to the mark.
"Warn her when you will cum so she can swallow," Wanda said.
"Unn, I will," I grunted. "Damn, she's good."
The MILF lent me a modicum of control and continued to pleasure me as I used her throat as a sex toy. Octavia smeared the ring with saliva, and her lips repeatedly brushed against the base. Before long, both my hands gripped the sides of her head, and Octavia surrendered utterly. She never gasped, choked, or showed any signs of distress. I doubted Wanda could perform as well.
"Take it all, you greedy fucking slut," I cursed as my cock swelled. "Getting close."
With one last warning from me, Octavia began swallowing and thrust her thumb up my ass at that moment. The sudden shift of my hips nearly broke her nose. I had a death grip on her head as I climaxed. Once I could let go, Wanda took Octavia to the bathroom to ensure I hadn't hurt her. They returned shortly after, and we both apologized--me for hurting her and she for the last moment's violation.
"I knew the risk, but it was worth it," Octavia sniffled. "Damn, just like his dad, still hard as a rock. How do you want me?"
"Seeing as there are three of us," I began. "I'll lay on the floor, and you pick a location to have a seat."
"Honored guest first," Wanda said. "Besides, I never pass on Colton eating me out."
"Come to mama," Octavia growled playfully. "Unn, carefully now, I haven't had a cock like this since your old man died. God, that man was packing heat."
"Wait, you said you made a promise," I groaned as she impaled herself.
"Oh yeah, I promised your mother I'd watch over you. I felt that fucking you might violate that condition; your dad was fair game. Now, well, look at you, so big and strong."
Wanda straddled my face, and I pulled her cheeks apart, then buried my tongue between her labia. Octavia said something unusual as my cock slid between her pussy lips and into her depths.
"What's the delay? Why are you stalling? He is the last Windermere."
Wanda replied in a language I didn't know but that I had heard my father use when I was younger. I recognized the silvery sing-song words anywhere. Dad had promised to teach me, but he died before that happened. He, too, put it off, and now I felt he did so more out of fear than anything else. Octavia clenched her pussy as she rose and relaxed on the way down. She was doing her best to ensure I climaxed inside of her.
"Fine, but this isn't over," Octavia said as she returned to using English. "I will speak with Hightower as soon as I locate her."
Wanda focused on the moment and encouraged me to continue. Octavia's hips moved faster, and I felt her legs begin to shake. She was close and doubled down on trying to push me over the edge; she failed--Octavia ground against me as she climaxed. Wanda chuckled as they swapped places. I didn't care; I was just the poor guy having to endure the affection of two attractive women.
"He's got his mother's tongue as well."
"Yep, he is full of surprises."
"Does he have the Windermere gift?"
"I... damn it, woman, I promised his father to protect him. But you are right. We need to know. He needs to know."
Wanda faced away from me and leisurely rode me. That was until her body betrayed her, and she slammed her hips down as fast and hard as possible. Her sudden shift was enough to push me over the edge, and the last thrust of her hips sent both of us into a frenzy. We cried out as we came at the same time. We agreed to take a break while Octavia texted her husband to see when he expected to be home. It wouldn't do for him to return to an empty house and her over here getting fucked rotten. Wanda went upstairs while I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge.
"You look like him," Octavia said as she pressed her tits against my back.
"Who?"
"Mmm, your great-grandfather, of course, Benjamin Ravenscroft-Windermere."
"Ravenscroft?"
"Oh yes, he is well known in rarified circles, as are you," she said as she kissed the side of my neck. "Have you ever seen your birth certificate?"
"Yes, but it was years ago. Why?"
"Born Colton H. Ravenscroft-Windermere, the conjunction of three great families. The Windermeres perceive, and the Ravenscroft can, oh, what's a proper word to describe it? Manipulate, no. Tug, Nah. Weave, yeah, I suppose the best English word would be weave--Talislune in the old tongue. Finally, your mother's side of the equation is the protectors. Don't say anything to Wanda. She would become awful cross at me."
"I always thought H stood for Henry," I said. "I wish I could remember my mom better."
Octavia kissed the other side of my neck and stroked me from behind. I sipped from my bottle and pushed out the shadow of uncertainty. As dad always said, there will come a time when you can't do anything. Go with the flow until an opportunity presents itself, and then do not hesitate to act.
"Did you ever hear the story of the old man and the river?" I asked.
"Can't say that I have," Octavia said as she turned me around and pressed my back against the countertop. "Tell me a story while I lick your cock clean."
"Mmm, okay, here goes... the Emperor sent out one of his ministers to seek a tutor for the royal family. One of the ministers and his bodyguard encountered a fast-moving river barring their path. They checked their map and saw that the river split off, and one of the branches narrowed and possessed a bridge. They turned that way and rode on. A short while later, they saw an elderly man in the river. Fearful he would drown, they raced along the shore until, to their amazement, the greybeard walked to the shoreline uninjured. The minister asked the man how he had survived.
Well, said the man, I began practicing a technique that involved not fighting the river's flow when I was a youth. When it rose, so did I, and when it fell, my body followed. Now, I can do it effortlessly without fear.
The minister knew he had found the perfect teacher for the Emperor and offered the man the position.
The man replied by asking the minister a question. I have heard the Emperor has a tortoise over a century old that is tended to and wants for nothing. Do you think the tortoise would prefer its freedom or the palace? The old man walked away before the minister could answer."
"Ha, I get it. The turtle would prefer the outdoors to a stuffy old palace. No matter how gilded the prison, it is still a prison," Octavia said. "Where have you been? You missed the story."
"Nature called," Wanda said. "I brought these if you are up to it?" Wanda held a gleaming metallic plug in one hand and a ball gag in another.
"Covering all bases, I see. Fine. Let's do this."
I watched intently as Octavia subjected herself to Wanda's tender loving care. In went the butt plug, and only after did she fit the gag into place. She didn't want me to miss any moans or whimpers during the installation process. None of the ladies I dated would ever subject themselves to this. Though, on second thought, the detective might be into some light bondage.
"That did the trick; he is hard again," Wanda said. "Brace yourself over here, sweetie."
Octavia grabbed the corner of the counter, walked her feet back, and nodded. I slid into her soaked pussy and thrust slowly. The next time I pushed forward, I swatted her ass so hard that her cheek rippled with a thunderous sound.
"Thank you, sir. May I have another," Wanda giggled. "Hold on; it is about to get interesting."
Wanda touched her watch, and the vibrator feature of the butt plug activated. I gasped while Octavia cried out as she clenched tight and her pussy gripped me. I thrust slowly and closed my eyes. The sensation caused by the toy was a first for me, and I wanted to savor it. Wanda pressed her tits against my back just before a cold, wet feeling struck the back of my neck. Wanda pushed the patch against my skin and whispered in my ear.
"This is where we find out if you are a Windermere or not."
"Or a Hightower or Ravenscroft, I suppose," I replied.
Wanda did not reply; instead, her arms went around my chest, and she leaned backward. I pulled out of Octavia long enough for Wanda to pluck the toy from Octavia's ass and take me in hand. Wanda aimed my erection at her neighbor's ass. Octavia took over once the tip touched her gaping asshole. She walked her feet further back, causing her back to flatten and drive my cock into her depths. She removed the gag and praised me.
"I am in lust," Octavia said. "I never dared to let your dad sodomize me. Now here I am with your prick balls deep in my ass."
"Always the drama queen," Wanda laughed. "Go on, Colton, time to break the loose-lipped bitch. If you destroy her ass, I have a reward for you."
I pulled back and slammed into Octavia; her cry sounded so loud in the kitchen. I hammered her hard from the beginning.
"Motherfucker!" Octavia cursed as her head dropped and shoved her hips backward. "I haven't felt like this in years."
"Someone broke you long before I entered the picture," I stated, and her body language screamed that Octavia was vulnerable yet cock hungry. "Every time I thrust into you, your ass cheeks jiggle like jelly. I love it.
"More cushion for the pushin'," Wanda moaned. "How do you feel?"
I laughed as I picked up the pace. "Seriously, I buried my cock in the ass of my mom's best friend, and you ask how I am doing. Jeez, Wanda, ask me when I have you impaled on my cock."
I snatched Octavia off her feet and held her aloft so Wanda could watch and see where my dick penetrated her friend. Wanda knelt and lapped at Octavia's pussy and teased her clit. Octavia's cries drowned out the sound of the front door opening. I caught movement in the corner of my eye as Beverly, Octavia's nineteen-year-old daughter, walked into the kitchen.
"Mom? Why is that guy have his thing in your butt?"
"Don't look, sweetie," Octavia urged.
"How can you do something like that?" Beverly asked.
"Your daddy doesn't touch me anymore."
"No, how in the hell did something that thick fit in your ass?"
I laughed so hard that I nearly dropped Octavia. Wanda reminded me of my obligation, so I adjusted my grip on the lovely Octavia and began thrusting again.
"Can you quit fucking my mother for a minute?" Beverly asked.
"Hush, your mommy, is being punished for being a bad girl," Octavia moaned.
"What does it feel like?" Beverly switched angles and watched us intently. She bit the corner of her lower lip and squirmed.
"First live sex show?" Wanda asked as she moved behind Beverly.
"Is he the last? Mom told me all about his bloodline," Beverly said, and Wanda swatted the teen's ass. "Sorry, I thought he knew."
"He is stretching me out," Octavia howled as I neared completion. "His cock is getting thicker. We are going to come together."
The rest was incoherent as pulses of hot cum filled her rectum, robbing Octavia of speech and rational thought. I lowered her to the floor, pulled out, and headed for the guest bathroom. I took a quick shower, long enough to wash my cock and rid myself of the overpowering scent Octavia had put off. I reached back to remove the patch on my neck. The thing was dry, so my skin must have absorbed whatever gel had been on the pad.
"Windermere, Ravenscroft, and Hightower all blended into one. What was so damn important that Wanda gets angry at Octavia and Beverly?"
I had the sense that no one would explain it anytime soon. I gave up on trying until someone chose to tell me, fuck it. I dried off, wrapped the towel around my waist, and brushed my hair. I caught Beverly's reflection as she moved to stand next to me.
"You must be so fucking proud," Beverly said, clearly bitter or jealous. "How could you?"
"Well, you begin with a butt plug, lube, and tons of patience."
"She's so old," Beverly said her face souring. "Why settle on my mom?"
"Your mother deepthroated me and planted a ring of lipstick around the base of my dick. Can you do that?"
"Of course," she lied. "Well, I've never met anyone built like you."
"Then don't disrespect your mother. She has talent and prefers a particular style of treatment. I don't shame her and accept her kinks as she desires to make mine happen."
"Come on, sweetie, it is time to go home. We don't want to wear out our welcome," Octavia said. "Now, I know you wanted that new outfit, and you, in turn, just need to keep your mouth shut."
"Yes, mom," Beverly agreed as they headed out. "Did it hurt?"
"Of course it did, but in a good way," Octavia said. "If you are good, I'll let you help me bake a thank you cake and deliver it."
Their voices faded, and the front door opened and shut. I went upstairs and climbed into Wanda's bed. All that exertion left me drained. Wanda joined me and clung tight as I closed my eyes.
"I called Beverly and told her to come over at the appointed hour," Wanda admitted.
"For a while there, I thought it was simply poor timing; in fact, it was excellent coordination on your part."
"Now that Beverly has seen you in action, it will make her want you, and she'll be more open to any advances you wish to make. That falls under your control, but she is so damn cute."
"Devious, sleep now and have sex later," I said with a yawn. We snuggled, and I drifted off. The dream began, and I stood in an open field, staring at the night sky. It didn't take long to realize that I was dreaming and could take control if I wished. The dream had other ideas. My body left the ground, and soon I was soaring through the clouds. It felt exhilarating at first, but then I kept picking up speed, so much so that my body began to glow as I passed through the atmosphere at ballistic speeds. The aura faded as I left the confines of the Earth behind and passed the international space station. My body was still accelerating as the moon sped by and entered subspace. The eerie dream knowledge explained to my conscious self that getting to my destination required physics-bending space travel. I couldn't break the law of physics, but I could twist them. Subspace included everything that real space contained, but the distances between them were vastly smaller. My body became blurred as it traveled to a singular blinding point before stopping abruptly. I had reentered real space in orbit around a blue titan, a star millions of times larger than Sol, the sun that gave life to my home world.
"You survived, and with your sanity intact, you are his child," a soothing female voice said.
"You knew my dad?"
"Briefly, the man you refer to isn't the same as the one I spoke of; I refer to one of your ancestors."
"Windermere or Hightower or Ravenscroft?"
"No, he called himself Masters and showed me many things. I feel it is only right that I impart some of what he knew to you, an inheritance, if you will."
I observed a plume or solar flare on the star's surface, heading straight for me. Had I been speaking to a sentient sun? I loved dreams like this, but that light changed and moved oddly. It looked like flapping wings from this distance. The irregular outline smoothed and became something recognizable, a dragon. A dragon was flying at me, and the dream changed just before it reached me.
I was seated in a smokey strip club. The smell of tobacco and weed filled the atmosphere as a spotlight illuminated a pole and a dancer. The redhead was looking at her feet as the first notes of Nine Inch Nail's Closer began to play. She did that hair flip thing and revealed that it wasn't Dasha but Beverly as she began to dance for me. Bev climbed the pole, locked her legs around the metal surface, and arched her back as she hung inverted.
"I want you inside of me," she said as she slowly slid downward. Her outstretched hands supported her when she reached the stage, and Bev's body flexed, and she came up standing with her back to me. Ooh, her ass was firmer than her mom's. The music swelled as she shed what little clothing she wore until Bev strutted about the stage naked and smelling of vanilla and baby powder. She left the pole behind and straddled my waist. "Finally, the last Windermere is within my reach. I had dreamt about this since I hit puberty."
"Since we are alone, what is all this garbage about?"
"Just this," Bev said as she lifted her hips, adjusted the angle of my now naked erection, and sat down, impaling herself. "Thicker than what I'm used to, it is all about genetics. The others carrying the Windermere blood are dead. Some by accident, others by suicide or unnatural causes."
"Murder, do you mean murder?"
"Mmm, feels so good," Bev moaned as she began moving. It did feel good, too good; reality and dream collided. I woke to find Wanda impaled on top of me. Unlike the fantasy, she faced away as she rode me nice and slow. I slapped her ass to inform her that I was awake.
"About damn time," Wanda giggled. "I returned from the bathroom and found you like this. You don't mind, do you?"
"Nah, I'll be honest. You surprised me when you let Octavia hog all the action."
"I've known her for years," Wanda admitted. "She and my oldest sister went to school together."
"She knew my mom," I added.
"I tried," Wanda whispered as she slammed her hips harder against me. "I tried so damn hard. Maybe it is fate? Who can fight destiny?"
The slapping of her hips failed to drown out Wanda's voice, and she couldn't hide the sounds of her crying. Wanda shifted forward as I sat up and got onto my knees. I dug my fingers into her plump ass and took over. If there had been any foreplay, I had slept through it. Instead, I went directly to making her climax. My fingers intertwined in her long hair as I pulled her head back. My hips slammed forward, and the curses poured from her lips.
"You are squeezing me like crazy. Is that more of your yoga?"
"No, just something a friend showed me to help keep the guys happy. She was a card-carrying sensualist in good standing. I doubt there isn't a position or sex act she hasn't tried at least once. She dedicated herself to the lifestyle, and I saw footage of her and three gentlemen of impressive length and girth performing for a live audience. She was the last one standing." All this, she said as she wiped away the tears and sniffled.
"Three, that is impressive," I said. "That takes a lot of trust on her part."
"I'm not greedy. Two is enough for me," Wanda said. "I haven't been DP'd in years. Since before I married your dad."
I rolled Wanda onto her back so that I could observe her expressions. A wave of nostalgia hit me, and I remembered the first time we got together. I was so damn eager to please, and she was patient and taught me so much. My hands slid under her legs and lifted them slowly. Wanda grinned as I pushed and brought her knees next to her head.
"I told you I was flexible," Wanda said. "So deep, your cock is hitting my sweet spot every time." I slowed down and watched her mouth drop open. "Evil, you are evil. I was almost there."
"I know. Just think of how good it'll feel when you get off."
I pushed Wanda to the edge half a dozen times before losing the battle and climaxed so hard I saw spots and couldn't catch my breath.
"Tell me about my mom."
Wanda sighed and then relented. a"Well, she had the deepest blue eyes and long black hair...."