Amateur photography has always been a hobby of mine. I'd spend hours taking photographs of all sorts of things trying to be arty and getting some reasonable results. I didn't think I was the next big thing in the photography world but I enjoyed what I did and people seemed to like the results. In fact one of them, the owner of a garage asked me if I would be willing to take photos for a calendar for him. You know the sort, topless girls with a car. This was a new one on me, how on earth was I going to persuade a woman or women to go to topless in front of me.
Well, with the idea burning in my mind I did a bit of research and eventually signed up on a model website. The site allowed me to have a profile and to set castings so I set about asking the guy when could I use his garage. He explained that on a Sunday it would be closed so that would be the best day as he wouldn't be there and I could have a free run of the place. It sounded ideal.
Next was to organise the casting, so I simply worded it that I was after female models willing to pose topless with vintage cars for a calendar. To be honest, I didn't really expect a big response. Boy was I wrong. Before I knew it my inbox was filling up with models who wanted to be part of the shoot. I had been honest in my ad and said that I had no budget so the shoot would be TFP - otherwise known as Time For Prints. So I'd get to do the shoot and the model would get copies of the prints in exchange.
No sooner had I set things in motion than I'd got quite a few shoots under my belt. The models were all very amenable and most would come with a chaperone as I'd got no references. Not a problem to me, just so long as I got the experience and got to see some great looking girls wearing not a lot.
One of the last models to do a shoot was a girl called Michelle who had asked me to pick her up from the train station near to the garage. On the day of the shoot I collected her and took her to the garage. She had jet black hair and striking blue eyes. She clearly liked the sun as she had a nice tan and a great looking figure, hidden slightly under a shot denim skirt and a white shirt.
On the way to the garage I explained what the shoots were about and told her about the previous shoots and the mentioned that the girls had brought chaperones but she hadn't. She explained that she' been modelling for years with no issue and she liked to travel on her own and why would she want someone else there spoiling her fun. I didn't disagree.
Once we got to the garage I showed her where she could change and set about sorting out my equipment. Camera at the ready I waited for Michelle to appear. From out of the kitchen area, which was doubling up as the changing room she came out in a pair of black patent court shoes wearing a gold bikini top and gold bikini bottoms.
I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were erect and were poking through her bikini top. My cock twitched inside my shorts and I could feel it start to thicken and rise. I saw Michelle look towards my crotch and she smiled.
"Ready are we?" she said.
I told her I was and she started going through her poses whilst sitting in and on a Mark 2 Jaguar. I must admit that her gold bikini and her jet black hair worked well with the red leather interior of the car. We must have spent about an hour on this part of the shoot and I'd pretty much exhausted poses and ideas.
"How about we do some topless shots?" I asked.
"Thought you'd never ask" came the reply.
Without any hesitation she whipped her top off exposing a pert pair of C cup boobs with lovely erect nipples. She laughed as she saw me looking.
"Like what you see?"
"I'm not complaining" I replied.
She sat astride the bonnet and we did some more shots, her boobs looked fab and I just wished I could see her completely naked.
I stopped to change the SD card in the camera and turned round to do it. When I turned back I saw that she had taken her bikini bottoms off and was gently rubbing her clit.
"Oh dear, I seem to be naked."
"Now, show me what you've got."
I unbuttoned my shirt and then dropped my shorts and stepped out of my boxers.
"My oh my, we are stood to attention aren't we?" she said as she looked at my hard rigid cock.
She licked her lips and walked over to me. Dropping to her knees she ran her fingers up and down my shaft, feeling its thickness. Gently she rolled my foreskin back, exposing the tip of my cock. I could see pre-cum glistening on the tip. Using the tip of her tongue she flicked it round my cock and teased it, making me want her to do more.
"You taste good."
Without hesitating she then took my swollen cock in her mouth. Using one of her hands to hold it while her mouth worked on it, in and out, in and out, murmuring as she did so. I looked down at her and she looked up with my cock filling her mouth. She smiled and said "fancy tasting me?"
"I don't mind if I do" I replied and she leant back against the car. I parted her legs and saw her bulging clit. Gently I lapped my tongue up and down her clit, while I inserted a finger inside her. She moaned as I moved my tongue faster on her clit and then up and down her swollen pussy lips. Flicking my tongue round and round her pussy I could taste her juices. Sweet and but also slightly salty. I buried my face into her wet pussy as she pushed my head from behind.
"Make me cum" she moaned.
Seizing the opportunity of a nicely wet pussy I inserted a couple of fingers inside her and pushed them in and out whilst flicking my thumb on her clit. I moved my head back towards her pussy and started lapping at her lips before working again on her clit which was now hard like a small bullet.
I moved my tongue up and down her clit using the tip in a circular motion. I then felt her buck and hot cum hit my face as she climaxed. I leaned back and she looked down at me.
"What a naughty boy you are." "I'll have to see if TFP means what I think it means."
"Time for prints" I replied.
"No" she said. "Time for prick."