Several years back, I won one of those mega-jackpot lotteries and spent a few years looking for the perfect piece of land to build a house on. I wanted something with a lot of acreage and a nice view, where I could build a log home and write from a home office that overlooked a million-dollar view.
After almost five years of searching across most of the contiguous US, my realtor finally located a promising property overlooking a mountain chain. It wasn't in a really high altitude, so the winters weren't going to be too bad, and it was fairly large. At 137 acres, it could have been bigger, but it was still more than enough space for a single guy, plus, it was almost half a mile in from the state road, which gave me the privacy I really wanted.
I met with the realtor and visited the property, fell in love with it, and three hours later signed the paperwork that made it mine. I then lined up a general contractor, and after several months of designing a layout, finding a log home builder, and wading through a whole lot of red tape, my dream home began to emerge from my mind, and more into reality.
The property itself was gorgeous, with stunning views overlooking the small chain of mountains, and covered with mixed pine and hardwood forest. The topography consisted of two large hills and a ridge; all of which had million dollar views of the mountains. I decided to build on the ridge and leave the larger, connected hill open for future livestock or a pair of cheetahs. I hadn't decided yet.
I met with the contractor to get a bridge built over the medium-sized creek that acted as a boundary for quite a bit of my property, and had a camper trailer brought in to live out of, during construction. Slowly, my dream log cabin began to arise from the ground. I took frequent rides around the property on my four-wheeler, and one day, I ran into my neighbor that lived on the state highway next to my right-of-way. He introduced himself and his wife, and I did likewise.
"Hi." I said, as I stuck my hand out. "I'm Jack."
"Hi Jack." my neighbor replied. "I'm Doug. This is my beautiful wife, Donna."
"Great to meet you!" I exclaimed. "At least now, I know somebody!"
Doug and Donna both laughed in reply.
"Look," I said, "I'm from Nebraska, so I don't know anyone here. My house is almost done, and I wanted to throw a big cookout for everyone in the area, like a sort of meet-n-greet thing, y'know?"
"That's a wonderful idea!" Donna exclaimed. "Doug and I would be more than happy to help, wouldn't we, Love?"
Doug smiled at his wife and nodded.
"Of course, Deedee." he replied.
He turned to me.
"Get the house built and then print up some fliers. There's only 327 people in this town, so we can get them stuck on everyone's boxes. Hell, put up a sign in the middle of town. Ask the Town Council if that's okay. They should approve it. You're inviting the whole damned town!
"We haven't had a shindig like this in fifteen years! Man, you get one of these things going, and you'll set a good first impression for sure."
I nodded in reply.
"That's what I'm hoping for. I was going to drop by the volunteer fire department too, to introduce myself and offer a personal invitation. I want to make a donation to them anyway; the police department and Sheriff's Office too."
Doug leaned in and examined my nose.
"Hmm," he observed, "it doesn't seem to be brown. What's the scoop, Jack?"
"Well," I replied, "if I purchase some equipment for the VFD, they're more likely to respond quicker to my house if it ever catches fire. It's also always wise to be on the good side of the police and local politicians in a small town like this."
Doug tossed his head around for a couple seconds while he mulled my explanation over.
"Good point." he responded. "You planning on running for office too?"
I shrugged.
"Hadn't really though of it."
"Like hell!" Doug said, as he burst out laughing. "It's a damn good plan. Let us know how we can help."
We shook hands and parted ways, and as the weeks progressed we became pretty solid friends. They would often ride up to the house on their own ATVs to say hello, occasionally bring food and sometimes beer, which we would then share outside, while overlooking the valley and mountains. Other times, I'd invite them up and grill steaks or chicken on the barbecue.
"You have a wonderful view!" Donna exclaimed one day. "I had no idea you could see so far from up here."
"Thanks." I replied. "It was a hidden gem."
"Sure was!" Doug burst out. "If I'd have known it was for sale, I'd have bid on it myself."
"It wasn't listed." I explained. "I had a realtor monitoring every agency across the country. I hired her full time, to do nothing but check out websites for me and offer stipends if I got first dibs and bought it. I got a call exactly thirteen minutes after it was acquired by a real estate agent to represent. I saw some pics and wired a monetary hold. It never even hit the market."
"Wow." Donna marveled. "That's awesome. Well... Doug and I are jealous, that's for sure! We're glad you're our neighbor though. So many times, you get an outsider in a small town like this and they fence it off; turning into hermits or something. It's mine, now stay out!"
"Well, I'm not exactly from the Big City myself." I replied. "I come from a little town in the middle of Nebraska, so I understand small town ways."
Doug nodded in understanding.
"Hence the shindig."
"Exactly!" I exclaimed. "I know how small town politics works. I stopped by the firehouse the other day. I told them I was going to be having a get-together once the house is complete, and that I would be honored if they would all attend, particularly since I had a small donation to give the department."
"I'm sure that piqued their interest." Doug noted.
"It did." I acknowledged. "They're probably expecting a check or something. Won't they shit when I give them a brand new Jaws of Life?"
"Brother," Doug drawled, "you know exactly what you're doing."
I winked in reply.
Several months later, the house was complete, the yard was seeded and grown in, and I was finally moved in. I spent the greater part of an afternoon designing some really catchy fliers to stick on everyone's mailboxes, and the following morning, began putting them out. It took me the better part of a day to hit every house in town, as some were pretty remote. Plus, it's illegal to tape anything to a mailbox, so I had to buy a couple bags of clothespins and clip them on. I also made sure a copy was posted at the fire and police departments, as well as the office of the County Sheriff and the local post office.
It may have been overkill, but everyone living in town had a personal invitation, as well as the important players in the county. All I asked in return for attending, was the courtesy of an RSVP. Bringing food was optional, but not expected, as I was having the whole thing catered. I just asked that everyone BYOB, as I didn't want to be responsible if anything went wrong. Little did I know at the time, that someone already had that handled for me.
I placed the date six weeks out, to allow for everyone to mark their calenders, as well as letting the spring temps heat up a little more. A few days later, I ran into Doug and Donna doing yard work as I turned into my now graveled roadway.
"Hey there!" I hollered, as I exited my pickup. "I got your reply, thanks!"
"No problem!" Doug said with a grin, as we shook hands. "Glad to have been invited, and like Donna told you before, we'll be glad to help out with everything. That's too much for you to handle all by yourself, even with caterers."
"You guys are terrific!" I exclaimed. "I couldn't have asked for better neighbors."
"It works both ways." Donna responded. "We're glad to have you for a neighbor as well. Who knows, maybe we'll go on vacation or something, and need you to feed the cats."
"Be happy to." I replied.
"How many replies have you gotten?" Doug inquired.
"Ninety seven so far." I answered with a broad smile. "I hope it goes up."
"I'm sure it will." Donna said emphatically. "That's a good response this soon. Lucky you have that open meadow on top of your big hill, to park."
"It's about four acres." I replied. "If that's not enough, my bathroom won't be either!"
We all shared a laugh, and Doug rubbed his chin.
"I wonder if Nudie Trudy's going to show up." he mused.
"Nudie Trudy?" I echoed. "Who the fuck is that?"
Doug and Donna looked at each other, and Donna offered up a response.
"She lives over on Hill Farm Road." she explained. "She apparently stopped wearing clothes when she was a kid, and goes about her daily business in the nude."
"Are you kidding me?" I inquired dubiously. "Are you guys setting me up for a practical joke or something?"
Doug shook his head.
"Nope. She moved here about five years ago, and totally took everyone aback. The first time she walked into the gas station in town, someone called 911. The deputy that showed up, had to explain to everyone, that it's legal in this state."
"How the hell is that legal?" I inquired incredulously.
"There are several states that have no laws regarding public nudity." Doug explained. "Apparently, this is one of them. She says she quit wearing clothes when she was eight. Her parents punished her for getting her Sunday school dress dirty one time, by making her go naked for a week, so that she would appreciate her clothes more, and she liked it so much she refused to put her clothes back on afterwards."
I shook my head in disbelief, trying to wrap my head around all of this.
"You're telling me, some nude chick is going to show up at my cookout?" I burst out. "In front of all of my potential political contacts?"
"It's no big deal." Donna said reassuringly. "We're all used to her. Some people still get a little antsy at first, but it passes pretty quick. Besides, you don't have to worry about her embarrassing you in front of the politicians."
"I didn't get a reply from anyone named Trudy." I said, as I wracked my brain trying to remember who had responded back.
"Anyone named Nadine?" Donna inquired casually.
I scratched my head and thought carefully.
"Yeah!" I exclaimed. "Nadine French-sounding something... umm... Trudeau. Like the guy in Canada."
"Don't tell me." Donna interrupted. "She's bringing lasagna, right?"
"Yeah." I said thoughtfully. "How'd you know?"
"That's her!" Doug said, as he burst out laughing. "She always brings lasagna. It's pretty good too. From what I hear, she's a pretty good cook all the way around. She's single too. Maybe you can land her and taste her cooking all the time."
"If her name is Nadine, why are you calling her 'Nudie Trudy' and not 'Nudie Nadine?'" I asked in a puzzled tone.
"Because her last name is Trudeau." Donna explained. "'Nudie Trudy' rhymes. She's also known as 'Naked Nadine' and 'Bare Belly Nelly,' among others. It seems that most people called her 'Nudie Trudy' where she used to live, so we've all just picked up on it too. She doesn't seem to mind."
"Why doesn't anyone just call her Nadine?" I asked.
Doug and Donna both shrugged.
"Hell if I know." Doug replied. "Everyone just calls her 'Nudie Trudy.'"
The morning of my picnic dawned with a cloudless sky, and temperatures were predicted to top out around 80F with low humidity. It was perfect! I couldn't have hoped for a better day, even if I had sold my soul. I tossed my giant "<-- SHINDIG" sign on the back of my ATV, and headed for the main road.
As I disembarked my four-wheeler, I heard a shout.
"Hey Neighbor!"
I turned to my left, and saw Doug and Donna approaching.
"Hey Guys!" I replied back, enthusiastically.
I pushed the sign into the ground, about three feet from the asphalt.
"Show up okay?" I inquired.
"If they miss that," Donna said dryly, "they're blind-ass stupid."
I chuckled to myself at that. Donna was pretty cool, and she was - at least in my opinion - pretty hot as well. Many nights after having encountered her during the day, I had pleasured myself to the thought of having sex with her.
Oh, I knew I wanted to fuck her so badly, but at the same time she was my friend and neighbor's wife. I fought off the urge to reply to her comment.
"Heading back!" I called out. "You guys coming up now?"
"Doug is." Donna replied. "My desserts are still in the oven. I'll be coming very soon, though."
"Me too." I thought to myself. "Just as soon as this thing is over, I'll be cumming to the thought of fucking you."
Doug and I headed back up to the house and started setting the tents up, for those who wanted to have full shade. A couple of large maples provided additional shading from the sun as well. In an hour or so, we had everything set up and ready to go. About that time, Donna showed up with whatever concoctions she'd baked. Doug took the trays from her, and she continued up past the house to the top of the large hill, where everyone was directed via a sign to park, and returned on foot a few minutes later.
She waved to the caterers as we headed for the shade of the trees. It wasn't long before the first guests arrived, and for the next little bit, I was busy introducing myself to pretty much everyone in town including the chief of police, the fire chief and the county sheriff, as well as several local and county politicians.
After half an hour or so, things had calmed down a bit and I was once again seated under one of the shady maples with Doug and Donna. Suddenly, several voices hollered out.
"Here she is, the mayor of Nudeville herself!"
"Yep, that's Nudie Trudy alright!"
"All dressed up in her official birthday suit as usual!"
"Just grab the fucking beer!"
I glanced up to see a white pickup truck approaching. Instead of continuing on, however, it came to a stop and a few people went over to it, opening the tailgate and unloading two kegs of beer from the back, which they proceeded to cart over to one of the tables and set up. The truck then resumed its course up the hill and out of sight.
"Beer's here." Doug said with a grin. "The lasagna and eye candy will be down soon."
"Doug!" Donna admonished. "She's a human being, not an object of desire."
"Does she always bring that much beer?" I interrupted. "There's more than enough for everyone here."
"Election year." Doug responded.
Before I could inquire as to what that had to do with anything, the voices increased again; chattering excitedly.
"Here she comes!" someone called out. "Hey Jack, get ready to meet your best-undressed guest!"
I looked over my right shoulder, and was stunned to see a woman approaching us without any clothes on. To my amazement, she was fully nude except for a pair of comfortable flats and sunglasses, and she had a folding chair tucked under one arm while carrying a large aluminum foil tray of what I assumed was her lasagna with both hands.
"I told you!" Doug snickered. "Now be a gracious host and go introduce yourself to Nudie Trudy."
I stood and approached her, trying not to appear hurried as I did so. The first thing I noticed, other than the fact she wasn't wearing any clothes, was that she was very attractive. She appeared to be in her early thirties, with shoulder length blondish hair and a pair of breasts that had obviously never been contained by a bra. They looked like they were large C cups, but pointed straight down, with her half dollar sized areolae and chunky nipples on the very ends. Despite the early part of the season, her entire body was already coated in a light golden color, indicating she spent a great deal of time outside completely nude.
"Let me take that for you." I offered holding out my hands to take the tray from her. "You must be Trudy- I mean, Nadine."
It slipped out before I even realized. I could feel my cheeks heating up with embarrassment at my mistake.
"I'm sorry." I apologized. "I didn't mean that. Dammit, what a way to make a first impression."
Nadine smiled and handed me the tray.
"It's okay." she responded. "I'm used to it. No worries. Besides, it's not like I don't know that everyone calls me that when they're not addressing me face to face."
She followed me to the table where the guest food was, and several people nodded or waved as we passed them, many saying the same or similar phrases along the way, much to my confusion.
"Hello, Madam Mayor" or, "Good morning, Mayor Trudeau" were the most common.
I set the tray down and turned back to Nadine. Thank God I was wearing sunglasses myself, because my eyes kept darting down to her tits and golden bush. I held my hand out and introduced myself.
"I'm Jack." I said politely, trying to not seem like I was staring at her unclothed body. "Welcome to my place in time."
"Hello Jack" she replied, shaking my hand. "I'm Nadine. It's very nice to meet you, and you have a lovely home."
"Thank you. It's nice to meet you as well." I said, being extremely careful not to make an ass of myself again. "I've heard quite a bit about you."
Nadine laughed.
"I'm sure you have!" she said with a smile, "since you already called me Trudy."
"I'm very sorry about that." I apologized again.
"No need to be obsequious over it. I don't take it personally. It was an honest mistake, and one I get quite often, by the way."
About that time, the sheriff wandered by and stopped.
"I see you've met our illustrious mayor." he said, as a smile toyed on his face. "Nice to see you again, Madam Mayor."
"And you as well, Sheriff." she replied as he continued on his way.
"I don't understand." I said with a puzzled look on my face. "Why does everyone keep calling you Madam Mayor?"
"They neglected to tell you that part, didn't they?" she chuckled. "I'm the mayor of Nordville, or as some now call it, 'Nudeville.'"
I was completely taken aback by her statement, but it tripped something in my subconscious.
"Wait a minute!" I burst out. "I remember hearing about you a couple of years back when you were elected. It made national news! I had no idea that this was that town, or that you were - or are - that mayor. I just assumed it was in California somewhere."
"That's where I'm from." she stated. "That's why I was able to grow up without having to wear clothes. I moved here because there are no state laws banning public nudity here either. Most people didn't know that when I moved here, and I caused quite a sensation at first. Most people got used to it though, and as you can see, even voted me in as their mayor."
"Wow," I said awkwardly, "I don't even know how to respond. I'm a bit overwhelmed, to be honest."
"Everyone is at first." Nadine replied. "It's to be expected. So are the stares, but I'm used to it. It's okay to look, Jack. I don't mind. If people like the way I look without any clothes on, it doesn't bother me. In fact, it's the complete opposite. It's a compliment if someone wants to stare at my tits just like you're doing right now."
Once again, I felt my face flush.
"Was it that obvious?"
Nadine laughed.
"No, but I was right, wasn't I?"
"You were." I admitted. "They're gorgeous and so are you."
"Thank you." she replied. "I'm also single; just like you. Why don't you take my chair and park it next to yours? I need to make the rounds for a few minutes, then I'll be back to get to know you better. I've heard a bit about you as well, and I'd like to know what your plans are, now that you're a resident here in my town."
"Fair enough." I said with a smile. "I look forward to seeing you again."
I returned to my chair, where Doug and Donna were waiting for me, and placed Nadine's next to mine.
"I see you've made a new friend." Donna observed with a grin on her pretty face, as I sat down.
"Why the hell didn't you tell me she was the mayor?!" I burst out quietly. "I made an ass out of myself."
"We saw." Doug said with a smirk. "You handled it well though, and since you brought her chair back with you, I think you still managed to make a good first impression. All the guys in town are gaga over her, and you come waltzing in and she goes right for you. Nice job!"
I tilted my bottle of beer to my lips and watched Nadine as she moved around, talking to people and shaking hands with them; smiling and nodding the whole time. I was amazed at how comfortable she was interacting with everyone despite being fully nude. She seemed just as comfortable not wearing clothes as everyone else who were wearing them. After ten minutes or so, she finished socializing and found her way back to us.
"Hi Doug! Hi Donna!" she exclaimed. "So nice to see you two again. Still working on starting a family?"
She leaned over to shake hands with my neighbors and her soft, saggy tits drooped down, dangling enticingly in front of me. I wanted so badly, to reach out squeeze them vigorously, but instead crossed my legs and put pressure against my throbbing erection to try and sooth it.
Nadine sat down next to me and smiled.
"Politicking is over!" she exclaimed exuberantly. "It needed to be done though. Now I can get comfortable and enjoy myself, and get to know you better. Oh my, this new grass looks so soft! I'd just love to walk around barefoot in it, but I don't want to be presumptuous. Some people have issues with other people not wearing shoes. They think bare feet are gross or something. Would you be offended if I took my shoes off, Jack?