Andrea was lying in bed scrolling Instagram when she heard the door open downstairs.
"Hello???" called her roommate, Lauren.
"I'm up here!"
Andrea and Lauren were both Juniors at the University, living off campus as most tend to do after Sophomore year. They lived together in a two floor loft apartment not far from the campus. Lauren normally went home to Massachusetts on the weekends to see her boyfriend, often returning early Sunday morning.
"Late night?" asked Lauren as she stood in Andrea's bedroom doorway. She was wearing short bright yellow shorts and a black tank top on the warm October morning. Her bright blonde hair was tied up in a bun. With fair skin and blue eyes, she stood smiling at Andrea in her bed. Lauren had recently turned twenty-one, but sometimes felt as if her partying days were already behind her. She loved to live vicariously through her twenty-year old, single roommate.
Lauren grew up Catholic in a large Irish family in Boston. Her upbringing was strict and conservative. She learned from a young age that sex is for marriage and, as a result, she had remained a virgin even through her first few years in college. Lauren took part in her fair share of partying, but always made sure to stay true to her family's values; even when she may have not agreed with them.
"Yes, very late," replied Andrea as she rolled over. "I wasn't drinking that much though so not bad..." she paused, smiling.
Lauren knew Andrea like a book. "You met a boy," she said confidently.
"I met a boy," Andrea confirmed with a grin. She looked up from her phone. "He was a Freshman." with a guilty look on her face.
"Stop it! He's just a little boy!" Lauren joked.
"He was not a little boy," said Andrea. "Believe me."
Lauren stood in the doorway, trying to read Andrea's face. There was more to this story. Out of respect for Andrea, she let it go. "Ok, ok. Well I am glad you had fun... Wanna hang tonight?"
"Definitely. But I think I need to nap right now." Andrea said as she rolled over in bed.
Lauren grinned and shook her head "Ok, party girl. I'll be around." With that, she retreated to her bedroom.
Andrea looked down at her phone and opened up her recent numbers. She decided that she wasn't done with her new friend just yet.
-------------------
Aaron could not believe what had happened that morning. He had gone to hang out with two of his closest friends. A casual morning to sit around, have some breakfast, and try and shake a brutal hangover together. What ended up happening was beyond his wildest dreams. He had masturbated all the way to finish in front of two beautiful girls. Girls who he had just met a few months ago, but had never been intimate with.
He thought to himself: 'Was this intimate? What had just happened?' Jessica and Kristen watched him stroke his penis and ejaculate in front of them and they liked it. The whole thing was both bizarre and incredibly arousing at the same time. Aaron snapped out of his deep thought and looked around.
He was sitting in the library on the sixth floor. Trying his best to focus on studying for two huge exams that week. The incident from that morning had not fully even sunk in. It felt like it never happened. Still though, he could not help but sport a firm erection as he sat and reflected on everything that went on. 'This was going to be an awkward couple of days in the dorm,' he thought to himself.
Just then Aaron's phone buzzed. He had a text from a 603 area code: "Heyyy."
'603? Where is that?' he thought. A quick Google search revealed New Hampshire.
"Hi, who is this?" replied Aaron.
"It's Andrea you dork"
Andrea! Aaron was immediately reminded of his fling from the night before. Her tan skin, beautiful luscious thighs. Her brown hair and piercing green eyes. Her skills in felatio...
"How are you! I had so much fun last night" texted Aaron.
"Me too. You are very sweet" Andrea quickly responded.
With his studies being the last thing on his mind now, Aaron decided to dive right in.
"Plans tonight?" he asked.
"Ehh, not really. Probably need to study, but not motivated lol. You?"
"Same"
Aaron paused. 'Just do it' he thought.
"Maybe we be unmotivated together?" he asked and held his breath.
"Sure. Remember where I live?" she asked.
Jackpot. Things were lining up great for Aaron. Not only did he have a great hookup last night, but he jerked off in front of two gorgeous girls today and seemed to be heading back for another hookup tonight. Aaron quickly closed his laptop and jetted for the exit. He could not wait to see Andrea again.
-------------------
Aaron knocked on the door holding a bottle of Cabernet. He wasn't sure what Andrea wanted to drink, but figured a bottle of red was never a bad decision. The door flung open and standing there was a stunningly beautiful blonde wearing skimpy little workout clothes holding a glass of wine in her hand.
"Are you Andrea's friend?" Lauren asked with a warm and inviting look.
"Umm... yes. Are you.. Her friend too?" asked Aaron, caught off guard.
"Yes. And roommate." Lauren said laughing as she turned and retreated back into the apartment leaving the door open behind her. Aaron watched as her round and ample ass swayed as she walked away.
He followed in. The apartment was large and inviting. An open concept kitchen and dining room area connected to a large L-shaped couch and TV area. Aaron placed the bottle of wine on the dining table and followed Lauren into the living room.
"I think she's still upstairs." said Lauren as she looked at the TV. 'House Hunters' was on in the background. "I'm Lauren. And you?"
"Aaron. Thanks for having me."
Aaron sat down on the opposite side of the couch. He looked at Lauren. Her legs were folded up into her chest as she watched TV. She was in great shape, likely an athlete. Her left hand rested on her knee. Neatly manicured fingers mindlessly scratching her leg.
"Andrea!" she suddenly shouted. "Aaron's here!" as she looked at her guest.
Aaron nodded and looked back at the TV, pretending to be watching.
Andrea came walking down the stairs. She was wearing black shorts and a tight pink top. Her hair was freshly washed, and hanging neatly on her shoulders. She was barefoot. Her large breasts were bouncing gently as she worked her way down the stairs.
"Hey buddy!" she said as Aaron stood up to give her a hug. "Thank you so much for coming over!"
Lauren watched the awkward greeting from the couch. She loved every minute of it.
"Ermm...yeah, thanks for having me. Umm, you look great." stammered Aaron.
Lauren laughed to herself. "Aaron brought us a Cabernet, Andrea."
"Did he now? Well then. Let's have a drink!"
The three of them hung out for the next few hours drinking glasses of wine and eating pizza that Andrea ordered. What started as a quiet and somewhat awkward night had turned into great conversation and chemistry. The topic, however, began to take an interesting turn as the wine flowed.
"No, no, no, no, no!" shouted Andrea. "I am not answering that!"
"Why?! I'm curious! You know me, An. You know I don't have the experience you do. I've dated the same guy my entire life. I'm just dying to know who it was!!"
Aaron was quietly enjoying this conversation. He was also desperately curious himself.
"I can't answer that right now." Andrea shot a look in Aaron's direction. "It's not..." she looked up, trying to find the right words, "the right time?"
Lauren shook her head. "No. You need to answer. Just tell us. Tell us about the biggest penis you've ever seen."
Andrea looked down into her almost empty glass of wine, swirling the remaining contents. She stopped and looked at Lauren straight-faced. She then nodded to Aaron. "It's him."
Lauren's eyes widened. She did not expect this answer. Her conservative ways suddenly caught up to her as she realized how far she'd taken this. "Ohhh. Oh my. Umm." as she laughed through the uncomfortable air.
Andrea shot Lauren a look as if to say 'Happy now?'
Lauren broke the tension and looked at Aaron. "Well, congratulations young man" as she shook hands with Aaron.
"Thanks?" laughed Aaron. His penis started to fill up as the conversation progressed.
The silence again filled the room. Lauren had embarrassed Andrea by forcing her to reveal her answer in front of Aaron. But Andrea, feeling devilish, decided she knew how to get her conservative roommate back.
"Do you want to see it?" she asked Lauren without even looking at Aaron.
Aaron almost fell over in his chair as he could not believe what he had just heard.
"See what?... His di...errr...penis?!?" Lauren corrected herself exasperated.
Andrea was now in full command. "Yeah his dick. It's honestly huge. I couldn't even blow him past his head last night."
Aaron couldn't believe this was happening again. He felt his dick continue to engorge under the table.
"Oh my God," said Lauren as she closed her eyes and shook her head. "No. I am not looking at his dick. I have a boyfriend. Are you nuts?"
Aaron, with the faintest grin, looked at Andrea, awaiting her response.
"You're the one who started talking about penis size. I thought you'd maybe be curious. As long as Aaron here is up to it. Aaron?" Andrea asked.
'Fuck yes' he thought. But he remained cool and nodded. "Sure, if you'd like. I don't have a problem with it."
Andrea turned to her friend. "You have to see it. Trust me it's incredible."
Lauren was quiet. On one hand she couldn't fathom looking at another man naked. She had a boyfriend, whom she loved. She was committed to her faith. But on the other hand her curiosity was eating her alive. She had seen one penis in real life and it was her boyfriend's. Being on the small side, she started to develop a fascination with big dicks as of late. 'Ugh why did you have to open your big mouth,' Lauren thought to herself.
Andrea broke the silence. "Well, I want to see it again. Lauren, you can either watch or go upstairs."
"No, no," Lauren finally spoke. "It's fine. If Aaron is ok with it, sure I guess." Lauren didn't want to seem like a prude. And she truly wanted to see what he was packing.
Meanwhile Aaron felt a bit uncomfortable. This wasn't like earlier that day. Jessica and Kristen were eager and enthusiastic. He knew them well. These girls were pretty much strangers and one of them seemed really put off. His penis had deflated in the midst of his nervousness.
"Show us," directed Andrea with a smile as she looked down under the table. "Oh honey, stand up so we can see too."
Aaron nervously stood up. He reached down and unbuckled his pants. Andrea was staring directly at his crotch area. Lauren looking into her wine glass, blushing.
'No turning back now,' thought Aaron.
He pulled his pants down slightly before reaching in and grabbing his penis. Andrea noticed that he seemed to reach down aggressively far to collect his member.
Suddenly it was out. The cool air felt invigorating on his soft member. He released it as it sluggishly fell down. It was so big, several inches of it rested on the table top below. His balls were freed as well as they hung like two large orbs.
Aaron watched the girls react. Andrea was beaming. Her smile bright and excited. She was becoming his dick's biggest fan. She turned to Lauren.
Lauren had looked up from her wine glass when she heard Aaron's cock 'thud' against the table. She had no words. She raised a hand to cover her mouth as she stared at an incredible, enormous, fat penis. The second penis she's ever seen in real life. The sheer weight of his dick as it rested on the table was breathtaking. It's girth and length, even while soft, were considerably larger than her boyfriend.
Lauren still said nothing. She just stared. She didn't stop staring.
Andrea looked at Lauren, "I told you. It's huge isn't it?"
They both openly stared now. Lauren finally muttered her first words. "Umm, yup. Yup it is definitely big," she proclaimed as she looked up at Aaron. "How did it even get that big?" Lauren asked inquisitively.
Aaron responded "Not sure, it just kind of grew," as he mindlessly picked it up and plopped it back down again.
Andrea unexpectedly reached out and picked up his massive schlong. Her tiny hand was dwarfed even in its mostly flaccid state. "It's heavy too!" she excitedly remarked as she pretended to gauge its weight. "So thick..." she trailed off.
Lauren, still blushing, could not take her eyes off Aaron's plump dick. As Andrea's petite hand held on, Lauren noticed her fingers didn't exactly touch on the other side. 'My God,' she thought to herself. She felt her own wetness developing between her legs. Even though she had a deep feeling of guilt, she simply could not look away at this incredibly arousing scene.
"I can feel it growing!" observed Andrea as she looked up at Aaron and back down at his penis again.
"It gets bigger!!?" screamed Lauren in an unexpected display of enthusiasm. She quickly caught herself and looked down again.
"Umm, well yeah. I'm not exactly fully there yet," said Aaron as he smiled at Lauren.
Andrea began to stroke his mighty cock, making sure to take her time as she slowly traversed the entire length of it with her hand. She paused to lick her palm and then continued stroking in an effort to get Aaron to his full potential.
"It's like a workout," she turned to Lauren while taking a sip from her wine with her other hand. "This thing is just something else."
"I'll say," was all Lauren could respond.
After a few minutes of stroking, Aaron had just about reached his fully engorged state of nine inches long and roughly six inches around. It was at its fattest just below the head before tapering off a tiny bit. Andrea stopped and released his penis. She marveled at it as it stood strong, almost exactly parallel to the table below. It would have stuck out higher if it wasn't for its considerable weight. His ball sack had tightened up with his arousal allowing for his large testicles to be even more pronounced under the thin skin.
"It's a monster," Andrea plainly stated. "It's an absolute monster. Lauren look at this thing," she said as she reached out and held it up to Aaron's stomach. "Past his belly button!"
Lauren was again left speechless. Her moisture had grown to completely soaked as she could not recall the last time she was this horny. She shuffled in her seat to gauge how wet she had become. "Wow." she added.
Aaron had remained silent throughout. He held his wine glass in one hand with the other one resting by his side. He looked down proudly at his penis. This was the the second time in twelve hours he was on display in front of two beautiful women. Life couldn't get any better he thought.
"Wait," said Andrea as she leaned in closer. "I want to try something." With that, she slid her hand all the way down to the base of Aaron's penis. She placed her other hand next to it. A considerable amount of flesh still showed. "Lauren, come over here."
"What? Ummm, no," she nervously laughed. "I'm good over here."
"I want to see something. Please just come over here. He won't bite. Will you?" Andrea asked.
"I won't" stated Aaron.
"I was talking to your penis." giggled Andrea.
"Oh, no I'm pretty sure he won't either." laughed Aaron.
Lauren hesitated. What was she getting herself into? She shouldn't be doing this in the first place. Nevermind getting close to it. She inhaled deeply. Conflicted. Her devilish curiosity was getting the better of her. She looked down for what seemed like five minutes.
"Come on." urged Andrea.
Lauren pushed her wine glass in and slowly stood up. She walked over to Andrea and Aaron. "Here. Happy?"
Andrea still had both hands tightly wrapped around Aaron's dick. "Put your hands above mine. Like this." she looked down. "I want to see how many hands can fit on this."
"Are you crazy!? I have a boyfriend. I can't do this." Lauren argued.
"It's ok, Andrea, she doesn't have to do this." Aaron joined in.
"Oh please, you guys. This is harmless. I just want to see. I'm dying to find out how many hands can fit on this. I've never in my life seen a dick this big. Two seconds that's all."
Lauren was breathing heavy now. She was so nervous, yet incredibly aroused and excited. She wanted to put her hands on Aaron. She definitely wanted to stroke his penis. But she was conflicted inside. 'Would this be cheating?' she thought. I guess it's just touching. It'd be like shaking hands or hugging, right?
"Just two seconds?" she pleaded. "Two seconds," Andrea responded confidently.
Lauren took a deep breath. Looked up at Aaron, then Andrea, then down at his penis. She slowly raised her hands towards his crotch.
She placed her first hand ever so slowly next to Andrea's enclosed fist. At first contact she felt a warm wave or arousal that she had not felt in a long time. Her hand clasped around his rock hard dick as far as she could. Her fingers also didn't touch. She immediately placed her other hand next. She wrapped around tightly.
"Unhhh," Lauren let a soft moan escape. The entire room heard it, but no one commented. She was mortified yet incredibly taken in by the moment.
"Holy shit." proclaimed Andrea. "There's room for more. There's room for even more hands on this."
They all looked down. It was true. Aaron's incredible penis had plenty of room for at least two more hands on top. His swollen dick head protruded past Lauren's enclosed index finger with at least two or three more inches to spare. Lauren looked down and noticed a substantial amount of precum was dripping down Aaron's cock head and onto her fingers. 'OK this is bad, you need to stop right now' her conscience demanded.
With that she abruptly let his dick go, discreetly wiping the precum off on her shorts. "OK, two seconds is up" as she hurried back to her seat flustered.
Andrea also released him and sat down. Aaron remained standing. She turned to Lauren and asked outright. "Is he bigger than Mark?"
"I am NOT answering that." said Lauren. Everyone knew it was true, however. He was easily three times the size of Lauren's boyfriend.
For the next twenty minutes, Aaron continued to stand there with a towering erection as the girls sipped wine and actually talked about something other than him. He too sipped his wine. His erection lost none of its power. He enjoyed this moment. As the girls chatted, they each looked directly at Aaron's prick during pauses in the conversation. As if it was a TV in a bar room. Something to look at.
Andrea then reached out yet again grabbing his penis. She caressed it as she carried on her conversation. Aaron started to feel his tension climb. After what seemed like forever standing there in their kitchen with a towering erection, he was aching for his balls to be emptied. Andrea knew this and got some joy out of making him wait so long. She stroked his penis with one hand and lightly squeezed his balls with the other. "God your balls are so tight." she noticed. "They must be full?" she looked up.
Aaron could only nod as he intently watched Andrea's cute face look up at him holding his penis in her hand. "OK. You've been great, big guy. Let's get this one out shall we?" Aaron simply nodded and closed his eyes briefly.
Lauren was through arguing. She had now been in the room for over an hour with this man's penis on full display. She had held it herself. Boundaries were crossed. She had given in to her sexual desires and now wanted desperately to see him ejaculate.
Aaron's breathing was rapid now. He stared intently as Andrea's two hands raced up and down his penis. Her dark nail polish contrasting with his skin tone in feverish motions. She was going to make him cum right here and now.
Aaron keeled forward, resting his hands on the table. He never stopped watching Andrea's hands. Andrea, meanwhile was working up a sweat. She was determined to make Aaron explode. Her round breasts swayed back and forth, back and forth with the motion of her outstretched hands. She even let a few of her own moans come out for the group to hear.
Lauren was breathing rapidly. Her palms were sweaty. Her vagina soaked. She instinctively placed her hand in her cleavage as she anxiously awaited the big moment.
"Arghhh... ughhhh... Oh fuck." belted out Aaron. "I'm gonna cum!"
Lauren put her hand over her mouth in anticipation. Andrea gritted her teeth. The time was here.
Aaron's dick unleashed a massive unbroken stream of ejaculate all the way across the table, splashing on the dishwasher behind Lauren. Both girls shrieked. Andrea did not relent. Her small hands continued to coax out a magnificent load.
The next stream landed across the width of the table. Lauren looked down, amazed. Another one on the table. Another landed on the floor. "How do you have so much?!" asked Lauren.
Aaron could only grunt and moan. Another shot went over the table. Andrea continued pumping.
There was a brief pause as Aaron looked down concentrating. Andrea still stroked. Just when the girls thought it was done, an unexpected huge blast came out. This one traveling the width of the table again and landing squarely in Lauren's beautiful cleavage. She let out a shriek and stood up away from the table.
"Unnh... Fuck... sorr...sorry... oh fuck." was all Aaron could say, panting.
Lauren stood back from the table and looked down. A huge glob of Aaron's sperm was nestled in the deep valley of her breasts. She reached down with her index finger and tried to scoop it out. There was too much. She looked up, stunned. Aaron's orgasm still had not subsided as Andrea coaxed out a few more smaller bursts that dribbled down to the floor.
Andrea, satisfied, released his penis letting it fall gingerly to the table again. She looked down, proud of her work. She then glanced over at Lauren who looked horrified with Aaron's cum on her fingers and in her cleavage. Lauren didn't say a word with a look of sheer horror on her face. She fumbled around a bit and then finally blurted out a sentence "Ummm. I.. Umm. I need to go upstairs. It was nice meeting you, Aaron." With that she shuffled past the other two and up the stairs to her room.
"Lauren, I'm sorry!" pleaded Aaron. But she said nothing as she went up the stairs.
Andrea looked at Aaron and smiled. "She'll be fine. I think she liked it," she said. Aaron felt guilty and wasn't sure about Andrea's assessment.
"You are something else." said Andrea as she surveyed the scene in the kitchen. Everything seemed to have cum on it.
"Sorry about that," Aaron apologized. "I guess I got carried away. I'll clean this up."
Aaron went to put his dick back in his pants when Andrea reached out to stop him. "You can leave him out if you don't mind." Aaron shrugged and started to clean up his cum with his dick still hanging out.
Andrea smiled and watched him work his way around the kitchen.
Lauren looked at herself in her bathroom mirror. Cum was all over her chest. It was still on her finger. Some had gotten on her neck. She looked down at her breasts and scooped more out using her index finger.
She paused and looked into the mirror. 'What have you done?' she thought. 'Things will never be the same with you and Mark because of this.' She felt an incredible amount of guilt. She then thought of something. With her dry hand she peeled open her jeans and underwear and peeked in. Her light blue lace panties were soaked. She was still leaking from her neatly shaved vagina. She was so turned on, it looked like she pissed herself.
She looked back into the mirror hoping for some clarity on what she'd just done. After a long pause, she raised her finger to her mouth. Her body seemed to take over. Without thinking about what she was doing, she inserted her index and middle fingers into her mouth. She tasted the salty sweetness from Aaron's seed. Waves of ecstasy ran throughout her body. She swallowed.
She was right. Things may never be the same.
To be continued...