My departure from the parking lot wasn't as inconspicuous as my arrival. As I finally left the store with Zayne around my arm I noticed that the parking lot was a lot fuller than when I came. People were pulling in, loading their cars, and walking up to the store. How could they not notice the tall naked guy walking out with the hottie on his arm?
Folks froze once they grasped what they were looking at. I was totally nude except for the bags I was holding in front of me. My face went hotter hoping we could get to the car soon. Zayne was still on my arm so I had to walk at his pace. As we passed through the lines of parked cars people stopped and stared as they passed us.
"Hello, lovely day we are having here right?" Zayne waved to them as they passed. My face reddened further as more people got a good look at me. I didn't like the fact that Zayne was drawing more attention to me but how can I be mad at him? Zayne was just being friendly, and people would probably look at him anyway just for being so good-looking. So I just smiled at them weirdly until we finally made it to the car.
Zayne took out his fob and popped open the trunk. "Just put everything in here." As Zayne let go of my arm I tossed the bags in the back and shut the trunk quickly. I scurried over to the passenger's side door waiting eagerly for Zayne to unlock it. I was seconds away from getting cover until someone came up to us.
Some curly-haired lady was kneeling down before Zayne's car taking angular photos of my nudity! My face reddened and I hunched my head down as I raised a hand in her direction. I don't know if I made things better or worse (probably worse). When I realized I left part of my dick out in the open, I tried turning around but that only gave her a photo of my butt.
As Zayne buckled into his seat he finally unlocked my door. I practically dived into my seat once I swung my door open. I must have looked ridiculous flailing my ass and legs about as I managed to reposition myself. When I shut the door behind me, only then did the curly-haired woman leave with a smile on her face.
Zayne laughed, "Everybody wants a piece of you Jack! That's going to come in handy."
What was he talking about? "I don't want anybody to have a piece of me. Isn't fine that I just wanna give my entire self to you?" In my frustration, it seemed like I said something a little too forward. I slapped a hand up to my mouth and looked at Zayne. There was actually some pink in his cheeks.
"Oh, well...I think I would kind of like that..." Zayne looked away for a moment. He looked so adorable! I wanted to kiss those precious cheeks of his. Most of the time he was totally confident. Who would have thought sharing my feelings would be the thing that made him blush?
It didn't last long though. Zayne shook it off and turned to me with his usual charming smile. "Alright Jack-my-bee, guess where we are heading to next."
Still naked in my seat, I was a bit reluctant to guess...
"Relax, we're heading to that job interview I promised you Jack-my-bee." Zayne announced cheerily.
That perked me up, "Really!? I'm going to get that interview?"
"Of course Jack-my-bee, I'm a man of my word."
He comes into my life, buys me clothes, now he was going to get me a job. I was just so happy right now I wrapped Zayne in my arms and kissed him deeply on the mouth. He let out a surprised noise in the back of his throat but then very quickly closed his eyes and ran his fingers through my hair. Our tongues danced with each other for a while and I nibbled on his bottom lip for a bit before I pulled away, "Oh! Sorry Zayne. I got carried away there." I breathed.
Zayne was also panting heavily, "Don't. Fucking. Apologize! Get your ass back here!" Zayne pulled me by the hair and slammed me into his mouth. This time it was I who let out a noise before I melted back into him. Zayne unfastened his seat belt and foisted himself onto my lap wrapping his arms around my neck. I placed my hands on his sides and we continued to make-out for several minutes.
This was true bliss. All these wonderful kisses with the thrill of Zayne straddling my lap was stirring up excitement in my member. Zayne and I continued to kiss as I hardened. My length stretched up the crotch of his pants and up into his shirt where my penis rubbed against his belly. There was a slight chuckle in the back of his throat as my prick tickled him a bit. Without breaking our kiss, Zayne grabbed me by the wrists and moved my hands to his butt. He motioned his body up and down using his stomach to keep my dick hard.
I so loathed to pull away from him but reality came knocking. I noticed the clock in the car and took my hands off his backside, "I can do this all day with you Zayne. Really! But I don't want to be late for the interview. You put in so much effort to get it for me and I don't want to blow it."
Zayne pouted, "Put your hands back on me this instant." I complied. Zayne's tone was even but carried an urgency that pulled my hands back to his ass. "I set up the whole thing. I know how much time we have and when we can get there." He sighed. "But I get where your coming from Jack, so here's what we do..." He looked at the clock then back to me "Kiss me for 5 more minutes then I'll drive you to the interview. Deal?"
I nodded happily, "Deal!"
Our faces collided again and we became lost in our passion once more. My hands unconsciously squeezed Zayne's glorious butt while my dick was hot the whole time taking refuge in Zayne's shirt. This took more like 10 minutes instead of 5 but even if I were to miss the interview today because of all this, I have no regrets. At all!
*******
As we sped down the highway I was on cloud nine. I had my feet propped up on the dashboard with one arm hanging out the window. I was still naked but didn't pay that fact any mind. I was looking at Zayne the whole time. Our little make-out session before we got back on the road put me in such a good mood I actually had a dry-orgasm when we finished up. So I was feeling pretty great.
Zayne could tell, "What are you smiling at me for?" He grinned as he continued to drive. Acting like he didn't already know.
I reached out to stroke Zayne's cheek, "Why wouldn't I be happy? You are so beautiful." I twirled a finger in his hair then trailed my fingers down across his ear.
Zayne quivered adorably, "Hey big guy, if you don't want me to crash this car you better keep you hands off my ears." He actually didn't look displeased. In fact, he looked a bit aroused. It made want to lean forward and bite those precious ears. I went back to stroking his cheek with my knuckles, I just wanted to keep touching him.
Zayne tilted his head into my hand, "We should do something after your interview, however it goes."
" I agree." Like, do you want to get married and buy a house by the beach with me where we can live out the rest of our days with our trusty dog we rescued from the shelter? Because that would be my first suggestion. Honestly I didn't care what I did with Zayne, so long as we did it together. But before we could decide on what we were going to do, we pulled up to a small white building at the center of town.
"Alright Jack-my-bee, this is our stop. Good luck at your interview!" Zayne jumped out of the car and circled his way to my door.
I had to take a moment to digest this situation, "Uh, wait. Right here? Right now?" I looked at Zayne's angelic face through the window as he leaned forward to kiss my forehead.
"Yeah, we just head down that alleyway. There is a side entrance that will take us to a waiting room where the hiring staff will call you in. I will be joining them during the interview since I'm the manager but don't count on me to do show you favoritism, I have to keep this interview fair. Just follow all of my instructions and you'll be fine."
"Hold on a minute Zayne! I'm still naked! Shouldn't I put on some clothes first?"
"Well, no...you see..." Zayne looked thoughtful for a moment and then snapped his fingers "this interview also involves a sort of 'physical examination'. The staff has to examine you anyway to make sure you are capable physical labor. So you being naked already preps you ahead of time for one of the requirements of this interview...Yeah...that's it!"
"Really?"
"Yep, I already informed them ahead of time that you will be showing up to the interview naked and they couldn't be more pleased. They actually wanted me to personally thank you on their behalf for being so proactive. All the other interviewees took up so much of their time with all that dressing and undressing they had to do for the physical examination. The fact that you are already nude makes things a lot easier for them. I really think this improves your chances of getting hired."
"It does?"
"Of course."
Come to think of it, a ton of jobs out there require a physical. Not to mention I don't have that much experience with interviews. I was the 'boss' son" so my one and only interview for my father's company was a formality at best, my dad even told me so. Is this what companies normally do when they hire someone? I would have no way of knowing. "Well, if it increases my chances of getting hired..."
"Totally! Now, get your butt out here. You don't want to keep them waiting." Zayne opened my door and I stepped out onto the pavement looking around to make sure nobody saw me. I cupped my hands over my privates and Zayne and I rushed to the alleyway. I was relieved to make it inside without being seen on the street but once I was in the building, five different sets of eyes fell on me.
*******
Zayne's POV
It took everything I had just to stop myself from laughing. Jack was just too damn gullible! Oh my God, it's just adorable how he simply believes everything that I tell him. 'Physical Examination' I said, and he bought that?! I almost felt bad for him, it seems his father really did a number on him. How sheltered do you have to be in order to become this dense? Oh my poor Jack...I just want to hug you and explain how this world devours big lovable morons like you. But that would just spoil my fun.
It was a shame nobody caught him walking naked up to the building but that's alright. I already filled this so-called 'waiting room' with a couple of my friends from school. They were just drama majors but today they were playing the role of Jack's competing 'interviewees'. I told them about what was happening beforehand; that I could bring this tall naked stud before them if they just played the part. I'm not sure if all of them took me seriously but I guess curiosity and boredom got the better of them. They not only showed up to the location I shared with them, they even got dressed up in business wear to play the part I picked out for them. As I brought Jack into our fake waiting room, the looks on their faces told me that they were very happy that they listened to me.
Now it was time for me to slip away to the other room to let Melanie and the others know that our hot naked fool has arrived to put on a show for us. This is turning out to be one of the best days of my life.
*******
Jack's POV
"You can go ahead and have a seat Jack-my-bee. I'll be joining the examiners in the other room. We'll call you in when we're ready for you." Zayne merrily skipped away behind another door across the waiting room. I was left standing awkwardly before five fully-clothed men and women who were all staring at me intently. I suppose I can't blame them, I would be staring too if some naked guy suddenly walked into the room. I tried to smile and waved gingerly as I scooted across the wall to take a seat as far away from them as I could get. They started whispering to each other as I sat down, no doubt talking about me.
"Oh my God, there really is some naked guy here!"
"He is hot, I wonder if he's single?"
"I am so glad I came to this!"
"Dude is packing! Does he really think he is hiding anything behind those hands?"
"I wonder how big he will get fully erect?"
Geeze! I know it's hard to ignore me but shouldn't these guys be focusing on the interview? Blessedly, Zayne reappeared poking his head out the door, "Jack-my-bee, we are ready for you now." He spoke in a sing-song voice. I quickly stood up and hurried across the room. This gave the other people there a nice look at my backside, they whistled at the sight of my ass. I tried to keep my head down but I had to look up when I noticed that there were even more people in the next room.
As Zayne shut the door behind me, I saw that there were three long prop up tables forming a semi circle in the room. At each of these tables were at least three seats, all of them were currently occupied by men and women in business attire except for one. I assumed that was Zayne's seat at the end of the middle table right next to a grinning woman with black hair and a gingerbread-colored blazer with a matching skirt. Right before all three tables at the center of the room was a singular wooden chair.
Zayne took his seat next to the woman in the gingerbread suit as she began to speak, "Ah, you must be Jacobee Wendell. Zayne speaks very highly of you. Please have a seat." It would appear the chair placed before these tables was for me. Nervously, I sat down with my bare behind on the cold wood. I was now inescapably at the center of attention to all these people in the room. I began to shiver, either from the cold or nerves I'm not sure which. The woman sitting right before me spoke again, "Welcome Jacobee, my name is Melanie Strong. I am the owner of the establishment known as the Dream Gale. That's the name of the restaurant you will be applying for today. Zayne and I are close friends, that's why I trust him to manage the restaurant when I am away so often." She gestured to her right and Zayne gave me a friendly wave. I smiled despite my situation. "Over on my left here is our assistant manager Doug Rochter," She pointed to a wide-shouldered dark-skinned man with a crew cut in a grey suit and a blue-stripped tie. He smiled and waved. "The rest of us here are very important members of the board involving this business. I will introduce them at a later time should this interview go well. Are you aware of the position you are applying for?"
"Wha-Oh! Yes! Um, something about...restaurant-ing?" I was a little of guard so I gave a distracted response that earned me a laugh from the room. My ears turned red and I sank down into my chair. My interview has barely even started and I was already blowing it!
"Yes, you will be bussing tables Mr. Wendell but you will be expected to perform various other services for our customers as well."
"Oh, yes. Of course. I'm up for anything." Maybe I will have a better chance at this interview if I just agreed with everything she said.
"You think you could entertain them? Be friendly with them?"
"Absolutely, I have been told I am very friendly and entertaining all the time."
"Wonderful, you will be required to wear a uniform at work. It's appearance may change based on the needs of our customers. Will that be a problem?"
"No, of course not. I will be totally fine with whatever you need."
"Just what I wanted to hear. Now, are you capable of various physical tasks of physical labor? Such as lifting and dancing?"
"Yes, I'm actually very strong and I took some dance classes back in high school." My dad would sometimes throw balls and galas for some of his wealthy investors when I was a teenager. I would be expected to dance with some of their daughters to build a relationship with the families. Come to think of it, none of the girls I danced with were ever as beautiful as Zayne. I will have to ask him to go dancing sometimes. Hey, wait a second...does this job require me to dance?
"Well, we will have to confirm that you are in top physical condition before we consider giving you the job. Can you stand up for me please?"
I complied, I stood up from the chair with my hands before my junk.
"Please place your hands behind your head Mr. Wendell."
I swallowed, hesitating a moment before I lifted up my hands. Melanie's eyes nearly popped out of her head as she took in the unobstructed view of my nakedness. "Holy...it's even bigger in person."
"What?"
She cleared her throat, "Never mind that, try flexing your muscles. We need to see your range of motion." My eyes flicked to Zayne, he was nodding his head. Turning bright red in the face, I started going through some of the poses I did for Zayne when I visited his place. Many of the people behind the tables whistled and pointed approvingly. A guy at the table to my left and a woman to the table to my right both pulled out their phones and set them up on small tripods they propped on the tables. Realizing that they were recording my naked posing I quickly covered myself back up. "Mr. Wendell, please don't cover yourself. Your only hurting your chances at this job."
"But...the cameras..."
"Don't worry, this is a standard procedure to prove that you went through the physical exam. We keep this records on file to authenticate that you are capable of the labor this position demands."
I saw Zayne bite his lip. Oh crap, my shyness was blowing my chances at this job. Taking a deep breath, I resumed my poses while trying not to eye the cameras. Just pretend that they are not there Jack. I told myself. As I uncovered myself, some of the other suits pulled out their own recording devices as I looked away. "Good, Mr Wendell could you place your hands on your hips, bend your left leg, and stretch out your right?" I kept my eyes on her as I obeyed her request. I didn't want to look at the cameras. "Excellent response, just keep doing stretches while I ask you more questions. Is that doable?"
"S-Sure."
Melanie asked me to do lunges before she asked me her next question, "So Mr. Wendell, do you have the stamina to work early mornings and late nights?"
"Yes, I can put up with a lot."
She told me to do the splits as best as I can, "Do you need any accommodations to your schedule?"
I was then told to do squats, "No, I'm completely free." I answered.
"What about on call? If we phone you during an emergency will you be able to rush over to cover someone?"
I was then told to turn around and flex my back muscles. Some of my voyeurs were salivating as I turned around. "I can make it if there is an emergency. Whatever Zayne needs...Um, whatever YOU need is totally game." Melanie giggled then asked me to bend over and touch my toes. I blushed but slowly obeyed the command. My bare ass was now sticking up towards my onlookers.
"What sort of educational background do you have?" Melanie asked.
"Um, well I have a bachelor's degree from college." She then told me to reach around and spread my butt-cheeks apart. With my face growing redder, I shut my eyes and reluctantly grabbed my buttocks, pulling them apart to fulfill this embarrassing command. Melanie now had a front row seat to my hole. I could feel the pressure of every stare in the room.
"What field did you study?"
"Finance." She finally let me stand up and turn around to face her. Then she instructed me to do jumping jacks. I looked ridiculous doing it naked but I did it anyway.
"How were you in finance?"
Oh boy, as if this situation weren't humiliating enough I couldn't bring myself to lie even though it would benefit me. "Honestly, I wasn't very good in college. It took me an extra year to graduate because I failed a couple classes...well, several classes actually."
"I see, and how long did you work after you graduated?" She then told me to do some bowflex stretches. I put my hands on my hips and leaned downward on one knee then did the other.
"Uh, a little over a year. My father's company went under after that." She continued to call out random stretches and poses for me to do before she asked a question.
"Your father's company? So you got your job on nepotism then?"
Ah man, I shouldn't have mentioned that part, but it was too late now. I sighed, "Yes, my dad gave me the job..."
"Do you think you will be able to truly earn this position once you have it?"
I looked to Zayne hopefully. He had on a poker-face but nodded in my direction. "Yes," I answered "if I get this job, I promise I will give it 100 percent...no, 200 percent!" That brought laughter to the room and I reddened again from all the embarrassment.
"Well Mr. Wendell..."
"Oh! Please! Call me Jack!" I interrupted in a panic. Man, this is not going well.
"Jack...stand straight and perfectly still with your arms outward. We are just going to take a few measurements. If we decide to hire you it would benefit us all if we knew what your sizes were for the uniform." That makes sense. This position was actually less embarrassing compared to everything else she just made me do. I raised my arms and kept them straight as one man from the left table and a woman from my right table stood up with their own set of measuring tape. They were clearly ready for everything. They approached me and very diligently measured every length my body had to offer. I was feeling rather skittish having these people get close to me and touch me while naked but I figured the two of them will get through this quickly.
I figured wrong, they took their sweet time.
Once I thought they were finally done measuring my arms and legs Melanie spoke up to the woman, "Oh yes, Liz, make sure you get _that _too."
"But of course, answered the woman with the measuring tape. Liz put her tape right next to my penis and measured it's length. "Damn! A whole ten inches!" She let out a low whistle and my face reddened again.
"Nice," Melanie nodded "now how big is it hard?"
I didn't even get a moment to process this situation before Liz grabbed my dick. "Hey!" I yelled pulling away.
Zayne jumped from his seat, "Whoa! Now hold on just a damn minute Liz! Look but don't touch!" Zayne actually looked angry. Was he being protective of me? As happy as that made me, it would make me even happier if he did it because he was jealous. But I didn't want to get my hopes up.
"Zayne, we just don't want there to be any issues with Jack's costume." Zayne glared at Melanie "Perhaps, you would like to lend a hand?" That seem to ease Zayne's outburst. He leapt over the table and walked towards me placing a hand on my chest.
"Hey, Jack?" Zayne spoke.
"Yes?" I pressed myself into his touch.
"Do you trust me?"
"Yes?"
"Good." Zayne slid his hand downward until the tips of his fingers tickled the tip of my dick. I shivered with delight as Zayne coaxed my pole into full mast.
"Well that was some fast work." Melanie commented.
"What can I say? I got the magic touch." Zayne winked at her. He sure did.
Liz moved her tape again, "A whole whopping twelve inches!" The room applauded and I placed my face in my hand. This was not the thing I wanted to be cheered for.
"Well, I think we've seen all that we needed to. You may be excused Jack."
"What? That's it?"
"We will discuss the status of your employment after you leave the room. Have a nice day."
"I...but..."
"You just stay in the waiting room Jack-my-bee, while us big wigs talk about whether you have earned your place in our establishment." Zayne placed a hand on my back and led me out of the room "Don't worry buddy, I'll be sure to put in a good word for ya." Zayne winked before he closed the door in my face.
I was surprised at how abruptly that ended but even more surprised to find there were even more people in the waiting room when I came out. It was as if they doubled since I last came out here, give or take. There wasn't even room to sit down. The five who saw me before were delighted to see me again. The new ones who were seeing me for the first time had moment of surprise before they all started pointing and laughing along with everything else. All I could do was stand there cupping my groin until Zayne came back. My face flushed as I wondered how long that was going to take.