Authors Note: This is anotherFICTIONALstory. All characters in the story areFICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story areFICTIONAL.
*****
Several weeks had passed since Marcus' birthday at the Honey Pot lounge and the usual restless feelings were starting to build inside of me. I decided that I wanted another "Reparations Dinner" kind of event but this time I wanted to be the only female. I decided to call Darby to see if he could set something up.
I had arranged to work at home one day and, while my husband was in the office, I called Darby and let him know that I was ready to play again.
"What kind of situation are you looking for?" he asked.
"I don't really know but I want something more than just one evening and I want to really push my boundaries this time." I replied.
"Your boundaries are already pretty broad." He laughed. "But let me think about it and I'll get back to you."
"Sounds good." I smiled knowing that Darby's imagination would run rampant.
A couple of weeks went by and I was beginning to think that Darby had forgotten about me. Then one day I was driving home from work when my phone rang.
"Hello".
"Hi Janice, It's Darby. Can you talk?"
My nipples immediately grew hard in anticipation of his proposal.
"Yes, I'm driving home from work. There is nobody in the car with me." I croaked.
"Good. You said that you wanted something like the "Reparations Dinner" weekend but even wilder."
"Yes, nothing disgusting or dangerous but otherwise anything goes." I replied.
"How much time can you take off work?" he asked.
"Well I have several weeks banked. What do you have in mind?"
"Can you take a week off starting two weeks from now?"
"Shouldn't be a problem." I replied.
"Good. I will start making arrangements. When I have everything in place I will email you."
"Thanks Darby. I look forward to your email."
The phone went dead and realized that I needed to concentrate on the road. My nipples we still hard and I felt a warmth and slight dampness between my legs. My only problem was how to let my husband know that I would be gone for a week. In the end I decided to just tell him straight up.
I got home and Alan arrived about ten minutes later. I was busy in the kitchen making dinner and Alan went up to get changed out of his suit and tie. Over dinner we chatted about our day and then I decided to just blurt it out.
"In a couple of weeks I'm taking some time off work."
"Good, you've been stressed out a little lately. Some downtime will do you good. How long are you taking off and what are you going to do?" he replied.
"I had a chat with Darby today. I have no idea what I'm going to be doing but he has something in mind for me. I'll be off for a week" All of a sudden I felt a little guilty.
"Something that lasts a week?" he giggled nervously.
"Yes, I told him I wanted a wild weekend but he stretched it to a week. I hope that's ok?"
"It's fine but you really should have mentioned it to me first."
"I know. I'm sorry." I gave him my best doe eyed look. "Do you want me to cancel it?"
"No, it's ok. You go ahead. Will I see you at all during that week?"
"I doubt it. It sounds like Darby has something in mind for the whole week. I doubt that I'll be home at all."
We finished our dinner in silence and the evening dragged by very slowly. When we got to bed I tried to touch him but he turned away.
"Save yourself for Darby." He snorted.
The next few days passed quietly. My husband wasn't talking much and the atmosphere felt a little like it did when my slut adventure originally began. Our conversation was polite and civil but there was tension in the air.
The following week the e-mail arrived. All it contained was a date and time and an address in the city. I wondered what I should wear and decided it would be best if it was something I would be happy stripping out of. I figured that that was a fair bet. I told Alan that I was taking the next week off.
When the Monday morning arrived Alan got up and left for work. I stayed in bed until he had left and then got ready for my week. My preparations consisted of shaving the usual parts and making sure that everything was clean and tidy. I had a quick breakfast and picked up my overnight bag and left.
I arrived at the address in the city with five minutes to spare and knocked on the heavy wooden door. The building looked very old but well maintained. The door swung open and a woman in a prison guard's outfit ushered me in.
"Hands behind your back." She ordered.
I complied and felt a pair of handcuffs go on.
She lead me down a long corridor to another impressive wooden door where to more guards were waiting. They pushed the heavy wooden door open and I was led inside.
The room was set up like an old courtroom. I was taken up a couple of steps and found myself in what must have been the prisoner's box. From here I could see the entire room. As I looked around the room I heard several sharp bangs and heard someone shout "Order. Order in the court."
"Is this a real courtroom?" I asked the guard.
"Yes, it's most often used when the Old City Hall court is overloaded but it's also used to train staff and lawyers as well."
"Are you a real guard?"
"Yes, I work for the police service." She answered.
The public gallery was full and several "lawyers" sat at a table. At the front of the court sitting above everyone else was the judge. He was an older white man and he wore the black robes and wig hat that a judge might wear in old time England. He had half rimmed glasses on and was looking at me over the top of them. Apart from me he appeared to be the only white person in the room.
"Please state your name, age and place of residence." He ordered.
I complied.
"Do you know why you are here today?" he asked.
"No I don't." I replied.
"You will refer to me as 'Your Honour'" he huffed.
"You are here today because you are charged with being a black cock sucking cum drinking slut whore of the highest order. How do you plead? Guilty or not guilty?"
"I am not a whore." I shot back.
"I am not a whore your honour." He emphasized the last two words.
"I am not a whore your honour." I replied.
"How do you plead?"
"Not guilty your honour." I shot back defiantly.
I couldn't deny that I had sucked many cocks and swallowed a lot of cum but I was not a whore. By definition a whore gets paid. I had never been paid for sex.
"Then let this trial commence." The judge declared. "Prosecution, call your first witness."
"Wait, where are my lawyers?" I asked.
"You will represent yourself." The judge declared. "Prosecution, your witness please."
One of the black lawyers stood and said "The prosecution calls the defendants husband to the stand.
My husband stood in the witness stand and I gasped. I had not expected this at all.
"Witness, please state your name."
My husband did so and the judge asked him "How long have you been married to the defendant?"
"Two years your honour." He replied.
"Did you have any idea that your wife was a slut whore when you married her?" he asked.
"No your honour. It came as a shock to me."
"Prosecution, the witness is yours." The judge directed
One of the black lawyers stood up
"When did you first find out?" He asked.
"I arrived home from work one evening to find her in the living room with another man."
"Did you know this man? Was he a friend?" the lawyer asked.
"No sir, he was a complete stranger to me and I suspect to my wife as well." My husband replied.
"What colour was this gentleman?"
"He was black."
"Can you tell me what happened that evening?"
"Without saying a word my wife stripped off her clothes and sat on the guys lap. She was facing him and she allowed him to suck on her breasts."
"Please continue."
"She took his hand and placed it on her vagina. I couldn't see properly but I suspect that she allowed him to penetrate her with his fingers."
"After that what happened."
"She took him upstairs and undressed him and started licking and sucking his penis."
"And you witnessed all of this?"
"Yes sir. She had a seat already placed at the head of the bed and ordered me to sit on it. From that seat I could see everything."
"And what did you see."
"They had sex in several different positions over the next few hours."
"Did it look like your wife was doing this under duress?".
"No sir. In fact she initiated everything that they did."
"When did you next see your wife with another man?"
"One day when I got home from work she was entertaining three black men and one white guy."
"Please define "entertaining."
"There was a baseball game on TV and when one team scored a run she had to take an item of clothing off. When the other team scored she agreed to give one guy oral sex."
"Do you recall what the final score in the game was?" the lawyer asked.
"Not the exact score but there were a lot of runs. Perhaps 8 to 7 maybe."
"So your wife had agreed to give oral sex seven or eight times?" he asked.
"Yes."
"And what was she wearing at the end of the game?"
"She was naked sir and had been since the sixth or seventh inning." My husband replied.
All of this was true but I could feel my face was bright red and I had started to sweat.
"What happened after the baseball game was over? The lawyer asked.
"The five of them spent many hours having sex."
"Was your wife an unwilling participant in this?"
"No sir. She was very happily going from guy to guy as often as she could."
"Did you see your wife engage in any other sexual activities in your house." The lawyer asked.
"Yes, she had organized a gangbang for herself. There were ten guys there but I don't think they all had sex with her."
"How many did."
"Six or seven I think." My husband replied.
"You also fucked me on that day." I yelled.
"Ok, make that seven or eight." My husband shot back.
"Were there any other sexual events in your house?" the lawyer enquired.
"Not that I saw but she and one of the guys told me that she had several one on ones when I wasn't home."
"Through all of this sex, how of the guys that she had sex with were white and how many were black?" my husband was asked.
"There was only one white guy. The rest were black." My husband responded.
"Thank you, you may step down." The lawyer ordered.
"Call your next witness." Said the judge.
"Your honour, we'd like to go to the video evidence next."
"As you wish."
A large screen dropped behind and to one side of the judge. He turned around to watch.
The screen flickered and as soon as the first image came up I recognized that it came from Marcus' basement. I was playing pool with Linda and at that very moment I was stripping off my bra. The film continued as I stripped naked and then got on my knees to give blow jobs. Some scenes from when I was on the sofa beds with a cock in my pussy and another in my mouth and then when I was chained against the wall and Marcus was asking my permission for him to use his cock on me. I didn't realize it at the time but I had virtually begged him to put it inside me.
Then more scenes from the orgy on the sofa beds came up and I knew exactly what they were going to show. I was on my knees allowing guy after guy masturbate into my mouth. Some of the spunk hit my face and chest but much of it went directly into my mouth and I was swallowing greedily.
The next set of videos came from the "Reparations Dinner" weekend. Darby had told me that he had video of much of the stuff that went on in his hotel and I had even watched some of it. Some of the video that the court was about to watch was stuff that I had seen before but much of it was new to me. More worrisome was the fact that much of the new stuff was close up shots of me doing all kinds of things.
In one scene I was dancing naked on the hotel's reception desk for a guy and I soon dropped to my hands and knees so that he could fuck me from behind. Another scene saw me in an elevator where a black guy lifted me up onto the handrail and penetrated me. When he had finished I dropped to my knees and blew his friend. When they left the elevator another guy got in and I grabbed the handrail and bent over. The elevator had mirrors in it and I was clearly enjoying looking at myself in the mirror as I allowed the guy to take me from behind.
There was video of me dancing naked on a coffee table for a bunch of guys and I had a smile on my face the whole time. My smile grew even more broad as I sat on the coffee table with my legs wide open and used my fingers to part my pussy lips.
Perhaps the most damning of the evidence was a long video in which I was tied to a bed while man after man screwed me. In this video I could clearly be heard begging for more. I was particularly concerned because Darby had told me that none of the hotel rooms had cameras in them. I now knew that wasn't true and I knew it also meant that probably everything I had ever done in the hotel was recorded.
The final piece of evidence was video of one of the races in the Slut Olympics during the Reparations Dinner weekend. The race involved the women having to run with a small shiny rubber ball inserted in our vaginas. If the ball fell out we had to recover it and give it to one of the black spectators for them to re-insert it. There was one guy who touched me in a way that nobody else ever had as he pushed the ball back inside me. I was very close to an orgasm and the video showed me obviously and deliberately pushing the ball back out so that he would have to push it back in and touch me again.
I was embarrassed that everyone in the court was watching the videos but I was not at all ashamed of the things that I had done in them. The smile on my face in the majority of the videos told me all I needed to know.
The big screen went blank and the silence was soon broken by the hubbub from the public gallery.
The judge banged his gavel and yelled "Silence in court. I will have silence."
The public gallery was soon hushed and the judge announced "This court will adjourn for lunch. It's eleven thirty. Court will resume at one thirty."
He banged his gavel again and then stood and went through a door into his chambers.
I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned to see one of the guards standing ready to lead me away.
"Where are we going?" I asked as she helped me down the steps.
"You're going to the holding cell downstairs." She answered.
She led me to an elevator, ushered me inside and pressed the button.
We exited the elevator into a pale green painted corridor. Turning a corner I found myself in a large room with the holding cell and a small office in it. The holding cell was very large and had no walls on two sides. Instead of walls the other two sides had floor to ceiling bars.
The first thing I noticed was that the cell was already occupied by a group of surly looking black guys. Standing apart from this group was another black guy.
"Wait a minute, you can't put me in here with these guys." I protested.
"I was told to put you in the holding cell. I don't ask questions." Came the reply.
She gave me a gentle shove and locked the door behind me.
In the middle of the cell was a large wooden table and a bench running down either side of it. I made my way over and sat on one of the benches. I hadn't been sat down for more than a minute when the black guy who had been stood alone came over to me.
"S'cuse me Ma'am, would you do me a favour?" he asked.
"What?" I answered abruptly. I didn't want to get too friendly with any of these guys.
"I have some money in my pants and when I get sent down I have to give it to the guard for safekeeping while I do my time. I don't know how to count and I'm worried that I won't get it all back when I get out. Will you count it for me?"
He had a strong accent from one of the southern U.S states. I couldn't tell which state but it really didn't matter. He seemed to be a little simple minded and so I decided to help him out.
He pulled the money out of his pocket and sat down across the table from me.
It didn't take long to count. "Forty six dollars and thirty five cents." I told him.
"Please keep the money in your pocket for me. Is that enough for a Big Mac and some fries?" he asked.
I smiled at him and said "Yes, that's plenty. More than enough."
His response took me by surprise. "Is that enough to buy your pussy?" his "yankee" accent had disappeared and all of a sudden he seemed quite aggressive.
I looked around for the guard but I couldn't see her.
"No way. Get away from me." I yelled.
He reached across the table and grabbed my jaw. "You're going to get up on this table and strip for us. Then you're going to come and satisfy this." He snarled as he pointed at his groin.
By now the rest of the guys had gathered around.
"You're going to strip for us and enjoy it. You'll do it with a smile on your face." His grip tightened and began to hurt.
I felt hands grab me from behind and I was lifted up onto the table.
"Dance." I was ordered. The order was accompanied by a sharp smack across my ass.
I started to dance robotically. It wasn't good enough.
"Put some energy into it and smile." I was ordered.
I started to pick it up a bit but I was delaying taking anything off in hope that the guard would reappear before I had to. As I turned my heart sank. The guard was in her office with headphones on. She looked up and saw me and smiled. I realized that she wasn't going to help me.
"Take something off." I was ordered.
"What do you want me to take off?" I asked in the vague hope that I could delay long enough until someone came through the door.
"Take it all off." Came the answer.
I felt another vicious slap on my backside and this time it really stung. Reluctantly I started to undo the buttons on my blouse. I pushed it off of my shoulders and let in drop. My skirt went next and I began to regret my decision to wear a half cup bra and a micro g-string.
I closed my eyes as I started to undo my bra. I knew that delaying it was pointless. Nobody was coming to save me.
My bra fell away and for a few moments I could see all eyes concentrating on my boobs. Then I noticed that their attention was shifting to my micro g-string. The effect was magnetic and I felt my own hands drawn to my pubic area. I eased the g-string down and continued to dance fully naked.
One of the guys got up onto the table and put his hands on my shoulders. As he pushed me to my knees I knew that I would soon have his cock in my mouth. I un-zipped him and pulled his cock out. He was erect and already dribbling. He knelt down and I bent forward and put my elbows on the table and kissed the head of his tool.
At that moment I felt a hand on my ass. The hand soon moved towards my pussy and without even thinking I parted my legs to allow it. Moments later I felt a cock pushing against my pussy lips and then inside me.
I have no idea how many times these six guys screwed me and I really didn't care. The week was starting much as I expected it to continue.
I heard a buzzer go off and saw a red light come on. I had no idea what it meant and ignored it. A little while later the buzzer went off again and a green light came on. The guard took off her headphones and came into the cell.
"That's time guys." She called. The guys all stood back and started to get dressed. The guard helped me down off the table, put the handcuffs back on me and started to lead me back to the elevator.
"Wait, my clothes. I have to put my clothes on." I cried.
"No time for that. We can't keep the court waiting."
In short order I found myself standing naked in the prisoner's box. Now the fact that my hands were cuffed behind me really did accentuate my boobs and my nipples were extremely hard and erect. My face was still flushed due mainly to all of the activity that I had just experienced.
The judge looked directly at me for a good fifteen seconds and then asked "Madam, where is your clothing?"
"Downstairs your honour". I replied.
"Why are they downstairs when you are upstairs?" he asked.
"I don't know." I knew that I was blushing.
"Then let me put it another way. Who removed your clothing and brought you into my court naked?"
"I removed my clothes your honour and the guard brought me up here without them." I answered.
"And why, may I ask, did you remove your clothes?"
"It was a striptease your honour." I admitted sheepishly.
"Was it indeed?" he asked. "Is this something that you do often?"
"I have done it occasionally, yes."
"Do you enjoy it?" he enquired.
"Most of the time." I answered.
"Really. Then as far as I'm concerned you will stay as you are until this case is over."
He spent a few minutes going through some papers and then looked up and announced "Prosecution. Please continue."
A lawyer stood up and said "Your honour, with your permission we'd like to continue with more video evidence."
"You may continue." Replied the judge.
The big screen flickered back into life.
I recognized the occasion immediately. This was video of me stripping for a group if Indians and Pakistanis. I was already naked when the video started and I was lying on a table being held down while guys had their way with me. I was pretending to try to escape being held down and my giggling and mock protests made my pleasure obvious. The next scene showed me bent over sucking one of the guys cock while another fucked me from behind. It wasn't so much what was happening that made it shocking but more so the frequency of what was happening.
Next up was me being led through the main ballroom naked and Darby calling over the guys who were setting up tables and decorations for that evening's banquet. Darby got one of his guys to touch me all over and I didn't protest or resist. In fact if memory serves me correctly I recall being hopeful that I was going to get screwed right there and then.
Following that was cell phone video of me stripping and fucking the groom at a bachelor party in a house in the west end of the city. I knew that this particular video came courtesy of Marcus. He agreed to take some pictures for me as ammunition against a guy who had similar pictures of me. I thought that Marcus was only taking still photos to help me get out of the clutches of an ex-colleague. There was also video of me sitting in an armchair with my legs draped over the arms of the chair. My pussy was fully on display and Marcus made sure that he got some really close up shots. He also got some close up shots of me bent over the same armchair as guy after guy fucked me from behind.
I wasn't ashamed of any of the pictures. After all I had encouraged it and my behavior was indeed supremely slutty.
I caught some movement out of the corner of my eye and turned to see the prosecution lawyers huddling. There was a lot of nodding of heads and pointing to the screen of a laptop and then one of them turned to face the judge and said "Your honour, we have some extra evidence that we believe is critical to this case. May we introduce the new evidence?"
"You may." The judge replied curtly.
The screen went dark for a few seconds before a cable was plugged into the back of the laptop. The screen came to life and I gasped.
The video showed me sitting on the bench in the holding cell below the court. The black man walked over to me and handed me some money. I clearly heard him say "Will you count it for me?"
I took the money from him and started to count it. "Forty six dollars and thirty five cents" I said.
The video showed me pushing the money into the pocket on my skirt.
Next I heard him say "Is that enough to buy your pussy?"
I remembered my outrage at his comment but what I heard next was even more outrageous.
"Yes, that's plenty. More than enough." I heard myself say. I had a smile on my face when I said it.
I realized that the video had been doctored and it looked like I had just accepted money for sex. The remainder of the video only served to confirm that possibility. The next part of the video showed me on top of the table with a smile on my face as I stripped energetically for the guys. In the remainder of the video I was happily having sex with six black strangers in numerous positions. I doubt that there was a single second in that part of the video where I didn't have a cock either in my pussy or mouth or both.
When the video ended the judge looked at me and asked "What do you have to say for yourself?"
"The video has obviously been tampered with". I protested.
"The fact that you accepted money from one of these gentlemen and then engaged in multiple sex acts with him and others is undeniable". He replied.
"Yes but... It was under duress. It wasn't like that." I pleaded.
"Are you saying that this didn't happen." The judge asked. "Do we have her clothes up here?"
One of the guards held my clothes up.
"Please check her pockets." The judge ordered.
The guard reached into my skirt pocket and pulled out the money.
"Guard, please count the money and tell the court how much is there."
The guard counted the money and announced "Forty six dollars and thirty five cents your honour."
The judge turned to address me. "Young lady, I see no duress in this video. You were smiling when you removed your clothes and you didn't hesitate or protest when the sex began. You didn't object to anything that was done to you during sex. You participated eagerly and fully."
The judge banged his gavel and announced "Court will adjourn for deliberations. Would the prosecution please join me in my chambers? Take the accused below."
I was taken back down to the holding cell. This time I was the only occupant.
"Can I have my clothes back please?" I asked the guard.
"No. They've been taken into evidence." I was told.
I sat there naked for a half an hour or so. During that time there was a steady parade of guards and other people dropping by to look at me. I was determined not to give them a show and sat with my back to them.
The alarm and lights told us it was time to go back upstairs and again I found myself to be naked in a court full of fully clothed black people. The judge entered and sat down to look at his notes. He occasionally glanced up at me in all my naked glory and then went back to his notes.
Finally he spoke.
"Young lady, you are accused of being a black cock sucking cum drinking slut whore of the highest order. How do you plead?"
"Not guilty your honour." I replied meekly.
"We have sat through many hours of video in which you have been almost invariably naked and almost invariably the subject of attention of numerous men. With very few exceptions the men involved were black. We also saw you counting money, forty six dollars and thirty five cents I believe it was, and answering the question "Is that enough to buy your pussy?" with a smile and the words "Yes, that's plenty. More than enough." Immediately subsequent to speaking those words you joyously stripped off your clothes and willingly had sexual relations with multiple men."
He paused for a moment as if he was unsure what to say.
"Therefore." He continued. "I have no choice but to find to guilty as charged and sentence you to seven days hard labour. Take her below."
Again I was led downstairs to the holding cell as naked as the day I was born. I sat on the bench facing the wall until a few minutes later I heard footsteps behind me.
"Turn around." I recognized the judge's voice.
I reluctantly turned around to face the judge. He was stood before me naked from the waist down. He nodded at me and without even questioning what I was supposed to do I leaned forward and sucked him off.
When I had finished him off he cupped my left breast and gave it a gentle squeeze. He played with my nipple for a few moments and then said "Enjoy your week."
As he turned away he said "Let them in."
The guard opened the door and a line of black men filed in. I was nervous about the week to come but I knew that I was going to enjoy the evening.