My roommates and I had intended to have a small party that night, but more people showed up than we had planned on. One of those people was my ex-girlfriend, Mary. The night had gone well, and it hadn't been awkward having her there at all. It was a pretty standard party, some drinks, some laughs and good conversation into the early morning hours. When people began crashing and trying to find a place to sleep, it quickly became apparent that more people would be staying than was normal and some would be sleeping on the floor. People began to head out to their cars and bring in their sleeping gear.
"I put my stuff in your room," Mary told me, and I frowned. Don't worry," she said picking up on my reticence, "nothing will happen. I am on my period anyway."
I rejoined the party but I was distracted. I was also a bit drunk. My mind kept wandering back to Mary, and the fact that I knew she would be intending to sleep in my bed. I didn't want anything to happen, but we'd also always had strong sexual chemistry. While intercourse might be off the table, that didn't rule out other things. Thinking about that led be to think about sex we had while we were dating.
I thought about when we fucked doggie style in the middle of my living room floor. Then I thought about the time we left during the middle of a party and went up to my room to have sex. I thought about the time we fooled around in my bed when a husband and wife couple we were friends with had crashed on my bedroom floor. I thought about the first time we had sex after she had her nipples pierced. Then I thought about all the sexy text conversations we had had and all of the nude pictures we had exchanged, including some that her cousin had taken of her. We had definitely had fun and exciting sex life.
All of this reminiscing turned me on, and now I wanted to jerk off before bed. Not that that was a rare occurrence. I had been jerking off at least once a day since I had been single, usually twice. I had a fairly high libido. I had to talk to Mary and have her crash somewhere else so I could.
"You can do what you've gotta do," she told me when I broached the subject with her. "I don't want to sleep on the floor. Besides, I've seen it all before."
My heart jumped in my chest. She had seen it all before? So she was just going to be in my room, or was she intending to watch me? Probably not, I guessed, but the idea sent my arousal into overdrive. Suddenly I couldn't wait until everyone went to bed. The end of the party passed in a slow blur.
Mary was already in my bed when I went in. She was lying on her back, under the covers, looking down the length of my bed at the wall with my computer desk and the bedroom door. I closed and locked the door and sat down in my computer chair. Mary could probably see my monitor screen, but wouldn't have a view of me because of the tall back of my chair.
I opened a browser window, my heart pounding; I had never been so turned on just to masturbate before. I had never jerked off in front of anyone before either. My cock was rock hard and straining against my pants. I had an urgent and insistent desire to get started, but I also wanted to make this last. I could practically feel my ex-girlfriends gaze burning into my back from her vantage point on my bed behind me. I placed my hands on the keyboard and began to type in a website address.
I slid down my pants and underwear in one move, my hard cock springing up and ready for action. Then I took my lube out of a desk drawer, squeezed some into my left palm, and spread it over the length of my dick. The large purple head shone in the light of the monitor as slowly stroked the full length of my dick. I used my other hand to navigate webpages looking at different porn sites and videos. I stopped on a website devoted to thong panties and watched a tan, dark haired girl do a striptease.
"She's hot," Mary said from behind me.
My cock jumped in my hand. Mary was watching me. My whole body began to tingle. I didn't realize it was possible to become even more turned on. "Yeah she is," I replied, turning my chair slightly to give her a bit of a view of my hand stroking my dick.
I continued playing with myself now conscious that I was putting on a show. I was incredibly hard, and my attention to the naked girl was waning, instead concentrating on Mary watching me stroke my cock. I was a little light headed, my body was tingling all over, and my chest felt like it was simultaneously trying to explode and collapse in on itself. This was one of, if not the, most exciting sexual experiences of my life.
"That's hot too," Mary said.
I looked over to her lying on the bed, her eyes flicked up and met with mine for a moment and I nodded. Her gaze then locked back on my dick. Feeling bolder now that we had acknowledged each other, I turned my chair completely towards her giving her a full view of me, the porn forgotten. I watched her watch me for a while, which made the experience even more erotic. I was glad that I was in control of my stimulation as I wanted this to last a long time.
Mary's eyes would occasionally meet mine, and I think she saw how intense my arousal was. She would make eye contact for a moment, but then give me this almost shy look and then go back to watching me. I could understand that this experience might have been a little intense for her, but I was in the moment. I felt I was trying to show her the hardness of my cock and the completeness of my arousal with every stroke.
I don't know how long we had been watching each other, but I decided to peel off my shirt. To my surprise, Mary reached up and unbuttoned her pajama top. She pulled her top open and freed her amazing F cup tits. They were gorgeous and huge, her nipples completely hard, and I thought about all of the times I had licked and sucked those gorgeous nipples and played with those soft, wonderful boobs, especially the times when I was able to bury my stiff dick in between them.
I looked into her eyes and she smiled at me. I stood up, continuing to rub my dick for her. I began to slowly walk over to the bed. I was giving her a better view, but I was also giving myself a better view. I stood next to the bed, drinking in the sight of her breasts and continuing to jerk off. Neither of us said anything. We just continued to watch each other.
I wanted to be even closer though. I climbed up onto the bed and straddled Mary's stomach, now stroking off right over her boobs. It was a fantastic view, and suddenly I knew how I wanted to cum. I wanted to shoot my load all over those gorgeous tits. I increased the pace of my strokes, and still didn't say anything. I felt my orgasm begin to come close. My balls began to tighten up and each stroke began to feel better than the last. I pointed my cock down towards her boobs and looked into her eyes. Again, her eyes met mine, but she said nothing and quickly looked back at my cock.
This implied permission stripped away what little inhibition was left and I pushed forward to orgasm. When I began to cum, the feeling was incredible, but overwhelming. I leaned forward, using my right arm to brace myself against the headboard. My eyes closed involuntarily and I didn't see, but felt, shot after shot of hot cum blast out of my dick all over her.