A change of scene
Aurelia could not sleep that night. She was mystified by how contradictory her bodily urges had proven. Encountering Alex in the cave had disturbed her notions of her sexuality. She had good reason to be wary of men, and to respond to the overtures of sympathetic females.
Yet her feelings towards Alex had grown and now felt stronger than her previous attraction towards her own brother. She wondered whether it was Rachel's earlier attachment to Alex that had rendered him more attractive. He was certainly no alpha male. Perhaps that was his attraction?
She rose early on Thursday morning in a sunny mood, determined to get away from the camp and find out more about Alex.
She scribbled him a note and put it on the guests' notice board in Reception.
Hi Alex. I can't face the group today. Can we catch the bus into town and explore? Aurelia.
She went to her parents' chalet, guessing that they would be getting ready for breakfast. Her father opened the door to her knock. She flung her arms around him. "How are you daddy? It's a wonderful day."
He hugged her in return, glad that her mood from the previous evening had carried over to the new day. "We're nearly ready. Go and start with your breakfast. We'll join you in a few minutes.
When she left he knocked on the chalet next door. Simon opened it wearing a towel.
"Aurelia's acting strangely again. It's as if she's on a high. Could it be drugs? Can you snoop around her gang and find out?"

~*~*~

It was after breakfast. Aurelia had eaten early, and gone back to her room to change. The usual group of males and females were gathered a little way off outside the Reception area, effectively blocking the patio area, as Aurelia came out from the hotel Reception area. Her decision to dress up - or down - had led her to several lengthy changes of decision. Thoughts of Alex were causing her heart to pound. Her pussy was moist from the simple anticipation of a planned day alone with him, of which he was as yet unaware.
There was some pushing and shoving going on amongst some of the young men, which caused the onlookers to spread out and watch the entertainment. The air was filled with jeers, laughter and derisive catcalls.
Aurelia studied them all, and saw Alex standing a little way off beyond the group. He was as interested in the group's boisterousness as the other onlookers. He had not yet noticed her.
She adjusted her step as neared them all, placing one foot in front of the other as Rachel had shown her, to accentuate her hip movements. She was quickly spotted. The good-natured hubbub quickly died away as people spotted her in her stunning outfit. Even the malcontents sensed a change in the atmosphere and paused in their horseplay.
What had caught the group's attention was her outfit. She felt dozens of pairs of eyes staring at her, more keenly than usual. She knew why; she had chosen that ensemble deliberately as a statement: look at how I dress when I want.
This was a couple of years before the film, Grease. Yet her arrival on the scene that morning had more impact than Olivia Newton John's Sandy in her tight shiny pants. That cinematic image couldn't hold a candle to the impact of an unusually over-sexy Aurelia.
She had chosen clinging tan suede hot pants and a cream, cropped top with a ruched front. It clung around the moulds of her fine breasts and exposed her abdomen. Her bare legs were clad in contrasting light and mid-brown cowgirl boots. Her feet were already warming up, but she was prepared to suffer for effect.
Alex marvelled at her usual, almost effortless effect on the group. But he suspected that on this occasion she was deliberately drawing attention to herself. He could not yet guess why because her body was hidden by the group.
Her heart pounded as she reached them. The group opened out like the biblical parting of the waves to receive her in their midst. She walked through the opened gap towards the centre of the group - but then kept on going.
Alex saw the group gradually turn as she passed through between them. She saw his shoulders straighten and his face light up as he got his first sight of her body emerging from the group. Her heart was pounding like the beat of a timpani, but she controlled her body poise as she advanced on Alex at a deliberately sedate and seductive pace.
The group was now an engrossed backdrop to her stately progress with a pronounced swings of her hips, towards that awkward loner. Questioning eyes shifted to scrutinise Alex and ask themselves why he was attracting Aurelia's interest. Several alpha males feared that the moment had arrived which they had hoped would be theirs.
Aurelia's mood sky-rocketed with the elation of that seminal moment in the dynamics of the group. But when she reached Alex she merely took his hand and kissed him on the cheek.
"I've waited many, many days to make an entrance like that."
He stared at her astonishing outfit.
"You packed all that for a holiday - on the off-chance?"
She was pleased by his reaction. But she knew that the outfit was nothing more than a statement, one that she had not seriously intended making before that morning. It was a statement to the alpha males of the group that she had chosen her man, at least for the last couple of days of the holiday.
"Packed all this? Why not? A woman can fantasise. I had been saving some outfits for special occasions, which just didn't happen, until today. Believe me, there's more to come."
Having tossed out that extravagant phrase, she wondered how she could actually top that.
She turned to look back at the group, to gauge reactions, to savour the moment; and saw Simon striding his way through the throng. It again parted, to make a pathway for him, with a sulkily put-out Suki in tow. Many knew he was Aurelia's older brother and protector. They sensed a drama about to be played out.
Suki had dressed in a body-hugging outfit as well, but then she always tended to show off her goods for 'her man'.
Aurelia stared at her brother as he reached them and squared up to Alex. She took a deep breath, but he glared at her warningly. She guessed that he had been sent by their father to check up on her. She assessed his proprietorial attitude towards her, despite having his girlfriend by his side. Flashbacks to two unsatisfactory couplings between them made her shudder.
He made a point of stepping back pointedly and looking her outfit up and down. He gave her a fierce, questioning look then turned his head to stare at Alex. His inference was obvious.He is not worthy of your time and attention.
Aurelia could not guess at what her brother's problem with Alex was. Nor did she care. That morning was more than just the first day of the rest of her life. It was to be the start of a new way of life, where she did what she wanted, not what others wanted to control.
She shrugged her shoulders at him. He kept his body facing his sister but turned his head to address Alex. His body language seemed to Alex to be deliberately dismissive of this inferior competition.
"You're Alex? You're going off somewhere with Aurelia?"
Aurelia studied Alex's expression. She was pleased to see that his nonchalant pose. She suspected he was feeling anything but calm inside. Focusing on Simon again she sensed an anger inside her older brother. She guessed that his proprietorial attitude towards her body had a lot to do with that. In that moment she lost any residual respect for him. Her idol had shown himself to have feet of clay. His expression betrayed jealousy, a sentiment that Suki was studying bemusedly with arched eyebrows.
But the confrontation was over in a moment. Simon's face was frozen in a frown as he spoke to Alex. His words signalled defeat.
"I just wanted to check you out. Take good care of her and bring her back safely."
Suki moved up close to Simon and clung to his arm, string defiantly at Aurelia. Suki's glare had no effect on Aurelia. Suki was welcome to her handsome but diminished brother.
Her father's questioning of her over breakfast now made sense. The family had mistaken her changed mood as indicative of something dangerous. Of course they assumed it to be drugs. They simply could not recognise her happiness. Yes, that was it, she was happy for the first time in a long time. It wasn't a happiness based on romance, but a joyousness of burdens lifted from her shoulders.
She didn't care if anyone thought Alex unworthy of her company. She would not be cowed by their superficial judgements. She was proud to be seen with him. It didn't mean anything other than that she was no longer obliged always to be seen to be accompanied by an Adonis. She craved for the ordinary and the unexceptional. But she knew that deep inside him Alex was none of that. He had a special character which separated him from the generality of men.
Suddenly, her outfit felt over the top and too likely to draw more attention to her. Still, it had had the desired effect and she must live with her sartorial decision for the rest of the day.
She walked off with Alex, taking his arm. Alex deserved an explanation.
"He's my brother. He's very protective towards me. He usually doesn't bother to check on my whereabouts when I'm with friends, but when I mentioned to my father that we were going off on our own this morning, he felt it necessary to have Simon check you out.
"Do you have to seek his permission?"
"As I said, he's very protective, they both are."
"I'm not surprised. Having that stunning body on tap must have been a huge turn on for him."
She ignored that barb. She was trembling with the after-effects of the encounter with her brother. She had broken her bond with him. There would be no going back to her old life. And she was relieved that Alex appeared to understand.
They waited fifteen minutes for a bus on the road outside the camp, along with several other couples and noisy family groups. It was difficult to talk with so many prurient ears so close by, observing her outrageously, erotically clad body. A usual, Aurelia was the centre of attention. She wished that she had dressed differently.
The main town was not at all touristy. Such outlets were left to holiday centres and outlets catering to holidaymakers' specific needs. It was pretty, and well laid out, but most of all it had a feel of normality about it. It had touches of Anglo-Frenchness about it that made it distinctive from Britain.
Aurelia and Alex walked with an easy familiarity, talking about mostly inconsequential things. There were matters not being broached between them that hung at the peripheries of both their minds. Such as the encounter in the cave, their sex histories, Alex's fall-out with Rachel, and just where this mini fling might be leading, if anywhere?
They bought sandwiches and drinks for lunch and found a bench in the park to sit and talk. It was an intimate interlude in their day, of shared moments far removed from the melting pot of the holiday camp.
Now was the time for her to tell all in detail, and receive Alex's judgment and sentence. She had only mentioned her history in brief headlines before. Of course, he had been too polite to pry into more detail. But he deserved to know all.
"Rachel told me you're a virgin. I've had two encounters, but only with my brother, and it's not as it may seem. Will you hear me out?
Alex stared at her under brooding eyebrows. This opening had come as a shock. He thought she had only gone as far as handling her brother's cock; perhaps a small step too far for siblings. It would have explained why she had not wanted to have sex with him in the cave.
He listened intently as she told him of her teasing of Simon beside one of his customer's pools. As she continued she saw his face drain of all emotion.
When he asked softly, "Was that the only time?" she shook her head.
She then related the earlier incident of the assault on her, on her way home from her holiday job at the library, and of her trauma and its aftermath. She forced herself to look Alex full in the face at that point, to try and decipher his expression as she continued her story.
"We made love, without any protection. It was all my fault. I had tempted him with my body, but I so wanted his comforting arms around me. The sex was quite natural and enjoyable, but I didn't have an orgasm. I think we were too aware of what we were doing to really enjoy it. So the incident at the neighbour's pool was not the first. They were both with Simon."
She realised that she wanted Alex to see her as a flawed person, and not someone to put on a pedestal. She laughed nervously as she continued her explanations. "Other girls resent me for being the centre of men's attention. So I become isolated, in mixed crowds. That's why I get no comfort from that group of dorks at the camp.
"I told my father I was going out of the camp this morning. I mentioned you to him. He warned me off, of being left alone with you. He said no man could be trusted because I'm so perfect. He actually said that. Maybe he's right?"
Alex nodded his understanding, but then countered, "So, he sent Simon after you. The last person to send to tackle you about other men. Do you think your father knows?"
Her insides were churning with anxiety. She realised that she wanted Alex's understanding more than anyone else, including Rachel. She changed the subject.
"Would you have fucked me in the cave yesterday?"
She saw Alex wince at her coarse choice of words.
"I can't say what I might have done. I was stunned at just how gorgeous you looked in your bikini. You catching me naked was a shock. I would have done anything you asked, but I don't think I would ever have the courage to take you against your will, or anyone else for that matter."
Aurelia had wanted to probe his flaws. He seemed so virtuous, compared to her own behaviour. Of course he would never take her against her will. He hadn't taken Rachel's virginity when she was serving it up on a plate.
"Always the good catholic? It wouldn't take courage. You simply don't have an evil bone in your body."
"How can you be sure?"
She said that she understood him, his nobleness.
"But, Aurelia, I'm not on a par with you, or your brother. No sane woman would look twice at me."
Yes, that was precisely the point, although he was under-selling himself. Aurelia was certain that Alex was the sort of man she needed. He was grounded. He didn't have a high opinion of himself. He was intelligent and perceptive, and he was slow to judge, which was not a quality she had noticed much in other men.
She made light of his self-effacing words, though her stomach churned at how humble his tolerant presence was making her feel. She turned her focus to his sexuality.
"You might not be my idea of an Adonis, but you have a great cock and a very modestly sexy manner."
She was relieved that he laughed at her back-handed compliment. But his face became serious. She half suspected what was coming. She knew that she had admitted things that morning that contradicted earlier impressions she had given him.
"Your story is different from before. How much should I believe?"
She forced a smile that she didn't feel. "I trust you now, so I've told you the whole truth. I'm ashamed of what I did with my brother. I'm a weak woman but, I gather, not alone with my family experience."
"And your father?"
Of course, Alex would assume that. She was fair game for any rutting male.
"He never attacked me, if that's what you're thinking. He just wanted to catch me naked sometimes. Now, this conversation has gone far enough. Let's find the cinema. There must be one here."
She stood up and smoothed crumbs from her lap. She was wondering whether she had been too frank. What lasting impression would Alex have of her now? His hands on her body answered her fears. He was pretending to dust the crumbs from her front. She thrilled to his touch. She felt absolute relief at his intimate palming of her belly and skirt. She wanted him to know that she understood.
"Any excuse to grope me. Go ahead, brush down my top as well."
He chuckled and took her at her word. It took only a few perfunctory touches of his hands on her breasts to make her knees tremble. She saw him thinking it improper and made to pull his hands away. She leant in and kissed him, their first embrace. Her heart sang when she felt his hands slip to her bottom. She wanted to feel his closeness more than anything else at that moment. She pressed herself hard against his groin, hugging him to make it appear to any onlookers as consensual affection. She was rewarded with a growing bulge in his trousers. It comforted her, then prompted the thought of what were her own feelings towards him.

~*~*~

The Rex cinema was a charming relic of pre-war times. It was showing an early re-run of the original ofThe Wicker Manwith Edward Woodward. Alex looked keen. He asked her if she wanted to see it.
"I heard about it when it first came out. It's about sex and religion, isn't it? Wasn't it controversial for some reason?"
"Not really, it's just a mystery with an unexpected ending. Do you mind a bit of sex in a film?"
The auditorium was old, and filled with maroon furnishings and rippled vertically upholstered walls. There were few takers for the afternoon matinee so they had several rows around them to themselves.
Aurelia ignored the discomfort of the hard wooden padded hand-rest between them, which made hand holding awkward. She needed to clutch Alex's hand and feel close to him. When the Britt Ekland character did a nude dance in her bedroom to sounds of lovemaking going on behind the partition wall, Aurelia was reminded of her arousal at the sight of Rachel's bottom. It was a piquant reminder of her sexual dilemma. She slipped her hand onto Alex's crotch to check whether he, too was aroused. He was, and it comforted her. His hips stirred awkwardly at her touch.
As they left she wanted to talk about it. "The blonde had a very sexy bottom. I was quite turned on by her writhing hips. Were you?"
Alex snorted with mock derision. "Do you think those hips were real?"
"Of course, how could they fake that?"
This was of course in the days before CGI.
"Well, that bottom was real enough, but it was a body double. The way it was filmed, you just couldn't tell."
"If you saw a nude film of my rear would you know whether or not it was me?"
Alex chuckled. "I couldn't possibly be deceived. Your bottom is so perfect that I doubt they'd find anyone to stand in for you."
"Is it like Rachel's?"
"Rachel's is different, bigger -"
"Sexier?"
"I wouldn't say that."
"I would."
"When have you seen her bottom?"
This was Aurelia's last secret, but she wanted to reveal it now to Alex.
"We went to her chalet last week. She befriended me. We got on well together. So well, in fact, that I tried on some of her clothes. We were both naked. She even trimmed my pubic hairs. We had sex, well, femme to femme sex. I enjoyed it. It's left me wondering whether I'm lesbian. I thought you should know that."
Alex stopped walking, on hearing that bombshell. He turned to face her.
"Of all the things you've told me today, that is the most surprising. I'm not sure what to think. Are you saying that you prefer female bodies, or are you bisexual?"
"Who knows?"
He couldn't let the conversation end like that. He pulled Aurelia to him and kissed her passionately.
"Does that make you feel anything?"
"I like your kisses. You're so passionate, it makes my legs feel weak. And that bulging cock is an inspiration. Let's just see what happens."
She saw his face light up at that direct suggestion. That day with Alex was lifting so many loads from her shoulders. Whilst it hadn't given her many answers she felt freed from the burdens that had been mentally weighing her down.
She was so happy alone with Alex that she did not want to go back to the camp. They were late back as well, and had apparently missed dinner. Few diners were lingering over their meals in the restaurant and the tables were being cleared. Aurelia's waitress was an older woman, of a romantic disposition. She had admired Aurelia's exceptional beauty and grace and wondered whether she had any admirers. Seeing her with Alex thrilled the woman and she tut-tutted like a kindly scolding mother hen.
"You're a bit late my dears, but never mind. We staff have to eat after we've served the guests, but I daresay we can squeeze you both in on the table."
There was a long table on one side of the restaurant at right angles to the guest's round tables. It was occupied at mealtimes by yellow coat entertainers, and admin staff. It was re-used apparently after the campers' dining, for the restaurant waiting staffs' meals.
The food was a warmed-up feast to savour, for its sustenance for two apparent young lovers. Most of the staff were intrigued to see them together. It was rare to mix with campers like this. Alex sensed that even behind the scenes, Aurelia was something of a celebrity. As a receptionist commented, "There's often a group of older teens hanging around outside, Aurelia. But it has been a bit unusual this past two weeks, what with you being the centre of attention. How long have you two been together?"
A female yellow coat leant over with a wistful expression and a poor judge of timing.
"We see a lot of holiday romances, but it never amounts to anything afterwards. I know, I met a young man on holiday. Thought he was life's dream. We exchanged addresses, but he never replied to my letter."

~*~*~

Aurelia hadn't been looking for a holiday romance. In fact she had expected very little from the holiday. Still, the yellow coat's words unsettled her. Meeting Rachel and Alex had turned her world upside down, albeit in a positive way. All the past certainties had been swept away. The holiday had provided unexpected diversions that filled her with new optimism for the future.
The day in town with Alex, away from the holiday camp, had been something special for Aurelia. She determined to make the evening equally as noteworthy. The question was how to mark her new sense of enjoyment without giving too much away.
She wanted to maintain her boundaries. She knew that Alex had a room in the hotel, but she had not told him, or anyone else, that she had a room in the hotel as well. The last thing she had wanted was any man knocking on her bedroom door. Interestingly, nor had Alex asked where her room was.
What to wear?She studied her wardrobe of outfits she had brought, more in hope than expectation of finding an occasion to wear them. Her daytime hot pants and cowboy boots had been one such ensemble. But for tonight, she wanted something deliciously sexy to wow Alex.
She stood in front of her room mirror admiring her body in a clinging, silver minidress that showcased her amazing legs. It came with matching silver heels that made her legs look longer and sexier. The dress was remarkable for being light yet glittery, stretchy yet clinging. She felt her pussy warm at the sensation of wearing it against her naked body. The question was what underwear to accompany it?
It felt so good stepping down the hotel stairs in what amounted almost to a second skin. The dress would be warm against her skin in the already balmy heat, but she had to suffer for her art. Whilst the material clung to every part of her body, it shifted over her hips and bottom as she walked, caressing her curves erotically.
Alex was waiting outside with his back turned, a short distance from the Reception, a little apart from the usual group. Aurelia again walked through the throng which again parted as if choreographed to do so. He sensed a disturbance in the air and turned.
On anyone else that dress might have looked slutty, but with her supreme beauty and grace Aurelia managed to make it look classy.
She clasped Alex's arm. The couple went off hand in hand into the ballroom. Alex introduced her to his parents. His father's jaw dropped.at Aurelia's beauty and the shape of her body in that clinging, glittery dress.
She then took Alex over to meet her parents, murmuring pointedly to her father out of everyone else's earshot, "See, he isn't a drug running mafia king. Just an ordinary young man who treats me with respect."
Her father bid them sit and talk awhile. The family were charming and polite to Alex, who impressed them with his quiet dignity and conversational skills. Simon engrossed Aurelia in a deep conversation. She noticed too late out of the corner of her eye that her father was gesturing to Alex to follow him.
They were away for some time. When they returned her father glared at her. That made her uncomfortable and she signalled with her eyes for Alex to leave with her.
"I saw the look on my father's face just now. He didn't look happy. What did he say to you?"
Alex shrugged his shoulders. "It was weird. I think he suspects something though. He asked me to call him Derek, which felt like the prelude to a talking to by the father of the bride.
"He was convinced there was something not quite right going on between us. He said you had been behaving strangely in the past few days, out of character, unusually talkative and excitable. The inference was that you must be taking drugs of some sort. He accused me of saying or doing something to you.
"I told him that we had only started talking to each other a couple of days ago, and that you asked me to go into the town with you to get away from the gang of youths hanging around you in the camp. His face showed that he didn't believe me.
"He talked about your sensitive nature and you having been abused in the past. He didn't elaborate. Then he alluded to your relationship with your brother, which he said he thought was unhealthy. He inferred that there must be something untoward which has made you attach yourself to me. He more or less said that he needs to know where you are at all times, to ensure that you're safe."
Aurelia listened open-mouthed, and with irritation to Alex's report.
"The sooner I leave home and go to university, the better for me. I'm just as much under surveillance at home as when I'm surrounded by over-sexed young men outside.
"Let's dance, so I can give vent to my frustrations by doing something physical."
She didn't feel anger as much as exasperation with all the controlling people around her. She fulfilled her duty to her parents and danced with her father, inevitably forcing Alex to dance with her mother. They spent some time with both families, then escaped the ballroom as soon as felt decently possible.
The juvenile group outside had melted away. There were just a few girls who wanted to chat with Aurelia. She was polite and spent some time with them, conscious that Alex was hovering with no one to talk to. So she excused herself after a few minutes and took Alex's arm.
"Let's walk and talk some more. There's lots more I want to know about you."
Their stroll deep in conversation took them over the games field and through a gap in a tall hedge, onto the bowling green. Neither of them had been there before, since crown green bowls had the image of being an older persons' game.
There was a slight breeze that chilled her in her thin dress. She felt over dressed, or rather, inappropriately dressed for walking across grass in her silver heels. Darkness had begun to blot out the light, even obscuring the stars. Only a weak lamp attached to a shelter the other side of the bowling green shed any light on the area.
The breeze died and the warmth returned to the night air. But Aurelia realised with a sinking heart that the first spots of moisture from above heralded an imminent shower. She was holding Alex's hand, and derived considerable comfort from his grip. After her father's interrogations, it felt as if the two of them were up against a hostile or indifferent world. She was glad to have Alex beside her.
The rain spots were increasing in intensity now. She realised that it was going to rain. Her first thought was that her carefully blown-dry and styled hair was going to get soaked. Her next concern was for her silver minidress, that could get soaked and probably ruined. She turned to look back wistfully at the distant glow of the lights around the camp's centre. That way lay cover from the rain, if they ran and the rain held off. But she realised that she didn't want to go back there. Here, alone with Alex, she felt calm and serene.
Then the dark, brooding sky revealed its full intentions. The heavens opened. Intermittent spots turned in seconds into a torrential downpour. She shrieked with panic at her unexpected predicament. Within seconds her hair and body were dripping with water.
Alex, on the other hand, was laughing with glee at the warm rain.
"We're going to get soaked. There's nothing to be done, and we're getting wet regardless. Let's head for that shelter over there."
But Aurelia was encountering strange, alien feelings, of elation and release. She was not intimidated by the rain as she had expected. She held up her hands to welcome the deluge, for it brought with it an essential truth. There was nowhere else she wanted to be but in the middle of a field in the dark with Alex. She felt energised by the power of the rain. It might destroy her sparkly dress and her silver shoes but she didn't care. She felt alive and in command of her life. No one could nag her for poor decisions, or shepherd her away into a group to be the object of their admiration. In fact, who would admire her now with her bedraggled hair and sodden dress?
She turned and stared at Alex, hoping to share her exultation with him. She clung to him and shrieked with joy at the absurdity of the moment. She felt his erection pressing between her thighs. She pulled her head back to stare at him in astonishment. How could he be having sexy thoughts at a time like this?
Her hair was hanging across her face in clumps, water streaming down them and splashing on her shoulders. Other rivulets of water were gathering at creases and promontories of her body and dripping down her legs. She must have looked an absolute sight. Yet Alex was gazing at her like a besotted suitor who would never take no for an answer. His face showed only admiration for her.
She had to shout above the roar of the rain's onslaught. "You don't care how I look, do you?"
She pulled his head down to her level and pressed her forehead against his. They could hear each other, then, against the roar of the rain around them. Alex was smiling. His face was inches from hers and he could speak now without raising his voice. He cupped her ears with his hands to make it easier for her to hear his words. And he had quite a speech to make, whilst they were both drowned by the monsoon.
"Do people care how you look? An impossible question. You're a natural beauty. Once seen, I guess people will always want you to look like perfection personified. There's no getting away from that. It's what I first noticed about you. It's a unique sort of beauty that makes men want to put you on a pedestal; you know that. They expect you always to be beautiful, to feed their fantasies. It might even spoil it if you were all messed up... But that's their problem, their shallowness."
She felt the need to excuse her appearance. "I always want to look my best. But it doesn't matter now! Does it?"
She was thinking that they were now both equal.
He didn't care what she meant. He was just happy to be alive. He responded with a whoop of unremitting joy. He stepped back and pulled off his shirt and began an impromptu rain dance around her. He looked manically happy. She couldn't help herself laughing uncontrollably. She felt herself letting go of so much pent up emotion in that moment. She applauded Alex's crazy dance and let out a ululating cry as of a native American doing a rain dance. She was deliriously happy.
Alex stripped off the rest of his clothes, stumbling over his trousers half down his legs as he continued his frenetic dance around her. She stared at his frenziedly leaping and his swirling and swooping cock, that seemed to have a turgid life of its own. The sight of it gripped her with a sexual frenzy. Her hips began to tilt like a temptress. She shrieked with exhilaration at her mental release, and decided to strip off her tight dress. She had worn sensible knickers that would not spoil its line. She had not anticipated showing them to anyone that evening. Now, it no longer mattered. She pushed them off, exposing her naked lower body to Alex.
His eyes were like saucers and he whooped again with sheer delight at her near nakedness. He renewed his demented dance. Aurelia twisted her hips whilst she struggled with the back clasp of her bra. Alex came to her assistance and wrought his magic with his talented figures. The back strap released its stretch and the two sides sprung apart like an explosion of released tension.
Her insides shuddered with the naughty realisation that she had stripped naked for him. She watched his expression closely and was rewarded by a look of pure unalloyed joy. Her hips took on a life of their own as she shimmied and gyrated, whilst shaking her breasts to bestow them with a life of their own. Alex showed his appreciation by dancing up close as he moved around her, staring at her wet, glistening, shiny body in all its naked glory.
The thought struck her, what does it matter if I'm naked? The world should admire my shape, not be deprived of it, or at least the one man that deserves it.
Alex moved up behind her. She felt his hands slip under her arms from the back and clasp her breasts. Her belly did a somersault at that unexpected physical assault. It felt good though, as good as when Rachel had groped her breasts. She didn't break her step in her dance, but pushed her bottom out hard against his erection.
Her mind and body were swamped with a huge rush of pure ecstasy. As the rain continued to fall in torrents she thought:this is what life is for: gay abandonment of all restraints. She taunted his cock with her slick, wet bottom and her sinuous hips. Then she moved away from him so that she could demonstrate exotic hip movements and pussy thrusts that destroyed any image he might have had of her sense of propriety. She was demonstrating pure sexual allure, and inviting him to admire all of her physical secrets.
She guessed what her body must look like in the reflections from the distant lamp. The sense of his adoration and his febrile excitement at her nakedness made her howl like a she wolf.
She was so lost in the moment that she could not evade his hands from behind her again. He pulled her rear against his front and shoved his rock hard and bloated cock between her bottom cheeks. She had wanted to display her body to him. She had wanted him to adore her and lust after her. But this physical contact was not in the script. She paused and thought deeply about what she wanted and would allow. But the length of his shaft was pressed up tightly against her vulva from the rear. Her mind went back to her first scissoring session with Rachel and the sublime feelings that had engendered. Yet that was nothing to the sheer physical enormity of Alex's organ against her sex.
Her body chose for her. Her upper thighs clamped his cock shaft to imprison and hold it against her vulva. Her wet inner thighs pushed back and forwards against it, masturbating his trapped tool with her loins. She cared not, for the moment, how it felt to Alex. She had a hunger for his engorged shaft's physical monstrosity against her delicate feminine lady parts.
The position was not the most effective, but her mind was working overtime. Her pussy lips felt alive and electrified by the friction. She felt herself shudder from the combination of physical and mental stimulations.
Alex kissed the side of her neck with restrained tenderness. Her whole body tingled in response to that largesse. She wanted that intimacy, and more. She whirled round and seized his head in her hands, kissing him ferociously. She felt him collapse before her, dragging her body down onto the muddy swamp of the field, to fall on top of him. She could not help herself. She laughed uncontrollably, all of her inhibitions released by the frenzy of their coupling.
But then she felt his fingers pushing into her vagina. She looked at him, trying to gauge his intentions.
Her body stiffened under his finger's invasion of her most private place. Thoughts of her brother imposing himself upon her flooded back into her consciousness. She felt the emotion that had solidified her resolve not to allow a man to violate her again. She was determined to resist Alex's intrusion of her vagina.
He kissed her. That she didn't mind.
His fingers were penetrating her vagina feverishly. That felt like a gratuitous intrusion, until his thumb flicked her clitoris. It was as if a switch had been thrown. An electric charge zapped through her abdomen. Her resistance was instantly turned into acquiescence. Her body waited for the next assault. Would she like it or want to repel it?
His fingers were wreaking magic on her clitoris from below, perhaps as only a man could. It was not a sympathetic gesture, but a predatory assertion of authority. Her body wanted it. It craved for more of it. His hand was somehow penetrating her vagina with his fingers and simultaneously pushing up firmly against her clit. The sensations swirling around in her belly were unprecedented. She felt her body shuddering under the coaxing of his talented hands. Time seemed to slow down. She imagined that she could feel every pore of her skin reacting individually. The rain had stopped. Her back was drying. None of that was important, for she was truly living in the moment. Her whole body felt energised and alive.
She could not know that her mind had repressed sexual urges since puberty. Now it was telling her body to embrace her sexuality, to seize the moment and relish in her passion and lust. Her breasts rubbed against his chest, stimulating her already sensitive nipples. Everywhere her body seemed to be responding to his ministrations.
When he kissed her, the resulting neural charge shot right through her torso and caused her hips to squirm. They took on a life of their own, distanced from her mental control. He rolled her over onto her back in the puddled water and mud. She didn't care. He was transporting her away from the mortal world, into a wondrous cloud of arousal. Her hips pushed up intuitively from the muddy grass and rotated to synchronise with the friction of Alex's fingers against her vaginal wall. She felt what must have been the fleshy muscle between his thumb and forefinger pressing against her clitoris with unerring efficiency. It made her body shudder.
Then he was hovering on his hands between her thighs with his cock at her vaginal opening. Visions of Simon resurfaced, taking her almost against her will. She didn't want to revisit those memories again. She hadn't wanted a man to disturb her equilibrium. Yet here was kind, considerate but assertive Alex with his cock poised to breach her defences.
Her mind regained control of her automatic urges. She pushed up her hands against his shoulders and twisted her hips sideways.
"No, you can't do this!"
He raised his head to study her face. He didn't pull his body away. Instead, she again felt the press of his cock's head against her vaginal mouth. She held his shoulders at bay with the pressure of her hands. Her mind insisted that she must resist. She knew that Alex would not take her against her will. Her dilemma was written on her face for him to interpret and understand. With a supreme physical effort she pushed him upwards and sideways, just enough to roll his body off to the side.
If ever a man was to have her it would be on her terms.
She rolled on top of him with her teeth gritted by her intense, stoked passion as she roared in exultation, "I'm in control."

~*~*~

She grabbed his cock. She determined to enjoy this moment, of the declaration of sovereignty over her anatomy and her life.
She spoke with a feral, predatory tone in her voice. "This is my body. My sex is on my terms. I'm no man's fuck buddy. I'm claiming your cock for my plaything. I'm going to rub it raw with my pussy's muscles. I'm going to drive you mad with my lust."
She felt as if her loins were on fire. Her clitoris was throbbing with the pressure of blood, which made its surface prickle with a delightfully arousing sensation. She pushed his cock upwards against his lower belly as she manoeuvred her groin against his raised balls. She wanted to feel the underside of his throbbing manhood against her vulval cleft. It was her way of dictating her terms, her physical control over his sex. She shifted her hips to rub her cleft and clitoris against the underside of his vertical pole. Spasms of delight surged through her abdomen at this erectile stimulation. Every nerve and fibre in her body appeared to be focused on heightening her arousal.
She felt her breasts bounce with the upwards and downwards motion of her pubis against his shaft. She wanted him to admire her beautiful orbs, and to lust for her body, to beg for it to enshrine his cock. She saw his face pleading silently for her to consume him.
"Fuck me," he pleaded through his gritted teeth. "Take me and ride me like an avenging angel. Squeeze my cock with your vagina's grip. Milk me. Make me come"
She was energised even more by his eloquent pleading. He was without doubt the finest man she had ever met, both in character and empathy. He didn't deserve this teasing. But then the world was always telling her how beautiful she was. Just this once she would milk that adulation and revel in her selfish pursuit of ultimate domination and gratification. She could not hide her delight at her position. She wanted to relish these moments for posterity, in case she never again reached such heights of ecstasy again.
Then she lost concentration as she raised her hips. His cock tip slipped opportunely against her pussy opening. This could be the moment of final consummation. The swollen head of his cock felt enticing against her pussy aperture. She would take all of him now and realise her greatest personal triumph. Her mind had become temporarily unhinged by this cathartic situation. In that moment she lost the initiative.
With a violent upthrust of his hips Alex pushed his cock home, high up inside her. She had been cheated of her victory, not against Alex, but against men in general. She screamed and gritted her teeth and bucked her hips. But the truth was that her body was simultaneously experiencing the most sublime of sensations. His hands were pulling hers downwards to hold her body on his impaled shaft. Her core seemed filled with his engorged enormity. It was as if their bodies had fused into a synchronous whole. Cock in vagina was good, if the man deserved it. And no man merited her body more than Alex.
Mind and body coalesced in perfect sexual harmony. She raised her hips high and plunged down on his shaft, savouring the pleasurable pulses that the motion produced. She rose and plunged again, deliberately slowly at first, then gradually speeding up her momentum. His hips began to counter hers, pulling away as she raised her hips and thrusting upwards to meet them as they descended again. The impact on her body was surely unsurpassable. Every molecule of her being sung out with ultimate arousal as each of them united with the other to generate a most stupendous crescendo towards sheer ecstasy.
Alex turned both their bodies onto their sides, then her onto her back, without surrendering penile possession of her vagina. He took over the coitus and pumped her loins with all the power and strength of a man on fire with lust. She no longer cared that he dominated.
Her orgasm began deep in her belly, then spread outwards and downwards to meet the pulses rising from her clitoris. She growled with expectation of a supreme climax. Alex heard it and quickened his thrusts, encouraging her body to speed up and bring them both to a summit of sexual communion. She wanted to laugh with exultation, but her body took over and delivered a transcendental surge of emotion and physical gratification, and then a towering orgasm.
She felt Alex's body churning between her thighs as it responded to her peak yet continued to tease her clitoris. Then his hips lifted slightly so that the only contact she could now feel was from his turgid cock inside her and his pubic bone rubbing on her clitoris. There was no confusion of bodily touches now, only vaginal and clitoral stimulation. He was thrusting with an urgency that needed no assistance from her. She felt as if she was at the same time free yet totally engaged with his cock. Her orgasms kept on coming as he started his own ascent to his climax then pumped her insides full of his molten sperm. Her body persisted with its physical exultation and orgasmed again, and continued until his seed was spent and his hips ceased their motion.
He was stunned by the intensity of his first vaginal orgasm. He rested his weight on his hands and knees over her, with only the slight brushing of his legs against hers. He might have been poised mid press-up. He bent his head and kissed her gently, thankfully, and possibly with fervent love. She noted with surprise that she was experiencing a post-coital rejoicing at his tender lips on hers. He seemed to understand her elevated mental state because he rolled onto his side and pulled her body against his to hug her and caress the length of her exposed side. Then he rolled her back onto the ground and gently kissed her nipples and her breasts.
She thought to herself in awe,this must surely be the complete experience. She felt full of energy and emotion but bereft of thought, as she lay on her back on the mud and let her mind process what had just transpired. She could not realise then that what she had just encountered had not been just any simple fuck or love-making session, but a mental transformation. She would probably never again experience such a transforming physical event, but her mind and soul would be the better for that journey.
She let Alex coax her limp body on top of his. She liked that closeness and the tenderness with which he hugged her then roamed his hands over her back and bottom. She could sense his own waves of emotions. For her, the moment of passion and mental connection had passed.
She knew this encounter would not be the start of a passionate affair. But it would always be a crucial milestone in her discovery of her true self.
She kissed him, declaring, "You naughty boy. That was incredible. Thank you."
Then her mind returned to the present. "Look, it's stopped raining."
"Are you cross with me?"
She gave him her most dazzling smile.. "No. Never. That was perfect. You're a good lover."
"You're my first. Do you regret it?"
She cocked her head sideways and considered that question. When she replied she spoke softly. "Not now. I didn't think I would allow any man to ravage me."
"You mean that no man is worthy?"
"No, not that. I didn't think that any man could care enough about me to ignore my body and look into my soul."
"And....?"
She gazed down on him. She sensed that he wasn't looking for compliments, but for context. What did this mean for her?
"We had a lovely day together. I never felt at any moment that you were flirting with me. Everything felt natural. In some ways, it was a perfect day; relaxed, undemanding, flowing seamlessly from one pleasant interlude to the next."
"Even the Wicker Man?"
She chuckled. "Perhaps that was a weird indulgence."
"And tomorrow?"
Her recent thought came back to haunt her. She would have to discourage him from making assumptions about their future. "I'm committed tomorrow, in the daytime - with a friend. Maybe I'll come and find you in the evening."
"Are you going out of the camp?"
"Yes, but I can't say where or with whom. So this may be our last time together on this holiday. It's been a very strange fortnight, mostly frightful, but coming together in the end."
"I'm sorry to hear that. I will keenly feel your absence tomorrow. Shall I see you after?"
She had to explain, that she would be going to university in Paris, to the Sorbonne, which made any relationship impossible.
He seemed to take that news well. "Let's go for a skinny dip, to rinse the mud off our bodies."
A warm breeze had sprung up, cooling her body in the humid atmosphere. She let him take her hand, both still naked, he carrying both their clothes in his free hand, as they strolled in the moonlight towards the cliff path. The clouds had cleared. Their way was illuminated by the soft glow of the moon in its first quarter
The beach was deserted. No doubt on other nights, others might have had a similar idea, but the rain would have discouraged such romantic or randy impulses that night.
The sand was cold and compacted underfoot. But the calm sea was warm and gentle. She swam with a light heart, trod water, let him embrace her, and generally let the night take its random course. She floated on her back beside him, holding his hand and gazing up at the stars.
He pointed out an astronomical feature. "Somewhere up there is the Heart Nebula. It looks like two swooping wings and resembles the shape of a heart."
Aurelia felt a pang, even regret that she had chosen to study in France to cut her off from her friends and family. Escape had seemed a necessary act to change her life. But now, it would forestall something that might have been exciting.
"I don't need to look up at the stars to feel romantic. Can we stay in this timeless space forever?"
They both knew that was not possible.
Their feet touched the bottom and they clasped their bodies together. She felt his new erection grow at their skin to skin contact. She threw her had back and let him kiss her neck, ears, cheek then lips. His hands gently massaged her breasts beneath the surface of the water. Their bodies bobbed up and down with the gentle surges of the tide. It was almost unnoticeable at first when his erection forced its way into her vagina anew. She clung to him as he thrust upwards inside her and the water splashed and surged around them. Sex in the water had an added potency, and she felt a gentle orgasm wash through her body as he climaxed and pumped more sperm inside her.

~*~*~

They strolled up the cliff path, hand in hand, relishing their closeness and silence. It was a rare occasion when words seemed superfluous. They dressed in their damp, muddied clothes at the top of the cliff path. They headed automatically towards the hotel. Alex stopped and turned to her outside the door to Reception.
"This is where we part company, my room's upstairs."
She knew that, of course. "So's mine, I moved into an empty room up that other staircase, to give my brother space with his girlfriend."
Her mind raised the inconvenient thought,what if we had both known of that at the start of the week, how different it might have been?

~*~*~