©2023 by DonnerBBQ. All rights reserved. All characters are 18 years of age or older. This story is entirely fictional and intended for the entertainment of adults only. It could be classified as erotic horror rather than E & V, but I decided that E & V was a better fit. Feedback welcome and appreciated.
** Ryan **
Ryan Stone met his fiancee, Kacey, in college. They were both nerds, and admitted it freely. Ryan looked like a nerd, thin, no-build, glasses. No pocket-protector, but who uses those these days anyway? In contrast to him, Kacey did not look anything like a nerd. Not even the hot librarian type. No, she was more the athletic beauty who just happened to have a brain geared for numbers and logic. She was stunning, with medium length brunette hair and a tight body that had been honed through years of running and rock climbing.
Kacey had told Ryan about the many times that guys had approached her and started talking with her. When they found out that she was studying math they often...laughed. Maybe they thought she was joking, but she found it pretty insulting and an obvious turn-off. Maybe that's why Ryan and Kacey hit it off. Maybe Ryan should be thanking those assholes.
They met as juniors in college, moved in together for their senior year and got engaged near the end of that. There was no wedding planned yet. There was no rush. It would happen when it felt right, or when the tax benefits compelled them. They were just enjoying life together while pursuing their graduate degrees, with Ryan's in electrical engineering and Kacey's in math.
Socially, graduate school was a change from undergrad. As an undergrad, you interacted with people from all sorts of disciplines as engineers still had to take some humanities courses, and humanities majors still had to take math. In the later years there was less cross-disciplinary interaction as courses became more specialized, but at that point, people already had their circles of friends.
Grad school, that was different, as you were suddenly thrown into a cohort of people with similar educational backgrounds and interests, and you all took the same classes. Of course, Kacey and Ryan were in different programs, but that was okay. Often times, she would go out and have a few drinks with her friends at the end of the day while Ryan would do the same. Sometimes Ryan would join her with her friends or she'd join Ryan with his. But more often, they kept to their own groups to not interfere with that bonding and camaraderie. Besides, Ryan sometimes found it to be uncomfortable hanging out with her friends as they playfully flirted with her, even with Ryan right there. He trusted her completely and they kept their flirting respectful and good-natured, but it was clear that if she wasn't in a relationship that there would have been a lot of interest in starting one.
The first time Ryan heard about the Derry House was after Kacey had been out at one of these happy hours with her friends. She came home and told him that she knew a way that she could make some extra money. As graduate students, they weren't rich. They both received stipends to serve as teaching assistants, but those seemed designed to provide just enough money to live on, and no more. So they were always on the lookout for opportunities to make some extra dough. Shoveling snow, tutoring, meal delivery, you name it.
"So, a couple of years ago, Ben inherited this house up in Derry. It was his grandmother's house, and according to local lore, haunted. Apparently the previous owners died in a murder-suicide, so everyone decided that it was haunted," Kacey explained.
Ryan couldn't not laugh. "Haunted? So his grandmother just lived happily with tormented ghosts from a murder-suicide. Okay."
"I know, it sounds dumb, but apparently it is even on some lists of the Top 10 haunted places in the US. Anyway, Ben thought about selling, but decided to hold on to it for a while, at least until the market improved. And then he got some idea that he could make some money off it. He didn't want to deal with renting it out, so he decided that he would have people stay there overnight and live-stream them. Turns out, people were into watching that sort of thing, hoping to see a ghost, or if nothing else, see someone be scared, creeping around a house."
"Okay, so you said something about money?"
"Yeah, so now he pays people to stay there for a weekend. I would just have to go there, stay overnight a couple of nights, and allow him to live-stream the experience. And for that, I'll get $500, plus a bonus depending on viewership."
Ryan was dubious. "And so while you're there, they'll make scary noises to try to spook you and make you look like an ass?"
"No, Ben promised that it was all legit. He never fakes anything."
"Or maybe he just wants to live-stream you showering?"
Kacey smiled, knowing that Ryan was looking for ulterior motives. "No, I talked to him about that. I told him I wasn't looking to be any kind of cam girl. But he told me that there was a half-bath downstairs with no cameras, so I could use that one for changing. He did say that almost everywhere else in the house there were cameras, but it was only two nights so I could just forego bathing. That's what everyone else has done."
"So you just have to stay there for two nights, get some studying in, and make $500 bucks. No catch?"
"I don't think so. Oh, I do have to do a pre-stay interview, to help entice people to watch, and a post-stay interview. But yeah, it sounds like easy money."
Kacey agreed to do it. Over the coming days Ryan learned a bit more about Ben's event. It turned out that Kacey would be the seventh participant. Of the six prior participants, four were women and two were men. Not surprisingly, the women were always watched more than the men. It also became clear that Ben was trying to tilt things in that direction, as the last three participants were all attractive women. The most streamed, and the most watched recap episodes were ones with Tina, an adorable blond who walked around at night in a loose nightshirt, sans bra, and panties. She never flashed her tits or anything, but she was sexy as she crept around the house and peeped out little screams when noises surprised her.
As for the ghost, or ghosts, Ryan never saw anything that looked suspicious. The house tended to creak as old houses do, so participants did often look scared but Ryan considered that to be a normal reaction to being in an unfamiliar place with unfamiliar sounds, especially when the place is allegedly haunted.
The rules were simple enough. Kacey had to stay at the house alone from Friday evening until Sunday morning. She couldn't bring any electronic devices, including a cell phone. She could bring all of the reading material and homework that she desired, but nothing electronic. Ben hired security to monitor the perimeter in case any of the viewers got a bright idea to go to the house to visit the participant. And of course, Kacey would have to sign a bunch of legal documents to indicate that she acknowledged risks, would hold harmless, and release all rights to the LLC that Ben set up.
There were four primary cameras in the main living areas of the house. Even guests could watch these cameras for free. Then there were twenty other cameras placed around the house for a more submersive experience, and accessible only to a paying audience. As Ben indicated, the cameras covered the entirety of the house, save for the half-bath on the first floor.
Kacey did her homework as well. She watched the interviews and the prior recap videos that Ben put together for each participant. She also researched the house. There were a lot of rumors, people saying they saw shadows in windows or heard the sound of a body being dragged across a wooden floor. But nobody had been hurt in the house since the murder-suicide back in 1985, and Ben's grandparents lived there a long time, apparently without incident. Besides, ghosts? Really?
Ben conducted Kacey's interview and posted it on his site. Ryan found it to be okay. Ben asked her if she was afraid of ghosts, or had any supernatural experiences in her past. She answered honestly that she hadn't and said that she just didn't believe in that stuff. He also asked her general questions about hobbies, interests, those sorts of things. To Ryan, as someone who knew her, it was boring, but the interview demonstrated her personality well. And she was photogenic, which was largely the point.
Kacey's excitement grew as the weekend neared. For her, it was an adventure, something fun to do. She acknowledged to Ryan that it might be a little creepy being in the strange house alone, but she wasn't afraid. But she did think about the promised bonus, and thought about how she could beat Tina's viewership. That seemed to be her goal. Beat Tina.
"So, what are you going to do, walk around in your panties like Tina?" Ryan asked one night as they were readying for bed.
"I don't know yet, maybe," Kacey replied with a smile. She peeled off her pants and modeled her pantie-butt for Ryan. "It looks okay, doesn't it?" she asked.
"Oh, yeah, it looks great. But you wouldn't mind the whole internet seeing you in panties, including all of your classmates?"
"Oh, I didn't really think about them. But, whatever. It's not any different than being seen in a swimsuit. Would it bother you?"
"Hey, it's your body. If you wanted to strip naked for a few hundred bucks I'm not going to tell you that you can't do it. It's your body."
"I know it's my decision. But would it bother you?" she probed.
Ryan paused and thought about it as he stripped off his own clothes for bed. The truth was that he didn't know. He recalled Tina's video, and tried to imagine how he would feel if that were Kacey instead of Tina, with all of these guys watching Kacey's delectable panty-covered butt walking down a hall. Or watching her wearing some thin nightshirt, begging to get a glimpse down her shirt. Or hoping that she might just take it off and let everyone see her boobs. Ryan involuntarily got hard, and Kacey noticed.
"Oh, really. You like the thought of me prancing around like Tina?"
"Well, I was just thinking about Tina's video..."
Ryan was interrupted by a forceful scowl emanating from Kacey's face. He chuckled.
"No, I wasn't thinking about Tina, herself, I was thinking about her video, and imagining you doing the same things. How would I feel? And okay, it would be sexy to see you walking around like that. I don't think that I really care that some guys that we don't know on the other side of the country, or other side of the planet for that matter, might be seeing your hot body. But people we know will be watching too, most notably, your classmates. You can't tell me that Mike, and Carson, and Alejandro, and Brett, and Ben wouldn't all watch hoping to see you wearing that kind of skimpy clothing. They can't stop flirting with you even when I'm there."
Kacey smiled, and started rubbing his still-firm cock through his underwear. "Yeah, they flirt. I don't mind. Sometimes I even flirt back. It's just for fun. They know we're engaged and that I'm madly in love with you."
Ryan didn't respond right away as he was enjoying her hands as they slid underneath his shorts and pulled him out. After a few more strokes Ryan finally asked, "So does that mean that you wouldn't mind letting them see you nearly-naked?"
"I don't think it would be a big deal. It might even be kinda funny afterwards. I can tease them about it. There was one night when I wasn't wearing a bra and Carson kept staring at my boobs so I stood up and shook them at him just to embarrass him. It worked, he turned bright red." she replied with a smile, before continuing. "Another time, I was working on a homework set with Brett, Ben, and Mike, and I was standing sideways at a whiteboard working out a proof and I stretched upwards, causing my shirt to lift up a couple of inches to about my navel. I heard Brett gasp, which I thought was kind of a ridiculous reaction to just seeing part of my tummy. So I started easing my shirt up, acting like I was going to flash my boobies, and they just stared. If they can't keep their mind off my body, I might as well have fun with it."
Ryan was a bit stunned. He knew they flirted but didn't realize that she teased them back, at least not so overtly. He couldn't help imagine her pretending that she was going to flash the guys, or how amazing her boobs would have looked as she shook them braless in a shirt. When she pretended to flash, how high did she lift her shirt? What else had she done to 'have fun with it.' He snapped himself back to the conversation and replied, "Well, look, if teasing them a little keeps the mood fun and it doesn't bother you then it doesn't bother me. It's your body, and your friends."
He was being supportive. He wasn't sure how he really felt about her teasing them. He didn't feel jealous or threatened in any way. He trusted her. But he did feel something when he imagined these guys seeing her flat stomach as she raised her shirt, praying that she would keep going and let them all see her boobs. What if she raised it just high enough to let them see the bottom of her breasts? What if she didn't account for the angle of vision, with them sitting while she stood, and she actually raised it higher than she thought and let them get a peek at her nipples? What if she would have kept going and completed the flash, letting these classmates of hers all get a good look at her tits?
Friday came, and after they ate dinner, she took off for Derry. Ryan paid the $9.99 to have full access to all of the cameras, and then he waited for her to arrive. She would need to leave her phone in the car and hand over the keys to Ben before entering the house, but she called Ryan one last time as she was about to pull into the driveway.
"Alright, I'm here."
"Okay, well, stay safe, don't get too scared, and get some studying done."
"I will. I'm not afraid of some creaking pipes and floors. I'll call you in, what, 36 hours?"
"Sounds great, love you."
"Love you, too."
Ryan hung up and started watching from his computer.
** Carson and Brett **
Carson and Brett were roommates, having met when they were both visiting the math department during their senior year. They were both a bit awkward and neither had a girlfriend. But they had eyes for Kacey. They knew that she was taken, but it was difficult to not fall in love with her anyway. She was gorgeous, she had a killer body, she was fit, she had a playful personality, and she was smart. To Carson and Brett, she was the ideal woman. A ten on Mike Matthews' finger scale. They would have done anything to trade places with Ryan and have Kacey as their girlfriend.
They were looking forward to this weekend. Kacey was staying at the Derry House, and they would be watching. And recording whenever anything remotely interesting happened. They didn't expect her to strip for the world to see, but they were not going to miss any opportunity to watch and record her, regardless of how much skin she showed.
** Kacey **
Kacey grabbed her suitcase and backpack from the trunk and locked the doors. She spied Ben as she walked up towards the house.
"There she is. Ready for your adventure?"
"Yeah, I'm ready. You promise you're not going to do anything to try to scare me while I'm here, right?"
"Absolutely. No gimmicks. Your keys?"
With a playful pout, Kacey dropped her keys into his outstretched hand.
"And you didn't bring anything electronic, right?"
"Nope."
"Okay, just remember that I, or one of my partners, will always be monitoring the cameras. And there will be security outside in case you happen to get hurt or need any assistance. But as you know, if you leave the house for any reason besides a medical emergency, you will forfeit all money, so you'll want to avoid doing so."
Kacey nodded. She knew the rules, but didn't mind hearing his reminder. She knew the intent was to make people feel alone and isolated in the dark and spooky house. It made sense to provide a strong incentive to remain in the house when there were other human beings just outside.
"Okay, Kacey, head on up the stairs. The door is unlocked. I'll be here when you exit on Sunday at 9 AM."
"Thanks, Ben," she replied.
Kacey acted like this was all nothing to her. Like she wasn't scared at all. She was just being paid to stay in a house for a couple of nights. No big deal. The truth was, it did scare her. Not the story about ghosts. When people die, they die. Maybe their souls move on to some afterlife, good or bad, or maybe their souls just fade away like smoke into the sky. But why would they hang around on Earth once their bodies were mere piles of decaying organic matter? It just didn't make sense.
But she was scared. Kacey never liked staying in an otherwise empty house or apartment. It was always too quiet. Even if the other person or persons were sleeping or not making any sounds, their presence could still be felt. Maybe they were just the smallest noises that you didn't even consciously hear them make, or maybe it was some other electric energy emitted by their beings, but somehow you could feel them. Whenever she was alone, truly alone, that presence disappeared. Even putting on the TV or radio wouldn't expunge the emptiness.
Kacey wasn't sure what she was thinking when she agreed, enthusiastically even, to spend two nights in the Derry House. It would be deathly quiet. And she would be alone, unable to even call Ryan or a friend to ease the loneliness.
She climbed the stairs to the front door, turned the handle, and let herself in. She exhaled a long breath as she closed the door behind her, knowing that she would be essentially trapped inside, alone, for the next 36 hours.
Kacey explored the house. It was different seeing the layout in person. It was interesting to see exactly where the cameras were located, although their positions hadn't changed over the last few episodes. They were everywhere. Some of them were positioned on tripods, some were mounted on walls. The cameras could be controlled remotely to swivel and zoom in and out, so there would just be no privacy in the house. Except, of course, for that half-bath. Kacey confirmed that there were no cameras in there, not even hidden ones as best as she could tell.
It was not a large house. Two floors, but maybe 1500 square feet. If that. The living room, dining room and kitchen were downstairs. Upstairs just had two bedrooms. There was a basement and an attic, but Kacey had no intent of going into either of those spaces.
The other noticeable thing was that there were no TVs or radios in the house. That was a change. At least in one of the episodes Kacey remembered seeing a participant watching a TV in the living room. It had since been removed. She was thankful that she brought along plenty of reading and homework to keep herself occupied.
Kacey spent about an hour studying, or at least trying to, before closing her books. The quiet was too distracting. It was an odd feeling, of being so alone and yet knowing that there were hundreds or even thousands of eyes watching your every move. Solitude, but no privacy.
She couldn't help but think about the guys from school watching. They had to be wondering if Kacey was going to be more like Tina, prancing around in her panties, or more like Kelly, who wore sweat pants and a thick long sleeve t-shirt the entire time. She knew they'd prefer a repeat of Tina to a repeat of Kelly. The truth is, Kacey had thought a lot about it. She wanted to beat Tina in viewership. She had always been competitive, and although this wasn't a competition, she turned it into one. Somehow, it made it more fun and challenging when she had someone to beat. Besides, she wanted people to see her as daring and fearless. And she wanted to be able to tease the guys from school about it on Monday. She would be able to embarrass them by asking them about seeing her in some revealing outfit. Hopefully it would make going through this experience well worth it. The money helped too.
It was only 11 PM, and Kacey wouldn't normally go to bed so early, but these weren't normal circumstances. She sat down in front of the living room camera and talked to her audience.
"So, I'm about to go to bed. I haven't seen any ghosts or goblins or boogeymen lurking, so good for me but bad for you. Anyway, goodnight my twisted audience. If nothing kills me overnight, I'll talk to you in the morning."
With that, she headed up the stairs to the master bedroom, home to three cameras. She left the bedroom door ajar and turned off the light. Floor night-lights throughout the house provided enough ambient light to see furniture and doorways and stairs. She was thankful that they didn't force her to sleep in complete darkness. She doubted that was from kindness. Even though they had infrared, the extra light likely helped the cameras provide better pictures for the paying public.
To beat Tina, she needed to tease her audience. Kacey had thought a lot about how to best do it. Sure, she could wear her bra and panties to bed and let everyone see her whenever she used the bathroom, but something about that felt too obvious. She had a better idea.
Kacey took off her shoes and socks and climbed into bed, fully clothed. After covering herself with a thick white comfortable, she got undressed. She pulled off her shirt and peeled off her jeans, all while hidden beneath the comforter. She reached out to deposit the items on the nightstand, knowing that her audience would see that she had taken off those items. Then, while remaining covered, she unsnapped her bra and slid off her panties. Again, Kacey reached her arm out to place the underwear on the nightstand, ensuring that the audience knew that she was nude.
Kacey always slept nude, so she figured that she would do the same here. She could remain covered by the blankets and nobody would see anything. That would at least be her defense.
Lying naked on a bed, even under covers, with three cameras pointed at her was exciting. Everyone watching knew that she was completely naked. All the guys from school assuredly had their eyes glued to their screens, hoping that she might suddenly jump out of bed and provide them all a visual treat. That was not the plan. She just wanted to tease them. She didn't want to flash the world.
Instead, Kacey rested in bed, involuntarily listening to the sounds of the old house. There were ticks, and creaks, and even pops, but nothing out of the ordinary for an old house. She rolled to sleep on her side, letting her upper back become uncovered. Just enough skin to keep people watching.
She didn't sleep well. Hell, she was probably awake more than asleep. Every time that she woke up she had to remind herself where she was. And then she thought about the position of the blanket and whether her boobies and butt were still covered. Sometimes she twisted to let the blanket ease down a bit further. Sometimes she pulled it up. At one point the blanket slid all the way down to let the very top of her butt be seen as she slept on her stomach. It would only take a minor repositioning while sleeping to have the blanket slide further down, exposing her toned butt. Or, maybe she would flip over and expose her boobs to the audience. It felt daring to be so close to being naked in front of the audience, which surely included the guys from school. And it felt daring to leave it all up to chance, up to the random flipping and flopping of a sleeping body, whether her most private parts would be exposed.
Kacey was relieved when she woke in the morning. First, there had been no strange noises, no surprises of any kind. She had survived one night alone in the house. And second, the blanket was still covering her nudity. She couldn't know whether something might have been exposed during the middle of the night, but as far as she was aware, her modesty had been preserved.
** Ryan **
Ryan didn't sleep at all. How could he, with his fiancee lying naked underneath a blanket and cameras pointed at her. His eyes were glued to his monitor waiting for that one wrong roll or long stretch when his fiancee's nude body would be exposed to the internet. These guys from her school that playfully flirted with her and undoubtedly desired her would be treated to the sight of her naked body, and would have the video to play again and again.
Ryan didn't understand why she chose to sleep in the nude. Yes, she always did that at home and he never complained. But he figured that she'd use better judgement and not sleep in the nude when there were cameras pointed at her. Maybe she did it to try to get more views than Tina. Maybe she did it to tease her friends. He was just shocked and amazed that she did it at all.
He was thankful that she survived the night without exposing herself too much. At the same time, he did find it arousing. Maybe it was because her naked back looked sexy as she slept. Maybe it was because it was risky, leaving herself vulnerable to the unconscious stirrings that could have exposed her. Maybe it was because her friends were surely watching, and they would have wanted more than anything for that blanket to slip off of her body. Even as it was, they got a few good peeks at her. For a while, part of her butt was showing and at one point, when she rolled over, the side of her breast could be seen. It was brief and it was only the side, but he was sure her friends enjoyed the view.
Ryan watched her as she carefully got dressed underneath the covers and then hopped out of bed. When she started making breakfast, he went to bed. The risk of exposure seemed to be over, at least for the moment.
** Carson and Brett **
Carson and Brett had barely said a word to each other all night long as they stared at their respective laptop screens. She was naked underneath those covers. Completely naked. They were always just a roll or a twitch away from seeing her glorious body. One stretch, one moment of feeling too hot and kicking off the covers, one catch of the blanket on her feet. That's all it would have taken and their dreams of seeing her nude would have come true. And now that she was dressed, they couldn't believe that somehow, through the many hours in bed, her body had remained concealed. It wasn't fair. One moment of luck wasn't too much to ask for.
It wasn't like it was a complete bust, however. They did enjoy capturing her naked back, and even some glimpses of the sides of her tits. They had already watched their recordings several times, hoping for a hint of a nipple, but there was none. Still, they had video that showed the side of one of her boobs, and they were glad to have gotten that.
Brett had often bemoaned not capturing a cell-phone video of that time that she raised her shirt, pretending that she was going to flash them. He would have watched it over and over again, her slowly lifting her shirt with that seductive smile, higher and higher until the bottoms of her breasts peeked out. He had hoped and prayed that she would raise it just an inch higher, or maybe two inches higher, or maybe even all the way up to her neck to show him her glorious tits. But she stopped. Maybe he didn't need a video. He had replayed it in his mind so many times that he would never forget a single detail.
** Kacey **
Kacey sat down in the living room and spoke towards the camera.
"Well, I seem to have survived the night. No ghosts attacked me. I can't say that I slept too well, with this being an unfamiliar place. The house does make a lot of odd noises, but I didn't hear anything that sounded threatening. So, I'm going to get some studying done, and I'll talk to you guys a little later."
Kacey spent some time studying. It remained difficult. The house was so quiet that every little vibration sounded like a demonic symphony. A floorboard expands a nanometer, causing the wood to grind against severals nails, inducing the simultaneous sounds of scraping, grinding and metallic ringing. All from the tiniest of natural movements. And these sorts of movements seemed to be happening all of the time. The only other noises, besides those that she made, were from the periodic remote control of cameras, constant reminders that a sea of eyes were watching her every move. Studying in a fishbowl was more distracting than she imagined.
Unable to study more, the boredom was torturous. Maybe that was too extreme, but it wasn't pleasant. She roamed the house, searching for interesting things to look at. An antique grandfather clock that no longer ran may have been valuable had it not had chips and scratches throughout its wood frame. The linoleum flooring in the kitchen was comically out of date but fit in well with the time-stained window treatments. The hardwood floors that ran through most of the house had split and separated from years of freeze-thaw cycles. There was nothing in the house that looked like it had been updated in decades.
Being bored gave Kacey time to think. She thought about her relationship with Ryan. She knew that they were an odd pairing. She had some friends that thought she could do better, but they were just judging him on his looks. If they knew how sweet and caring he was, they would be jealous. They can have the buff assholes that will turn into drunk wife-beaters after a couple years of marriage. She was happy to have found Ryan.
Kacey also thought about her night and how she figured she was doing at beating Tina. It was a good start, but she would need to up the ante to ensure Tina's downfall. Thinking about rolling around underneath the blanket with cameras on her got her juices flowing, and made her think about what else she could do, what else she would dare to do. As she told Ben, she didn't want to be some kind of cam girl, stripping for dollars. She wasn't going to prance around naked for the world to see. But risking unintended exposure was in some kind of grey area.
It was time for a cool shower. It was either that or she was going to sit down in front of a camera and just blatantly rub one out. That would get some attention. She opted for the shower. The only shower had cameras pointed at it, but she came prepared. She walked into the half-bath, changed into a swimsuit, and then headed upstairs to bathe.
There were two cameras in the bathroom, both mounted on walls opposite the shower and pointed straight at it. The glass slider that lived on gold rails would provide almost no privacy. If you showered naked, you would be seen naked. Thankfully, she would not be naked.
The water from the shower felt good. She intended it to be a cool shower to help suppress her libido, but she couldn't bring herself to follow through. The warm water felt better, and she didn't mind remaining in a state of arousal. It felt good as her fingers ran up and down her legs and arms. It felt good as her fingers slipped inside the bikini tops and grazed her erect nipples. And it certainly felt good as she washed underneath her bikini bottoms, as her fingers stroked her clit and labia several times. It took strong will-power to extract her hand before she could climax.
After her shower, she returned to the half-bath to change into some fresh clothing. It was an outfit that she had prepared carefully when she packed. A pair of tight jeans and a camisole with spaghetti straps. Without a bra underneath the camisole, her breasts would almost cry out for attention. The camisole left the tops of her boobs exposed, even while standing upright. When she leaned forward, the blouse fell away from her body to provide a tantalizing view of her chest. It was the perfect attire for the rest of the day.
** Ryan **
Ryan only slept for a couple of hours. When he woke to find her heading to the shower, he kicked himself for not paying attention to what she packed for clothing. He didn't know that she planned to shower in a bikini. She probably had no idea how sexual that was, watching water running over her body, making it glisten in the daylight. Sure, she wore a bikini, but it didn't cover a lot of skin. Just enough to not be indecent. Did she not know that her audience could see her hand as it rubbed her tits and pussy? Did she think that the guys from school wouldn't see this?
And then after the shower, she put on one of the sexiest outfits he had ever seen her wear. The only time he had seen her dress like that was one night when they went out to a hip club to go dancing. It was the kind of place where all of the women dressed sexy, exposing more skin than they ordinarily would. And she chose that revealing outfit to wear while being filmed in the house? Ryan understood that she wanted to beat Tina's views, and maybe that was part of her strategy, but he wondered just how much she was going to expose walking around in that top. And those jeans on her just drew your eyes to her long legs and amazing ass. How could you not stare?
** Kacey **
The rest of the day became an exercise in trying to distract herself from the boredom. She spent some time sitting in the living room reading a book on the history of mathematics. It was both interesting, and dry. Reading it felt like something she should read, to become more knowledgeable about not just the Greek and Roman contributions to the development of mathematics, but also the Babylonian, Egyptian, Chinese, Indian, Islamic, and others. The extent of effort to approximate pi or the square root of two, across many cultures, was amazing. Briefly. Kacey managed to kill 45 minutes before she just could read no more.
Kacey wandered the house, returned to the kitchen for a snack, and wandered the house again. Tick tock. Time dragged.
The only reprieve from boredom was thinking about her audience, and how she might keep their attention. She periodically bent forward in front of a camera when she found some justification to do so, providing a sexy view of her boobs. Or she scratched some nonexistent itch near her breasts or on her butt to draw eyes back to those features. When she had chosen the sexy outfit, she figured that she could find a radio and dance to some music in a subtly seductive manner. And while there was no radio, she did come across an old record player with some old vinyls next to it. It was time to see if the player worked.
After determining that the player at least spun, she began to inspect the records. She was instantly drawn to a blue vinyl Billie Holiday, Solitude. Kacey knew the singer's name but the only song of hers that she had heard, at least that she knew of, was Strange Fruit, and that was hardly for dancing. As soon as she started playing the first track, East of the Sun, she knew the record was perfect for the moment, almost like it had been recorded just to be played in this old, dusty house. Kacey stood up and started swaying to the relaxing jazz music with a pleased smile on her face. The sax, the piano, and Billie's voice all blended together to quash her loneliness. It was like Billie was there in the room with her, keeping her company. While she danced, she forgot all about the cameras and her intent to use her dancing to tease her audience. She just danced.
** Ryan **
Ryan watched her dance. The camera didn't pick up too well the music that she had found, but he enjoyed watching her. In her tight jeans and thin, loose shirt, she looked amazing. Even with her gentle, slow swaying, her breasts shifted back and forth underneath the shirt. Sometimes she raised her arms above her head, letting her shirt rise up to expose her tummy. And sometimes she let her hands caress her sides, running them up and down while pressing into the sides of her tits for just a fleeting moment. It was impossible to not watch. There would be many, many eyes on her, including those from her friends. As long as she kept dancing like she was, he didn't mind her having an audience. What concerned him was the possibility that she might start dancing sexier, lifting up her shirt in such a way as to suggest that she might flash her tits, or intentionally bend over to allow the camera's lens to gaze down her top as her boobs rocked side to side. But that never happened. After dancing for a while, she turned off the record player and sat down to rest.
** Kacey **
When it reached 10:30, Kacey spoke to the cameras again, letting her audience know that she was going up to bed. And then she went upstairs. She wouldn't be going to sleep for a while, as she had a couple of activities planned for her audience. She hopped into bed, fully clothed again, and covered herself with the blanket. She pried the jeans off of her legs, and deposited them on the nightstand. Next came the camisole. It felt so sexy to be nearly naked with three cameras pointed at her. The only thing that remained were her panties, but she still needed those for her first act.
Kacey sat up, pressing the blanket into her chest to keep her boobs covered. "Shit," she said to the empty room. She was hoping to make it look like she had forgotten to brush her teeth. She covered her breasts with her left arm, dropped the blanket, and slid out of bed.
With her boobs covered by her arm, Kacey scurried to the bathroom, flicked on the light, and picked up her toothbrush. She glanced down to make sure that everything was still covered. They were, at least the nipples, but portions of her tits remain exposed. The top of the left boob, and the bottom and side of the right one were visible to the cameras. And on her bottom, she was only wearing panties. Nothing indecent, really, but hopefully alluring, especially in the well-lit bathroom. She imagined how Mike, and Carson, and Alejandro, and Brett, and Ben would individually react to seeing her like this. She imagined how they would be hoping that her arm would slip, letting a boob escape to be seen by their lecherous eyes.
That was not her plan. But as she tried to add paste to the brush, one-handed, Kacey feared that their hopes might turn to reality. She adjusted her left arm so that her left hand could hold the toothbrush while her right hand applied the paste. She felt her left breast slide under her moving arm and wondered whether it might have slipped just enough to expose a nipple. But when she checked, everything was still covered.
After brushing her teeth, Kacey retreated to the bed. Once safely under her blanket, she freed her boobs and breathed a sigh of relief. First act, complete.
** Carson and Brett **
"Holy shit," said Carson, in disbelief at what they had just witnessed.
"Somehow her body is even more amazing than I imagined," replied Brett.
"Did you see her tits? She could barely contain them with her arm. And those legs and ass? Fuck."
"I'm going to watch that again. Let me know if anything else starts to happen."
"You got it."
** Kacey **
Kacey stripped off her panties and dropped them on the nightstand. Nude again. She wasn't sure why it felt so incredible to be naked, but she was sure that the cameras pointed at her had a lot to do with it. She looked forward to seeing her friends and joking with them about what they saw, or what they wanted to see. It was obvious they were attracted to her, but they didn't seem to mind if she had some fun with it.
She looked forward to the second act. But before that could start, she need to pretend to sleep for a bit. She rolled to the side, letting her upper back become exposed again, and closed her eyes.
As she waited, she thought about her friends watching her, and what they had seen to this point. This was her last night here, and her last opportunity to really tease them. She was pretty sure that so far they hadn't seen much of anything. Perhaps they saw a bit of her butt here, and some breast skin there. But what if, in her remaining time here, she let them see just a little more? What if she accidentally let her boobs get seen, nipples and all? And if she did that, wouldn't that guarantee beating Tina?
Kacey let her hand drop to her pussy. Surely nobody would see if her fingers roamed. Just a few times.
** Ryan **
Ryan prepared for another sleepless night. Kacey was reading in the living room when he decided to sneak in a shower, expecting it to be at least another half-hour before she would head to bed. His mis-estimation caused him to miss Kacey's teeth-brushing adventure. He would learn about it later.
When he returned to his computer screen, Kacey was removing her panties. He wasn't surprised that she was sleeping in the nude again, but part of him had hoped that she might not risk exposing herself again during the night.
Watching her sleep was both boring and compelling. He had to monitor. He had to know what others could see. If she wasn't sleeping nude it would not have been such a concern. Even if she was in her bra and panties, he could have justified any exposure as just not worse than a bathing suit. But she was nude.
After about a half-hour, while simultaneously watching the monitor and sports highlights from the day, he saw her sit up. She pressed the blanket to her chest while looking out into the hallway. She seemed to be listening, as if some noise had woken her up.
Kacey slid out of bed, still clutching the blanket. In one quick motion she wrapped it around her. Did he just see her butt? Or was that his imagination? Regardless, it was brief.
Kacey crept towards the door, peering out into the hallway. When she reached the door frame, she took a long look down the hallway. Ryan switched to the hallway camera, but couldn't see anything besides Kacey peeking out of the bedroom. What was she looking for? What had she heard?
She tiptoed down the hallway with her blanket dragging on the hardwood floor. It was as if she was afraid of making noise. Was someone in the house? Ryan hurried to a kitchen camera, then to a living room camera, then to a dining room camera. From camera to camera he skipped, searching for any signs of intruders. There were none. And yet Kacey was cautiously stepping down the stairs in search of something.
Downstairs, Kacey started turning on all of the lights as she scanned each room. As she entered the living room, it happened. She tripped over the dragging blanket, sending her body lurching forward and out of her protective enclosure. As she stumbled, her breasts jumped into view in the well-lit living room. She hit the floor with the top three quarters of her body tossed out of the blanket. Ryan couldn't believe the sight before him as she was sprawled out naked on her stomach on the living room floor. Her entire butt was exposed, but at least her tits and pussy were now hidden from the cameras.
Kacey grabbed the blanket and pulled it up over her, and then under her, before getting up. She looked a bit shocked at her tripping, or her exposure. She pulled up the blanket so that it was no longer on the floor, and completed her inspection of the house. She turned off the lights, and went back to bed.
Ryan couldn't believe what he had witnessed. He wished he had been recording, but it hadn't been a priority since Ben was going to send them copies of all of the video feeds when the weekend was over. But now, he would have loved to be able to watch that again, to see just how bad her exposure was. Or maybe just confirm how bad it was.
All of the guys from school would have seen that. Her friends just saw her boobs, as she stumbled naked out of her blanket. They just saw her pussy, or at least her pubic hair. And they just saw her bare ass. These guys that had been lusting over her for months just got to see her completely naked.
He was hard. Was it because he was thinking of her naked body? Or because these friends of hers saw her tits and ass? Things that they shouldn't have gotten to see. Things that they so desperately had wanted to see.
** Carson and Brett **
"Holy shit, did you see that?" Carson asked the rhetorical question. Their eyes had been glued to their monitors. As soon as Kacey was back in bed, Brett replayed the video, fast-forwarding to her trip. He paused the video when she stumbled out of the blanket.
"Score," stated Brett. The picture before their eyes showed a completely nude Kacey. The motion and shadows had obscured the lower half of her body, but her boobs were clear. They were full, they were firm, and they were topped with the prettiest puffy nipples that they had ever seen.
Brett stepped through the video, frame by frame, as they inspected every detail of her boobs. They bemoaned not seeing her lower half better as dark glimpses of pubic hair were all they got, but they were not about to complain. At all. And when she completed her fall and left her ass on complete display, that was amazing. How they had dreamed of seeing her tits and ass, and in that brief moment, those dreams had come true.
** Kacey **
Kacey could barely contain herself as she got back into bed. Act two complete. She couldn't believe that she had actually done that. It worked perfectly. She could defend it as unintentional. She was checking out a noise, she didn't mean to trip. Oh, she is so embarrassed that she was exposed like that. She buried her head into her pillow and grinned broadly.
She thought about how it would be to interact with the guys from school now that they had seen her, or would see her as soon as the videos were passed around. She would act embarrassed, maybe playfully punch them on their shoulders whenever they brought it up. She figured they would bring it up a lot, and she'd always find a way to turn it around on them by making fun of them for being pervs. Didn't they have better things to do than watch her sleep?
And then it hit her. They had actually just seen her naked. They had been gawking at her for months and now they had seen her. Naked. Her tits and pussy weren't exposed for long, but she knew that they were uncovered with multiple cameras pointed at her. And a moment is a lifetime in front of a camera.
They got an even longer look at her butt, as that was left facing up once she hit the floor. She knew that running and rock climbing had rewarded her with an attractive butt, and had caught the guys peeking at it on multiple occasions. There were a couple of times when she had caught one of them peeking at her butt and she stared back at him until he noticed that he had been busted. Once it was Alejandro, and once it was Carson. On both occasions, the perv apologized and turn red. She thought it was hilarious. Now these guys had seen her bare butt as she was sprawled out across the floor.
Kacey resisted the strong urge to masturbate and drifted off to sleep.
Kacey was jolted awake by a noise in the hallway. It wasn't some normal old-house sound like she had heard all weekend. This was something else. Then she heard it again, the sound of scraping metal moving down the hallway towards the bedroom door. Was it the sound of a metal rake or hoe being dragged? And who was dragging it?
She sat up, clutching the blanket and staring at the door. If there was some intruder coming down the hall, how could she escape? The only other way out of the room was through a window, and she doubted that she would be able to open one quickly with the years of paint sealing it shut. If she could just get out, she could climb up or down with ease due to her rock climbing experience, but....
Screeeech.
What the fuck was that sound? This time it sounded like it was right at the open bedroom door. Kacey couldn't see anyone, or anything there, and there was enough light that she should have seen whatever was making that noise.
Screeeech.
It was now certainly inside the bedroom, heading towards her. Kacey bolted from the bed into the corner of the room. She didn't think to bring the blanket with her, she just wanted to get out of the path of the metal scraping.
Screeeech.
The source of the sound had now turned, and was approaching her again. What the fuck is that? She was infused with a belief, no, the knowledge, that if the sound reached her that she would die. She ran to the wall and to the bedroom door to give as wide berth as possible to whatever was there. She half-expected to be grabbed as she exited the bedroom, but nothing grabbed her. Down the hallway. Down the stairs. Don't trip. Oh please don't trip. If she could just get outside to security, everything would be okay.
When she reached the living room, she stopped in her tracks. The lights were on, and Billie was singing. Kacey hadn't left the lights on, and she certainly hadn't left the Billie Holiday record playing. She distinctly remembered sliding the blue vinyl disk back into its sleeve and putting it atop the other records. What the fuck?
Her first instinct was to ignore it, and continue with her plan to get security. But something made her stop. There was a warmth to the room. It was like the living room was the safest place in the world, safer than outside with security, safer than at home with Ryan, safer than her parents bed when five-year-old Kacey had a bad dream.
There was a comforting presence in the room. She couldn't see it. But she could feel it. There was no place that she would rather have been than in that living room.
Kacey was aware that she was nude. And there was a fleeting thought that all of the cameras in the bedroom, the hallway, the stairs, and the living room were capturing her naked body. But she was far too concerned with her own safety and the enigmatic presence in the living room to give it any further thought, at least at the moment.
She felt it approach. A warmness pressed against her cheek, like a caress from long-time lover. The warmness eased down her neck, to her chest, and onto her left nipple. Kacey inhaled as shivers coursed down her spine. It was the strangest sensation, touching but not touching. And it lingered on her nipple.
The warmness enveloped her and seemed to guide her towards the couch. Kacey did not resist. She lied down and anxiously awaited the return of the unseen hand or whatever it was that was touching, or not touching, her. And then she felt it again, on her stomach and slowly, painfully, sliding down, stopping at the top of her pubic hair.
She imagined it being a hand, but in that moment, it didn't matter what it was. It pressed into the side of her right thigh, a gentle request to spread her legs. She complied, throwing her right leg onto the back of the couch while her left leg fell off the couch, her foot on the floor. She was spread wide open, ready for whatever this presence wanted to do.
The warmth wandered down, through her pubic hair, and grazed along her clit. So softly. Kacey exhaled. Up her outer lips, and back down across her clit again. Kacey bit her lip. She wanted to grab the hand and press it into her harder, but she knew there would be nothing to grab. Up again, and then down again, crawling painfully through her most sensitive area. Kacey arched her back, thrusting her butt off of the couch. She wanted more. Up again, and down again. Shivers raced throughout her body. Her head felt like it was going to explode. She let out a long moan as her eyes rolled back into her skull. Up and down, touching but not touching. Softly.
And then she released. Every nerve in her being must have fired and wave after convulsive wave shot through her. She emptied her lungs into a cry that expressed all of the pain, all of the pleasure, all of the desire from her body. It must have been the longest, strongest orgasm that she had ever had. When the spasms stopped, she struggled to catch her breath.
When she did, she realized that the presence was gone. Not only was it no longer touching her, it was no longer in the room. And Billie sang no more.
Kacey sat up on the couch and rested, for several minutes. She was nude, and there was a camera pointed straight at her, but there was little reason to be bashful now. She stood up, turned off the lights, and crept back upstairs. She didn't know whether the thing that had made the metal scraping sound, that approached her in the bedroom, was the same thing she encountered in the living room. She didn't know if it might still be there. But what she felt was that everything was gone. There were no more scraping sounds. There was no more presence. She collapsed onto the bed and passed out.
** Carson and Brett **
There were no words for what they had just witnessed. None. They had just watched Kacey having a screaming, touchless, orgasm. Could she have faked that? Would she have faked that? Maybe it didn't matter. It was just insane. There were no words.
Carson walked to his bedroom and closed the door. He needed to relieve himself.
Brett needed to do the same. He rewound the video to the moment when Kacey arched her back with her legs spread wide. Her engorged sex was fully exposed. He imagined running his hands all over her body, squeezing her breasts, feeling her thighs and ass, and letting his fingers caress her lips. He imagined planting his mouth wide on her open pussy, letting his tongue explore her folds and tease her clitoris. And he imagined jumping on her, and thrusting his cock deep inside, grasping at her tits as he rode her and pumped her full of his cum.
** Kacey **
When Kacey woke in the morning, she almost didn't believe what had happened overnight. But she knew it was no dream. And her body stunk of sweat and sex.
She got out of bed, no longer concerned about the cameras all around, and trudged to the bathroom, nude. She turned on the shower, and stepped in.
As she showered, she began to think about whatever had happened in that living room. She couldn't explain it. Maybe she shouldn't even try.
She chuckled to herself as she thought about all of these people now watching her shower, without her bathing suit. It's not like they were seeing anything they hadn't already seen. But before this weekend, she never would have thought about letting any of the guys from school watch her shower. And now they all were.
Kacey got dressed, packed up her clothes, and waited for 9 AM to arrive. Her experience at the Derry House was over. Before heading out the door, she stepped into the living room. She didn't feel any presence. Not anymore. "So long," she said softly, and with a sadness knowing that this was goodbye. She then turned, and walked out of the house.
Ben was there to greet her with a shit-eating grin.
"Don't say it. And don't ask," Kacey warned him. She wasn't ready to try to explain any of that.
"Okay, okay. Here are your keys. Can we do the post-interview after Advanced Numerical Analysis tomorrow?"
"Yeah, sure, that works. Bye Ben."
Her cell phone was ringing as she got into her car. It was Ryan.
"Hey hon," she answered, like she had just been out shopping.
"Are you okay?" asked Ryan.
"Yeah, I'm okay. Kind of beat though."
"So, um,..., I can't believe that you did that."
"Did you see it? Did we just capture real, video evidence of a ghost?"
"Ghost? I was referring to you masturbating in front of the camera."
"No, that's not what,.... No," she stammered. "Couldn't you tell that there was a ghost, or something, there? What did you see?"
"I saw you jump out of bed, like you had heard a noise. Then you went downstairs, fully naked, and went into the living room and masturbated in front of the camera. And that was one of the free guest cameras."
"No. No. There was something there. Didn't you see the light go on by itself, didn't you hear the music?"
"Kacey, you left the light on in the living room overnight. And I didn't hear any music. The only thing that I could hear was you moaning."
"Oh god. That's just not what happened. Fuck. I'm going to come home. We'll talk more then."
** Ryan **
Ryan remained in disbelief at what he had seen. At what she had just shown the world. He could just imagine how many porn sites would have video of his Kacey masturbating. All of her friends surely saw it too. And he had told a bunch of his friends from school too, never expecting that she would get naked and masturbate in front of the camera.
Kacey came home and tried to explain what happened. Ryan didn't know what to make of her story. It just didn't match what he himself had observed. And was he really supposed to believe that a ghost got her off? And if that is true, is that,..., cheating? He didn't feel like she cheated on him, because, in his heart, he didn't believe her. It didn't make any sense.
Later that day, Ben emailed the footage to her. They watched that scene together, from several cameras. What they saw matched Ryan's recollection. Kacey was left confused, doubting her own sanity. And she was aghast that what everyone would think was what Ryan thought, that she willingly got naked and orgasmed on camera.
** Kacey **
Kacey was trepidatious as she drove to school on Monday morning. She was going to have to face her friends. They were going to tease her mercilessly. And they had that right. How could she possibly explain what happened without looking like a cam whore? They weren't going to believe that she had a sexual experience with a ghost, and would that make it any better? Even Ryan didn't believe her. He pretended to in order to support her, but he didn't believe her. She couldn't blame him for that after what she saw in the videos.
"Hey, Kacey," Brett called out when he saw her. She cringed. The tone of his voice made it clear that he had seen her getting off. Of course he had seen it.
"Don't say anything," she warned him, knowing that there was no way to pretend that it hadn't happened, that they hadn't all watched it happen.
When she walked into class, the rest of her friends were there. They looked at her, and started applauding. Kacey couldn't hide her embarrassment. They had all seen her. Every square inch of her. And they saw her getting off, moaning, screaming. How could she look them in the eyes?
By the time class ended, Kacey's embarrassment level had reduced to medium-high.
"So you all saw that, huh?" Kacey asked her friends. They all nodded, with cat-ate-the-canary expressions on their faces. "Ugh. I didn't mean that to happen."
"Hey, no complaints here," Brett offered. It didn't help to have the reminder that they enjoyed it, but she had steeled herself for their ribbing.
"But you know, if you ever need a live audience to help you, um,..." Carson started, but stopped when Kacey shot him a look of impending death.
Kacey knew it was going to be brutal, and it would probably last for months.
"Ben, we're going to do that interview, right?" she asked as way of temporary escape.
She sat down for the interview. She wasn't sure what to say. Ben pointed the camera at her and asked, "So, how was your experience in the Derry House?"
"Well, it was interesting. It wasn't what I expected the weekend would be like. Look, I know what you all saw. But the video doesn't tell the whole story. There is something in that house, some presence. Maybe it somehow alters the perception of those in the house, or,.., I don't know. Maybe there is some other explanation, a gas leak that causes hallucinations, or something else scientific. But what I do know is that what you saw on the video and what I experienced weren't one in the same. I can't explain it."
"What can you tell us about the presence?" Ben probed.
Kacey shook her head. "I don't know. I don't know if there was one or two. At least one was,... not malevolent. I just don't know. Seeing the video made me doubt what I saw, what I felt."
"Anything else you want to say about your, um,..., performance?"
Kacey scowled but didn't say anything for a moment. "No, not really. Just, sometimes you get wrapped up in a moment when you forget about everything else in the world. I didn't intend that to happen, but I don't regret it either. It's horribly embarrassing, but it is what it is. I can't take it back. I wouldn't take it back."
The interview ended. Ben gave her a check for $500, and told her that a big bonus check would be coming as well, once they tallied the views over the coming week. She had far surpassed Tina so that wasn't even a question. As Ben began to walk away, Kacey stopped him.
"Ben, so, um,..." Kacey started, nervously. "Any chance that I could stay in the house again sometime?"