Now that I had a place to live and a steady job the problems of day to day living became clear. My new bungalow apartment was great, the rent was somewhat affordable, and there seemed to be perks if my flamboyant landlady got a glimpse of my anatomy now and then. A slightly inconvenient new development was that I was almost always horny. I walked around with a semi-hardon most of the time. My assignments with FD Corp. had provided a sexual outlet I no longer had. The stress of graduation, job and apartment hunting, and living totally on my own left me little time for a social life.
The coder job with Encompass was going well. The tweaks to the Smartphone photo program were going smoothly. The end result of placing a photo of a person on to a different but realistic background was looking very good. The only sticking point was watermarking the photos so that criminals couldn't remove the watermark and use the program to provide a photo alibi. I suggested creating a virus of sorts that would destroy the photo if anyone hacked the system and tried to remove the watermark.
I received an email from Jane and Ted requesting a Zoom meeting with me that evening. There was also a non-disclosure agreement they wanted me to sign and email back before the meeting. Since I was dealing with software and consumer products signing an NDA didn't strike me as odd. I had submitted one when I was hired. I figured they wanted a separate one for the X-treme division.
I hoped my watermark suggestion was met with approval. I knew the job had a probationary period and I was just starting to count on those paychecks coming in. I still needed to furnish my place. I wanted an air conditioner. I was truly spoiled being on scholarship at school, especially with extra financial help from FD Corp. I had no idea how expensive it was to live alone and I did not want a roommate. It became clear I was going to need a side hustle like working naked at parties again.
I'd been working on the watermark codes for most of the day and I needed a break. It was a beautiful summer day and I thought a swim would be relaxing. I threw on my board shorts and headed for the pool. I stopped at the door. Maybe if my landlady Vera got an eyeful of me in something more revealing she might bring me some more 'buy one get one free' goodies from the grocery store.
I dug through some boxes in the closet and found the sheer, yellow Speedo that I had worn for Mrs. Twombly when I was on FD Corp. assignment as her pool boy. It still molded perfectly to my ass and left nothing to the imagination in front. My cock and balls were shown to full advantage. I remembered that when wet, the Speedo was pretty transparent. As I remembered my session with Mrs. Twombly, especially having her service my dick while I was in bondage, the blood began flowing to my cock. I felt it swelling and lengthening. In no time I was sporting a full hard-on that barely fit in the small Speedo. That had to be worth some groceries.
I swam some laps and stretched out on one of the lounge chairs. My goods were so visible in the wet, sheer Speedo that I might as well have been stark naked. As I relaxed I kept remembering Axel modeling at Vera's art show. Watching him pop a boner as Vera dripped paint on him in front of a crowd of people was a pretty wild sight. I felt my own throbbing cock straining against the thin fabric. Damn, I was hard and horny. I was so lost in thought that I hadn't noticed that Vera had come in to the pool area with another of my neighbors in tow. As she spoke her eyes zeroed in on my turgid member. She sat right beside me on the lounge chair. As she chattered on, one of her hands managed to rest directly on my bulging crotch. She also took a firm, full squeeze of my pulsing man-meat. I was so horny I hoped that she would reach in my Speedo and give me a hand-job.
"Randy sweetie, I'm SO glad you are using the pool. I can see that you're REALLY enjoying it! You could swim in the nude if you want to...but in that suit you almost ARE! How very, VERY nice! This is Paolo, our resident fitness/underwear model!"
Paolo could have stepped out of a fashion magazine. We were overall the same age, size and height. Both of us were muscular but Paolo was ripped to the extreme. He was wearing loose sweatpants, so I couldn't compare our 'equipment'. Whereas I was the ultimate blond California beach boy, he was swarthier, more hirsute and a bit more ethnic; like a statue of a Roman god.
"Hey, Paolo, it's nice to meet another neighbor. How's it goin'?"
For an underwear model, Paolo seemed a bit sheepish and shy.
"Um...it's cool. Uh...nice to meet you, I gotta go help Vera with...something. See you around."
With that they both went into Vera's studio. I swam a few more laps and decided I should see what I could do about dinner. As I walked past Vera's studio windows I saw Paolo and her inside. Doesn't this woman believe in curtains? Paolo was completely nude. I could see why he was an underwear model. His ass was perfect. It took me a minute to recognize the pose that Paolo was emulating. It was Michelangelo's David. Well, Paolo certainly had that classic Italian look although he was more defined than the David, and certainly better hung! His cock was long, uncut, and very thick. It was resting comfortably on Vera's cleavage. My landlady certainly likes them young and hung! Even I was impressed.
There were several patches of different colors on Paolo's torso. Vera seemed to be trying different kinds of body paint or make-up. The expression on her face indicated displeasure. Occasionally, as she stared at the colors and textures she was applying, she would run her fingers along the rigid shaft of Paolo's cock. This was the second of my neighbors I had seen getting such attention from Vera. I wondered if and when my turn would come. I stuck my hand inside my bulging Speedo and began to stroke the swollen shaft, wishing that my cock was the one resting against Vera's breasts, leaking pre-cum on to her luscious mounds.
Paolo caught sight of me at the window. Unlike Axel, who seemed to get a kick out of being watched with Vera, Paolo seemed embarrassed. He also noticed my hard-on. He sighed, shrugged, closed his eyes and let Vera continue with her task. She tested and re-tested the body paint while stroking Paolo's thick dick in earnest. I stood there, mesmerized. These blatantly sexual exhibitions were making me crazy horny. I got back to my bungalow, stripped off my Speedo, grabbed my cock and started to crank one out. I noticed the time. I had too much to do before my Zoom meeting with Jane and Ted to sit around jacking off. My cock would have to wait for some attention.
I washed up and had some dinner. I was nervous about the meeting. I was enjoying the job. I liked working from home. I wanted the steady paycheck and benefits. I would have thought a simple email message would be enough to tell me if my watermark destruct idea was feasible or not. I put on a nice, business-like Polo shirt. I was about to put on a nice pair of dressy shorts when the computer signaled that the Zoom meeting was ready to start. I was naked from the waist down but I wanted to log in to the meeting right away. I was sitting down, so Jane and Ted wouldn't be able to see my lower body.
Jane seemed to be alone. She looked different. She wasn't wearing glasses. She had on a very snug blouse that looked like silk; it was unbuttoned far enough to show some very ample cleavage. This was not what I had expected to see at a business meeting. My cock, which had been hard to semi-hard all day, was soon fully erect and throbbing for attention. I prayed my boss wouldn't notice that I was sexually aroused by the sight of her.
"Hi Randy! First let me say that I've had glowing reports from your team leader. The work on the photo app is coming along beautifully. Your suggestion on how to deal with the watermark problem was inspired. We may well pursue that course!"
"Thank you, Jane. I really like my job, and the other coders are really fun to work with."
"Wonderful. That's what Ted and I like to hear. Now, as to the reason for this private meeting. As you may recall we mentioned that there was another division called X-treme. Only the employees who show the most promise and have the right attitude are given the chance to work on projects in this division."
"Um...that sounds really interesting. I'm all ears."
Actually I was not all ears. It must have been warm at Jane's location because I noticed a bit of sweat trickling down between her breasts. I subtly grabbed my cock to keep it from jerking around. I desperately wanted to jack off. I also wondered where Ted was. Before she spoke again I thought I noticed Jane gasp ever so slightly.
"The projects from X-treme involve some very nice bonuses on top of your regular salary. Randy, I'm going to ask you a series of questions. If at any time you find something inappropriate please let me know immediately and the interview will cease. Being chosen, or not chosen for X-treme has no bearing on your regular job. X-treme just provides an...interesting...extra."
The alarm bells in my head were giving me a flashback to my experiences with FD Corp. I found myself squeezing my cock while staring at the sweat on her breasts.
"That sounds good Jane."
"Excellent. Do you have any objections to dealing with erotic adult materials? If not, do you have any experiences with so-called adult sex toys?"
"Umm...I do know what those things are...I have had...umm...some experience."
Pre-cum had begun leaking from my piss slit.
"Fine. We have a line of sex toys for both men and women and we are hoping to create electronic enhancements to make them more 'hi-tech'. Would you be uncomfortable working with such products?"
"Uh...no...I wouldn't have a problem."
"Very good. Some of the products are designed for the male anatomy. Would you have a problem trying them out on yourself? If your job is to enhance their function you would be better able to tell if an enhancement is working properly by using them."
With one finger I spread some of the leaking pre-cum around the swollen, shiny head of my cock.
"I...think that makes sense."
This discussion was making me wildly aroused. I began to stroke my cock very slowly so as not to draw attention to what I was doing. Just then I saw a patch of unruly red hair bobbing up and down below Jane's waist. It had to be Ted. OMG, he was eating her pussy while she interviewed me! I wished that the camera were showing what he was doing. I...I wanted to watch them and jack-off. I thought I would blow my wad right then and there. Jane let out a soft moan before speaking again.
"Somehow I knew you would be a good fit for this! It...feels...so...good; I mean...it's so good that Ted and I have someone who can work on these projects with us. Not everyone has the...talent or the...understanding."
She bit her lip and threw back her head. I think she would have cried out if we were not in a meeting. She must have been cumming. I felt my balls tighten as the orgasm built inside me.
"Um...um...I am certain that you will be working on some X-treme projects but I want to gauge your physical and psychological limits. Do you know what is happening here...now?"
"Uh...I think so."
"Would you tell me what you think is happening here?"
"I'm pretty sure that while we're talking Ted is eating your pussy."
"Yes...YES he is! Does this offend or excite you?"
I had been stroking my cock and the pre-cum was drooling down my rock hard shaft. I was so horned up that I was ready to blow.
"It...excites me."
"Are you masturbating?"
"Yes."
The back of Ted's head became more visible. It looked as though he were diving in her muff with a lot of vigor. Jane seemed to be struggling not to cry out.
"I am your employer. If part of your job were to let us watch you use the sex toys you are writing code for...would...you...do...that?"
I was mesmerized by what I was seeing and the thought of them both looking at me. I heard myself babbling.
"Um...err...uh...if you want...that...YES!"
"Oh gawd...oh GAWD! Please...continue with the photo app project. We will contact you very soon with a project you may find more...stimulating."
Jane let out a scream of orgasmic pleasure just as she was signing off. That was all the stimulation I needed to shoot my load. A thick rope of cum shot straight up from my cock and hit me in the nose. My bosses had just had sex while I watched. Even more bizarre was that they seemed to want me to watch. What the fuck was I getting into with this job? All I could think about were the bonuses she had mentioned. Was I getting pulled back into participating in inappropriate sexual behavior for money? It seemed dirty, dangerous and...very exciting; much more so than just writing software codes.
Days passed. Work on the photo app progressed. I had no further contact from Jane and Ted. I wondered if I had failed the interview. Maybe I should have stood up and let her see me wanking my cock. There was a knock at my door. Deliverymen were there with several large cartons.
"Uh...guys, there must be some mistake. I didn't order anything."
"Delivery and set-up for a Randy Summers from X-treme Ltd."
"Oh...Ok...that's me."
Two men came in and went to work. Jane and Ted had sent me a stand/sit computer table, a large monitor that could connect to my laptop or tablet, an adjustable flood/spotlight and a digital camera with floor stand. This answered any question I had as to whether Jane and Ted wanted to get a good look at me.
It was Friday and my team had all signed off for the weekend. I needed a break. My mind was racing, wondering what kinds of things Jane and Ted would expect me to do. Performing virtually for a married couple was not among my experiences. Was I going to be watching them have sex? Were they going to want to see me doing sexual things? I thought I'd said goodbye to that when I took a non-FD Corp. job. Even so part of me found the notion very arousing as I could feel the blood flowing to my cock. Perhaps a swim might cool me off.
I grabbed a towel but didn't bother with a swimsuit. After all, Vera had said that nude swimming was allowed. Maybe Vera would give me a hand to alleviate my...problem. I dove in and started doing some laps. The water felt great; so great that my cock was at full mast. Swimming nude with a hard-on felt great...and dirty. I hadn't been in the pool very long before I heard Vera calling out. She sounded very upset. She burst through the gate and into the pool area.
"Disaster! DISASTER! What am I going to do?"
I stood in a shallower part of the pool; the water up to my chest.
"Vera, what's wrong?"
"CATASTROPHE is what's wrong. Oh my, oh my...my exhibit is TONIGHT! Many important clients and donors are coming. It's too late to cancel! What am I going to do?"
"Vera, calm down and tell me what's wrong."
"Paolo was the model for my art piece tonight. I've just seen him and he has a terrible cold! The exhibition involves him standing around almost nude, covered in body paint and being splashed with water. He was tested and doesn't have Covid or anything serious but if he's naked and wet...my goodness...it could turn into pneumonia! What will I do?"
"Well, if there's anything I can do to help..."
I regretted it the second I heard myself speak.
"Oh my...could it work? Could you...would you? Stand up...let me see you."
I got out of the pool without thinking. There I stood, dripping wet with my fully hard cock bobbing and twitching. I felt Vera's eyes up and down on me like a searchlight. She put her hands on my chest and ran them down my ripped torso to my firm thighs. As agitated as she was, she managed to cup my balls in one hand. She started babbling.
"Paolo was more what I had in mind...looking so Romanesque you know...but it IS called Malibu David...you look like a California surfer dude...it might...yes...it could work. Come...come...we have very little time."
She grabbed my hand and started to pull me toward her studio.
"Wait just a minute, Vera. I'll help you if I can but just what's going on?"
"I'm sorry. Of course you have no way of knowing. My exhibition is called 'Malibu David'. Paolo was going to stand copying the pose of Michelangelo's David. He was going to be covered in a water based body paint that I managed to get the color and texture to mimic beach sand. There will be a cloth panel behind showing images of beach and ocean. Surfer-themed music will be playing. It will look like a sand sculpture! Pipes with water nozzles are set up in front. At certain intervals, water will be splashed as though the sculpture were being hit by ocean surf and spray! When enough of the body paint is washed off, 'David' will just walk away. Isn't it exciting?"
"Gee...I don't know. I just started a new job. What if they found out I was standing around naked in a gallery full of people..."
Given what had happened with Jane and Ted recently I didn't actually believe that my modeling naked would cause a problem.
"You needn't be nude. Although you being nude would be THRILLING! Paolo's agent wouldn't allow him to be nude. A friend of mine who makes movie props made the most darling fig leaf for him to wear. Actually it's a tiny surfboard surrounded by waves that looks like it's made of sand. PLEASE say you'll help me! It pays!"
She leaned in and whispered the amount in my ear. I thought it would go nicely toward my sofa and a coffee table fund.
"Okay...I'm in. What do we do?"
"We've got to leave for the gallery right away! I need time to paint your body! Got put on some clothes...it doesn't matter what!"
I ran inside my place and grabbed some board shorts a tank top and sneakers along with my keys. Vera and I got in her car and raced to the gallery. A low platform was set up with a tall surfboard sticking straight up at the back. Everything looked like sand sculptures. Vera demonstrated how the pictures would be projected on the cloth backdrop. I had to admit it looked pretty cool.
"Randy, if you walk down that carpeted area there and go through the door you'll find a small locker room. You can lock up your clothes and there's a place to shower after you're finished posing."
I recognized it as the same door I had seen Axel go through after he had posed for the Pollack Pieta.
"Please hurry and put your clothes away. I need to get you all painted."
I was glad that the gallery was empty as I had to walk to the exhibit area in the nude. I suddenly felt oddly inhibited and covered my crotch with both hands. Vera handed me the surf board fig leaf.
"There's a plastic 'C' ring you can put around your...equipment to hold it on. Oh DEAR...I HOPE it fits! Paolo is a bit...thicker!"
The 'C' ring was a tad large, but as long as I didn't make any vigorous moves the fig leaf should stay in place. Vera handed me a pair of sunglasses; the kind that have small horizontal lines across the lenses. They also looked as though they were made of sand.
"Here. These will work as safety goggles while I paint you. You can see out but no one can see your eyes so you won't need to keep them closed. YOU can spy on the crowd while THEY spy you! Now stand in front of that surfboard, weight on the right leg, right arm at your side, left knee bent a little, head facing left, left hand on your left shoulder. PERFECT!"
Vera donned safety goggles and started fussing with what looked like a paint sprayer.
"Keep your eyes closed until I get below your chest. Then it should be safe to keep them open. Please try not to move; I don't want the paint to crumble off too soon."
I felt the cool spray start at the top of my head. Vera worked quickly coating me with body paint. The spray down my back and on my butt actually felt good, like getting a gentle massage. I tried not to allow it to feel too sensual as I wasn't too secure about the fit of my surfboard fig leaf. I glanced around the gallery at the various sculptures and paintings. It seemed as though only minutes had passed and Vera was done. She held up a large hand mirror so that I could see the effect. I did indeed look like Michelangelo's David sculpted out of sand.
"No photography is allowed so I thought you'd enjoy seeing how you turned out! You look MARVELOUS! I can almost hear the seagulls and the crashing surf. You won't have to hold the pose very long. People are starting to arrive. The men are here to hoist the curtain up. I'll stay in your line of vision and give you a signal when I want you to start moving. The water from the nozzles will hit you and start washing off the body paint. When I signal, start stretching and moving as though the statue were coming to life. Oh dear! I WISH we had had time to rehearse! Oh well, I can't be angry with Paolo for getting ill. Relax darling! You're going to be FABULOUS!"
I could see pretty well through the sunglasses. I saw the curtain rise above me. I guessed it was going to drop down as it had for Vera's Pieta. I heard voices in the gallery. It sounded as though it were filling up pretty fast. I could hear talking, plates clinking and champagne corks popping. Come to think of it I was hungry. If I got to come to the 'meet and greet' as I had seen Axel do I could get a bite and some drinks then. I heard Vera just outside the curtain.
"DARLINGS! Thank you all SO MUCH for coming to my latest creation...MALIBU DAVID!"
I sensed the picture projections had started on the backdrop behind me and music by The Beach Boys started playing. The curtain dropped. There was a beat, and then applause and whistles from the crowd. I was actually feeling pretty cool portraying David as a surfer dude sculpted from sand. I hoped the water would start soon and I'd get to move as I was getting a bit tired from standing.
I kept my eyes on Vera, who was surrounded by well wishers. She was obviously pleased with her handiwork and my modeling. Then I saw HER again. Standing near Vera and wearing a blue stretch jumpsuit that zipped from the neck to the crotch was Miss Victoria. She was sporting the same pale make-up, blood red lips and Louise Brooks hair. She must have known that she was in my line of vision as she gave me a 'thumbs up' sign. Then, with a wicked grin, she slowly unzipped the jumpsuit until her cleavage was exposed. She placed the middle finger of her left hand in her mouth and moistened it with spit. She stuck her hand in the opening of the jumpsuit and began rubbing her barely exposed right nipple.
What I had feared earlier was starting to happen. I hadn't expected some woman to stand in front of me doing something so blatantly sexual. Naturally I was becoming aroused. As Miss Victoria played with her nipple I felt the blood flowing to my cock. It lengthened and swelled causing the surfboard fig leaf to shift and slide down my cock shaft slightly. Miss Victoria must have noticed because she smiled and licked her lips. I tried to look away and calm down. If I popped a boner the fig leaf that fit Paolo's thicker penis would not stay on. I was snapped back to my senses by the sensation of water splashing on my chest. The 'performance' part of Vera's exhibition was starting. More water hit my torso and one thigh. I could feel some of the body paint being washed away.
I heard murmurs of appreciation and applause. I could see the crowd around me growing and pressing in closer to the exhibit. Unfortunately, my cock was also growing. Being stared at by the crowd and the water splashing against and trickling down my nearly nude body was incredibly erotic. Vera gave me the signal and I began moving and stretching which garnered more applause from the crowd. My gaze fell upon Miss Victoria who had unzipped the jumpsuit all the way to her crotch and was slyly fingering her pussy. Damn her! Watching her made me want to leave my pose and lick her vulva in front of everyone. I wanted to slip my cock inside her wet pussy. I imagined what I would look like still painted up like a statue of sand fucking her. Now there was no holding back; my rock hard cock sprang to full attention. Just then a strong blast of water hit my crotch and knocked the surfboard fig leaf to the floor. I stood there with a raging hard-on fully exposed to the crowd as the water washed more and more of the sand body paint off of me.
The crowd gasped and burst into riotous applause. There were men and women almost drooling while looking at me. I was mortified. It was one thing to be naked in front of a crowd when I was prepared but this was an accident. I hadn't psyched myself up for being nude. I hoped I hadn't ruined Vera's art piece. I saw Vera give me another signal. I wanted to run but as Vera had instructed I slowly walked off the little platform and along the carpeted area to the locker room. I sensed a large crowd behind me almost running toward the VIP room that I had seen the last time I was here. I wondered what could be in there that was so special that there was a security guard at the door turning non VIP's away. I wanted to shower and dress. Miss Victoria's presence made me feel particularly naked and exposed.
As Vera had told me, there was a stall shower in one corner of the little locker room. The gallery must have some very wealthy donors to supply models with such a high tech shower. It was round and seemed to stick out of the corner of the room like a castle turret. The shower walls were mirrored, much like the shower in my apartment. I saw a panel with instructions on the wall. Pressing the start button caused a sequence of wet-down, soap-up, rinse and dry. A buzzer would announce each step in the sequence. It also instructed the user to rotate 360 degrees during each sequence.
This was way too cool not to try. I pressed the button. Comfortably hot water drenched me from above. I rotated around. The buzzer sounded and lather sprayed on me from tubes at the side of the shower. I turned around making sure I was well coated. I used my hands to spread the lather all over my body, cleaning off what remained of the sand textured body paint. My mind was still picturing Miss Victoria standing there playing with her nipples. I absent mindedly began stroking my semi-hard cock. Just then I thought I heard the sound of glass breaking just on the other side of the mirrored shower wall as though someone had dropped their drink. The VIP room must be on the other side of the wall; if so the walls are pretty thin. The buzzer sounded and again I was drenched with water, washing away the lather. Next blasts of warm air came at me from the sides and bottom of the shower stall, drying me completely.
I retrieved my clothes from the locker room and went back in to the gallery. I was greeted with enthusiastic applause by Vera and a group of gallery patrons. I wished that I had had time to grab some nicer clothes earlier.
"Gosh Vera, I'm sorry about losing the fig leaf. I know you weren't planning on nudity but it couldn't be helped. I'm so embarrassed."
"Nonsense Randy darling, you were SUPERB! Absolutely THRILLING! I should be cross since my vision didn't involve you going 'full monty' but the crowd LOVED it! You MUST be famished! Let me get you some champagne and nibbles!"
As Vera bustled off to the buffet, Miss Victoria approached. Her voice was a seductive purr.
"My, my, if I thought you were interesting before, now I find you absolutely fascinating. I hoped my being naughty would get a rise out of you but I didn't think it would happen so literally; or so impressively."
She moved close to me and placed her hands on my chest. As she spoke she fingered the ripples in my abs.
"As you know I am also an artist. After seeing you perform tonight I must have you model for me."
Her hands moved down and around eventually squeezing my buttocks. She was so brazenly sexual and dangerous and yet incredibly feminine. I felt the blood engorging my cock. I had gone commando, without underwear and the bulge at my crotch was very obvious. Miss Victoria grabbed my cock shaft and squeezed...hard. I winced.
"My performance art pieces involve the pleasure and pain of sexual arousal as well as blood and torture. Well...stage blood...and theatrical illusion torture. No actual models are harmed in the presentation...blah...blah."
Her fingers found the swollen head of my dick and squeezed. I groaned.
"Yes...I must have you...model for me. We will talk later."
She released her grip on me and headed to the buffet. I stood there felling horny and frustrated.
Vera returned with champagne and food for me. Various people came over to introduce themselves. One woman said she was a theatrical agent, another was a photographer. Vera gladly took their business cards for me. I was having enough to do juggling my food and drink.
One couple that had been chatting with the female agent looked familiar. He was an up-and-coming model/actor, the lady was his wife. Friends of mine had often remarked that he and I looked very much alike. Seeing him in person I agreed that we could have been brothers. There had been gossip about her being much older than him and very wealthy; that she was controlling him sexually through her money and contacts. He had been a very minor fashion model. Curiously he had not modeled swim or underwear. Gossip said that his wife wanted his private parts kept private since she was paying for them and that he wanted to be an actor but she wasn't supportive of that idea. The three of them were looking at me so intensely that I felt as though I were standing there naked again.
As I gazed around the gallery, it seemed to me that people who were coming out of the VIP room stared at me strangely and whispered to each other. Some smiled and smirked, others looked away to avoid my gaze. This gallery had some very weird patrons. As the crowd thinned Vera came over to me.
"Well sweetie, it's time to get you home. I'm sure you must be EXHAUSTED!"
As we started to leave, Miss Victoria positioned herself between us and the exit.
"Very exciting exhibit, Vera, allow me to extend my congratulations. Leaving so soon?"
"Yes dear. Randy is POSITIVELY exhausted!"
"I'm sure he is. Why don't you stay and mingle? I'll see that Randy gets home."
Before Vera could utter a word Miss Victoria had pulled me out of the gallery and into her waiting limousine. I noticed that Vera looked mildly concerned. As the limo drove off Miss Victoria gave me a slightly sinister smile.
"Take off your clothes."
"I...I beg your pardon?"
"I want you to take...off...your...clothes; now."
The tone in her voice told me not to argue with her. Besides I was still crazy horny from watching her play with her pussy. In a moment I was fully nude with my cock at full attention. All I could think about was slipping my cock into that warm, wet pussy, or at least feel those blood-red lips wrapped around my dick. She moved closer to me staring at my cock with wide eyes.
"As you know, Randy, I, too am something of an artist. My main source of income is being a professional Dominatrix. I have many wealthy clients in the entertainment and corporate worlds. Many men who make major decisions for a living often need someone else to take control away from them for a while. The fact that I am petite and feminine makes my taking control that much more surprising and therefore more intense."
"I'm not sure I understand..."
"The majority of my clients are older, fat, bald and with pathetically little dicks. They whimper like babies and squeal like pigs. They also pay me handsomely. I've grown tired of these feeble creatures; I want to dominate a real man for a change; someone who is beautiful but masculine and built and hung like a god."
As she spoke, she wrapped one hand around the shaft of my throbbing cock and squeezed. Pre-cum flowed from the piss slit.
"But I'm not really into that..."
"That is one of the reasons you interest me. You are not a true submissive and yet you allow women to treat you in very inappropriate ways. You barely hesitated when I instructed you to strip. Perhaps you were hoping that I would want to sample that heroic cock of yours."
She took a finger and lubed my swollen cock head with the pre-cum that was flowing down my rock-hard shaft.
"Men pay to be dominated by me. I could just tie you up or something but that's so...ordinary. I'm curious to experience what it's like to pay a man to be submissive to me. I want a man to allow me to embarrass and humiliate him because he is hungry for money. Men have been doing that to women for centuries. I want that kind of power for a change. I want someone I can hire as a gigolo...no...that term is too classy...I want a man-whore. Just the thought makes me wet and makes my clit swell."
She snuggled closer and slowly stroked my cock. I groaned. Her perfume was intoxicating. I was sweating from head to toe as she expertly milked my turgid dick. She brought me to the brink of orgasm more than once as the limo glided through the Hollywood streets.
"If you are interested I promise that I will pay you very well. You will attend some very exclusive events and meet many movers and shakers. What I have in mind for you is not clichéd bondage or flogging or spanking. I will mistreat you in some very creative ways and sometimes in very public venues. I may even want to sample that golden cock of yours. You see, most men no longer excite me, but the thought of controlling your face, muscular body and heroic cock does."
Just as I felt the orgasm building and my balls tightening as my body prepared to unleash a rope of hot jizz, the limo stopped and Miss Victoria released her grip on my cock. I thought I would go mad with frustration.
"You're home. Take your clothes and go back to your apartment in the nude. Think about my offer. I'm sure you've discovered that living on your own in Hollywood is very expensive, even with a steady job. I'll be in touch."
The limo drove off leaving me standing there naked with pre-cum drooling from the tip of my bouncing, jerking cock. I walked through the courtyard to my apartment in a daze. I almost didn't notice Vera coming up behind me.
"THERE you are sweetie! I was beginning to worry."
Her hands reached up to fondle my firm pecs as she talked. Her eyes darted to my prominent erection.
"Yes...Victoria is extremely captivating...and I mean that literally."
One of her hands dropped down and began stroking my throbbing cock, spreading some of the drooling pre-cum as lubricant.
"Victoria is very wealthy and knows many powerful and influential people. I imagine she asked you to model for her."
I felt my balls tightening and the orgasm rising inside me as Vera pumped my swollen cock faster. My cock felt as though it was on fire and yet I found myself shivering.
"You're a big boy...and indeed you ARE...and I can't tell you how to run your life. Victoria can get involved in some very dark and sometimes depraved things. I have seen people enslaved by her...psychologically...I mean. Her dungeon cells are strictly for her clients. I don't want to see you mixed up in situations you can't mentally handle. You are so young...so vulnerable...and so handsome..."
My whole body jerked as a thick rope of cum shot from my dick. Vera massaged my ball sack as it loosened from the orgasm.
"Remember what I said. Be very cautious in your dealings with Victoria. Now get some sleep. You must be worn out."
I took a very cold shower and tried to sleep. I was haunted by dreams of my past experiences with FD Corp. All the times I was embarrassed, roughed up, and experimented on came flooding back. I drifted in and out of sleep. I sensed that my body was covered in sweat, all my muscles tensing and pumping. I had nightmares of hands grasping and tearing at my flesh, hungry mouths devouring me. I imagined that my entire body was one rock-hard, throbbing penis filled with blood and cum.
I heard myself scream. As I sat up a jet of my own cum hit me in the face. It was just past dawn and everything was quiet. I knew I was going to explore some of the things that Victoria was offering. I had to know her. I had to have her.
In the morning I found some brand new sets of bed sheets and towels outside my door. What the hell was I getting myself into?