Looking back now, I'm not sure how it ever turned so suddenly from casual flirtation to all-encompassing, overpowering lust. Everything had moved so slowly - imperceptibly even - for so long. I guess I can't really identify any exact moment of change in our relationship, but I can start by telling you when I first met her.
I was new to the city. I was new to the country, in fact, having just moved to the Netherlands from the United States. I had a three-year contract to work as a research associate on a big artificial intelligence project at the University of Amsterdam. I brought my family with me, my wife, Christie, and our three young children, one of which was a newborn. It was a difficult adjustment, and it wasn't until about two months after we got there that I felt I had the time to myself to start exercising again.
I love to exercise. Or at least, I love to stay fit. Three years of being overweight when I was a just entering puberty instilled that need in me. I entered high school as a short, chubby, immature dork. I discovered exercise by my sophomore year and finished high school as captain of the swim team. It was a nice change. Girls finally noticed me. I was still a dork, but now I was a lean, muscular dork and it's amazing what a girl will overlook when confronted with a nice body.
I'm 41 years old now, and it's a lot harder to maintain a nice body. I work out every day, and I still can't seem to find the bottom two abs in my six pack. But even so, I've managed to keep my wife interested, which is very important to me, because I'm a lot hornier than other men.
And Christie is a lot hornier than other women, truth be told, but with three young kids wearing her out daily, we're on about a slightly-more-than-once-a-week schedule for sex. That's great compared to some couples our age, even couples younger than us, but I'm more like a slightly-more-than-once-a-day kind of guy. So, I masturbate a lot. And I look at other woman a lot. And I masturbate about other women a lot. But I had never been willing to do anything that would break my wedding vows until I met Emma.
There are a lot of things you could point to as reasons why a loving husband might cheat on his wife. Some people would say it was a midlife crisis. After all, I did turn 40 only six months after I met Emma, before any of the more blatant flirting began. Some people might say it was the change in environment, that the move to a country foreign to me made me feel alienated and detached from my life before the big change.
And related to this, my professional life was much more separate from my family life in this new location: whereas in the USA Christie had known my colleagues, in the Netherlands Christie had met my colleagues only a handful of times, and they were all younger than me and wrapped up in very different lifestyles than the lifestyle of diaper changes and bottles.
And on top of all that, before the move I had been living a life of strict discipline stemming from a drug and alcohol abuse problem I had in my early twenties, and thirteen years of abstinence later, after thorough consideration with Christie, we had decided I could relax some of that self-restraint. This newfound freedom reawakened some of the hedonist in me - I had been so fuckinggoodfor so fucking long, now I was primed to follow feelings of pleasure wherever they might take me ...
So yeah, you could list any number of specific details about the timing and context of it, and say that's why it happened. But at the risk of seeming like a hopeless romantic, I think Emma would have been irresistible to me at any time in my life.
She was the reason.
I liked her an unreasonable amount even the first time I met her.
Emma worked at the gym. She showed me around my first day there, and it was really nice. Emma was local: a Dutch girl. Dutch girls are smoking hot. They are all tall with long legs and short skirts. They're all blondes or redheads, sometimes a mix of the two. I spent my first weeks in Amsterdam just dying to see a Dutch girl naked. I love a blonde pussy. I love a fiery-red pussy.
The Dutch women ride along the canals on bicycles wearing those short skirts, and some, wonderful percentage of them either don't care or just outright enjoy letting you see up those skirts as they pedal by. It's a glorious tease. I love a good tease. Which was perfect, because Emma loved a good tease as well.
At the time of writing this, I've never seen Emma in a skirt. I'd love to, but I've never even seen her outside of the gym. She always wears those loose, baggy workout pants at the gym. Her ass looks awesome in them: it presses out in all the right places, begging to be held, lifted, pulled back and parted to open her from behind. God, her ass!
But as I was saying, I've never seen Emma in the typically Dutch short skirt, and further, Emma's not a blonde or a redhead, and Emma's not very tall either. After all my lust for iconic Dutch women, I fell for someone not at all typical. Emma has really rich, healthy-looking brown hair, with some sun-bleached strands that look too natural to be bottled highlights. I wouldn't call her short at all, just shorter than the average Dutch woman. I'm a bit above average height for an American, a little below average compared to Dutch men (they are so goddamn tall here), and Emma is about half-a-head shorter than me.
I love the way she looks. She's slim and very toned, with perky breasts that would fill my cupped hands just perfectly. Her eyes kill me. Light blue-green, though the saturation of either color depends on the light. They look so good staring out of her olive complexion. And she's always staring. It's not a creepy stare, she's always just lookingdirectlyat me. She can hold eye-contact for days. I could go on, I'm infatuated with her, but you'll get to know her in good time.
And so Emma welcomed me to the gym, asking me if it was my first time there. She started in Dutch, but flipped to English in a flash when I said I didn't understand. I told her I was new to this gym, but that I had been weight-lifting and exercising for many years and that I knew how to use all the equipment safely. Everyone must have a tour their first time there, she insisted, and I wasn't complaining.
And this was the first thing that fascinated me about her. I felt a subtle vibe. I felt a mysterious chemistry. I felt attraction from her, but I couldn't put my finger on anything she did or said that signalled attraction. It was all business. She gave me the tour, politely, with warmth, but with no flirtation that I could identify. And still, I felt I was being flirted with.
I'm reminded of an interview I once read with the actor Christopher Walken. He said that sometimes during his scenes, in those pauses in his lines, he will intentionally, as a part of his craft, ask in his mind what the other actor thinks of his hair. So for example, he's about to kill Dennis Hopper inTrue Romance, and he's questioning him first, considering torture, and in a pause as he looks at his victim, he asks, in his head "what do you think of my hair?" I think he called it subtext, I call it fucking fantastic. Emma might be like that.
Maybe it was Emma's internal dialogue that I was picking up on, that vibe. Maybe that silent, direct look was her, internally, telling me that she was a raging inferno of sexual passion, and that she might just unleash that blaze on me if the moment took her. I wanted that moment. Fuck, I wanted that moment.
Over the course of a year, with me there every morning working out, we developed a relationship somewhere between acquaintances and friends. We had time to chat here and there. She would sit a minute and watch me do deadlifts, asking how my work was going. I'd pause before leaving the gym to ask about her dance class, or to wish her luck on her motorcycle exam. I learned she was a thrill seeker.
She was about to get her motorcycle license and had already identified a Ducati monster as her iron horse. She said the lines were feminine, and the sound was wonderful. I thought to myself that the sound of a motorcycle translates directly to how it feels between a woman's legs. I'd love to see her hit the throttle on that thing. Naked, with me holding her from behind... She was also into skydiving and bungee jumping. Not all the time, but any chance she got, really.
She loved to travel, and spent three weeks on safari in Africa at the end of that first summer that I was in Amsterdam. She was cool. She was this cool chick who was hot, and open, and friendly, and who I could never quite believe was really flirting with me. Who I could never quite becertainwas actually flirting with me. But I couldn't shake the feeling, and I didn't want to. We were flirting.
Emma had a boyfriend, but we never really talked about him.
One day, about three months after I had started working out at her gym, I told her I was married. It should have been more awkward than it was, because I kind of made a big deal out of it, like it was some sort of confession.
Pulling her aside, just before I left, I told her I felt I had to tell her something, and that I was embarrassed. I said that for three months, as we'd been chatting, I had never once mentioned my family, and now I felt silly and kind of guilty, like I was trying to hide something. I kind of pushed the words all out in a row, rehearsed. I told her I was married, and that I just needed her to know it so I wouldn't feel like I was hiding it from her.
I wasn't making a pass at her. I was actually just being honest - I did feel silly and guilty that I had never mentioned my wife and kids in three months of conversations.
She seemed a little puzzled, and asked me if she had done anything to make me think she was coming on to me. And of course she hadn't.
"Only in my fantasies." I said. Happy with my response.
She laughed mildly. I said it was all no big deal and that I really felt silly saying something now, but I just needed to say it for my own comfort. I left feeling that maybe things would be a little awkward the next time I saw her.
But really, nothing changed that day.
*****
Months later, the flirting was real, even if I was still just as unsure as ever where that vibe was coming from. It was friendship flirting, but the vibe was still hot, pulsing sex.
And then suddenly I was joking about her sending me a naked picture.
It all had progressed so naturally. It was just about a bikini picture when the joke started. We were at the front of the gym where her desk was, and she was showing me a couple of pictures on her Facebook page. There were some from her trip to Africa, and I just wondered aloud if there were any bikini pictures.
"There might be a couple, but I'm not showing you those." And suddenly I was excited.
"Why not?"
She was coy. I could feel it. She wanted to tease me a bit about being married.
"You shouldn't be looking at any bikini pictures, and you know it."
And suddenly that option was on the table.
There was this movie she kept telling me to check out, but after I couldn't find a version with English subtitles, I had given up on it. She joked that it was my homework assignment, and at some point I joked back that if I ever remembered to watch it, I'd write a report and my reward should be getting to look at one of her bikini pictures. It was that innocent, and she laughed it off. And it didn't come up again for a while more, but the next time it did, I was all over it.
"Have you watched the movie yet?" she asked.
"Are you prepared to send me a picture of yourself in a bikini" I questioned in return.
"Ok, Ok, I won't ask again." I could see a little exhilaration this time. I was being more aggressive and she liked it.
And of course, one day she asked about the movie again. She had said she wouldn't, but I knew she would, and I was ready, and confident. She knew what my response would be. She wanted my response. So this time I held back just a little.
"I know I should, I keep meaning too but I can't find a version with English subtitles."
"I'll send you the link."
She had found a version with English subtitles. She would need my email address.
I had wanted to be able to email her for so long, but it made me nervous. My email was often left open on my computer at home; what if Christie happened to see a playful email from a woman she had never heard of?
I wrote down my email address on a piece of paper. There was a lump in my throat as I did.
When she sent me the link, I couldn't resist making a big play for the picture. I wanted to see more of her so badly. Her ass looked so good in those baggy pants, and the tight, shirts with low necklines drove me wild, but I wanted to see more of her skin. I wanted to be able to imagine running my tongue along her lower belly, kissing her bare thighs. I wanted to see her skin and I wanted her to want me to see her skin.
I wanted her to want me to masturbate about her, and I wanted her to do something that showed that she wanted me to masturbate about her. I wanted her to intentionally, with full understanding, help make my fantasizing about sex with her that much more accurate... more intense. To be just slightly involved in it, by sending me the picture. I replied to her email:
Please read the following instructions to avoid spam filters when emailing links to file-sharing websites. This is an automated message.
The University of Amsterdam discourages proliferation of pirated files. However, if an email with a link to a file-sharing website also contained a sexy image of the sender, the spam filters will not be able to deny the recipient such an intense pleasure. Therefore please attach a picture of yourself in a very small bikini, lingerie, or possibly wearing a wet t-shirt or reclining in a bubble-bath to ensure that your email passes our filters. Full nudity is also accepted, and strongly encouraged...
Failure to comply may result in the intended recipient never seeing that great movie you want him to see.
It was bold. Yes, it should have been in Dutch, but I don't speak Dutch and writing it in English made the joke more self-deprecating. But it was so much more than a joke about a bikini picture. It insinuated that I would pleasure myself while looking at the picture, and it asked for more than just a bikini, with emphasis on sexy. It was a large step beyond any flirting we had engaged in before, and I was nervous about both her reaction, and about how far I was willing to go in my flirtation with her. It was blatant. It would make Christie furious if she found out.
It was funny, Emma would like that. Could it just be considered funny?
I sent it.
She replied with a big smiley face, but no picture. That was enough to fill me with giddiness. She hadn't slapped me down. She liked it. It was funny, but it was heavily flirtatious. We were at a new level and she was enjoying being there.
The next time I saw her at the gym she told me that she had actually looked through a bunch of her pictures to find one to send. She had been so close, but had held back. But telling me that, it was pretty much as flirtatious as sending a picture. Now she had admitted she wanted to. She admitted she wanted me lusting over a sexy picture of her. And so now it would be that much easier for me to keep asking her for it. And I did.
And eventually she asked me what she would get in return.
She was wearing her typical baggy workout pants, but with a form-fitting black shirt that had a low neckline so that the tops of her breasts spilled out a bit when she leaned forward. And she was leaning forward now, standing over me as I stretched on the floor.
I laughed, turning my face down again to avoid her catching me drooling over her cleavage. I said I was sure she didn't want a dick-pic. And before she answered I went on.
"You would get the satisfaction of knowing that you had given me very intense pleasure..." I looked back up at her, trying to match how direct she always was, and dared to say more. "...Intense pleasure while looking at that picture,in private.' I couldn't stop my quirky, half-embarrassed, half-confident, all-horny smile from surfacing, but I think she liked it.
"What would you want?" I asked in response to her silence, surprised at myself that I hadn't asked right away. The phone on her desk rang.
"Saved by the bell," she said, and walked away.
*****
I had been dying to kiss her, to touch her for so long, when she told me her birthday was coming up.
"That will be a good excuse to finally kiss you." I said.
"You could do that." She said back, immediately.
It's no big deal really. The Dutch greet family and close friends with three kisses, on alternate cheeks, and it's about as sexy as a handshake. But it would be a hell of a lot sexier between her and me. We had never touched at that point, ever. Not at all. Ok, maybe a shoulder pat once, I guess, but I think that was it.
But if I got a chance to kiss her cheeks, I was going to linger. I would put my hands on her hips. I would inhale her. I would probably get hard, I knew.
She was absent for five days straight around her birthday, taking a small vacation. I missed her terribly at my morning gym sessions. After two days, I e-mailed her, just to be in touch. Just to confirm again that I was going to kiss her. I couldn't wait to kiss her:
Hi Emma, I hope you have wonderful birthday!
x Mike
It was nothing. Short and lame. Needy almost, I felt embarrassed about it. But the little x was there to remind her: I was coming for that kiss
It was all about how she replied, and it couldn't have been better:
Thanks Mike, see you Tuesday!
X Emma
It took my breath away. A capital X!! She had held down that shift key to give me the big X (or autocorrect had made it capital, but fuck that, it was her intention). She had made it capital. She wanted a big kiss! My head was spinning. I couldn't stop thinking about it.
I was in the shower when I had an especially amazing masturbation session about her. It was unusual for me, because my masturbation fantasies are almost always about a girl getting me off: fucking, or a girl using her mouth or her tits or her hands or all of the above on me. But this was about me getting Emma off. And I came so hard. This difference fascinated me. I wanted to share the fantasy with her.
*****
When Emma returned to work I got my three Dutch kisses, and they were very nice. And I could tell they were very nice for her too. But they were fast and public. I wanted the big kiss but there was no privacy. I told her so.
"I wanted to kiss you on the lips."
"But you didn't have the balls?" Harsh, she was teasing me.
"I didn't have the privacy." That gave her pause. I went on:
"Do you have the balls to follow me into the bathroom?" The bathroom in the gym was unisex, with a common sink area, and then separate stalls for men and woman. We had never been alone in that bathroom before.
"No, I'm not brave enough." For the first time since I had known her, she seemed timid. For just that second, she was vulnerable and scared. But as always, direct and honest. She wanted that kiss, but it seemed like it was a dangerous thing to do. I let it go. I tried to finish my work-out with a half hard-on pushing against my thigh.
I knew for sure now that I turned this woman on. She was lusting for me even as I was lusting for her. But she was still more measured than me, more reserved, more skittish. She was staying a little more "good" than I was. She had a boyfriend. I was married. This was fun, but it was not something she wanted to engage in with complete abandon. I liked that. I wasn't that much beyond where she was at that point. At that point, the kiss was all I wanted.
The kiss was as far as I was willing to go, but that was already farther than I ever imagined I would go outside of my marriage. And the urge to have more of her was growing. I was losing control, and I wanted her to lose it too. I wanted to make her lose control over me, and I felt like I could. I felt like sharing that shower fantasy would do it. I could write it for her. I could write it for her and make her cum, and make her as crazy for me as I was for her.
"I thought about getting you a present for your birthday. But, well, you know..."
Lame, I was not off to a good start, bringing up the discomfort and inappropriateness of a married man buying a young woman he flirts with a gift. But I kept going.
"I had this really incredible fantasy about you the other day. About kissing you for your birthday. I thought about writing it down and giving it to you." We had already covered masturbation in our conversations implicitly, so it wasn't that shocking to her that I spoke of fantasizing about her explicitly now.
"Maybe if you had done that, I would have had the courage to follow you into the bathroom." She was so direct and unblinking. Looking right into me.
"Maybe I will then, and maybe I'll get that private kiss, eventually." And then I was out the door, embarrassed and feeling guilty.
But motivated.
Feeling very motivated.
I was going to write something so intense for her.
It took me four days:
I'm usually still thinking about you when I'm in the shower after a workout, and so one of my favorite fantasies is about you slipping into the shower with me. I'm all soapy and hard, and your hands are everywhere and I'm finally seeing you naked, and I'm feeling you against me... I don't let myself get too "into" that fantasy when I'm in the gym shower, of course, because there is no privacy (though the thought of you being just upstairs makes it tempting). But at home I can find the privacy to really, really enjoy imagining you with me.
Last Friday morning I was in the shower at my home, thinking about you, but not imagining you in the shower with me. I was thinking about that kiss. That big, capital X you put in your e-mail. It affected me like a promise:
"You are going to get a great big, wet kiss from me." it seemed to say. I couldn't resist the idea. I told myself that would be the line, the last line I would cross. One kiss. One electric kiss, quick, but not too quick. Just a tantalizing, brief taste of you, and that would be the memory. That would be the extent of the infidelity and the everlasting wet dream.
I was rubbing soap all over my body, and getting big, and just imagining. What would it be like? How would it happen? Obviously I couldn't kiss you on the lips like that in front of the whole gym. A lot of people there know I'm married with kids, and I'm sure a few know that you have a boyfriend. It would be scandalous. But I thought you wanted that kiss, and so how did you want it to happen?
I imagined that first it would just be the three Dutch kisses (that was so nice).
I imagined stepping back and looking at you after, the desire for more showing on your face, showing on my face.
I imagined.
The tension from those three little kisses leaves me tongue-tied for a second, and so I just smile at you and go into the bathroom to fill my water bottle. I'm trembling just slightly, the smell of your hair and the feel of your cheek against my lips still with me. A half minute later, you come in.
And we're alone.
You take just one step into the room, the door closed behind you. We're close, in that small room, but I'm still facing the sink, gripping the edge tightly, trying to contain my lust. I look at you silently, and you look back at me with those eyes. You are so beautiful; you are so sexy. You stand easily, with confidence, looking calm but I can see some of the arousal you are feeling. And you speak first:
"You gave me goose bumps with those kisses." (I loved it when you told me I gave you goose bumps). I turn toward you.
"Let me feel," I say, and I reach out my right hand and touch your bare arm. The tiny hairs are raised like lightning is about to strike. I have so many reasons not to do anything, but I can't stop myself from moving even closer. Now I'm standing at your right side, very close, and you are suddenly breathing hard, but you don't move away.
I'm facing you, from beside you, my chest against your shoulder and my breath touching your upper neck behind your ear. My left hand moves gently to your lower back, and my right hand moves from your arm to your belly. Your heart is beating so hard I can feel it through your skin, but you are still. I know you're conflicted too. I know you want to kiss, you want to turn and melt into me, but for now, you are so torn between passion and commitment that you don't move. You just let me touch you, breathless.
And I can't stop.
"I want to feel more." I whisper. My voice is low and thick and you feel my words rumble against the side of your face. I smell good, clean, but like a man. My hand moves down your belly and dips under your clothes. You close your eyes. I go right down, and I feel youthere.You gasp. My fingers press gently against the opening. You are already so wet. You don't think you've ever gotten so wet, so fast before.
I groan, half a growl. I want to be inside you so badly. But I'm married and you are taken and we are in the bathroom and this is your job and anyone could walk in at any second... So I slowly start to pull my hand out. My fingers are slippery and as they retreat they give your clitoris just the lightest, slickest caress. I'm tortured by how much I want to keep my hand there. How much I want to taste you there, but I know that I have to stop now. What we are doing is crazy, I know, and so I continue to take my hand away...
But you grab my wrist with both your hands, and you keep me there. We've come this far and now you don't want me to stop. I'm completely overcome by your action. By our mutual passion. We are risking so much for this moment. Some of the people out there in the gym are probably suspicious already: they've seen our body language, they've overheard things. Another member could come and interrupt us at any second, all jealous and indignant. Your boss could come looking for you...
But... For just a few seconds longer... You want me there so badly, and neither of us can resist. I let my hand go lower again. You turn your head toward me and our lips meet, finally. Like torrential, hot rain after a drought. It feels so good that we momentarily forget that there is anything else at all. I'm lost in the taste and the feel of your mouth. I want to consume you completely, everywhere.
Your tongue presses against mine, and you part your legs a little more, urging me into you. I move in and out slowly, savoring the feel of you. My other hand reaches around your back to your opposite side, moving up your torso to massage your breast. You break our kiss for a moment to breathe deeply. You're almost dizzy with pleasure. My mouth and tongue move to your neck for a moment before returning to your lips.
Below, my fingers dance with your clitoris, moving it in slow, easy circles, and then dipping low again to go into you. I'm worshipping you with my hand, exploring in wonder, playing with a purpose:
I want you to cum.
I'm so hard, feeling you. You still hold my wrist with your left hand, but now your right hand reaches towards me to feel the outline of my cock in my pants. It's straining against the fabric, pushing outward with so much force. You wrap your hand around as much of it as you can, stroking and squeezing lightly, but you can't concentrate enough to get it out of my pants.
You don't want anything to be different, right now. You want everything exactly like this. My body so close, my mouth on yours, my cock in your hand, my wrist gripped tight in your other hand, my fingers... my hand... my fingers. You are quickly approaching orgasm.
And you would want more, if there was time. You would want us both naked, want me all over your body, want me in your mouth, and deep into your center, but you know there is no time for anything more than this, and this is so intense and perfect.
And so you let yourself go, and you start to cum in enormous waves of physical bliss, your mouth still on mine as you moan into me and my hand is soaked and my cock is throbbing through my pants in your hand like it might burst, and you squeeze and you shudder and shake and kiss me so hard as your orgasm just continues on and on and on and on, and I've never been so turned on in my life.
And at home, in my shower, with every muscle flexed tight in a spasm of gratification, I explode into the air.
Four days of writing and editing and writing and editing to get the story just how I wanted it. I must have read it over twenty times, making small edits here and there. For three nights straight I jerked-off thinking about it. It was hot. She would find it so hot. This was going to make her cum, I knew it would. Could I really send this? This was crossing a line much further on than flirting with a woman who was not my wife: This was seduction. Hell, this was foreplay.
I attached it to an e-mail. I put in her address. My mouse cursor hovered over the "send" button. I thought of my wife and kids. This is bad. I moved the cursor to "discard". I thought of my kids trying to understand why their parents were getting divorced. I thought of my wife's pain and anger as she confronted me about some mistake I had made that revealed it all to her. I didn't click the mouse button. I just stayed there over "discard".
I knew what the right thing to do was. And I knew that the wrong thing wasn't always irredeemable. I thought of lifting Emma onto my hard cock, sliding into her hot, tight, wet, wet, wet pussy, my lips on her lips...
I clicked "send".
It was done.
She would be coming for me now.
*****
Emma's reaction was short, but it spoke volumes. I opened her email:
Holy Fuck, Mike! Great writing! I don't know what else to say right now...
That was it, but I never heard her swear before, or say Holy-anything, and she had written my name right in the middle of it. She wasaffected. I got her. I felt a momentary break from the longing. I felt satisfied, happy, ecstatic. I knew I had made her cum. I knew I had made her want me, at least during the reading, like I wanted her.
By the next day, I wanted even more. She was flushed when I saw her. Whatever attraction she had felt towards me before, now it was larger, more insistent. And it was turned a thousand fold onto me. Whatever she felt for me just multiplied what I felt for her, practically paralyzing me.
I can't even remember my workout session that day. All I remember is my heart beating so hard and loud, and my voice feeling thick and clumsy. I fumbled for words whenever we talked, and she blushed at almost anything I said. I was half-hard the whole time, and I could tell she was wet. I don't remember leaving. Time with her was like being in a hurricane, thundering, powerful, frightening and exciting; time without her was a grey blur of waiting.
*****
And then it was that evening, and the stars had aligned. Someone up there wanted me to see something...
Christie had gone out with her girlfriends. My kids were all in bed. Emma was alone at her apartment: no boyfriend because she had an early morning. We were, for the first time, chatting over e-mail.
I still wanted a picture...
At some point that morning Emma told me that, like me, she also enjoyed writing erotic prose. That blew me away. I had worried that my writing would be just a little nerdy to her, but it turned out that not only did she appreciate that form of sexual expression, she engaged in it too. And so we found ourselves in e-mail contact, as we both sat alone in our homes simultaneously working on our respective erotic writing: fantasies we had about each other.
She was out there, imagining sex with me and writing it down. I was imagining sex with her and writing it down. And every few minutes we'd fire off a line to one another. And she was hungry for more from my dirty mind:
Any chance for a preview of your next story?
I was halfway through a second piece, a little racier than the first, but one that started off from where the first had ended. I replied.
Sure, if you send me a sexy picture.
And finally, one came.
She was coming out of the ocean at night, stepping into the light of a beach fire. It was a little blurry - someone had caught her on their phone - but it was the sexiest thing I ever saw in my life. She was half turned away, but with her face oriented to notice the picture being taken, with a half-surprised and indignant look. The other half of the look was all self-aware exhilaration that someone was catching just how sexy she looked at that moment on camera.
She was wearing a lacy white thong and bra that were probably see-through when wet, but the lighting didn't allow that detail. But the white bra against the black night showed hard nipples pointing outward. And her wet thong clung to her pelvis in a way that told me she was shaved bare down there. I was so hard. I sent her part of the first paragraph of my newest piece:
That moment, in the bathroom, it happened.
My cock had never been so full. It almost hurt as you squeezed it through your orgasm, but not enough to make me want you to stop squeezing. I felt like my hard-on would never go down again. I could cum so quickly, I knew, if you pulled me out of my pants and just gave me one or two strokes I would blast out all over the floor, all over your hand and on to your body. But that would make a very difficult predicament considering where we were, and we had already been out of sight for several minutes.
And fighting with my own need for release, I had this overwhelming desire to go down on you and taste all that wetness. I wanted to be there with my whole face, my tongue, my lips... bury them into you and suck and lick and swallow and kiss. You were still pressed against me, riding out the last few crests of your orgasm, grinding against my hand, so amazingly wet it was driving me insane.
Her reply drove me wild:
Oh my God I love it! If you'll excuse me, I'm going to go have a shower now. And I will be thinking of you as I soap up my breasts, my thighs, and my belly. And then as I rinse, I'm going to move my hand down slowly between my legs... I'm going to let my fingers tease my clit a bit, pretending they're yours, before slipping them inside my wet pussy. Wet for you. Gushing for you. I'm going to cum all over my hand while thinking about you.
It was so hot, and I was panting, but she was leaving the chat and so I was also devastated
Don't go. Let me see you. I want to see your face right now: turned on.
She hadn't left yet. I had e-mailed back just in time.
You can't see me. I don't have a webcam...
Were we bartering?
Send me another picture. Right now, with your phone, send me your face as you look right now. I want to see you hot for me. I want to see you so badly.
Wewerebartering.
What will you do for me?
I would do anything:
Anything.
She had something in mind.
I want to see you look at me. I want to see you enjoy looking at me.
I turned my webcam on and sent a link of where to find me.
Send me the picture.
She teased.
Not yet, enjoy the first one now. Let me SEE.
I adjusted my laptop so my whole upper body was in view from my lap to my face. I took off my shirt, and unzipped my pants. I couldn't see her, but she could see me as my cock sprung from my clothes like a wild animal breaking its cage. I was really hard. I resized the picture to fit half my screen, and kept my e-mail open on the other half. I started stroking my dick. I was so turned on, there was no embarrassment at all, just lust. And apparently she approved:
You look good.
I was flattered, and I stroked a little faster. I was in love with the photo, typing with one hand as I stroked with the other.
You look amazing in that photo. I could spend a lifetime licking the skin just above the waistband of that thong.
There was no answer for a while, and I got more absorbed in the picture, in touching myself and imagining worshiping that body of hers.
I want to see you cum.
She was going to. I told her:
You will.
I imagined her playing with her pussy at her home, watching me. Eyes on my massive erection. Wet noises as she moved her fingers quickly in and out of herself.
I'm going to cum too. I'm so wet watching you. I wish I was there, licking your balls. Kissing your thighs, flicking my tongue against the head of your dick, touching your chest.
I was so close. My eyes darted back and forth between her writing and her photo. Every time my inbox beeped with a new e-mail I almost came. I was going to cum right there in front of her, and it was going to be huge.
I couldn't see her. For all I knew she was watching and laughing with a group of friends, but it didn't matter. She was saying all the right things and showing me all the right things to bring me to a massive orgasm. My inbox beeped again. There was no text, but a picture attachment. I clicked on it.
Half my screen filled up with a close-up picture of a very wet, shaved pussy. There was wetness dripping out of it. It was a pussy in the middle of being masturbated. Her lips were open and blushing, slick and inviting. Her clit was engorged. It was clutching, sucking, begging for contact.
As soon as I realized what I was seeing I starting to cum uncontrollably. I wasn't ready. The first stream of ejaculate landed in a wet line across my chest and stomach. She was seeing this, rubbing herself off. Two more spurts splashed upward across my body and then several more gushes overflowed out to drip down my fingers as my hand continued to pump up and down. I shook violently, grunting and groaning like I was enduring medieval torture. But it was bliss. And she was watching. Another email came that was clearly one-handed and careless:
i cum too nowwwwwwwwwww... wwwwwwwwwwwwww... wwwwwwwwwwwww
I just kept stroking my cock, my orgasm refusing to die, my cum lubricating the whole thing, keeping it feeling just divine. My eyes rolled back in my head, it was too good.
It was several long minutes before I regained my composure. I e-mailed her again in gratitude.
That was amazing. That was so hot, I came so hard. You are out-of-this-world sexy.
I sat there for over ten minute before I got a reply.
The last picture wasn't me. It was just something I found on the internet.
I was hurt. I was dumbfounded. Of course it was her. It had to be her. It was her pussy, she sent me. Why did she suddenly want to take it away?
Oh come on! It was you. I know it was yours. Why are you playing now?
No answer. I waited over an hour. It was after midnight when I accepted that no response was coming. She had taken it back. Why? Second thoughts? Guilt? Why? It was so amazing, why did she want to take it back?
And this was just the first experience with Emma. It only got more confusing, and it only got more complicated, and it only got hotter. Holy fuck did it ever get hotter.