My heart was stampeding around my chest as I sat alone in a booth of a stylish cocktail bar, waiting to see if I was going to have to stay alone. I subconsciously sipped my glass of gin as I scanned the room for the hundredth time for any sign of the woman I was here to meet, a constant stream of worst-case scenarios ricocheting around my head.
We had matched online a couple of weeks ago and had been talking every day since, getting to know each other's interests before we finally had the ideal opportunity to meet in person. I was coming to Leeds for work and would be staying in a city-centre hotel, all alone, for two whole weeks. Sophia recommended the cocktail bar, the kind with deep booths and dark lighting, perfect for spending time together privately in an entirely public place.
I could feel beads of sweat beginning to slither down my skin as the nervousness got the better of me; I've never been more grateful for having the foresight to bring a jacket.
I raised my glass back up to my lips for another sip of courage, hoping to drown out the annoying voice constantly insisting that everything was going to go wrong. I didn't need the gin; the voice subsided in an instant when, over the rim of my glass, I glimpsed Sophia pushing through the door and standing near the entrance to scan the room.
I stood up to get her attention, her face was split by a brilliant and reassuring smile as she caught sight of me walking over to greet her. I bent in to kiss her on the cheek, being careful not to disturb the short auburn hair that she'd swept over to one side.
"You look spectacular!" I declared, stepping back a little to admire her red-wine minidress that revealed every flowing contour of her slender figure, the lace lining of her thigh-high stockings poking out under the hem.
"Thank you; you don't look so bad yourself," she offered, half-curtseying with another gorgeous grin.
"Come on over, I got you a drink." We had agreed in advance that whoever arrived first would have a drink ready and waiting for the latecomer.
I waited for a moment while she slid into the booth, before easing myself in and settling down beside her. I raised my glass to her, "Here's to finally getting to meet in person."
"Cheers," she said as our glasses clinked together.
"Can I say, you look gorgeous in your profile, but I'm honestly stunned by how beautiful you are!"
"Thanks," she smiled.
"Oof, did that sound as cheesy as it felt saying it?" I joked.
"Absolutely!" She teased, giggling. "But, I liked it anyway, you can compliment again," she said, with a casual smile.
"Oh, I plan to. I'll tell you what: I'll do it five more times before the end of the night. And, I'll try to make each one even cheesier than the last," I promised, doing my best to flash a cheeky grin.
"I'll hold you to that, I'll be keeping count."
With the ice broken, the conversation flowed comfortably, picking up from where we left off in our last online chat. We joked and laughed for hours, while the drinks kept flowing in and the conversation turned to sex, as it always seemed to when we talked. We shared our interests, turn-ons and offs and kinks, seeking out the common ground that we shared.
"I really want to kiss you!" I declared, leaning forward slightly to gauge her response.
"Yeah, why don't you?" She teased, holding my gaze.
I reached out to lightly place my hand on her cheek and pulled her gently towards me, leaning in and pressing my lips to hers. I felt her lips part and snaked my tongue out to meet hers, tasting the wine as her tongue danced against mine. My free hand snuck under the table to rest on her thigh, my fingertips caressing around the hem of her dress.
Without breaking off the kiss she shifted herself closer to me, pressing her thigh against mine. She placed her own hand on my thigh, copying mine, and started to squeeze and stroke through the material. I took hold of her hand and moved it to rest on my crotch, letting her feel how hard I already was. She took the implied instruction without hesitating and wrapped her fingers around my shaft, squeezing and rubbing through my trousers.
"Mmm, that feels good," I moaned softly, encouraging her to keep going. My lips shifted from hers and kissed along her cheek and the line of her jaw, seeking out the side of her neck.
I scanned the room quickly to make sure we didn't have an audience before whispering an order in her ear, "Take off your knickers!" I felt the slight change in her breathing and she squeezed hard on my cock as her nerves fought with her arousal.
"Here?" She pleaded.
"Here," I insisted. "Now!"
After a quick glance around the room to check the coast was clear, she bit her lip and released my cock. She slipped her fingertips under the hem of her dress and slid it up slightly to allow herself better access to the lining of her knickers. I caught a glimpse of the thin suspender straps running over her hips to the lacey tops of her stockings. She revealed a glossy dark purple thong, decorated with black lace, and hooked her thumbs into the hem, raising herself off the seat and sliding the thong over her hips and onto her thighs.
"All the way off," I whispered, encouraging her to slide them over her knees, where they dropped to rest around her ankles. "Give them to me," I ordered, holding out my hand.
She stepped out of the tiny knickers and reached down to pick them up, handing them over as she readjusted her dress to cover her bum. Holding her gaze, I scrunched the tong in my hand and lifted it to my nose, inhaling the musky, intoxicating scent of her pussy. I pushed the pants into my pocket and beckoned her in for another long, intense kiss.
"You smell incredible," I whispered, breaking away from the kiss. "I can't wait to find out what you taste like."
"Why don't we head back to yours," she suggested with an eager grin.
"I don't want to wait that long." I pushed her hand under the table and placed it on her thigh. "Show me how wet you are!"
She hesitated for a moment, glancing nervously around the room again, before relenting, spreading her knees slightly and slipping her fingers under her dress. There was a subtle pop, barely audible above the sound of the music, as she drew her fingers back out again and raised them over the table, holding them up proudly for me to see. Two of them were drenched, glistening as she moved them under the copper light, marble with creamy white cum.
I took hold of her hand and pulled it up to my mouth, drawing them into my mouth one at a time and thoroughly cleaning each of them, savouring the slightly sweet, slightly salty flavour of her pussy.
"Now we can go," I said, standing up from the bench and offering her my hand to help her out after me. I held her jacket up for her to step into before taking her hand and leading the way out of the bar. We stepped out into the gradually cooling evening air and made our way down the street in the direction of my hotel. Sophia clung to my arm with her free hand, holding her body close to mine as we strolled along.
Even on a weeknight Leeds' streets are busy, so when I spotted a narrow alley with hardly any people around I seized my chance, stepping in and dragging her along after me. I pressed her up against the wall, placing one hand on the back of her to make sure she didn't hit it too hard while my other hand pinned hers to the wall behind her waist. My lips found hers and my tongue darted out, pushing through for another deep kiss. I forced my body against hers, pushing my thigh between her legs so that I could grind against her pussy, through her dress.
She tried to reach around my waist with her free hand, so I released her head to snatch her hand away and pin it to the wall above her head. Her hips bucked forwards, desperately trying to rub her clit against my leg. Leaving her hand behind her back, I reached down to grasp a firm cheek, curling my fingers under the hem of her dress and lifting it up to reveal everything to anyone lucky enough to pass by. My hand slid around to the front and squeezed down between our hips. My fingers found her mound, decorated with a small tuft of hair just above her lips. Even on the outside of her lips, she was soaked, I could feel where her cum had leaked out and rubbed between her thighs as she walked. A delicate squeak escaped from her lips as I plunged two fingers deep inside her and twirled them around.
Our breathing was ragged when I broke off the kiss, released her hands and stepped back to take in the view. My fingers slid out, pulling a slender trail of cum with them that broke off and clung to her thigh. She held her position, waiting for instructions and allowing me to savour the sight of her forced against the wall, dress pulled up to reveal her dripping pussy, and chest heaving with every breath.
I raised my cum-drenched fingers to my mouth, sucking one of my fingers clean, while I held my free hand out to her, inviting her off the wall. She took my hand and stepped forward, without adjusting her dress. I took the remaining cum-soaked finger and pressed it between her lips, making her clean her own cream off, before reaching around to grab a handful of her arse.
I pulled down the hem of her dress to cover her bum again before taking her hand and leading her back out into the street. The few people nearby didn't seem to have noticed, and if they did, we didn't care. We carried on walking towards the hotel and her breathing gradually calmed down on the way.
I caught a glimpse of her in the reflection of a nearby shop window, striding along in heels that made her bum look even more amazing than it already was. I glanced around to check if anybody was nearby, fortunately, this stretch of road was quiet. I let go of her hand and reached down to lift her dress to reveal her butt to the world.
"Walk ahead, I want to watch!" I ordered, pressing firmly on the small of her back to push her ahead of me. She obliged, strutting out in front, intentionally swaying her hips to show off the obvious tan line from where she'd recently been tanning in a bikini. She glanced over her shoulder, flashing me a cheeky smile.
"Turn around, I want to see the front," I called after her, just loud enough for only her to hear. She spun to face me and lifted the hem of her dress a little to make sure I got a good view of shaved pussy, glistening in the evening light, the little strip of brown hair perfectly guiding the way. She tried walking backwards slowly but struggled in her heels, letting me catch up.
As I approached and pulled her in for another passionate kiss she tugged her dress back down to cover herself up.
"God you're perfect," I said, pulling back slightly to look at her. "But, I didn't say you could pull your dress back down, so now I'm going to have to punish you," I threatened.
"Oh really, how?" She teased, an eager glint flashed in her eyes as she grinned up at me.
"Close your eyes," I ordered. "Hold out your hands and cross them." She did as she was told without hesitation, biting her lip with anticipation. I pulled my tie out of my pocket; threading it around her wrists, I bound her hands firmly behind her back, leaving a strand of the tie free for me to hold as a leash.
I looked up and down the street, making sure nobody was nearby, before pulling her dress back up again.
"Come on then," I beckoned, leading her on down the road, towards the hotel. I could see her nerves almost getting the better of her as we neared the corner at the end of the road, her eyes were darting around, terrified that someone would catch us. Luck was on our side and the only people we saw were far enough away to make Sophia nervous without actually being able to make out any details.
I took pity on her as we approached the doors to the hotel, stopping her briefly to pull her dress back down and arrange it neatly, placing my hand on her bum to push her along again. I led her through the foyer, striding through with my hand covering the restraints to avoid drawing any unwanted attention and heading straight for the lifts. After a brief wait for the next lift to arrive, I ushered her in when the doors opened and positioned her in the centre of the lift, facing the doors. I took my place directly behind her, making sure that she could feel my cock pushing through my jeans and pressing against her arse. I was relieved when the doors slid shut without anybody else joining us.
The instant the doors closed I pushed her forward, forcing her to bend at the waist and brace herself against the doors with her bound hands, before I dropped to my knees and drove my tongue deep between her cheeks, slithering around the rim of her hole. She gasped and twitched when I plunged two fingers deep into her pussy, thrusting rapidly as I added the thumb from my free hand, using it to draw firm circles around her slippery clit.
Her legs were already quivering when the ping announced that we had reached our floor. I quickly stood and pulled Sophia upright before the doors opened to reveal an elderly couple, waiting in the corridor. "Evening," I flashed them a smile, knowing full well that my chin was glistening with a coating of my own saliva, and led Sophia out of the lift, her dress still riding up at the back and hiding nothing.
I pulled Sophia along the corridor, seeking out my room and digging in my pocket for the keycard. I dragged her in behind me, swiftly shutting the door, desperate to finally have her alone where there was no longer any chance of being interrupted. I forced back against the door, pressing hard against her as I claimed another deep kiss, letting her taste her own arse on my tongue. I raised her bound wrists and looped the tie over the coat hook on the back of the door, effectively restraining her where she stood.
I dropped to my knees again and hoisted her dress up around her waist, desperate to finally get a proper taste of her delicious pussy. I dove forward, too eager to spend time teasing around the outside, I went straight for the clit, sucking the swollen nub into my mouth and flicking it with my tongue. My fingers pushed up into her pussy, thrusting hard. I could feel her muscles twitching inside as her ragged breathing was punctuated by squeals and moans.
She tried her best to encourage me with things like "Yes" and "Keep going", but what came out was little more than a desperate whisper as I pulled one of my fingers out and pressed the tip against her butthole, gently pushing it past the resistance of her opening. The instant it broke through she screamed and erupted with a spectacular orgasm, her hips bucked wildly, slamming her bum against the door, until her knees buckled and she was left dangling from her bindings.
I looked up at her and grinned as she tried her best to get her breathing back under control, staggering back to her feet with my fingers still embedded in both her holes. I stood up and pulled her face to mine, eager for another kiss with her expert tongue.
When I finally pulled away I could see her chin streaked with her own creamy juices where they had rubbed off mine. I gently pulled my fingers out and lifted her hands down from the hook, dragging her into the room and over towards the bed.
"My turn," I insisted. "On your knees."
She kicked off her heels and dropped to her knees without hesitation, eagerly waiting for me to peel off my jacket and shirt, before unbuckling my jeans and allowing them to fall around my ankles. My solid cock was trying to burst its way out of my tight boxers and there was a small dark patch where my precum had leaked out. When I tugged down on my pants, my cock sprang free, standing proud. Sophia was as eager as my cock and she reached out with her hands, still bound up with my tie, grasping around the shaft and pulling me closer until it was only a few centimetres from her open mouth.
She had more control than I did and used her hands to point my cock upwards so that she could repeatedly run her tongue up the length of it, from my balls all the way to the tip. Shockwaves surged through my entire body every time she neared the head and I almost burst when she finally took the tip into her warm mouth, closing her lips tightly around my shaft and swirling her tongue the tip.
When she pulled me back out of her mouth, lightly scraping her teeth along the underside of my shaft it was too much to bear. I couldn't hold on any longer and when my clock plunged back into her mouth I groaned and spasmed as what felt like lightning bolts bounced around my body. Streams of cum erupted from my cock and spurted straight into the back of her mouth and down her throat as her hands did their best to milk every last drop.
I had to pull away when the sensations grew too intense and I staggered backwards, trying to regain composure as Sophia grinned up at me, proudly opening her mouth and sticking out her tongue to prove that she'd swallowed every drop.
Smiling, I grabbed her hands and pulled her up onto her feet, holding her close and enjoying another passionate kiss. We collapsed onto the bed and she wrapped her bound hands around my neck to hold me close as we embraced and kissed.
"I had my doubts about online dating, but I'm really glad I matched with you," I offered before diving back in for another kiss. Not quite spent, I started kissing along her cheek and down her neck, hoping to keep her turned on and in the moment. By the time I made it to her shoulders, I realised that she was still almost fully dressed. I rose to untie her wrists and pulled her off the bed after me, standing her up so that I could peel the skin-tight dress down over her flowing curves.
The harness bra that had been mostly on show all night followed close behind the dress to reveal a perfect pair of handful-sized breasts, crowned with dark nipples that were standing proud, eager for attention. I took a breast in each hand, squeezing and caressing them while twirling the swollen nipples with my thumbs.
I pushed her back onto the bed and climbed on top of her, using my knees to push her thighs aside. She wrapped her ankles around my waist and as we kissed I could feel her hips bucking up to meet mine, trying to find my cock and guide it in towards her eager hole. I didn't need much encouragement and with the tip of my dick, I could feel her lips spread wide and coated in her warm cum. I stroked her lips with the head of my cock, trying to tease her before gently pressing against her opening.
A gasp burst out of her when I finally stopped teasing and plunged my cock in as far as it would go, pressing my balls against her cheeks. The sensations were phenomenal as her warm pussy clenched around my shaft, gripping tight as I pulled back out, thrusting in and out over and over again. Her ankles, linked around my waist, pulled me in with each thrust, making them harder as I lowered my head to suck one of her nipples into my mouth, flicking it with my tongue.
Releasing her nipple, I rose so that I could look down on her and enjoy the view of her tits bouncing as I thrust into her. She reached up with her hand to caress my chest with her nails; I seized her hand and guided it down to her pussy.
"I want to watch you play with yourself," I demanded and her fingers started drawing rough circles over her clit as her free hand came up to pinch and twist her own nipple.
I could see a ring of thick white cream building up around the base of my cock, growing with every thrust into her soaking wet pussy. Her fingers seemed to be doing their job as her breathing grew less constant, broken by moans and whines whenever they found their target. Her muscles were spasming around my dick and I could feel the first telltale signs of my own orgasm building up deep within.
She tried her best to keep her eyes on me as she stammered "I'm gonna cum again!" Only a few seconds later she squealed as the orgasm exploded within her. Her thighs clamped tight around my waist as she bucked uncontrollably under me. Her pussy muscles clenched so hard that they forced me out of her as my orgasm erupted and I took my cock in my hand, jets of cum spraying out and decorating her toned stomach as my hips continued desperately thrusting into nothing.
I collapsed forward onto her, trying to get my breathing back under control and ignoring the cum sandwiched between our bodies. We crawled under the sheets and drifted off into a peaceful sleep, cuddling together in a tight embrace.
___
The sunrise blazing in through the open curtains pulled me gently away from my dreams and I woke to find Sophia still lying peacefully by my side. Careful not to wake her, I snuck out of bed and wandered into the bathroom to clean myself up.
I came out to find Sophia still asleep, lying on her front with a peaceful look spread over her face. I climbed carefully onto the bed to sit beside her, slowly dragging the sheet down so that it flowed over the curve of her hips. A subtle smile crept onto her lips as my fingertips stroked over her back, from her shoulders down to the shallow dimples over her cheeks.
My lips joined my fingers, placing a string of kisses down the length of her spine, rewarding me with a soft moan and a whispered "That feels nice." While I kissed her back and caressed her with my tongue, my fingers strayed down to tease her thighs, stroking along the seam between her legs and cheeks. She rolled further over onto her front and I pushed one of her knees up, spreading her thighs apart and giving me the perfect view of her pussy. Her lips were already glistening as her cum leaked out, catching the dawn light.
I sat up to enjoy the sight of my fingers teasing just beyond her outer lips, drawing a figure-eight by looping around her pussy and arsehole, gradually getting closer with each pass. By the time I ran my finger along the inside of her outer lips a small drip of cum had run out and gotten caught in her little tuft of hair.
I took her inner lips between my thumb and finger and delicately caressed them, sliding up and down each, paying equal attention to each side in turn. Her clit had swollen and was sticking out between her lips, begging for attention; I tried my best to resist the temptation, wanting to focus on teasing her first.
I reached over and grabbed one of the pillows, folding it up and pushing it under her hips, raising them up to push her bum in the air. Her lips spread wide, revealing her glistening, dark pink hole and inviting me in. I placed my fingertip at the entrance and very slowly pushed my way in, noting how her whole body tensed up slightly as I swirled my finger in small circles, exploring every inch of soft, warm flesh.
She moaned and dug her fingers into the sheets as I pushed a second finger in alongside the first, spreading her open a little more. My fingers thrust slowly in and out of her, collecting streaks of white cream every time they plunged deep enough.
While my two fingers explored deep inside I placed the tip of my thumb on her clit, rubbing small circles with every thrust. Sophia's legs twitched and spasmed every time I found the spot and her hips were bucking up off the pillow, matching my thrusts, desperately trying to drive my fingers even deeper.
I lowered my face to kiss all around her cheeks, edging closer to her crack, until I could trace small circles around her butt hole with the tip of my tongue, exploring the small creases of her tight opening. Her moans were desperate now as she pressed her face into the pillow, her hips twitching uncontrollably, forcing me to chase her clit with my thumb. She desperately tried encouraging me to keep going, barely able to get any words out, as my thumb flicked her clit while my fingers rubbed hard on her g-spot.
The muscles in her pussy were doing their best to crush my fingers as her moans turned to whimpers. I pulled my tongue away from her butthole and pushed my other thumb against her opening, using my saliva as lube. The instant my thumb broke through, the new stimulation was all it took to push her over the edge. She screamed into the pillow as her knees slammed tight together, her entire body spasmed uncontrollably as a jet of clear fluid erupted from her pusy, drenching the pillow.
She lay there for an age, hiding her face in her pillow as her body settled down. I slipped my fingers out of her pussy, licking them clean and relishing the taste of her sweet cream. I tried pulling my thumb from her rear but the muscles had clenched so tightly that I couldn't get it out. I ran my fingers over back, stroking and caressing her until she started to relax a little and her thighs were no longer squeezed tightly together.
I pushed her knees apart, moving to kneel between her thighs. I hoisted her hips up off the pillow and aimed the tip of my swollen cock at the entrance to her soaking-wet pussy. As I pushed in her slippery cum made it easy to overcome any resistance from her muscles and plunged deep, until my balls brushed against her lips. She whimpered with every thrust into her hyper-sensitive pussy and I could feel her driving her hips back against mine, helping me to go deeper.
I looked down to watch the white ring of cum collecting around the base of my shaft, my thumb still buried deep in her arsehole. The feeling of her warm, tight wetness wrapped around my cock was exquisite as I pounded harder. There was a dull throbbing building around my balls and I felt my cock tighten even further. I lost all sense of rhythm as the orgasm surged through my body, every nerve ending in my skin being assaulted by electricity. I thrust in one last time before the streams of cum exploded from my cock.
It took a long time for me to regain composure, kneeling behind Sophia with my cock gradually softening in her pussy and my thumb still embedded in her arse. I finally slid my thumb back out of her hole, I could feel her pussy muscles twitch around my cock as she reacted to the sensation. I braced myself before reaching forward to grab a fistful of her hair, pulling her upwards onto her knees so that I could wrap my arms around her, holding her close and pulling her in for a kiss from behind. My cock slid out of her as she rose and a trickle of our mixed cum dripped out onto the pillow, some running of it running down her thigh.
"You really are perfect, you know that?" I said when we broke off the kiss. "I can't believe you never told me you could squirt like that!"
She let out a shy giggle, "It doesn't happen often," she said. "And, not everybody likes it. It can be a bit embarrassing."
"Well the people who don't like it are crazy," I reassured. "It's one of the hottest things I've ever seen!" We shared one more kiss before I stood up and held out my hand for her. "Come on, let's go jump in the shower."