For about 3 weeks after that night in the hot tub I had somehow convinced myself that life was continuing on as it did before. I got up in the morning, went to work, came home, made supper (I love to cook), and then spent my evenings with Lee Anne. Nothing much had changed.
It really is amazing how you can fool yourself.
Sure, I got up as I normally would, but it was with a hard-on that I have been seemingly sporting sine the night before. It was like I was 17 again. My first thought as I awoke was the hot tub as was the last thought before I fell asleep at night. I went to work, and then proceeded to spend way too much time searching online ways to make my fantasy a reality. I had to be careful with that one.
At home in the evening I admittedly ruined more dinners than not. My focus was not on what I was doing. I was pretty sure that Lee Anne thought I was losing it. As much as bringing up the subject before was difficult I realized that bringing it up again was going to be even harder.
As most men can understand, you don't just bring up a subject like this just anytime. Even though we did "discuss" it before, it was a short discussing that ended up with my cock in her mouth. I had to pick a perfect time to reintroduce it.
Lee Anne would have to be in the perfect mood which means that she couldn't be thinking about work, the kids, our pets, her parents, laundry or any other of the thousands of things that women have on their minds at any given moment.
As for me, on the other hand, I could talk about sex anytime and anyplace. Lee Anne always joked that I could be on my death bed and still would be up for it. It's not like she would reject the idea when we did talk but I wanted her to be fully in the moment. Luckily that opportunity presents itself on a regular basis.
Years ago Lee Anne developed an issue with the bottom of her feet that required nightly applications of a special foot cream. It quickly healed but we became very used to her nightly foot rubs. It's not like I have a foot fetish but she does have very sexy feet and I definitely enjoyed massaging them.
Just to be clear it's not like I was being totally altruistic. I was getting something as well. If, as I was massaging her feet I positioned myself a certain way, Lee Anne could gently rub my balls and play around with my cock. In another position she could rub my ass and very lightly run her finger along the crack of my ass, once in a while gently grazing my asshole. Needless to say I kept everything immaculately clean. It was in my best interest to do so.
It got to the point where she couldn't get to sleep without both having her feet rubbed and playing with me. For the longest time I did get hard from her attention and, early on, this did cause some problems. Younger, stupider me was hoping that it would always lead to sex. This obviously couldn't happen every night and so I quickly had to figure things out.
The most obvious solution was fucking... or licking or sucking or whatever else would relieve the pressure. As much as this seemed like a great idea, in all honesty, we were not a "4 times a week" couple. Very early on we were probably averaging 3 to 4 times a week and that was fantastic but, after our children arrived on the scene, it dropped to a solid twice a week and we were happy. One of the main reasons we were happy was the second option I had at my disposal.
Masturbation. Lee Anne learned very early in our relationship that I masturbate. I have always done it and I intend to be reprimanded in my nursing home someday for continuing to do it. She understood that it wasn't a reflection of anything lacking in our relationship but, instead, was more of an indication that I really, really love to masturbate.
The experience of having your own hard dick in your hand is something that, if you don't happen to have a penis, you wouldn't understand. The intense sensation of keeping yourself of the edge of orgasm and then, once you pass the point of no return, your cum surging from deep in your balls is indescribable. It might be the blood rushing from your brain to your cock that does it but you feel like you are the king of the world and you can accomplish anything.
I suspect this is why our world is in the state that it is in.
So I loved to masturbate and Lee Anne was good with it. The problem was that I didn't always want to do it alone. So after about 20 minutes of me giving her a foot rub and, in return, Lee Anne giving my cock, balls, taint, and asshole her undivided attention, I would ask her if she wanted to be my cheerleader. It was a code name we came up with so she knew what my intentions were. She has never, in all of our years together, turned me down.
A typical "cheerleading" session might go like this:
I would start out on my back and she would nestle into me. I would hold my cock lightly at first and slowly start stroking. Lee Anne would then start nibbling on my earlobe which would send shivers down my spine directly to my balls. She would rub her hand over my chest and shoulders running her fingers through my chest hair. Feeling her soft, warm lips on me while at the same time, hearing her breathing heavily directly into my ear, thickened my cock further.
Lee Anne would then run her hand slowly down past my stomach at which point she would wrap her hand around the exposed head of my cock. Together we would slowly jerk me off while she would continue tonguing my ear.
Softly she would whisper, "I want you to cum for me. I want to feel your cock throb as you shoot all over yourself." God... I love it when she talks dirty! I could feel my balls start to tighten as I increased the tempo of my hand.
Sensing that I am close to cumming, Lee Anne would release her grip on me and trace her fingers down to my balls where she would gently massage them. Then, on to that wonderfully sensitive spot below my balls, she would apply firm pressure in a circular motion. As she did this she would intermittently dart a finger down to my butthole, circling it, barely touching it, and then back to my balls.
Back and forth she would go, increasing her pressure, matching the tempo of my strokes. Without breaking with her rhythm she repositioned herself to rub her large, soft breasts on my face, offering her beautifully erect nipples to my hungry mouth. I open wide to take in her entire areola and I lightly flick my tongue over the tip of her sensitive bud. She puts her other hand behind my head and pulls me in tighter.
My hand is now a blur as I am ready to cum. My muffled moans tell her that I am there, at which point she puts her finger directly on my hole and rhythmically pushes against it. I can't hold back anymore and the contractions in my balls sends my cum shooting onto the both of us. She keeps the pressure up with her finger and I keep pumping furiously until I am spent. I finally relax against the bed and she kisses me. Her lips are full and soft and cool. Like I said, I love masturbating.
Typically though the third option is more the norm. I rub Lee Anne's feet, she plays with me, and then we roll over and go to sleep. Not as sexy but life isn't always sexy is it? Over the years my penis has developed an artificial intelligence of sorts. If it senses that it won't be called into action it stays soft. I think of it as my own conservation of energy. It is the quintessential "glass is half full" cock. In its mind there is always tomorrow night.
As it had before, my guardian sex angel interceded on my behalf, and offered the perfect opportunity for me to broach the subject with Lee Anne. I found a story on line that I thought she would enjoy and suggested to her that she read it in bed while I rubbed her neck. Not one to turn down a massage she readily agreed.
After pouring Lee Anne a glass of wine, putting on some music, and lighting a scented candle I turned off the lights. I had her lay on the bed so that I could massage and moisturize her feet and legs. She needed to be fully relaxed and comfortable.
I propped some pillows up on the bed, lay against them, and had her lean against me so that I could massage her shoulders, neck, and head. Starting at the base of her neck, I gently pressed my thumbs in a line up to the back of her head and, all the while, worked my fingertips in a circular motion against her scalp. I could feel her slowly relax against me.
After a few minutes of giving her a gentle head massage I handed Lee Anne the tablet with the story loaded and ready for her.
The story involved two young couples, Marie and Andrew and Suzanne and Devin, who were camping together in a large national park that was only accessible by canoe. They had been friends for quite a while and there had been a long history of flirtatious behaviour and mutual attraction.
The trip starts out innocently enough with a long day of canoeing and setting up of the camp. After going for a swim, fixing dinner and relaxing by the fire, they retired to their respective tents.
______________________________________________
Marie and Andrew started kissing as soon as they pulled the zipper closed on the tent. They tried to be quiet as they quickly took off their clothes, but the harder they tried the louder they seemed to be. She pushed him onto his back and straddled his leg, grinding herself on his upper thigh. It had been a long day and there had been a lot of flirting. She was desperate for contact.
Encircling him with her hand she worked him up to full hardness using her thumb to massage the underside of his head with his precum. Staring into his eyes she pulled his hand to her.
"My God... you're so wet," Andrew whispered, slowly working his finger in and out of her.
"Mmmmmmmmm...keep doing that... yes... that's nice!" she sighed as she leaned forward with one hand on his chest.
In the soft glow of the camping lantern Andrew could see the intense focus in her expression, she was biting her lower lip to keep from crying out.
"Do you think they can hear us?" he asked quietly sliding another figure inside her.
"Hmmmmm." Marie moaned as he reached up with his other hand to cup her breast, feeling her nipple hard against his palm.
"Would it turn you on if they could?" he questioned futher, thrusting into her faster.
"Uh huh." she replied, not trusting herself to speak. She could feel the waves start deep within her, building with each probe of his finger. She needed him inside her.
Marie inched forward to place the head of his cock against her slit and gently guided it into her. With every inch she felt her core opening to accept him. She loved feeling him inside her, stretching her. The sweet sounds of her wetness magnified in the night air.
When she could feel herself fully seated against him she leaned back. She remained motionless to absorb the feeling up him pulsing inside her. Her release was looming but she wanted to hold on, to savour the moment.
"Touch yourself!" he demanded quietly. Her pleasure was under his control. Reaching between her thighs she lightly encircled her clit with her finger. Andrew's pubic hair was saturated from her excitement. His hands moved to her hips to pull her harder against him.
Faster and faster she picked up the rhythm on her clit, her breaths rapid and shallow. With her other hand she felt him where he entered her. Stroking the base of his cock with the tips of her fingers he inhaled sharply.
"Let me taste you!" he panted as he started pulling her back and forth against him, raising his hips to grind into her from underneath.
Marie brought her fingers to him to let him take in the musky, sweet aroma before placing them on his lips. He sucked them into his mouth hungrily, moaning loudly, no longer aware of the world outside their tent.
"Yessss" he hissed as the spasms started radiating out from his balls. Marie quickly released him from deep within her and mounted him again sliding her slick pussy up against the underside of his cock. His entire body tightened as he came. Marie massaged her clit against the thick ridge of his cock head, feeling him spasm against her, sending her over the edge.
Marie moaned as her core was overtaken . Clamping her thighs tightly against his waist, her entire being was overwhelmed, consumed by the waves of pleasure. His cum mixed with her own. Mere seconds became an eternity as they reached their peak together.
Silence then enveloped them as they became aware of the outside world again. Marie propped herself up and looked down at Andrew. Covering her mouth with her hand in mock horror, realizing how loud they actually were. There was no way that Suzanne and Devin didn't hear them. Others across the lake probably heard them.
Just then she paused, listening intently for something outside the thin walls of the tent. Smiling, she looked quickly at Andrew and held her finger up to her lips. Listening again to confirm what she heard she mouthed "I think they're doing the same thing".
She fell against him, pressing her face to his chest to help stifle the laughter. It didn't work as Andrew started with her. Realizing both the beauty and humour in the moment, they lay with each other enjoying the familiar sounds coming from the other tent.
______________________________________________
"Shhhhhhh! Did you hear that?" Suzanne whispered, releasing Devin's cock from her lips, turning her head toward the sound. She was quiet for a long moment. "I think they're fucking." she added quietly.
Devin tilted his head listen. He smiled. They were definitely fucking and, from the sounds of it, they were very close to finishing.
"That is so hot!" he said as he glanced towards Suzanne. She was on her knees between his legs, slowly sliding her hand along his length. With a mischievous smirk on her face she leaned forward and licked him from his balls to the tip of his cock and then took him completely in her mouth.
Devin was always amazed with Suzanne. She loved to suck cock and she was great at it. When she first told him that she could cum just from giving a blow job he knew that he was in for a wild ride. The fact that she had no gag reflex was the icing on the cake.
Looking at her now kneeling between his legs, one hand firmly wrapped around him and the other busy between her own legs he knew that he wasn't going to last long. Add to that the sexy rhythms coming from the next tent and he couldn't hold back.
"I'm close!" he grunted
Suzanne started stroking him at the base of his cock while flicking her tongue and sucking the under side of his cock head. Her eyes locked on his. She loved watching his face when he came.
She felt his contractions down to her core. She loved sucking him. How he felt so alive in her mouth. The taste. How he filled her mouth. Hard but at the same time so soft.
"Cum for me baby!" she panted, her lips pressed to him at his most senstitive spot. She felt her own orgasm build as her fingers thrust in and out, her palm pounding on her clit.
Devin's legs tightened with his impending climax. He grabbed the back of Suzanne's head as his first shot landed on his chest. He couldn't stop himself from grunting loudly as his balls tightened with the ensuing aftershocks. Suzanne's tongue and hands worked to continue to drain him.
Suzanne moaned against his softening cock as her thigh muscles began to quiver. Her explosion raditated from deep within her belly and down through her clit. Her skin flushed hot under and her orgasm washed over her in currents. Finally beginning to feel the pulses subside, she fell forward next to Devin; exhausted.
"That was fucking awesome!" Devin exclaimed a little too loudly. Suzanne immediately covered his mouth with her hand but not before she heard the muffled laughter coming from the other tent. Unable to help themselves Suzanne and Devin and joined in. She had a feeling that the next day was going to be a little different.
The next morning as they ate breakfast Suzanne decided to fire the first shot.
"I hope you guys slept ok last night." She asked, intentionally being coy. "I was a bit concerned that one of you was having a nightmare with all the moaning I was hearing."
Andrew almost choked on his eggs. Devin turned away suppressing a smile. He knew what Suzanne was like and should be used to this by now. Nothing she said ever surprised him.
"No. Not at all!" Marie countered trying hard to keep a straight face. "In fact, I was going to ask you the same thing".
The two stared at each for a moment, trying to see who would break. Marie could feel her face turning red and finally looked away. She could never beat Suzanne. She was a pro at mind games.
"Loser takes care of dishes." Suzanne announced happily. "Sorry, I don't make the rules."
After breakfast they opted to head out on the canoes to do some exploring but, after a few hours, the oppressive heat got to them and decided to head back to go for a swim instead.
The cool water was refreshing and soon had them in a playful mood.
Standing on Andrew's shoulders Marie attempted a front flip into the water and, in the process ,her bikini top came off. The water was a bit murky and they didn't immediately notice that the current took it away. It wasn't long before Marie realized that her options were limited.
"Come on guys. Turn around so I can get out and get a new top." She pleaded with them as she knelt in the shallow water to cover herself.
"You've got to be kidding?" joked Suzanne. "This is awesome. I'm going to enjoy this".
She glanced at Devin. "I'm pretty sure Devin is enjoying this too."
Devin seemed to not hear what she said but wasn't taking his eyes off Marie.
"Andrew...please help me!" Marie turned to her boyfriend.
"No way. I'm scared of Suzanne!" he backed away quickly as though his life were in danger.
"Seriously? They're only tits!" Suzanne chided her. "Look...I've got them too." Standing up she looked around to make sure everyone one was watching as she reached behind her and untied her top. Taking it off she bunched it up and threw it out of reach, allowing it to float away in the water.
"See!"
Standing with her hands on her hips Suzanne was almost daring the others to say something. She got nothing but silence.
Suzanne's wet skin glistened in the hot afternoon sun. Her small breasts, accentuated by the reflections off the water, were highlighted by her erect nipples which seemed to invite further attention. She was keenly aware what Andrew was focusing on.
"Come on. Don't be such a pussy" she dared Marie.
"Hey, I love pussy" Andrew, finally finding his voice, interjected.
"I'll get to you in a minute funny guy." Suzanne teased.
Devin glanced back and forth between the girls. He loved looking at Suzanne's body whenever he had the chance. At that moment, however, he was more interested in seeing how Marie would do.
"So what's it going to be? Stay under the water all day or show us your tits? Andrew has seen them. I've seen them. I am pretty sure Dev wants to see them. They are fucking awesome tits."
Marie hated when Suzanne did this. She's done it ever since they were kids. Everything had to be a challenge. A contest. There always had to be a winner and a loser. First to ride a bike, first to jump off the high diving board, first to slow dance with a boy, to kiss a boy, to have a boy feel you up, to give a boy a hand job.
She always pushed that envelope and Marie needed to push back.
Slowly she rose from the water revealing her body inch by inch. Her skin tingled as she felt all eyes were on her. She stood defiantly in only her bikini panties, her shoulders back, chest out, mirroring Suzanne's stance.
"Beee-uuuu-ttttt-eeeeeee-fullllll" screamed Suzanne.
"See Dev! I told you she had gorgeous tits. I could just eat them up. Look at those gorgeous nipples"
Rushing over to her Suzanne cupped Marie's full, soft breasts in her hands and buried her face between them. Rocking her head from side to side she vibrated her lips against her wet skin.
Screaming with delight Marie pushed her under the water.
"I thought you said that motor boats weren't allowed on this lake?" she squealed.
"I couldn't resist. They were begging for it!" Suzanne laughed.
Marie looked over at the guys who had the look of little boys who just found their dad's stash of magazines.
"Ok. Your turn" she giggled.
"What?" Andrew stammered.
"You know? It's your turn now." She repeated slowly.
"You need to take something off too"
Andrew, obviously still distracted by Suzanne, looked alarmed.
"We..we're only wearing one thing"
"So? What's your point?" Suzanne inquired innocently.
"Come on boys. Get em off!" demanded Marie, suddenly feeling in control.
"Sounds like a great idea." Devin quickly stood, took off his shorts and threw them out into the water.
He turned back to face Marie.
She found herself in awe of his hard toned frame as he stood there. Marie tried to tear her gaze from the outline of his magnificent form but felt compelled to keep looking at him.
"What? Now you're speechless? Got nothing to say?" he joked.
Marie looked at Suzanne sheepishly. "I guess it looks like the water was colder than I thought."
Suzanne burst into laughter as Devin dove for Marie and, picking her up over his shoulder, threw her back into the water.
Devin and Suzanne both turned and started toward Andrew. He knew what was coming and tried to get out of their reach but, instead, fell back into the water.
"Ok...Ok...Ok!" he shouted as they hovered over him. "Just gimme a sec. Ok?"
With Suzanne standing only a few feet from him, her wet body glistening in the sunlight, ready to pounce Andrew's only thought was to not get a hard-on in front of his friends.
He felt a surge of panic as he stood in the water. Looking past them he saw his girlfriend shrug her shoulders.
"Sorry." Marie laughed. "I'm scared of Suzanne too."
"Fine." He quickly pulled his shorts off and then proceeded to throw them further out into the lake.
"Happy now?" he asked as his face turned a bright red.
"Holy shit buddy!" Devin shouted. "Where in the hell have you been keeping that thing?"
Suzanne's eyes widened as she let out a slow whistle. Incredulity, disbelief, and then with utter shock she turned to smile at Marie.
"You've been playing with this thing all this time and you never fucking told me?"
"You never asked." Marie replied, looking quite pleased with herself.
Andrew quickly turned and dove into the water to escape their stares. The chill of the water cut into him and helped slow his inevitable erection. Once safely out of their reach he turned back to them.
"Seems we need to make this even ladies."
"I think that you are slightly over dressed for the party." Staying beneath the water Andrew had his hand firmly wrapped around his thickening cock.
Suzanne looked at Marie and shrugged. Taking off their bottoms and throwing them at the guys, they immediately dove under the water.
"Oh come on!" Devin yelled at them when they surfaced. "You got a good look at us."
"Sucks to be you I guess." Suzanne teased as she dove under again given them both a fleeting view of her ass.
They floated aimlessly for a while simply glad to be cooling off in the afternoon heat.
Something in the water caught Suzanne's attention and, thinking that it was one of the swimsuits, she made her way over to it to retrieve it. As she got closer though she realized that it was something much larger lurking below the surface.
"Holy shit... it's a huge fucking turtle!" she screamed as she turned and scrambled to make her way to the shore. The rest, thinking she was messing with them, did nothing. It wasn't until they saw it making it's way toward them that they knew she was serious. Desperate to get away from this monster they half ran and half swam toward the waters edge and to safety.
The long muddy incline at the bank made it almost impossible to get on shore so they had to scramble on their hands and knees to make it. Once on shore Marie, laughing and covered in mud and trying to catch her breath, glanced over at Andrew.
"Where did THAT come from?" she exclaimed pointing in his direction.
He looked down and saw that he had a raging hardon. Not sure what to say he stammered "Hey! When I get scared I get horny!"
Marie ran over to Andrew and pressed herself against him and could feel the heat from his hardness against her cool skin. With her back to the others she whispered "Are they looking at us?" Glancing up he nodded.
"I am so incredibly horny right now." she said breathlessly.
"I don't think we are the only ones." he whispered back.
Marie turned her head in the direction he was pointing. Devin's penis was pointing straight at her.
"I see that you have the same problem." Marie said shyly "You need to keep that thing out of the sun."
"I think I can take care of that." Suzanne laughed as she grabbed a hold of his fully erect cock and led him back into the water to clean off.
Ensuring that the coast was clear Marie and Andrew followed. He couldn't take his eyes off of Suzanne's ass as she slipped into the shallow water. Here he was, fully exposed and fully erect in front of his friends as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
Once in the shallow water Andrew knelt and Marie straddled him. Wrapping her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist she started slowly grinding her clit against him.
Andrew moaned loudly. The excitement of being in front of the others was almost too much for him.
She pulled his face closer and lightly grazed her lips over his. Touching the tip of her tongue to him he parted his lips and sucked hungrily on it. Breaking the kiss to try to catch his breath he whispered in her ear "If you keep doing that I'm going to cum."
"Is that such a bad thing?" She moaned softly as he grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her tighter to him.
Kneeling in the shallow water a few feet away Suzanne was mesmerized by what the others were doing. Devin positioned himself behind his girlfriend and gently eased her legs apart. His agile fingers quickly falling into a comfortable rhythm on her engorged clitoris.
She leaned against him and, putting her hand behind her back, grabbed a hold of his cock. Even in the cool water she could feel his heat.
Suzanne could have reached out to touch them both. She desperately wanted to. The onslaught of raw, physical desire for her friend shocked her. She had seen her naked a hundred times over the years but now she wanted her. She wanted them both.
She was shaking. Suzanne could see Andrew's thick cock slide against Marie just under the surface of the water. His swollen head being enveloped by her folds and then, as he thrust forward, appearing again above her neatly trimmed bush.
"Do you love looking at his cock?" Devin whispered in her ear.
"Mmmmmmmm"
"It's so big. I would love to see you suck it. Would you like that?"
"Yes!" she purred.
"Do you want him to fuck you"
"Oh yeah!"
Devin could feel her body trembling under his touch. He held her close and could feel her shaking with delicious desire.
Marie and Andrew, motionless as they held each other, were captivated watching Suzanne react to Devin's touch.
"Cum for her." Devin whispered.
Suzanne pushed her pelvis against his hand, matching the rhythm of his fingers.
She tightened her grip on him as he fucked her hand. The head of his cock, rubbing against the small of her back, forced him past the point of no return.
"I'm going to cum." He gasped. Devin exhaled loudly, shooting load after load into the cold water.
Arching her back, she started grinding her clit harder against his finger.
Waves of pleasure, emanating from under his palm, flowed through her. She lost all awareness of the world around her and Devin, holding her tight, fought to keep her above water as his own orgasm subsided.
Her shattering climax held her body and mind suspended for timeless seconds. Devin gently pressed his finger against her clit until he felt her finally relax against him.
The others watched Suzanne come down from her high. As the effects of her orgasm subsided she was able to regain her footing in the shallow water.
"That was so fucking hot," she said breathlessly to no one in particular.
Marie, her eyes half closed as if in an erotic haze, smiled at her. Turning her head back to Andrew she buried her face in his chest and, rotating her hips lightly, started grinding against him again. Holding herself tighter she felt herself on the brink of cumming already.
Suzanne moved close sensing that Marie's orgasm was imminent. She wanted so badly to embrace them. To feel Marie's body against her's as she came. She gently placed her hand on the small of Marie's back to help push her tight against Andrew's cock.
Marie's movements were almost imperceptible now as she felt the orgasm risinig inside her. With the pressure of his cockhead against her clit the wave of pleasure pulsed through her and she cried out.
"Oh yeah sweetie, that's it." Suzanne whispered in her ear. "Cum for me."
Marie began writhing uncontrollably as she peaked and then, just as quickly, went limp in Andrew's arms.
After long seconds she released her grip on his body and allowed herself to fall back into the water.
"That was incredible." She cooed as she floated on her back feeling the warmth of the sun on her wet skin. Relishing the feeling of weightlessness she trailed her finger tips across her belly to her breasts, lightly teasing her erect nipples.
"I hate to interrupt such a beautiful moment but there seems to be a young man here who still has a bit of an issue."
Startled out of her post orgasmic languishing Marie went under the surface of the water. Once she righted herself she turned to look in the direction of Suzanne, who was pointing at Andrew.
It took her a second to realize what the issue was but then she broke out laughing. He was standing in knee deep water with his hands on his hips, a big smile on his face, and his cock pointing in her direction.
"What? Oh my God...I'm so sorry... Shit... I'm... Sorry!" she sputtered.
"I'm pretty sure that it's not going away on its own." Suzanne joked.
Marie hesitated. It was one thing to experience pleasure in front of the others as she just did. She was able to get lost in the moment and rid herself of her inhibitions. This was different. She loved sucking his cock but this time she would have an audience.
Looking over at Suzanne she was expecting to see her with the standard challenging look. Instead all she saw was desire.
"Fuck it" she whispered to her self.
Kneeling in front of him she reached around to run her hands from the small of his back down to cup his ass. His skin, now dried by the sun, was almost hot to the touch in comparison to her cool, wet hands.
She pressed her cool lips against his tight scrotum and, opening her mouth wide, gently sucked on his right testicle while rapidly flicking her tongue along the sensitive skin. Andrew placed his hands on the back of her head to draw her in closer, his hard cock resting on her cheek. The sunlight glistening off a drop of precum forming at the tip.
"Lick his cock...I want to see you lick his cock." said Suzanne, her voice barely more than a whisper.
Marie wrapped her one hand around the base of his cock and, with the thumb on her other hand, spread the silky smooth liquid all around his glans. She flattened her tongue against his balls. Llicking slowly along his length, she ended at the sensitive underside of his head only to start at the base again.
Suzanne moved closer. "Can I do that too?" She asked shyly.
Marie looked into Suzanne's eyes and, seeing the depth of desire in them, angled Andrew's cock toward her as if to offer it up. Suzanne tentatively touched her tongue to the side of his cock while tracing her finger along the underside of his balls.
Andrew jerked with the contact, a low moan escaped his throat.
Marie pressed her lips to him to mimic Suzanne. Slowly they both worked their way from the head of his tip to his balls and back again. Marie trembled when she felt the tip of her friend's tongue against her own. She felt dizzy with excitement from the warm wetness of Suzanne's lips against hers while they both gently sucked on his cockhead.
Suzanne placed her hand over Marie's to help her slowly stroke him. Tasting the silky smooth precum on her friend's lips she reached between her own legs, touching that beautifully sensitive spot that had been demanding her attention. She grunted as came quickly, her lips still pressed against him.
Marie pulled Suzanne to her and kissed her deeply, savouring the feel of her full, soft lips on her own.
"I love the way you taste." She gasped into Suzanne's mouth.
Andrew felt lightheaded watching two beautiful women pleasuring him at the same time. He finally gave in, his cock flexing with the impending explosion.
"I'm going to cum" he muttered through gritted teeth.
Suzanne, startled out of her trance, started stroking him quickly. "Cum on her tits for me... shoot on her tits". She demanded. Andrew put his hands on their heads as if to steady himself. Suzanne's hand was a blur on his cock.
Andrew tensed and silently shot his hot sticky liquid onto Marie, splashing onto her breasts. Suzanne kept pumping her hand until Andrew, exhausted and drained, fell back into the water.
"Fuck yeah!" Devin yelled out, his voice carrying across the open water "That was amazing."
"Don't worry baby." Suzanne said, as she slowly traced her cum covered finger around Marie's nipple. "We're here for a couple of more days and you will get your turn."
______________________________________________
I could feel Lee Anne reacting to the story, pressing herself harder against me and my thickening cock. The muscles in her back and legs flexed as she continued reading. I moved my attention from her neck to her shoulders and then on to her full, soft breasts. Cupping them and feeling their weight, I traced the outline of her areolas with my thumbs. She was getting restless as she was getting increasingly turned on.
"Squeeze my tits,", she whispered breathlessly, not taking her focus away from her reading. The small of her back was becoming slick with my precum as she pushed against my cock making it even harder.
I flattened my hands against her, feeling her nipples hardened against my palms. Her breaths came faster and deeper as I massaged her breasts. I began to lightly scratch my nails across her soft skin causing goosebumps to appear. She sucked in her breath when I gently pinched her nipples.
"Harder!" she demanded.
I tweaked them and she cried out. Her thighs pressed together from an achingly sweet desire that swelled in her core.
She finished the story and, quickly tossing the tablet aside, reached under the covers with both hands and cupped them hard against herself. She was aching for release. Slipping two fingers into her slick pussy, probing with a slow repetitive motion, she shuddered with the initial contact.
The more I pulled at her hardened buds the harder she thrust into her pussy, her palm pounding against her clit. Her hips undulated, seemingly demanding more from herself.
She could fight it off no longer. With her hand being nothing more than a blur she arched her back and held her breath. For what seemed like an eternity her body remained frozen, her fingers pistoning in and out of her sex. I held my breath as she peaked. Her climax pushed silently through her like a giant wave.
Finally she inhaled loudly, sucking air back into her empty lungs. Lee Anne collapsed against me and I held her tightly, the after shocks pulsing through her body. Her skin, covered in a light film of sweat, was cool to the touch.
We lay in that position for a while, watching the light from the candle flicker over the walls. She absent mindedly ran her finger back and forth over her wetness.
"Do you know what I want to do now?" she whispered, turning her head slightly toward me.
"What's that?" My mind racing with the possibilities.
Turning to face me she cupped my balls and leaned in to lick the precum off the head of my cock.
"I want to go camping!"