I've edited the story slightly but kept the original premise. All of the keyboard warriors who don't like stories of cheating wives, stop reading now and save yourselves the pain of remembering when you were obviously fucked over but aren't mature enough to move on with your life. To the rest of fun loving literotica, please enjoy. If it pleases you, then thanks very much, if it doesn't, then at least I tried.
*
Slut Born to tease (part one).
I'm standing in my bedroom looking at my reflection in my full length wardrobe mirrors. I was just about to twirl around to view my full reflection of my lingerie clad body, when my husband walked into the bedroom, stopped at the doorway and sighed.
"Are you really wearing that lot tonight?" He said almost despondently.
"Of course I am!" I replied triumphantly.
I was standing before him, wearing a shocking pink PVC quarter cup bra which cupped my full 36 DD breasts magnificently, with my erect pierced nipples jutting forward proudly. My waist was being cinched by a shocking pink PVC Waspie with black PVC trim, from which black seamed stockings were attached to the garter straps. The stockings were very long and shiny with the tops only inches from the tops of my legs, leaving a small gap of flesh between the tops of my stockings and the hairless slit of my shaved pussy. My petite feet were standing proudly in a pair of shiny black spike heeled court shoes, with a thin ankle strap, which was fastened with tiny shiny silver bondage locks looking very slutty. My ass and shaved pussy were exposed, which added to my sexy slut look, as I'd decided to forego the shocking pink PVC thong, for the moment at least, and with a very good reason for the omission.
Hubby's eyes were on stalks as the jealous streak within him came to the surface. He approved of the erotic lingerie for his own eyes, but not so much the concept of me adorning this look and venturing outside the boudoir for the possibility of others to enjoy the intended effect.
"I'm all for you doing a little teasing and flirting, but this will definitely send out the wrong signals!" He sighed.
"I think this will send out the right signals! I love to tease and show off and judging by your reaction after every time I do, it's obvious that you also approve!" I smiled.
"Babe the last few times, do you not think you went a bit too far?" He asked in a begging tone.
"For fucks sake! One guy tried to feel me up when I danced dirty with him, but I didn't let him! If you keep on acting all crazy jealous like this, I just may let one of dance partners feel me up and maybe more!" I answered in rather dominant voice.
"Plus if memory serves, when we got back home you couldn't wait to be inside me and fucked me like a crazed animal!" I replied stroking my shaved pussy, slowly bucking my hips at my hand as I did so.
"What are you planning to wear on top?" He enquired trying to change the subject.
"Well tonight I'm going to wear a new shocking pink Lycra PVC dress with a very tight mini skirt effect. It zips all the way down the front! The zip is two way and can be opened from the bottom or the top!" I stated "Here help me into it!" I continued holding the small pink fabric in my hand and handing it to hubby.
"There doesn't seem to be much of it?" He gulped holding the tiny garment.
"It actually fits over my breasts showing just enough cleavage. Wait until you see it on. It's very sexy and very slutty!" I giggled "And you know I like to be sexy and slutty!"
Hubby held up the dress as I slipped my arms through the short sleeves. Clicking the zip into the hold at cleavage level, pulling my large pierced breasts together, I asked hubby to pull the zip the full length and smooth my dress over my slutty PVC lingerie. Hubby slowly pulled the zip down my stomach and over my pussy. The dress was clinging to every contour of very curvy body as he continued sliding the zipper further down, watching the pink second skin cover my lingerie clad body, until it rested at the bottom seam just above my silk stocking covered knees. He smoothed the dress over my Waspie and the garter straps, which thankfully still protruded through the material of the dress, showing the obvious bumps of sexy lingerie. My pierced nipples were pushing against the thin PVC material, revealing the shape of my nipples and the jewellery attached, giving a very slutty look to the ensemble. Looking at my reflection in the mirror, I was delighted at the result that the shocking pink tight shiny dress was having on my delectable curvy figure. Hubby ran his hands over my cinched waist feeling the PVC Waspie beneath. His face reddened with sexual pleasure as his hands followed the garter straps down my pert buttocks sheathed in the pink Lycra. The extra long stockings were covered by the pink Lycra mini-dress, but if I moved as provocatively as the last time I went out dancing then they wouldn't be hidden for long. His hands moved up to my breasts, feeling the shiny pink second skin, clinging to my erect nipples.
"Are you enjoying what you feel?" I asked with a warm sultry voice as hubby snaked his hands all over the Pink second skin.
"Fuck yeah!" He responded, staring at my outrageously slutty attire.
"Good!" I replied "Then my dance partners tonight will definitely enjoy the tight slutty sensations!" I completed in a dismissive tone.
"So you're really going dressed like that! You're actually going to dance with strangers and let them touch you and brush up against you while you dance dirty with them?" He asked in what sounded like a defeated manner.
"Absolutely! That's the whole intention of dressing like this! I'm also not wearing panties, and my dance partner will know this if he runs his hands over my ass, which I will encourage him to do, and if my dance partner gets an erection, which in this outfit he most definitely will, then during our dirty dancing, when he pushes his hard cock against my crotch, my pussy will feel the sensation of his hard cock without him actually fucking me!" I teased.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" He groaned.
"I've told you, if you keep this moaning up, not only will I let him feel me up, I may just take things further and have one of them inside me. Now is that what you want?" I demanded.
Hubby recoiled in horror as I spoke the harsh words. He was jealous of that there was no doubt, but I recently discovered a little voyeuristic streak he possessed, which he would never admit too. However with my exhibitionist nature, I never felt the need to expose his tendencies, but rather to use them to my advantage. In the recent past we had played out this little scenario on a few occasions, when we would go to a dance club, with me draped in something outrageously tight and sexy, revealing as much of my curvy figure as possible. We'd enter the club with me scoping the venue for potential tease victims and hubby would go to the bar and order some drinks. On the last few occasions that we did this, hubby would return to where he had left me, usually on the peripherals of the dance floor, to find me missing from my location and on the dance floor dancing quite provocatively with some young stud. The last time we did this, my dance partner, a rather sexy looking guy, got quite fresh with me, running his strong hands all over my body, up and down my back which was totally bare as the dress I wore was a tight little black number with the back exposed, which from certain angles gave a nice view of my side boob. His hands ventured onto my butt once or twice, stroking the bare flesh softly and for some reason I never rebuked him. His hands moved slowly around my waist, enjoying the soft black material clinging to my body, and very saucily up my sides, just enough to stroke my exposed side boob. At one point of our dance I turned my back to him, arching my back and twerking my butt into his crotch like some rap video slut. His groin area was now sporting a very prominent erection, which my hip movements swirled around inside his tight trousers. As I swayed my hips into his crotch, my legs were slightly parted with my movements, which stretched the hem of my mini-dress almost to breaking point, making the hem ride up my thighs, almost revealing my taut butt cheeks. His erection was pushing my tight black lace thong further into my slit, as my pussylips slid outside the invading thong and rubbed the length of his trouser clad snake. I made a mental to forego panties in future. My pussylips became extra sensitive to his throbbing cock as he pushed the hard trousered clad flesh deep into my willing almost cheating hole. My hips swayed, moving back and forth, encouraging his probing cock to enjoy my sex crazed pussy. My breathing quickened as the passionate effect of my unfaithful situation engulfed me. His hands ventured up my side boob as his fingers stretched across my breasts, making contact with my erect pierced nipples. Fortunately for me, hubby couldn't see all of our antics as were deep in the centre of dance floor out of the way of prying eyes. My erotic imagination drifted off; picturing myself naked, wearing only slutty black leather thigh length boots, my naked body dripping in baby oil, as my partner drove his hard cock into my hot wet pussy. The crowd watching our wild sexual antics like two performing porn stars.
I half closed my eyes as my partner worked his trouser covered cock into my seriously aroused slot. Without even knowing each other's names, my dance partner pulled my hair gently, raising my head toward his. He kissed my neck and ran his tongue along my ear and whispered.
"I want to fuck you! I want to drive my cock into this cheating slut pussy!"
I squirmed with unabashed lust, as his trouser clad snake pushed my tight black lace thong deeper into my hungry crack. My pussylips were now shrouding his trouser covered cock, almost kissing his length with their hot aroused flesh, as I began to feel the first stirrings of orgasmic pleasure. His fingers were deftly teasing my erect nipples, playing delicately with my nipple jewellery as he pushed his cock deeper into my slit, making me buck at his hard length like a wanton slut. If he had unzipped his cock right then, I would have taken his hard length willingly, as my state of arousal was now at its sexual peak.
"I can feel your hot tight pussy rubbing against my cock!" He whispered as he thrust magnificently into my hairless mound.
I slowly rotated my hips, feeling his hard cock pushing into my unfaithful hole, opening my pussylips wider, as his hard flesh sexually delighted my pussy.
"Oh my god! I can feel your hard cock sliding inside me!" I groaned with just a hint of menace.
His hands were working my erect nipples expertly as he began to gently push back and forth against my willing opening.
"Is this slut pussy shaved, as it feels very smooth?" He grinned as he panted into my ear.
"It's always shaved and it's always wet!" I smiled acting like a brazen slut "And it loves your hard cock feeding it! Oh fuck that feels so dirty! Do you like that?" My breathing was now orgasmic as I bit my lips with sex crazed passion.
His hands moved from my breasts and made their way down my stomach, feeling the tightness of my black mini dress as they ventured toward my pussy. Running his strong hands down my exposed thighs, he tickled the bare flesh just below my pussy,
His hand moved higher as it reached my smooth pussy, rubbing my hairless mound as he moved my tight lace thong to one side. His index finger stroked the soft skin of my shaved slit, as the tip of his finger found my excited clit. Running his fingers over my thong free slit, he pushed gently onto my clitoris and moved his finger in a slow circular motion. I was shocked and thrilled at how much of a slut I was acting and how easy I'd let him feel my shaved married pussy. With his cock pushing against my opening, forcing more of his hard cock into my slot, his finger was tormenting and delighting my clitoris. I felt a delicious orgasm surge through my pussy as he gently fingered my married pussy. I kept twerking my hips on his cock, dry humping his penetrating erection until my orgasm had completed. My pussy juice was covering the strained material of his trouser covered cock as my orgasm waned and subsided.
I pushed my pussy against his hard cock one last time, feeling his magnificent length invading my married quim further. He must have been at least an inch inside me, as his cock throbbed, sending sexual electric pulses through my cunt. The sensation of his trouser clad cock spearing me was delightful to say the least as my twerking pushed his cock deeper.
Regaining my senses momentarily, I turned toward him removing his slime covered snake from my pussy, placing my arms around his neck I gave him a peck on the cheek and said.
"Sorry Honey not tonight! My husband has just walked in!" Turning away from him, I left him on the dance floor sporting the biggest erection I've ever encountered. The enormous sense of frustration I was feeling was counter balanced by the bitch effect I felt of leaving him high and dry. The perfect act of cock-teasing had just been completed.
Walking off the dance floor I approached my hubby, who was standing on the edge of the dance floor as he handed me my drink. I was in a high state of arousal from my dance floor antics as I smiled at him with half closed eyes.
I kissed him on the cheek and said.
"Let's find a seat!"
As we took our seats in cosy little booth, I leant back in my seat, thrusting my erect nipples forward. My passion was still stirring as I pressed my thighs together, feeling my re-arranged thong separate my pussylips and rub against my unhooded clitoris.
Hubby stared at me with a stern look on his face.
"I fucking saw you dancing with that guy. Did you need to dance so dirty and let him feel you up like that, like some dirty cheating slut?" He said rather angrily.
His anger and his words aroused me.
"I dance the way the music demands, plus he wasn't feeling me up, those were dance moves!" I lied with a sexy smile.
"I'm not fucking blind. He had bent you over and was dry humping you from behind and you let him!" feel your tits!" He said in an angry voice.
"He was dancing and my tits swayed into his hand, which he apologised for!" I continued with my charade.
Hubby stared at me then looked away shaking his head in disbelief. I smiled to myself knowing that my husband's jealous anger would be transposed to pure lust when we returned home.
"Fuck me! If you dance like that when I'm in the room, what the fuck do you get up to when I'm not there?" He scowled.
"Listen carefully; I only dance like that when you're here! It gets me hot, it gets my dance partner hot and it makes you jealous, which means that when we get home, you'll fuck me wildly, so everyone is a winner!" I responded.
"I've just watched you dance with a total stranger and it looked like you were fucking each other!" he said rather dejectedly.
Leaning forward, I thrust my breasts out in my husband's direction.
"You should be proud that you have a hotwife that men find attractive!" I smiled.
Hubby just shrugged his shoulders and smouldered in self pity, but true to form when we returned home, he would fuck me hard and furious, just the way a good slut likes to be drilled!
As the memory of that lusty night filtered through my mind as I paraded around my bedroom trussed up in a tight pink dress with the most provocative lingerie beneath. I looked at my hubby standing before me, looking at my outrageous dress and thinking about what I intending doing whilst wearing it! He was most definitely in the first twisted stages of his jealous strop and this was before we even got out of the house. I strolled around the bedroom seductively, enjoying the sensations of wearing the erotic lingerie beneath my tight pink slutty dress.
"You're not going to wear panties?" He stammered.
"Of course I'm not!" I replied "When I dance close with my partner, when I feel his hard cock push into my groin, my shaved pussylips will open and it will feel as though he's fucking me!"
"You can't be serious?" Hubby gasped.
"Too fucking right I am! When the guy feels my stockings and garters with my pierced nipples rubbing into his chest, he will hopefully have a hard cock from my state of dress and sexy moves. When I can feel his hard cock pushing into me, that's when I will turn around to twerk my ass into his crotch. His hard cock will push against my hairless mound and my shaved pussylips will grab his trouser covered cock! It will feel so sexy and slutty. It will feel as though I'm a total slut, cheating on her husband, simulating hard sex with a total stranger, knowing that you're there also watching me acting so slutty, knowing that the guy is desperate to fuck me! Having his trouser covered cock give me a little pleasure and letting him enjoy my shaved pussy as he arouses me is my little thank you to him" I smiled.
Hubby looked at me with a mixture of shock and obvious arousal.
"You're a twisted bitch!" Hubby exclaimed
Grabbing his crotch I felt the hardest erection he had produced in quite some time.
"And you're so fucking turned on at the thought of it!" I giggled.
"But you're going to let a stranger push his cock, albeit trouser covered into your pussy?" He squirmed.
"Every time I dance with a guy, his cock gets hard and he pushes it into my crotch! As I'm not wearing panties, when I twerk my ass at him, bending over slightly, rubbing my pussy against his cock, I may just hold my buttocks and separate them a little, which will open my pussy up and allow his covered cock to plunge a little deeper! Fuck me that would be such a turn on don't you think?" I smiled with such a lustful look.
"You'd really do that?" Hubby almost shrieked.
"Fuck yeah!" I whispered "And if I arch my back, my tight mini dress will ride up and he may just get a glimpse of his hard covered cock sliding between my swollen pussylips and into my shaved pussy! Oh my god that would be so fucking hot, don't you think?" I continued, teasing my husband.
My pussy was tingling with lustful excitement at the prospect of teasing some random stranger to this level. The idea of a stranger pushing his cock into me was driving me crazy and judging by the look on his face it was driving hubby insane with jealousy and desire.
"But if he could see your shaved pussy grabbing his cock, then he would also see your asshole!" Hubby gulped.
"Fucking hell! There's a thought! If he could see that, and with what I was doing to him then he'd definitely want to touch it! He'd think he was going to get to fuck me! Oh my god this is fantastic. Imagine just how slutty I will be this evening?" I said in a very husky tone "I wouldn't be able to control myself and may have to let him touch and finger my ass while he brings me off with his hard cock rubbing inside my pussy! You'd be OK with that, wouldn't you? It would just be touching and feeling, nothing more!" I said to hubby looking him directly in the eye.
Hubby stood before me totally speechless.
"I'd be coming home to you, to be fucked hard and furious by you, but it would be a turn on to arouse a total stranger and feel his hot cock bringing me off as his finger slid inside my ass!" I smiled as my breathing quickened "It would only be fair after teasing him so much, to let him stroke my hairless pussy and give my clit a little attention! It would be a scant reward, as he wasn't going to get the opportunity to actually fuck me! Don't you think that would be sexy?"
Hubby was now in a state of suspended disbelief.
"C'mon lets go before you explode with lust!" I giggled.
Slut Born to tease (part two).
Hubby drove the car into the city centre, not saying very much, obviously sulking at the thought of my slutty cock-teasing I had planned to perform within the dance club. We were heading for the car park we always used, quite near to my favourite dance club. The drive had been quite tense as hubby sat in silence most of the way, as I regaled what I was hoping to do and how much I was looking forward to teasing a few strangers with my provocative dancing and outrageous lingerie.
I'd teased him incessantly on the journey that my hot lingerie and slutty dress were sure to grab the attention of the horny lounge lizards in our favourite club. I continued how most of the guys had now come to recognise me and thought of me as a cock-teasing slut and how all of them felt comfortable enough to ask me to dance right in front of my hubby. I told him I liked that as it showed confidence and was quite the alpha male kind of thing to do. I stated it was obvious that the wolf pack looked forward to me arriving, as each week my clothes became sluttier and my dancing had become even more slutty and outrageous. My antics from last week were fresh in his mind, as I reminded him of the way the guy rubbed himself against me, how I could feel his hard cock pushing against pussy as we danced provocatively. I even told him that one guy I danced with said I should become a stripper or porn star as my body and the way I moved was pure sex. Hubby grunted at this and I continued with my tease telling him that maybe I should become a stripper as I'm sure my dance partners would love to see me naked, ogling my pierced nipples on my huge firm breasts as I gyrated my smooth shaved pussy in their face! The thought of this seriously aroused and I did dwell on this topic for some time. Again he just mumbled, so I continued with my onslaught. Maybe he would enjoy watching me dance naked or with just a small selection of tiny erotic lingerie, teasing and enticing total strangers as they stared at my naked body with shameless lust. As we pulled into the underground car park next door to the club, I pulled down the sun visor in the car and straightened my make up in the mirror. Tousling my blonde hair to give me that just fucked look, I stepped out of the car and walked the short flight of stairs up to the Club entrance. Hubby strolled behind me, drinking in the vision of my lingerie clad curves, coated in the shocking pink Lycra, clinging to my curvaceous frame. The usual doormen were smiling as I approached the entrance, giving all four doormen a light peck on the cheek as a means of greeting. Each doormen placed his hand on my waist as they all returned my peck.
"You look extra hot tonight!" one doorman smiled as he held my waist, feeling my Waspie clad body as his eyes lit up with a mixture of surprise and devilish lust. Smiling back at the doorman, I gave a little knowing wink as he patted my pink clad taut ass. The door was opened for me and I walked into the foyer, swaying my hips provocatively like some cheap slut. Standing behind hubby, he paid our entrance fee as I gave the doorman a saucy smile, whilst I smoothed my tight pink second skin over my PVC Lingerie. Hubby turned to me, holding my waist, and ushered me through the huge double doors of the Dance area and headed toward the main bar. The club was always packed, but tonight even more so than usual. I nodded hellos to some of the sexy lounge lizards I'd had the pleasure of tormenting with my dirty dancing. Hubby arrived at the bar and ordered the drinks as the barman turned to complete our order. The bar was three deep as I stood behind hubby, who was facing the bar in the throng of punters. I felt a strange hand slither around my waist and cheekily move up toward my breasts. I could feel a body pushing into mine from behind as the hands smoothed all over my pink dress, feeling my PVC Waspie and garter attachments. Turning to see who was stroking my waist and breasts, I was delighted to see it was the guy who I danced so erotically with last week. Kissing me on the cheek he whispered into my ear.
"Fancy a dance?" he gently blew into my ear, sending a sexual shiver down my neck and spine.
"I'd love to!" I smiled walking with him to the packed dance floor. Hubby turned from the bar to see me heading toward the dance floor, holding my partners hand as we manoeuvred ourselves into the centre of the crowded dance floor. My partner ushered me into the densely filled dance floor with one hand now wrapped around my waist and the other planted firmly on my pink Lycra clad ass. Both hands were moving slowly and deliberately, measuring my body with their grasp. His hand around my waist was delighting in finding the tight PVC Waspie cinching my small waist. His other hand was firmly manipulating my buttock, gently pawing my firm flesh as he felt the straps of the garters from my Waspie. When we reached the centre of the dance floor, he turned me toward him with both hands on my waist; he pulled me closer to him. Our heads were touching as our faces were now at cheek to cheek. The music was a sexy slow dance, which we both began to rhythmically appreciate. His leg was between my own, as I parted them slightly, my tight dress moved up my stockinged thighs, as the zip opened a couple of inches, allowing me to push my naked shaved pussy onto his thigh. His hand still manipulated my buttock as his other hand moved up toward my left breast.
Whispering in his ear I said.
"Do you like what you're feeling?" I smiled, whispering in a soft sexy tone.
"I fucking love it! I can't believe a woman as sexy and beautiful as you, has dressed in this horny outfit like such a cheap slut! Plus I notice the distinct lack of panties and the very sexy stockings!" he smiled as he placed both hands on my buttocks and began to knead my firm flesh, pushing my naked pussy toward his cock.
"I'm glad you liked it!" I smiled "The stockings and no panties was a little treat for you, so we can have some fun when we dance tonight! Plus I'm hoping to get a few dances in with some of the other guys and let them have a feel of my stockings and pussy!" I teased.
The zip on my dress opened a couple of more inches, revealing my hairless mound. I could feel the heat of his cock, pushing toward my slit as I rotated my hips slowly, feeling his length arouse my pussy. I looked downward to my crotch to see my exposed pussylips were puffed and sliding back and forth on his trouser covered erection.
"Why don't you look down?" I whispered "You might enjoy the view!" I smiled.
I leant back as he held my buttocks, pushing my mound onto his cock. He looked down as I suggested.
"You fucking dirty bitch! That looks awesome!" He gasped "A slut with a shaved pussy and wearing sexy stockings!"
Repeating the previous week, he turned me around so as my back was to him. My ass nestled into his crotch as I began to slowly gyrate my hips, pushing my exposed buttocks toward his cock. His hands smoothed up my front and shamelessly played with my large tits, right in the middle of the packed dance floor. My buttocks were applying pressure to his growing cock, which was now pushing the hem of my dress upwards, slowly exposing more my buttocks. His cock was now fully erect as I felt the pressure of his throbbing erection hit my shaved slit. Not wearing panties was a dangerous choice as I felt his trouser covered cock slide effortlessly into wet and willing pussy. I shook with pleasure as his cock slid in and out of my almost unfaithful hole. I was being dry humped on the dance floor, but I could feel the hard cock inside me. The bastard wasn't wearing any underwear either, which made it easier for him to push his cock into me. Leaning back toward him with his covered cock still inside me, I placed one hand around his neck as I turned my head toward his. He continued sliding his cock in and out of my lust crazed pussy. The friction from his trouser covered cock was both erotic and a little bit stinging. The best sex always has a bit of pain with the pleasure and his cock was delivering a lot of pleasure right now, with the material of trousers providing fiction with just a hint of pain. I could feel the beginnings of an orgasmic flush through my pussy as he whispered into my ear.
"Why don't I take you somewhere quiet and slip my cock bareback inside you and fuck you properly?" he snarled with a touch of menace. I parted my legs just enough to allow my pussy to fully open as his huge trouser covered snake pushed a little deeper.
I came as his breath breezed on my neck, with his words echoing in my mind. Still undergoing the sensations of orgasm I whispered.
"I'm with my husband and he would go fucking mental if he knew I were doing this, never mind sneaking away somewhere for a quick fuck!" I panted.
"Tell him you're away to the ladies and I'll meet you in the disabled toilet at the far end of the club!" he explained "Then I can get a good look at my cock sliding in and out of that tight wet shaved pussy!"
He pushed his throbbing trouser covered cock into my pussy, as far as the material would allow. I bucked his cock sensually as my thoughts and emotions decided that I was going to be fucked.
"OK then, I'll let you slide your cock inside me!" I promised "But you'll have to come in my mouth as I'm not on the pill!" I informed in my best slut tone.
Keeping his cool composure, he stroked my asshole gently then said.
"Do you spit or swallow?" he grinned.
"A good slut always swallows!" I smiled.
Breaking apart from our dance I winked at him and nodded toward the disabled toilet. I zipped my dress back into place, and then gave his cock a little playful rub. We left the dance floor separately. He headed off to secure the disabled toilets, whilst I returned to hubby to get my drink and inform him of my need for the ladies.
When I eventually located hubby, it seemed the sexual gods were on my side. He was standing talking to an old friend as he handed me my drink. I said hello to the friend whose name escaped me and informed them both of my need for the ladies. Hubby just smiled and continued talking to his friend. The friend was quite a good looking guy who couldn't take his eyes off me, as he leered at me skin-tight dress. I walked away from the guys, making sure I walked as sexily as was possible, turned the corner and then rushed urgently toward the disabled toilet to find my dance partner holding the door open for me. I walked inside the brightly lit toilet, as we smiled at each other with lust driven eyes at what we were about to do. The butterflies in my stomach were fluttering with sexual anticipation as I was about to be unfaithful to my husband for the first time in my life. I wasn't experiencing any guilt whatsoever, just pure lust. My dance partner held me close as we kissed passionately, slithering our tongues in each other's mouths. He pushed me against the door as he locked us inside the cubicle. His cock was still hard as he pushed it forcefully against the material of my dress, barely covering my shaved pussy. The dress slid upwards with the pushing of his cock, as my shaved pussy was revealed to my illicit lover. I moaned softly as I felt his hard trouser covered cock nestle between my puffed pussylips. He began to unzip his fly, as his rather large hard cock pinged out of his trousers and planted itself at my shaved opening, feeling the intense sexual heat of each other's sex organs.
"I can't believe how much of a sexy slut you are!" he panted pushing his cock toward my open hole.
"Sluttier than you realise!" I moaned as I positioned my hole over his cock head, feeling his entire length slide up my hot pussy effortlessly. His cock slid into my pussy as my velvet tunnel clamped on his vein riddled cock.
"Oh fuck that feels good!"
I raised my legs off the floor as he held my stocking clad thighs, lifting me upwards, wrapping my black stockinged legs around his waist and began to bang me with strong lunges. Placing my lips over his, our tongues snaked in and out of each other's mouths. I came instantly on his invading cock, as my sexual unfaithfulness increased my lustful desire. Holding me tightly, he positioned himself above the disabled toilet and sat on the seat with his cock still inside me. I placed my high heeled feet on the tiled floor and rode his hard cock like the cheating slut I'd just become. My second orgasm was on its way as I whispered in his ear.
"Fuck me!"
He smiled a lustful smile as I rode his cock, feeling his length slide in and out of my wet pussy. The slurping sounds of our sexual antics were echoing around the tiled chamber as my second orgasm surged through me. I realised that we didn't know each other's names yet here we were fucking each other to a frenzy. This added to my state of arousal, that I had become a cheating hot wife and I didn't even know the name of the cock fucking me deliriously.
"Fuck me hard!" I pleaded "Do me and fuck my unfaithful pussy!"
I'd never felt so aroused in my entire life and felt that I would do anything to please to this cock. I slowly unzipped my dress from the cleavage down revealing my bare pierced nipples to my new lover. His lips clamped onto my hard nipples as he licked and chewed the fleshy tips. He began flicking his tongue deftly around my erect pierced nipples. I rode his cock frantically as I opened the zip fully revealing my PVC Waspie and stockings. His eyes lit up as my lover saw my shaved mound for the first time. I leant back slightly so he could see his cock sliding in and out of shaved pussy. He grinned like a Cheshire cat, watching his cock plough my hole as I gyrated my sex on his cock. Removing my dress completely, he indicated to me to get down on my knees. I willingly obeyed, getting down on all fours, opening my stocking clad legs wide, as I arched my back, pushing my bare exposed ass into the air. My shaved pussy and tight asshole were on display in the brightly toilet, with my pussy juice glistening on my puffed shaved lips, Placing my hands on my buttocks, I opened myself up to him, revealing my gaping pink hole and tight puckered ring.
He knelt behind me, sliding his weapon up and down my wet slit, before finally pushing his cock deep inside my pussy and began to fuck me vigorously. My asshole was puckering with each forceful thrust of his hard cock, my pussylips stretched around the shaft of his blood engorged cock. His thumb pushed against my puckered ring, as it slowly slid inside my tight asshole. Fucking my pussy as he thumbed my ass, I couldn't believe how lustful I felt, without the slightest trace of guilt at my filthy unfaithful antics. He slapped my ass in a playful manner and said.
"Are you enjoying my cock fucking your shaved pussy you cheating slut?"
"Oh fuck it feels brilliant! Fuck me like a slut!" I demanded "I'd do anything for this cock!"
"You love cock don't you, you dirty cheating whore?" he snarled
"I do love cock and I'll enjoy it even more if you fuck my ass!" I shocked him with my outrageous slut behaviour.
He continued thrusting into me as he spat on my puckered ring and wormed his finger inside my ass to join his thumb. Pushing the two digits deep to stretch my asshole, he began lubricating my ring with his warm saliva. Withdrawing his huge cock from my cunt, he placed the purple tip at my puckered ring and gently pushed his bell end into my ass. My ass snapped over his large helmet, as inch by inch his cock slid into my stinging asshole. Pushing myself back onto his cock, the entire length filled my ass delightfully. This was only the second time I'd ever had a cock in my ass, but the unfaithful dirty situation seemed appropriate for suck sluttish behaviour. The searing heat and stinging sensation his cock was giving to my ass, made me volunteer my next sentence.
"Fuck my ass with your huge cock, then cum in my mouth!" I panted.
"You dirty married slut!" he growled "You love cheating on your husband and fucking other cocks don't you?"
"I didn't realise just how much I loved cock until now! Tear my ass and make me cum on your cock!" I whispered as his huge cock drilled my ass.
"You'll have to give me your number as I need to fuck this pussy and ass again!" he pleaded.
"You give me your number and I'll call you when I want you to fuck me!" I smiled "But it would have to be at your place!"
"No problems, just as long as you wear this or something like it!" he stammered as he continued sliding his cock in and out of my ass.
"I'll wear whatever you want and do whatever you want!" I exclaimed "I'll even let you take photos!"
The words had just tumbled out of my mouth when the flash of an iPhone camera bounced off the tiled walls. He was taking pics of his cock fucking my ass. This sent me over the edge as a huge gushing orgasm burst out of me. He continued taking photos as he snarled through gritted teeth that he was going to cum.
"Cum in mouth and use me like a slut!" I whispered.
He pulled his cock from my ass and positioned himself in front of my face, holding his hard cock by the shaft; he directed the tip to my open mouth, as the first splash of spunk landed on my tongue. In rapid succession, three violent splurges of thick creamy spunk burst into my open mouth. Placing my red lips over his exploding helmet I gently sucked the last remaining drops from his cock.
"Take my spunk bitch!" he snarled as his cock twitched in mouth, emptying all of his virile young spunk into my willing throat. Swallowing every single drop, I continued gently sucking and chewing his deflating sensitive cock. Removing his cock from my mouth, I lay across the tiled floor, opening my legs, revealing my shaved mound and plundered asshole.
"Take some souvenir pics if you want and I'll finger my pussy for you!" I said acting laying on the tiled floor in my Pink PVC lingerie like the obedient cock slut.
He clicked about a dozen pics off, looking very pleased with himself as I slid two fingers inside my pussy and one long taloned finger, circling my asshole then sliding inside.
"Come on I'll need to get back to my husband and you'll need to give me your number as I definitely want that cock again!" I handed him my phone as he punched the digits of his mobile into the keypad. His phone rang with the uptown funk ringtone.
"You are sensational. You love cock don't you?" he smiled placing his cock back inside his trousers.
"I do love cock and I love what it does to me!" I smiled
"Would you like to try more than one cock at a time?" He smiled.
"I may just try that with you and one or a few of your friends. But first I want a long fuck session with just you and me, where I'll be as dirty and slutty as you want!"
"How much dirtier and slutty can you be? I've just fucked your ass and came in your mouth!" he said surprised.
"I can get a whole lot dirtier and sluttier! Come on then let's get out of here and I'll call you tomorrow, plus I want another dance later!" I exclaimed
Helping me into my dress, he zipped the full length, smoothing the tight material over my curves and lingerie, ensuring everything was smooth. Handing me a stick of mint chewing gum, he gave me a soft sensual kiss and said.
"I can't wait till I'm inside you again!" Opened the disabled toilet and went out into the darkness of the night club.
Gathering my bag I straightened my makeup, gave my hair a little tousle, then left the cubicle to go re-join my husband, but this time as an unfaithful cheating hot slut wife.
Slut Born to tease (part three).
I walked sultry and slowly to where my husband was standing with his old friend. I was returning to my husband as a cheating slut, without a drop of guilt, enjoying the afterglow of dangerous unfaithful sex I'd just taken part in. I looked at the two men drinking in my body as I walked nearer to them. Like a lightning bolt, his friends name came to me as I approached the pair of them. Hubby smiled at me with a teeth flashing smile as his friend Steve looked me up and down with a leering smouldering look. His nostrils flared with obvious desire, as his eyes burned into my body, watching my hips and tits sway with every step I took. Kissing hubby on the cheek, I turned to Steve giving him a big hug and a sloppy kiss on the cheek. Steve's huge hands circled my waist as he pulled me tightly toward him. Throwing my arms around his neck, I embraced his body, enjoying the warmth of his toned physique. We parted from our embrace as I smiled at Steve and Hubby.
"Have you been tormenting the guys in here, dancing dressed like a sexy vision?" Steve laughed with his hand still around my waist feeling my PVC Waspie.
"It's just a little game we play" I smiled "I love to dance to tease the guys and hubby enjoys showing off his trophy wife!"
"Well there's one thing for sure, you most definitely are a trophy wife, looking as you do!" Steve said in a complementing tone. Hubby smiled in a comfortable way, probably that it was a friend who was flirting and giving the compliments to his wife.
We both knew that Steve was a serious player who would have a different bed partner most nights of the week. I'd heard quite a few of the rumors of his sexual shenanigans and was intrigued to know if they were indeed rumors. Taking his compliments sent a little tingle through my already fucked pussy, and I felt my desire creeping up a level.
"So you like to tease the guys!" Steve continued "They'll be more than teased in that sexy outfit draped over your very sexy body!" he said with a crooked smile and an obvious glint in his eyes.
I playfully patted his broad chest and giggled.
"I like to wear sexy clothes and sexy underwear, so do my dance partners and hubby loves it when we get home!" I smiled.
"You dirty old dog!" Steve laughed looking at hubby "So you like your hot wife to tease the guys, so you get the benefit when you get home?" he continued smiling the most wicked smile.
"I quite like it also!" I stated "It's good for a woman to be sexually desired, and if she has a good body then why shouldn't she let other men enjoy her body, if only for a brief moment in time!"
"My my, you're such an enlightened couple! I always thought you were very sexy, but I didn't realise you two were so liberated!" Steve announced.
Hubby stood awkwardly as Steve continued flirting with me.
"So do you think you and I should have a nice sexy dance to get your husband's motor running? We could get really dirty and send his buttons into overdrive!" Steve smiled.
I looked at my husband twisting with embarrassment and actually found myself aroused by his slight humiliation. Hubby looked up at me very sheepishly as I turned to Steve, grabbed his hand and said.
"Let's see how fucking dirty we can get!"
Leading him across to the dance floor, I felt his large hand resting on my ass, manipulating my buttocks as he felt the garter straps from my Waspie, straining to keep my black seamed stockings in place. As we reached the centre of Dance floor, surrounded by other dancers, the music changed to a slow romantic tune. Steve placed his hands on my cinched waist and drew me close to him. My crotch nestled into his groin and I could already feel the stirrings of a very prominent bulge. Placing my arms around his neck, my pieced nipples pushed into his manly chest, growing more erect by the second. Steve looked directly into my eyes and whispered.
"It would be impossible not to get dirty with a woman with your body and wearing such slutty sexy clothes!" he smiled a warm smile as he flirted gently with me.
"It's also impossible not to get dirty with a man with such big hands and a very interesting bulge poking into my crotch!" I smiled at Steve as I teased him in my best slutty way "If I'm not careful, that bulge of yours just might find its way under my dress and begin tormenting my naked shaved pussy!" I smiled urging him on like a wanton slut.
"So tell me sexy, have you fucked someone else while you've been doing your cheating cock-teasing?" he enquired.
I felt myself blush uncontrollably as my pussy tingled at the honesty of his question.
"You mustn't tell my husband, but I've had one or two push their trouser covered cocks inside me whilst dancing, and about twenty minutes ago, one guy took me into the disabled toilets and fucked my shaved pussy, then slid his cock my ass and came in my mouth while you were talking with my hubby!" I said brazenly as I stroked his very impressive bulge.
"And you enjoyed this?" he enquired with a devilish grin.
"I fucking loved it! It's the first time I've ever really cheated on hubby by having a bareback cock slide into me and it felt so slutty and sexy!" I grinned still stroking his bulge.
"Would you like to be fucked while your husband watches and jerks his pathetic cock?" he grinned.
"Oh my god that sounds so hot! I'd love to but I don't think he would go for it!" I smiled with just a hint of disappointment.
"I think you have him just where you want him. You could do that if that's what you wanted do. It's the next logical step in the lifestyle you're following!" he smiled as his hand slid round my front and began to stroke the soft flesh of smooth mound. "If you ask me, from my previous experiences, it seems that your husband is ready to watch you be fucked like the slut you are!"
"Do you think I should brazenly go up to him and tell him that you're taking me home now to fuck me and he can watch if he's man enough to see his wife take a real cock?" I teased.
"That's exactly what you should do! You should tell him he can join in after you've been fucked a few times. That would push his voyeuristic buttons!" Steve informed with a hint of authority on the matter.
"So do you think we should go back to ours where you and I can fuck each other while hubby tugs his cock? We'd need to put on a good show, lots fucking, cock-sucking and plenty of dirty talk for his benefit!" I said rubbing my mound on his large hand.
"I'm sure we can have some shaved pussy licking also and as you've had your ass fucked earlier, I'm sure your tight hole would welcome another cock!" Steve smiled as his finger slid between my wet pussylips. "Plus if I'm fucking you in front of your husband I insist you keep your stockings, garters and high heels on when my cocks inside you. I've always wanted to fuck you and to fuck dressed like a whore would be awesome!"
"Fucking me will be better than awesome! I'll do whatever you want!" I said in a husky slutty tone.
"Shall we go and break the news to him?" Steve said in a very alpha male tone which turned me on ever more.
"Come on then, let's let him know that we're going back to mine to have you slide that big cock inside me!" I giggled as we walked off the dance floor hand in hand.
As we approached hubby he smiled rather nervously. Steve took command and blurted out.
"We're going back to your house where your slut wife and I are going to fuck each other senseless!" he stated very efficiently. Hubby gulped at the surprise of his words and the tone in which they were uttered.
"You can watch and jerk off if you want, but Steve here is going to fuck me whether you like it or not! But I have a feeling that you're going to like it! Now let's get the car and Steve and I will sit in the back and get better acquainted!" I demanded.
Hubby was standing uncomfortable but I could see he was aroused. He nodded without saying a word and walked ahead to get the car. Steve and I left the club hand in hand as we followed hubby to our car. Winking at the doormen, I walked with Steve as Hubby dashed ahead. We stopped beside our car, where Steve pushed me against the car and placed his hand at the zipper of my dress. He smiled at my husband as he slowly began to unzip the full length. My dress pinged open revealing my exposed pierced breasts and my smooth shaved pussy. Pulling me toward him, Steve kissed me forcefully in full view of my husband. Breaking our kiss, he plunged a large index finger inside my wet pussy, squelching his finger in and out of my unfaithful pussy, as I opened my legs to allow him better access..
"I'm really going to enjoy banging this slut!" Steve drooled as he plunged his digits in and out of my hairless pussy.
I squirmed with delight at the sluttish scenario unfurling before my watching husbands eyes. My husband groaned with obvious desire as Steve continued fingering my hungry exposed cunt, kissing my open panting mouth as his tongue snaked in and out.
An orgasm began to well up inside my pulsating pussy as I thrust my shaved mound onto Steve's invading fingers. I groaned out loud as my orgasm gripped me.
"Look at him fingering your whore wife!" I moaned as Steve pushed his fingers toward my G spot, making me gush female ejaculation all over his large hand. Hubby looked at my trembling body giving itself to Steve's fingers. Steve removed his fingers, placing the cream coated fingers into my mouth. I licked the fingers like a dirty cheating a Hubby opened the car door, sat in the driver's seat and started the engine. Steve unplugged his fingers from my mouth, removing my dress completely, leaving me standing outside the car wearing just my Pink PVC quarter cup bra, Pink PVC Waspie, Black seamed stockings' and my slutty high heeled shoes.
"We won't need this!" he smiled as he threw the dress at my hubby.
Steve climbed in to the back seat and pulled me inside the car, as my opened legs straddled his legs, nestling my gaping pussy directly onto his bulging crotch. Facing him I planted my lips on his and felt his snake like tongue invade my mouth. I moaned rather loudly as Steve tongued my mouth whilst his hands played with my very erect pierced nipples.
"I didn't know your wife was such a dirty slut! Fucking sexy underwear and pierced nipples! She must be getting fucked all over town looking like this!" Steve tormented my husband with his brash dirty talk. The car pulled out of the car park and onto the main road, as Steve kissed my mouth, continuing to drive my nipples wild with desire at his expert touch. His hand left my breast and a finger inserted itself into my gaping stretched pussy. I was dripping wet with sexual desire for Steve's cock as he fingered me brutally in the back of the car. My moaning was rather loud as Steve pushed his finger deeper inside me and began to rub the spongy flesh of my G spot. Applying the perfect amount of pressure to my G spot, I began to almost sob with desire as Steve took my pussy to a place it had never been before. I let out a loud audible gasp informing all in the car that I was coming as a gush of pussy juice squirted from gash. Steve laughed like a drain, saying loudly.
"Fucking hell she really is a dirty slut getting her pussy fingered with you only feet away!" he continued with his sexual taunting of my husband "You should see how much she has just come!"
I slowly rode his finger as my orgasm subsided. Adding to my husband's torment I said.
"That's the best orgasm I've ever had!" Then I kissed Steve deeply as he continued fingering my shaved hole. His other hand went round to my buttocks where he sidled his hand toward my puckered ring. He slid his large index finger into my recently fucked ass and began to finger fuck my ass and pussy in unison.
"I can't believe this whore is letting me finger fuck her pussy and ass with you here!" he growled in self satisfaction. "This ass feels like it's been recently fucked! Have you been getting fucked in that club?" I squirmed with delight at the pleasure of his fingers and humiliating taunting he was directing at my husband.
Panting deliriously I confessed my earlier adulterous action."Yes I was fucked in the disabled toilets and bareback fucked my pussy then he fucked my ass and came in my mouth!" I almost screamed the words as Steve finger fucked me to another orgasm. I could hear hubby moan at the torment and his breathing quickened. He was tormented and sexually aroused.
"Did you hear that? This slut was fucking some other guy when you and I were talking! What a fucking slut!" Steve giggled, humiliating my Husband and I, but sending both of us into an area of arousal we were unfamiliar with.
"I can't believe you fucked another guy!" Hubby almost whispered.
"He gave me his number and wants to fuck me again!" I trembled "He wants me to dress slutty for him when he fucks me again!" I informed the car.
"She's already fucked him like a filthy whore in a disabled toilet! You may as well get used to the idea that this slut will fuck him whether you agree or not!" Steve informed hubby "Will he be fucking your ass again?" Steve continued.
"Oh god yes! It was so fucking dirty getting fucked up the ass! I fucking loved it!" I panted.
"This slut is making me so hot, I think I might just slip my cock in this tight pussy right here!" he informed
"Not here. Wait till we get home so I can see it!" hubby chirped "And we can video you fucking her!"
Now this was a delightful surprise to hear hubby buying into the situation. Especially the idea of videoing my cheating fuck. I moaned even louder at the prospect of the night to come as my pussy and ass were being plundered deliciously.
"Take your cock out! I want to suck this huge beast!" I panted.
"No wait till we get home!" hubby interrupted.
"Fuck you! I want to suck a real mans cock!" I tormented unzipping Steve's fly and unfurling his impressive vein riddled erection.
"Now that's a cock I could suck all night!" I said loudly uttering the truth but also for effect "You'll see me suck this and you'll watch as I slut on this cock when Steve fucks me when we get home!" I promised sinking my soft lips over the head of Steve's very hard cock. Slurping away at Steve's vein riddled cock; I grabbed the base and stroked the whole length with the head being swirled by my tongue. Steve groaned loudly.
"This bitch is the best slut ever! You're a lucky man to have a slut wife like this. If I were you I would let her have all the cock fun she wants as long as she comes home to you!" Steve advised.
"She is beautiful and very sexy!" Hubby declared "I would do anything to please her!" he softened "I just didn't know she needed to be unfaithful and fucked by strangers!"
"Trust me. When you have a wife this hot, you should know every guy wants to fuck her! It's inevitable that a wife this sexy and slutty will eventually move up from flirting and teasing, dancing saucily with strangers and friends, then she will eventually succumb to someone who pushes the right buttons and starting fucking other guys. I'm sure you'll be enjoying what's about to unfurl and change your lifestyle!" Steve explained.
"But I can't explain why this is turning me on so much!" hubby declared.
"If it excites you then let it flow! She enjoys it and you do too, so it sounds perfect to me! Now excuse me while I cum in your wife's mouth!" Steve let out a mighty groan as he emptied his huge balls down my cock sucking throat. I swallowed every single violent spurt of his delicious creamy spunk. Swirling my tongue around his deflating cock, I looked up at him smiling.
"You're one lucky bastard to have a wife this hot. I hope you're going to let me pop around every now and then to fuck this slut!" Steve smiled.
"It will be my pleasure!" Hubby grinned in the rear view mirror.
"And mine!" I chirped up.
Our car turned into our drive, slowly coming to a halt as hubby turned off the engine. He turned to look at Steve and I in the back seat. I was stroking Steve's half hard cock, wearing only my Waspie and stockings; I was sexily brushing my lips against Steve's, flicking my tongue onto his tongue, slowly and deliberately.
"Shall we take the party inside?" Hubby asked.
Part four to follow.