That night, I received another e-mail, this one originating from the Russian Department.
"Congratulations! You have passed your physical. And you are invited to submit yourself for formal application for membership into the White Vampyres Club. For your Application Ceremony this Friday, eat lightly and dress casually. Be at 734 Elm Street promptly at 7 PM. Starting Wednesday, you are to begin taking your blue diamond shaped pills, once in the morning and once at night so that by Friday, you will have taken a total of 6. Give yourself a very thorough enema just before the ceremony. And don't forget to bring your collar. Remember, you are not to discuss this with anyone.
Apprehensive, yet eager to see what Friday would bring, I was distracted in my classes. I couldn't seem to concentrate, and I was fortunate that I didn't have any major exams.
Thursday morning, I awoke with a raging erection that wouldn't wilt. Embarrassed walking around campus with a log in my pants, I kept at least one hand jammed into my pocket to try to hide it, but I don't think I was very successful. Students kept glancing at me, whispering to each other, so I avoided going out unless it was absolutely necessary for the rest of the week. By the time Friday night came, my cock felt like a cannon, primed and ready to explode.
I'd shaved twice and given myself a very awkward enema, and dressed in my loafers, loose slacks, a polo shirt and a jacket. Using both hands stuffed in my pants, I tried to hide the persistent tent in my pants as I hurried across campus. Another note was taped onto the door, nearly identical to the first one.
"The door is unlocked. Inside you will find a chair with a blindfold, a robe and a pair of sandals. Take off all your clothes, put on the robe and sandals, and fasten the collar loosely around your neck and the blindfold securely around your head."
The only difference was that I wore the leather collar from the beginning. After stripping and carefully folding my clothes, I wrapped the sandals around my ankles, the robe around my torso, and the collar around my neck before fastening the blindfold in place. Nervously, I waited a few minutes before I heard a car park in the gravel driveway, and then two doors open and close. The back door swung open and two sets of feminine hands took my arms and guided me down the hallway, outside and into the car, with my escorts climbing into the back seat with me. Once again, not a word was spoken as we drove out of town.
I presumed I was being driven to the same location since it seemed to take about the same amount of time, and all the sounds were familiar. As we drove, I was very conscious of the feminine thighs pressed against mine, and my cock began to thicken. By the time we arrived, I was nearly fully erect.
Clutching the robe tightly around me, I was escorted inside and into the small changing room, my jutting cock bobbing energetically beneath the thin robe. They left me alone for a few minutes and my hard-on started to subside. As the door opened, I caught a whiff of the spicy perfume as she entered.
"Good evening, Bill. Open your robe, and show me your penis."
Swallowing, I obeyed and unbelted the cotton robe, holding it wide. Thick and heavy, my cock projected out away from between my thighs, but still pointing down toward the floor. In the silence that followed, my cock rose, jerking and twitching under her gaze, swelling and growing longer, stretching out toward her. I could hear her breathing. And as she stepped closer, I could feel the heat from her body.
"Your penis seems to be excited about tonight's ceremony. That's good, yes, it's very good that you're eager and becoming erect. But you do understand that you will not ejaculate tonight, right?"
I nodded, finding it difficult to speak.
"Answer me when I ask you a question.'
"Yes Ma'am, uh - or should I call you 'Mistress'?"
There might have been a smile in her response. I couldn't tell.
"Either is fine. During the ceremony, the Club members will examine you, you and your body. They will touch and caress you. Like this."
When she slid her fingertips across my chest, I was prepared, holding my breath as she explored my torso, cupping my pecs, tweaking my nipples, running her fingers down my abdominals. I could feel my now fully erect cock bobbing up and down. Gliding lower, she ran her fingertips just above my raging erection, caressing the smooth skin.
"It's so much nicer without any hair."
Stroking my lower abdomen, at the very base of my protruding cockshaft, she continued.
"Tonight, the sisters will squeeze and fondle this penis of yours, just like this."
As she circled the base of my straining stalk, I caught my breath. Gripping me firmly, she squeezed once, and then twice. It felt just as wonderful as the first time. Then, she began to slide her fist up and down the length of my swollen pole, slowly increasing the pressure with each stroke.
"It feels good, doesn't it?"
I swallowed before I answered.
"Yes, Ma'am."
She paused to wrap her other hand around my bloated log before resuming her steady pumping of my rigid cock.
"But no matter what they do to you and your penis, or however urgent you might feel, you are not to ejaculate. Do you understand, Bill?"
I swallowed again, feeling a tingling in my balls as I replied. Her double fisted jacking of my hard-on was getting me close.
"Yes Ma'am, uh - Mistress. I understand. No matter what."
She gave my stiff pole one last pump with both fists before letting go. As it jutted out from between my thighs, I could feel my stiff cock tremble from her abrupt release.
"Excellent. Now, close your robe and tighten the belt."
After I followed her instructions, she gently took my shoulder and guided me out of the room and down the hallway, my swollen cock wobbling beneath the thin cotton. Entering what seemed to be the much larger room, she led me up some the steps and onto a raised platform, my boisterous hard-on bouncing off my thighs with each step. Leaving me to face the unseen audience, she let go of my shoulder and addressed the assembly.
"Sisters, Dr. Sam has examined tonight's applicant, and Bill has passed his physical with flying colors. Tonight, he is making his formal submission for membership into the White Vampyres Club, and will offer his body for each one of you to examine."
An excited murmur passed through the assembled Club members.
"Bill, take off your robe and present your body."
With only the slightest hesitation, I unbelted the robe and let it fall to the platform. As I clasped my hands on top of my head and slid my sandaled feet apart, I could feel my erect cock throbbing proudly before me, jerking and twitching under the warmth of the lights. After several moments of silence, Mistress came forward, sliding something across the wooden floor.
"Now turn around and offer your back to Club. Lean on this bar as necessary."
Again, I followed her instructions, allowing her to take my hands and steer them onto a metal bar parallel to the platform. Cool to my touch, it felt like aluminum.
"Spread your feet apart."
Leaning lightly against the bar, I obeyed, shuffling them until they were wider than my shoulders. Two pairs of hands fastened what felt like soft leather restraints around my ankles, keeping my legs spread well apart. I could feel the heat from Mistress' body as she came to stand next to me.
"Come, Sisters. Come up onto the stage and examine this applicant's male body."
I could hear the click, click, click of high heels as they approached the stage, the first one mounting the steps to stand behind me. Holding my breath, I waited. As she ran her soft fingertips over my shoulders, I shivered, feeling her delicate touch as she slid both hands lightly down my back, grazing my skin until she reached my bare ass. Cupping my buttocks, she just held them in her palms.
Standing beside me, Mistress Shannon leaned closer to whisper in my ear, her distinctive perfume filling my nostrils.
"Bend over, Bill. Relax and let her explore you."
Taking a deep breath, I leaned against the metal bar and shoved my hips backwards, forcing my ass deeper into her grip. Imperceptibly at first, she began to squeeze, gradually increasing the pressure until she was massaging me quite vigorously. Releasing my right cheek, she let her fingers trail into the valley between while using her other hand to hold them apart. I held my breath as she teased me, her fingertips tickling my skin, gliding over my crinkled hole. Stopping to gingerly tap the crevice, once, twice, three times, she moved lower, slipping her hand between my spread thighs until she brushed the underside of my hanging balls.
She was gentle as she fondled my balls, almost like she was petting a kitten, resting her other hand casually on my upturned ass cheek. When she released me and pulled away, I was surprised. I thought she was going to do more. Her heels clicked on the wooden platform as she walked a few steps behind me. Mistress leaned close.
"Very good, Bill. Hold your position for the next sister."
Remaining in that servile position, I sensed someone take the first girl's place. This one was bolder, immediately reaching between my thighs to grab my balls. I caught my breath as she gathered the loose skin, right under my stiff cock. I wasn't sure what she intended to do. Squeezing gently, she pulled my balls down into the bottom of my sac, tugging on them like she was milking a cow.
"Go easy on him."
I think the girl was disappointed.
"All right."
Still gripping my ball sac with one hand, she spanked my bare ass cheek with the other. I yelped in surprise and involuntarily jerked away. That brought another smack, this one sharper than the first.
"Be still, Bill. Let her play with you."
"Yes Ma'am."
I barely had enough time to answer before the girl swatted me again. They weren't really painful. They stung but I had been more surprised than anything else. As she continued to tug on my balls, she delivered another half a dozen spanks before releasing me altogether. Before I could catch my breath, another girl replaced her, running both hands over my upraised buttocks.
Number three didn't do much more than that, lightly sliding her hands all over my backside, caressing my skin as she paid particular attention to the inside of my upper thighs. Although she didn't fondle them as openly as the previous girl, she did briefly cup my balls in the palm of one delicate hand, lifting gently, almost like she was weighing them. And then she was gone, immediately followed by another.
This girl whacked my ass, first one exposed cheek and then the other, alternating back and forth. Startled at first, I realized that although it sounded loud as each blow echoed off the walls, she really wasn't hitting me that hard. After a dozen blows, she stopped. I could hear her panting heavily as she stood behind me. When she slid both hands onto my outthrust butt, I jumped, unprepared for her abrupt change in tactics.
Languidly, she caressed me, letting her hands explore my rounded muscles. I could feel the heat from the spanking rising from my skin, thoroughly heating her already warmed hands. I relaxed under the steady massage, enjoying her meticulous care and expert ability as she covered every inch of my bare butt, kneading me like so much bread dough. With a single love tap, she left me wanting more.
The next girl obliged, picking up the massage where the previous one left off, although more vigorously. Pulling my buttocks wide apart and then mashing them tightly together, I just kept breathing and allowed her free reign with my ass. As she held them wide apart, stretching them as far as they would go, I felt her warm breath wash over my puckered hole. Not certain what she was going to do, I held my breath and waited.
A puff of air exploded against my sphincter, and I jumped.
"Just relax, Bill. Let her play with you."
Nodding my assent, I exhaled just as another forceful gust hit me. The girl's thumbs edged deeper into my valley, pulling my buttocks even farther apart before she blew another puff into my ass. I anticipated that she'd do more, but again I was wrong. After another five or six gusts, she released her firm grip on my ass and backed away.
"Straighten up, Bill."
Standing close beside me, Mistress Shannon whispered the instruction to me, sliding one hand across my abdomen as I followed her command. Taking advantage of the break, I stretched my back and extended my arms overhead. When she dropped her fingers lower and curled them around the base of my cockshaft, I froze.
"You're more than half way through this part the ceremony."
Squeezing my pole, she slowly posted up and down. While I was bent over the metal bar letting the Club members explore my ass, my erection had gone soft. A few rhythmic pumps from her fist and my cock rapidly grew hard again. With her fist still gripping my re-energized pole, she whispered.
"We want to keep you fully erect for the evening. Bend over again, and offer your ass to the next sister."
I felt the blush spread across my face as I slid my hands onto the metal bar and pushed my bare ass back toward the front of the stage, waiting for the next pair of hands. Casually, Mistress rested one hand on the middle of my back as she reached underneath me to keep her firm grasp on my bloated stalk.
Using her fingernails, the newcomer raked the backs of my open thighs, up and down, in and out, edging closer to my hanging balls with each pass of her hands. Scraping my inner thighs, she slowed as the backs of her hands trapped my balls between them. After lightly bouncing them several times, she turned her hands over and cradled my balls in her palms, weighing them.
Squeezing my balls gently with one hand, she let the other trail between my parted ass cheeks, her fingertips teasing me, circling around my puckered hole in ever decreasing orbit. Taking a deep breath, I relaxed under her gentle caresses, expecting her to carefully work her forefinger inside. So when she lightly smacked my unsuspecting crevice, I jumped.
"Be still."
Mistress Shannon tightened her grip around my cockshaft, forcing me to maintain my vulnerable position.
"Yes Ma'am."
With my balls in her grasp, I wasn't about to go anywhere. The taps grew stronger and even though she was only using one finger, they stung. I winced at every blow, holding my breath in anticipation of each one. And then, she stopped. I waited, but she gave my balls one last squeeze and released them.
As I exhaled, I heard the next girl come up behind me. Without any warning, she plunged her finger into my ass. I gasped at the sudden intrusion, but I didn't pull away, keeping my hips steady and letting her turn and twist her finger inside of me, working it deep into my rectum. Mistress Shannon kept pumping my cock, giving me another set of stimuli to occupy my senses. I started to match their rhythm, shoving my cock farther into her grip and then pushing back against the invading finger. When I began to pant, the Mistress abruptly released my straining cock.
"That's enough. Time to let the next sister play."
The girl hesitated, and then jerked her finger out of my ass. Immediately, the next girl stepped up and began to spank my butt, lightly at first, and then with increasing intensity, alternating back and forth between my upturned cheeks. She was setting a pretty steady pace when I felt Mistress Shannon reach underneath my torso and start to fondle my cockhead, feathery touches using just her fingertips to keep me on edge.
I was surprised when I felt another hand cradle my balls as they hung between my parted thighs. A second girl must be behind me as well, perhaps kneeling between my widely spread legs. Coordinating her efforts with the spanker, she started to finger my sphincter, tickling the crinkled hole, pressing against me in time with the relentless smacks.
And then, she was inside, this time the single digit popping easily into my ass. Unlike the earlier girl, she didn't try to reach deep. Instead, she rotated her finger back and forth, back and forth, carefully stretching my reluctant opening in rhythm with the relentless swats.
When she slipped in a second finger, I gasped, trying to find my breath. Mistress Shannon circled my thick log, gripping it firmly as she whispered.
"That's it, Bill. Keep breathing. Just relax and let her open you up."
Wiggling her fingers gently, the second girl kept working to spread my sphincter wider as the first one picked up the pace of her bare handed spanks. I started to pant as the Mistress resumed her strokes up and down my swollen hard-on. I thought she might have changed her mind as I started to thrust my hips back and forth, trying to achieve enough friction to cum. She chuckled in my ear.
"Oh no. Not tonight Bill."
With that, she clamped down on my engorged cockhead, squeezing it between her fingers as she patted me on the back.
'That's enough girls. It's time for the next phase."
Immediately, they both stopped, although the one with her fingers in my ass did give me one last twist before she pulled her fingers out. Mistress Shannon helped me stand, keeping her tight grip around my throbbing bulb as hands released my ankles from their restraints. Sliding her hand down the shaft of my rigid pole, she took a firm hold around the base and turned me around. Behind the blindfold, I got a sense that the entire chapter was on stage with us as I shuffled my feet. There was movement in front of us as the Mistress gently led me forward, pulling me by my cock.
"Spread your feet apart, Bill."
As hands fastened another set of soft restraints around my ankles, Mistress Shannon began stroking again, slowly, deliberately, running her fist up and down the full length of my swollen log.
"Arms up."
As she continued pumping my now fully erect cock, I obeyed, raising my hands in the air. They must have been waiting for me on ladders, since as soon as I followed the Mistress' directions, my wrists were quickly incased in the same soft leather as my ankles and my arms pulled high overhead and far apart. Once I was securely fastened in the spread eagle position, she gave my cock a final squeeze and released me.
Standing there in the silence, with my raging hard-on jutting out in front of me, I knew that the Club members were all watching it jerk and quiver. I blushed furiously, but there was nothing I could do but stand there, throbbing.
"Sisters, the time has come to explore the front of this male applicant's body."
I heard the click, click, click of the heels against the wooden platform as the first sister approached. I held my breath, waiting, my stiff cock projecting out from between my thighs, eager for attention. As she slid her fingertips lightly over the rounded knob, I sighed. She let her soft fingers caress the taut skin, tracing the curved surface, tickling the raised ridge that crowned the bulb.
As she tenderly explored my engorged cockhead with one hand, she reached between my widely parted thighs to cup my balls with her other. Lifting them in her palm, she weighed them, bouncing them lightly before rolling them back and forth. She played with them for a few moments, still fingering my bloated knob. And then she was gone, leaving my stiff cock to wave forlornly before me.
Apparently, they were following the same format as before. Maybe they were under some kind of time limit. I didn't have much of a chance to wonder as the click, click, click of heels on wood let me know the next Club member drew closer.
She too paused in front of me for a moment, and I waited, anticipating another soft set of fingers on my stiff cock. So when she took my right nipple between her thumb and forefinger, I caught my breath. And when she pinched me, I gasped. Not only was it unexpected, it hurt. She pinched hard. I started to writhe in her grasp when I felt Mistress Shannon beside me.
"Be still, Bill. Let her play with you."
"Yes Ma'am."
I was panting, short, quick breaths, trying to keep from squirming as she twisted my rigid bud back and forth. I must not have been very successful as Mistress gave me a sharp smack on my already warm ass.
"You need to learn that when you receive a directive, you follow it immediately and without hesitation. Now stand still."
She swatted me again, with a snap that made it clear she meant what she said.
"Yes Mistress."
I bit my lip and forced myself to stand motionless, allowing those fingers to tweak my defenseless nipple. Capturing the erect nub, she pulled it out away from my chest, stretching the skin. I could feel tears sliding down my cheeks as I swallowed hard and remained immobile.
"Much better.'
Mistress Shannon palmed my reddened ass cheek and gave me an affectionate squeeze as the girl in front abruptly released my nipple. I expected her to repeat the process with my left one. Instead, I felt her fingers slide down across my abdomen, tracing the ridges of my stomach muscles before drifting still lower to run her fingertips back and forth over my smooth skin, just above the base of my straining shaft.
"Ummm. I like that."
I didn't recognize the girl's voice, and I assumed she was commenting on my lack of pubic hair since she kept stroking me there. As the girl dropped her hand lower and curled it around my throbbing pole, I caught my breath. After her rough treatment of my nipples earlier, I wasn't sure what to expect. But as she began slowly posting up and down my cockshaft, I exhaled and relaxed into her grip. She knew what she was doing. Wrapping her other hand around my swollen stalk, she kept pumping me, expertly twisting her wrist to put a spin around my engorged knob at the top of each double fisted stroke.
Mistress kept caressing my bare butt as she edged closer. She was so near that I could feel the heat from her body on my back and her warm breath on my neck. It felt like she was looking down over my shoulder at my crotch so she could see exactly what the sister was doing to my jutting cock.
"That's it, Bill. Just give yourself over to their hands. Let them explore your body."
I thought she was speaking metaphorically until I felt someone else finger my left nipple. It was too gentle to be the girl rhythmically posting up and down on my bloated cock. And when a second hand around my projecting log, I knew that two different girls were playing with me.
As the one pumping my cock steadily increased her pace, the one fingering my left nipple started in on my right one as well. With Mistress Shannon working my ass cheeks, I rapidly approached a climax. She noticed, cautioning the two over my shoulder.
"Slow down, girls. He's getting too close."
The one at my crotch released her double fisted grip, although the other girl kept tugging on my nipples. I heard footsteps recede as she continued to twist them lightly. With my abandoned cock twitching eagerly in front of me, the Mistress called out.
"Be careful as you play with his penis. He's very close to a climax."
The click, click, click of high heels announced the approach of the next girl. As the one at my chest opened her hands to palm my pectoral muscles, squeezing and massaging them, the new girl reached between my parted thighs to cradle my balls, ignoring the urgent quivering of my protruding cock. As she rolled them back and forth in her palm, she scraped the insides of my thighs with the fingernails of her other hand. She must have been kneeling on the platform in front of me since I could feel her warm breath wash over my engorged cockhead.
Resting her chin on my shoulder, Mistress Shannon kept fondling my ass cheeks as the girl released my chest muscles and began to caress my abdominals, her soft hands drifting lower until she was just above the thickened base of my jutting log. I held my breath as she curled first one, and then her other hand around the bloated stalk. She didn't move. Instead, she just held me, squeezing lightly.
"Oh yes, he's got a really nice one.'
Again, I didn't recognize the voice. And I was so involved with the three pairs of hands exploring my body that I didn't hear the next girl approach. So when she captured the nubs of both of my nipples between a thumb and forefinger, I gasped. Pressing her bare breasts into my back as she squeezed my ass, Mistress whispered in my ear.
"Keep breathing, Bill. You're doing great. Just let them play with you."
I nodded, taking in deep gulps of air as the new girl attacked my rigid buds ferociously, pinching and twisting them, pulling them as far away from my chest as she could. I felt tears start to trickle down my cheeks again. The girl who was fondling my balls stopped, took a firm grip around the loose ball sac and pulled them straight down. I kept breathing, trying not to squirm.
The girl with both hands around my hard-on increased her gentle squeezes until she was running her double fisted grip up and down the entire length of my cockshaft, openly jacking me. I started to pant, feeling the tingling in my balls again as the girl between my thighs tugging on my balls matched the rhythm of the one pumping my stiff cock. I was getting closer to the point of no return.
"There it is!"
She sounded triumphant as she held my rounded bulb up toward the ceiling.
"What?"
"Oh yes! He's finally starting to ooze precum!"
Amid the flurry of voices, I still didn't recognize any. And when yet another hand began to smear the fluid all over the top of my cockhead while the first girl held my stalk upright, I realized that all the Club members must have gathered close around me during the ceremony. In response, I began to pulse my hips forward and back, short quick strokes trying to get enough resistance to reach orgasm.
A sharp smack to my bare ass stopped me.
"Don't you dare try to ejaculate!"
Another spank for emphasis and Mistress definitely had my attention. Grabbing my buttocks, she jerked my hips backward and out of the hands of the girls in front. Only the one assaulting my nipples kept her grip. Suddenly abandoned, my cock throbbed urgently as it jutted straight out from between my thighs. Mistress resumed her deep massage as she spoke again.
"Let him get control of himself before the other members explore his penis."
With the torture that my nipples were enduring, it didn't take long for the urgent need in my balls to subside and my hard-on start to wilt. Tears streamed down my face as the relentless fingers twisted my nipples. Finally, Mistress Shannon called a halt.
"That's enough for now. Let the next sister have her turn."
With one more vicious pinch to each inflamed nub, the girl released me and walked a few steps away. With Mistress squeezing my ass cheeks, I waited, sensing another club member hovering right before me. Although the rigidity of a full erection was gone, my cock still stuck out from between my wide open legs, thick and heavy, pointing out toward the unseen girl but down toward the floor. I held my breath, not sure exactly what to expect.
When a gentle finger slid over the rounded surface of my cockhead, I breathed a sigh of relief. She caressed the end of the bulb, running the pad of her finger back and forth across my cockslit, encouraging it to spread open. Under her tender touch, it didn't take for my former rigidity to return, with my eager cock rising up to meet the girl's soft fingers.
I heard her chuckle as she traced the raised ridge that circled my crown, causing it to quiver as she slid her fingertip over the prominent rim. Leaving my cockhead wanting more, she let her fingers glide down the side of my hardened stalk, tracing the veins that lined it, pulsing with blood.
Delicately, she wrapped her hand around the base of my swollen pole and squeezed, not hard, more like she was just holding my cock steady. When she began to drum the fingertips off her other hand up and down the underside of my throbbing stalk, I caught my breath. The sensation was exquisite. And when she started to rub the indentation just below my cockhole, I gasped out loud.
Mistress grew languid with her massage, allowing her fingers to linger in the valley between my ass cheeks, inching toward my sphincter. The girl with my cock in her grip began to squeeze and stroke, slowly drawing my fluid out of the slit at the very end. Using her fingertips, she smeared the oozing liquid all over my cockhead, covering the rounded bulb with my juice. I was starting to pant as she picked up the pace of her pumping hand.
I heard the click, click, click of the high heels announcing the approach of yet another girl. And when the new girl cupped both of my pectoral muscles in her hands, squeezing and kneading them, I relaxed even more, thoroughly relishing the attention I was getting from the two of them. Suddenly, the girl playing with my cock stopped, abruptly removing her hands and left my hard-on throbbing urgently as it projected out before me.
Arching my back and shoving my hips forward as I leaned into the overhead restraints, I offered my raging hard-on up to her, humping the air in front of me. Mistress fingered my puckered hole, urging my hips farther forward while the other girl focused on my erect nipples, teasing them into sharp points before she began to tug on them. So when the first slap landed squarely on the left side of my engorged cockhead, I yelped and in reflex, jerked my hips backward, right onto Mistress' waiting finger and driving it into my rectum.
The second blow on my jutting cockhead came from the right side, batting my defenseless hard-on back the other way. I started to react, but with the one girl fiercely pinching my nipples while Mistress screwed her finger deeper into my ass, there was really little I could do. I could feel tears begin to trickle down my cheeks again as the relentless swats continued to pummel my swollen bulb.
With that kind of abuse, it didn't take long for my erection to start to fade again. Once it drooped toward the floor, the girl stopped. I could hear her heavy breathing as she stood in front of me. While Mistress Shannon began to twist her finger in and out of my rectum, the girl at my nipples released them, gently running her fingertips across my abdomen, caressing my skin as she drifted lower. Just as she reached my smooth pubic mound, she withdrew entirely. I could hear the click of her high heels on the wooden platform as she moved away.
"You're doing very well, Bill. And you're almost done. Offer yourself up to the next sister."
Mistress pressed her full breasts into my back as she whispered in my ear, her rigid nipples sharp points against my skin. Taking a deep breath, I let her push my hips farther forward as she reamed my ass. With my cock sagging between my parted thighs, thick and heavy, I reluctantly tilted my hips upward, giving my wilted hard-on a slight bounce.
I hadn't heard anyone approach, so I was surprised when a pair of silky hands cradled my cock, one circling the still thickened shaft while the other reached between my legs to cup my hanging balls. Rolling them in the palm of that hand like a pair of oversized marbles, she started to squeeze and stroke my flaccid cock with the other. It didn't take me long to regain my erection and fill her grip.
"Ummm. Nice."
Stroking steadily, she marched me toward a roaring climax. I was just beginning to pant when another set of fingers fluttered across the surface of my swelling cockhead. It wasn't the first girl. She still had one fist steadily milking my cock while the other was busy between my thighs. I hadn't heard anyone else approach so it must be the one who had smacked my hard-on so violently earlier. She certainly was tender now, lightly tracing the rim of my bulb, tickling the slit at the tip, teasing it to spread wide.
As the lubricating fluid oozed out, she smoothed it all over curved surface with her fingertip, making sure she covered every inch of my cockhead. Wrapping her other fist around the upper part of my stalk, she matched the rhythm the first girl had established, jacking my leaking cock. Together, they rapidly drove me toward the edge of a mammoth orgasm. And since Mistress continued to slide her finger in and out of my rectum, I thought that maybe, just maybe, she'd changed her mind. So I picked up the pace, thrusting the drooling cock deeper into their grasp, trying to find release, panting heavily.
Just as I got close, Mistress Shannon brusquely yanked her finger out of my ass and smacked my bare cheek, harder than before. I yelped and shoved my oozing pole farther into the two girl's fists.
"Stop!"
This time, they both obeyed immediately, releasing my quivering hard-on, leaving it to twitch and throb right on the edge of a climax. Frustrated, I kept humping the air in front of me, desperately trying to find something, anything to thrust against so I could find release, but the girls had moved back. I thought I heard one of them giggle, but I was panting so loud I wasn't certain.
"That was the last Club member, Bill."
She stepped around me to stand in front. Suddenly, just like at the end of the interview, I felt a small metallic chain brush against my dripping cockhead. Startled, I jumped, sending my straining hard-on into a series of violent gyrations. Once I calmed down, she draped the chain across my swollen bulb, teasing me as she ran it lightly all around the rounded knob, sliding it across my oozing cockslit, snugging it tight behind the raised rim off my crown, and repeatedly up and down my throbbing shaft. Finally, she pulled it away, leaving my jutting cock twitching and quivering, eager for more.
"You, and your penis have done well tonight, Bill. You showed commendable restraint in resisting the urge to ejaculate. Push your hips forward and receive the collar of a candidate who has been accepted into the next level."
I obeyed, shoving against the arm and leg restraints to thrust my quivering cock out toward her voice. Carefully, Mistress circled both my cock and balls with something soft and supple. When she snapped it tightly around my outthrust genitals, my raging erection grew even more urgent, swelling ominously with blood trapped by the restraint. It felt bigger and more swollen than I'd ever experienced before.
"Congratulations, Bill. You have passed into the next level of membership and are formally accepted as an applicant for the White Vampyres Club."
Her fingertips played up and down my bulging cockshaft, tracing the thick veins, teasing me under the ridgeline of the rounded bulb, rimming the gaping hole with her fingernail.
"We look forward to your participation in the Candidate ceremony."
The members applauded and then my wrists and ankles were released. My robe was draped around my shoulders as Mistress led me back to the tiny room, guiding me with a hand firmly in the middle of my back. With the tight strap firmly fastened around my cock and balls, my jutting cock was remained wildly erect, swinging freely before me as the thin robe hung open, baring my crotch.
Once we were inside, she closed the door and caressed my cock once more, sliding her fingertips over the engorged cockhead as she spoke.
"You did very well tonight, Bill. The Club members loved playing with your body, and especially with your erect penis. When you arrive back at the safe house, you may remove the neck collar, the blindfold and the cock and ball strap. Remember, you are not to masturbate."
"Yes Ma'am."
With that, she delicately draped the robe over my jutting cock, belted it around my waist and left. I waited for several minutes and my erect cock refused to soften, likely because of the strap. Eventually, my escorts returned to guide me outside and back into the car. Still sporting an enormous hard-on standing straight up from my lap as I sat in the backseat, they drove me back to town, silent all the way.
Once we arrived at the off campus house, they led me back inside.
"Count to one hundred before getting dressed."
Speaking low and gruffly, the speaker successfully disguised her voice. I had no idea who she was. While I was still counting, I heard the car drive away.
When I reached the final tally, I whipped off my blindfold and flung open the robe. Mistress had fastened a thin strap around my cock and balls, made of black leather and decorated with bright metal studs. Even after unsnapping restraint, my cock remained stubbornly erect. It would simply not subside. Not surprisingly, I had difficulty stuffing it back into my pants. The stiff legged walk back across campus was awkward and almost painful. Ii was grateful that it was late and dark, so that my bloated crotch wasn't so obvious.
That night, I had a terrible time trying to fall asleep. And when I did manage to drift off, I awoke a few hours later in the middle of a wet dream. It was such a mess that I had to change the sheets, and I never really was able to go back to sleep.
I wondered if I was going to get in trouble.