When longtime neighbors move out there's a certain trepidation as to who's moving in, especially in houses that are close to one another.
There's that stability of surroundings and then it's a crap shoot. Instead of looking at the upside Henry ran through the worst outcomes as a way of punishing himself for losing his wife in a tryst with a former friend. Instead of blaming any of the other participants he put everything on himself.
That was probably because of his penchant for living in his head which, according to his wife, Lana, was the real reason she decided on leaving him. He couldn't argue the point because it was true. It had always been true.
Lana had decided to take a couple weeks or more to sort things out by staying with her sister. As his wife said going out the door while knocking on his head, "Good luck in there."
The possibility of losing his wife was depressing and now to make matters worse even his well-liked neighbors had moved away and when the 'sold' placard went on the for-sale sign all he could think was what next?
Barking dogs, wild parties, motorcycle club?
About a week and a half later the moving van arrived on a Saturday and right behind it were presumably the new occupants.
Out of the vintage Mustang stepped a pretty, young blonde with cutoff jean shorts and a muscle tank top. Must be the daughter, the rest would be along, he thought.
Henry's 45 year old dick did indeed give its seal of approval to the twenty something daughter but that was a minor treat for his libido. The worst was sure to come.
But then it didn't. The girl moving in seemed to be the sole occupant. Doing his best snooping he could see her move from room to room, emptying boxes and creating order.
As of yet there were no window treatments so from behind his blinds it was like television. She was exceptionally cute and so he couldn't change the channel. Now all seemed harmless until she happened to look in his direction.
Immediately he let go of the blind and stepped back. 'Did she see me?' Unable to resist, he leaned back in and she was just standing in the window like a perfectly framed picture.
She stood there for 10 or 15 minutes like that. Like she knew he was watching and was putting herself on display. He came up with several reasons of why she might do that. Then, looking behind her she stepped back and left the room.
He made a psycho mad dash to another window to follow the story which had shifted to the blinds in the living room where a new girl had come in. They hugged, not like sisters, but more like friends. This girl was taller, as pretty as the blonde, thin but athletically attractive with brown hair.
She appeared to be moving her things in so he ran back and forth trying to keep up with the action if you could call it that. He idiotically thought, 'Hey, I'm getting a pretty good workout.'
Soon after that a third girl entered the scene, suitcase in hand, a beautiful young redhead with an impressive figure. His mind was racing with the possibilities. Sorority? Halfway house? Roommates?
As it got dark it was a little easier to watch the next door frenzy. Lotsa laughing, wine, furniture shifting and picture hanging. He kept the lights off so as not to give his creeper self away.
As he roamed the viewing areas he stopped at one of the rear bedrooms and there she was like before, the petite blonde framed in the window looking his way. There was no way she could see him so what was she doing?
She ran her fingers from her ankles up between her legs like she was doing a show for him. It was very sensual. Her hand swept upwards and took the T-shirt she was wearing up with it, revealing her breasts for just a moment.
He kept looking around his room and was convinced that she couldn't see him so he kept watching. Fuck it, she was beautiful and he almost didn't care if he did get caught.
The next morning in amongst his regular mail was a note: 'Thank you for welcoming me to the neighborhood. The girls and I are going to love it here, I'm sure. Luv, Abigail.'
What did that mean? It wasn't like he left a Welcome Wagon basket on the front steps. He hid and slinked. Now a normal person would have gone over and introduced himself but for some reason he didn't and now she knew he was behind the blinds. She would also deduce that he saw her perform.
'See?' he thought, 'This is what you get for not saying a simple hello to your new neighbors. 815 words into this sad documentary and you still haven't said a fucking, hello?'
His opportunity came that afternoon when he saw Abigail skimming their newly inherited pool.
"Hi there, I'm Henry," he said over the fence.
"Oh, hi!" she said turning around, "I'm Abigail!"
Extending her hand she came to the fence.
"How are things going with the move in?"
"Pretty good. Still a lot of boxes to go through. Nice to meet my new neighbor in person," she said flirtatiously, "Hope I didn't cross the line in the window last night. I get a little like that sometimes."
Now he was stuck. By acknowledging her show he had to acknowledge he was a peeping Tom. "No, sorry to say I missed it. I was out in the garage for quite awhile," said the bald face liar.
"Oh...I thought I saw...well I'll have to introduce you to the other girls."
"Roommates? Sisters?"
"Ah, ya, sorta, yes, right, we're roommates. So our realtor told me you live alone?"
He laughed, "It probably seems like it. No, I'm married but my wife and I are in the middle of an on again, off again separation. She'll be back in a week or so."
"Say, since we're neighbors now, maybe we should exchange numbers," she said.
"Oh sure," he said, calling the number she gave him, her phone ringing by the pool.
Abigail, considering his separation, got unusually flirty for only recently becoming neighbors but she had a history of teasing men. "So, since you missed the first show, how about another tonight at about eleven? Back bedroom window?"
A major motivation to say yes at that moment was the fact that it was suggested by a blonde hottie in a very skimpy bikini. In his wife's absence he was masturbating at a prodigious rate and something was stirring when he said, "Sure, I guess so. What do you do?"
"Mmmm, things I think you'll like." She had gone from flirty to seductive in a single motion. "Pull up a chair to the window. See you then!" She bounded off back to the pool and jumped in, waving back at him.
Knowing well what she was going to be doing from the performance of the night before, his hormones gathered together and decided not to question how unusual this invitation was. He smiled and waved, went back inside and jerked off.
Preoccupied with the activity next door, a man appeared later in the day carrying a toolbox. The girls appeared to know him and for the next couple hours Henry watched him install the new blinds that would put a limit on his viewing pleasure.
After the blinds went up in Abigail's bedroom she lowered them completely. An hour later the man left smiling and, "Thanks, Abby" could be heard on his way back to the truck. "See you tomorrow." Henry guessed it was a boyfriend helping out.
That evening he anticipated the show that she offered and as weird as it all seemed he wondered how could this be anything but good? He opened the blind all the way because there was nothing to hide at this point. The show was all for him.
Right on time Abigail pulled up the blinds. She had focused a light on either front side of her, highlighting her body against the shadows from behind. She posed in a very sexy black cocktail dress, garter straps coming out from beneath it, clipped to a pair of lacey black stockings and black heels. A study in black and white, if you will.
Then she used her hands as a guide to what treats were beneath the dress. She caressed her breasts, her legs, touched her lips, her hands were a tour guide.
With hand motions she encouraged him to masturbate.
He began to get hard and absentmindedly running his hand up and down his crotch. Realizing there was just the two of them he removed his underwear and stroked his cock. It was very much the same as when he watched the cam girls on the computer except that Abigail was a mere thirty feet away.
Then she began to strip. She turned her back to him and slid the zipper of the dress down so slowly he started getting anxious. She looked back over her shoulder and smiled devilishly.
That only got him more excited and ramped up the stroking. She continued and slowly slid out of the dress, finally dropping it to the floor.
He cranked it at the sight of her hot bod in the lingerie.
She picked up her phone and typed.
His phone dinged and it read: 'Like what you see?'
'Yes.'
She continued to strip as his excitement increased. Soon the bra was gone, then the garter belt. She sat in the chair and rimmed her full lips with her forefinger then did the same with her tongue. Then stood up and eased her g-string off, sat again and with her fingers, played with her pussy.
'I bet you want to fuck me now, right?'
'Yes,' he typed with his freehand.
She stroked herself harder and she typed, 'Cum with me.'
Together they picked up the energy, each excited by the other until almost in unison she visibly came, her body shaking. He had stood up and shot his cum against the window. Trails of the white jizz dripped down the pain.
She typed, 'Sweet dreams, neighbor,' and closed the blind.
He sat back in the chair, exhausted. 'What was going on with this girl?' he wondered.
***
The following day when he got home from work he saw smiley toolbox guy leaving Abigail's house again and there was a box on his front porch. Opening it he discovered a tin of brownies with the note: 'Ginger, Candy and I made these for you. Please be careful, some weed accidentally fell in the batter while we were mixing it. Luv, Abigail.'
Wasting no time after a lousy work day he launched into the brownies and although the delayed high was about a half hour he was soon stoned out of his mind and staring at cartoons on television. That's when his phone dinged.
'Delicious aren't they? Speaking of delicious, may we come over so Ginger and Candy can meet you?'
'Ya, sure,' he barely typed.
When he answered the door a tableau of beauty graced his stoner brain and he invited them in. As each of them introduced themselves they kissed him on the cheek. When it came to Abigail she said, "And you know me."
His inhibitions on hold he said, "Oh ya, it would be impossible to forget you. I mean, holy shit." They all laughed. He plopped down on the sofa and the girls followed suit with Candy and Abigail on either side and Ginger at his feet.
"Those brownies are fucking fantastic," he crowed, "and you girls are fucking beautiful." The girls laughed. Ginger reached up and unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his pants. Candy lowered his zipper and reached in to retrieve his cock. He just quietly allowed them to suck his dick, sometimes taking turns and sometimes with all their tongues at once. All he had to do was lay back and enjoy himself.
It was like no other blowjob he'd ever had. The overwhelming sensory sucking had him floating into ecstasy. He wanted it to go farther but he'd had way too many brownies and eventually woke up on the couch, the girls gone and cum stains on the front of his shirt.
It was a nice night so before going to bed he sat out on the back porch for awhile. Most everyone was asleep except at Abigail's house where two men were coming out the back door and he heard one say, "Definitely the next time we're in town." They left on a small inlet on their corner lot.
That didn't sound like a boyfriend to Henry and, probably like the reader right now, he suspected something quite different. The problem was how to ask your new neighbors if they're running a cathouse?
When he considered everything that had happened since they moved in it strongly looked that way. Either that or these girls were just young and enjoying their wild youth.
***
Coming home the next afternoon from work he could hear them splashing around in the pool. Peeping out the kitchen blind he saw four girls. He couldn't quite make out what the fourth one looked like but she seemed familiar even from the back.
Figuring he was familiar enough to approach them he got to their fence before he realized...
"Lana?"
"Oh hi, Henry! Hanging with the new neighbors and we're getting on like a house on fire."
"You're back?"
"Ahhhh, well sort of. We've been talking about this and while we're in process the girls have offered to let me stay with them for a little while."
"You mean you're not coming home?"
"Only to get clothes but I'll be right next door while you and I work things out."
"Ya, but that's a whor..." and he stopped himself short of an accusation he was unsure of. Instead he just walked away and the girls continued to laugh and splash.
Hearing her distinctive laugh every so often made him miserable and when he went to bed that night he imagined all sorts of things as his head had a field day making him feel shitty.
Mercifully he drifted off but was awakened by someone in the bed with him. Instinctively he said, "Lana?"
"No, Henry, it's me, Abigail."
"What?" he asked, half out of it in the dark.
"It's Abigail," she said, putting her arm around him. "I'm here to finish what we started. I want you to fuck me, Henry." And without a moment's thought, not even knowing how she got in, he filled her request and did her from every angle he could conjure up.
After he came on her she went to the bathroom to clean herself, Henry fell asleep and when he woke up she was gone...or was she ever there? He didn't know what to think anymore.
When he walked by the window adjacent to Abigail's bedroom, there she was in the frame and waving goodbye as he left for work. He made some awkward salute and she laughed.
There was only a brief nod to his job as he tried to make sense of what was happening in his home life. His neighbors were selling sex in some form, his wife now lived with them and Abigail knew how to get in his house. It was sexually pleasurable, for sure, but it was all confusing as well.
Later that evening on his way to the kitchen Henry paused at Abigail's window only because the blinds were up and there was motion. Ever the voyeur he turned off the back light and stared at the moving shadows. There were definitely two people and he assumed it was Abigail providing some entertainment for a client so he watched.
As the images got closer to the window it was clear they were having sex but then the man pushed her towards the window and there with her hands on the glass, taking it from behind, was Lana.
His first impulse was that she had to have been forced into this and he should run over and save her but as he watched there was obviously no distress. On the contrary, the look on her face was of pleasure not pain. She even started rocking back onto his dick.
He'd never seen the man before. The guy had turned her sideways in the window frame and pulling her by the hair gave her a ferocious banging. Her head jerked back with every pounding.
Emotionally he was devastated and angry. Separation or not, this was his wife. But at the same time he was embarrassed. He was embarrassed because he was aroused. Instead of closing the blinds in disgust he went and got his binoculars and watched them to conclusion.
Watching her made him realize how he had put her away in a drawer somewhere in his noggin. The way she fucked this man was like watching someone he didn't know at all. She was playful and adventurous, a woman he'd like to know. A woman more like young Abigail.
When he saw the man leave their house he texted Lana:
'I watched you tonight.'
'Did you enjoy yourself?'
'Could you come over so we can talk?'
'Are you angry?'
'No, please come over.'
'Sure, but I can't stay long, I have a 10:30.'
Lana came in the front door about 20 minutes later in her robe. They sat on the couch.
"I guess," he said softly, "the first thing I want to say is I'm sorry. Watching you tonight was painful but also I learned something. I realized that I don't know you. I've made up some story and filed it away but I don't know you at all."
"No, you don't."
"But I'd like to..."
"Thanks for admitting that but at this time I can't trust you. Maybe down the road but not now. I'm really having a great time with the girls, being single and that's where I want to be for now."
He wanted to scream 'but you're not single!'. It took every sinew in his body to resist it but he was sure he'd lose her forever.
"I have to be honest though, I'm overwhelmed...I mean with everything. And now having my wife fucking strange men next door is more than weird and uncomfortable."
"Yes, I'm sure it is," she said stoically, "but that's where we have to be right now. I left the blind up to make a point...Look, I have to get back."
"I love you," he said with sadness.
"I know you do. Time will tell if I still love you. In the meantime, you'll have plenty of pussy if you accept so that won't be too painful. Abigail will see to that."
"Accept what?"
"She can tell you herself. I've got to go," and Lana abruptly left.
Not long after, Abigail came over.
"As I'm sure you already figured out by our 'visitors'," said Abigail, "the girls and I are selling sex to make a living. When we're not entertaining clients in person we work as cam girls. We're so lucky to have Lana with us. She acts as our madam and if a client wants her personally then she's, with her consent, also on the menu.
"Now, as to you, my love, we need someone running interference for us; watch the house, mow the lawn, make up stories for the neighbors, enforce the rules, whatever. In return...one of the girls will give you a happy time whenever you need it. The only girl that's off limits, at least for now, is Lana and that's by her choice. So, what do you think?"
"Can I think about it and give you an answer tomorrow?"
"Okay," said Abigail, "but Candy or Ginger might have to come over and help you decide, hehe."
That evening about 1am he woke up to both Candy and Ginger in his bed and he dutifully fucked both of them and asked them to tell Abigail that he'd take the job.
The next night he sat on the back porch and took stock of things that were coming at him faster than he could process them. The only things he knew for sure was that he loved Lana and wanted to reconnect with her no matter how difficult. Aside from that he liked fucking the girls so for the time being he would be the cathouse caretaker.
Then as he stood up to go back in the house he heard Lana cry out, "That's it, fuck me baby."