A totally fictional story, part 4 of the series. All characters are over 18. Proofed and Edited by software. So if you are looking for a story with perfect composition, etc. I would stop reading right now. I do my best and spend a lot of time trying to come up with original stories that have erotic content. Enjoy!
Carmen, Gary, and I were becoming just as close as we were as kids as friends. We were had crossed into a sexual sharing relationship as well. I was happy that we did, but could not help wanting her for my own.
Our friendship endured, and we even started riding bikes again. We have some rugged bike trails around us and found that our BMX skills lent themselves to that type of riding.
I continued to have Carmen cleaning and doing my laundry for me. She was still coming to my place every Wednesday night while Gary was golfing on a league. One sport I did not participate in with him, I am a hacker when it comes to golf. I was not sure it was a good idea for her to be there with me alone every week but she claimed there was a reason she wanted me there. Carmen said that if I was not there, as big of a slob as I am, I would be constantly trying to find stuff of mine that she puts away, this way she could ask where I wanted them.
It made sense, Gary was OK with it, in fact, Gary was pretty much OK with us having some kind of sexual activity, we just never discussed limitations. Carmen and I decided that it could be an oral night for us, it kind of fits our routine, we usually are horny after I have showered after work, and she has after cleaning. So we tried to limit our sex to oral, blowjobs and eating that fine pussy of hers. Most Friday nights I go to their place for what we now call sex night for the three of us. We do some naked swimming, some kinky threesomes, and sometimes just one of us would fuck her in front of the other, yes we kind of shared Carmen, taking turns being the cuckold. It was pretty much working out for us, no one was complaining. I guess I learned to love the live sex shows as either a supporting actor with our lovely Carmen, I can get into the one-man audience with my dick in my hand. What does Carmen like, cock, I think she really would like three, one for each hole.
It is kind of ironic, but I think sometimes with me at least, what we were doing started to feel like a routine, like with a married couple, I don't want it to stop but wonder what we could do to add to the excitement. That is probably why some of the Mormons who believe in polygamy end up taking on new and more wives. Someone new in our sexual circle could shake things up I guess.
Wednesday night cleaning with Carmen was a lot of fun, there were many times we were tempted to fuck without Gary being there and that usually stopped us, but not always. Like with our first sex at the quarry and the first share, we broke our own rules. She was there to clean, and fix a nice dinner one Wednesday, and we had too many after-dinner drinks, and that's when we became full-blown cheaters.
Gary beat her home that night for the first time, we had fallen asleep after having oral and then fucking. I thought we were done, and if she would have dressed to do the dishes we would have been OK time-wise. But seeing her in nothing but an apron and with my favorite ass sticking out was too much to pass on. I could not resist getting up behind her and grabbing her tits as she did, next thing I knew, I had dropped my boxers and fucked her from behind right there.
It was new and exciting but now we had guilt. We could not confess to it, so it became a cheat, what excuse could we come up with for fucking without him there when he was already sharing her with me?
Sundays we usually went on a bike trip, one of them changed my life as I knew it. It was pretty much up a hill down the other side trail not paved of course. It was not an extremely long ride, but it was one heck of a hill to get up, and it was not like you could just fly down the other side, you had to ride your breaks and work through all the rocks and trees. It was one of those trails that kept you on your toes.
On the way down, I was in the lead, I came around a corner and right in front of me was a bike laying there, man down. It was not a man though, it was a female I could see when I got to her. We all managed to get stopped without running over any part of her, or crashing into each other, and got to her side. She was embarrassed, why do we all get that way when we fall. My mind was already working on how we were going to get her down the hill, and we had not yet inquired about her injuries.
Carmen was on it and was looking over who we would find out later was Cindy. She had a couple of small scrapes and Gary had his first aid kit out already to clean them up. She was not a woman of our age group, but a cute little girl, and when I say little, I mean petite and much younger than us, I was disappointed seeing how young she looked, she looked to be no older than her late teens, I figured more than 10 years younger. She was cute though, Gary was smitten with her I think, but I do not usually like younger women, I am a realist, they are great to look at, but they are often off-limits age-wise, and can be so immature.
Once she was cleaned up, we stood her up I was taken with her too I could not help it. Her left leg and foot were fine, right leg too, but her right ankle she said twisted as she tried to keep from running into a boulder, and it was not able to support her weight. We offered to call for help, but she was sure since it was mostly downhill except for a flat rough area before the parking lot, there would not be much peddling, and she could control both hand brakes.
I helped her get up and we started, it was my first real interaction with her, with any woman other than Carmen since I left Brooke. I held her by her tiny little waist as she tried to get her leg over the lower bar of the girl's bike. Despite the bike ride, she smelled so good, her body was damp with sweat but I could smell that sweet natural smell of a girl, a cute young girl I just met. Body wash, cologne whatever it was, I liked it. I think it just made me remember how much I like meeting women, but I had done no dating since my divorce and the only sex partners I had were my hand, and beautiful Carmen, who I was sharing with my friend, and even cheating with on occasion.
I knew right then I was going to have to find the equivalent of this young girl, only she would have to be older, closer to my age, it was time for me to jump back into dating.
She made it to the bottom, and I could see her wince every time she tried to peddle on the flat. Gary's Jeep was close, but her little Honda was halfway across the lot. We parked our bikes, Carmen mounted them as Gary wheeled hers and I had my arm around her waist, as she put hers over my shoulder as I slumped to help her. The height difference was not going to allow this, so without asking I just plain picked her up in my arms like a babe. Having this cute young girl in my arms, and looking down into her blue eyes sold me, I had to find a girlfriend, I was in my early 30s and too young to be spending almost all of my time alone. She was a blond, looks-wise much different than Carmen or Brooke, age at this point was some of it, but she was even more petite and felt so good in my arms. Yes, just like Carmen the love of my life feels when I hug her, and whose full-time companionship I was being denied. Why did this girl have to be so young?
We got to the car, but with the trouble I was having to get her in the driver's seat, I noticed something that told me her driving herself was not going to work. Gary had mounted her bike on her bike rack and the two of us were standing there as she tried to use the clutch and gas peddle with her injured ankle as she grimaced. It was an older Honda and a stick shift, you just don't encounter cars with manual transmissions much anymore. We both knew that the extra footwork was going to be painful, she looked up at me with puppy dog eyes with a tear coming out of one, and said, "What am I going to do? I don't think I can drive."
She started to sob, and Gary jumped in and said, "Dumb-ass, you don't have anything to do, offer to drive this sweet little girl to her home or the ER."
Thoughts like that had already started to brew in my mind as well. I ask her if she felt safe with me driving her, and my friends can follow us, or just pick me up later. She was so cute when between sobs she said, "You would do that for me, a stranger?"
I replied, "You would go with me, a stranger?"
For the first time I got a smile a short laugh, "Do I have a choice? I don't know what to do, I don't have any health care now that I am too old to be on my parent's plan as of my last birthday, and I thought what the hurry to get my own? Now I know I guess."
"Don't worry if you need to be checked out, we will figure it out, I still have my ex-wife's card, it would just mean fraud, and prison for me, but you could visit me as you would be fixed up," she knew I was kidding, but it worked she was calming down.
I took her to an urgent care place, I figured if I acted like her big brother or dad, I could demand that just an x-ray was all we needed to be sure nothing was broken, to try to keep them from running up a bunch of extra charges. If it was negative there was nothing else they could do but wrap it and tell us to ice it, the Dr would want her to schedule a follow-up with him so he could get an office call charge, but she does not have to.
We made that stop, I was right, instructions were ice and taking her weight off of it would be enough, so that kept the cost down. and since the x-rays showed no breaks I took her home, I just put it all on my charge card, it was cheaper than getting a call girl. Kidding, of course, she was too young and cute for me to think that way, almost as young as my niece, my older sister's kid. I was not missing out on sex anyway, I was missing companionship, someone of my own to take care of, and take care of me. But she was just a kid, but over 18 I then knew, that is the age when you are kicked off your parent's health
plan.
She had a cute little place, a little smaller than mine, but no roommate, I was not sure if that was good or bad. Bad for her, she had no one to take care of her, but I was not upset, she was so nice and smelled so good, I could practice being a parent in case my life ever gets on track. I could skip past dirty diapers and puberty, and most of the way through rebellious teen years.
Cindy said nothing about calling her parents or did she even bring them up again, so I did not either. She needed out of her clothes, they were not comfortable for anything but running or bike riding and were dirty. I did not bring it up, but she asked me if I would help her, that she trusted me not to take advantage of her, and added, "You are so sweet, I wish I had a daddy like you growing up, he was never there for us."
A complement that did not sit well with me, I did not feel that old, but to her, I probably was acting as a good dad would to that point.
I carried her to her bedroom and was at a stalemate. I should not have fixated on her bike clothes so much, but I had been, she looked to be wearing only them and nothing else underneath, no pantie lines I could see, not even a sports bra as I could see her nipples. I asked her if I lifted her on the bed and covered her if she could shimmy out of her clothes, or I could reach in under it, and help her with the sheet for cover?
I got a remark that reminded me of one Carmen would make, "What are you? A priest or something, I told you I trusted you."
"O.K." I told her, "But you are in charge of this operation, just tell me what to do."
"Well I don't want this dirt that is on me on my sheets, so let me stable myself on you, and you can pull off this top first, just pretend I am a boy, my tiny boobs will help you with that."
She held on to my midsection, and I pulled it up and off. She was not lying, just exaggerating, comparing hers with the ones I was used to with Carmen and Brooke, she was not what I would call large in that area. She was overstating the fact that they were tiny, and I have to say they were so nicely shaped and so firm, the wonders of youth. The thought went through my mind that her breasts were plenty big enough to hold on to when you spoon and would be more than a mouthful. She was like Carmen and I was at her age, insecure, Carmen with her butt, and I with my penis, her ample breasts were her choice. I was somewhat speechless and not unlike me, I had nothing to say so I said nothing.
She just looked at me and said, "Well aren't you going to tell me they are just fine and that you just love looking at them?"
"No, I don't need to, deep down you have to know a topless young blond's breasts that are not at all as you described them is going to look pretty damn good to this old man. If I was younger, and you were my girlfriend I would spend a lot of time doing more than just looking at them."
She tightened her grip on me, pressing her bare breasts to my stomach, and held me tight. I just loved the feeling but had a feeling the meds prescribed and we picked up at the pharmacy were now kicking in. She was drugged from the pain killers and muscle relaxant and starting to act like it
She said, "I have never been with someone older, but I felt some excitement you when we touched, and I felt your excitement as well as mine. Are you ready for the debut of my lower half? I am kind of proud of that part of me, and that is where all the fun is, isn't it?"
"Well then, I guess I better ready myself, sorry about poking you with my boner, and I hope my bike shorts can take the extra pressure."
She tried to steady herself and reach down, but grimaced in pain. She tried again and managed to get the waistband of her shorts down partway on her hips, and though I was happy with what was already exposed, I was even more excited about what was about to be revealed. She said, "Well, I guess you are going to see things a little more close up than planned, pull these down to my knees, and set me on the bed, then you can finish pulling these bike shorts off for me."
I did, I had to put at least one hand on her bare ass to do it. I slid my hands under the waistband and on the bare skin of her round bottom, and I pulled them down trying not to look directly in front of me but failed. My face was right in front of her bald pussy when I got them down to her knees, and I got to feel her round ass as I did. That alone was such a turn-on, she was just was so trim, fit and firm, and having her pussy right in my face was a pretty good test of my ability to control myself. She had a right to be proud, her pussy was so well defined, and she was right, it was the main feature of such an unblemished young body, not even a tattoo that I could see. I got up then and my head was filled with images of the two of us, only I was not old in them, I never am. I was not done though, she was only half undressed and half in bed, but I needed to get out of there before the bulge in my shorts embarrassed me even more.
She said, "You're not going to leave me this way, even if I can get myself up in the bed, I can't get the rest of the way out of these shorts, do you expect me to sleep this way? You have seen pussies before I am sure, don't be shy, take these shorts off, and tuck me in Daddy. She had me so hot, and I knew that "Daddy" does not always mean what it used to, it has become what a woman calls her lover, mostly when he is older. I was turned on, trying not to show it, because I had to finish getting her in bed.
I picked her up again, this time to place her the rest of the way on the bed, and this time naked down to her knees. I was again trying to look only at those blue eyes, by this time showing the effects of the pain pills. I carefully removed her shorts then, being careful as I pulled them over her swollen ankle as not to hurt her. Her naked body looked so good to me lying there, and when she moved her right leg over to scoot in some more, her legs became spread, and I had a spectacular view of her pussy. It was my focus point, and it made me remember the first time I saw Carmen that way at the quarry. I was not watching closely when she did, but I think she took two pain pills instead of one. I was glad they only gave her 6 in case she did have a problem with drugs.
I noticed that the nurse and Dr. did not bother to dress the scratches above her ankle that she got from the rock, but I did tell them we just needed an X-Ray, so I guess they took me literally. I told her I would clean them up and she told me there was some medicated cream in the bathroom cabinet.
I came back with a warm washcloth and warm water as she was dirty from the fall. I lifted the sheet past her knees and started to clean up the dirt and blood from the scratches. I finished that part and was reaching for the salve when she quickly flipped off the sheet and said, "Don't stop, it feels so good getting the dirt and sweat off of me. Do the rest of me, don't be so shy, you are happy with what you are seeing, it is obvious in your pants."
Well, there she was, what a view I had as I sat below her on the bed. I rinsed out the cloth and worked my way up her legs. I did not know what to do when I got close to her sex but she could see that, and opened up her legs for me and said, "I am not dirty up there, but sweaty. Freshen me up, don't be afraid to go in my crack too, so I can sleep well. You are being so sweet to me Daddy, it's OK, I told you I trusted you."
I was both a little embarrassed and excited again, and the closer I got to her sex, the more she spread moved her good leg over to open up for me. I rinsed the cloth again and washed the outside of her labia first, then I went up into her crack. "Oh Daddy that feels so good being fresh down there, those pills made me horny though, if my ankle did not hurt, I might have attacked you."
Well, if I was afraid, it was of making my cock any harder than it already was. I was thorough and did her breast and yes they were not large, but there was still a need to lift them with one hand as I went underneath them. I can't say I did not enjoy giving her the sponge-type bath.
When I finished, I pulled the sheet up to cover her, and she insisted that I brought my head down so she could kiss me after I tucked her in. She seemed so content but getting buzzed as the pain killers kicked in, and she wanted another kiss. She may not have been walking well, but she grabbed my neck with her hands and pulled me down for what was a real kiss, not the kinda girl would normally give to her real Dad. She said, "Maybe you should undress and rinse yourself off too, you can join me, in case I need you in the middle of the night to help me go to the bathroom. I would just love having my new Daddy's naked body next to me, and don't worry I won't attack you, at least until I feel better." It was both a good and bad idea, and I told her, for now, I needed to get her an ice pack before we discussed sleeping arrangements.
I considered sleeping next to her, if I had at least some clean shorts I might have, but by the time I got back from her kitchen with a fresh cold wrap, she was sound asleep. She looked just like an angel to me, I can not deny that I still had an urge to join her naked. I would not have attacked her of course, but probably would not have slept, as I would have just looked at her all night.
I was standing there in the living room wondering what I got myself into. I was turned on, sweaty, and had no fresh clothes to change to. I texted Gary and told him all was well and I was going to stay the night but I needed someone to pick me up in the morning. Then I went to her bathroom to shower and rinse out my shirt and bike shorts so I could wear them in the morning till I got some normal ones. I wrapped in a towel went back to the sofa, found a throw for cover, and fell asleep.
I woke up from a dream and lifted the throw to see I had a boner. I looked at the clock it was 3 am, the towel was too small, so I wrapped the throw around me and checked on her, she opened her eyes and smiled as I changed the cold pack again, she reached for my hand but did not speak, and the pain pills caused her to fall back asleep again before she could get a hold of me.
I was so hard at that point, I just had to take care of myself, and went to the bathroom and jerked off to the dream and the fresh memory of her young naked body, then I flushed my DNA down the drain. That was what I needed, and I went back to the sofa and fell asleep like a babe.
Carmen picked me up in the morning, as Cindy was now able to get around a little, I made sure she took only one pain pill. She gave me another one of those non-fatherly kisses as I left, and right in front of Carmen. I got in the car with her and looked over at her as she stared back and said, "Jeffy has a girlfriend, Jeffy has a girlfriend. That little girl is in love with you already, now you have two women in love with you."
No reply from me other than, "Take me back to your place to get my car. Gary was at work, and Carmen did not miss a chance to point that out to me when we got there. "Gary is not here, and you look so hot in those bike pants with that bulge in them, is that from thinking of her, or me? I don't care, I just think it would be a shame to let a hardon like that go to waste."
I played it safe and said it was both of them that caused it. I agreed to go in after a little more coaxing but said it was just to get a cup of coffee as Cindy did not have any. Well, I did not get that coffee, because the next thing I knew we were naked and rolling around on the floor. She knew she had me at a weak point, us not fucking on our own is my rule, not hers. Once I had my tongue in her pussy and she had my cock in her mouth I was already willing to break it. All she had to do was make that move and she did saying as we dismounted from our 69, "Look, Jeff, your cock is really swollen, and my pussy well, it is aching for some Jeffy cock, so you just have to fuck me."
I did not answer but soon her legs were wrapped around my ass, and arms around my chest. My throbbing cock was deep inside her, and for the first time as we made love, my mind was not completely on her as I pounded her. The dirty old man in me surfaced, and I could not help but think as well about that cute little angel Cindy, that was just too damn young for me.
Carmen sensed it I guess, when we were done, "Don't feel so guilty about us fucking, I could tell in your mind you were fucking someone else, once I realized that, I decided to picture you as Brad Pitt, that way I figured neither of us was cheating."
Another good line, I had no reply for, she was right about me, and not afraid to point it out. It was a good fuck regardless, I do love her and would not even be thinking of anyone else if she was mine, and only mine.
I just had to weigh what the event meant to me, I missed a day of work and pay, and had a medical bill not of my own on my credit card," but I was treated to some nudity from a hot young girl, and had a good jerk off session during the night. I had mixed feelings about breaking my own rule with Carmen, even though my mind was not there, my cock was deep in her, and I left her a nice pie. What can you do? Some things just can't be prevented.
I had a new Facebook and Twitter friend after that, and she was not annoying at all, I was not sure about her, but I admit I was smitten, but the age thing just seemed like too big of a hurdle to get over. She was on me about the medical bill, she wanted me to come over so she could pay me back. She did not say in cash, and would not let up on me. I finally gave in to letting her buy me a meal I did not tell her what the bill was and figured she could not get us in a good enough restaurant to pay it back. I was anxious to see her again but did not want to go to her house, how could I not want to see her. She took me to an expensive restaurant, we were closer to even money-wise after that, she would not let me see or participate in the check or tip. We had such a good time though, she was so cute, trying to act older, but it was clear it was a teen trying to act more like an adult, but I liked that part.
I had a couple of drinks at the restaurant and accepted an invitation to her apartment when I took her home, and we had some drinks and talked. We did not make out, well at least not at first, just talked. But once she laid the law down that I was going to have to stay and not drive because of all the drinks I had, I got a strong feeling that she was looking at me less as a father figure. It might have been the booze we both had, and the more we had, the more thought I might be the kind of Daddy she wanted more from. Things got started with a kiss, but things escalated.
She kissed me before pulling my shirt off, and then my pants. I kind of resisted, but my heart was not in it, so I let her undress me. The next thing I knew she pulled her top off and was laying on her stomach, with her feet in the air, and sucking my cock, what a vision. I freed her breasts from her blouse, and she stood up and undressed the rest of the way.
She was then back with her legs in the air and this time naked, with that cute round butt in the air. I could not resist taking my hand and feeling her ass and crack. Eventually, my fingers penetrated her, as she was working my cock. I could feel her getting wet, and soon she was on my lap my cock pressed against her sex. She was just so beautiful and young, now naked and right there in front of me.
We ended up in her bedroom, she only had a double bed, but we only used half of it most of the night, the sex that started on the sofa turned into a 69, that's when I got to explore that young pussy of hers with my tongue. I warned her when I was on the edge, but she gripped my ass cheeks and took the load. I felt obliged to continue, and get her off at least once for her work, and ended up getting her off a couple of times. At that point, I just wanted to look into the blue eyes of hers and make out like I was someone of her age too. She was just fine with it, and we did, I just had such a warm feeling in my soul. I understood why a lot of guys date younger women, maybe trying to escape their age and recapture that stage of life that they are in, she made me think of Carmen at 18 at the stone quarry.
I suckled on her firm youthful breast, and just left my cock between her legs and pussy lips. It did not take long to get hard again, but I did not want to enter her and just fuck, I wanted to make love with her. Making love is what I missed, the threesomes with my two friends or the fucking in front of Gary lacked that feeling, she was his wife. I never wanted to tread on that marital territory, there is an inherent uneasy feeling that goes along with sex with another man's wife even though he claims to be OK with it.
She finally said, "I am so ready for you Daddy, please don't make me wait any longer, enter me now. I don't have a lot of experience with different men, but I am no nun. I do know by how your penis fills my mouth and throat, you have the biggest cock I have ever had, so be gentle until I get used to it. She was overstating the size of my cock I knew, and probably was deliberately baiting me, but I liked hearing it anyway.
We locked eyes as my knob pushed against her opening, and as soon as it let me in her vagina, I could see the expression on her face change to one of pure pleasure, I am sure I was displaying the same look. There is just nothing like fucking someone you already have some feelings for, especially the first time. No one-night stand can come even close to that feeling. I stroked her slowly, just savoring the feelings I was getting. Soon I was getting feedback from her, "Oh Daddy, you feel so good in me, a younger guy would be ready to cum already, just keep stroking me I love it, and your tenderness."
She was playing the youth card, she may not have been secure about her body, but she knew when fucking an older guy, it helps to point out your youth to them, she was a wise young woman in many ways, and I was just loving fucking her. After a while, she was ready and was not afraid to tell me, "OK Daddy, it's time to pound me, I am ready for all of that big cock, make me cum Daddy, Please."
Her pussy was so tight around my member I was afraid that was going to affect how long I could last, but I did already cum once on my own in her bathroom. That made me not so worried about having a premature ejaculation. She had her legs around my ass, crossing her ankles I guess, but she eventually let go, and pulled back her legs, lifting her ass so I was free to give her all I had to offer. I sped up until I was pounding her as she kept asking for more, "Oh Daddy, you are so Big and feel so good in me, keep fucking me like that, no one has ever felt that good in me, I am about to cum."
I loved fucking her as well, unlike with Carmen, it was nice not having to hold back as her husband watched, or carry the guilt of cheating. It was the best sex I had since Carmen and I first discovered how great sex could be. She also knew how to make a guy feel good about his endowment and skills.
I was just so happy to have my own girlfriend and made her cum twice before I came again. We took a short break, and just laid on our sides and just looked at each other. We did that a couple of times, we fucked what seemed like all night, I fell asleep still in her trying to go for a new record for me. I was not well-rested in the morning, but I was well fucked. I think she was too. but was happy I was leaving, we both needed rest, and there was no chance to get it being naked in the same bed, or even in the same apartment
at that early point of a new sexual relationship, but it was still hard to leave.
It did prove to be one, a sexual relationship that was every Saturday at first, and then sometimes after Sunday bike rides with Carmen and Gary, we would end up showering together, fucking in there, then having another session of sex afterward, we could not get enough of each other for sex, or just being together, we talked or texted every day, and started seeing each other a few weeknights. Eventually, I had my toothbrush and razor at her place and left for work from there. I thought I was in love, it just seemed to sneak up on me like it tends to, but I had been wrong before. For one, I still did not think our age difference would allow it to last.
Cindy fit right in with the three of us despite the age difference, and we all four had a lot of fun. She helped me pull a pretty good, and might I say enjoyable prank on the two of them, Gary and Carmen that is, it was after Cindy and I were together a while. It was a lot to ask, but I got the courage and told Cindy about owing them payback for the stunt they pulled on me.
There were times when we were at their place that Cindy and I would get sent to the guest bedroom when we started to even kiss too much, or just generally making out in front of them, and Cindy would giggle, like two teens in love would. I could see how annoying it was to the two of them, it would be to me or most people who have been married a while.
One night we were in the guest bedroom making love, fucking like rabbits is a better description. Even though we never discussed any details of how to get Carmen and Gary, I thought it was a good time, and stopped to make sure Cindy was up to it, it was a lot to ask of her. I told her they did not have to see that much, just know we are fucking. She said, "I am in, all in, so let's do it right. I want them to see me fucking my Daddy for real, that means with nothing blocked, I am not ashamed of my bald pussy, I want them to see it with your big dick inside it."
I was not planning of it being more than us naked, and partly covered, but what she proposed would come closer to making us even after what they had done to me. This really should have been a shock, because neither of them has seen her naked. I did not know how to get both and Gary there, as a guy I wanted to make him jealous, he has had a crush on her from the beginning. I decided to send a text to Carmen in the other room and ask her to bring us a fresh drink, we were too tired from kissing and making out to make the trip. She told me she was not my bitch, or my servant of course, but I figured she would do it.
Sure enough, she came, and my Cindy came through in flying colors. She seemed excited to do it and was butt naked doggie style, pointed so Carmen would see all of her as she entered. I could hear Carmen's steps, and she opened the door and came in to see my dick going in and out of my girl. Carmen froze, and screamed, I don't know how she held on to the drinks. I moved Cindy a little to the side, and I just looked at her and did not say it, but it was clear it was an, "I got you back moment." I felt so good having a girl that was open to helping me get her, well, eventually Gary as well, as he was soon there to investigate her scream. Now he was in a bit of shock too. They gathered their-selves up, Carmen placed the drinks on the dresser, with coasters, of course, that's my Carmen. Gary was fixated on Cindy still receiving my cock, but Carmen had him by the arm to leave when Cindy spoke, "Oh, come on you guys, don't deny this young girl this thrill and leave now, being watched by someone while fucking is the hottest thing I ever was part of, you just have to stay for Jeffy's cumshot, I can tell my Daddy is extra excited, so he won't be too long."
They did, and it was not a long wait, I was finding out what it was like to be watched fucking someone other than our threesomes and loved it. I kept pounding her and they got to see her cum first, and I could see Gary wrap his arms around Carmen, with his hands lifting her top to slide his hands under as he felt her tits. Carmen's hand was soon down his shorts as they watched, It became an intimate thing for them once they got over the shock. I am not sure if all Cindy's moaning was legit but her, "Oh Fuck Yeah Daddy, this is so Fucking Hot being watched, Fuck Me Hard with that big dick of yours," sounded awful good to me.
It was hot, just as much for us as she claimed it was for her I think, I usually pull out to cum, but was so worked up I did not even have time and shot my load in her and did not try to hide my "Oh Face" from them, Carmen seemed to be focused on it, and Gary on Cindy's ass as she said, "That was just so fucking hot Daddy, I Love You!" as she rolled on her back and kissed me.
I was holding my dripping cock when Gary said, "Well, we're even now, we are going to our room, and you are not invited to watch, but Cindy is always welcome in my bed."
That word "Love" she used always scares me, especially when I am feeling some of it too, this was in front of my best friends and I knew I would hear about it later. They started to leave until Cindy stopped them yet again, "Guys you know you want to see the creampie my Daddy gave me, I know Gary wants to see it form on this young pussy his buddy has been getting treated to."
Gary had it for her bad, and we all knew it, even her. Gary was the first to fall for her, I think when he was fixing her up after the bike incident. She spread her legs for them as she giggled, well mostly him of course. She proudly displayed my work, not embarrassed at all, she seemed proud to show her swollen pussy to them, as it started oozing her lover's cum she opened up her hole so they could see it better. She was no rookie in the showing off a pie department, although likely the first time to show one to someone other than her partner.
Carmen had to practically drag Gary out, I think it was mostly because she was as worked up as him, and wanted a dick of her own in her.
Well, Cindy did not exactly answer the invitation they gave her to watch them but did walk in on them just to take them a fresh drink and show them she was game for more, she came back giggling, and turned on, telling me she had seen Carmen's naked ass as she was sucking his cock. She confirmed what I thought about it. She did not say anything about his cock, but told me what I sexy ass Carmen has, something I already knew, she was so turned on she fucked me again. Doing most of the work this time for this old man.
Cindy and I were getting pretty comfortable with each other, and with Gary and Carmen after that stunt. Unlike the relationship that Carmen and my Ex had, a caustic one, this one was just plain warm and fuzzy. Carmen treated her like a peer, and I think she began to love her like the little sister she never had.
Nothing was said later by them, but we were no longer getting thrown out when we made out in front of them, they must have enjoyed it, and it would get them started as well. The girls did blow us in front of each other, I think it was a competition for them. Even though they had already seen us fucking, one night things managed to get even crazier than that one, or even the one when they fucked in front of me.
We were at Gary and Carmen's swimming, we had our suits on, but Cindy I think wanted things to go further, she had bought a string bikini, 99 percent string I think. We had gotten high, no booze, just pot that night, and just a little wine so none of us were out of control, with none of the false courage that booze can give you, we were of sound mind so to speak, just relaxed I guess.
The bikini, well, the lack of what it covered that is, was driving Gary out of his mind. Me too I guess, but she was my lover and I was more used to seeing that beautiful young body naked. She was teasing him once she saw the effect it had on him, bending over for him, etc..
Gary and I eventually started an intense game of one on one pool basketball, and the girls were in the hot tub. We wore ourselves out and we were unaware of what the girls were doing when Gary grabbed me hard by the shoulder and shook me, then grabbed and pointed my head to the tub. Cindy and Carmen were kissing, and not just their lips were involved, it looked like some hand play was going on. Shocked but turned on, we sat at a table and took some hydration as we watched them making out.
I could tell Carmen knew we were looking at them, I think Cindy too, it was crazy. I could see their tops were off and laying next to the tub. I wondered what they were up to, they had to conspire to do this I thought, they both would check on us, now we were each on our lounger, with a hand in our trunks as they continued. Almost in sync they tossed their string bottoms out of the tub, Carmen with a girl was not something either of us had witnessed or even heard of, but it would not be unlike her to do it just for the shock value, if for nothing else.
Soon we realized this was real, Cindy was up on the side of the tub now, my hot little girl with her knees spread as Carmen ate her out, and she seemed to be in some kind of bliss. It was so fucking hot, I just had to lose my trunks. My girl was naked, Gary and I were used to sharing Carmen that way, but this was new. I was rock hard, and so was Gary, we were two friends, at first just with our hands on our junk, then naked and jerking off together as our girls were eating each other out, yes they had traded places.
It was not long until they got out of the tub, both naked toweling off, I think they had enough of the hot water part and were now walking toward us in their naked glory, each with a glass of wine. Surprisingly it was Cindy that spoke when they got there, "You two old fellows look like you could use some
help with those little wieners of yours."
She wasted no time getting busy, the big surprise, well, just plain shock was that Cindy was now straddling Gary's legs and jerking his cock, not looking my way at all. But at the same time, Carmen was crawling up my lounger and just went right to sucking my cock. It was clearly a conspiracy on the girls' part. I looked down at Carmen to see that ornery smile of hers on her face as she blew me. I just had to look at Gary, he had the biggest smile of us all, he was fond of her the first time they met, and he rendered her first aid, now she was rendering aid to him. But this was not going to be just a blowjob we soon found out. She climbed up on him reverse cowgirl and reached down to guide him in.
I felt a short flash of jealousy seeing him with his cock in my girlfriend, followed by the realization that this was the kind of girl I need. Open for things like this, she sure looked hot doing it. Her breast may be a bit smaller, but her tight stomach, her little pussy grasping my friend's cock on every outstroke was something to see. She rode him for quite a while, Carmen and I had to pretty much stop what we were doing and just watch it was so hot. Her tits might be smaller but look just as hot bouncing up and down. Under normal circumstances, Cindy's action might have been a little slutty, but she was not looking like a slut to me, she just had this angelic look that only a younger woman can have, a teen. My little angel was fucking my best friend, but not behind my back like I sometimes did with his wife!
Things ended up with us moving inside, and on the great room floor. We had a drink but kept our pairing of partners. We were all naked so it did not take long till we were all fucking. Little Cindy was getting pounded by Gary, and I was not holding back any with Carmen as he pounded my cute little Cindy's pussy. It was such a natural transition into the swap it was.
We were both aware of what the other was doing to each other's girl, but it just added to the fire of the event. I could not have been more turned on, and I guess less jealous by then. I had myself a girlfriend, a lover, and companionship, at least for the present. All that and she is also into an occasional woman, and swapping male partners to keep things wild and fresh. Carmen and I finished first, I rarely cum in her, but that night I did, and she was sitting there next to me with my cum draining from her as we watched the other two.
I was more than happy seeing my girl get fucked by my best friend, no one was left out for once. She looked so hot riding Gary like a bronco. I moved Carmen between my legs and had my arms around her holding her breasts as we watched them. It was a good thing Cindy was doing the work, she is young and wearing him out, he was looking spent. She could have gone on I am sure, but was showing signs of overheating herself saying, "Daddy, what the Fuck? Are you going to cum for this teenager or what, I am young but tiring, can a get a little help with getting your Daddy off Carmen?"
Carmen was on it saying, "Don't worry baby girl, Mama Bear is here to help you with the old man. The thing you have to do in this situation is to try to think of what kind of new sexual act can you perform on him. I have an idea, come on down from there." she did and Carmen continued, "Our threesomes have always ben MMF's, I don't think he has ever looked down at two ladies as they sucked his cock together, I will start and you can take a breather and come in later."
She started on Gary's cock, and had it as hard as it could get, the signaled Cindy to come back in. I was then worried that I was going to be the next one to cum. Seeing the true and latest love of mine suck my buddy's cock together was hotter than seeing them eat each other out, or her getting fucked by him. Seeing Gary getting treated to this after he has been so kind to me being willing to let Carmen and I have sex, he deserved something special. I did not mind being the watcher, and I was not embarrassed to play with myself in front of Cindy as I did.
There were giving him a real treat, taking turns licking, sucking his balls, and at one point even lifting his legs and rimming him. He was going crazy with joy, and could not hold still, I even noticed at times his toes were curled up. It finally got to him and he yelled, I'm ready, and Carmen grabbed his cock, they put their heads together to take his load. There was Mama Bear (Carmen) and Baby Bear (Cindy) getting a facial together.
Without even wiping any off, Carmen said, "Oh, look over there, look what we did to him. Well, let's take care of what we caused, and headed over to me."
I was next and let go of my cock, so they could take over. My cock could not be any harder looking at the two of them, and feeling them sucking my cock and balls now. My little angel crawled up on my cock, and Carmen used her hands on the two of us, holding my balls, and working Cindy's clit. Eventually, I warned her I was going to cum, she dismounted and they teamed up again, and I added to the facials, and the girls licked each other's faces clean of both their men's cum. They were soon back at it with each other in a 69, I can't believe we did it, but I guess we are getting old and we were tired, Gary and I headed to the bedrooms and let them go at it without us.
It was quite a night, not planned, at least as far as Gary and I were concerned, and that made it even better.
I was learning to live in the moment, and the moment is all that counts!