I followed her quiet footsteps as she moved along the sidewalk. Her shape was dark and indistinct, obscured against the backdrop of night. A heavy mist had fallen over the campus, diffusing the light from the streetlamps into a ghostly haze that subdued all detail. But I'd already seen enough to pique my interest.
She went inside the library. So did I. The camera bag at my side felt solid and reassuring, an anchor against the uncertainty of human contact. She sat down at the index computers. I hung back and studied her, taking mental notes as I did. She had a slim profile, with wide hips and a smallish chest. Her short black hair was swept to one side in a stylish pixie cut. Her skin was naturally pale, with heavy eyeliner accenting her dark eyes. She had a subdued alt-punk kind of look, with multiple earrings and a pierced nose.
She was perfect.
I waited for her near the exit, spending a handful of minutes scanning the bulletin boards on the wall. They were always the same, a chaotic paper jungle of wanted ads for roommates, used books, blood donors, etc. And of course, models. I preferred the face-to-face approach, even though I wasn't very good at it.
The girl headed for the door. I moved quickly to intercept. Now that I was closer, I could see that she was wearing tight black jeans and a dark gray top with the familiar logo of a local band on it.
"Hi," I said. "Got a second?"
She gave me a quick glance of appraisal before slowing to talk. Her eyes were brown and inquisitive. Her face had the kind of quiet prettiness that grew more noticeable the longer you looked.
"Sure," she answered, focusing her full attention on me. Something immediately jammed between my brain and my vocal cords, and for a terrible moment I couldn't speak. She watched me curiously as I fumbled for words. It felt like whatever chemistry we might have had was rapidly dissolving into the night air.
"I, uh, I'm a photographer," I managed to say. "I'd like you to model for me."
Her eyes narrowed but she didn't walk away. "Oh yeah? What kind of photographer?"
Finally, the words came out. They were well-rehearsed but sincere.
"I'm working on a project about individuality and self-image, you know, how people express themselves through their appearance. I'm putting together a portfolio and you have the exact look I had in mind." As I spoke, I tried my best to be charming. Disarming. Normal. I was clutching my camera bag with a viselike grip.
"This is really for an art class?" She asked, glancing toward the door. The silver stud in her nose glittered. "Nothing weird?"
"No, no, nothing weird," I answered, maybe a little too quickly. "Just a photo layout of you in your own clothes. Natural poses. It should only take a half-hour at the most."
She chewed her lip and seemed to consider for a moment, then looked me in the eyes and asked the worst possible question. "Does it pay anything?"
"Uh, no," I answered. "But I can give you a custom portfolio with all the shots you like." I smiled and shrugged. Honesty was the only thing I had going for me. "Best I can do on a student budget."
She paused, then cracked an odd little smile of her own. "Okay, sure. What the hell."
"Great!" I tried not to sound as surprised as I was. "Um, when's good for you?"
"How about tomorrow," she answered. "Around five?"
"That'd be fine. How about we meet back here?"
She nodded, still wearing her quirky smile. "Okay."
"Oh, by the way, my name's Rick," I added, offering her my hand.
She took it and squeezed lightly. "Angela."
"Nice to meet you, Angela."
She released my hand and looked at me for a long moment. I wondered what she saw. "I have a class to get to," she said abruptly. "See you later."
"See you," I nodded. She walked through the door and disappeared into the night.
On the way home I found myself analyzing every word and gesture until I'd made up my mind that she wasn't going to show. Maybe she thought she was being nice by stringing me along, by not telling me to fuck off outright...
Enough. I closed my eyes and forced a deep breath into my lungs. I released it slowly and told myself to relax. If she showed up, great. If not, it wasn't the end of the world. The anxious flutter in my chest didn't seem convinced.
The next day was dark and rainy. I tried to gather the nerve to approach someone else, but it just wasn't happening. I'd known I was overstepping my limits when I decided to photograph women. Approaching them always made me twitchy. I think it was from all the merciless teasing I'd gotten back in middle school. A gang of popular girls in my class had gotten their kicks out of humiliating the nerdy types, and they'd seemed to have it in for me especially. I wasn't half as shy as I used to be, but speaking to women—especially the attractive ones—still made my stomach twist into knots.
My classes ended early and I spent a while just walking in the drizzle. I watched people as they interacted, each the center of their own little universe. Most had enough gravity to pull others in. Some pushed them away. I seemed to neither repulse nor attract. I was completely and horribly inert.
I went to the library at five o'clock, hoping I was wrong. At five-thirty I was still standing in the rain. It somehow felt appropriate. When the gray sky gave way to black, I turned and headed home.
The rain had turned the roads into mirrors. Every streetlamp and traffic light was reflected in the shining surface, but whenever I focused on one and walked toward it, it seemed to disappear just as it came within reach.
* * * * *
Thursday. The end of my school week. The sky was full of rain and the students seemed subdued as they milled from class to class. Every color seemed muted. It occurred to me that my life was turning into some exceptionally dullfilm noirmovie. I wondered if I was supposed to be the hero. I had the squarish jaw for it, but not the confidence or charisma. Shitty casting. Nobody would want to see a film without a plucky heroine either. At least,Isure wouldn't.
The rain let up and I sat outside. I was busy scribbling notes for my life's hypothetical screenplay when a shadow appeared in the corner of my eye. It came closer. To my surprise the dark lines and white surfaces came together in the form of Angela.
"Hi." She smiled apologetically. "Sorry I didn't make it yesterday. I had to rewrite a paper for my English class." She looked much the same as before, only now she was wearing a different top and a pair of black plastic-rimmed glasses. It was a surprisingly cute look for her.
"Not a big deal," I replied, smiling back. I was suddenly and distinctly aware of my pulse. "Uh, are you still interested?"
"Yeah," she answered, her eyes flitting down over my notebook for a moment. "How about tonight at six?"
"Can you make it six-thirty?" Cute or not, I was struggling in Statistics already.
"Sure. Do I need any special clothes or anything?" She asked.
"No," I said, looking at what she was wearing. She had on a dark brown turtleneck sweater with black jeans and a pair of heavily scuffed Doc Martens. She didn't seem to be wearing a bra. "This outfit's perfect," I told her.
She smiled. "Okay then, six-thirty at the library." With a little wave she walked away. I sat there wondering if the tingle on the back of my neck meant that things were looking up, or that a natural disaster was coming. Maybe it was both.
I rushed to the library as soon as my class ended. Angela was already there waiting, but that didn't do much to ease my anxiety. As I should have expected, there was a problem. The studios in the art department had been closed due to a leaky roof and probably wouldn't be open for another few weeks.
Angela looked at me with an unreadable expression as I explained it to her, then I threw out the only alternative I had. Hopefully it wouldn't sound too much like a line.
"Well, I do have a studio at my apartment, but if you don't feel safe going to some art weirdo's place, I won't take it personally," I said. "I can try to find somewhere else..."
"I don't mind," she replied after a moment's hesitation. "Your apartment is fine."
I expected an earthquake or hail of frogs to hit at any moment. "Alright then, this way."
We talked a bit on the short walk there. Angela told me that she was a Communications major and that she grew up in Seattle before moving here to California, though the current weather made her feel like she was back home. She'd come here mainly to be with her high school boyfriend, but they'd since broken up.
I got the impression that she was smart. She seemed weird too, in an interesting way. She told me that she'd modeled a few times for a friend, but this was the first time she'd done it for anyone else.
I ushered her inside my apartment and gave her a quick tour before taking her to the 'studio.' It was nothing more than the second bedroom set up with lights and a backdrop. I'd never used it for shooting an actual model before. The room had an old sofa and a couple of chairs, and I told Angela to have a seat while I got my gear ready. She sat down and thumbed through an old portfolio of mine while I set up my tripod and angled the lights.
"Whoa," she said, coming to the small section of nudes. "Did all these girls pose for you?"
I felt my face getting warm. "Not exactly, they were models hired by the art department. You're actually the first person to grace my humble studio."
She smiled. "I feel honored."
There was an awkward silence. I could feel Angela watching my every move as I set up the camera. I told myself to stay focused and not let her distract me. As if on cue, my anxious hands fumbled while attaching my zoom lens, and I almost dropped both it and the camera.
My nerves were on full display. I wouldn't have blamed her if she got up and left. But if anything, she seemed amused by it. She was still sitting there with her chin in her hand and the hint of a smile on her face, and somehow that helped me to relax a little as I finished setting things up.
"Okay, we're all set," I announced. I was eager to get the shoot going. "Just stand in front of the backdrop and we'll see how the lighting is." She got up and took position, looking at me with the same quirky smile as I focused the camera on her. I'd decided to start with black and white since it would give the most contrast with her clothes, skin, and hair. Plus, it just seemed appropriate.
"Try crossing your arms and looking casually at the lens," I told her. She swiftly complied, angling her body into a three-quarters pose without even being asked.
"Very good," I said, taking a few shots of her. "Now look off to the side like someone just called your name." Once again she did as directed, turning her head and looking curiously over her shoulder as if expecting to see someone she knew. I snapped a few more pictures.
My anxiety was gone. I was behind the camera now. I was confident. In control. Or at least I could create the illusion of it. Either way, this was one of the only times that I felt I could truly be myself.
"Alright, now look back at the camera and get mad. It's the bully that used to pull your hair and put lizards down your shirt in grade school." She flashed a smile then glared at the lens, even curling her lips and throwing her hands up in a 'what the hell is wrong with you' gesture.
"Perfect." I was starting to enjoy this. Angela looked great and was even playing along with my goofy directions. Either she'd undersold her abilities, or she was just naturally good at it. I decided to take things up a notch and see what she would do.
"Okay. Now it's that guy you've always liked. See if you can get his attention."
She seemed to consider for a moment. Then she looked at me with such a searching gaze that my heart started to pound. Her eyes were wide and pleading, her pouted lips and mouth downcast as if in defeat. There was a sense of loss and longing in her face that I hadn't expected to see. It felt a little too real, and I wondered if it had something to do with her ex-boyfriend. I made sure to get as many pictures as I could.
A moment later she switched to a more playful expression, seductive and confident. She posed as if blowing a kiss, then stuck out her pierced tongue and curled it suggestively. It was long and agile. I could only imagine all the interesting things she could do with it.
"Awesome," I said, feeling warm. She was turning out to be a much better model than I'd ever expected.
After several more shots I asked her to try a rock star pose. She put her hands on her hips and lifted her chin, looking at me almost arrogantly. Then she took a wide stance and posed as if she were wailing on an imaginary guitar.
"Very good," I said, clicking away. "Just do whatever you feel like. Whatever comes naturally."
Angela lifted her arms and slid her fingers through her hair while looking sexily at the camera. Then she slowly turned in a circle, seeming to intentionally show off her well-rounded ass. I was getting a little aroused by all this, and the gawkiness I'd managed to shrug off behind the camera was returning even as Angela settled down into some less provocative poses.
I took a deep breath and tried to relax. I still had a project to do.
"Do you have any tattoos?" I asked, trying to sound professional.
"Yeah," she answered with a grin. "One. But I don't know if I want to show it." It seemed like more of a tease than a refusal, but I couldn't be sure. Interpreting flirty behavior had never been my strong point.
"No pressure." I said, my curiosity quietly raging. Then another thought occurred to me. "You wouldn't happen to be pierced anywhere else, would you?"
She didn't say anything. She just pulled up her sweater a bit, revealing her taut white stomach and pierced bellybutton.
"Very nice." There was a curved silver barbell stuck through the upper rim of her navel. Her belly looked flat and smooth. I snapped a few more pictures to finish the set, then stopped to load a new roll of film.
"So, how do you like being a model?" I asked, genuinely curious.
"It's not bad. More fun than I thought it'd be."
"Well, you're awesome at it. Honestly amazing. I can already tell these pictures are going to rock."
"Thanks." Angela smiled and looked away, even seeming to blush a little. God, she was adorable. I smiled back, doing my best to stay cool and collected even though my pulse was racing.
"You sure you don't want to show your tattoo? After all, it's part of who you are." Of course, I broke into an embarrassed smile after the word 'sure'. So much for staying cool.
She seemed to waver for a moment. "Okay," she finally said. "You talked me into it."
She unhitched the top two buttons of her jeans. Then my breath caught in my throat as she turned and lowered her pants, dropping them enough to reveal the star-shaped tattoo right between the dimples on her lower back. It looked like a black sun with wavy intertwined lines radiating outward in a starburst pattern. I wondered if she knew that she was also showing me the upper crack of her butt. She held the pose as I took several photos.
"I like it," I commented, referring to both the tattoo and her backside. "Any special meaning?"
She turned around and settled her clothes back into place. "Thanks. Nah, I just liked the design."
"I bet you get asked this all the time, but did it hurt?"
"A little yeah. But the piercings hurt more. Especially these." She grinned and pulled up her sweater, dispelling any doubt that she wasn't wearing a bra. She flashed her perky little tits at me, the pair of silver barbells in her pierced brown nipples gleaming brightly.
"Wow," was all I could say. I didn't even think to take a picture.
"Sorry," she said, pulling her sweater down and looking ashamed. "I don't usually flash people. It must be the lights."
"Yeah, it must be," I said, my face feeling hot. "I won't complain if you have anything else you want to show off, though. Honest."
She smiled at me, not seeming to notice the unsteady arousal in my voice. Either that or she didn't mind. I felt that I couldn't really be blamed under these conditions anyway. This was the first time a girl had ever flashed her tits at me, or her butt for that matter.
"Well," she said coyly, "thereisone more piercing I could show you." I went down a mental checklist of what I knew she had pierced already, and there weren't many options left. I swallowed hard again.
"Really, what?" I asked in mock innocence.
Angela unbuttoned her jeans all the way down and slowly lowered them to mid-thigh. I stared in shock as her dark triangle of closely trimmed pubic hair appeared. She spread her legs a short distance apart to reveal the delicate lips of her pussy and the captivating gleam of a clit ring.
My pants suddenly felt much tighter. I remembered my camera this time and used the remainder of the roll on a gradually closer sequence of shots, ending with a few very enticing frames of her jeweled vulva. She turned her head to the side with an embarrassed smile and half-covered her face as the shutter clicked away.
"Beautiful." I felt light-headed as I stood back from the camera. "If this is the lighting's fault, then every studio needs lights like these." I was babbling and my voice sounded husky, even to me. Angela only giggled as I quickly rewound the film and popped a fresh roll in.
"I bet that one hurt the most, though." I added, doing my best to keep us talking. The shoot was quickly going off the rails, but the last thing I wanted to do was slow down.
"It wasn't too bad actually," she answered, looking down at herself. "I just got the hood pierced. Some girls actually get theirclitsdone, but I'm not that much of a masochist." She started to pull her pants up and I felt a strong sense of impending loss.
"Mind if I get some with your whole body?" I asked, wincing at my choice of words. "I mean a few shots of all your piercings from the neck down. You can use a chair if you want." I tried to sound as objective as possible, though this was possibly the most turned on I'd ever been in my life.
"Sure." Angela followed my suggestion, sitting down in one of the wooden chairs before lowering her jeans again and raising her sweater. I angled the lighting to cast better shadows over the curves of her body. She was reclining on the edge of the seat with her legs close together, the gently rising mound of her black-haired pussy outlined in sharp relief by the lights. Her torso was slouched a little with her sweater bunched up just above her silhouetted breasts. Her tits rose prominently above the smooth slope of her stomach, and all of her piercings gleamed. She was simply gorgeous.
Angela was looking at me dead-on from behind her glasses, her cheeks blushing a light red. She wasn't smiling, but the intensity of her gaze suggested that she was enjoying this. I hadn't expected her to be so much of an exhibitionist.
I snapped about a dozen pictures then removed the camera from its tripod. I told myself it was just to get some odd-angle shots and not because I wanted to get closer. After only a few more shots, I found myself on my knees right next to her with my heart thumping loudly in my chest. My eyes were level with her pierced bellybutton, my camera acting as a flimsy barrier between us. A voice in my head whispered that I should stop here and not test the limits of the universe any further, but I was too caught up in the moment to listen.
Once again the camera was forgotten. My eyes wandered downward, from Angela's close-cropped pubic hair to the silver ring that hung from the delicate hood at the top of her slit. The swollen pink lips, the hidden gap between her thighs, they were like mysteries waiting to be explored.
I glanced up and saw that she was watching me. Her chest was rising and falling rapidly, and feeling suddenly bold, I moved in close with my face just above her thighs. I could smell her now, a flowery-sweet scent of perfume mixed with the heady musk of arousal. On a whim I leaned in and exhaled slowly, breathing a stream of hot air over her groin. She gasped and her hips gave a sudden jerk, causing the chair to creak. My head was swimming as I did it again, taking an even deeper breath and releasing it over her pussy.
She shuddered and gasped again, her knees drifting further apart. The movement sent her jeans slipping down almost to her ankles.
"If you keep doing that, I'll have to smother you," she said, her voice sounding low and thick.
She was looking down at me with a very intent expression. Setting my camera aside, I took another deep breath and slowly let it out over her vulva. I could see the muscles in her stomach tensing up.
"Aahhfuck," she gasped, and true to her word, she lifted her butt off the chair and pushed herself toward my face. I instinctively slid my hands under Angela's ass and caught her as I kissed the warm lips of her pussy. She tasted good, salty-sweet with an edge of tartness that faded as I began to lick. Her legs opened wide, and I felt her fingers snaking through my hair and around the back of my head to pull me in closer. She moaned as I sealed my lips over her hooded clit and attacked the warm metal ring, swirling and batting it around with slow, gentle sweeps of my tongue.
My head was spinning too, only faster. This was so far beyond anything I'd imagined that it almost didn't seem real. But it was happening, and I was determined to make the most of it. I resumed sucking eagerly at the top half of her pussy, drawing her delicate inner lips into my mouth before licking them all the way up to her swollen clitoris and back down again.
"That feels so fucking good," she whimpered, rhythmically grinding herself against my face. I kneaded the firm cheeks of her ass and licked her harder. Her pubic hair tickled my nose and the scent and taste of her filled my senses. I groaned into her pussy, surrendering myself to the wet heat on my face and the firm flesh in my hands.
Her gasps became louder, and in a few moments she let out a series of sharp moans as her body shivered. She was cumming. I gripped her tightly around her butt and hips as she humped her pussy at my tongue a few more times, then she relaxed and fell limp. Her legs gave way completely and she probably would have slid off the chair if I hadn't been holding on to her.
She seemed to be in a daze, so I slid my arms under her body and managed to lift her up. I wasn't the most muscular guy in the world, but I was strong enough to carry her over to the couch. Angela sighed as I lowered her down. Her pants were still down around her calves, and I knelt in front of her and rubbed her bare thighs for a minute while she recovered.
"You made me come really hard," she said, her eyes sparkling as she looked at me through her glasses.
I smiled, feeling proud and awkward at the same time. "You deserved it for being such a great model."
"Yeah?" She smiled sarcastically. "I bet you say that to all the girls."
"Actually, I don't," I answered, kissing her right below her bellybutton as she started to stand. "I just didn't want to say 'it's because I really like you' and mess everything up."
I got to my feet and steadied her as she pulled her pants up and smoothed out her sweater. I figured we were done after that. I'd taken my shot and blown it. But Angela seemed to have other plans.
"Well, if you're not sure what to say, just shut your mouth, stand there, and look pretty." She grinned and sat back down on the edge of the couch, hooking her fingers through the loops of my jeans and pulling me in closer. She kept eye contact with me as she slowly undid my fly, sending a ripple of anticipation through my body with every touch. Her hands found me rock hard and straining. She glanced down and released my cock from its denim prison, seeming to study it as she tugged on it gently, moving the taut skin back and forth over the shaft.
Judging by the intensity of her gaze, I'd say that she liked what she saw. I wasn't huge, but my dick was close to seven inches and had a solid thickness to it. She breathed on it like I'd done to her, causing me to shiver as the warm air blew teasingly over my skin. I groaned as she did it again, tickling me with her breath and making me desperate to bury my cock in something snug and warm. Then she leaned forward, looking up at me cutely through her glasses as she put the head of my throbbing penis between her lips and took me into her mouth.
Angela began sucking almost immediately, and for a moment the sensations of liquid warmth and pressure drove all rational thought from my brain. I was barely conscious of her bobbing head and the quiet wet noises of her sucking lips. She was able to take about two-thirds of me into her mouth, her fingers encircling the base to hold it steady. I could feel her long tongue at work, the rounded stud in it sliding deliciously along the underside of my cock.
I put my hand on the side of her head and she closed her eyes and moaned, still bobbing away as I ran my fingers through her short silky hair. It was amazingly soft and felt like something I could play with for hours, especially while watching those pretty lips of hers move up and down over my shaft. I reached down and slid my other hand over the front of her sweater, feeling a perky breast nearly spring into my palm as she straightened her back in response. I cupped and squeezed until I felt the erect nipple poking me like it wanted attention. I gave it a gentle pinch, and she moaned again and began sucking harder. There was look of deep concentration on her face, her cheeks hollowing as she applied even more suction. It had been great before, but now it was incredible. I felt the end approaching quickly.
"I'm gonna cum," I warned, but she only quickened her pace. I tensed up, groaning as I felt the pressure swell and build to the bursting point, then I exploded into Angela's mouth. It was so intense it was almost painful. It was also one of the best and longest orgasms I'd ever had.
She kept her lips sealed firmly around my pulsing cock, as if determined to take everything I gave her. Just as the pulses were subsiding, she suddenly choked and pulled away to spit a surprisingly large volume of cum out onto the floor.
"You all right?" I asked, holding her shoulder and feeling guilty as she coughed a few times. I hadn't ejaculated in a while and I should have warned her. Still, that had been a lot even for me.
"Yeah," she answered, seeming to have cleared her windpipe. "Sorry. You kind of overwhelmed me." She wiped her mouth and scrunched her face up at me, looking embarrassed. "Did any come out my nose?" It was the kind of look that was so unintentionally cute as to be irresistible.
"Nope. Come here." I pulled her to her feet and kissed her on her wet lips. I slid my arms around her, still swaying a bit from my orgasm. She kissed me back, her tongue slippery and tasting of cum. I didn't mind. I ran my fingers over the back of her neck and through her hair. Her lips pressed harder against mine, her hands moving down my back and over my ass. My cock was rubbing on her sweater and pressing against her lower stomach. It was still fully hard, which wasn't too surprising since I hadn't been with a girl as amazing as Angela in, well, ever.
I turned and sat down slowly, pulling her along. She took her glasses off and straddled me as our lips merged again. We took turns sucking each other's lips and tongues, our hot breath mingling as we kissed soulfully on the couch. Angela was grinding herself against me, and I was so hard that it almost hurt.
"I want you to fuck me, Rick," she whispered, sending a warm shiver down my spine. She took one of her hands from around my neck to fumble in her front pocket, an expression of pure lust on her face. She pulled out a little square package and opened it, her lips still locked with mine. She unrolled the condom over my straining cock, then stood to practically tear her shoes and pants off. I did the same, shoving my jeans down and hurling my shirt to the floor.
As she kicked her panties free and regained her balance, I leaned forward and caught her by the hips, pressing my face against her sweet-smelling pubes and kissing her affectionately. Angela seemed impatient, though, and after only a few seconds she pushed me back down on the couch. She grasped my cock and straddled me again, sinking down on my lap with a groan. Her pussy was extremely wet, and I felt her warm tightness slowly engulf me as I slid almost halfway into her on the first try.
She immediately began to ride me, humping her butt up and down urgently while she pulled me in for a kiss. She was more aroused than I'd ever seen a woman get before. I had no idea why she was so turned on, but it added even more fuel to my own passion. I moved my hips up to meet her while I sucked and nibbled on her bottom lip, then I slid my hands up under her sweater to capture her tits. I squeezed them firmly, pinching and rolling her pierced nipples between my fingers. She moaned and stopped on the next downstroke, her pelvis resting snugly against mine with my cock buried completely inside her. She looked into my eyes for a moment, then I felt a muscular squeeze as her pussy tightened around me. It felt amazing. She repeated it several times, gripping and releasing my cock as she studied my reaction.
"Oh fuck," I groaned, holding on to her waist for dear life. She smiled, then slowly started moving again. Before she could pick up the pace, I swung her body to the side and turned her around so that she was underneath me on the couch. She instantly locked her legs around me and pulled me forward, groaning as I buried myself in her again with one smooth thrust. The only thing on my mind was an overwhelming desire to fuck this girl senseless.
Angela dug her fingers into the sofa cushion behind her head as I began pumping her with long, deliberate strokes. She looked up at me through half-closed eyes and moaned, knitting her brow and biting her lower lip. I gradually began fucking her harder, unable to resist caressing her gorgeous face as I did. Part of me never wanted this moment to end. But like everything else in life, it had to.
I cradled her face with my hand and ran my thumb gently over her lips, and she sucked at it for a few seconds before suddenly arching her back and moaning sharply, her hands gripping my shoulders with surprising strength. I looked into her eyes as she came, watching her lose focus on me as the shudders wracked her body. Her face was flushed and glistening, her breath coming in ragged, sobbing gasps. I slowed my motions, then stopped as she shut her eyes tightly and the shivers in her body subsided.
I gently pulled out of her, the condom glistening wetly. It looked wrinkled and abused. She lay there for a minute with her eyes closed, her chest heaving. Her breathing slowed as I stroked her hair, then her eyes flicked open and she looked up at me with an embarrassed little smile.
Angela began to rise and I gave her a hand up. We got dressed in silence. Whatever had happened between us seemed to have run its course, and I think neither of us wanted to spoil the moment by saying anything.
She gathered up her bookbag and I followed her to the door. Then with a halting smile and a wave, she left.
Just like that, it was over. Maybe I should have said something. Asked her to stay for a while longer. But the last thing I wanted was to make her uncomfortable, so maybe it was good for once that I'd kept my mouth shut.
It began to drizzle as I watched her leave. The hazy amber streetlights made everything indistinct, ghostly, a mirror image of when I'd first seen her. This time I was letting her walk away. Maybe it was for the best, but it still didn't feel right somehow.
She'd just gone out of sight around the corner when I suddenly realized why. I'd forgotten to ask for her number. I hesitated, then ran downstairs and caught her just before she crossed the street. Somehow our universes had collided, and now I had to see if they would fall into orbit around each other or rebound and fly off in different directions.
"Hey Angela."
"Hey, Rick," she said, turning back to look at me. There was still the hint of a smile on her face. I took it as an encouraging sign, even though I suddenly felt awkward again.
"Uh, could I get your number? For when the pictures are ready, I mean."
"Oh yeah. Sure." She dug a pen out of her bag, then took my hand and wrote the digits on my palm. She gave my hand a lingering squeeze before abruptly letting go and stepping back, looking a bit awkward herself.
"Okay, see you around, Rick."
"See you," I answered. She turned and walked away. It was raining by the time I got back to my door.