"So what did you think of my girls, Jailbate?"
Gavin Reese sorting through old records to kill the boredom of a slow day, after the girls had left shrugs. "Different. Like I said earlier Pooki and Ho Nee shred on the guitars. I'm not tooting my own horn, but I could probably teach them a few things."
Pinky resting her back against the display cases next to him, arms folded, nods, "I love my Asian persuasions. We rocked together for a good year or so."
"So what made you leave them for Milkbone?"
"Nothing feudal. I just decided I needed to spread my legs...wings even. Gidget used to hang with us and I knew she could sing so I groomed her along. I think she's turning into quite the Diva."
"They might consider an image change. Those schoolgirl outfits have been done to death."
"Tell that to Angus Young of AC/DC. He'll be buried in that kid's get up."
"Probably so." He chuckles discovering an old Molly Hatchet album, "Here's an unsung hero. These guys killed it back in the day."
Looking as he shows her the jacket cover Pinky winces, "Too hillbilly."
"Well yeah. Still those guys owned it."
"I thought you were a metalhead?"
"I am. It's influential to appreciate all genres. These fellas rocked hard."
"I get that. You know Jailbate drooled over you right?"
"What woman doesn't?" He laughs and puts the album back into the bin.
"Love the ego. For the record, not that one." She scowls pointing at the Molly Hatchet album, "Why did you choose Jezebel that night at Ginger's?"
"Did I choose her? She climbed on to me if memory serves."
"Shocked me. She's not usually into white guys. Not jealous or anything, but I figured maybe you might have liked me after getting you the job here."
"You got me the job?" He reacts queerly, "I think I handled that part on my own just fine. It's all about presence. You want business? The guys come in for you. The gals will come in for me." He nods toward Floyd's office, "The classics will drop by for...nostalgia."
"You got that right. Wait until you meet the rest of my family. Trust me you'll think Floyd is a saint."
"Oh that reminds me. Connecting family, now that you bring it up, Floyd says that the girl down the block at the T-shirt shop is your cousin."
"Katrina? Yeah, she's awesome. Why? You got the hots for her now?"
"Black Crowes circling...Jealous again?" He sings ever so briefly laughing.
"Nooo! Get over yourself. Did Gramps tell you Katrina is deaf?"
"He did. She seems to be dealing just fine."
"Kind of have to when you've been that way since childhood. It's sad really, I'd love for her to hear me on stage, not just see me." Pinky fidgets with a depressed look on her face.
"I take it she's been to a show?"
"Not since I joined Milkbone. Only a garage session with Jailbate."
"You should invite her to Naperville on Saturday. Might do her good to know you care, and want her to be a part of your career."
"Maybe. She doesn't party like I do though. She might feel out of her zone."
"Have you even asked her what her zone is?"
"I guess not. How did the subject of Katrina get brought up?"
"When I was passing by her shop I looked in and had a brainstorm thought. Have you guys printed up any Milkbone shirts to get the word out?"
"No we haven't. Good idea."
"Well now, doesn't it make sense that Katrina gets your business? You maybe even getting a discount?"
Pinky puckers, "I'm digging the idea. Let's design it on paper and we can run it by her."
"I was also thinking that the logo you guys have could evolve more. Why would you use a dog tag with your name in it as an attention getter?"
"We were gonna have two Pitbull's fucking but figured it might be in bad taste." She giggles.
"Any worse than cum shots all over your bus?"
"Better than tomato stains." She licks her lips seductively.
"Only offering insight Priscilla." He uses her real name.
"Watch it." She pelts his arm with her fist while shaking her head. "Seeing as it's your idea you go draw it up. I'm gonna go relieve my bladder and head out back for a smoke."
"So you park out back? No room for my Jeep or my bike to save on the parking costs?"
"Not really, but seeing as you got eyes for Katrina she might share some room in her back alley spot."
"That would be great. I wouldn't mind hanging on to this job, but my finances need all the help they can get."
"You blow through that advance we gave you already? Heard you bought a bicycle, planning on riding that to work?"
"Naw! That was a gift to a gal in my brownstone. She's a bike courier but some asswipe ran her off the road. Trashed her frame."
"You're broke and you buy things for people you just met? I'll take a diamond bracelet."
"She's a nice lady. Down on her luck as much as any of us. Pay it forward I say. I'm sure if I need anything she would help me."
"Like a blowjob? I can help you out." She laughs.
"Not every exchange requires sex Pinky. But, I won't say no to that." He chuckles then points at her, "Not today though. First impressions."
"You sure? I'll let you make an impression here...and here...and even here." She points at her tits, ass, and face while wagging her brows.
"Another day."
"Fine! At least I know you want me."
"As a friend just as much. Let's never lose that."
"Beneficial." She winks then wiggles away. He couldn't resist her tight little ass in that white micro mini. The girl had it going on. She knew it too. Without looking back she raises her skirt over her butt cheeks. She knew he was looking. Mirrors helped.
Back at the Brownstone...
Crystal Balou returned home from a single Uber drop off, a slow day but she was glad due to the building stress. This pending rendezvous with Roy made her ill. Queasy, she gets out of her car and starts to head inside the back door to the brownstone. Heading upstairs she finds herself cut off on the staircase by a lazy looking Regina wearing an off the shoulder cream colored shirt and loose white shorts.
"You doing alright Lady Blue?"
"I'm fine Regina. Just didn't get much sleep." She yawns without acting, "I wonder why." An extended tongue razz and flared eyes sends a mental message to the beautiful black woman with instant poise and grace.
"We were kind of loud weren't we?" Reggie grins.
"Gnarly must have been in rare form."
"Not really. He took off on us, so I took the party back to my canopy bed. Mmmm Mmmm! That Ivy is one fine white girl."
"I'm glad you two hit it off. I didn't know she was bi. I've seen her with a couple different guys at Barbarians, but honestly I don't know much about her. She's always nice to me though. Anyway, what did you overhear the coppers say when you went all undercover snooping?"
"Enough. Tell me you're not going through with that. Honey I have your back if you wanna go talk to their Captain."
"No. I'm not sure how deep bad cops go. If we did do that Roy could find out and retaliate not just against me, but you. Reggie I couldn't live with myself if you guys got into trouble. What did Gavin say about it?"
Wincing Reggie admits, "I didn't have time to fill him in. Your boss hitting on him, then offering him that job, me and Ivy. Liquor. I'm a piss poor friend for forgetting."
"Promise me you won't tell him about my meeting Roy. As much as I value you guys watching my back, I just know this will go terribly wrong if I don't just show up and deal with it. Please Reg."
Seeing Crystal beg didn't sit well, but Reggie nods and drags Blue into a hug. "If they hurt my girl I'm going hostile."
"Stay clear unless I don't make it home. Don't even text me, or he will read it. I'll let you know after it's said and done. I swear."
"Not liking this Blue, but okay. I won't tell Gnarly about the hotel. I'll just say they were asking you if you kept quiet about the night you came home cuffed."
"Know about that too, huh?"
Reggie lifts Crystal's wrist to see raw marks. "Baby I'm black. I know handscuffs when I see them. Too many of my family wore them. Some deserved it. Some didn't."
Softly Blue whispered, "Thank you." As she did, her cell pinged forcing her to react, "Another fare. So much for catching up on my soaps."
"You watch that trash?"
"I meant take a shower." She tosses her head from side to side, "Ok, I DVR the Bold and the Beautiful. Blame my Mom for getting me addicted. Love you Reggie." Blue retreats out the back door.
"Love you too Baby." Regina didn't like biting her lip. Gnarly needed to know, and lying to the good soul was already eating her up before the man could even question her. "50 pushups. Gotta get my mind off this crap." Off to the hallway gym she went.
Pinky Floyd's record store...
Gavin was left alone behind the counter on a still slow and boring day. He wondered how the place kept in business. They hadn't made enough money to pay his wages even. Another challenge in his mind to find ways to bring in business. Even if he had to dress as a Giant LP and dance on the street corner. The only real marketing he noticed was on Milkbone's concert flyers as saying tickets sold at Pinky Floyd's with the address. Who buys tickets to shows unless they're the big time? He had a good laugh. This was his first day so maybe business would pick up tomorrow.
Finding a notepad he had sat back sketching ideas for a new logo. Utilizing a laptop that Pinky fired up for him before he left he also searched for inspiration. Everything from dog sites to metal band logos that already existed. Something would catch his eye.
As his belly growl got in the way he wished he had brought a lunch. He really hoped Pinky or Floyd might treat him on his first day. Pinky maybe. Floyd? Too cheap. Persistence on the laptop kept him from fearing the hungry lions.
As he scrolled sites he hears the front door bell ring. Finally! A pleasant surprise steps through the door followed by a delicious aroma. Two actually. Perfume and food. He was attracted to both.
"Hello again."
"Good golly it's Miss Bali. Don't you let anyone steal my Jeep." He chuckles.
"My Mommah is watching the lot. She brought me lunch. I thought I might share it with you, if you are hungry. I might also peruse the records."
"What's on the menu? Besides you." He winks with a warm smile.
"You will make me blush." She steps up offering him a Tupperware dish. "It is an Indian dish I hope you like Hindi food."
"I can honestly say I've never had any." He pops the lid, "Smells delicious."
"It is called Dum Aloo Lakhnavi, with crispy fried potatoes stuffed with paneer, mingled in an onion and tomato gravy. My parents also own a restaurant."
"Sounds yummy. You bring a fork?"
Eyes flare along with a set of gnashed teeth, "I left it on my counter. So stupid of me. If I go back now Mommah will make me stay. I told her I was going to feed a homeless man."
"Might not be far from the truth if these jobs I just got don't pay the rent." He laughs charmingly raising up two hooked fingers. "Your fingers or mine?"
"Oh my! I...you may use my fingers." She giggles and steps closer easing in to pluck up a potato and lifts it to his lips. He softly takes it, chewing it and savoring the taste. "This is really good Bali." Smiling she dips her fingers into the sauces and procures a mushroom. This time being a smaller bite his lips surround her fingertips and he holds them between his lips while winking. Her heart pounded like a jackhammer. Incoming blushes evident.
"Even more delicious. Before you pass out I'll take over. You go look over the records while I inhale this stuff. Thanks for thinking of me."
"I...could not stop thinking of you." She flares her gaze then realizes how embarrassing she must sound. Turning on her heel she points red fingers toward the records.
"Here you might want a paper towel. Twice today I've seen you with a roll of Bounty." He tears off two sheets and passes them across. She accepts them and giggles. This girl was gorgeous he thought. Worth knowing for sure. "What kind of music strikes your fancy?"
"Hard rock of the 80's. My family think I am silly for liking such rubbish. They are somewhat old school as you say."
"In this country, 80's rock is old school. Big fan here too. Go take a peek."
"I shall." Turning away she keeps her paper towel and browses. While Gnarly devours his lunch she discovers an album of interest. Lifting it high enough for him to see she coughs up, "I adore this. I am so very strange." Seeing her choice he nearly chokes on his food.
"Wow! I just looked at that Molly Hatchet album like two hours ago. I tried convincing Pinky how good those gents were back in the day."
"I play Flirtin' with Disaster on guitar. I do not know why, but I love the rhythm."
"You should bring your guitar in sometime. I'll bring my amp and guitar, we can see where things go from there."
"Are you asking me to Flirt with Disaster?" She giggles bringing the album up for purchase.
"Calling me a disaster?" He laughs belching, "Might not be far off if this food hits home."
"You are quite amusing."
"Well, you are quite beautiful. Sweet too. Thanks again for the lunch."
"You are welcome. I find you quite handsome as well."
"Records on me. Payback for feeding the starving artist."
"I cannot let you spoil me." She relinquishes the rolled up paper towel to search her hoodie pouch for a small clutch purse. He too wipes his hands and mouth off discarding the towels into a waste can below the counter.
"Fair trade no arguing with me. Unless you wanna give me a discount on my parking spot." He winces playfully.
"Father would know and question me. I am sorry."
"I was only joking. No worries. I'm not broke yet. Week isn't over though."
"You make me feel bad." She pouts.
"Hey!" He reaches across the counter to hold her hand softly, "Never feel bad. I got this."
"This?" She shivers.
"Getting ahead of yourself Bali Hatchet." He pats her knuckles with a wink, "Might be room for a date in our future if you're up to it. Busy next couple weeks getting used to my job schedules, but I would definitely be honored if you would join me for..."
"YES!" She adds excitably.
"Sounds like a concert in our future."
"You may pinch me now." She fans herself with her free hand feeling faint.
"Not on our first meeting. I'm a gent. Second meeting I'll let you know you're not dreaming." Another pat to her hand he releases it and passes over her dish. Pointing at her he adds, "See you when I get off?"
"I would love to see that." Her eyes bulge at how forward her words were yet again. "At the parking lot. Yes. I will be going to die now."
"Try not to do that until I see what you've got."
"Oh my!" She blushes heavily.
"Guitar skills. Get your mind out of the gutter." He chuckles bagging up her album. Handing it over she graciously accepts his gift. "Keep smiling."
"I like what you have called me. Bali Hatchet. Perhaps I will name my band that...when I get one. Goodbye handsome Gnarly."
"If you get bored out there you can wash my windshield."
"I think I might, again."
With a nervous yet happy swagger she exits. He heard her squeal the second she hit the sidewalk. A good day so far.
Bensenville...Suburb of Northwest Chicago.
"Thanks for the tip." Crystal Balou was once again free to take a breath. On such a bright sunny day she should be making a small fortune driving people around. For some reason her fares were few and far between. On her way back toward home she yawned one too many times and opted to stop for coffee. Choosing a small corner convenient store she pulls in and hops out. Heading inside she grabs a French Vanilla Cappuccino and stands in line to pay. Ahead of her were four other people. One a soldier in uniform fatigues. Handsome, tall, and sturdy she thought. In front of him a woman that once his frame stepped aside was easily recognizable. Even without her Hijab. Her hair was long and stunning.
"Hey Fatima. Twice in two days. How are you?" Blue greets her. The Muslim beauty brightens up and hugs her ever so softly.
"I am well. Did your car start?"
"Yes. Thank God. Is this your husband?" Her impression was a tall John Cena.
"He is. This is John Hale. John? My friend Crystal. Also an Uber driver."
"Howdy Crystal. It's a pleasure. Seems like a lot more women are driving for Uber these days."
"It's a good part time income. I also bartend at Barbarians down town."
"I've wanted to check that place out, but Fatima isn't that social. Modern dancing and the music are so far from her interests it's unreal. Unlike her sister Karma. She's a..."
"Dancer." Fatima cuts him off, "Karma goes a bit further than our religion allows.
Fortunately, we are in America. Concerning my musical preferences I come from less dramatic instrumentals and lyrics. John lies. I belly dance. Just not to the music heard in bars." She winces with her mouth wide.
"Oooo! Belly dancing sounds fun. Maybe I can take some lessons from you some time."
"I would be delighted to show you."
"She doesn't have many friends so jump right in there." John grins between the girls.
"Army?"
"Fort Dearborn. I just got off my shift."
The line frees up and Crystal moves in passing cash off to the teller. Change given the trio walk outside together. At Crystal's car they continue their talk. Sunglasses lowered by all three of them. It was a very bright day.
"What do you do in the Army, John?"
"Security. I work with all the camera feeds on base. Boring job but it's serving one way or another. I paid my dues overseas. Four years in Iraq."
"Is that where the two of you met?"
"No. I am Israeli. I too was military once. John and I met while training troops."
"How to use cameras?" Crystal smirks at John.
"Exactly why that's what I do now. The hand to hand training was a little too brutal sometimes. All the bloodshed over there was too much on the both of us. We fell in love and saved one another."
"Awww! That's beautiful. You're such a cute couple." In her smiles Crystal notices a Police Squad car pull in three cars over. The Officers getting out look her way and size them up. Although out of Roy's jurisdiction she felt the cops intimidation. Shaking suddenly, Fatima reaches out and consoles her.
"Are you alright?"
Sighing she frowns, "Not really. I shouldn't risk this, but can I confide in you two?"
"Absolutely." John looks back at the cops entering the store. One of them caught his glance and saluted him. John returned the respect and kept an open mind.
"There's a cop in the city that's blackmailing me, into having sex. I won't indulge his name. He's got all kinds of fellow cops backing him up. I'm terrified, but I don't want anyone to get too involved and risk trouble because of me. I'm afraid to know how far up the chain his allies might go."
"Not good." John felt sympathy, "You have Fatima's number?"
"Not yet."
The two women quickly exchange numbers. Once confirmed in their cells Fatima offers a concerned look. "Do not be afraid to call us at any hour. We are here for you."
"Thanks. I really don't know how to get out of this. He's threatened to set me up. Even my friends. I don't want to go to jail because I refuse him."
"If it gets too bad let me know. I'll talk to my superiors and see what we can figure out." John adds.
Fatima smiles warmly, "My belly dancing lessons begin whenever you find time. It might help get your mind off of all of this."
"Sounds good. I'm afraid to ask, but are you two Cubs fans? I go to Wrigley for home games every chance I can."
"Love the Cubbies." John chuckles. "I'm in."
"I prefer the cubs at the zoo. But, I would still love to join you."
"Awesome. Maybe I can find a guy and we can double date."
"Perhaps that handsome man with long hair at your brownstone." Fatima shyly
remembers Gavin from when she gave Crystal a ride.
"Gavin? Maybe. He's got 3 jobs now, so I'm not sure he can fit me in. Keep an eye on your wife. I think she has the hots for my Rockstar."
"Oh yeah? She who doesn't like American music chasing a Rockstar?" John laughs.
"We...are open minded." Fatima grins slyly.
"Wow! I never would have guessed that. Hijab and all. I always thought Muslims..."
"I wear the hijab when I drive just as women wear wedding rings to keep from being hit on. I have not practiced as I once had for many years now."
"Neither does her sister." John chuckles and uses his hand to block the word, "Stripper." from his wife.
"Crazy. Alright guys, I need to get home and try and relax. As if this Cappuccino is going to allow that. I'm meeting that cop tonight."
"Please be careful." Fatima looked worried.
"Thanks. Stop by Barbarians sometime. Oh, Gavin begins work there on Monday. If you can get away. Try it Fatima you might like it."
"We shall see."
Opening her car door Crystal toasts them with her Styrofoam cup. "Nice to meet you John. Heard about you some since I met Fatima awhile back, but seeing you meets her description so much better. Hope to see more of you lovebirds."
"You too. Keep us posted."
They wait until Crystal backs out to go to their car. John immediately memorizes her license plate number. Fatima heads to her car and gets in. He follows letting her drive as he recites the plate number into his cell. She smiles at her husband. "She needs us."
"Yep."
"Get robbed while I was gone?"
Gnarly looks up from his laptop to see Pinky popping into the store from the back room. Watching her strut toward him, her breasts bobbing beneath her pink fur bra he clears his throat.
"Yeah, actually. Someone swiped that Molly Hatchet album." He smirks, "Sold it ten minutes after you left."
"Riiiight!"
"Go look and see if it's still out there. I swear I didn't hide it."
"Naaaa! I believe you. Want some lunch?" She lifts a bag of burgers.
"Little late. My chef brought me some Indian food."
"Who knows you work here? You just started."
"Gal down at the parking lot. We struck up a friendship after I parked. She plays guitar. How good I can't tell you."
"You move fast Roadie. Gonna get my cousin's number too?"
"You object if I did?"
"Nooo! Why would I?" She acts offended. He knew differently. She felt a connection to Gnarly like most girls did. She just played harder to get. Even though she masturbated in front of him at her Manager's home. She didn't push sexually, but just hours earlier seemed jealous of her bands drummer Jezebel James. The girl was an enigma.
"Good. I might need to learn sign language to woo her. Any tips?"
"Only one." She flips him off.
"If I did that to Katrina she'd be all over me."
"Asshole." She scowls, "Do any design work between parking lots and parked ass?"
"It's a stretch but how about this?" He points at the laptop as she cozies up in front of him. Raising her skirt she crawls into his lap to check the image out. Wiggling over his cock she lays back against him. His arm went around her waist to palm her belly and toy with her belly button jewelry.
"A milk carton? That's your idea?"
"Yep. Let's put the bands picture over Suzie there, with the caption Have you seen this band? Info below saying seen last at Naperville's...what's the bars name?"
"Addicted to Chaos."
"Megadeth would be proud." He puckers.
"Not horrible. Maybe we can add...Cum see us. We do your body good."
"That's up to you guys. I'm just sportin' the ideas."
"Sportin' wood too. Sure you don't wanna fuck me while it's slow?"
"I'm sure. But, you can sit here as long as you want."
"Why did Stutter boy stand me up Gnarly?" She fidgets.
"No clue. His loss. Should we run this by Mavis and Ginger?"
"No. When Gramps gets back we'll walk over and talk to Katrina. Let's at least get ten shirts made up. I'll wear one on stage. Nothing else though." She sticks her tongue out at him licking his nose.
"If it gets the crowd going I say go for it."
"Oh I'll get the crowd going don't you worry."
"I have no doubt."
"I might even tie it up into a knot."
"And go without pants?"
"Panties too."
"Bold statement." He laughs.
"I'll pin a shirt up over my camel toe and auction it off after the show."
"I totally dare you."
"If I do you gotta fuck me on the bar after hours."
"I might invite a date."
"She can watch."
Laughing he hugs her from behind tightly, "We'll see. No promises."
"You know you want me Roadie."
"Like I said before, never once said I didn't. Just not until I decide the time is right."
As they wrestle in his barstool Floyd returns seeing his Granddaughter nude from the waist down. He rolls his eyes. "Do that when we have customers you're both fired."
"Co-own the store. Can't fire me Gramps. I'll just hire Gnarly back."
"I can write you out of my will. Besides who pays the taxes on this place you or me?"
"We're gonna walk over and get Katrina to make some Milkbone t-shirts." Pinky hops out of Gavin's lap and pulls her skirt down. "Behaving until I close the door. No promises thereafter."
"Did I hire you to leave me hanging Hippy?"
"She can go I'll stay."
"Nope! Stealing my employee. Burgers in the bag by the register."
"Burgers?" Floyd grins, "Better than that damned Chef salad I just ate. You kids have fun."
"I knew that would soften you up." Pinky passes Floyd patting him on the cheek. Gnarly shrugged and followed her hand in hand.
"You're not marrying my Granddaughter. Or my niece."
"With this cock ring he thee wed." Pinky snickers as she opens the door. Seeing her act dominant didn't suit Gavin well. Just outside the door he swoops her off her feet and over his shoulder. Hand on her ass as she yelps.
"Carried you across the threshold. Now hush up before I gag you with your garter belt."
Pinky never laughed so hard.
Only three doors down he sets her on her feet before entering. She grips his cock hard through his jeans. "I DO BITCH."
Grimacing at the strength in her grip he growls, "I'll use our marriage license to roll up a blunt."
"Smokin'!" She chuckles opening the door then releasing him. Within they discover not Katrina, but a thin man, snazzily dressed. It was easy enough to see he was gay. "Hey Shawn. Where's my cuz?"
"She's in back printing an order. You can go on back. I'll entertain your friend." Shawn checks out Gnarly drooling all over himself.
"I'll be going with my wife." Gavin snatches Pinky up laughing. She walks awkwardly beside him as they hug their bodies tightly.
"You did not just get married without inviting me?" Shawn felt offended.
"Relax! You know you'll be doing my flower arrangements when I do." Pinky flips him off over her shoulder. Leaning into Gavin she whispers, "Kat's best friend. She's a fag hag. Not remotely bi though, she just doesn't have many real friends."
"Another reason you need to spend more time with her."
"Why? It's not like I'm going to convert her into being a metal slut."
"You're hopeless."
Ducking in back Pinky abandons Gavin and sneaks up behind Katrina throwing her arms around the girl and grabbing her tits to be mean. Katrina panics until she realizes who it was. Signing the words "Don't do that. I nearly peed my pants."
Signing back Pinky laughs and signs back with, "Sorry. Since when do you not wear a bra?"
"Since I felt like not wearing one."
"You have no tits Bitch." Pinky giggles.
Flashing her by lifting her cut off shirt revealing very small B's Pinky puckers trying to stop laughing. Pointing beside them Katrina looks over and turns beet red. Embarrassed beyond belief she hides behind Pinky. Recognizing Gavin from earlier she just wanted to die. It was a certainty that Gnarly had seen her tits.
"Tell her not to be embarrassed I'm fine."
"You tell her. You're the one that wants a date."
"Be nice Priscilla."
"There's that name again." Pinky growls turning to face her cousin. Signing again she recites, "Don't be embarrassed. This is Gavin. He works for us."
Shyly Katrina flutters her fingers at him before fanning her face. Gavin smiled and said, "Do you read lips?" In reply Katrina nods.
"Just don't talk too fast." Pinky adds.
"I'm sorry I caught you off guard."
Expressing herself with her hands she essentially tells him "It's ok. No sweat." Her fingers wiping her brow to flick non existent perspiration. Pinky being Pinky lifts Katrina's shirt before she could stop her and rubs her fingers under her breast.
"Nope! No sweat there either."
Both barrels Katrina plants her middle fingers up to Pinky's face. Shaking his head Gnarly knew he needed to make Katrina laugh or face her humiliation dead on. In a bold move he removes his shirt and pats his own pecs. Both Pinky and Katrina drop their jaws.
"OMG! Here take my wallet." Shawn sneaks up behind Gnarly and tucks in into the waist of his jeans. Everyone busted up laughing. Including Gavin. Only Shawn maintained a straight face eying Gavin's crotch. "There's two credit cards in there. They're yours if you lose the pants too."
"Not gonna happen."
Pinky leads Katrina closer and storms Gavin's waist attempting to unzip him. "Come on Roadie. Show them what you have."
"A little help here." He mouths toward Katrina. She misunderstood and goes for his zipper as well. "NOT WHAT I MEANT KAT." Fighting them off until the laughter became manageable he puts his shirt back on. Calming the girls, he commits to the reason for being there. "We want you to design some shirts for Pinky's band. Can you do that?"
Nodding she signs, "Do you have a picture of what you want?"
Gavin winks and uses both hands to frame Katrina's face. She blushes even harder.
"Yeah that helps." Pinky smirks. "We didn't bother to print up a picture."
"No. But, before you came back from lunch I used my cell to take a picture. I took one of your flyers that she can use to overlap the milk carton with."
"Good job Roadie."
"Hand them over." Shawn extends a palm, "I'll use our computer and printer to double them up. Are we using the logo on the flyer?"
"Unless you can come up with a better one." Gavin shrugs.
Pinky adds her ideas of, "Cum see us. We do your body good."
"How about crossbones over here on the carton side? We can make the joints look like double dildos." Shawn offers with a sly wink.
"Oh I like that." Pinky chuckles, "Do it."
Another brilliant idea from Shawn, "How about Vitamins D.I.C.and K. in the ingredient list?"
"Maybe he should be our P.R. gay." Pinky plants an elbow on Shawn's shoulder.
"You two iron this design out. I'm going to head back to the record store." Pinky follows Shawn back to their computer leaving Gnarly alone with Katrina.
Katrina pouts hopping in step once nervously. Gavin notes her interest in him including hard pointy nipples sticking out through her half shirt. She blushes but bites her lower lip regardless. Signing she asks him, "Are you Pinky's boyfriend?"
"No we're just friends. No girlfriend. I won't lie though I do date a lot."
"Oh." She mouths silently.
"I would love to take you out sometime though."
Her eyes brighten up. Hesitantly she relaxes her gaze and signs, "I will think about it."
"You do that. Please don't think badly of me for dating other women. I like being single. I play guitar and I'm trying to find a band. If I do I don't want to be tied down by a relationship. I hope you understand."
She nods with a sad expression. Noting her hands relocating to her back pockets he knew he might be losing her. She was hot. Even if they just hung out occasionally he would be happy. Motioning with his head he prompts, "Walk me out?"
She smiles warmly and follows him through the shop. At a full body female mannequin similar to what he saw her dressing earlier, he stops and acts as if he's talking to her.
"What do I have to do to get your boss to go out with me? Dinner? Flowers? I can do that. Body massage? Are you sure that's not too much?"
Katrina giggles shyly and shakes her head no. She replies by stepping next to a male mannequin and placing an arm around it. Pointing at Gavin she uses her true voice as repressed as it sounded to say, "Should I give him a body massage also? Make him pay for everything first? Check."
"Absolutely. On me."
"I would love to be on you."
"As you said...I'll think about it."
"Want my number? You can text me anytime you want."
"Yes. My voice does not scare you?"
"Should it? Be yourself."
"I might be a freak."
"Oh? Maybe I'll date the mannequin then. Wait that would make me a freak too, wouldn't it? I can handle you just fine."
A pen removed from her pocket she takes his left hand and writes her number down on his palm. Clicking the pen closed she points at his erection and tells him, "Put it in your phone before the ink gets rubbed off."
"You think so?" He chuckles, "It's safe. I'm right handed."
With a first offered up hug he awaits her to mold into his arms. Damn! She smelled really good. Her scent reminded him of her neighbor Julia. A rub to her back he lets go and casts his thumb over his shoulder, "I better check on Floyd."
Three waves goodbye later Gavin stepped out of sight. Katrina danced with her mannequin. He was a good dancer until he tried dipping her. She nearly fell over with it on top of her. How bad would that have looked?
He had forgotten to ask about the parking spot behind her shop.
Forty minutes later Pinky returned to the record store wearing a black t-shirt with white spots spattered on it. A simple logo on the front. The milk carton on the back. Her normal clothing in her hands. Nothing but the shirt.
Entering the store which miraculously had seven customers she twists in step in front of Gavin. Floyd was still in his office digesting the burgers.
"Do I rock this shirt or what?"
"Nice!"
Making sure nobody was watching she tosses her clothing at Gnarly and lifts the long t-shirt up to her chest and ties it into a knot. His eyes bulged at her extreme boldness. She was nude from chest to boots. In plain sight. Doing a spin to show off she moves out toward the racks. The people there were five guys, two women. She hid from them but moved about stealthily. Gavin nearly choked. She was crazy.
She went so far as to rifle through bins right behind two guys. They were only six feet from her. All it took was to turn around and she would be busted. His hands were sweating. Luckily he had put Katrina's number in his cell or sure enough it would have been unreadable.
Leaving the counter to run interference if needed, he found himself stalked by Pinky. Devilishly she went up to him from behind and rubbed her chest on his back. Turning to face her she rubs his crotch making him stress over being caught. Spinning in step she rubs her ass over his crotch then bends over touching her toes. A wiggle of her ass made his cock rip at his jeans. Grabbing her pink ponytail he pulls her erect and spins her back to face him. She melds against him and whispers her intentions.
"Fuck me."
Without a word she jumps into his arms wrapping her legs around his waist. Quietly he carries her back behind the counter, sitting her on the barstool just in time for two men to walk up with their selections. If they looked hard enough they could have seen her nudity.
"Some good choices there. Aren't you fellas glad they started making record players again?" Gnarly aims to keep their focus. Standing in front of Pinky as he scans barcodes on the album covers she reaches under Gnarly's legs and squeezes his balls.
"I love Foghat."
Pinky chimes in playfully, "Especially the song Slow Ride."
"Great tune." The man says looking around Gavin at an angle to see her. "I like your pink hair."
"Thanks."
Gnarly kicks his heel back at her making her release his balls. She maintains eye contact with the guy at the counter, now joined by his friend. Both of them checking her out.
"Milkbone. I've never heard of that band." The second guy reads her chest.
"That's my band. I'm the lead singer. We're playing in Naperville Saturday night. You should come and see me."
"No plans on Saturday. We just might."
"Here's the rest of my band." She stands up hugging the counter beside Gavin who gave up trying to contain her. As she turns to show the back of her shirt, her bare ass presses against the glass. All the men needed to do was look through the glass and get an eye full of gorgeous body. Luckily they were not that smart.
"Dang! You're all foxy."
"So true. So true." She turns back around. Her pink pubes in plain sight through the glass this time.
"That's gonna be $46.25 fellas." Gavin runs a debit card, the second guy paying in cash to his friend for his own choices. Collecting their bag the two men left the store smiling. Gavin immediately turns to face Pinky scowling, "Are you that stupid? What if a customer calls the cops?"
"WOO WOO! Siren for a siren Baby."
"Put your shirt down."
"Fuck me."
"I told you not today."
"I bet you'd fuck Katrina right now if she were dressed like this. Or maybe your Dinner belle."
"Not cool Pinky. Don't push me."
"Oh look. A customer needs my help." She starts to walk from behind the counter. Snatching her wrist he drags her back to the barstool and forces her into the seat. "Me likey this side of you, Roadie."
"Listen up." He points directly at her nose. "I wanna destroy that pussy, just not today. Stop pushing it."
"Just my pussy?"
"Every fucking hole you got. Please chill out. I don't want to piss Floyd off on my first day. Give me a break."
"I'd rather give you a blowjob." She haunts him with her big beautiful eyes.
"Hi. Can you ring me up?" Intrudes the two women. They couldn't see Pinky for Gavin's large build. Turning to face them he smiles trying to mask Pinky's nudity.
"Hey there. What have we here in this healthy stack. Steely Dan? Nice."
"I bet he's Steely." Pinky giggles softly barely heard.
The two women were mid 30's in age and looked over Gnarly with a tantalizing hunger. Gavin knew it and played on their attraction. "Do it Again." one of the songs he points out.
"That's what she said." Pinky laughed. So did the two women. "Give it back Jack." She recites part of the song as her hand makes a jerking motion in front of them forcing a round of shared giggles. Gnarly could only shake his head trying not to laugh. "You know he wants to. As beautiful as you ladies are how could he not?"
The women dart gazes between themselves and thank her for the compliment. They thrived on it at their age. With inattentive husbands at home they were all ears. Gnarly notes their seductive expressions and sighs. Trying to change the subject he identifies another record, "Joe Walsh. Life's Been Good to Me."
"I bet it has." The tall brunette grins sheepishly.
"Get's better." Pinky winks and slips from her seat to kneel in front of Gavin. She palms his crotch rubbing it. The two women check out the glass to see her rubbing his erection. He could only roll his eyes. They were certainly mesmerized.
"Foreigner. Head Games." He swallows.
"Double Vision when I'm done." Pinky winks at the ladies through the glass as her fingers unzip his jeans. Her hand disappearing makes the women giddy. A glance at the remaining three men makes him grit his teeth. Sooner or later they were going to want to check out. They had albums in their hands. That, or Floyd was going to step out and blow a gasket.
"What else do they have in their pile Roadie?" Pinky whispers stroking his cock through his boxers. He hisses as the ladies coo.
"You're so bad." The blond with short hair shivers at Pinky.
"Baddest bitch around." Pinky wags her brows. "I think the ladies want to see it. Am I wrong lovelies?"
"No." They whisper.
"Great!" Gavin huffs, "Joe Cocker. With a Little Help from My Friends."
"So perfect." The blond giggles.
"I'd love to be your friend." Whispers the brunette nervous over the men in the back of the store. Pinky takes no time in dragging Gnarly's cock out and shows him off. Their breaths were taken away. Gavin couldn't resist their interest.
Jerking him off Gnarly observes his surroundings. Fuck! Pinky had the perfect rhythm going on. Hearing the reaction of the women saying things like, "He's so big." to "Need help?" his ego took over. Choosing to ignore Pinky in favor of the ladies he doesn't realize Pinky had slid the glass door blocking the interior of the counter open in front of them. Guiding over memorabilia to keep from damaging them she now had more room to play. His dick no longer touching the door. This also got his dick much closer to the ladies. The blond literally kneels down for a better perception. The brunette still tense over the impending arrival of the other guys remained standing.
"Oh my God! This is so thrilling." She fans herself as her friend touches the front glass wishing she could touch him. Gavin had plenty of stimulating build up dealing with not just Pinky, but her cousin Katrina, and the parking lot attendant Bali. Now these two lovely ladies licking their lips at him only made his resistance decline. He needed to cum, and cum hard.
"Shit." He tenses up as Pinky rifles his cock rapidly. She knew he was ready to blow. Knowing she had beaten him down only drove her harder. Forced to grip the counter to maintain balance he grits his teeth hard and defies the temptation to snarl. In a maddening trigger sequence Gnarly Reese fires off. His jizz spatters on the inside front glass right in front of the blond. Hearing her squeal with excitement the brunette dropped low too catch his final detonation. His crown was a drooling mess. As was Pinky's hand. Winking at the ladies Pinky stands up and shows them her wet fingers. Taking her hand back to her mouth she licks her pinky and the finger next to it. Seeing the jealousy in the women she shrugs toward a breathless Gnarly and extends her fingers to the women.
"Taste?"
The blond jumps embarrassingly at the opportunity licking her middle finger. Reclaiming it she offers the brunette her index. Looking back to see the men turning toward the front, she greedily jumps to suck the jizz from her index. Both blushing they whisper. "Mmmm."
Huffing Gavin quickly calculates their tally. "$52.35."
"Here's $60. Keep the change. Oh my God! I'm coming back tomorrow. Will you be here?" The blond whispers.
"Tomorrow and Friday all day. Saturday until 2." He grunts as Pinky backs him up to stand behind her. She lets his cock caress her butt crack. The women pushed out by the three men wave goodbye and leave unable to contain their excitement.
'My turn." She looks up at Gnarly. He growled at her just as the men set a stack of records on the counter top. She begins scanning them while wiggling her bare bottom over his wet dick. She smiled mischievously as she felt cum rolling over her ass. The guys easily suspected something was up by her stance.
"You busy?" A guy chuckled.
"Hope to be." She beguiles them. Checking out the showcase they see cum dripping down the glass.
"Ummm! Mind if I hold the records while you scan them. Less sticky that way." A second guy offers laughing.
"Might be a good idea." Pinky giggles.
"You fellas offended?" Gavin narrows his eyes.
"Only if her shirt stays on." The third guy chuckles.
"Oh I can fix that." Pinky swiftly removes her shirt and shakes her tits at them. Her nipples pierced with barbells.
"Fuck yeah. Goddamn you're hot." The third guy rambles.
"Keep it down. My Grandpa's in back." She winks.
"You're a lucky bastard." The second man nods at Gnarly. Realizing he was indeed, Gnarly lifted her hips slightly and introduces his cock inside her soaked pussy. She gasps and spreads her legs a bit to let the trio see his entry better. The first guy held his albums up for her gun hand to scan their barcodes. After seven scans the albums were paid for as Gnarly began thrusting up into her. It became difficult for her to think quickly. Behind her Gavin unfastened his jeans for better movement, lowering them to his ass. Thrusting hard made her moan. A hand palming her mouth to conceal her the guys loved his approach.
Quietly he fucked her as the guys tossed out bills on the counter to pay for their selections. Another keep the change made things easier. After she manages to put the money into the register Gnarly destroys her from behind. Pushing her chest over the counter, he yanks her hair back. She whined and cursed, "FUCK ME HARDER ROADIE!" under her muffled lips.
"Go on grab a hand full." Gnarly prompts the guys. One by one they squeeze her tits. Her cunt instantly exploded juices all over her and Gnarly's feet. He didn't stop at that. He controlled her every twitch. Losing her mind Pinky found herself being lifted from the ground and awkwardly carried around the counter right out in front of the guys. They loved the boldness. "Suck those titties."
Two at a time swallowed her nipples as Gavin tortured her cunt. His free hand under her thighs rubbing her clit. Insanity claims Pinky. Another flood stains the wood floor. In a final muffled scream she falls limp. Gnarly pulls free and holds her to his chest. Dropping her slowly to her knees, he makes her look up at him as he unloads on her face. The men were blown away and awestruck. She fell to the floor and laid in her own juices.
"Thanks for coming in." Gavin gets dressed quickly. The men silently applauded their performance. Bags gathered they took their leave. As he let her catch up with sanity he finally picks her up and carries her behind the counter. Snatching up the t-shirt he forces it on her. A paper towel cleans her face. She fights him on that as her fingers gather up his leftovers to be licked off.
"Fuck you taste good." She huffs straightening her shirt up more.
"You got what you wanted."
"You're a beast Roadie."
"Got rid of your hangover didn't it?" He laughs.
"That was gone by lunch."
Timed to perfection Floyd leaves his office and steps over to the other side of the counter. Seeing the wet spot he winces. "You two spill a drink?"
"Bottled water. Customer dropped it."
"Why are you two looking guilty?"
"Get over it Grampa. I just fucked the new guy. I'll clean things up."
"Fired." He points at Gnarly.
"Hired." Pinky challenges him.
'Won't happen again Floyd."
"Like hell it won't." She sets Gavin straight. "Oh, I forgot to tell you. I asked Katrina about the parking spot. She said it was fine to park back behind her shop. Shawn rides with her every morning anyway."
Disgusted Floyd goes to get a mop. Returning he swabs the mess up. Pinky using towels cleans the inside counter window. Noticing her Floyd rolls his eyes. "You better not have soiled those 45's."
"Chill Grampa I got this."
"See what you got me into?" Gnarly scratches his head.
Pinky giggles, "You be quiet."
"ZIP IT!"
Floyd had the final word.
==============================================================
Coming in June : GNARLY'S ANGELS Chapter 11 : DO NOT DISTURB