Getting further into the festivities, everybody was chatting, listening to music being played by a DJ, and ordering food, much to Shelly's delight, all my friends were having a great time. I however, was still not allowed to put on clothes. Or rather they seemed to have magically vanished. I asked around but nobody seemed to have seen where they were moved to, or more likely they weren't going to tell me anything just to keep me in my speedo. Everyone appeared to be perfectly content with me being barely dressed for this party.
New customers kept coming in on a regular basis never failing to notice me in my scribble-covered swimsuit. When they asked what was going on, they enthusiastically wanted to join our little party after a brief explanation. I even accidentally bumped into a lady just coming through the entrance. I apologized, but she told me to think nothing of it because she was more endeared than offended. She then snapped a picture of me out of nowhere then ran off to join the rest of my 'friends'.
My embarrassment continued to grow along with the number of our party guests. I spent almost an entire hour walking around that restaurant with a perpetual blush on my face because complete strangers kept ogling me. My only consolation at this point was Scarlet, who kept holding my hand the entire time. Sometimes she would distract me with fun conversation, lean against my shoulder, slide her fingers along my torso, or just pat me on the butt. Pretty much every action she has taken today has led to nothing but complete and utter humiliation for me yet I still like it best when she was right beside me. Man, was I messed up or what?
After ducking another small group of giggling girls who were clearly pointing at me, I decided I was finally going to ask Scarlet out. I figured after all this torment, I deserved to have something go right today. As if reading the mood, the DJ started playing a slow song and I immediately asked Scarlet to dance. Much to my delight, she said yes. I soon realized that this may not be a good thing. As the guest of honor, all eyes fell on us as we started dancing. All the people in the restaurant, friends and strangers alike, stopped what they were doing just to step back and watch me and Scarlet as she wrapped her arms around my neck.
I swallowed nervously as I placed my hands on her hips and started swaying to the music. This wasn't by far how I envisioned asking out a girl. I expected my heart hammering and my brow sweating but I thought it would be because of the pretty girl, not because I was dancing practically naked in front of what felt like hundreds of people I barely knew.
I took a deep breath. "Hey, Scarlet."
"What is it Mr. Green eyes?" Our faces were so close our lips were practically brushing each other.
"Considering the circumstances, I know this might sound weird..."
"I like weird."
"So I've noticed! Believe me! Anyway, well...you know I really like you despite all that." It was a statement, not a question. I could feel everyone around us moving in to listen to our conversation.
"I absolutely adore you." She stroked her fingers across my cheek. A pleasant shiver ran down my spine.
"I'm really happy to hear you say that. Cause, you see, the thing is..."
"Sorry we're late everyone!" A voice cut through the music and the crowd. For a moment, all my spectators shifted their attention from me and Scarlet to the crowd of girls who just entered the restaurant. A stunning Celene Mist; blonde hair, jade eyes, face full of sun-kissed freckles and captain of the drill team when she was back in high school with the rest of us. And it appeared that she and the rest of her teammates were invited. Strutting past the party goers like she was on a red carpet; she was sporting a white fluffy jacket, a red spaghetti strap top, mini skirt, and stylish boots. She and her posse stopped their swagger once they set their sights on me with Scarlet in my arms at the center of the room.
"Wow! Usually I make a joke on how no party can get started without me but clearly I would be wrong." Celene and her sexy crew of former drill team members skipped over to me holding out her hand. "Hi Santiago! I don't know if you remember me, but my friends and I used to cheer for you at your swim meets. My name is..."
"Celene Mist," I finished for her. "Everybody knows who you are." She appeared to be ecstatic by me knowing her name. She also seemed quite comfortable being in the same room with a half-clad man which consequently made me uncomfortable enough for the both of us.
"First of all, I am loving the look," She gestured me up and down "perfect for the occasion, but what's with all those signatures?"
"We all took turns signing it earlier, you missed the group photo and everything." Scarlet stated matter-of-factly.
"No fair! Damn my fashionably late rule! I would have loved to have been here for that."
I blushed as I faced Celene keeping an arm around Scarlet. "Sorry, but even if you got here early..." I gestured to my text-heavy speedo "there is no more room down there."
Celene shook her head. "Now that I can't accept!" Carlene crouched down and grabbed my package. My whole body stiffened as the rest of her friends circled me. "There has got to be room down here for us to sign. It's stretchy so maybe we can make room." Carlene's hands groped all over my pelvis searching for some non-existent space to write her name.
"I know what will help us look." One of Carlene's hot drill friends came from behind me and dove her fingers into the back of my swimsuit yanking it down to the floor. I froze in shock once again.
"Brilliant Gina! Now the rest of you help me stretch it out." I didn't even have time to think about what just happened as Celene's crew raised my feet off the floor one at a time so they could remove my swimsuit entirely. Once they had the last shred of my clothing Celene stretched the material in front of her face looking satisfied. "Excellent, we'll return this to you once we get all of our names on it, but truthfully..." her eyes scanned me from head to toe "I like this appearance so much better! Be back in a flash!" Celene and her friends dispersed into the crowd that has been eyeballing this whole spectacle the entire time. With saucer eyes and dropped jaws my audience drank in my dick until they all started whooping and whistling, which finally snapped me out of my shock, but all too late.
Everywhere I turned there were friends and strangers applauding, winking, and snapping photos on their phones. Even my old teammate Elvis was clapping at my exposure. My face went from red to crimson as I zoomed my only available hand to cover my junk.
Scarlet giggled. "Hey, you said it yourself stud: 'be more comfortable with my body'. Celene sure was." I looked towards her remembering I still had an arm around her. Twirling her in front of me, I used her as cover as I pressed my body into hers to obscure my front side. "Oooh, I'm liking where this is going," Scarlet slid her hands up and down my back as she nuzzled her chin on my shoulder. "shall we have another dance?"
"P-please, no more jokes! Just let me hold onto you until I can think of something!" I buried my face into her hair as I could hear everyone's cheers turn into a cacophonous laughter at my embarrassment.
"Can do, captain." I couldn't see it at the time but as Scarlet's right hand descended to my butt cheek, Shelly approached us from behind with her camera. Scarlet shot a peace sign with her left hand as she gave my ass a firm squeeze right when Shelly snapped a photo of her overlooking my backside with one of the biggest smiles on her face.
Try as hard as they may, Celene and her friends could not find any room on my speedo to sign no matter how they stretched it.
"Ah man, there has to be something we can sign. I was hoping to make some memories." Celene frowned stretching the red swimsuit in her hands.
"I have an idea." Her friend Gina uncapped a borrowed sharpie. "Hey, Santiago, get over here."
All eyes were already focused on me, a naked man holding on to the pretty redhead for modesty's sake. I was already inching my way towards the back exit but they were not going to wait for me to move. Gina came to me, sharpie in hand, and wrote her name on my bare shoulder.
"Not exactly a keepsake, but it will sure make a memory." Gina nodded at her work.
"Not a bad idea, just like signing a cast. Let me try." Celene grabbed a sharpie and converged upon me along with several of her friends. Next thing I know, Scarlet was pulled from my body and four girls grabbed on to my arms exposing me once again as the crowd of onlookers decided to partake in what was to unfold. My face was burning bright with humiliation as people with sharpies signed their names all over my nudity. Dylan signed my chest, Lyra wrote her name on my back, Celene drew on my bicep, even Bridget and Ingrid scribbled on my ass while everyone else covered my arms and legs. The experience both tickled and aroused. As I felt naughty hands touch every crevice of my body my member involuntarily got harder and harder.
Just when I was about to scream a protest, I felt familiar hands wrap around my shaft. Ah yes, I would know that touch anywhere. Until now, I was shutting my eyes to block out further mortification, but I absolutely had to look at her. Scarlet smiled sanguinely as she stroked her palm up to the head of my fully erect penis. Keeping one hand on my sex, she reached behind her back to pull out her own sharpie. With it, she wrote the word SCARLET down my pole. She gave me a hinting wink and I answered with an awkward smile as everybody in the restaurant continued to write all over my naked body.
Once all the girls finished writing all over me they finally backed away; leaving me shaking with frustration and horniness. I collapsed into myself once again with my hands on my knees, pulse pounding, breath panting, and penis jutting straight forward. I was overwhelmed at this point. Stumbling forward, I found Scarlet again and literally fell into her. Supporting my weight she patted me on the back and planted soft kisses on my ear.
"Okay people, I think that's enough for today." Scarlet addressed the room as she stroked my hair.
There were a few moans and objections but ultimately nobody defied Scarlet's proclamation. Both Bridget and Ingrid came and took my left arm, wrapping it around both of them as they huddled together. My right arm remained around Scarlet who let me lean on her. As happy as I was that the trio was carrying me towards the door, supporting me by lifting both my arms gave my classmates one last look at my junk. The four of us walked through a sea of giggles and wolf whistles.
As we neared the exit, Shelly stopped us one last time holding up her camera. "Hey guys, before you leave...one last picture?" I shook my head immediately but that pretty much went ignored because apparently she only needed the girls' permission; all of whom happily nodded yes. The trio leaned in towards me grabbing my wrists with eager smiles on their faces as Shelly fired off her camera.
CLICK!
"Excellent, just one more for posterity."
CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!
This was obviously way more than one. Unfortunately I didn't have the energy to fight off the girls or even attempt to cover myself. As embarrassing as it was, I stood meekly before Shelly's onslaught of photos; my face getting redder and redder with every shot of my dignity getting captured. Suddenly, Shelly stopped shooting (try saying that five times fast). Either she ran out of film or she has successfully preserved every angle of my nakedness; neither of which sounded good to me.
With a satisfied look on her face, Shelly waved us goodbye as we exited the restaurant.
Days later I found out that Shelly and the trio exchanged contact information. Shelly told them how she hung one of the pictures she took up on the wall of her restaurant. I was completely humiliated to discover that a naked picture of me holding onto three girls while covered in sharpie ink brought her more and more customers. I was immensely relieved when she had to take it down due to the health inspector arguing about maintaining a family establishment. Shelly replaced the full length photo with a cropped picture that only showed me from the waist up which the inspector found approvable. It was less embarrassing by comparison but when customers ask Shelly: "Who is that hunky guy with those three hot babes? Why is he shirtless and covered in writing? Why does his face look so red?" Shelly does not skimp on the details about that day.
I certainly can't forget that day either, especially since Shelly sent us 'unedited' versions of that picture to our respective email addresses. I deleted mine instantly but Scarlet, Ingrid, and Bridget still carry their pictures around on their phones and occasionally show it to their friends (or anybody with eyes) whenever they feel like telling the story. Sometimes, Scarlet would still show me that picture as we reminisce and my face gets the same stupid look as I had in the photo. The first thing that still catches my attention (for many reasons) regarding that photo is the word SCARLET written quite visibly down my elongated penis. The story of my naked adventure became so popular, Shelly actually got the idea to rename her restaurant: 'Hunkies': Food for your Bellies and Eyes, in an attempt to draw in more customers. I still can't believe that it actually worked.