That was a close one! I had invited a few guys over to watch the football game last week. One of the guys, Larry, dropped by a little early and caught my wife just out of the shower in just a towel. When she walked in front of Larry in her towel, it was an honest surprise for her. She was not expecting anyone that early, never mind I didn't warn her as she walked out. Kim was enjoying her uninhibited adventures increasingly over the last few months. In fact, showing her body off was becoming quite a thrill for her (and me also). So after she recovered from the initial surprise of it, she decided to give Larry a bit of a thrill. Over the course of the next hour, she slowly showed more skin, until finally dropping the towel totally and sat there naked. She had just started to stroke herself to orgasm in front of Larry, when the doorbell rang. The other guys had arrived. That startled Kim, and not intending to put on a show for everyone I knew, she jumped up and ran. Larry and I watched as her jiggling bare ass as it disappeared down the hall toward the bedroom.
After watching Kim's bouncing ass disappear into our bedroom, I let Jim, Alan and Tom in and they all sat down. The game would be starting in a few minutes. Since I still had a raging erection, I excused myself and went to the kitchen to get the beer and chips. The vision of Kim sitting naked on the couch between Larry and I was still fresh in my mind. Kim had gone about as far as I thought she would ever go. I thought her close call would mean that our fun would be over, for a while at least. When Kim rounded the corner, I knew I was wrong.
She had been in the bedroom for about five minutes when she appeared. She was wearing a pair of baggy white sweat pants and a football jersey. Now at first glance, this is not a very sexy outfit. But these sweat pants were a pair that Kim only wore when we were alone. They were old and the elastic was stretched out making them very loose fitting and constantly slipped low across her hips. She would wear them when she wanted to turn me on, and she must have been thinking just that when she picked that outfit. The white football jersey was made of that lightweight mesh material. As she got closer, I could see that she was at least wearing a white t-shirt under the jersey, but it did nothing to hide the movement of her braless breasts.
Kim bounced up to me in the kitchen and planted a wet kiss on my cheek. She looked uneasily into my eyes, waiting for me to say something. I knew she was feeling guilty about parading naked in front of Larry. Hell, she was close to cuming in front of him. Now, that the heat of the moment had passed, she was looking for my approval to continue playing, this time in front of four of my friends. Part of me was unsure how I felt about it, but the part of me that was pressing against Kim's thigh had made up its' own mind. Kim looked down at my erection and giggled. She ran a single finger along my turgid length and pivoted around and pranced out of the kitchen. Her beautiful ass bounced, as her sweat pants were already riding low across her hips, not quite showing her hipbones. With the mood Kim was in, it was just a matter of time before those sexy hipbones made their appearance. I was left wondering what else might make an appearance before the football game was over.
I rounded up the beer and headed out to the living room. I could hear Kim already engaging in conversation about the upcoming game and some idle chitchat. Jim, Alan and Tom had made themselves comfortable on the couch that Kim had been sprawled out naked across not fifteen minutes ago. Larry still had a sheepish look on his face every time I caught his eye. But that didn't keep him from staring at Kim's breasts as they moved under her jersey. If the other guys had noticed, they were being very discrete about it.
We all sat and made chitchat until it was time for kickoff. Kim was sitting to my left on the chair facing the couch and every few minutes, she would casually run her hand along my leg and brush against my penis. This had the effect of keeping me in a constant state of semi-erection. I didn't know what she had in mind, but I was sure it wouldn't be as blatant as stripping down and masturbating in front of all these guys. But, then again, I would have said the same thing before her little show for Larry and me. Her nipples were straining to show through her t-shirt and jersey, a fact that was not lost on the other guys.
The game started and for the first quarter, we all concentrated on football. Well, almost all of us. Kim continued to surreptitiously rub my erection with the back of her hand. She was definitely planning something, but was playing it slow. Just as the quarter ended, Jim and Alan got up to use the bathroom. Alan went in the bathroom just off the living room and Larry asked to use the one in our master bedroom. Kim was quick to tell me to go ahead and then followed me into the kitchen. She came up behind me and gave my erection another squeeze and she whispered in my ear with her little girl voice, "I am too hot, you wouldn't mind if I lose the t-shirt under this jersey would you?" Looking down at her shirt, you could see through the mesh but it was tight enough to not be incredibly obvious. I smiled at her, seeing her breathing was getting deeper and her cheeks were starting to flush. She was excited.
"Why would I mind," I said. "Didn't mind when you started to finger fuck yourself in front of Larry and I?" She shuddered when I said finger fuck. "I can't wait to see what you have planned now."
She smiled and walked down the hall to our bedroom.
I got the beers and waited for a minute for my raging hard-on to subside a little. I didn't need my dick entering the room before I did. I passed out the beer and settled down in my chair just in time to look up and see Kim walking back down the hall. Her breasts were jiggling with every step and I could see the shadows of her nipples even in the dim light of the hallway. Her sweat pants had slid low across her hips, allowing her hipbones to peek over the top of the waistband. She was gorgeous.
Kim plopped down next to me, all eyes in the room were watching as her breasts practically jumped around under the light mesh jersey. In the brighter light in the room we could just make out the pink circles of her nipples, which were standing very erect under our collective scrutiny. It was just then that I noticed Larry walking out from our bedroom and back into the living room. I had forgotten that he was using our master bath. Kim had just come out from changing in our room. I wondered if he saw Kim changing. With the show he and I had just received earlier, it was nothing that he hadn't seen before. Larry gave Kim a very guilty look and grabbed another beer.
The game continued and it was obvious that Kim was loosing interest in football. She had been slouching in the chair next to me for a while before sliding herself up again. This caused her sweatpants to slide further down her hips until I was sure her thin strip of red public hair would be showing. All that was visible was a good six inches of pale skin beneath her bellybutton. Her hips were bared, allowing the roundness of her ass to show from the side. I could see that Larry had noticed Kim's exposed flesh immediately and it didn't take long before the other guys were sneaking glances at my wife's exposed hips and the shadows of her rosy nipples.
Kim pretended to watch the game, but her ragged breathing and hard nipples betrayed her arousal. She was reveling in the hidden attention she was getting from the five men in the room. Her neck was red and flushed and I could see she was very slowly rubbing her thighs together. She glanced over at me and mumbled something about the heat. She lifted the hem of her jersey up and away from her skin and began rubbing her cold beer bottle against her stomach. Her shirt was about eight inches away from her body, exposing the lower half of her pale breasts. She was now uncovered from the bottom of her breasts to just above her public hair. It was a glorious expanse of naked flesh and everyone in the room was drinking it in. Putting down her beer, Kim stretched her arms over her head and flexed her long legs. Her breasts strained against the white mesh and showed her hardened nips very clearly. The loose waistband slid down as Kim arched her back, allowing just a hint of her auburn curls to peek out. The more Kim showed, the more ragged her breathing became. There were five hard dicks in the room and Kim knew it was because of her.
She held that pose for a few moments, and then jumped up declaring she needed another beer. She gathered up all the empties from the coffee table on a big serving platter and headed for the kitchen. Her shirt had fallen back into place, but her sweatpants continued their journey lower on her hips. The upper half of her ass cheeks were on display as well as about four inches of crack. The sweatpants threatened to drop to the floor with every step. As she disappeared in the kitchen, she asked Larry if he would give her a hand. He quickly shot me a worried glance. I just looked at him a shrugged my shoulders. She was in charge.
He jumped up and hurried to the kitchen. After a few minutes of things bumping around and glasses clinking together, they emerged again with fresh beer on the platter. Kim's sweatpants were a little higher on her hips but still showing a lot of skin below the belly button. Everyone got a beer and we watched the remainder of the first half. Kim sat cuddled up to me watching the game, but still making sure to give my hard on a furtive nudge every now and then.
At half-time, everyone got up to use the bathroom or to refill drinks. At one point, Alan and Jim were in the bathroom and Larry and Tom were on the back porch smoking a cigarette. Seeing we were alone at the moment, Kim jumped up and started stretching and her pants fell straight to the floor. She stood there smiling at me, completely naked from the waist down.
"Ah, that's better" she said breathlessly.
"Why stop there?" I asked, making it sound like a challenge. "Why not lose the shirt too. You still have a minute or two before they come back."
She looked at me with a slight grin. She knew that I thought she wouldn't do it. She just smirked and pulled the jersey off and stood in the middle of the living room completely naked with four other men in the house. I could see she was shaking slightly, and she was flushed from her neck to her breasts. Her nipples stood out like hard pebbles against her pale skin. At any moment, the guys could walk back in a catch her in her naked glory.
"When I went in to get the drinks with Larry, something happened," Kim confessed in a quiet voice. She looked up at me and continued, "I had the tray of bottles in my hand and there was no where to put it down. The counter was full of food and dishes. I stood there with my hands full. Then I felt my sweat pants slip a little. I asked Larry if he could take the tray for me, because my pants were falling down." She told her story in a quiet, yet excited voice, seeming oblivious she was standing in the middle of the living room completely naked.
"He just stood there looking at me blankly like he didn't know what I was talking about," she continued. "I said, 'Larry, please take this tray or my pants are going to fall down ... and I am not wearing panties.' I think I had added that last part as more of a dare, than a warning. He just stood there looking at me with a kind of cute, confused look on his face. I turned away from him to find somewhere to put the tray, and that's when it happened. My pants slipped off my hips and fell to the floor. I was naked from the waist down. He could see my bare ass." Breathlessly, she glanced out toward the deck where Larry and Tom were smoking.
"I stood there for a few seconds, then I felt his hand on my ass. His touch was very tentative. I didn't want to make a scene, so I had to be quiet. I kind of felt bad for teasing him earlier in the living room and in the bedroom. 'I'll make you a deal,' I told him. 'If you take the tray from me, you can touch me for one minute.' I know that was bad of me, but I had been teasing him and getting him all hard. You both were hard in the living room. I could see it.
"He reached around and took the tray from me. I was so hot watching him put the tray on the floor; I wanted him to touch me. Then I felt his hand on my ass and then he ran his fingers between my legs. I was so wet; his fingers were coated with my juice. He touched my pussy, even slide one finger in me and I almost came. Please don't be mad. I was just so excited from all of you guys looking at me. I couldn't help myself." She was looking at me to see if I was mad at her. "I stopped because I thought that if he made me come, you would be mad."
"Are you mad?"
I almost laughed. She thought I would be mad because Larry had almost made her come, not because he had his fingers in her pussy. I guess I should have been mad, but my penis had other ideas. I took her hand and placed it on my iron hard erection. "Does this answer your question?"
She stood there naked, breathing hard, looking into my eyes. It was a stand off and she wanted to show me that she had the nerve to stand there naked. Any minute, one of the guys was going to walk in. Kim's eyes darted toward the kitchen, effectively breaking the spell, and then reached down and scooped up her shirt and pants. In a flash she was dressed again. She had just pulled her pants back up when Alan walked back in the room. Kim sat back down, but not before giving her pants a little tug to send them back down low around her hips. She was not done yet.
After a few minutes, everyone got situated again and the game started back up. Jim, Alan and Tom were seated in chairs in the front of the room and Larry and I were on the couch in the back of the room with Kim in between us. Soon we were all immersed in the game. Well, almost all of us. Kim kept stealing glances at Larry, who was sitting to her immediate left about a foot away. She nudged me with her elbow and lifted her arms over her head in a very exaggerated stretch. This caused her sweat pants to drop a little more, exposing all of her flat belly and about a half inch of her thin strip of auburn goodness. Her jersey also rode up her torso, leaving about two feet of bare skin from just below her breasts to just above her pussy. Larry did not miss a second of the exposure. Larry's eyes about bugged out of his head when he saw Kim's red pubic hair peek out from under the waistband of her sweat pants. But his eyes never left her pussy; a pussy that his fingers had been inside just minutes ago.
Kim held that pose for a second or two, before dropping her arms and sitting up straight on the couch. This caused her sweat pants to slip further down. Now her pubic hair was almost completely on display, as was about half of her ass cheeks. Alan, Jim and Tom had their backs to Kim little show. This fact must have emboldened her somewhat, because she looked over at Larry and pulled her sweatpants down to about mid thigh. Her pussy was completely exposed to Larry and I. Kim's breathing was rapid and shallow. She was very excited. I could see her thighs were already slick with the juices. She didn't waist any time sliding her fingers between her slippery lips. Larry shot me a nervous glance, a look of uncertainty across his face. I nodded to him reassuringly and went back to enjoying Kim's performance. Kim was determined to finish what the other guys had interrupted earlier. She made quick work of pleasuring herself, cuming almost immediately. Her thighs clamped together, as she rode the wave of pleasure between her two rapt admirers.
She sat in the afterglow of her orgasm for almost a full minute before one of the teams on TV scored and the other guys erupted in yells. Kim pulled her pants back up in lightning speed, narrowly missing being seen by the others. I think if the team had scored two minutes earlier, Kim would have been too far gone to care and everyone would have had a chance to see her in the throws of passion.
Kim got up and excused herself to go to the bathroom. As she passed in front of Larry, she reached out and ran her, still wet fingers across his lips. I'm sure he could taste her pussy still on her fingers. Larry shot me another look. All I could do was shrug and laugh and try to hide my throbbing hard on.