All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica
This Fictional story is based on fact. I leave it up to the reader to decide what is fact and what is fiction.
I married my high school sweetheart Becky in nineteen seventy. She was twenty-one and I was twenty-three. My name is Tom. We had two kids a boy and a girl. I was a construction worker/ construction supervisor for a mid-sized construction company. In those days we didn't have project managers, the Supervisor was responsible to bid the job and then had to do it at the price quoted. A high-pressure job to be sure!
Well, we decided that my wife's job was to take care of the kids when they came along, and I would work to support the family. Although I had plenty of vacation time. My boss told me I was too important to take a vacation, so I stayed on the job to make sure everything went well. I sacrificed my time off for the company. I discovered I was a conscientious knuckle head to the company I worked for.
My wife went to work in the school system as a teacher's aid, when the kids were old enough to go to school. It gave her some spending money, and this way she would be home with them.
This worked well until I was thirty-nine years old. I came down with a mysterious illness. I was weak, sick to my stomach, and couldn't hold down food. After a battery of tests, it was found my sickness was related to nerves. The solution the doctor told me was to find a hobby and take vacations at least one a year. It took me six weeks to become well enough to go back to work.
Long story short: I had to find a hobby, I liked drawing in school, in shop I liked to draft up houses, so I immediately thought of an art class. I found an art co-op in town. I called and was told the supplies to buy for the class and when it was scheduled.
The co-op met Tuesdays and Thursdays, six to ten. It was a figure study co-op not a class, ongoing until summer. The meaning of co-op: it was a group of artists who got together to draw, it was ten dollars a night. Yes, you got it right figure studies means, the women were nude. I really I mean I really! Enjoyed the art co-op after the first night even though my sketches were not very good. The visual stimulation was next-to-none!
On the third night the model a woman my wife and I knew was there. I thought she was an artist. Her name was Joyce and she graduated with my wife. The dark haired woman came over, said hi, and asked how Becky was. I was shocked when she nonchalantly walked up onto the platform and took off her dress. Her only garment, she was naked! Joyce I could see she enjoyed her exposure as she strutted her stuff on the platform. She was not directed into the poses by the artists. She was the one who chose the poses with some suggestions from the group at times.
She stood for one-minute poses full frontal, her dark pubic hair was closely trimmed, then she turned her back to us as she looked over her shoulder, while she bent over a stool for a two-minute pose with her legs slightly spread for comfort to expose her hairless pussy lips and rosebud to all of us. The poses became progressively more erotic, until the final pose was on a couch, legs spread to show her moist pussy to the delight of all present for the half hour final pose. I sketched a poor likeness of her body but made a concerted effort to get the image of her pussy the best I could on my sketch pad.
When I arrived home my wife excitedly asked. "How was the model tonight and can I see your sketches?"
"Sure." I gave her the sketch pad and then said. "Remember Joyce Spencer? You graduated with her, she said hi."
"Oh, was she one of the artists, tonight?" Becky said as she looked at my sketches. "Wow this model really was exposed and you spent a lot of time capturing her intimate area also." She noted with some jealousy.
"Joyce was the model and yes she did show us what she had for breakfast."
"Wow, I remember Joyce as a skinny girl, she looks like she has blossomed into a pretty woman." After a little thought Becky asked. "Was Joyce directed into the poses or did she pose without instruction?"
"The group suggested poses, but she posed in positions she was comfortable with."
"Oh my! She was comfortable with total exposure. She has her legs spread wide. You also captured her back with her vagina and her back door exposed."
"It lookes like she was very comfortable being nude in front of us. Joyce was excited to show us her intimate being. Her pussy was dripping wet by the time she modeled for the last pose. Heaven's gate was open for visual inspection. "
My wife took my hand and led me up to bed. "Don't get any Ideas my love as I have all the same parts as Joyce has." She said with concern.
"You're right my dear, but she likes to show them to people. You're too shy to do that, although you're much more beautiful than she is."
"Is that what you want! The world to see what your wife has to offer." She asked with concerned.
By now I had an erection so she knew my answer when she noticed my boner. Becky grabbed me by my clothed pecker, and we retreated into our bedroom.
Becky stripped and laid on the bed with her legs spread. "What do you think could I model for the group. You want your wife this exposed to the world don't you." She accused me as if I was some kind of pervert.
I didn't acknowledge her accusation but answered her first question. "You could, but you're too shy to spread like that in front of anyone." I said as I dove headfirst between her legs and started to lick her pussy. With my hands I played with her nipples. It was very difficult to do but where there is a will... you get it right!
After our verbal exchange Becky was so hot her pussy dripped her excitement, and I had an easy job to get her off.
"OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH MMMMMMMMMMYYYYYYYYYY GGGGGGGGGGGAAADDDDD!" She screamed.
Becky still moaned in orgasmic bliss when we heard "Mom are you okay!" Both our kids hollered.
"Yes, I was just tickling your mom's fancy!" I explained with a chuckle, still down between her legs. I gave a kiss to her lovely slit.
Becky batted me in the head and whispered. "Don't talk like that to our kids, they know what we're doing, and you embarrass me."
"Sorry, but I still think it's funny." I said as I rolled over.
"I'll show you funny." Beck said as she got on her knees, straddled my mid-section, and rubbed her pussy along my pecker. She didn't insert my cock in her pussy.
Becky teased my cock; I struggled not to blow a load all over my belly with the stimulation of her moist pussy lips on by pecker. She knew how far to go, before she relented, rose up, inserted my pecker into her box, and slammed down balls deep on my member. Becky was in control and rode me to her two orgasms before she let me cum. I was amazed at what a night at an art class could do for our sex life!
In nineteen-eighty-five the co-op had twenty men in it, give or take. I found out the head of the group was my cousin's husband, and the models were all women. It was difficult to find women who would model nude, so many nights we went home early when the model didn't show up. It was the fourth night in a row I came home early and upset.
"What's the matter?" My wife asked as I walked through the door and slammed down the sketch pad.
"No model again tonight." I expressed angrily.
There was a long silent pause, and then. "Do you think I could model for the group?" My wife asked in a haltingly whisper. The expression on her face said: "I don't believe I just asked that."
Now I am in a bind. "Do I want my wife to expose her body to people I draw with. If I don't then I shouldn't be there to see other women nude. The fantasy of my wife nude in front of the group excites me, but the reality scares me." This was my conundrum. Instead of a direct answer I asked. "Do you think you can model nude like Joyce did? You're so shy you don't walk around the house in a nightie in front of the kids and you don't want to go to a nude beach." I said to dissuade my wife to model nude.
"I don't know if I could model." And then after some thought she asked. "Would you want me to let my kids see me in a nightie or nude, and would you want me to expose my body at a nude beach?" My wife asked in a small, fearful voice.
"Actually, I would like you to be more at ease with your body. You're beautiful, if you have it, you should flaunt it. YOU DEFINITELY HAVE IT MY DEAR." I emphasized.
At this point I would like to explain: my wife had a body image problem when I met her. Becky was shy. She thinks her breast are too big, and her bottom was too small. To me my wife was the most beautiful woman in the world, and I always told her that. Her beauty was not only skin deep but goes to her soul. She had dark blonde hair, five-foot five tall with a thirty-eight, twenty-four, thirty-four figure. Becky's legs were well sculptured and smooth. She thought I'm prejudice because she was my wife. I need other people to tell her how beautiful she was for her to believe that.
"Becky here is the number to John the model coordinator, call him and tell him you want to model for the class." I told her as I gave her the number. I knew she wouldn't call. This was Wednesday morning when this conversation took place.
Becky mulled over in her head all day at school. "Could I take my clothes off and model like Joyce did. I want my husband to be happy. He said he would like to see me nude in front of the group." She thought with a shiver of excitement, mixed with fear.
Wednesday night I arrived home from work and was met at the door by Becky. She wrapped her arms around my neck, gave me a kiss, and looked into my eyes. "Do you really want me to model for your art group?" She whispered so the kids wouldn't hear us.
"It is up to you. If you think you can pose like Joyce did, then call if you want and talk to John."
We had dinner, the kids excitedly told us about their day, and they helped clean up. Each of the kids had TVs in their room. They didn't like the shows we watched, so went to their bed room. In those days we had only land lines, so my son and daughter although they had a phone in their rooms, fought over who would get to the phone first. By nine-thirty both the kids were in bed and asleep.
I was in the family room and watched TV. Becky went to our bed room and came down with a robe on. "I want to practice poses." With that she removed the robe and was nude.
"What if the kids come down?" I asked in shock.
"They will see their mother naked." Becky giggled.
"Holy smokes you're really getting into this, but do you think you can model in front of a group?"
"That's what I want to find out and I need your help." Becky posed full frontal. "Is this a pose you would want?"
"Yes, that is the one-minute pose, turn your back to me, and look over your shoulder."
The poses progressed to the half hour poses, Becky then turned shy. "Do I really have to spread my legs for the last pose?"
"That is up to you, but you need to talk to John."
The poses progressed into a love session in the family room. Becky spread her legs for the last pose, I knelt between her legs and licked her pussy.
"Oh, my I love possssiiiinnnggggggggg Ahah SOOOOOO GGGGGOOOODDD." Becky moaned in orgasm.
After she came out of her orgasmic bliss she sat up and pulled me to her. Unbelted my pants pushed them and my underwear down. She blew my socks off with my shoes laced up tight.
"Ah-ah gawd." I was in heaven, art is worth the effort!
I took my pants off and pulled up my underwear, Becky remained nude for the night until we went to bed. It was a first for us to have Becky nude for the night with the kids in the house. We kissed and snuggled. It was wonderful!
Thursday, I went to work, and Becky went to the school where she worked in the principal's office as a secretary. As soon as she got there, she called the number I gave her.
The phone rang and was picked up. "Hello."
"Hi, is this John who obtains models for the art co-op?"
"Yes, it is, and who is this."
"My name is Becky, my husband Tom goes to draw at the co-op. I want to know if you need any models?" Becky said hesitantly in an embarrassed voice.
"Becky, Tom is my wife's cousin we have been to parties together. I have even danced a few dances with you."
"Oh yes I know who you are now, Tom never said anything about you being the model coordinator."
"I have a model for tonight. I would like to meet with you and Tom to make sure you will be comfortable to model the way we expect. Would that be okay with you?"
"Yes, that sounds like a good Idea as I have never modeled before without clothes on." Becky said relieved, but scared.
"Good I will talk to Tom tonight and see what a good time would be to have you come to the Artisans."
"Okay, that would be great. Bye hope to see you soon." Becky said.
"I hope to see you soon also." John said but for a different reason. He lusted after Becky every time he saw her. He wanted to at least draw her naked form.
Tom came home from work, took a shower, ate, and left for the art co-op. Becky didn't tell him that she called John.
The first to arrive at the Artisans was Tom and then an older woman who was in her sixties came in. "Are you here to draw tonight?" Tom asked as she had a large tote bag with her.
"No, I'm the model tonight." The woman stated embarrassed.
"That's Great, I'm Tom." He put out his hand.
"I'm Margret, this is a first for me. I work with John; he and my husband talked me into this." The woman babbled in nervousness.
"You'll do fine the artist appreciate what it takes to bare your soul for art." Tom smiled which brought a sigh of relief from Margret.
Margret was thin about five-foot, seven, Black/gray hair, it was hard to tell what her figure was like with the dress she had on.
John came in a few minutes later and greeted us. "Thank-you for consenting to model for us tonight, Margret."
"Well John you were a bear the last few weeks that the models didn't show up, so I figured I would model tonight maybe we will have a better day tomorrow. The last time I modeled was in college many-many years ago. I hope you won't be disappointed." She expressed.
It was a few minutes later that all the group was there twenty-one of us. Most of the men greeted Margret and thanked her for posing for the group also.
As the artists set up Margret went to the ladies' room down the hall and came back nude as the day she was born. She apologized. "I forgot my robe." She walked up onto the raised platform and without any instruction struck a standing pose. Her mound was neatly trimmed, her legs spread a comfortable distance apart which showed her pussy lips as they laid engorged and moist. Her vaginal lips hung between her legs a good inch. This was the one-minute pose.
Margret's breast although small stood with large nipples and areolas they sagged very little, which added to her allure. She had a little belly, but her legs were magnificent. All in all she pleased the eye.
For the first two minute pose she faced us and put her hands on a stool. this caused her breasts to sway while she assumed the pose.
When she turned her back to us and extended her arms on the stool, with her back to us, her bottom was medium size, but solid. She spread her legs a comfortable distance apart, this exposed her pussy lips, which were open, the bright pink interior of her pussy invited you in and her lips were engorged. Her pussy lips had dew on them, she was excited, and her rosebud was exposed to us. I surmised Margret was in her glory when she was nude.
We had ten-minute breaks every half hour and Margret wasn't concerned that she was nude while on break. The other models put on a gown, but left them open, when they weren't modeling.
I spent most of my time to highlight the intimate details of the women who posed the rest of their bodies I didn't detail very much.
Margret was the most uninhibited model to this point. For the last pose she was asked to lay on the couch with her legs spread exposed to the group. She took it upon herself to use two fingers on one hand to massage' her pussy lips as we drew her likeness. It was a very erotic last half hour for me.
When we were done for the night Margret didn't hurry to dress, she stayed completely nude and wanted to see all of our works. I was embarrassed to show her my sketches as I concentrated on her breast, pussy, and rosebud.
She looked at my sketches and said. "I see where your mind is young man. I bet your wife will be well tended to tonight." She giggled.
Everyone thanked her for modeling and she in turn hugged each one of us with a full body hug, still nude. I noted she had a big diamond ring and a wedding band on her finger.
When she hugged me, I whispered in her ear. "I think you will need a seeing to also tonight." I surmised that because she had a scent that intoxicated me, one of a woman that needed to get laid.
"Yes, that is why my husband offered me to John to model tonight. Most of the guy's here work for us. My husband is the owner of the company and I'm the CFO. I got my mojo back tonight." She giggled.
"Won't you be embarrassed tomorrow to work with the men, who saw you, nude tonight?" I asked incredulously.
"We work in a high-pressure industry, and this was my way to help the people who work for us relax. They are grateful to me when I help them relax."
When she told me that, I explained to her the reason I needed to draw.
We escorted Margret to the women's room, and she invited us in as she dressed, she didn't accept the payment for modeling, she told John to put the money back in the model fund, and then she left. To our unanimous praise as we walked her to the door.
John came over to me and stated. "Becky called me this morning she wants to model. Are you okay with that?"
"I have to be. If I am looking at a naked woman and she wants to model. I have to let her. What is good for the goose is good for the gander."
"Tomorrow night or Saturday afternoon I'm available." John said.
"I think Saturday afternoon is best."
"Okay, Have Becky come here to the Artisans on Saturday at one."
"I want to be here with her."
"It's best if she comes alone as she will be less inhibited without you here, but you can come with her if you want to."
"I hope you can get Becky to model like Margret did." I told John excitedly.
"We will indoctrinate her in the way Margret models. In fact, I will ask Margret to model again next week I will tell you what night on Saturday. You can bring Becky with you that night." John explained.
"Sounds good." I answered excitedly as I walked out of the building with John.
"You're home late Tom." Becky said as I walked into the bedroom.
"Yes, we had a new model tonight who happens to be John's boss's wife. She is the CFO of the company."
"What!! She modeled nude and she is the CFO?! Unbelievable." Becky expressed.
"She was an outstanding model also and she was over sixty I think." John explained excitedly. There was a pause. "Oh, I see you called John to be put on the model list. Can we go to the Artisan building on Saturday afternoon for one?
"Yes, the kids have parties to go to in the afternoon until about eight at night we have to pick them up."
"Oh, by the way you surprised me I didn't think you would want to model. It is in a good way though." I said as I stripped, but left my tee on, and got into bed to find my wife nude. Something that is a rarity, she usually puts on a nightie.
"So, tell me about the model tonight." Becky asked as she rubbed my cock.
I couldn't talk but I showed her how much I enjoyed my night at the Artisan. I rolled between her spread legs, she inserted my cock in her pleasure pit, I pushed forward. We started on our way to a mutual orgasm. Becky felt so good she was wet and used her pussy muscles to stroke my cock as I sawed in and out of her. "The art co-op enhanced our sex life!" I thought after she moaned in orgasm, and I blew my load deep in her manhole.
We cuddled in slumber.
Friday went very slow for me I thought the day would never end, but Becky didn't want the day to end she thought about Saturday and being nude in public. "Will I be able to model nude." She thought as she worked in the school office.
Saturday morning was a flurry of activity of household chores with excited anticipation by me of the afternoon to come. My wife on the other hand dreaded the afternoon to come. Our son noticed his mother's uneasiness and asked. "Mom, you okay, you look like you want to cry." He asked compassionately."
Becky took his face in her hands and said. "Thanks for the concern my dear, but I'm okay. I have a lot on my mind this morning." She said and forced a smile.
I could see Becky was in a funk. I walked up to her after our son left to go outside. I gave her a hug. "You don't have to do this you know. I love you and don't want to see you upset."
"I have to do this for my own reasons. I know I need to be more uninhibited, and this will be a way that I can do this. I want to be a model!" Becky said and went to our in-suite bath to prepare.
Becky took all her clothes off, went to her closet picked out a dress that buttoned down the front, pulled out a bra and panties that matched. "I will probably have to strip to my undergarments." She thought as she went to shower, she trimmed her pubic hair, looked at her bottom. To her embarrassment she saw that there was hair around her bottom at her rectal area. "Tom, can you come up here please." She shouted from the bedroom.
I didn't hear her, but our daughter did and came to get me. I went to our room, to see my wife in tears. She shut the bedroom door and turned around. "Look at all the hair around my rectal area it's disgusting you have to trim it for me." She said as she gave me the razor and cream. She went into the bathroom and bent over the sink. I took a warm washcloth and wet down her backside and shaved her smooth. We then put on some aloe cream to stop the itch.
"There, my dear you look beautiful." As I turned her to inspect her naked beauty.
We took the kids to the mall, had lunch there with them and left for the fifteen-minute trip to the Artisan building. We arrived about fifteen minutes late. John just came out ready to leave.
"I thought you weren't coming." He said as we exited our vehicle.
"You know with kids and all we are running behind." I apologized.
*As a footnote in those days we didn't have access to cell phones.
While we walked into the building John and Becky conversed about our family. I could see Becky had become calmer. There were people who were there to see the exhibits. We walked around the gallery and John pointed out paintings that were hung and done by artists from our group.
Becky walked up to one and asked. "Oh, my gawd, is that Joyce Spencer?" She was nude and spread. It was a beautiful painting.
"I know her name is Joyce, but I don't know her last name." John explained.
"The artist did a great job." Becky blushed. "But she is totally exposed."
"You're right Becky but in an innocent way don't you agree?" John stated.
"Well, I guess so." And then with more enthusiasm. "Yes, it is a beautiful painting."
The group went on to look at more figure studies the more explicit ones were in area's you had to be twenty-one and older to walk though. We came to a corner where there was easel set up, with a large sketch pad, a couch, a stool, and bench. "Why don't we do some sketches of you Becky." John said.
"Do I have to undress." Becky asked in a small fearful voice, her features red with embarrassment.
"Only if you want to, otherwise sit on the stool and I will sketch you." John said as I watched disappointed. John did a five-minute sketch of Becky and said. "You want to see what it looks like." Purposely he did a poor job on the sketch. She walked over and looked at it. "What do you think."
Becky turned red. "It's not very good!" She said. "Is it because I'm not a good model?"
"No Becky, but I do a better job on figure studies. You will be modeling for figure studies, so whenever you're ready there is a curtain in the corner, where you can disrobe, and then we will see if you make a good figure model."
"The moment of truth - can I do it." She thought as she walked to the cordoned off area and started to remove her clothes in back of the curtain. It was easy to remove the dress and her shoes the bra became harder, and the panties took all her willpower to push them to the floor. There was a full-length mirror and Becky looked at the nude woman in it, realized it was her, and she was beautiful, but scared.
Becky didn't know what to do with her hands as she walked out into the room to be seen by John for the first time.
"You are beautiful Becky; you will be a better model than I hoped as long as you can pose as instructed." John praised the nude woman.
This brought an embarrassed smile to Becky's face, her body had a red hue to it, as she stood full frontal in front of the easel so John could sketch her. John had her turn sideways and with her back to him as he sketched. The longer she stood nude in front of him. The easier it was for her to forget she was nude. Becky determined she liked to be the center of attention and enjoyed her exposure to this point.
"I want you to go to the high stool and put your elbows on it with your back to me." John directed.
"Oh boy I know I will be totally exposed to anyone in back of me in this pose." Becky rightly thought as she assumed the requested pose.
It was at this time there was a guided tour of about thirty people who were equally divided between men and woman. They entered the area and quietly watched as John did the ten-minute sketch of Becky. She heard footfalls behind her and someone murmur, but it didn't register that there could be other people there. She needed all her concentration to hold this pose, as she knew she totally exposed her vagina and rectal area to the artist's view, because she could feel the cool air on her moist pussy lips.
"Okay that was good Becky, you did a great job thank you for your time. We are finished for the day." John said.
Becky turned to see the group, she was in shock that so many people witnessed the first day that she was nude in public and intimately exposed. Becky couldn't move, when the group came closer, and the guide asked. "First of all, we would like to commend you on your courage to intimately expose your body for figure studies. Do you mind if some of the people ask you questions?" There was a round of applause for the naked lady.
"No-no I guess not and thank you for your approval." Becky stated in an embarrassed fog, but with a smile to be caught nude. She didn't think to cover her nakedness though after she was applauded for her courage. Becky looked at me, we have been marriage so long she knew I was proud of her for her courage. I guess this gave her the courage to remain nude as she answered questions.
"How did your husband convince you to model nude?" One woman asked.
"He didn't convince me I asked him if he thought I would be a good model." Then Becky explained why.
"How long have you been modeling?" A man about fifty asked.
"I have never modeled, I just posed today for the first time."
"How do you feel being nude in front of us." A woman in her thirties asked.
"I haven't given it a thought until you mentioned that I'm nude." This brought a laugh from the group along with the model.
A man in his sixties looked at Tom. "You have a smile on your face of a person who is proud of something. Is the model your wife?"
"Yes, Becky is my beautiful wife who is shy, and I can't believe she took the initiative to call John to set up this posing session on her own. I'm proud of her."
"Becky how do you feel right now that you're naked in front of us?" A woman in her forties asked.
"I love the freedom of being naked. I wish that more women would do this."
"So, your saying that we should model?" Another woman asked.
"I just found out this is something that should be on your bucket list." Becky explained as she walked over to the curtained off area, pulled the curtain aside to continue the conversation. She put on the dress only. She put her undergarments in her purse.
The group thanked Becky for the information, asked John the days for the co-op. all the couples took his card. The group moved onto another section of the museum.
"Becky, I want you to come with Tom on Tuesday night to watch the way Margret models for our group. Are you available?"
"Yes, I will get our niece to take care of our kids." John handed Becky twenty-five dollars.
"What's this for?" Becky asked.
"Your modeling fee for today." John explained.
"I get paid to model?"
"Yes, we pay the models for their time. John said. With that we left the building.
As we walked to the truck. "Becky, you did an amazing job posing for the first time. How did it feel.
"I actually enjoyed myself today being nude and letting the group see me nude. I was embarrassed to begin with to show my vaginal area, but liked the response from the tour group. The expression on your face added to my enjoyment." Becky said as she slid over on the bench seat in the truck and put her head on my shoulder. "It was the first time ever I got paid to take my clothes off." She giggled and I joined in.
I in turn put my right hand under her dress to find her pussy dripped her excitement. She pulled the back of her skirt up so she wouldn't have a stain on her dress. It took us about fifteen minutes to be home.
"Oh my GAAAWWDDD, I needed that- showingggggggg my pussyyyy maddeee mmmeee sooo hornyyyyyy!" It was a one orgasm trip for my wife to our house.
My wife went into the house: by the time I entered she was nude and spread in front of the large picture window in the front of our house. "I need to get hosed down." My wife said as she opened her pussy to show pink. It was wet with her arousal. Her first orgasm in the truck was a precursor to the main event.
I stripped off my clothes and got between her legs to lick-it-dee slit. Her pussy tastes like a fine wine when she was very excited. I dove headfirst at her pussy with my tongue out to penetrate her pussy lips. I licked around her opening and used two fingers to find her G spot. She was off again!
"Ah, yesss I nneedd you iinn mmeeeeeee!" She cried in orgasm.
I took my lips off her clit and replaced my fingers with my cock. I pumped vigorously per her instructions, it was a symphony of sounds and scents. Within three minutes it was all over except to clean up the act.
We remained nude in the house until it was time to pick up our kids. It was dark by then; we left the blinds opened. I wonder if any of our neighbors saw my wife and I nude.
Time flew by and it was Tuesday night. My wife called our niece to sit with our kids. They were still a little too young to be alone. I picked her up and by the time I came back home it was time to leave for the Artisan building. We took the truck and my wife sat next to me. She had on a dress. I put my hand on her thigh, she spread her legs and pulled my hand against the juncture of her legs. I felt pussy hair! She was pantiless. I then looked at her top. I could see a hint of rigid nipples. "Becky, you look and feel amazing" I gave her a kiss on her cheek at the light.
We arrived at the building to find Margret already there. My wife was surprised to see the matronly woman in an expensive outfit. "Hi, I'm Margret, you must be Becky I heard a lot about you yesterday. All good I might add."
Margret explained she modeled in college for figure studies and now she models to relieve the stress of her employees, because they couldn't find models.
Becky explained why she wants to model. "I want to model because I need to be more comfortable with my body and to relieve my husband's stress so he doesn't get sick again."
John walked in along with the rest of the artists. He introduced Becky to the group and gave her accolades for her audition on Saturday.
Margret went to the cordoned off area to undress but didn't close the curtain for privacy while she stripped. She talked with Becky as she removed her only garment, a dress. Fully nude she sat on the stool legs spread which exposed her pussy to the group to await the instruction to start. Becky sat next to me while I sketched. We sat in the center of the group about four feet from the model who was up on a one foot high raised platform. Becky was close enough to Margret to receive a whiff of her excitement from time to time when the model moved.
My wife paid close attention to Margret as she modeled surprised that the older woman totally exposed her intimate areas for the artist. She wasn't instructed to take the poses she decided on the exposed poses she took. The last pose with Margret on the couch legs spread and she stroked her pussy to orgasm in front of the group.
"OH-Ah-AH yessssssssssss I needed that IIII'M So turned on to show my box!" She moaned as she came.
Becky had a wet spot on the back of her dress as she had no panties to soak up her excitement. She looked around and there wasn't a limp dick in the room.
After Margret brought herself off, she received a standing ovation.
Becky went up to the older woman. "Thanks Margret I won't feel embarrassed when I model nude thanks to you. Margret you were great. To be a CFO and to have enough courage to model for figure studies --Wow I am going to nominate you for the woman of the year." Becky said as she gave the older woman who was still nude a hug.
Becky and I went to my truck, Becky slid in and unbuttoned her dress, spread her legs. After I started the truck, she brought my right hand to her pussy. I stuck two fingers in her box, and she blasted off.
"To sssseeee Maggie finger fuck herself almost made me cccccuuuummmm--" She screamed her orgasm.
When we arrived at our house mindless of her condition. My wife went into the house to get our niece, so I could bring her home. She was about sixteen at the time. She entered the truck, and I could see her sniff the air. "What have you and Aunt Becky been doing in here? Aunt Becky was all but naked did you go parking?" She asked with curiosity.
I looked at my young niece embarrassed. "Why did you say that Lesley?" Shocked that my wife entered the house almost nude and at the insight my young niece had.
"Well, when Peter and I go parking that is what the car smells like after we are done. When Aunt Becky came into the house, she was all discombobulated and had the scent about her of an excited woman." Lesley stated with a smirk.
"Well, we are married you know!" I explained without a yes or no to her question.
Lesley slid over and gave me a kiss on my cheek. "You are a cool uncle and Aunt Becky is a cool aunt. I'm so lucky to have you two. She said as she put her head on my shoulder. I paid her twenty-five dollars for the night. She didn't want to accept payment, but I insisted. I made sure she was in the house before I left.
When I arrived home I found my wife in bed, the lights on, and she was completely nude. This is not the norm for her she usually puts on a nightie, so the figure studies had shed a new light on my conservative wife. She has become a hot wife.
I stripped nude got into bed. "I need you in me Tom, I'm so horny." She said as she rolled on top of me and seated my pecker into her box. I love to have Becky on top so I can admire her beautiful body.
She rode my cock slowly to begin with, but she needed to cum. Becky picked up speed and squeezed my pecker with her pussy muscles. Her breast almost gave her a black eye they bounced so much.
I needed to hold off I wanted to cum with her. I thought of disgusting things to hold off my orgasm. I felt her clamp down on my pecker and my balls got wet.
"I'm cccuuummmiiinnng!" She screamed into a pillow she put to her face.
"Gawd yoouu'rreee so sexxyyy!" I came with a groan.
The next morning "What was all the noise in your room mom you and dad have a fight?"
"No, mom was playing cowgirl." I said and got an angry look and a fist in my arm.
Our son, bless his soul. "No, they were having sex." He giggled.
"I think we need to put an addition on the house far from these bedrooms." She whispered with a giggle.
There was little to tell for the next two days we went about our usual routine until Thursday night when I got home. Dinner was ready, but Becky was not in the kitchen to greet me my niece was. I could see Becky ate already and Lesley dished out the meal for the kids, me and made a plate for herself.
"I could get used to living here." Lesley stated as we sat to eat.
When I finished, I went up to the bathroom to shower and dress for the class. That is when I found Becky nude as she put on makeup. Which by the way she doesn't need, but oh was she made up fabulously tonight. "Where are you going while I'm at the artisan co-op. Are you going out with some friends, it looks like you will be trolling." I smiled at her.
"No, my dear I'm going with you."
"Oh, you want to get more insight on modeling for figure studies?" I asked confused.
"Yes, something like that." She stated mysteriously.
Well, I showered and by the time I was done Becky had on a button front dress. I brought my clothes into the bath, so I was dressed ready to go. We said good-bye the kids and our niece. Lesley gave Becky an odd look as we exited the house. Becky was really nervous, so I told her. "After you watch the model tonight and you don't think you can do it. I won't be mad at you my dear. I know it takes a lot of courage to be totally exposed to strangers. I want you to enjoy modeling not be stressed by it."
"Okay I will remember that my dear." Becky said as she slid over and put her head on my shoulder.
"Boy, do I love this woman." I thought as I drove to the Artisan building.
We arrived about ten to six and there were most of the group there. Becky and I walked up to John. She greeted him and asked how the family was. John looked at his watch and had displeasure written all over his face.
One of the other members of the group asked. "John where is our model."
"I don't know she said she would be here when I called her this afternoon." John grumbled.
Two minutes to Six the phone rang. "You can't make it!" we heard.
There were twenty upset artists in the room. When Becky came to me. "Would it be okay if I model tonight for you guys." She whispered.
I brightened. "Sure, if you think you can."
"Okay then can you put this somewhere for me." Becky said as she unbuttoned her dress, took it off, she was nude and handed me her dress.
I stood there stunned my wife was nude and she had a smile on her face. There was a red hue to her features as she walked up onto the stage sat on the stool legs spread as Margret did to await instructions to start to pose.
I was proud of my wife. The group was all smiles now. John called for the first one-minute pose and Becky stood proud with her hands on her hips for a full frontal of her naked charms. The Side, back and side pose was the other three-minutes of poses. The two-minute poses started with elbows on the stool at the back and faced forward. Elbows on the stool on each side and then elbows on the stool with her back to the artists.
This pose gave us the first view of my wife's pussy and brown star. The pose was beautiful.
"Time for a break." John said.
I walked up to Becky. "Do you want your dress?"
"No, I'm fine, everyone has seen all of me so what's the difference if I put on the dress or stay nude. Besides I love the free feeling I get when I'm nude."
She walked around and conversed with all the artists. She was in her element nude in public. To my utter shock.
A chair was brought to the front. "Becky, pose sitting on the chair. The next poses will be half hour, so pose in a comfortable manner, something you can hold for that long. There will be a break every fifteen minutes."
My wife gave me a grin walked up to the chair and knelt on it she leaned on the back and spread her legs as far as the chair would allow her. Her pussy and Hershey highway was totally exposed. She dripped her arousal onto the chair, so-much-so that John found a towel to put on the chair to absorb the moisture, and one for her to wipe her pussy from time-to-time.
"I love my wife in this pose she is showing everyone her pussy and rosebud." I thought happily as I drew her intimate area in fine detail with the rest of her body in little detail and hazy.
"Take a break." John called and my wife circulated the room as a queen would her court. She was on an exhibitionist high. I thought it would take her longer to become comfortable nude in a group setting, but I guess I was wrong as I looked at her posture as she walked around. Becky had her shoulders back, head held high as she conversed with each artist. She didn't rebuff them as they touched her sometimes intimately.
Becky assumed the same pose after the break and then after another break she sat on the chair, her legs over the arms and her hands under her breasts clasped together. Her intimate area was more exposed in this pose than the last. Her pussy was engorged and the lips open. Liquid escaped her pussy and dropped onto the towel. The area around my wife carried the scent of her arousal. I had all I could do not to walk up her and fuck her silly right on stage. I was so horny for her. She stared at me the whole time, she was spread in front of me. Becky knew I wanted her!
When there was a break Becky would look at her images as the artists depicted her and talk with the artist. She had a good time and embraced the figure study medium. The breaks were longer, the guys put their arms around my wife, and on her shoulder as they talked. She was in her glory, but I was jealous!
I decided to be by my wife's side as she walked around the room, but it didn't really faze the artists or my wife. She reveled in the fact she was the center of attention, nude, intimately exposed to all, and they touched her naked body.
"I hope I haven't let the genie out of the box and can't get her back in!" I thought as one of the artists put his arm around my wife and the back of his hand pushed up under her breast.
"Two more half hour poses, Becky." John called.
My wife went up on the stage to the couch she laid on her stomach and asked for a hassock to put one leg on. Her legs were spread at least four feet apart. She put one hand under her and rubbed her pussy lips together as we drew.
"Oh-OH my Gawd I'm Cumming!" She moaned ten minutes into the pose.
My wife had an orgasm in front of twenty-two-guys!
John called for a break and Becky went to the restroom. I followed her and met a few other people in the area of the restrooms who admired my naked lady. "She is a beautiful woman." One guy commented.
"Yes she is, that's my wife." I said proudly.
"You let you wife model nude for the group and walk around naked?" A woman asked.
"Yes, she is beautiful, and I discovered tonight she has the courage to show everyone her naked beauty." I explained as I waited outside while she was in the lady's room.
"That was so awesome. Did you like my pose?" My wife asked me when she came out of the restroom.
"Yes, I loved it, but was very surprised that you could make yourself cum in public." I admitted.
She assumed the same pose with her hand under her. She used two fingers on one hand to open her pussy to show pink for the last fifteen minutes of the pose.
When the break was called. The artists became bolder and most of the men touched my wife as they discussed their sketches. My wife reveled in the conversation and intimate touches of the men. I watched with some concern that boundaries were crossed tonight that I haven't seen before the few times I came here.
The last pose of the night my wife sat on the couch, back in the corner Knees up and spread wide. She put one arm on the knee against the couch and the other hand she laid on the top of her pussy and inserted two fingers in her box.
John walked up to her and asked. "Becky, can I make an adjustment to your pose?"
"Sure, John what do you want me to do."
"Can I show you?"
"Okay." Becky agreed.
"Put your hand that is on your vagina to the side." John said as he adjusted her hand and stuck his fingers in her pussy to adjust her fingers.
"OOHH!" Becky moaned as John must have rubbed the back of his fingers on her clit.
"I need to stop the direction this modeling session is going, before my wife gets gang banged!" I thought but I was too intrigued to stop the direction of the session.
"This is the last pose of the night." John stated as everyone watched my wife.
I looked around no one put their pencils to papers they just stared at my wife. She looked around the room eyes wide, stopped to look at each artist as she slowly pumped her fingers in her box. When she got to me, she smiled wide, and pumped her fingers faster. "Ssssoooo mmuucchh fffuunnnn." She moaned as she looked at the guy next to me.
I watched my wife mesmerized, but from time-to-time I gazed at all the guys in the room. "That is my wife up there performing an intimate act in public that she has never performed for me before." I thought with excitement.
It was a few minutes later that my wife closed her eyes, put her head back, Raised her bottom off the couch, Screamed. "IIII'MM CCCUUUMMMING AGAIN!" She squirted her orgasm out three feet, something she never did before.
That was the end of the session all the men took turns to wipe her down. Some touched her intimately. Becky was helped to her feet. The group gave her a standing ovation as they crowded around her. "You are the best model we ever had, Becky." Was voiced unanimously by the group except for me. I was scared where this will lead, but I was the one that condoned my wife's decision to model, now I have to talk with her and let my feelings be known.
The last fifteen minutes of the session was a grope fest all the guys talked with my wife as they became very touchy feely as each guy took turns to feel her naked form. She was so turned on that she didn't stop them. She had a good time with the attention.
"Becky is beautiful, and I am lucky she is my wife. She has been faithful to me for over fifteen years." I thought to rationalize what I saw tonight.
I finally had to throw cold water on the party. "Becky, we have to go. I have to bring our niece home."
"Yes, Tom you're right." Becky said as she walked to the Ladies room with the group in tow. She walked in the lady's room left the door opened and sat on the head as she talked to the group of men to their surprise and mine.
I found out later that it was the first time that some of the men watched and talked to a lady as she relieved herself. Becky put on her dress left it unbuttoned, gave everyone a hug and we left, after they paid her the hundred dollars for the model session and two hundred dollars as a tip, so she made three hundred for four hours.
In the truck on the way home. Becky slid over to me. "Did the other models make what I made tonight." She asked as she took my hand, placed it on her box, and spread her legs for easy excess to her charms. "I really had fun tonight." She moaned as I rubbed her G spot with my fingers.
"I don't know." I answered.
Becky's pussy was like a swamp. I have never felt her so wet. She moved around on my fingers and dripped her excitement on the back of her dress. When we arrived home, I had to tell her. "Becky, you need to button up." She made herself halfway respectable before we entered the house.
I figured I needed to use my wife's car to bring home my niece as the truck smells like a rolling whorehouse. Lesley looked at me with suspicion when I took the car. "Uncle Tom you always drive the truck. Why are you using aunt's car?" She smirked.
"I'm on empty." I lied and she saw right through it.
"Yah right, you probably went parking before you came home." She giggled and I turned red.
"How is school?" I asked to change the subject.
That diverted her attention, and I received a monolog of her school life until I dropped her off and gave her forty dollars.
When I arrived home Becky was in the kitchen, nude, cleaning up the dishes. "Becky what if the kids come down, you're nude they will see you."
"Maybe I should be more open about my body. It may be good for the kids." She smiled.
"Wow, where did that come from!" I thought. "What do you mean by that?"
"I read in one of the woman's magazines that for boys it is advisable for the mother to be casual about nudity. This will quell their curiosity to explore their girlfriend's body and to form a better bond with their lady before they become intimate."
"How about our daughter?"
"Girls are not that curious they like the romance, before the intimate contact." Becky explained.
"So that means you're going to walk around the house nude?"
"No, but I will be less concerned about being fully dressed in the house."
This latest revelation was lot for me to take in. My wife did a one-eighty in four hours on her thoughts of nudity.
I helped her to finish the cleanup. We went to bed at eleven-thirty, and we fucked our brains out through our sex organs we were so excited about Becky's nude debut.
Becky laid on the bed and rubbed her pussy while I undressed. She looked me in the eye, her eyes were smokey, I could see the need in them. I knelt on the bed and couldn't resist a taste of her pussy before we fucked. She was very wet, and her scent was delicious. I pulled one lip into my mouth and used two fingers to rub her clit.
"Ah-ah I'MM CCUUMMIING!" She moaned into a pillow as not to awaken the kids. It was after midnight, so this could be considered a midnight delight, I guess. I think this was at least the third time she came tonight.____ Oh wait a minute it is the next day so this is the first cum of a new day for her.
Becky wasn't done, she pushed me on my back, swung her body over me, found my pecker with one hand. She sat on my erection with a moan. "Ohhh yesssssssssss, I need to feel loved!"
We started slow, and lovingly to climb the orgasmic mountain, but as the need increased, the speed increased and it was another five minutes of enjoyment before I blew my load deep inside my wife's pussy and this caused her to cum also.
"Ah-ah oh-oh I love you Beckyyyyyy" I moaned in orgasm.
"Weee Fittt sooooo goooddd togetherrrrrrrrrrrr." She screamed into the pillow.
We laid in each other's arms and fell into a contented sleep. It felt that we just closed our eyes when the alarm went off.
I went took a shower and dressed for work. I went into the kitchen to find Becky with a barely there red nightie that went to just below her pussy lips. "I guess you're taking the advice of the woman's magazine and give our kids an eye full of your almost naked body today."
"Yes, I figured no time like the present of help our kids."
"Okay if you say so." I answered not truly convinced that our kids would be better adults if they see their mother almost nude.
Our son was the first one down for breakfast. He looked at his mother and then looked at me. "Dad what did you do with mom. You replaced her with this sexy lady." He asked with a smile as he imprinted her sexy image in his brain. Our son sat and while he ate, he made sure his mother was in his line of sight.
As far as our daughter, when she came into the kitchen. "Mom, you realize that in the right light you are nude and your son can see everything." She reprimanded her mother. So, Becky explained to our daughter about the article she read.
After the explanation our daughter asked. "So, I can see dad nude also then."
"No women are romantics, and men are visual people." Becky explained.
Well, my wife didn't model for the Artisans again. John found many women who wanted to model. I continued at the Artisans for the next four months. John was transferred to another manufacturing plant about two hours from our city, so the art group was disbanded as John was the glue that held it together.
My wife and I discovered that we like to have men look at her, so we needed to find some way to do this. The next chapter in our life will explain this.
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica