Disclaimer: All characters depicted are over the age of consent (18 years of age).
***
You make your way down the hall to your brand-new living room, clutching your overflowing laundry basket against you. You had gotten an early start today, the excitement of the new dwelling energizing you. Your shiny, untouched washer/dryer combo had only just arrived yesterday, and just in time. You were down to your last set of underwear. The black, lacy lingerie set hadn't seen the light of day in several months, as it wasn't particularly comfortable, and you had been too focused on your career to get back out on the dating scene. "What a shame," you think to yourself, noticing how sexy you look as you pass the floor to ceiling mirror. The undergarments hug your elegant curves perfectly, leaving little to the imagination.
You tip the basket and empty its contents onto the coffee table, rocking your hips to the music pumping out of your earbuds as you begin your chore. It feels so liberating to be able to go about your business, half-naked in the privacy of your new home. You can't help but smile widely at the thought that your days of cramped apartments and annoying roommates are finally behind you.
"The lighting in here is incredible," you think, looking over at the large windows peppering the nearby wall to your backyard. You feel a pang in your stomach as you notice a burly man pushing a lawn mower across your grass. You freeze in shock for a moment, suddenly remembering that you had hired a gardening service to start this morning. You quickly cross your arms around your exposed skin and recoil a bit, not sure whether to flee or laugh it off. The man, looking directly at you, flashes you a smile, and turns back to his task.
You feel your cheeks flush with embarrassment as you snatch a shirt from the pile to cover yourself. You don't put it on immediately though; something stops you. Maybe it was his warm smile and quick redirection that put you at ease, but you can't deny the excitement you feel from being seen in so little clothing. "I guess someone might as well enjoy it," you reason, admiring your toned body that you had worked hard to maintain. You neatly fold the shirt and add it to the stack, resolving to continue the job in your skimpy attire.
With each passing moment, you get more comfortable with your little exhibition. You perceive multiple figures going about their work in your peripheral, and steal a quick glance, counting three men. You sense the unmistakable feeling of their eyes on you, causing an exhilarating tingle in your gut. "I can't believe I'm doing this," you think. You pretend not to notice your admirers, focusing on your chore, but peeking from the corner of your eye every so often. The men seem to become less inhibited over time, more openly gawking at you. You reassure yourself that the situation is harmless, and that you're probably making their day a lot better. Less altruistically, you can't ignore the fact that you feel incredibly sexy in this moment. You begin exaggerating your movements, bending at the hips much further than necessary to reach the various piles of clothes in front of you. You know you have a hell of an ass, and are elated to put it on display for your new fans.
Suddenly, you hear what sounds like the heavy sliding door being forcefully pushed open and your heart skips a beat. You look up to see the three men rushing inside. You scream, ripping out your earbuds, "NO! GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!" You hurriedly stumble away from them in an attempt to flee. You feel a large, rough hand grasp your wrist and you're forcefully pulled back into the chest of one of the aggressors. You start flailing in a desperate attempt to free yourself, but you're immediately subdued by strong arms around your torso, pinning your arms to your sides. Before you can even begin to contemplate how powerless you are, six grimy hands are all over you. Roughly squeezing and pinching every inch of your body, the men waste no time ripping off your bra and panties, exposing your bare flesh and most delicate areas.
Your strength begins to wane as your attempts to escape fail. Your struggling only seems to encourage them. "This dumb slut is acting like she doesn't want this! After flaunting around half naked like that," one man says before taking your exposed nipple into his mouth and clamping down on it. The trio laughs. You cry out, but your wail is laced with an undeniable hint of pleasure as your sensitive buds stiffen. A man behind you clasps his hand over your mouth, tightly holding it closed as he murmurs in your ear, "Just stop resisting us and this will all be a lot easier for you... or don't. We don't give a fuck either way do we boys?" The other men loudly agree as they begin hastily removing their grubby pants. "We know you want us to fuck you, you dirty little tease, and we're going to use your tight body until we're satisfied," he continues, as he sloppily licks up the side of your neck. You scream a muffled denial, tears welling up in your eyes.
Your captor roughly slides his other hand down your torso and to your delicate mound. His fingers forcefully enter your pussy with an audible squish. "Just as I thought," he chuckles, "Eager as can be..." As he continues his assault on your soaking gash, you can't help but moan in pleasure. You try and suppress the feeling, but the way he's manipulating your tender folds is causing your body to respond. One of the now half nude men rummages through his dropped trousers and pulls out a rope. He strides over to you with a predatory grin and hastily binds your wrists together behind you. You are then forced to your knees, still terrified, but unable to resist the realization that your pussy is aching at the sudden loss of attention.
You find yourself quickly surrounded by three thick, throbbing cocks. "See what your little show did to us? What are you gonna do about it?"
"Leave me alone!" You refuse to give in.
"You didn't actually think we were just going let this hot piece of ass go to waste, did you? Especially after you served it up on a fucking silver platter," he persists.
"I-I didn't... I was just having fun! I thought you guys would appreciate it," you try to reason with them.
"Well, we did, but now you have to deal with the consequences of your actions. You need to be punished for teasing us and thinking we would just go about our day."
"And don't even think about trying to hurt us," another man warns, "That won't go well for you."
"In fact," another chimes in, "Tell us right now that you promise to be a good slut and suck our dicks like your life depends on it." Your expression twists in disgust at hearing his demand, but you have no idea what they're capable of, and fear what might happen if you deny them. You comply, weakly restating the sentence while looking up at the intruders' lustful gazes. You know you have lost all control of the situation, and feel a burning desire wash over your pussy as you repeat the submissive words. You've never been called a slut, let alone refer to yourself as one. The shame is overwhelming, and you curse yourself for the actions that led to this.
The men laugh wickedly at your obedience. "Well, get on with it then, bitch!" Your hands still bound, you lean your face over to one of the pulsing dicks and envelop it in your mouth. It tastes sweaty and salty, and you visibly grimace a little. The man grabs your jaw in his big hand and turns your eyes up to his. His other hand swiftly strikes your cheek as he commands, "That's your last warning! You better make me believe that this is the best cock you've ever tasted. Do you understand me, slut?" You quickly nod in agreement, shuddering as you feel his eyes pierce your soul. You begin sloppily sucking his thick meat and moaning in untruthful approval, unable to look away from his burning eyes.
Your rapist grins at your compliance for a moment, but his face morphs back into a horny, animalistic expression as he grabs a fistful of your hair. He starts forcefully fucking your face, and you feel tears streaking down your cheeks. You close your eyes and try your best to relax your throat. You then feel another warm, velvety cock sliding across your face. You look again to see a second man prodding and slapping you with his swollen member. You feel the third pushing against the small of your back, as one man crouches behind you and begins firmly groping your tits.
The guys in front of you aggressively pass your head back and forth between them, taking turns ramming their dicks down your throat. The one mauling your chest starts sliding his cock between your ass cheeks, catching some of the juices dribbling from your sex as the engorged head grazes just under your lips. You hate these criminals for what they're doing to you, and you hate your body for getting turned on by their abuse.
The man behind you growls in your ear, "I can't wait anymore, I need to fuck this hot bitch." He wraps a thick arm around your waist and hoists your ass up, all while you're still being brutally face fucked. You then feel a burning hot pressure as he forces his thick cock into your soaking pink lips from behind. You groan through your stuffed mouth as he stretches your insides and pushes deeper. "This stupid slut is fucking tight, boys!" He exclaims, as you feel his balls press into your clit. You've never felt this full of dick before, and your pussy gushes around his shaft, much to your dismay.
The assault continues and you find yourself eventually screaming in pleasure as you are being roughly fucked from both ends. The standing men continue taking turns pumping your throat, ordering you to look at them. The other begins rapidly slamming his dick into your tight folds. The room echoes with the aggressive sounds of your rape. You lose track of time as your holes are pounded relentlessly. The rhythmic sounds of the men grunting and thrusting into your body begin to lull you into a semi-conscious state and you your eyes roll back into your head. You become aware of a powerful sensation rapidly building up within you, and you cringe at the thought of these disgusting men forcing you to orgasm. You know you're powerless to stop it, though. Every stern thrust into your pussy gets you closer to the inevitable, and you feel your juices freely flowing down your thighs.
Just then, the hand on your hair jerks your cock-impaled face into the pelvis of your attacker, burying every inch of his cock in your throat. The man lets out a guttural yell as his dick swells even larger and begins erupting thick, warm semen into you. You struggle to breathe as his pulsing meat coats your throat more and more. His aggressive orgasm pushes you over the edge and you feel a sharp jolt of electricity ripple through you. Your legs quiver under you, struggling to support your weight, and your pussy clamps down on the cock inside you. The spent dick gagging you is finally removed and you scream out in pleasure through your cum-filled mouth. Continuous waves of ecstasy run through your shuddering body as the seed begins oozing past your lips and spilling onto the floor beneath you.
"Holy fuck! This sexy little whore just came so fucking hard on my dick," boasts the guy behind you. You realize that he had stopped pumping and was relishing the feel of your orgasm, fully bottomed out within you. He has a hand holding your bound arms behind you, pulling you up against him. You feel a sharp slap across your ass cheek, casting a streak of pain into the fire of pleasure still raging within you. "That's a horny slut right there! Damn!" Another firm smack lands on your ass and you let out an audible whimper.
"She sucks dick like a pro, too!" exclaims the man who had just fucked your face and filled your belly with his seed. "Although... She did waste a lot of cum..." He trails off, lowering his gaze to the puddle of semen on the floor. "You're not purposefully wasting my delicious cream, are you, bitch?" You shake your head no, still trying to swallow down the rest of his thick load that splattered your throat. "Well you better lick it up then!" he commands. The strong grip on your arms is suddenly released and you collapse to your knees.
You try and ignore the shame of your position as you lean forward and begin lapping up the still-warm cum off of the ground. "That's a good slut. You slurp up all that fresh jizz and then tell me, 'thank you for the tasty cum, sir'," he instructs.
You feel a pang of embarrassment, but struggle to suppress how much this degrading act is turning you on. You finish swallowing the last of it and look up at your attacker. "Thank you for the tasty cum, sir," you repeat shakily.
"Tell us you love our big cocks and want to keep being a good slut for us," he added. You repeat the line with little hesitation. You tell yourself you have no choice, but deep down you're becoming increasingly aware of a dark desire to be degraded and used by these strange men. Your drenched pussy drools down your thighs as you silently accept your situation.
"Well I'm not even close to being done with this cunt," growls the rapist to your rear. You feel a coarse hand wrap around your throat, and he pulls you to your feet. You are forcibly dragged to the couch and thrown backwards over the rounded arm rest. You manage to bend your bound arms beneath you enough to prop yourself up on your elbows, while your lower back drapes over the curve of the furniture. Your legs dangle out freely for a moment, until your attacker grabs your thighs and positions himself between your legs. Your eyes fixate on the erect cock jutting out proudly over your pussy, still glistening with your juices.
The man starts lightly rubbing his bulbous head over your slick lips, gently grazing your clit as he slowly passes it up and down. You shiver with desire as he tortures your needy pussy.
"I bet you can't wait to get my huge cock stuffed back into you, eh, slut? Beg me for it," he orders.
"Ugh... Please..."
"Please, what?" He circles your clit carefully.
"Please fuck me with your fat cock! I need you to stuff my tight pussy!" you plead. You can't believe the words coming out of your mouth. Mere minutes ago you were just going about your day, and now you were tied up and begging this disgusting man to continue raping you. You feel like such a depraved slut, but you can't ignore how horny you are. Your assailant grins at your request, but says nothing and continues to lazily trace your slit with his throbbing head. The teasing is beginning to drive you crazy. Your thoughts are becoming consumed by the need to be filled. "PLEASE! I NEEEEED IT! USE ME! FUCK ME HOWEVER YOU WANT! JUST PUT IT IN MEEEE!" you cry out. Your pussy is aching uncontrollably and you desperately buck your hips to try and catch his cock in your soaked folds.
Without warning, the hard dick plunges into you and the man's public bone slams against your clit. You gasp as the force of his thrust ripples through your body. After a moment to savor your warm cunt, he quickly withdraws completely and slaps your clit with his meaty cock head. He then thrusts back into you with the same overwhelming force as before. Your eyes roll back as you feel another orgasm consume you. You wrap your legs around him and pull him in even harder, while your thighs quiver against him. He slips his thumb in between your slick bodies and starts firmly rubbing your clit. You scream as you begin writhing beneath him, completely engulfed by the most powerful orgasm you've ever felt. He roughly pulls your thighs apart and begins pumping his fat cock in and out of you, prolonging your unbelievably intense climax for longer than you thought possible. Your brain becomes cloudy as the waves of pleasure persist, and you start feeling as if your entire body is weightless.
Just then you feel a warm, spongy object being pushed against your lips. Your eyes flutter open to see one of the other men positioning his meat to abuse your mouth again. Before you can react, he swipes his hand across your cheek, striking your tender flesh. "You are our slut now, girl," he states as his hand wraps around your throat. "Do you like being our little fuck doll?" he inquires, while steadily increasing his grip on your throat. You nod your head. "Say it, cunt!" he demands, threatening to cut off your air supply with his ceaseless squeezing.
"I like-" you cough as you struggle to get the words out through his vice grip. "I love being your... mmmph... little fuck doll," you say weakly. Your voice trembles as your lower half is still being harshly fucked by the other assailant. The towering figure before you grunts in approval and moves his hand to the back of your head, shoving his hard prick into your mouth.
"Ugh! I could get used to your wet little mouth. You're going to look forward to servicing me whenever I ask for it, aren't you, bitch?"
"Mmmpfff hmmmm," you do your best to comply through your stuffed mouth.
"That's what I like to hear, slut," he grumbles as he slides his massive organ out of you and into his hand. "You're going to get reeeaal acquainted with this big dick here," he mutters while sliding his slimy cock all over your face. He then grasps your jaw and shoves his face into yours. He thrusts his tongue into your mouth and sloppily kisses you. You return his kiss allowing your own tongue to explore his freely. Not only are you feeling like a dirty slut for enjoying this assault on your body, but now you are passionately making out with this nasty pig. He withdraws his tongue, biting your lower lip on his way out, and slowly pushes his cock back into you. You eagerly bathe his bloated head with your tongue, enjoying the warmth of it and the brief moment of gentleness.
You realize that the man pumping his cock in and out of your pussy has slowed too now, carefully grinding his hips in a circular motion and stimulating you from several angles. You close your eyes and revel in the sudden calmness. It feels so fucking good - the contrast between the brutal, raw fucking you just endured, and the tender sex that the three of you were now connected in. Your senses narrow, and you find your mind able to fully focus on the warm, pulsating cocks sliding in and out of your holes. You feel another orgasm building deep within you as the men begin to steadily increase their pace.
"I'm gonna cum so hard in this horny bitch," announces the man between your legs.
"I can't wait to cover this cocksucker's pretty face with my sperm," says the face-fucker.
You moan as they start getting rougher with you again. Your hips are squeezed and tugged at as they are pulled up to meet your rapist's powerful thrusts. Your hair is pulled back and forth as the other uses your face to jerk off his dick. The men begin grunting furiously, beads of their sweat dripping onto your body. The heat from your pussy begins emanating throughout you. You are so close. You can't help but squeal in pleasure. Uncontrollable, muffled sounds escape your throat and fill the room. Suddenly, the throbbing cock buries itself deep into your cunt and you feel it swell. It twitches and you feel a heavy splash of warm cum coat your insides. The man hoarsely groans as he spurts globs of hot seed in your unprotected pussy. Your orgasm hits and your back arches as your body explodes with jolts of pleasure. Your cunt squeezes and milks the cum out of the spurting dick within you. You moan in ecstasy through your cock-filled mouth. The pressure in your vagina is considerable now, and you can feel the fresh spunk in you pushing against its walls in the little space that could be made around that fat cock. Your fertile womb is being invaded with the enormous, potent load of this stranger.
Suddenly, your mouth is emptied and you feel a hot, sticky goo land along the bridge of your nose and on your forehead. You look up to see the guy stroking his shaft as another thick rope of cum streams across your cheek. Several more strands of his semen shoot onto your face, your lips now covered, and drips of it hang from your chin. You then feel a heavy splash on your chest, and turn to see the third man, on the other side of the couch, pumping his cock with his fist. He unloads too, splattering your tits and stomach with his creamy release. The softening dick in your pussy finally plops out, and you feel a flood of semen and sex juices leak out of your freshly fucked hole, pooling onto the couch and trickling down your ass.
"Oh my fucking God, you guys..." You enjoy a deep breath, your intense orgasm finally fading away and leaving you with an immensely satisfied feeling. You feel the copious amount of cum slowly trickling along your flesh. You are absolutely covered in it. You feel like such a filthy whore; a thoroughly used collection of tight holes. The unbelievable pleasure they had forced onto you left you bewildered. You loved it. The feeling of losing all control and giving up the claim to your own body was too fucking good.
"Holy fuck! Can you believe this sexy cum slut?"
"She looks even hotter completely covered in all our spunk. She wears it well."
"Agreed. This whore was built for this. She's our own personal cum dump now."
As the men began shuffling around and pulling on their clothes you lay there basking in the pleasant afterglow of your multiple orgasms. As much as you enjoyed the encounter, it would be nice to take a steamy shower and feel clean again. They were dirty men, after all. "So dirty..." You chuckle to yourself. Then you feel a rag clamp down over your face. You gasp for air and try to turn away but the grip is too strong. An unfamiliar chemical smell fills your nostrils as your vision darkens.
***
Your eyes open slowly and you feel the warm sun on your face. You become aware of a soreness in your pussy, and your wrists ache. You hear the gentle hum of an engine and feel your breasts gently bounce as you are jostled against the leather you detect beneath you. You wonder where you are, and why you feel naked. Your vision returns and you find yourself looking up through a window. Trees whiz in and out of sight as you realize you're in a moving vehicle. You try and move your arms but find that your wrists are tightly bound behind you. That's when the memories come flooding back. You were assaulted and used by three strange gardeners... and you actually liked it. But where the fuck are you now? You turn your head and gather that you are in the back of a truck, but you're laying on your side and can't see anyone else. You notice your ankles are bound as well and your skin is covered in dry cum. You are lying on your side and your vision is blocked by the seat in front of you. You try and wiggle your body to slide across the seat and confirm your suspicions when you hear an all too familiar gruff voice.
"Hey, the slut's finally awake!"
"We should've covered her, or at least gagged her, man. This isn't chill."
"Nahhh, she won't try anything. She's our fuck toy now, and she knows it. It's what she wants."
"Yeah, I guess so... damn, I can't believe how slutty this bitch is. We hit the jackpot dude. I can't wait to use her again when we get home."
"I flooded her pussy. It's probably still leaking out of her now."
"Hopefully she's down with her new spot. Don't want her trying to escape or anything."
"We're not gonna give her that chance."
"As long as I get to fuck her whenever I want, who cares what she thinks."
You feel a wetness rapidly spreading in your pussy as they openly discuss their depraved plans for you. A conflicted mix of panic and excitement course through you as you wonder what's to come.