Desire Resort: Best Vacation Ever
by JazmanTestifyin
The flight from the UK to Mexico was long but uneventful. As the plane touched down,Prudence and Trevorgathered their belongings to deboard. For months, they had been planning their trip to Desire Resort near Cancun withGreg andJulie, a couple from the States.
As Prudence and Trevor were fond of saying, they normally "holiday in France, but Yanks don't get much time off from work." Trevor is a bank president and has an accent that denotes he grew up and was educated in the wealthier suburbs of London.
Prudence is 35 years old, with shoulder-length blonde hair, green eyes, and the smile of a model. She's about five feet, ten inches tall and has a swimmer's body. Her daily regimen of 40 laps in the pool and being a personal trainer to the rich and famous have made her very trim and fit. She has wonderfully muscular thighs that most men would welcome wrapped around their waists.
Prudence has champagne-glass-size breasts that seem to defy gravity. As a result, she neither needs nor typically wears a bra. For that matter, she rarely wears panties either.
Trevor turned 50 on his most recent birthday. He has salt and pepper hair, is in good shape, and is an inch or so taller than Prudence.Prudence and Trevorhave been married for five years.
While Trevor's accent made him sound like a member of Parliament, Prudence's accent sounded like that of one of the Spice Girls.
Prudence is the very definition of an exhibitionist. She is quite proud of her body and likes to display it whenever possible. Although people have wondered whether Prudence is a natural blonde, there is no way of knowing as she had every bit of pubic hair lasered off.
Two and a half hours after their plane landed,Prudence and Trevorstretched out in the buff on chaises next to the pool at the resort. They tanned and ordered drinks as they waited forGreg and Julieto arrive. Desire bills itself as a clothing "optional" resort, but around the pool, nearly 100 percent of the guests opt not to wear clothing.
Desire is also a lifestyle resort, meaning that it is designed for swingers, but some guests are simply nudists. Prudence, Trevor, Greg, and Julie seemed to straddle the line between the two categories. The couples had met a few years prior at Hedonism II, a clothing optional lifestyle resort in Jamaica.
Because they lived on different continents, the couples stayed in touch mainly by video chats and direct messaging. The hope was that on this trip, they would let loose, cross the line, and at least soft swap with others even if not with each other. Prior to this trip to Desire, Greg had proposed that the three rules for the vacation be (1) drink heavily, (2) regret nothing, and (3) oral sex doesn't count.
As Prudence and Trevor sipped their drinks by the pool, they saw the other couple arrive. The Yanks had just checked in, but their room was not quite ready. So, they were fully dressed -- Julie was wearing a yellow knee length sun dress and Greg was wearing jeans and a golf shirt.
Greg and Julie are African Americans from Detroit, Michigan. Julie is a computer analyst and Greg is in commercial real estate. They are in their late forties but look a decade younger. They refer to Prudence as "the youngster". The couples get along well. Greg and Prudence alternate between taking playful jabs at one another and over-the-top flirting with inappropriate touching.
Julie is five feet, eight inches. She has dark brown skin and long dark hair. She is thin and has C-cup breasts and a great ass. Greg is about 5 feet 10 inches tall and 180 lbs. Because he has very light skin and light brown hair, he often is mistaken for a race other than black.
Trevor waved to Julie and Greg, who walked over. The couples hugged and exchanged pleasantries. Julie would never let the unreadiness of a room keep her from being naked. When on vacation, she is as much of an exhibitionist as Prudence. Julie grabbed the bottom of her sun dress and pulled it straight up, over her head, and off. Julie had not worn any undergarment with the expectation that she would do just that when she got to the resort. With that one motion, Julie went from fully dressed to nude.
Julie had allowed Greg to get creative with her public hair trimming. At first glance, it appeared to be a landing strip. As Trevor looked closer, he observed that the hair was carefully shaved into the shape of an arrow that pointed directly at Julie's pussy.
"Is that just in case someone gets lost trying to find your fanny?" Trevor jested.
Julie looked confused.
Prudence explained to Julie, "He means your vagina." Prudence then joked, "Trevor, you have to remember, they don't speak English. They speak American."
Greg quipped back, "And if it weren't for Americans in World War II, you'd be speaking German now."
Prudence quickly responded, "Would it make a difference? You don't know how to speak that language either."
"Touché. Or in your case, tushy," Greg said, then smiled and squeezed Prudence's toned ass.
Out of the corner of her eye, Julie noticed her and Greg's luggage being taken to their room. "That looks like our stuff. We'll go to the room and get settled in. Meet you upstairs at the hot tub around 4:00?" Julie said.
Julie and Greg entered their room and unpacked. Julie was already naked. Greg joined her. They showered together. Greg washed Julie and she, in turn, washed him. Based upon the amount of time and energy Greg spent soaping them, Julie should have had the cleanest tits and ass at Desire. Similarly, Julie spent her time polishing Greg's cock. Knowing that they had just arrived and hopefully there were many sexual adventures to be had, Julie made sure not to make him cum yet.
They got out of the shower and dried each other, and Greg put on cologne. Wearing only flip-flops, they headed to the hot tub a little after 4:00 p.m. This is a time at the resort when there are little, if any, scheduled activities.
The rooftop hot tub is the size of a swimming pool and has a bar perfect for body shots. Shortly after 4:00, it fills up with nude guests. Desire does not prohibit public sex at the hot tub. And because of the open layout, it is the perfect place to watch others and be watched.
Julie and Greg located the Brits who were seated in a corner of the giant hot tub. Greg sat next to Prudence, whileJuliechose to stand and face the other three. One of the best things about being at a clothing optional resort is lively conversation with naked people. The four talked and laughed for some time. In response to curiosity from Julie, Trevor told the story of how he and Prudence met.
Trevor met Prudence when she was 28 and he was 43. Their friends set them up. On their first date, Prudence, as was and is her habit, wore a see-through blouse with no bra. Trevor found Prudence so intelligent and bubbly that, although he looked more than once at her erect nipples, he spent most of the night looking into her emerald eyes. By the end of the first evening, Trevor was in love. Two years after meeting,Prudence and Trevorwere married.
When Trevor finished telling the story of his and Prudence's whirlwind romance, he saw that Greg was suckling on Prudence's right breast. Trevor gave Prudence an inquisitive look to which she responded, "He has an extraordinarily short attention span.He got bored during your story, and it was all I could think of to keep him occupied."
Greg raised his head and said, "Yeah, dude, I'm an American. Unless the story has lots of sex, a talking animal, or cars that are fast and/or furious, I'm probably going to space out during it."
"Dear, I know. Tell them about the one and only time we had sex with another couple," Prudence suggested to Trevor.
"Alright," agreed Trevor. He looked at the other couple and said, "Coincidentally, it also took place at a hot tub although obviously not nearly as big as this one."
"Remember when you're telling the story, there is no such thing as too graphic," Greg said.
Julie chimed in, "And they're not kidding about his attention span. If somebody isn't naked within the first minute of this story, trust me, the youngster's nipples are going right back in his mouth."
"Fine, I'll tell the story ... and spare no details," Trevor said.
Shortly after their first anniversary, Trevor and Prudence found themselves on an evening out with another married couple, Richard and Emma. The other couple suggested that Prudence and Trevor finish the evening with cake at the couple's home 30 minutes outside of London. Once there, Richard suggested that they all get in the couple's hot tub.
Because they had not expected to need bathing suits, Prudence and Trevor would need to borrow proper attire from the other couple. Trevor was roughly the same size as Richard and easily fit his trunks. Trevor and Richard soaked in the four-person aboveground hot tub in the back yard for a few minutes before Emma and Prudence exited the house.
Emma is a shapely long-haired brunette with fair skin and brown eyes. She walked across the patio to the hot tub wearing a sexy one-piece black swimsuit that showed a lot of cleavage. Trevor watched as Emma's D-cups jiggled beneath the thin material. She climbed in and sat down. Because Emma was only about 5 feet 3 inches, the water came above her breasts.
Everyone's eyes widened as Prudence followed 30 seconds later completely nude. Though the host couple was surprised, Trevor was used to this type of free spirit behavior from Prudence.
"Darling, what are you doing?" asked Trevor.
"Well, Emma is not nearly as tall and is much bustier than I," she explained, "so nothing fit properly or was flattering. And, you know my rule: if you can't dress well . . ."
"Don't dress at all," said Trevor finishing his wife's sentence. "I fully agree."
As Prudence got closer, Richard could not take his eyes off her body. His attention did not go unnoticed by his wife Emma.
Prudence deliberately faced Richard as she put one leg over the edge of the tub to enter. Her legs parted as she stepped in. Richard's eyes were immediately drawn to Prudence's nether regions. Upon seeing a hint of pink, Richard let out a whispered, but distinct "Whoa!" It was obvious from his immediate embarrassment that this was an internal monologue that had escaped him.
When Prudence sat down, the waterline stopped right above her nipples such that whenever she moved slightly, her hard nipples popped above the surface of the water. For ten minutes of conversation, Richard did a terrible job of hiding the fact that he repeatedly stared at Prudence's tits and through the water to her lower half. Indeed, it was such a poor effort that Emma began to get perturbed and said to him, "Live performances aren't free, dear. If you're going to keep steeling looks at Trevor's wife, we really should pay him for the production."
The hostess then stood and pulled the straps of her one-piece off her shoulders and let the straps drop, exposing her large wet bare breasts. "Trevor, is that adequate payment for my husband's leering?"
Feeling mischievous, Trevor responded, "Well although obviously I appreciate the sight of your magnificent breasts, technically, Richard saw Prudence's undercarriage as well."
Feeling cheeky herself, and hearing no objection from her husband, Emma stepped upand stood on the seat of the hot tub so that most of her person was out of the water.She then began peeling the remainder of her swimsuit down her body. Unlike Richard, Trevor did not try to hide the fact that he was watching intently as another man's wife exposed herself.
Once Emma's swimsuit was below her hips, Trevor saw her dark bush which was neatly trimmed into a triangle above her slit, while the rest of her special place was shaved clean. Emma stepped out of the suit and threw it on the ground outside the tub. To ensure that Trevor received the entire show, she then slowly turned 360 degrees, making sure that he got a good view of her round bottom. When her twirl was completed, Emma sat her nude body back in the water next to Prudence.
Deciding to up the ante, Prudence, then said, "Alright, gents, fair is fair. Let's see what's doing under those bathing trunks. Get them off."
Without hesitation, the two men rose to their feet. As they placed their hands on the waistbands of their trunks, Emma stopped them and said, "No, no. We girls deserve a good look at your naughty bits."
Both men then stood on the seat of the hot tub across from the women. The men hooked their thumbs under their waistbands and simultaneously pushed down their trunks and took them off. By then, both men were sporting erections.
Things were moving very fast. None of them had started the evening with the agenda to see the others naked. Yet here they were. "So, what now?" asked Trevor genuinely having no idea what to do next.
Thinking quickly, Prudence responded, "Now, you two sit on the edge of the tub."
The men did as instructed and sat on the edge with their feet and calves still in the water. Their hard-ons were pointing at the sky. Prudence took the other nude woman by the hand and led her the couple of steps across the hot tub until they were directly in front of their respective husbands. Prudence whispered something in the hostess's ear, who turned, smiled, and nodded in response. Each woman then dropped her head and took her husband's erect cock into her mouth.
In turn, each husband was excited by what his wife was doing to him and by watching the other woman suck the dick of the man next to him. For the rest of his days, Trevor would retain the memory of the side-by-side blow jobs.
Over the next four or five minutes, the husbands watched as their wives' heads bobbed up and down. When Prudence heard Trevor beginning to make the noises that indicated his impending climax, she stopped what she was doing and tapped Emma on the shoulder, who then stopped her actions as well.
"You lads need to slow down. This is not a race, and there is no ribbon for finishing first," Prudence said.
"I'm holding back as much as I can," said Richard, "But this is like watching a live sex show but with audience participation."
Trevoradded, "It's true, dear. Watching you two lovely ladies is quite a thrill."
Emma then suggested, "Well, then shut your eyes."
"Agreed," said Prudence, "shut your eyes."
"But -- ," said Richard.
"No buts," scolded Prudence, "As long as your eyes are open, our mouths are closed."
Both men immediately closed their eyes. Ten seconds later, each of them again felt the warmth of a mouth enveloping his cock. After enjoying the resumption of oral sex for a few minutes, each felt a tapping on his thigh to get his attention. Trevor opened his eyes to see that the ladies had changed places and swapped duties as it were.
Although nothing of the sort had been discussed by him and Prudence prior to this, Trevor watched as Prudence used both hands to stroke the shaft of his friend's rod while sucking the head. The fact that Trevor felt no jealously surprised him even more than the sight of his wife inhaling his friend's cock. Trevor amazed himself with just how okay he was with the entire situation. Devoid of any negative feelings, Trevor was free to enjoy the sensation of his own tool being halfway down the throat of his friend's wife.
When Richardopened his eyes, he was instantly focused onPrudence, staring down at her as she took him in and out of mouth. Only after he watchedPrudencelick a drop of pre-cum from the tip of his member did he even notice that his own wife was deepthroating Trevor.
Prudence prided herself on her oral skills. She made her tongue flat and licked up and down Richard's shaft. After that, she pointed her tongue and rapidly flicked back and forth on the head of his cock.Then, for her signature move, she took Richard's balls into her mouth and sucked them as she jerked his saliva covered shaft. At that moment, he began to grunt, indicating he might be close to finishing.
Prudence removed her mouth and hands from Richard entirely. "Not just yet," Prudence admonished. Prudence thought "in for a penny, in for a pound." She turned to her husband who was still receiving head from Emma. "Trevor, is it alright if our gracious host rogers me?"
As were most things that happened in the last 20 minutes, Prudence's request for Trevor's permission to have sex with another man was unexpected. This definitely was not where anyone had expected the night to lead. In fact, the topic had never been broached before by either couple. More startling than the request was the fact that the question did not upset Trevor.
Trevor answered, "Lovey, if you and everyone else are fine with it, so am I."
Prudence then said to Emma, whose mouth was still servicing Trevor, "I can tell by how hard Richard is right now that he's game for it. But what do you have to say about it? Do you mind if I borrow your husband?"
After removing Trevor's unit from her mouth, Emma responded, "As long as I get a go at Trevor."
Hearing that, Prudenceturned her back to Richard and walked the two steps to the other side of the hot tub. She spread her legs, bent at the waste, and braced her hands on the edge of the tub. She waited for Richard's cock to slide into her.
To her surprise, rather than immediately ploughing Prudence, Richard began eating her pussy from behind. He licked slowly up her slit while holding her ass cheeks apart with both hands. He went to work on her clit, making sure that it was thoroughly stimulated. Once Prudence's pussy was wet, Richard began tongue fucking her, pushing his tongue deep into her snatch.
When Prudence started to moan, Richard stood upright, and drove his cock into Prudence's waiting lady business. He grabbed her hips pumped forcefully in and out of her.
To the right of Prudence and Richard, Emma sat on the seat of the tub, facing Trevor with her legs spread apart and her arms around his neck. Most of her body was still submerged. Trevor was on his knees on the floor of the hot tub. Their crotches were aligned. Trevor's stiff member pressed against the lips to Emma's vertical smile, then entered. Trevor started a slow, methodical piston motion. The pace allowed Emma to savor every moment of the sexual act.
By contrast, Prudence was being pounded hard and fast from behind. Her only verbal reaction was to tell Richard, "Harder." The night air was soon filled with the sound of Richard's pelvis slamming into Prudence's wet ass. It did not take long for Prudence to orgasm and for her host to spill his seed in her.
Prudence then excused herself to the bathroom to freshen up. Richard remained in the hot tub. As his manhood began to deflate, he now found himself watching as another man was screwing his wife. And she was loving it.
Occasionally, Trevor would pick up the pace and the force of his thrusts, then slow down. It was obvious from her intermittent moans followed by silence that she was having multiple orgasms. The session ended when Trevor's entire body tensed up and he shot his spunk deep into his hostess. As he held himself in place, she had one final orgasm and exclaimed "Oh fuck!"
Prudence had observed the finale of her husband's sex session as she exited the house. She kept silent until Trevor and the other woman were finished. Prudence smiled and said, "This has all been perfectly lovely, but I believe you said something about cake." They all laughed then adjourned to the kitchen where they sat naked and, as promised, ate cake.
Trevor finished telling the story by explaining that jealousy is caused by possessiveness, insecurity, and the fear that your spouse might prefer another lover to you. But Trevor had never had any such fears regarding Prudence. Nor had Prudence had such feelings regarding Trevor. They understood that possessions are things, not people. He and Prudence both knew that neither of them could ever lose the other and that, regardless of any physical act, neither would ever prefer anyone else.
Having ended his anecdote, Trevor looked at Julie, Greg, and Prudence and said, "Well I see my wife isn't being molested so I assume this story was more to Greg's liking."
Greg replied, "Yeah, it had everything. A full swap. I found out the youngster likes getting railed from behind. I learned what 'roger' means. I'm satisfied. Although I do kinda want cake now."
"Was the story true?" asked Julie.
"Absolutely," answered Prudence.
"So, Trevor can't tell the difference between you sucking his dick and someone else doing it?"
"What?" said Trevor.
Julie answered, "Your only time with another couple. When your eyes were closed, the other woman --"
"Emma," Trevor helped.
"Yeah. When your eyes were closed and Emma was going down on you, you thought it was Prudence. You can't tell the difference," Julie explained.
"She's right!" exclaimed Prudence. "I never thought about it before, but to you, my mouth is like anyone else's. I think I'm insulted."
"Darling, I don't think my or any other bloke'sJohn Thomasis smart enough to distinguish between two mouths when he can't see," said Trevor.
"John Thomas?" asked Greg.
"Cock," Prudence and Trevor replied in unison.
"Well, I know that, even if I were blindfolded, I could pick your todger out of a lineup," Prudence said.
"Todger?" asked Julie.
"Cock," Prudence and Trevor again replied in unison.
Trevor said, "Lovey, you know I adore you, but I think you are overestimating yourself. It's also purely theoretical. There is simply no way to verify you're correct."
Greg spoke up, "Actually, we could blindfold Prudence. I get a lineup of guys from around the hot tub. Prudence gives each one head for a short amount of time. At the end, she tells us which one was you."
Trevor glared at Greg and said, "You can't sit through a five-minute story, but in figuring out how to get my wife to suck off a bevy of men, you're a savant."
"Regardless. Sounds fair. Or my husband could concede that I'm right and he's wrong," said Prudence, daring Trevor not to agree.
"Well, there shan't be any concession without proof," Trevor said with a smile, "So, someone should get a blindfold."
"I'm on it," said Julie.
A few minutes later, Julie was blindfolding Prudence with a sleep mask that Julie had retrieved from her room. Greg had gone around the hot tub and found four men whose wives were agreeable to having their husbands' dicks sucked by a stranger in front of everyone. At Desire, the search didn't take long.
As the men stood shoulder to shoulder, Trevor whispered in Prudence's ear, "Last chance to back out."
"And admit you were right? Never," Prudence said, "And what's the third rule of this holiday?"
Trevor, Julie, Greg and Prudence said simultaneously, "Oral sex doesn't count."
Julie led a sightless Prudence gently by the arm and positioned her in front of the first man. She continued holding Prudence's arm while Greg explained the rules to everyone at the hot tub.
Greg announced at a volume loud enough for all to hear, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is Prudence. If you think you'll call her Prude for short, you won't for long." The crowd laughed. "In front of Prudence are eight men willing to make the extreme sacrifice of having a beautiful woman suck their cocks. Here are the rules. The men will be identified only by number. The lovely Prudence will, for lack of a better term, squat in front of each man. The men will not speak or touch her. She may use her hands to touch only the man's cock. She will suck each cock for ... should it be 10 or 20 seconds?"
"20," the crowd yelled, then laughed again.
"Okay 20 seconds," Greg continued, "After she has surveyed all eight men, Prudence will have to tell us the number of the cock that belongs to her husband Trevor." Greg pointed at Trevor, and Trevor waved to the crowd.
Greg said, "Gentlemen who are about to get their dicks sucked by Trevor's wife, say 'Thank you, Trevor.'"
The four men said, "Thank you, Trevor."
Greg then said, "Now, say 'Thank you, Prudence' in advance for Prudence sucking your dick.
The four men said, "Thank you, Prudence."
With a wave of his hand, Greg announced, "Let the cock sucking begin."
Julie led Prudence in front of a nude swarthy man with dark curly hair, who appeared to be in his late thirties.He was about five feet, six inches tall and stocky.Julie said, "Number 1."
Prudence then squatted down. She reached her hands out and fumbled for his penis which was completely flaccid. Prudence brought the cock to her face, inhaled deeply through her nose, then opened her mouth and consumed the stranger's dick. She sucked hard and fast. Within five seconds, the man's member sprung to life. Once it was erect, Prudence slowed down her pace, and began an in and out motion. At the 20-seconds mark, Julie yelled, "Time."
Prudence stood and Julie led Prudence in front ofa naked man of Asian descent, who appeared to be at least 40. He was very thin, and his penis was semi-erect. Julie said, "Number 2."
Prudence squatted. Again, she reached her hands out and felt for the penis in front of her. She brought the cock to her face, took a deep breath through her nose, and gobbled the Asian man's member. She sucked hard and fast until it was stiff. She then slowed the pace and began her in and out motion. At the 20-seconds mark, Julie yelled, "Time."
Prudence stood and Julie led Prudence in front of Greg. Having watched his naked female friend suck the cocks of two strangers, Greg was already fully erect.Julie said, "Number 3."
Prudence squatted. Finding Greg's cock was not difficult. It was rock hard, and the tip brushed against Prudence's nose. Greg made sure not to utter a sound so as not to let on to Prudence that it was him. Prudence grabbed his cock and pressed the head to her lips, inhaled deeply through her nostrils, and began blowing her friend, as his wife stood next to her. The inside of her mouth was soft and felt like it was caressing Greg's cock. Because she did not have to get Greg's dick hard, Prudence was able to start at a relaxed pace. She took Greg's tool in and out of her mouth with a smooth and even rhythm until his wife yelled, "Time."
Number 4 looked to be 25 or 26 years old. He was a dark-skinned black man with dreadlocks, a mustache, and a goatee. His cock was only semi-erect when Prudence squatted naked in front of him. As she had done three times before that day, she found the cock, inhaled deeply threw her nose, and sucked aggressively to get this new stranger's pole to its full and upright position. Once his unit was engorged, Prudence got into her usual blow job rhythm. She performed oral sex on this unknown man until she heard Julie yell, "Time."
Prudence rose to her feet. Julie then escorted Prudence to the next man in line, and announced, "Number5."
Number 5 was a blonde, muscular, Nordic looking man in his mid-thirties. He was six feet, four inches tall, and had a massive schlong that measured more than 10 inches from tip to base. The large round head was already purple and swollen when Prudence squatted in front of him. She easily found the fully erect cock which was jutting from the man like a sturdy limb from a tree. She grasped it with both hands and immediately knew it was not her husband's. Prudence joked aloud, "Did someone bring their horse?" The crowd laughed, reminding a blindfolded Prudence that she was performing for a hot tub full of spectators.
Knowing for sure that this was not Trevor, Prudence dispensed with the routine she had followed before. Now, she was free to blow this unknown man just for the joy of it. She licked up and down the shaft multiple times. She then licked all around the bulbous head until it was covered with her saliva. Once his organ was sufficiently lubricated, Prudence opened her mouth wide and stuffed her face with as much of the gargantuan cock as would fit. Rather than starting her in and out rhythm, Prudence's lips created a tight seal around the dick in her mouth and she continuously circled the man's cockhead with her tongue until Julie yelled, "Time." Prudence gave the colossal dick a final kiss on the head and stood up.
Number 6 was Greg again. From the beginning, he had planned to have Prudence suck his dick more than once. It's why he said there were eight men when there were really only four strangers. Again, he was fully erect when a nude Prudence squatted in front of him, inhaled deeply, wrapped her lips around his tool, and began to blow him. The inside of her mouth felt like velvet as it enveloped his member for the second time that afternoon. This time, Greg made sure to appreciate the feel of Prudence's tongue as it massaged his cock head. Twenty seconds later, his wife again yelled, "Time."
Prudence stood. Although she could tell people were moving about, she did not know what was transpiring. Greg escorted Prudence to the next person and said, "Lucky Number 7."
Prudence squatted and reached out to take hold of Number 7's penis but couldn't find it. She heard the crowd laugh. She realized that the person in front of her had no penis because it was a woman. Greg had placedPrudencein front of Julie. Prudence then felt around Julie's pelvis a little more.
Prudence was not attracted to women, but she appreciated a good joke. In addition, she was the epitome of an exhibitionist. She was determined to catch and keep the attention of everyone watching. Prudence reached around Julie's body and grabbed her ass with both hands. She pulled Julie close to her and buried her face in Julie's crotch. Julie had never been with a woman and had gotten in line as Number 7 solely as a prank. Julie, however, was also an exhibitionist and decided to enjoy the attention she was receiving.
For Julie, the joking nature of the occurrence changed as Prudence began lapping at Julie's pussy. Julie could feel herself getting wet. Prudence also noticed that her friend's juices had begun to flow when the first taste hit Prudence's tongue. As Julie became more aroused, her labia opened like a flower blooming.
With the parting of Julie's pussy lips, Prudence tasted more and more of Julie's excitement. Up until then, the only lady juices Prudence had ever tasted were her own when she sucked them off Trevor's cock. Deciding to see how far she and Julie would take things, she plunged her tongue deep into Julie's honey pot. The invasion of her pussy caused Julie to exclaim, "Ooh!"
Sensing the effect she was having on Julie, Prudence decided to go all the way and make her friend orgasm in front of the crowd Prudence was sure was watching. Julie had been the timekeeper, but she was now totally consumed with having her pussy eaten. As a result, there was no one to yell "time" when 20 seconds had elapsed. Even blindfolded, Prudence's mouth found Julie's clit, and Prudence began to flick it with her tongue. Prudence then began to suck Julie's love bud using the same in and out rhythm she used to suck cock.
Prudence could tell by the way Julie was moaning and grinding her crotch into Prudence's face that Julie was close to climaxing. Prudence held tight onto Julie's ass, lightly digging her fingernails into Julie's flesh. Prudence alternated between gently nibbling then sucking on Julie's clit until she felt Julie's body tremble. Julie's moans changed into repeated cries of "Oh yes."
Julie grabbed the back of Prudence's head. She held Prudence's mouth to her pussy. Julie then had a powerful orgasm. In the afterglow, Julie released Prudence's head and yelled, "Time."
The audience applauded. Prudence stood. She then licked her lips which were wet with the proof of Julie's climax.
Still weak in the knees from her orgasm, Julie led Prudence in front of the final man, Trevor. Julie said, "And finally, Number 8." At this point, Trevor had watched his naked wife go down on five other men and eat out their female traveling companion. Adding excitement for Trevor was the fact that Prudence was doing it in front of an audience. Consequently, his cock was harder than steel when Prudence was placed in front of him.
Prudence again squatted. She reached out to locate the final penis. Once it was in her hands, as she had done before, she inhaled deeply through her nose. Because Trevor already had a full erection, Prudence quickly got into her rhythm of sliding his cock effortless in and out of her mouth. She sucked Trevor's dick until Julie yelled, "Time."
Greg then said, "So, which number was your husband?"
Rather than standing, Prudence said, "I have it narrowed down to two possibilities. I need to do a comparison between Number 8 and Number 6 again."
"No one is going to argue with that," said Greg, knowing that he was Number 6. Greg moved next to Trevor.
Julie said, "Number 6 and Number 8 are next to each other. Take all the time you need."
Prudence found Greg's erection with her left hand and took hold of Trevor's with her right. She then began going back and forth between them, giving head each man. When she wasn't sucking a cock, she was jerking it with her hand. Because there was no longer a timer, Prudence was free to give each tool a leisurely tongue bath. After a few minutes, Prudence could tell that each man was close to erupting.
Prudence then let go of Greg's member and turned her attention solely to Trevor's cock. She used both hands to jerk the shaft. Without warning, she engulfed Trevor's manhood entirely, taking it so deep that his balls were touching her chin. She held it there while licking the underside. She withdrew most of Trevor's hard-on from her mouth, but kept the lips wrapped around the top. Her hands made twisting motions on the shaft while she sucked furiously on the head.
Trevor tried to hold back, but he had reached the point of no return. Prudence continued to suck forcefully while rapidly moving her tongue. Seconds later, Trevor shot his load into Prudence's mouth. And Prudence swallowed every drop. Once she was certain Trevor was completely drained, she stood and licked her lips. Prudence threw her hands up in victory and exclaimed, "Tada!" When she heard the crowd cheer, she removed the blindfold, and jested, "Thanks folks. I'll be here all week."
The two couples returned to their spot in the corner of the enormous hot tub. Trevor, Julie and Prudence sat down in that order, while Greg stood and faced the other three. His cock was still semi-erect.
"Alright, I'm genuinely flummoxed. Tell us how you did it," Trevor said to Prudence.
Prudence explained to the group, "It was simple really. I've lived with Trevor long enough that I know his scent. With each man, I inhaled deeply and got a good whiff. So, I knew whether it was Trevor before I took any of the cocks in my mouth."
"So, you didn't really need to give head to anyone?" Julie asked.
Prudence replied, "True. But how often am I going to get to suck a row of cocks?"
Trevor responded, "Well, we're going to be here for another six days, so ... six?"
"What about the woman?" Julie asked.
"I assumed it was you and that Greg had put you up to it for a laugh. I was sure it was you when I felt the fuzzy arrow pointing at your lady parts. Then I decided to have some fun with you." Prudence said.
"Did you know I was one of the guys?" Greg asked.
"Technically, you were two of them," she said, "You were Numbers 3 and 6."
"How'd you know it was me?" Greg asked.
Prudence joked, "I'd say it's because you're wearing more perfume than a French whore, but that would be an insult to both the French and to whores."
Defending himself weakly, Greg said, "It's a unisex fragrance, and it spilled while I was putting it on."
"Regardless, I must say, Lovey, your performance was quite impressive. Well done," Trevor said to Prudence.
"Thank you," said Prudence. She continued, "Although it was my pleasure, I must note that I have now serviced each of you to completion. By my calculation, each one of you owes me a very public orgasm. And mark my words, I plan to collect before the end of this holiday."
Julie replied, "To be honest, going down on a woman was not on my to do list on vacation. That said, it's impolite not to return the favor. And you earned it. So, you name the place and the time, and I will happily to grin in the groove."
Greg pointed out to Prudence, "I hate to be that guy, but although you serviced me -- "
"Thrice," interrupted Prudence.
"Yes, three times. But technically it was not to completion," Greg stated, "I'm just saying."
"Are you going to pout?" Trevor said to Greg.
Greg replied, "If it will get your naked bride to finish me off, I'm willing to cry."
Prudence reached out and pulled Greg to her by his semi-hard cock, while saying, "Oh, come here, you big baby. You're very lucky that I like you."
Prudence then put Greg's member into her mouth and, as before, began to suck briskly and with much fervor. However, unlike before, once Greg was fully erect, Prudence did not slow her pace. Instead, she sped up. In addition to vigorously sucking Greg's dick, she rapidly jacked the shaft with her right hand while cupping his balls with her left.
Greg breathed heavily. His turgid cock was throbbing. The excitement built inside of him and he craved release to the point that it was beginning to hurt. Greg was two seconds from exploding in Prudence's mouth when she abruptly removed his phallus, and said, "Wait, it just occurred to me. I have leverage."
"What!?!" Greg said in frustration.
"It just seems to me," Prudence said while holding Greg's pulsing cock, "that this is the best time to negotiate."
Greg laughed said, "Oh, you SUCK so bad!"
"No, I think you're missing the point. I suck so good. But I won't suck at all until we reach a deal," Prudence said while teasing Greg.
At this point Greg was willing to agree to anything. "Okay, what do you want?" he said.
"You get yours now, and you owe me two in return," she offered with a smile.
"Deal," he agreed.
Prudence then returned to sucking off Greg with a fast-paced juicy blow job. Her tongue licked enthusiastically around the head and shaft. She transitioned to her signature move of sucking balls while jerking the spit covered shaft. Greg's breathing became heavy. He warnedPrudencethat he was about to pop his cork.
Prudence quickly put Greg's dick back in her mouth. As soon as Greg felt Prudence's lips encircle his pole, he let loose powerful streams of cum down her throat. As he did, he let out a very loud "Oh!"
For her part, Prudence kept sucking throughout Greg's climax. She didn't let his cock leave her mouth until she was certain she had devoured every bit of his seed. It was then that they heard another round of applause from a crowd of naked people in the enormous hot tub. Prudence unknowingly had put on yet another pornographic show for the resort guests.
While his heartrate was still elevated from the epic blow job he had just received, Greg saw that Trevor had his arm around Julie and was sucking on one of her nipples. When Trevor noticed Greg watching, Trevor let loose the nipple and said in jest, "I hope this is okay. I got bored, and this was all I could think of to keep myself occupied."
Greg responded, "It's okay by me."
Julie began to laugh and said, "I just realized something."
"What?" Prudence asked.
"This is just our first day," Julie said, "It's been less than six hours. At this pace, what's the rest of our time here going to be like?"
Greg answered, "Best. Vacation. Ever."