I am not a writer, there will probably be grammar issues.
Themes of raceplay, wmaf, ntr, taboo
WMAF Acceptance continued, and pretty short
--------
I swiped to answer the call. First thing I heard was soft moans, and the sound of wet flesh slapping against each other echoed in the room. There was still muffled music blaring in the background.
I knew exactly what was happening. I licked my hand and began furiously beating my dick. It was slimy from my thick saliva and sounded as clear as the Big White Cock pushing into my sister's tight yellow pussy. Surely Cindy was able to hear my end as well.
"Hello?" I said after nothing was said trying to sound as calm as I could.my hand easing up on the initial speedy strokes.
"Hi Leonard... Mmmnnn! Thanks for the birthday wishes! Ohhhhh! Did you already leave the party?" Cindy said, sounding out of breath and obviously getting fucked. My hand began picking up pace hearing her trying tp hold her moans.
"Yeah I left, I was getting tired." I said back to her with a nervous laugh, trying to act casual.
"Oh that's too bad. Ahh! The party was just getting good!" She said back.
"Yeah. Sorry I couldn't stay longer."
"Ahhhhh!" I heard her say before her phone fumbled around until silence.
"Cindy!" I asked, worried and wondering.
Then after a short silence, Slap! Slap! Slap! Again rhythmic sound of fucking contusing even harder. Then followed by wet slurps and gagging gulps. Two men grunting and breathing hard. I again re coated my dick with saliva and slowly edged myself.
Pop! "Sorry brother..." she said out of breath and *Gluck! Gluck! Gluck!* then a hard relief of breath. "I'm okay! Oh! Oh! Oh! Just got caught off guard."
"Hey Cindy?..." I hesitantly asked, letting those words linger. "Should I ask?" I thought to myself. No going back if I do it, and there probably was no turning back at this point. "What should I do? How should I do it?"
"Mmmmmmm! Yes brother?" she asked as innocent as ever. I imagined a smile across her face.
Damn the consequences, this is the best feeling I ever had! This erotic high was the greatest feeling ever. I just went ahead and said it. "Should we Facetime Cindy?"
There was a pause as though she was thinking about it. The fucking still continued while she kept silent in thought. Then she snapped out of it. "I don't think... Ohhh! Oh! ...that's a good idea right now... Leonard." She said crushing me, but to my relief. It may have been too much.
"Oh. Okay. Cindy" I said disappointed, but still as excited as I have ever been in my life.
"Hey Leonard?..." she said in the same lingering tone I had to her. I felt the tables turned.
"Yes Sister? I replied back to her, hardly ever calling her "sister."
"Can you, *moans* sing happy birthday to me?" she requested. Cindy turned her phone to speaker phone, and the sounds were now as clear as ever. It was clear both were now inside her holes, rhythmically timed perfectly as the both thrusted in unison to a combined loud slapping slapping sounds.
I coated my hand and dick with more saliva and simply said, "Okay." My hand motion matching the speed of the two cocks fucking my sister. Out of breath I began to sing her happy birthday song.
♪"Happy birthday to you!"♪
"Oh fuck yeah! Give it to me! Give those two Big fat White Cocks!" she said as they grunted and slammed into her harder than before.
♪"Happy birthday to you!"♪
"Yes Daddy! I love Big White Cocks!"
♪"Happy birthday Cindy!"♪
"Cum! Please cum for this pretty little Asian slut! Please Daddy!" She screamed. The grunts became more animalistic and fucking even harder
♪"Happy birthday to you"♪
"Ohhhh Fuck yes!! Fill my pretty little Asian holes!"
"Uhnnnnggg!!" Both men groaned with each shot of White cum filling my sister's pussy and ass.
"Ohhhhh Yes! Yes! Yes! I love Big White Cocks! Mmmmmm! Happy birthday to me!"
"Thank you Leonard!" Cindy said, clear through the phone, hanging up immediately after.
"My sister just got FUCKed by two BIG WHITE COCKs!" I said aloud before I shot my biggest load ever seconds after her hanging up. Imagining Cindy getting fucked in front me with two big White studs. She showed no shame just lust and knowing I was watching made sure she got the best fuck out of the two White men.
--------
I had wanted to write a sort of chose your own adventure kind of thing, but that seemed too much for me to do. Hope this is a worthy conclusion. Maybe I will continue this story, who knows.