I want to thank my editor Naughty_Noreen for her edits. I appreciate everyone's comments and suggestions. Please note that I have recently rewritten my past stories with the help of editors like Naughty_Noreen. If you liked them before, I think you will like them even more now, and if you like this story, I think you might enjoy reading my others as well.
If you like this story, please provide positive feedback, and I will write more.
======
We are in a dance club in Chicago, and it is a Thursday. You are wearing something sexy, tight and revealing. We have just finished slow dancing, and we leave the dance floor to get something to drink. We are shamelessly kissing at the table. As we kiss, I am rubbing your leg under the tablecloth, caressing your upper thigh with my hand. I feel your warm flesh.
A couple at the next table to our left appears to be watching us. You giggle as you notice them staring.
I whisper in your ear, "I think you have admirers."
Embolden by the alcohol you spread your legs revealing that you have no panties under your short skirt.
The man smiles and lifts his glass as if to toast us both. His partner licks her lips slightly.
I whisper in your ear, "I am sure he is toasting me."
We turn back to look at each other and lose ourselves in conversation. We are discussing our sexual intentions for later this evening.
The waiter comes over to our table with two more drinks for us. He says, "Compliments of the gentleman over there." He indicates with a gesture to our two admirers.
We both mouth back "Thank you," to our neighbors, and raise our newly filled glasses.
A few minutes later the gentleman comes over to our table. He is about fifty-eight, average height and weight. He has dark hair, slightly graying at the temples. He is nicely dressed in an expensive European navy suit.
He smiles and introduces himself. His name is David and asks you if you want to dance. I look over at you, smile, and we exchange glances. "Would you like to?" I ask.
You smile back, "Would you mind?"
I smile, "Of course not. Have fun."
You adjust your skirt and head to the dance floor. I observe your sexy ass as you walk away.
David's wife moves to our table and sits down next to me. I guess she is in her mid-50s, long blonde hair, thin and with a small chest. She is attractive for her age but not as sexy as you are. She tells me her name is Carol. The waiter comes over, and I buy a round of drinks for the two of us. We watch you and David on the dance floor. You are slow dancing with our new friend and smile at me as he grinds himself against you.
A little while later he has his hands behind you holding your ass, and you wink at me.We have really enjoyed our drinks this evening,I think. Luckily we are taking an Uber home.
I make pleasant conversation with Carol. They are from the Buckhead area just north of Atlanta. David is on a business trip, but she has taken a couple "sick days" off to do some shopping. Carol is a high school English teacher. David is an executive from a large regional bank.
You finish your dance and join us back at the table. "Did you have a nice time?" I ask.
You smile, "Of course. David is a wonderful dancer."
We chat for a while and finish our drinks. David asks us if we would like to join them for a nightcap. They are staying in the hotel across the street.
We both have to work tomorrow. "Would you like too?" I ask you.
You respond, "It's totally up to you."
I reply back to David, "OK, but we can't stay long. We both have to be at work early tomorrow."
We walk with them across the street to their hotel. We take the elevator to the top floor. They are in a suite. It is huge and nicely appointed.Your bank bailout dollars at work,I think to myself.
Carol excuses herself and heads into the adjoining room. She is a bit wobbly from the wine she has been drinking.
David goes to a box on the table and removes a bottle of wine, and says "I got this from a vendor today. We might as well drink it, so I don't have to carry it back on the plane."
David pours four glasses of wine, and we continue to talk. I mindlessly begin caressing your leg. I notice that he is watching your legs the entire time.
Carol re-enters the room. She is in a blue silk robe. "I hope you don't mind. That dress was hot, and my shoes were killing me."
"Not at all," you reply.
She sits across from us with her husband. Her legs are crossed, and she reaches for the wine glass in front of her. He robe loosens enough for us to see her tiny breasts. As she leans back on the couch, her legs spread apart and the belt holding her blue robe loosens, she reveals her shaved pink pussy lips.
You whisper into my ear, "You like that, don't you?"
I whisper back, "Of course. I love pussy. You know that."
You bite my ear, "Yes, I certainly know that!" as you reach over to my pants to feel my ever-hardening cock.
Carol notices your action, and to not be outdone, strokes the growing bulge in her husband's pants. David closes his eyes and says in a loud whisper, "Darling, keep that up, and we will have to give these folks a show."
Carol smiles at us and then leans over to kiss her husband deeply with her tongue. We watch as she unbuckles his belt and slowly unzips his pants and pulls them down slightly. He is wearing boxers, and he is very erect already. Impressive after all we have had to drink this evening. We continue to watch as she pulls both his pants and boxers off so that his cock stands vertically like a flagpole. She rubs it with her hand, up and down as he sighs and smiles; his eyes are still shut. Carol is looking at us, or maybe just you.
She moves her long blond hair back so we can see her face as she leans over to suck her husband's cock. She is looking right at us.
I unzip my pants and pull my cock free. You pump it slowly as we continue to watch the couple across from us. David now takes his hand and placing it on Carol's ass to pull her robe up, and begins to finger her pussy from behind.
You are captivated. So am I.
I unbutton your blouse and slip it off your shoulders. I then undo your bra. You let both articles fall off your shoulders behind you. I lean over and begin to suck on your nipples; biting them lightly with my teeth. You moan.
Carol has now taken David's pants entirely off. He still has his shirt and tie on. She mounts his erect cook; sitting on his lap facing us. Her robe still on, but now parted fully revealing her breasts and shaved pussy deep around his cock.
I pull down my pants and underwear. You pull up your skirt. You are so wet and hot. I feel your moist clit with my fingers. You are ready now.
You sit on top of me in a mirrored fashion. As you glide on to my hard rod into your pussy, we both gasp and shudder with pleasure. God, you are so wet, hot and tight.
David has opened his eyes and leans sideways around his wife, looking at you, as Carol grinds down on his manhood. David is smiling broadly. I think he likes what he sees. Of course, he does.
You and Carol both ride up and down in the same rhythm. You still have on your spikey heels; those sexy "Come Fuck Me" (CFM) shoes. You know I like it this way facing away from me.
Carol reaches down and rubs the top of her clit as she works David. She moans and moans and suddenly cums and is followed by a grunt from David who must have exploded inside her.
You and I switch places you sit on the coach. I kneel in front of you eating your pussy. God, you taste so good. I can feel your hot pussy juice on my tongue.
Carol and David are both watching now. Your eyes are closed, but you know that we are being watched. You shudder again, and I can feel you cum, "Fuck me, please fuck me!"
I stand up and kiss you deeply. You can taste yourself on my lips.
I turn you around, so we are both kneeling on the couch. I am behind you. I glide my hard cock into your tight hole. I start with just the tip of my rod. I move slightly in and out.
You turn your head, and you gasp, "Give it to me. Hard; all the way. Drive it in me."
Conceding to your demand, I take you deeply.
"Faster, faster. Drive it. Fuck me. Yes, fuck me!"
A couple deeper; well-timed thrusts, and I explode my hot sperm inside you just as you cum again as well.
We turn to look at our fellow couple as they smile and kiss each other.
We do the same.
"Do you have any plans for tomorrow evening?" I ask David and Carol as we both end our kisses.
"What do you have in mind?" Carol asks.
"Dessert," I reply with a wicked smile.
(to be continued)