For those that don't like it there is a sense of incest within this story, our siblings are in fact not blood related but have been bought up as brother and sisters. If this subject is going to offend please read no further.it is and will develop further into a story of exhibitionism hence why it is here rather than in Taboo/Incest.
This story is complete fiction, I understand that some of the things contained our not possible, I realise that if some of this behaviour was to happen in the real world people would complain and people would be arrested.
This is fiction I have written it as such and hope you will also read it as it was intended.
I am not a professional writer and I will make some spelling and grammar errors, again if this is going to upset you please close this and read something far better written.
I write purely for pleasure, if you don't like it them please move on to another story there are thousands to pick on.
Chapter three.
Sue woke up the next morning, she lay naked wondering what was in store for her today. With no messages from "A" Sue went to the kitchen for breakfast, her late night walks meant she was up again yet after her parents had left the house, there was a note on the table reminding her that she had to be back home reasonably early tonight as the family where going out for a meal as it was Christina's last night before she was going back to Uni tomorrow.
As Sue sat eating her brother came in and made himself some toast, they chatted pleasantly, Andrew asked how she was enjoying the new neighbourhood. Sue admitted that yes she was enjoying here, "it must be the country or sea air" she said. Andrew agreed "yeh I love it here I'm so glad we moved", before he returned back to his cave.
Beep; today will be a challenge, you will go to this address; Iron Designs, Tattoo and piercings, 15 Anderson Road. Once there you will have both nipples pierced and the hood of your clit. This may be painful but the end results will be worth it. I have made your appointment for 11:30 and asked that you are in the main room rather than a private booth.
Sue read the message twice, she had considered getting her navel pierced in the past but had thought her parents would object, the more she thought about it she realised that she actually quite liked the idea, although she was a little worried about the pain part. At least with what "A" was suggesting she had pierced her parents would never know.
At 10:00 Sue was on the bus heading for the town centre. Sue had worn a very thin, tight knit dress, the dress clung to every curve and the bright red and short length attracted the eye. She knew that she would have to remove it completely to get her nipples done, as she now owned no underwear that choice was made for her. Sue knew that her choice of a skin tight dress would ensure she had to strip completely naked in front of someone she had not yet met, She could hardly believe that she was making these decisions on her own without any prompting from "A".
Sue found the tattoo and piercing parlour on a narrow side street just off the high street, she went in and told a heavily tattooed man that she had an appointment. He said that he was expecting her, apparently her request to be in the main area for such an intimate procedure was a first for him so he had been very curious to see who came for the appointment.
Sue looked around the shop it was immaculately clean, she began to scan through some binders with pictures of both tattoos and piercings while she waited. One selection of labia piercings caught her eye, the thick rings obviously pulling down on the fleshy lips, Sue couldn't help but notice the thought of something like this on her already meaty folds had her horney. This was something she would defiantly think about, depending on how painful today was anyway. There was one man having his forearm inked, he was by the window with his back to the glass, the other empty chair was next to his and like his it was in the shop window.
Sue was less certain now that she was actually going to be in the window, she had hoped for some seclusion, as she watched, a steady stream of pedestrians passed by outside as they walked to and from the town centre. The man being tattooed was attracting quite a lot of attention, some people stopped and watched for a while before moving on. Sue had a feeling she was about to attract much more attention, her nerves were beginning to make her re think her clothing choice. The tattooed man asked her where she wanted to start momentarily Sue was confused already accepting the window seat in her mind, then seeing her uncertainty he said "tits or cunt?"
"Tits" please said Sue, she knew if "A" was watching he would appreciate her getting naked as soon as possible and in her own mind she knew if she didn't do it soon she would chicken out.
"You will have to get your dress off love can't work with that on", Sue took a deep breath before she pulled the dress over her head in one movement and laid it on the counter. The burly tattoo artist looked shocked that she was nude, without any hesitation but smiling he showed her to the window seat. Sue said Hi to the man next to her getting his arm coloured as he looked her up and down, the pain of his tattooing forgotten as he admired the naked girl.
Sue was surprised at the simplicity of her exposure, one moment she was sat naked knowing that she was separated only by a sheet of glass behind her from the passing shoppers with only the two tattooists and one other customer looking at her bare skin, a second later Sue gasped as the tattooed man rotated her seat so that she now faced the window leaving her watching shoppers as they walked passed, the double takes as they realised she was completely naked was kind of funny but Sue could feel her pussy begin to throb with arousal, her nerves being pushed aside and replaced with something far more pleasant.
As a block of ice was applied to her right nipple Sue groaned with pleasure her pussy began to seep juices onto the black Vinyl of her seat. There was a sharp pain when a long thick needle was pushed through her chilled nipple, when Sue looked down she had a neat bar through her teat, a small ball on either side. Pleased that it wasn't particularly painful Sue smiled as ice was applied to her other nipple.
With both nipples throbbing the man turned his attention to her pussy, he parted her legs having her hang them over the seats arms, her open pussy now displayed to a gathering crowd outside of the shop window.
Sue knew it must have been planned in advance with "A" when the piercer said that Sue needed to stay where she was for ten minutes as he couldn't do another piercing so soon after her nipples were done, she would need some recovery time.
With her freshly pierced tits throbbing and her gaping pussy on display Sue watched as several men took pictures on smart phones. The small group of men were now obscuring her from anyone passing behind them and they all looked as though nothing would be removing them from the front row viewing. By the time her piercer returned she was soaking wet and sat in a small puddle of her own juices.
Her clit hood required a pair of forceps to gently grip the hood, it was pulled out and stretched before he applied ice to her clit, Sue was climaxing as the needle was pushed through, the combination of pain and pleasure made her cum over and over, by the time she had settled down again she had a small golden ring through her hood.
Sue was left to gather herself for a few minutes before she was helped to her feet. Sue waved at the small crowd outside before she walked back in to the shop and pulled her dress back on, her nipples and bars showed very well through the thin knit dress. Maybe her parents would know she had piercings, it wasn't subtle the bars and her swollen nipples were as obvious as could be through the thin material. Sue hugged the big man and asked for a card, "that was great" she said, maybe you could do my pussy lips next time?"
Beep; when you get home stand at the window naked and display your new jewellery
As Sue walked she could feel the small golden ring rub at her clit, although it was a bit sore the feeling was still very pleasant, she knew that once it all had healed she would love the intense feeling of her piercing rubbing her clit gently.
As soon as she got home Sue stripped and stood in the window with her feet apart.
Beep; well done I hope you enjoy them, I will let you have the recommended one week to recover and heal, enjoy your break, in one week we begin your training in earnest you will become my dirty slut.
As soon as Sue had read the message she realised that she may as well get her pussy lips done as well so that the healing time would be over with together, the shop would still be open so she rung and spoke to the man who had pierced her, apparently everyone called him Tatts. Sue asked if it would be OK to do her pussy lips in the way she had seen in his binder, she said she wanted something heavy as she liked the thought of them being pulled, Tatts said he knew just the thing. Sue asked if she could have the same seat again, and suggested that she would like a nice long break between the piercings, with the price agreed Sue said she would be there tomorrow at 11:00. Making sure that she cleaned her piercings as per the leaflet she had been given Sue got dressed for the family's meal at the pub.
Finding something to wear that didn't rub on her sensitive teats proved difficult, she finally picked a blue top that was a light cotton and very loose, she paired the top with a short skirt one she had found in a charity shop, it was shorter than her normal skirts but she felt positively overdressed after her last few days.
While Sue waited with her parents and Andrew her father explained that they would be driving up to see Christina next weekend once she had settled in, they would take a few days and visit some friends while they were away, the plan was to have a short holiday, Sue and Andrew were more than capable of looking after themselves for a while.
Andrew began to make mental plans, and Sue wondered what a week of freedom would bring her. The short walk to the pub made sues nipples tingle and throb, they had remained rock hard since her piercing, and she could feel the golden ring rubbing at her clit as she walked, by the time they got inside the pub she was trembling with arousal but managed to control herself, just.
The barman was the same man that she had nervously displayed her pussy to only a few days ago, careful that none of her family could see, Sue climbed up onto the barstool, turning slightly away from her family, Sue parted her knees and showed the barman her new pussy jewellery briefly, all the while she was smiling at him confidently. Andrew noticed the exchange between his sister and the barman pleased to see his sister was accepting, no embracing her role as a slut.
Sue behaved herself for the rest of the evening, she had no messages from "A" and after the meal she walked home with her family, again her pussy piercing bringing her to the boil as she walked.
Sue woke early not having her night in the garden meant she was in bed hours before she was used to, she joined her parents for breakfast, and when the time came she waved her sister off as her father took her to Uni.
Sue was surprised that her piercings felt so good today, she put on the same dress as yesterday and headed for the bus stop, again she almost climaxed on the short walk because of her clitty being rubbed by the small ring. As she waited for the bus she saw that again her nipples and their bars showed through her thin dress they were now permanently hard, Sue was sure that when the throbbing stopped they would be very sensitive.
The walk from the bus stop to the tattoo parlour was much longer, Sue found herself having to clutch on to a street light as she climaxed in the high street. One old lady asked if she was alright, she made it to the shop without having to stop again but Sue was dripping wet when she got to the shop. Tatts waved her in and she stood at the counter, Tatts explained that there would be a short wait as the two chairs were in use.
Sue was shown several pictures of pussy piercings, Tatts was offering her some choices, your seat will be ready soon if you would like me to hang up your dress for you, Sue as she had yesterday stripped naked and passed over her dress. Once it was hung up Tatts said just another twenty minutes or so now, so which do you fancy he said turning back to the pictures.
Sue picked one picture, it had two thick rings in each side, from each heavy ring hung steel balls pulling the lips down and away from the body. Tatts told her she couldn't apply any weights until a week had passed and all had healed up. Sue was left to wander naked around the shop until her seat was free, then without asking she hung her legs over the seats arms with her pussy spread open. Tatts again turned the seat to face the window, walking away as he called out, just grabbing a coffee be back in ten, he had read her perfectly.
By the time Tatts returned he had to dab at Sue's pussy with a paper towel as it was so wet. Kneeling between her legs, he asked Sue to hold herself apart so that he could check her piercing explaining that because of their location pussy piercings are prone to infection Sue pulled her lips apart feeling more moisture run from her spread pussy, Tatts gave the small golden ring a twist and turn complimenting Sue on how well Sue had been cleaning her piercing before he turned his attention to today's task.
As he did yesterday Tatts used ice to numb sues lips, holding on to the fleshy labia he pulled and held her stretched tight, Sue was trembling as she watched two men that had stopped to watch her, so openly displayed, the trickle of pussy juice she felt ooze from her was masked by the melting ice, with two rings in one of her lips, Tatts stood and said he was going for lunch.
Sue looked down at her new adornments two thick heavy rings now decorated her lip, a small crowd had gathered outside of the window and stared at her, she wanted to touch herself to ease the rising passion, but she managed to wait.
By the time Tatts returned her pussy was running with moisture again and Sue was barely able to contain herself, the crowd outside had grown to more than twenty all gathered around the window. Tatts knelt at her feet again and his touch sent her over the edge, she bucked off the seat as she climaxed, several of the watching crowd actually applauded.
A few minutes later it was all over, a matching pair were now inserted through her tender flesh, she agreed a time for her return and went to the counter for her dress and to pay. With her dress on she opened her purse, "you do know that there are other ways to pay" Tatts said.
A minute later and Sue was on her knees in the back room paying for her piercings, Tatts moaned as she sucked him in deep while she gently squeezed his hairy balls. As she worked on his cock, Tatts said that when she came back next week for her check-up and weights she could pay with her pussy as she would be healed.
Sue walked back towards the bus stop with the taste of cum in her mouth, although Tatt's was a big tattooed biker type he had been surprisingly gentle, before leaving Sue had agreed that he could fuck her for her return visit and some extra jewellery. While she walked Sue could feel the metal rings taping and rubbing, even with just the weight of the rings alone Sue felt as though her pussy lips were being stretched.
Over the next few days Sue meticulously cleaned her piercings, and by the day before her check in with Tatts she was all healed, she had twisted and tugged and masturbated without any pain or discomfort, Sue had avoided going out as walking had caused some discomfort but today she was heading back to the town, she would be fucked by Tatts and have her weights fitted. She also thought that tomorrow would be the day that "A" would contact her.
Andrew had watched his sister very little over the last week, he knew she would be unable to play much and thought he would be better off letting her get over her piercings completely, with Christina at Uni again Andrew had fitted cameras around her room ready for her return, he had a few left which he was planning on putting in his parents room when they left in the morning for their week away.
Andrew watched as Sue dressed, she put on a very short denim skirt that he had not seen before, it had four large buttons up the front, and she paired this up with a baggy top. When she bent to tie her shoes both breasts were visible as her shirt fell away from her. Looking in the mirror Sue undid the bottom button of her skirt before she headed towards the bus stop.
The additional rings ground together as Sue walked, she didn't get to the bus stop before she was left gasping as she came in the street, walking onwards Sue could feel her juices as they ran down her legs, she stood waiting for the bus with her legs trembling, Sue would have rubbed herself right there if it hadn't been for the old lady with her shopping trolley waiting with her.
Once she was on the bus Sue moved to the back away from the driver and the old lady, she sat and parted her legs, as the bus moved away she flicked another button on her skirt un done baring her pussy and began to play with the rings in her pussy. Sue was insatiable and by the time the bus reached the town she had made herself come three times and was working on number four, she made a mental note that next time she needed to not sit on her skirt as she now had a wet patch, luckily the dark denim hid the damp well.
Sue stopped at a coffee shop about half way along her walk towards Tatts, she had to either stop or cum in the high street again. With a small Latte Sue sat in the corner of the shop, sipping her coffee and rubbing her rings, masturbating somewhere this public was a new experience. This time she had remember to lift her skirt before sitting down, with a coffee and a climax done Sue managed to walk the rest of the way.
Tatts smiled as he saw her come through the door, the shop was busy each seat was occupied by someone getting a tattoo, he called out that he would be right there. Sue watched as a woman was having a thin tribal band finished off around her bicep Sue thought something similar but high on her thigh would look nice like a garter belt, she thought momentarily about what her parents would say before shrugging it off, she was nearly 20 she could do as she pleased.
Tatts waved her through to the back room again, a flash of disappointment as she realised she would not be naked in the window again, Tatts asked if he could check her piercings before he fitted the weights, Sue dropped the skirt and pulled off her top to stand naked. Tatts twisted fairly roughly her nipple bars, Sue groaned, not in pain her already sensitive nipples were now hyper sensitive the feeling was exquisite, Tatts made her come with one flick of the golden ring through her clit hood, he suggested that he had something special for her clit. On his knees Tatts removed the small gold hoop and replaced it with a fatter heavier ring matching the others in a dull surgical steel there was a short chain with a small ball bearing attached hanging from the ring.
Next he clipped on similar chains about two inches long to her other four rings showing Sue how they attached. On the end of each chain he clipped another steel ball about the size of a grape, in the box were eight more balls, two sets each bigger than the previous, Tatts suggested she stuck with the smaller balls for a while, he made her take one off and re fit both the ball and the chain so she knew how to do it.
Sue stood with the four balls stretching her pussy lips, she had easily taken one off and put it back on, she now walked around the small room, the feeling of the weights compounded with the small ball attached to her clit ring which bounced and bumped her clit was exquisite, as she walked the sensations made her come in less than half a lap of the small room, no way will I make the coffee shop on the way back she thought.
As she knelt again before Tatts taking his cock in her mouth Sue thought about the tattoo, with his cock nice and hard Tatts knelt on the floor behind her and began to take his payment as they had agreed. As he fucked her Sue asked if they could make a deal for some ink work, Tatts told her that tattoos took much more time and that it would cost more than a quick fuck, like what? Asked Sue
That would depend on what you want and how long it would take, still fucking her as they talked Sue couldn't respond straight away as she shuddered to another climax, the weights were certainty making a huge difference. I would like a thin band around my thigh like the tribal band that the woman was getting on her arm, but I want to incorporate the word Slut into it somehow.
Tatts was speeding up close to cumming he pumped hard and thrust deeply squirting his seed deep in to Sue's pussy. Once they had disengaged and Tatts had pulled his trousers back up, he said that he could do her a design that would take a few hours to get on to paper, the ink itself would take maybe two hours depending on how complex the design ended up being.
How about you come to my place and party with me and some buddy's for as long as I take on you, one hour for one hour?
Doing what? Asked Sue, well you could start with waitressing handing round drinks and that, making sure you are showing off all of my work of course.
So naked waitressing, that sounds easy. Replied Sue
Well you being naked may lead to some guests needing to be relieved in some way, I wouldn't be a good host if they went home uncomfortable now would I?
No I guess not replied Sue, so how many guests do you think would be involved?
Oh not many probably just me and say 10 buddies.
Sue nodded and said well that sounds fair, when can we start, it was agreed that Tatts would do her design, and he would apply the ink, Sue would not see it until afterwards he would of course save her window seat for the work, and suggested that the ink could ruin her nice clothes so maybe being naked would be sensible, as Sue left she called out same time next week then.
It was lunch time so Sue decided to find somewhere to eat, she had yet to explore the town much, other than a few charity shops, and with nothing else planned she thought she would lunch then shop, especially having saved so much money by not paying for her new decorations.
As Sue sat with her lunch, she realised that she didn't know anyone here other than her family, she didn't even know who the mysterious Mr "A" was even though he had fucked her regularly she had no idea what he looked like, and all she could picture was his toned body and big fat cock which she had seen in the photograph he had used to blackmail her. It did now look like she would be making some new friends with Tatt's friends but all Sue could picture at that point was being abused by ten biker type guys.
Sue found the shopping centre with two floors of shops, escalators rose up to the upper levels, the glass roof giving a feeling of still being outside. Sue had found that if she walked carefully she could avoid cumming every few steps, although the feelings she was receiving from her newly adorned pussy was very nice. Her nipples throbbed and she had to almost constantly resist the urge to touch herself.
Sue passed the ever present mobile phone shops and went in to the first clothes shop she found, as she always did heading for the sale rack. Sue had a decent allowance from her father but she didn't have loads of money so needed to be careful, until she found a job.
On the rack Sue found a short skirt, it was black and sheer with a liner, the elasticated waist meant it would fit her comfortably, Sue also found a white halter neck cropped top, she took the two items to the changing room.
Stripping off her clothes Sue put on the black skirt and the white top, she walked back out into the shop in search of a mirror. Her nipples poked through the top nicely and Sue was planning to remove the extra thickness of the lining material in the cups, the skirt was perfect, the lining she would also remove and being elasticated she could roll over the waist band to shorten it or even cut it down as the hem was already a rough ragged cut.
Pleased with her purchase Sue headed for the next shop. Sue found a bright red top, it was halter neck as well but the front plunged down deeply, with nothing else interesting her she went to try it on. Sue found that with the string behind her neck tied loosely enough the top hung lower, almost long enough for her to wear it as a dress. The top design was apparently called a deep V neck plunging Cowl.
Sue strolled out towards a mirror half way across the shop, the name the designers had given it was both too long and wrong, Sue described it as fuck me its pornographic, facing the mirror Sue could see her chains and the shiny balls hanging below the hem, the deep V plunging cowl, came down so low that she could see the stubble above her pussy which reminded her she needed shaving gel and new blades. Her tits were barely contained Sue wriggled a little surprised to see that her breasts remained covered, leaning forwards meant she could look down and see her pussy as the top dropped away from her. Sue picked up the same dress but two sizes up, reasoning that she couldn't actually wear this as a dress but a bigger one may work.
After trying the bigger size she walked back to the mirror, she noticed as she stood facing the mirror that a lone man watched her as he trailed along behind his partner. Sue saw that her chains were now covered but the balls still shone below her hem, she reached up and untied the knot behind her neck, accidentally she dropped both ends allowing the dress to fall, unfortunately it stopped at her hips, but the man suddenly looked a lot less board. Sue retied the knot lower this time so that her metal balls were hidden, she then tucked her tits back in winking at the man in the mirror as she did.
The bigger top she thought could be worn as a dress, but with it long enough to hide her chains she could see that her pussy showed inside the deep cowl, not her whole slit but very defiantly the first half inch of slit was on show, stopping just short of showing her hood piercing. It wasn't too expensive so was soon added to her growing selection of Slut wear.
Sue picked up a few more items, before walking carefully back to her bus stop. Her pussy had been leaking throughout her shopping trip but Sue was getting used to it and the uncontrollable orgasm's she had mostly under control although she felt on the verge of coming all of the time. Stood in the bus shelter Sue decided to see just how sensitive she was after a whole afternoon of arousal, just one rub of her clit ring through her skirt and she was gone, gasping in air as she tried not to collapse in a heap, her legs had turned to jelly and her pussy had soaked the tops of her legs, Sue watched as two trickles of fluid appeared from under her skirt heading towards her knees.
On the bus back Sue realised she was running late, in her excitement she had forgotten that her parents would be leaving for their week away in the morning, she had agreed to be home for the evening meal, once the bus stopped Sue started to hurry up the road she made about ten feet before she climaxed coating her legs with more sticky fluid, the movements of her piercings and weights when she had hurried had made her cum very quickly, OK slowly it is she thought as she continued towards home.
As Sue sat with her brother and parents she was more aware than ever of her pussy adornments, she had planned to remove the weights before sitting down but being late she was ushered straight to the dining room. Her parents mentioned some stuff about having no party's and that there was plenty of food in the freezer but Sue heard almost none of it she was concentrating hard, she really did not want to cum in front of her family, she had sat on the front edge of her chair trying to avoid sitting on her weights, the trouble was that they were now swinging forwards and backwards her tender lips were throbbing and she was sure that she was dripping on the hardwood flooring.
Her parents sat with her at the table chatting, making sure she would keep an eye on her brother, Sue just nodded and gritted her teeth, finally her parents went towards the lounge and the TV came on. With a groan Sue let herself go, shuddering as she peaked she looked up to see her brother standing at the door looking at her.
Sue stood and rushed past him towards her room, she realised her mistake on the third step of the stairs, with her brother still watching her she came again, she knew from where she was her brother could see up her skirt but her legs were so wobbly she had to pause for several seconds before she could move and this time carefully walk to her room.
Sitting in her chair Sue began a slow and luxurious masturbation session, all day she had been dripping wet, she had cum dozens of times this time she was going to take her time and enjoy herself. Strangely as she toyed with her rings her thoughts turned to her brother she could feel his eyes boring in to her pussy as she stood on the stairs, for some reason the thought just made Sue wetter, maybe she could tease her little brother some while her parents were away.
Beep: I have waited long enough and I assume by the way you are tugging at them your piercings have had time to heal well, I will see you in the normal place, you will as always be naked and blind folded, you will take your biggest dildo and on all fours you will be fucking yourself while you wait for me.
Sue hadn't realised the time it was already after ten, she wrapped herself in a dressing gown and headed towards the garden.Sue was pleased to see that her parents had already gone to bed, she seemed to recall them saying that they were off early to miss the traffic, her brother wasn't about either so Sue slipped out of the back door with her dildo hidden under her robe.
She pulled the blindfold into place and on all fours guided her fattest dildo into her still sopping wet crack, Sue didn't even hear Andrew as he crept closer, he took a selection of pictures as he crept around her, before he put his shorts, tee shirt and phone down, naked he prodded her mouth with his swollen cock, Sue opened up with no hesitation and shuddered when her throat was invaded by the fat cock, her nipple bar being twisted bought her to climax and she felt her pussy spray warm juices over her hand as she continued fucking herself with the fat dildo.
Andrew fucked his sisters mouth, he had abstained himself while Sue healed and it didn't take him long before he filled her mouth with his cream, he pulled free of Sue's mouth and walked behind her, in the dim light he could see her fucking herself, tomorrow he thought will be very light. His cock still wet from sues mouth was soon spearing into her arsehole, Sue came again as she received her first double penetration, her hand didn't slow she was fucking herself hard and fast, soon her arse was receiving the same treatment, with her piercings adding to the pleasure Sue soon came again, then again until it all blended into one long spectacular climax.
Sue came round again on her own, she had passed out yet again, fucked senseless is what that is she said to herself, she hadn't heard her phone beep but thought she was alone, she could feel that her dildo was still wedged inside her pussy, a trickle of cum leaking from her arsehole was the only sign of Mr A.
Sue stood, her gown had gone again, naked with rubber cock in hand she walked back towards the light of the house. Again she could see her brother sat reading, how does he time it so badly Sue thought, at least she wasn't completely filthy like last time although she did have some decorations that he hadn't seen before. Not even bothering to check the front door Sue stepped inside, her brother looked up, sue watched as he slowly looks her up and down, she waited for a few seconds enjoying his scrutiny for some reason, Sue was sure that she saw his cock twitch inside his shorts before she said Hi and walked passed.
Andrew sat and looked at his sister, it was much more personal in the flesh than through a camera lens, he could see her piercings and the small swinging steel balls that kept her fleshy lips proudly displayed, but the thing he noticed most was how long she stood and let him watch, may be Mr A could take advantage, would his sister fuck him if she was told to?
Sue removed her chains and balls before she showered shaved her pussy making sure she got every hair and cleaned her piercings, once she was fresh and clean she slipped into bed.
Beep; nice show tonight and your brother seemed to like his little show to. Tomorrow morning you will breakfast naked, wear your balls and you will stay until your brother has finished eating or he leaves the room. You will make no comment on your nudity and you will do nothing to hide yourself from him.
Fuck really!! Could I do that thought Sue?
She lay awake thinking about it, she remembered her brothers eyes on her a short while before, he looked like he was enjoying the view, he didn't complain or look away, as she thought about it Sue was aware that her pussy appeared to like the idea, it was as wet now as it was in the shower. Sue set her alarm to make sure she was up earlier than her brother and with her mind made up she relaxed, her last thought before she fell asleep was maybe I could try the heavier weights.
The next morning Sue attached the middle sized weights, she had to stand still for a moment to steady herself, fuck me I'm awake less than five minutes and already I've nearly cum she thought to herself.
Sue walked to the kitchen naked, she knew only her brother was there and if he came to breakfast he was going to get an eyeful anyway. Sue made coffee and toast, she didn't sit at the table as she had been instructed to not hide so she sat at the short breakfast bar on a stool, the bigger weights she noticed actually opened her pussy she made sure that she was sitting far enough forwards that they swung freely below her, with her legs apart she waited.
Andrew watched from the one camera in the kitchen it was not a controllable one but he could see enough to know that Sue had arranged herself so that she would be well displayed. He was beginning to think he may get to fuck her as himself yet. Programming his phone to send a timed message he went to the kitchen.
Andrew stopped at the kitchen door, well he had to pretend to be surprise, he could see beneath the breakfast bar that the hanging spheres we're opening sues cunt, her lips hung long and stretched and her pink interior showed lewdly, he noticed a small puddle forming on the floor below.
Andrew knew he could say whatever he wanted and that she had been told not to leave, he assumed as she was here she would go through with the whole thing. Still looking at his sisters dripping hole he said, "sis that outfit suits you."
"You do know you are naked right?"
"Yes I do thank you, I didn't think you would mind" Sue responded.
"I don't mind at all feel free". Andrew poured a coffee and sat at the table, lower than the breakfast bar, he could see Sue's cunt clearly and up close. Andrew made no pretence, he blatantly looked at his naked sister, he didn't say anything else though as he enjoyed the view with his breakfast. As he watched Andrew noticed that the moisture on Sue's exposed pussy continued to build and the fleshy lips looked puffy and swollen with arousal.
Beep: I'm sure he is enjoying the view reach down and slowly bring yourself to a climax, if it happens to fast make it two. Let's see how far you will go Slut, you may take the above as a minimum requirement but you may take it as far as you dare. You must not let him fuck you that may come later.
Sue groaned again not in pain, make herself cum while her brother watched only a few feet away. Maybe fuck him surly Mr A wouldn't do that to her, would he? Sue realised she was already rubbing her clit ring, too much too soon she added to the puddle on the floor.
"You OK sis? You look flushed."
Sue just nodded and followed her instructions she started working towards number two but had a feeling that wouldn't be taking too long either, her weights had started to swing again and she could feel her pussy gapping open, leaning back Sue pinched her nipples twisting the bars as she rubbed her dripping snatch.
Sue looked up as she heard a chair scrape across the floor, Andrew had his cock in his hand, and he was stroking it while he watched her, what a nice cock it looks as big as Mr A's. Sue watched her brother as he watched her, when Andrews cum splattered on to the floor Sue screamed as she came hard. When she lifted her head off the breakfast bar Andrew had gone. Sue cleaned up the floor her mess and her brothers before pouring another coffee still shaking from her climax she sat naked and sipped her drink.
Beep; tell me what happened in detail miss out nothing.
Sue replied, that she had done as instructed, she had cum too soon and had made herself come for a second time she said that she had watched her brother wank while he watched her and that he had gone now.
Beep: how did you feel about your brother watching you, and you watching him?
I don't know why but I loved it, I felt so dirty and so slutty, if you had told me to I would have bent over for him to fuck me I was so horney.
Beep; good to know I will bear that in mind. For the rest of the week you will be naked at all times when in the house, anytime you see your brother you will get to your knee, lean back and display yourself. Do you understand?
Yes OK.
Andrew was rock hard again but he couldn't be too obvious without giving himself away. He wanted to fuck her hard but was probably pushing things already, maybe he should set his plan for this evening going instead.
Sue back in her room heard a knock at the door, seconds later her brother walked in, Sue sank to her knees leaning back with her legs as wide apart as possible. Andrew smiled, "I do like this change in you sis. I just came to tell you that I will be out tonight at a friend's house I will be back for breakfast if we are having the same thing though."
"Can I touch you?" Andrew asked.
Sue was not sure how to answer, her inner Slut shone through, "yes you can if you want to sue answered."
Andrew knelt in front of her, and reaching under inserted two fingers into her stretched open hole, he avoided her clit but slowly finger fucked her pussy, right there in broad daylight. Sue despite her clit being avoided soon came for the third time that morning. She so wanted something inside her she almost begged her brother to fuck her there and then but she didn't. Andrew stood and as he left said see you at breakfast I will be back by about 9:00.
Sue had heard nothing from Mr A so decided as the day was shaping up to be glorious she would go to the beach again, she made a packed lunch and removed her weights, she didn't think she could manage a whole day with them in. Wearing just her sheer beach wrap she headed for the bus stop.
Again the bus driver looked her up and down, Sue was now enjoying the looks she got from men, even this overweight old man made her pussy drip as he tried to see through her wrap. At the back of the bus Sue undid her wrap, this time she pulled it off and placed it on the seat next to her, as the bus set off Sue played with her pussy rings. Every other time Sue had been on the bus no one else had got on, today the bus stopped and before Sue could react a middle aged business man in a suit climbed aboard, with her perky tits above the seat line they were the first thing he saw as he climbed on.
The man paid and walked to the back of the bus taking a seat only one away from where Sue sat naked. He wasn't a shy man that's for sure, he sat down and the first thing he said was "I love your nipples they look good enough to suck on", he made Sue laugh, she half turned to face him putting her knee up on the seat, she didn't need to look herself as his face told her that the view of her piercings down below had surprised him.
Sue sat offering the man the best view she could, seeing she was near the stop at Heather Point Sue rung the bell. Putting her wrap in her bag she said bye and walked to the front of the bus, facing the driver she said, "now you don't have to look so hard", blowing him a kiss she walked towards the path down to the beach.
Sue spread out her towel about where she had been the last time, at the moment the beach was deserted except for her, she put on her sun glasses and laid down to enjoy the sun. Sue enjoyed her day in the sun, the beach didn't get busy enough that it was packed but several groups of people and the odd single man ended up fairly close. Although her nudity was clearly noticed no one said anything, the British are too polite to complain she guessed.
She sat eating her lunch the tide had gone out since she arrived and a lone guy had positioned himself directly below her maybe two metres from her feet. Sue sat with her feet well apart her toes digging into the soft sand, from behind her sun glasses she watched the man as he looked between her legs. Sue had been moist since she got here but without the weights she had managed to get down the path to the beach with only one stop, she had literally been a tree hugger for a while as she climaxed.
Sue was amazed at how relaxed she felt when only a short while ago she wouldn't let her boyfriend fuck her with the lights on, now she sat and more than happily let a complete stranger see her wet pussy, Sue eased her feet another few inches further apart.
She had spent the day teasing the man without even acknowledging him, she was now heading back up the path towards the bus, she wanted to shower and be ready for Mr A's instructions which were sure to come, maybe she should tell him she was alone tonight.
With her wrap back in place Sue sent a quick message to Mr A
All alone tonight house to myself until morning.
Beep; making plans, shower and shave more instructions will follow.
Sue was disappointed to see the bus was fairly busy she would have to keep her wrap on, the driver grinned at her as she climbed on, and he winked and waved her through without taking her money. Once she was back in her empty house Sue showered and as instructed shaved, hardly needed so soon after the last time, she thought that maybe she should invest in the laser treatment she had seen advertised and save some effort, after her shave she dried herself and moisturised paying too much attention to her freshly shaved pussy she managed to cum twice in quick succession.
Beep; you will collect your blindfold and at 7PM leaving the front door unlocked you will be laying on the dining room table wearing just the blindfold.
Sue stood naked in the dining room the clock telling her she was ten minutes earlier than she needed to be, the dining room window was not overlooked unless someone was in the garden. Sue climbed up onto the large Oak table making sure her blindfold was in place she laid back trembling in anticipation. It wasn't long before Sue heard the front door open and close she realised she was holding her breath.
Andrew stood looking at his naked sister, he had thought of inviting some friends but selfishly he wanted to enjoy this night alone with her. He trailed a finger up the inside of her leg smiling as she gasped in surprise.
Andrew pulled Sue across the polished wood of the table until her bottom was on the very edge, then with some soft black rope he began to tie her into position. Standing back to admire his work, Sue was now lashed down so that she couldn't move, her bottom was almost hanging over the edge of the table and her feet were up next to her bottom almost a squat position but laying down, her pussy and arsehole were readily available in this position and climbing on to the table would offer Andrew her mouth as well.
Andrew moved to his next phase, he had some bright red cord thin but strong, he passed a short length through each pair of Sue's pussy rings, which he then looped around her thigh, pulling gently he watched as sues pussy lips stretched and opened up bringing a groan of pleasure from Sue. With both sides tied off Sue's pussy was stretched wide open, Andrew could see right inside his sisters open hole.
Andrew had plans for his sister's pussy but first he needed some relief himself, his plans had been carefully thought out and from his bag he pulled a container of lube, with his cock well covered with the slippery substance Andrew pushed in to Sue's arsehole not stopping until he was balls deep inside her. He paused while Sue twitched and shuddered beneath him as she climaxed. Andrew shook his head amazed at how quickly Sue could cum, he watched her cunt as he slowly fucked her in the arse every push pulled her legs slightly further apart pulling on the strings and stretching her lips further, as he withdrew the strings relaxed again. Andrew approaching his first climax sped up until with a groan he emptied himself inside his sisters warm hole, climbing up on the table he held her head and gentle pushed his sensitive cock into her mouth, feeling her tongue clean him.
Still hard as he always was Andrew stood again between his sisters parted thighs he tugged gently on the short chain hanging from her clit stretching her hood, Sue bucked as much as her bindings would allow which was very little with two more gentle tugs his sister came again.
Andrew was ready, as Sue laid trembling on the table he squirted a very generous amount of lube on her pussy lips, also coating his hand. Before Sue had recovered fully Andrew slid four fingers inside her open hole, Andrew finger fucked Sue with four fingers working until he was knuckle deep once he was feeling hardly any resistance Andrew pushed his thumb in alongside his fingers and watched as his hand slowly disappeared from view until Sue had taken him wrist deep, Sue was cumming again Andrew impressed with how hard her pussy was squeezing his hand, as Sue lay panting Andrew began to fuck his sister gapping cunt with his fist with long slow strokes, pulling almost out before slowly moving back inside as deep as her pussy would allow.
Sue was moaning and panting, clearly building towards a spectacular climax, Andrew was remorseless, with Sue unable to move he maintained the pace of his fisting as regular as a metronome. Sue screamed as she orgasmed Andrew didn't even slow. Still cumming Andrew reached for the small chain and began to tug her clit ring as well, Sue stayed in a permanent state of orgasm for several minutes before with a deep guttural grunt Sue squirted spraying Andrews's chest with a copious amount of clear fluids.
Smiling Andrew removed his hand and slid himself back inside Sue's arse, reaching forwards he gripped both nipple bars as he began fucking his barely conscious sister again. Andrew under the lights of the room could for the first time see his sister spread naked before him properly, her tits were perfect, topped with rock hard nipples, the bar piercing them adding to their hardness, her gaping pussy was stretched and flushed, her pussy lips puffy from arousal looked painful but Andrew knew they were also now extremely sensitive, squatting down he could see his own cum dribbling from her still open arsehole he blew across her pussy lips and watched as just the movement of air had Sue trembling and panting again.
Andrew wanted to make sure his escape would be safe, he re-inserted his fist slowly into his sisters cunt again and began to pump, building up speed, he fully intended to fuck her until she squirted again and passed out, that would give him time to hide away in his room before Sue was conscious again.
Sue found herself untied laying in a puddle of her own cum. She sat up and touched her tender pussy, still stretched wide open and sensitive she could hardly bare to touch herself. Almost in auto pilot Sue walked down the garden and hung up the blindfold, returning to the house she locked the doors and went to bed not even having the energy to shower, she was asleep in moments.