"You've created a monster Monica."
Holden Shepard found it in himself to corner his old friend outside the school library. Throwing his arm around her he recalled his very first time fucking Monica Gift in her own home after delivering pizza along with his delivery trainer, and best buddy Ryan Quinones.
"Did I?" She leans forward to pat his already tented crotch.
"Not the monster I meant, but yeah you created him too. I was talking about Jimmy Newton. He's tapping more pussy than I have in four years of high school. Look at me? I'm hotter than that pudgy bastich."
"You know exactly why he's getting all this attention."
"Is that what it's called? I've seen girls running for the closest garbage can to hurl after being with him."
"Be nice. I don't believe that. Most of the girls are actually surprised by his talents. You must be doing something wrong. Has he nailed Becca yet?"
"Not yet! God I hate the idea of fucking her after he has. Gives me the willies."
"You'll be fine. Worst case is you can cuddle with her after the trauma and tell her it's going to be alright. You can even go to therapy with her."
"So not funny." He slaps her forehead chuckling, "You heard from Ryan recently? Ever since that crap with April I'm not sure even I trust her."
"No! He's missing a lot of school this week. I hope he's okay. He won't even return my texts or calls. I thought about going next door to ask Brock but I'm not even certain his dad knows his situation. I'd hate to make Ryan more miserable if his dad bitches him out for not saying anything. Besides if I do Brock's going to want to take me to bed and watch old movies."
"Crazy! I wonder if Ryan's brother knows anything? They used to talk about stuff all the time."
She fidgets knowing that April nearly had sex with Ryan's brother Kyle, possibly Ryan wasn't even aware of that. It had actually slipped even her mind of that day at the adult bookstore. A simple shrug left it at that.
"I'll find Ryan and corner him. Let's just give him a bit more time."
"Right! See you around Beautiful." He released her and headed to his next period class.
"Peace out."
For now!
********
In the private office of Gym Coach Marion Murray whom was taking a private break from her girls upstairs in the gym...
The young ladies were playing basketball half court, the other half devoted to the boys, which kept her flock busy. She had to isolate herself after pondering more on the reality that she had lost out in buying Monica Gift at last weekends Charity Slave auction to Principal Lloyd Janson. Ever since seeing cute little Monica and some super hot blond bimbo playing with one another inside a classic car weeks ago Marion and her girlfriend Karla fantasized about enjoying the crazy little bitch in bed. She was not giving up hope.
She and Karla Selby were plotting their conquest without ruining their bond with the young woman. Marion's bond that is, considering Karla had only met Monica one time. This scheme was more on Marion than Karla but her lover was definitely all in to sin. Tempted to fire up a cigarette and break school policy Marion had to chew a piece of candy to maintain her strength. "Gift should be showing up next period for gym. I'm gonna propose a deal she can't refuse. As much as she's been getting away with of late there's no chance of her even crying foul when I discuss anything inappropriate. Come on that little bitch has gotten away with wearing body paint britches to school without anyone even knowing, or at least turning her in. Not that she would get in trouble as long as she has Janson on a leash. Damn! Now I wanna collar that kid and take her for a walk in the park alongside Karla." Good luck with that one!
Her chuckle led to her opening her bottom desk drawer for yet another peek at her strap on dildo. Why she had it at school was anybody's guess but her lust for Monica might just have something to do with it. Sighing at the mental image of herself bending Monica over her desk and fucking her with Baby, the pet name for her strapping young cad, Marion lost track of time. Ignoring her students was nothing new she usually got the group started then let them do their own thing for the hour anyway. Easy paycheck in her mind without the stress.
"Ten minutes until D-Day." She hissed at the clock on her wall. Taking her cell out she fired off a text to Karla at her own job as an interior decorator. "Here goes...Operation Gear Shift is ready to ride." Her reference to the park weeks ago when witnessing Monica literally fuck herself on a classic car's gear shifter, crazy little slut. Karla sending her a "Good Luck Mistress!" only made Marion more determined than ever to bring home a plaything for she and her sub. Ten very long minutes. Cigarette won! Three drags and a shot of Glade!
********
Leaving her Geometry class Monica was followed out by her favorite photographer and oversized puppy Jimmy Newton aka Neutron. Since acquiring his help in taking risque photos for the school yearbook he had actually grown on Monica as a true friend. From that endeavor onward she adopted him, looking out for the portly boy against the cruelty of some of the more hardened criminals in school. The deal formed between Monica and the students for his assist was not going over well, but at least the girls were slowly coming through on their ends. Required vomiting afterwards seemed natural...right? Strangely even as grotesque as some of the girls saw Jimmy, the second his massive dick reared up the vile aspect resided. Strange how that kind of evolution works isn't it?
"Hey Cheyenne?" The girl's boyfriend Darius bolted around Jimmy and Monica just as they had ran into one another. Darius was still trying to apologize for his playing with ex-girlfriend Thelma. Cheyenne was not falling for his shit again.
"Leave me alone Darius. Just let it and me go."
"But, I don't want Thelma dammit! I want you."
"Too late!" Cheyenne spotted Monica and Jimmy utilizing their crossing paths as her way out. "Yo, Jimmy? I'm ready to get it over with if you are." Grabbing Jimmy's arm she smiled brightly at him, "You should make me scream harder than Darius ever brought out in me."
"Whooooa!" Jimmy huffed with his jaw gaping, drool forming the second she said Yo.
"Don't you even Neutron." Darius doubled up his fist. Monica seeing his anger jumped in front of Jimmy. Hardly enough in her small stature to stop him a number of her other girls namely Amber Welch and Lindsey barricaded to her side as a show of unity.
"Don't you worry about him James." Cheyenne hugged Jimmy's arm just to aggrivate Darius, "He and I are soooo through. He has no say over who I see...even if it is for a few minutes."
"We...skipping class?"
"You know it Stud." She wanted to hurl but kept her appearance bright and cheery. Behind her Chey's best friend Rosa found the congregation disturbing.
"What's going on?" Rosa winced as Darius fumed, walking in circles repeatedly, a few of his friends there as back up too. It was looking like war.
"Rosie!" Chey dragged her to her opposite side, "Guess what we're going to go do?"
"Uhhh? We?"
"Yep! We're going to repay Jimmy here as promised."
"Like fuck you are." Darius was getting loud and losing it. Even Rosa whimpered a repeat of, "Like fuck I am." under her breath. She had no choice Chey was not letting go.
"What's going on out here?" A voice of higher power intervened, one that made Monica Gift invincible. "Break up whatever is going on right this instant. Darius...I demand you calm down."
"Fuck you Janson." He resisted the Principal. Lloyd was in control mode right at the moment even with his Mistress Monica present, he had a job to do. With their buddy beyond hope Darius lost his posse who threw their hands up and walked away.
"Yeah!" Monica giggled behind her books, "Fuck you Knave." His nickname when in slave mode. Monica wanted to bark her own orders but kept it civil at the moment.
"I'm gonna kick Newton's ass." Darius was becoming unpredictable.
"Do you wish to stay on the team?" Janson pulled the Athlete's feet out from under him in just that one well posed question.
"Fuck!"
"I want to." Jimmy whines at Chey and Rosa, "Both of you."
"For your own safety Jimmy you may go stay in my office until next hour." Janson knew by Monica's expression that the boy was going to need protection. With a wave of his hand Jimmy cleared his throat and led Chey and Rosa with him around Janson and Darius. Darius was ready to cry as he watched Cheyenne's cute little ass wiggle away, her head on Jimmy's arm. Rosa equally as lofty looking back at Monica with a painful look in her eye. Monica simply gave Rosa a thumbs up. Someone felt that thumb up her ass without it actually being there. Poor Rosa!
"To class the rest of you. Last warning Darius...cool down and get it together."
Seeing his ex-Thelma worried for him she attempted to walk with Darius until he growled, "Get the fuck away from me Bitch." Thelma backed off and pouted. She was not going to get her man back easily.
"Good work Knave." Monica stepped up to Janson. "Now go to your office and jack off in front of Rosa."
"Yes Mistress." Lloyd found it an honor to be told to...handle things on his end.
"So crazy!" Lindsey laughed as Lloyd left them. "How do you do that?"
Monica shrugged, "He likes me."
With next class already started the girls would all be late. In Monica's case...Marion Murray would definitely not bitch the girl out. Amber? Different story! No fair!
********
"Sorry we're late Coach." Amber Welch barged ahead of Monica, Monica flirting with the boys on the opposite court slowed her down. Lifting one side of her t-shirt up over her left tit would slow anyone down. Coach Randell seeing her turned the other way to avoid students seeing him get hard, she just had that strong of an effect over him. Today was not his day! Boys and girls alike whistled at Monica boosting her ego into sitting her books on the floor just to free up both hands and inevitably both tits. Amber laughing her ass off stood by Marion Murray and sighed. "Aren't those beautiful?"
"Yes...they...are!" Coach Murray was wiping the corners of her mouth.
"I'm going to hate graduation time, my girl there is tooo awesome. Once we get our diploma she's going to leave us."
"For where?"
"Just saying...college maybe. God I can only imagine the shit she's gonna pull there. So gonna visit her every weekend."
"Go change your panties, your sobs are rerouting.."
"Pffft! Who wears underwear these days." Amber headed on downstairs to the girls locker room. Hearing her comment Marion had to watch Amber and her booty sway, Marion had always thought even Amber was hot for her size. While not huge, her ass certainly had some added lovin'. Let's not mention her huge well documented breasts, no bra those cannonballs were hurling across the battlefield.
"Hey Marion." Monica finally made it over.
"You done you shameless Hussy?"
"Oh not even. Hold my books." She hands them over to Marion with a bubbly reaction. Seconds after Monica Gift had her shirt off and was working on unzipping her tight jeans. Slithering them down to her ankles she had forgotten her shoes. "Oopsie! I'll just shuffle." Reclaiming her books she heard cheers bounding from all angles. Marion had to laugh and hide her expression, again watching a hot little piece walking away so boldly made Marion crazy. She really wanted to take a cell pic but knew the students would see her. Bad move! Not for Coach Randell...he had his video recording even as Monica hopped step by step down the stairs. Marion seeing him motioned, "I want a copy of that." Thumbs up, Marion got her wish before she even gave chase.
"You're insane Gift." Murray called out to Monica just entering the locker room. "Before you get dressed can we talk?"
"Sure! Help me take my shoes off?"
"I can do that." Like a grumbling puppy on steroids Marion hurried to catch up. Following Monica inside Marion found Amber totally nude and taking her time getting dressed. Amber Welch was a rebel just like Monica. At her gym locker Monica entered her combination then tossed her books in, then her t-shirt. Twisting to face Marion with a full frontal view she teased her nipples and lifted her right foot, taking a pant leg with her. "Little help?"
Growling to conceal her dominance Marion kept her words minimal as she crouched to take Monica's tennis shoes off. "You could have kicked these off Gift." Being humbled against her wishes was not making Marion any happier.
"Where's the sexiness in that?"
"Trying to seduce me?" Marion chuckled, her mood lightening up.
"She seduces everybody." Amber laughed.
"You know Gift...I tried like hell to win you at the Slave for a Day Charity. Fuckin' Janson!"
"Yes I am. He's actually pretty good in bed. Eats an awesome pussy." Monica tormented Marion knowing her lesbian side wanted to sample her sweet young twat.
"Not as good as I do."
"Ohhhhh hell!" Amber stayed nude and just stood there hands on her hips.
"I need to talk to Gift alone. Get your ass dressed and go shoot hoops."
"She can hear what you have to say Marion. We're tight!"
"Are we? Are we really?" Amber reached in between her thighs and pried her labia wide to reveal a well used hole. Marion was sweating bullets at the gap.
"You're right. I bet I could easily accommodate a fist." Monica shared her own succulent void. "What were you saying Marion?"
"You sluts make me crazy. I wanna cut you a deal Gift."
"I'm listening."
"My girl Karla's parents own a beach house in Fort Lauderdale. What would you say if I got you the key to hang out there over Spring Break?"
"Whooooa! HELL YES she wants that key." Amber barged in as Marion stood up from removing Monica's shoes. Monica fidgeted at Marion as if mulling it over.
"What do you want in exchange?"
"YOU BITCH!" Marion couldn't resist keeping her yap shut. "Karla and I wanna have a night alone with you."
"So you're buying my services? I'm not bi Marion."
"She is now." Amber sneered at Monica then flared her gaze just as fast, "Hunks from all over Florida."
"I don't know Amber. I kind of like being the boss. Marion here is...bossy."
"Never gonna change Wench." Marion scowls, "Come on Gift...a week in the sun. The house even has a private pool and sauna."
"No chaperones with a Coach's whistle?"
"All to yourselves just don't trash the place."
"Taaaaaaake the deaaaal!" Amber was becoming vicious in demeanor.
"So...what? A threesome with you and Karl?"
"Karla...she's the girly one Bitch."
"I'll take one for the team." Amber changed tactics..."I'm bi."
"Tempting Welch, but Karla and I have our hearts set on tearing Gift here a new hole."
"I tried." Amber gave up in a breath, "Back to you Skank!"
"Hey!" Monica snickered, "I can squeal and deal on my own thank you very much."
"Name it Gift!"
"Are you willing to take one for the team Marion?" Monica smirked devilishly, instantly Marion knew where she was headed.
"A guy? HELL NO!"
"You would be in control!" She winked.
"What part of Dike don't you understand?" Amber added laughing. "Sorry!"
"I know she's a...anyways...I also know you dig control over others." Monica relates, "Just like I do now. You know I've got Janson by the balls right?"
"I've seen his change when you're around. Good job! What are you asking Gift?"
"Wouldn't you just love to get even with Lloyd for all the years of his strict bullshit?"
"Depends on how. I'm almost afraid to hear your counter offer."
"Strap on your big boy pants Marion. I want you to hit Lloyd where it hurts."
"Excuse me?"
"Up the ass Dike!" Amber was being a bitch but playfully.
"I'm not afraid to punch you in the nose Welch."
"No name calling...unless it's in the bedroom." Monica chuckled. "I'm good at that. I also like being called names." She teased Marion with a finger under her chin. "I want Knave to respect any thing I make him endure."
"So get a guy for him. I'm not into dudes."
"You know what I've been doing with the yearbook."
"I've picked up on it. Funny as hell actually." Marion grinned, "How come you never asked me to be in any pic?"
"There's our pic."
"Not following."
"Let me take a picture of you hitting Lloyd up the ass with a strap on. I know you have one."
"Bottom desk drawer even." Amber winced with knowledge.
"How the fuck do you know that I have one in my desk?"
"I didn't until now. SUCKER!!" Amber bluffed the woman.
"We've all suspected you did. No biggy Marion."
"Oh it's a biggy." She chuckled. "Follow me. We have twenty minutes of class left. I'll show it off." With her office connected to the locker room there was no cross country trek. Entering her office with the two totally nude young women Marion unlocked her desk drawer and brought out Big Baby, Baby for short, but the dildo was hardly short standing tall at a good ten inches.
"That's huge." Amber bulged her eyes and touched the rubber texture of it. "I wanna try it. Put it in Coach." The busty brunette bent forward over the side of Marion's desk. Chuckling Marion strapped herself in and stroked it like a guy for laughs. "Need lube Welch?"
"I can take it."
"Alright! Watch and learn Gift. Watch and yearn." Easing the dildo up to Amber from behind the stiff crown pushed through her labia and penetrated. Heaving in and out a good seven times Amber was moaning and full of banter.
"Harder Manior...I mean Marion." Her kind of ridicule crossing her being Manly and the donkey Eeyore, she being an ass. Regardless she pinned the tail to the backside with precision.
"You're a pisser Welch." She winked at Monica.
"Squirter too."
"Wanna try it Gift? I'll let you borrow Big Baby to ream ole' Lloyd."
"Nope! You're doing it. I want you in the yearbook fucking Lloyd up the ass. It won't look obvious you'll be wearing clothes. Like all of the photos Jimmy took of the students in compromising positions or hidden nudity. It's called stealth bombing."
"Damn you Gift! I told you I'm not into guys. Even though it would be funny to make an ass out of ole' Janson."
"Well I'm not really into girls either but I'll agree to Karla and you if you do this for me."
"Swear on it?"
"Key to the condo?"
"It's a house, but I'll get it. Karla can sweet talk her parents into anything."
"So can I." Monica bats her eyes.
"Hey! Get busy back there." Amber laughed. Marion gave up and nailed Amber hard until she came around the Baby. Such a good boy!
"You have next hour free...meet me in Janson's office. I'm going to get dressed and head out early. Don't fail me Marion."
"Don't fail us Gift."
"DON'T FAIL ME BABY!"
Amber got another five minutes of tough love.
********
Lloyd Janson's private office, far enough from the secretary's to never be bothered unless it was an emergency. The ladies in the steno crew were old and less likely to budge from their desks anyway. Besides they had a TV to watch their soap operas on.
"Holy shit Jimmy!" Cheyenne had endured the hefty Jimmy Newton fucking her missionary on Janson's desk. His unexpected talents and girth were doing their job to the point every girl that had fulfilled their part of Monica's agreement was losing their sanity in a good way. Repulsive or not Jimmy hit and hit hard. His worthy performance was certainly taking her mind off of Darius. Cumming with a powerful climax Cheyenne threw her arms around his neck and clung to him like she was dangling over alligators, nails digging into his shirt sharply.
"Ow!" He mumbled. "That hurts Chey."
"Never thought I'd ever say this but hit me again James." She was really needy suddenly. To her right Rosa stood against the wall by the door whining over why she had to witness this let alone take part at some point. While a wild one at heart Rosa was picky about guys, Jimmy Newton was not remotely her type. Even worse across from her sitting in his desk chair off to the center of his office was Principal Lloyd "Knave" Janson with his pants down to his ankles jerking off, his eyes locked on to Rosa. Cringing under the stress Rosa hadn't even realized her hands were roaming over her body nervously but enticingly just the same. The why would cross her mind in 3...2...1...BAM! BAM! BAM!
Beside her right shoulder the office door was beat on by an aggressive knocker. Everyone in the room bulged their eyes. They knew Lloyd had locked his door and his blind was drawn down to hide anyone within, yet the worry over being busted still made them all freeze like deer in a solar flare. "OPEN UP...IT'S THE POPO!"
Knowing instantly it was Monica Gift, Rosa frowned at Lloyd, he of everyone in the room was less stressed, he hadn't stopped jerking off toward Rosa for longer than two seconds. He was dedicated to fulfilling what Mistress Monica had ordered of him. Of course her yelling outside his door would likely draw attention. He knew he should stop but...he just couldn't. Who needed a job anyway?
Looking out the corner of the blind Rosa was met with extraordinarily huge eyes, well...hooters that is. Monica had her tits pressed up against the window, her areolas like huge eyes. Laughing at her Rosa unlocked the door and let Monica enter. Stepping over the threshold with both hands up under her shirt palming her tits Monica firstly eyed Lloyd seeing him increase his efforts with an expression of yearn toward his Mistress joining them. Blocking the door from being shut Rosa whimpered, "Move!"
"Leave it open until the bell goes off it's more erotic. Look at you go Jimmy." She switched glances toward his cottage cheese ass cheeks jiggling with each downward collision with Cheyenne's trickling cunt. Hearing Cheyenne praising Jimmy made Monica smile, he needed the confidence boost. Turning her attention back on Rosa, Monica grabbed her wrist and took her over to Jimmy planting her hand on his ass cheek. "Jimmy is God for the next hour. Worship him."
"WHAT?" Rosa yelped.
"Pay back Bitch!"
"I soooo fucking hate you Monica." Hearing that Monica smiled devilishly and took it a step further in lifting Rosa's skirt to reveal her own caramel colored butt. "What are you doing?"
"Giving Knave inspiration."
"WHAT?" Repeat performance Rosa leers over her left shoulder at Principal Janson with horror, presuming Monica expected her to fuck him. That's the thought when a girl yanks your thong to your knees unexpectedly. "MONICA!!"
"Quiet down Mi Amiga! Just concentrate on Jimmy."
"Please don't let...him fuck me."
"Not Knave...no worries, but he will cum on your ass. It's only jizz."
"I'm going to tear your eyes out after this." Rosa sneers but diverts her gaze to exploring Jimmy's ass and watching his balls slam into her best friend's thighs. She nearly dry heaved, it was there, just not willing. Behind her stood Lloyd coaxed to his feet by Monica into jerking over Rosa's bottom, Monica holding her skirt up for him. Just as the bell rang both Jimmy and Lloyd nutted hard. Now Rosa heaved and had to step away for a garbage can. Still no hurl just a hover!
Monica swiftly went to shut the door and lock it. Pointing for Knave to take his seat again and keep stroking for another round, Monica moved to the front of the desk and reached down to pet Cheyenne's raven black hair. "Was that so hard?"
"I'm still hard." Jimmy chuckled, "Wanna go again Chey?"
"Yes!"
"No! It's Rosa's turn. Let my girl up Jimbo."
"Awww maaaan!" He peeled his sweaty body from Cheyenne's glistening beauty, pores literally trying to keep them together. Cheyenne seeing him back out of her cunt and shoot a left behind thread of cum across her clit made her bulge her eyes.
"Shit! He came inside me." Recognition time was not as joyous as the sex itself.
"Knave get over here." Monica barks but plants her palm on Cheyenne's tummy to keep her down. "Step aside Romeo." Jimmy shuffles out of Lloyd's way as Monica points at the thin streak of jizz on Chey. "Clean my girl up Knave."
"Yes Mistress." Lloyd bent forward and licked Cheyenne's cunt clean of Jimmy's cum. Now Jimmy had to seek out the garbage can fighting with Rosa over it. Cheyenne watching Lloyd's tongue lapping her own juices just flopped her head back on the desk and cringed. In her thoughts she said, "I broke up with Darius for this shit?" Monica motioned Lloyd away and assisted Cheyenne up. Once up and sitting both Cheyenne and Monica looked over at Jimmy and Rosa. The trash can no longer in hand Rosa was now sitting in Lloyd's swivel chair and Jimmy was on his knees between her legs.
"He didn't waste any time did he?" Monica chuckled at Chey while rubbing her back to calm her fears. Her shift was over but wasn't in any hurry to get dressed.
"I...fucked Jimmy Neutron." Chey mumbled at Monica then puckered her lower lip, "Am I bonkers for...wanting more of that?"
"Take a number!" Monica smirked, "He's winning you sluts over." A timid nod Chey might just agree with that.
"OH MY GOD! His tongue is fantastic." Rosa knew she was going to regret admitting that. She was still queasy even letting Jimmy Newton near her but that wagging ability was winning her over.
"Knave? Help Rosa out of that skirt and top. Jimmy gets full advantage of all you ho's."
"WHAT?" Rosa belted out her favorite nerve release. Giving in to Lloyd who was unbuttoning her shirt and removing her arms from it, Rosa's huge tits slipped free for Jimmy's eyeballs to enjoy while peering over his brow. His tongue swirling busily preventing him from lifting his head away from her vulva, simply admired her tits.
The skirt was a bit more difficult under her given situation. Knave only able to unzip it in back had no options in removing it from her body. Looking at Monica with defeat, his dick waning at having failed his Mistress he dropped to his knees and cowered over with his face to the carpet. Cheyenne seeing Janson's behavior found a mad respect for Monica.
"I fail you Mistress. I will accept whatever punishment you decree."
"You're useless Knave." She barked but winked at Cheyenne. "I guess Jimmy needs to do the rest. Right Rosa?"
"Yeeeeeessss!" She whimpered with her own divided thoughts on Jimmy's wagger...swagger...no just wagger. "Help me Jimmy." Without his tongue leaving her cunt she lifts her hips and encourages her skirt over her ass and down over Jimmy's face. Leaving it there she at least didn't have to look into his face. Cloaked by the cotton skirt he merely lifted her legs at the knee and guided the skirt over her kneecaps and letting her pull her feet free of it. That damned skirt was now Jimmy's bib. Bon appetite Mister Newton! Minion on a mission Jimmy refused to stop eating her out. Not even a tsunami ended his pleasure, or hers.
Five minutes after the next period bell sounded a knock on the door with a seeming code in it's rap was heard. Monica smirked at Cheyenne as she considered getting dressed. "Chillax Nudey Lou. I invited someone, well...a couple of someone's. Don't panic."
"As long as it's not Darius."
"Nope! But...vengeance will be yours." A wiggle of devious eyebrows Monica moves to the door and double checks on the visitors outside. "Oh, this is gonna be good." Thoughts concealed Monica opens the door and ushers in Coach Marion Murray and of all people...Chey's arch enemy Thelma. Once entering Thelma noticed Cheyenne and tried to retreat but Marion prevented escape.
"What the heck Monica?" Thelma pouted. "Why am I here if Cheyenne is?"
"Because you bitches are gonna dick it out...I mean dike it...I mean duke it out." She then whispered, "Sorry Marion."
"I'm good. Fuck Cheyenne...can I do her too?" Marion mumbled into Monica's ear.
"Another time. You bring Big Baby?"
"I am NOT a big baby." Thelma overheard.
"Big other things." Chey rolled her eyes. "Spill it Gift, why is Thelma here? I wanna know too."
"Because you two need to get it together. We're going to Fort Lauderdale for Spring Break and I won't tolerate any conflict. Either talk this through or you sit here all day in the Principal's office. RIGHT KNAVE?"
"Yes Mistress!"
"Daaaamn!" Coach Murray lifted a brow at how pussy whipped Janson was. "I never knew you were a pussy Janson."
"More than you are Murray." He grumbled against his better judgment.
"WHAT WAS THAT KNAVE?" Monica stepped over to Janson and planted her left foot on top of his head pressing his face into the carpet. "DID I JUST HEAR YOU TALK DOWN TO MY FRIEND MARION?"
"Forgive me Mistress. I shall apologize."
"OHHHHHH NO! THAT DESERVES SOME SERIOUS PUNISHMENT KNAVE. GET THE FUCK UP!" She removed her foot and he hurried to his feet. "BEND YOUR SORRY ASS OVER YOUR...MY DESK!"
"Yes Mistress!" He shuffled around Thelma and Marion, moving behind Cheyenne in her seat on his desktop. Bending over the desk without argument he awaited whatever punishment his Mistress had in mind. Monica was becoming damn good at this role, even though in truth she was all bottom feeder, preferring to be the toy to hot young...older men. Either one!
"Stay put Knave!" Monica turned to Thelma, "Clothes off!"
"Excuse me?" Thelma swallowed gazing at Marion.
"Seen you in the showers Cutie!" Marion chuckled, "No need to be shy now."
"Right! We're ALL friends here...right Cheyenne?"
"Whatever! Get on with this I'm missing classes."
"ALL FORGIVEN!" Knave blurts out.
"From the horses mouth." Monica cast a thumb toward Janson. "No one is getting into trouble. Clothes off Thelma."
"For Jimmy?"
"For all of us. Just do it."
"Uggggggh!" Thelma caved and took her jeans off first then her pull over top. No bra only a bright orange G-string left on her person aside socks.
"Slingshot and bobby's too."
"Dammit Monica." She growled and took her socks off.
"Here let me help you." Marion set her bag on the floor and crouched behind Thelma to pinch and peel her G-string down over her ass enjoying the string slipping through her crack. "Ohh that's nice. Showers never give me a good hard look at you gals."
"Seriously?" Thelma whimpered at Monica.
"Relax Thelma Louise I'm not gonna lick ya, just drive you off that cliff." The Coach chuckled. "Might keep this G-string though. Smells yummy."
"Go for it. I'll never wear that again after this nightmare." Once off of her toes Marion did indeed keep it for lunch. "Fine! Jimmy looks busy." Thelma expected to get stuck with the pudgy nerd but he was still dining on Rosa's cunt, she having squirted three times already beneath his savagery. Her eyes were long lost behind her brow and she could barely even moan anymore.
Monica gripping Thelma's arms from behind now that Marion vacated her sniffing spot, walked her toward Cheyenne until they stood facing one another. "Chey? Crawl backwards and lay on Knave like a pillow."
"You've gotta be kidding." Rolling her eyes Cheyenne just went with it. Janson made a decent enough cushion.
"Thelma sit on the desk." Grumbling at her situation Thelma turned briefly and took Chey's old seat. Monica then lifted Thelma's legs and forcefully drug her around to again face Cheyenne. Legs over one another Thelma yelped nearly falling backwards off the desk but Marion caught her. Curious where this was going Marion nodded her approval. "Alright you two. Enough bickering over who gets whom. You both crush on Darius hard so either fight it out here on the desk or share and share alike."
"She can have Darius." Chey shook her head.
"You know you're crazy in love with him so stop trying to look tough. Duel!"
"WHAAAAAAAAAAAT?" They both looked at Monica like she was crazy.
"You heard me. Crush on Darius where he makes you both feel good."
"I am soooo not scissoring with her."
"Scissors cut strings. Either you girls cut the bullshit and get along or Fort Lauderdale is not happening."
"What's this Fort Lauderdale crap?" Cheyenne looked bewildered.
"My gift...for GIFT!" Marion chuckled, "Beach house Spring Break...on me and my girl Karla."
"But only if you two make up. You two were good friends before Darius put a wall up between you. So...slap labia you bitches."
"I like you more and more Gift." Marion smirked.
"What's not to lust?" A ventured wink toward the Coach.
"We doing this or punching Monica out?" Thelma was caving, trying not to laugh. Chey shook her head more and finally invited Thelma closer by using her foot to drag her.
"Let's get this over with so I can go home and get drunk." Chey relented, Thelma sliding in with legs tangling. Once cunts battled the war was in full force, strangely fun for both.
"Hell of a matchmaker Gift." Marion huffed. "We're doing that tonight at my place right?"
"Karla first." Monica razzes the Coach, "Ready to Man Up?"
"No! I'm ready to punch you myself." She sighs then retrieves her bag on the floor. Dragging out her strap on dildo Big Baby, Marion starts to put it on over her pants.
"Ah ah ah! If we're naked you're naked." Monica halts her advancement over the belts.
"You're cutting out my heart Gift." Marion observes Monica facing her while unzipping her pants to tug them and her panties down. Marion being medium build with a bit of pooch in the belly felt insecure until Monica just went for it. Crouching Monica kissed Marion's pubic jungle and licked her clit twice. Standing up again after a shiver she began unbuttoning Marion's shirt whipping it open. A reach around unclasping her bra led Monica to uncup her Coach and kiss her nipples. Marion was all in now! "Let me do this before I lose my nerve. You better not renege suckering me into this Gift."
"SANDY BEACHES!" Monica whoops as she steps behind Marion, grossed out but maintaining good behavior. Team player indeed! Taking Marion's shirt and bra off she left her pants at her ankles. Good enough she thought. Once undressed Marion begins buckling on Big Baby and watching Chey and Thelma really getting into it. Marion so wanted those two cunts. It was all she could do to strap herself in with her big Boy burden. Even glancing over at Rosa crunched up in Janson's chair squealing at being chowed down on made Marion's mouth water.
"Does Newton gotta be in here?" Marion was feeling weird about guys. Bad enough she had to deal with Janson.
"Don't even look at him. You just punish my Knave."
"You can borrow Big Baby and do it yourself."
"I'll borrow him regardless. Now get in there Chump...I mean Champ." A slap on Marion's ass made the lesbian snarl.
"You're gonna pay for that tonight."
"I'll bring my piggy bank, we can both squeal."
"Bringing home the bacon." Marion hissed then took a glance at Janson's ass, "Here's to hog wild." Easing up behind Lloyd he sensed an arrival...emphasis on the rival part of the word. He knew Marion Murray for what she was, and now she knew him for what he was. Neither of them would ever bring this day up in conversation again. Humiliation on both counts.
"Wait!" Monica dug into Marion's bag for a bottle of lube and stroked off Marion. "Feel good Baby?" She giggled at Marion.
"Rock hard Gift!" Shrugging playfully while wincing Monica rubbed lube around Janson's asshole.
"Take it like a woman Knave."
"Yessssss Missssssstressssss!" Each S followed Marion's insertion. She was going to need to borrow that waste can before she was done. The competing ladies on the desk bulged their eyes at seeing Marion fucking Janson up the ass. Hearing Lloyd mumbling, "I live to serve. I live to serve." only made them want to laugh. Enthusiasm rising the girls found it funny to mock one another.
"He's mine!" Chey chuckled rubbing her cunt hard over Thelma's wet slit.
"No! He's mine!"
"MINE!"
"MINE!"
Even Rosa in her lost reality was moaning, "Mine! He's mine!" Jimmy was the Man! While ego thrived Jimmy did picture Sonya. For all of two minutes! Enough eating he stood up and spun Rosa in her chair to roll it back behind Janson's desk where it was still clear. Dragging Rosa to her trembling feet he threw her over Chey and Thelma grabbing Rosa by her hair and penetrating her from behind. Rosa gasped at his big dick ramming deep and looked up at her bestie Chey while mouthing, "OH MY GOD!" Chey nodded, "Yes he is!" Thelma? "Yes Darius is." OH HELL NO! Another CoUNTry heard from.
Monica loved how everyone was bonding. Even Marion found it in her to laugh about it. "How am I doing Lloyd?" Marion huffed, thrusting hard into his ass. All she could hear was a muffled, "I'll live."
"So...6:00 my place?" Marion grinned at Monica.
""Until 9:00!"
"Ha! 6 to 9! 69!"
"I'll ring the door ball." Monica knelt under Lloyd and squeezed his balls until his dick shot up. "Ding! Dong! Ding! Dong! Anyone home Knave?"
"Knave? I love it. I call Karla Fluffy...cuz she's my pet puss puss!"
"Puss puss! Too funny. Isn't that hilarious Knave?" She jerked his dangling dick like a milk cow's udder.
"Maybe I should call you Moo Moo!" Marion found Mistress Monica's milking technique amusing. "Hurry up and get him off I'm getting winded."
"Does Knave want to cum really, really hard for his Mistress?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! FUCK MY ASS MURRAY!" He lost his composure, feelings mixed over his humiliation.
"Hey! Give me a break Asshole!" She laughed, "Ain't easy fucking the wrong side of pussy." Regardless she added a bit more aggression. "Fire in the whole!" Her hiss had meaning. Seconds later it was a community cum show. All for one! One for all! Lloyd Janson nutted all over Monica's hand as she palmed his crown with a vice like grip. Thelma and Chey flooded one another still mumbling, "Mine! Mine!" Jimmy detonated up inside Rosa like a force of nature she screaming until Chey covered her besties mouth. Another bell ringing closed out the Stock Market.
Hurrying to get dressed everyone congregated at the door until Janson got his shit together in order to appear professional. Monica releasing him as Knave to be himself he looked at her coldly. A swift jab of her finger into his chest he apologized. She smeared his cum all over his face just to make a point. Even as he opened his office door he wore his facial.
Students prowling the halls were curious in seeing Jimmy walk out all smug and looking as if he killed a bear with his...bare hands. Seeing Sonya he changed his demeanor quickly. A sad expression on the redhead's face he decided to face the music. Like a rock star he barged up to her and kissed her hard against a set of lockers. Applause made their day. Too bad she tasted Rosa on his lips.
Darius and his posse loomed nearby too, he observing Thelma and Cheyenne all chummy. Once eyes all met the girls joined forces and swooped in to both hug Darius at the same time. He wasn't certain how to react to hearing their dueling, "Mine! Mine! Mine! Mine!" Another ego rose to new heights. He was gonna get one hell of a threesome after school. Fences were never going to be white picket but at least they weren't barbwire either.
Rosa still reeling from her drama at Jimmy Newton's ferocity wandered the halls like a zombie. It wasn't until she ran into tiny Thea King and her gigantic boyfriend, he saying, "Wait up Baby." that she realized something.
"Oh fuck! I'm not on birth control." Baby better wait up! "No no no no!"
Marion Murray, bag in hand chuckled at Janson's smeared cum all over his face. He glared at her whispering, "Ever do that again...I'll pay you." Marion shook her head and replied, "Not for a million fucks! Bad enough I'm throwing my baby in a dumpster after that." Both ended their banter by calling it as they saw it, "DICK!" His version mispronounced but true.
Monica Gift? She sat in Lloyd's chair and propped her feet on his desk.
It was good to be Queen!
"So many servants so little time!"
Famous last words!
"Shit! I forgot to take a pic of Marion for the yearbook."
That was the wHOLE point!