(Reader's Note: This story is part of the ongoing Rex series and takes place after Rex's Horny Halloween)
Rex Davenport, the forty year-old ginger haired executive, lay under the warm, soft duvet dreaming...imagining? It was a mixture of both surely. His mind was full of Halloween costumes and naked men and sex! His nearly naked body felt spent but pleasantly aroused...and his head swam in circles- WHAT an almighty headache! Too much drink he guessed.
The house was quiet, hell....work! He knew he had so much to do. Thank God he had that new assistant, Claude! Visions of the sexy mid-20's blond young man filled his head. His uncut man-tool surged...his hand stroked it. Sex was always on his mind lately.
His mind carried on slowly waking up...but the headache was so annoying.
He recalled sexy bear Rolf with a smile and a definite tingle in his uncut cock; the sex toy demonstration at the party was so awesome. He'd been completely exposed to all the guests...what a night for Rex- the exhibitionist!
His green eyes opened to the shadows of early morning, the room's curtains still drawn tightly...he glanced at the bedside clock.
8:47 AM! FUCK! He shot up- cringed- so dizzy....this was not good his inner voice said loudly.
He pushed off the duvet...and saw in the shadows he was naked apart from one long black sock.
How the hell had he managed to get to bed? He recalled Dutton's house, the Devil making love to him or nearly making love and then nothing. His mind was a mess!
He wondered if his sex guru houseguest Lorna, the hottest over 60 MILF he'd ever known or hoped to meet, was anywhere to be found.
He attempted to stand, the room spun...he stayed seated.
"Lorna, hello...are you around?" he feebly called out.
The door to the upstairs hallway opened slowly, and a busty figure dressed in a bright pink kimono-style housedress with a plunging neckline stepped in with a steaming mug of fresh brewed coffee.
Her full soft lips were painted in a matching shade of pink as the kimono and she giggled like a schoolgirl.
"Does someone I know have a big bad rotten hangover?"
"Yes, and I want a full report of my debauchery after I drink that so needed coffee. You are a saint; you have learned my needs oh so fucking well. What did I do before you came and swooped into my life?" Rex said easing his tall frame back into bed.
Lorna loved his near complete nakedness before her now. She eyed him hungrily. Even hung-over and dishevelled- he was sexy beyond measure.
"I have no idea, thank goodness I will only be moving down the street in a few weeks. You do need a nursemaid...and maybe a naughty French maid too!" she said handing him the coffee and winking in a suggestive way. Her large body felt alive as she flirted...how she loved turning him on!
Her short greying dark hair was attractively pulled back today and her round face was just about framed perfectly. Rex admired this view as she watched him sipping coffee...nude!
"I am going to be so damn late..." Rex began to say in between sips, but he was cut short.
"Sorted, I called that new young man Claude at your office, you have the day off...he's coming here with a few papers later and that is the extent of your work day!" Lorna said sitting on the edge of the bed and finding Rex's one socked size eleven foot and stroking the soft high arch slowly and with a bit of naughty playfulness.
"Dare I ask, what the hell happened to my other sock? I love this pair; did I come home minus a sock?" Rex said shaking his head slowly in disbelief.
Lorna looked at the handsome face and the very untidy reddish golden hair and smiled.
"You are missing one sock and one pair of nice black bikini undies...now, as a sexually alert highly mature woman I say...somebody was a naughty boy!" she giggled as she found his big toe and squeezed it tightly in her long fingers.
Her nose enjoyed the musky leathery aroma of the remaining sock on that dear well-sculptured foot.
Lorna, of course had notions of all that went on; Rex had no idea of her voyeuristic spying on him at the Halloween party- watching it all in disguise for hours. And of her two gay male elder cronies who also tried to keep tabs on him. Lorna had many secrets, many!
"That Dutton Carter must have really enjoyed you...by the state of you. You were obviously dropped off by him or his butler on the doorstep late last night in a drunken stupor and naked- apart for this sock and that pile of clothes and a gift no doubt!" she said standing up and retrieving an object.
She presented Rex with the Blue Magic dildo.
Rex smiled... "Oh Hell! What did I do last night? If only I knew. I have a feeling I came a few times- actually I did cum, a man knows when he's cum! Maybe I will get a few reports from others who witnessed my deflowering or who knows what!"
Lorna playfully stroked the dildo tip along his gently furry chest, around his pink man-nipples and down to his flat tummy.
The fact Rex lay nude and semi-erect before his dear mentor meant nothing really- it was natural for him...he loved being naked! Showing off for adoring viewers was his biggest thrill.
The nearly six foot stud placed the empty coffee cup on the bedside table.
"What time is my new little hottie Claude coming over?" he said stretching and placing his muscular arms behind his head.
"Oh, after lunch sometime...why?" Lorna said sitting back on the bed edge and tapping the Blue Magic dildo on her meaty thigh.
Rex's uncut cock rose and filled and touched his belly now. The ample silken foreskin began to pull slightly away from his cherry red knob and it oozed a clear pre-cum now in the shadowy light peeping in around the curtains.
He and Lorna were so damn close and getting closer each day, Rex felt smitten towards this older brassy super sexy lady. She turned him on LOTS!
Lorna had instructed nephew Collin to lay low...and wait. His introduction was going to be a shocker for dear Uncle Rex.
"I hear orgasms are great for headaches...or so they say!" Rex said really laying back and using his most attractive smile he had on file.
He had no idea what she and his yet to be seen nephew had done to him in bed last night...he was clueless! Lorna loved the erotic photos she'd taken of the passed out stud...even in that drunken state- he photographed well!
"Thanks for putting me to bed...lugging me up the stairs...what a lot for a houseguest to cope with!" Rex said eyeing her with those big green eyes that said -- come and get me!
"Well, my dear Rex...I had some help. Now, relax...it's all under control. Your nephew Collin has been kicked out of his home and is staying with you for the time being!" Lorna said as carefully as she could.
The change in mood was instant, from sexy to panic!
"What the fuck? Collin? I have not seen that kid in years. Hell he's no kid, he's a man. Twenty-one now I think, Hell! My brother is a shit. Poor Collin! And he saw his uncle drunk and out of his head last night. Naked too! He must think I am a real man-whore!" Rex said looking rather sick.
"Relax, he thinks you are awesome and trust me...he needs you! He's in the other spare room and literally came with nothing. He looks awful and needs clothes, a haircut...a job! And I have offered him some work. Just taking care of things for me at my new house...it's not charity- I need a chore boy! And so do you!" Lorna said stroking Rex's forehead and smoothing the untidy strands of hair back into place.
"You are a miracle worker, Lorna! I wanted to spend the morning in bed with you...but now I should meet my nephew again after all these years, the little boy is a man now! I better get dressed!" Rex said moving to get up.
"No need. Collin saw...all there is to see last night. And I think he's gay...so stay as you are Uncle Rex. I feel he needs a role model like you- just as you are!" Lorna said putting Blue Magic down on the bedside table near her and rising up.
She gently eased her large but shapely body over to the open door and called, "Collin, come see your Uncle Rex. He's joined us in the world of the living again!"
Rex so wanted his needy nephew to like him, NO- love him! Need him! This was such a dream come true, a young man to mentor and guide. Rex arranged himself proudly, legs crossed at his ankles with one sock on, one sock off. He looked regal on the bed and still erect! His manhood throbbed...lying on his middle in a festoon of rusty golden ringlets of pubes!
Collin, still wearing a few old oversized items from Rex's soon-to-be charity clothes pile, walked in. His short thin body looked nervous and a bit unsteady. His black framed plastic spectacles taped together looked even worse!
The dark haired boy of twenty-one needed a haircut badly!
"Hello...Uncle Rex...it's me, little Collin!" he said, his eyes drinking in the naked mature man whom he had fallen completely in love with last night. His uncle was so amazing! His supple skin, his lush hair...his green soulful eyes! That juicy cock...what long foreskin! And those manly big feet...even his toes...HOT! Collin felt weak!
"Collin, you have grown- lots! It's been too long. Lorna told me all, you can stay as long as you want. My house is your house. Please just feel relaxed and let me, us (pointing to Lorna) help you get back on your feet," Rex said with those green eyes looking very soft and loving towards this waif.
Lorna added, "He already calls me Auntie Lorna...so I think all things are looking bright!" Lorna smiled and patted Collin tenderly.
Watching Rex be so relaxed, sexually aroused and fully naked before this young man made her clit throb. This was a voyeur's dream come true. Everything about Rex was!
Rex was about to say more when Collin looked at Lorna, he knew he was taking cues from her now, and offered to make some breakfast.
"I am no cook but I can make a mean scrambled egg on toast!" the nervous young man said.
Lorna lit up, "Yes, perfect. Let your uncle get himself sorted out and we'll both join you in the kitchen."
Collin nodded and smiled and trotted off...happy and more alive than he'd been in years of living with his abusive creep of a dad. How could Uncle Rex be his dad's only sibling? They were night and day...thank God! Collin mused and walked casually to the kitchen. His uncut small cock wiggled in wonderment at how sexy his uncle was awake. Passed out he was gorgeous. But awake...a dreamboat!
Lorna shut the bedroom door as Collin vanished.
She stood, back rested on the doorframe...her eyes on her HOT man muse!
"You know, you did not have to rent a house. You could have stayed here too...all three of us. You know that...right?" Rex said patting the bed, wanting Lorna back!
"Yes, I know. But I like my space and who knows, in a year or two...maybe I will move in!" she said walking slowly over to the bed on her bare feet. Under her kimono she was raw....warm, ready!
The kitchen below had come to life. Collin was making himself busy and at home.
Naked Rex, still legs crossed at his ankles, began to stroke his cock. The foreskin easily riding back and forth...pre-cum seeping out and dribbling on his fingers.
The fact Lorna was watching from the foot of his bed was HOT! He loved showing off his sexual skills to men and women...the pansexual life was wonderful. Everybody and anybody appealed to Rex!
"When you said 'sort out myself' did you mean you'd help sort me out or is this another solo performance? Just want to know...I know you love a good show, you horny hot sex pot, you!" Rex said, his fingers moving faster. His toes clenching...his fit mature body flexing in slight erotic spasms.
Lorna's breath grew heavy now. Her own bodily response had begun. The sexual air was increasing in the room.
Her way of getting Rex to watch her was simple...reveal herself slowly. And he knew it, she knew it. They played this way!
Her delicate fingers pulled down one side of the low-cut top of the kimono and out fell her ample right breast. A full swollen nipple crowing its delicious tip; the robust pink redness of the areola making Rex's mouth water!
Her eyes met his....she licked her lips. This was how they made love...for now! A visual playground...each watching, wanting and pleasing the other through visual performances of erotic and sexual displays. It was magical.
"Open the curtain a bit...I wanna really see you!" Rex moaned as his hips began to work and his hand thrummed his engorged large cock harder.
Lorna stepped to her side and pulled one curtain open, light flooded the room. Both could see more now.
The speed of Rex's hand increased and Lorna moved her own fingers of her left hand under the now raised front of the silky kimono.
Now Rex saw her perfect nest- a sight he'd seen so little of...mysterious, delightfully hairy and full! Her moist fleshy labia were large and visible as arousal made them bloom! Her fingers sank inwards, Rex watched and stroked madly.
Rex's toes convulsed. He was so close now!
He wanted to fuck; he wanted to shove himself deep inside that warm nest. He wanted this big busty MILF riding his cock-hard and fast!
"Come on, sit on me...let me feel you all around me!" Rex pleaded and his hand stroked with mounting need.
Lorna moved and knelt on the foot of the bed by his socked toes on one foot. She opened her large thighs and pushed her now gaping pussy downward until his big toe was pressing her electrified clitty.
Rex wiggled his toe as Lorna spread her outer lips wide for him...his black sock toe was sodden now, her juices flowed.
"You'll fuck me...not yet, soon...soon!" she crooned as she came...and came!
Her eyes rolling back, her breathing coming in fast rasps and sudden coughs. She almost fell off his big toe...but she sank lower and his entire top half of his socked foot entered her cavern! She let out a shout, a cry...she trembled all over!
"I want to eat you, sit on my face...let me...let me!" he begged like a child wanting a cookie.
Rex too was plummeting over the cliff edge and shooting cum onto his tummy...loops of creamy hot man-seed now dappled and dripped onto his golden fuzzy furred middle. His abdomen rising and falling in quick pulses.
He yelped and sighed. His head beat the pillow, once- twice! Headache be damned! This was pain therapy of the sexual kind!
Meanwhile down in the kitchen, nephew Collin fried the eggs...he thought he heard a shout? A thud? Odd noises...must be coming from next-door he said to himself.
***********************************
The voyeuristic erotic tale continues in, "What's Bugging Uncle Rex? PT. 02" Thanks to all of you! Much more to come! Carol and DJXXX