It was a fantastic day. I dumped my wife Becky of 12 years at a Reno brothel. With her millions in recent inheritance I bought the 3 bedroom house next door to me. I was hoping that I would be able to rent it to some nice-looking women. When these two young attractive coeds going to UCI, asked to rent it they were better than imagined. As I interviewed them for the rental, I began fantasizing about what they looked like naked from under those revealing outfits.
The sandy blond haired slim girl was named Suzy Faulkner. She was petite with a nice body, but not pretty. Her breast weren't that big either, but those legs dangling from under the tight pink shorts were very appealing. I even fantasized about seeing her pussy lips outlined from under the body-hugging fabric. She wore a crop top and had her belly button pierced with an ornament hanging from it. She wasn't facially attractive, but her big blue eyes and kissable lips made up for it. Also, she seemed serious and didn't smile during the interview. When I had her walking in front of me, she had a very tight rounded ass. I could see the tight shorts accentuated her ass crack. I thought to myself that she would look nice being on all fours with my cock buried in her.
On the other hand, her friend was named Jackie Lovey, was very bubbly by giggling a lot. She was taller by many inches. Her red hair, blue eyes and a flirtatious smile would give any normal guy an instant erection. She also had very beautiful facial features. I loved her smile. That hot body of hers with nice tits, which I guessed were D's in size, was enough to entice anyone. A skinny waist, long legs and a very nice round ass, gave me a hard on that I tried to hide. She was wearing a short tennis skirt, matching tight top and she told me she was just done with tennis practice. This time I was good and kept my eyes looking into her eyes, but did glance down at those big melons every so often. The tips of her nipples were somewhat visible from under her top.
After some time and while they were filling out the rental application, I scanned their bodies, but especially Jackie's. We talked and I found out a lot about them. To my disappointment Jackie had a boyfriend, but Suzy was in between relationships. When they left, I told them I would let them know the next day. I wanted to make sure they could afford the 2k in rent, although they assured me that their parents were footing the bill. I knew instantly that I was going to rent the house to them. I've been waiting a few months for the perfect women to continue my hypnotic experimentation on making girls uncontrollable promiscuous sluts. They were perfect objects for the training. I couldn't wait to see these lovely creatures naked.
I had wired the house with cameras and mics to see and hear everything that went on. Being 40 year old pervert with an absentee whore wife for the last 6 months, I was more than ready to get these unsuspecting girls under my control.
I had practiced the hypnotic technique on my wife a few years ago and it took some experimenting to finally get the results I wanted. I only decided to use Becky, when I found out that she had cheated on me for years with her boss at work. Instead of becoming angry I decided to get revenge. That's when I found a book describing how to hypnotize anyone and control them. I bought it and the equipment that was needed. After several failed attempts, did I buy a special lamp and use drugs. Becky called me a pussy all the time and controlled everything. It was about time to turn the tables on her. When Becky, my 36 year old average looking wife with DD tits finally went under, I didn't know what I would make her do. Being a strong minded woman, I never thought it would really work. Then I got the idea to make the cheating bitch a fucking whore.
I started her off slowly at swinger parties. It only took a few months to get her to lose weight and beg to be fucked. It was fun watching her fuck guys in front of me, while I got some hot babe. After she became used to having multiple men fucking her one right after the other, I knew she was ready for the next step. Making her quit her job, she signed up for a license to practice prostitution in Nevada. It's legal there in a few counties and I checked out various places to discard her. I had her pack just enough clothes and drove to one of the brothels in the Reno area. I still drive to the Ranch to see her every so often and refresh her controls. The proprietor tells me that she is a popular money maker. I do like receiving a check every month from her earnings. It just extra money to use with the millions she had. With her out of the way and the use of her wealth, I have the best of both worlds.
Next I was infatuated by Emma my neighbor, whose husband was always traveling. She was 32 and already had two kids. Even a little over weight she had nice tits and very pleasant to look at. A cute turned up nose, hazel eyes, thick lips and short blond hair. Her ass was a little bigger than I would like, but I needed to find out if this hypnotic technique would really work on anyone. It took some time to get Becky under my control and was curious how long it would take Emma.
Being an electronic expert, I had wired their house months ago. When they were all on vacation for 2 weeks, they had me feed their cat and water their plants. Using that opportunity, I put a camera and mic in their bedroom. I learned a lot, while waiting until the husband was gone and her kids were in school. Turning off the power with my special remote, I hoped she would ask for my help. It worked. She came over knocking on my door.
I didn't answer the door right away hearing her cry, "Steve, are you home?"
When I opened it, I was surprised that she was wearing a short loose fitting flower printed dress. She did have on a bra and disappointed that I couldn't see her nipples.
"Hi Emma," I replied. "What a nice surprise." I made sure she saw my eyes look down at her tits.
She seemed panicked and answered with a disgusting look, "Sorry to bother you Steve. But all the power went out. I tried the breaker box and nothing worked. I have a get together with the girl scouts this afternoon. I know you have helped Oscar (her husband) before. So could you please look at it for me?"
I smiled and said, "Sure Emma. I will be happy too. But if I get it working, would you do me a favor?"
She gave out a big sigh and nastily declared, "I'm not going to sleep with you, if that was what you had on your mind."
I chuckled and replied, "Oh no Emma. I just bought a lamp from an antique store. I'm supposed to see a ballerina dancing as the light spins. I didn't see her. I was wondering if you would look at it and tell me what you see or don't see. That's all. But first let me see if I can fix your problem." She smiled and apologized for thinking that I wanted sex. Then she agreed to take a look at the lamp.
Once we were back at her house, I turned off all of the breakers including the main breaker and waited a few minutes. While they were off, I put my hand in my pocket grabbing the remote and turned the power back on. Then I slowly turned all the breakers back to the on position. Everything worked and she was very happy.
"I don't know what happened," she declared. "I did all of that and it didn't work.
Answering, "But did you turn the main off and wait a few minutes before turning it back on?"
She shook her head no and said, "Okay so let's quickly look at that lamp of yours. The scouts will be here soon."
That's not what I wanted. I need her to be over all day so I can fuck the bitch and even have my friend George to come over and fuck her. I sternly looked into her eyes and said, "You look really busy right now and I also have plans. Why don't you come by tomorrow morning instead? You look so nice in that dress could wear again tomorrow?"
With a big sigh of resistance she reluctantly agreed to come by around 10 am the next day. I had everything ready, when she finally knocked on my door 30 minutes late the next morning. She did have the dress on but no makeup. I offered her a cup of coffee, as we made small talk for 10 minutes. I already had laced the coffee with a small amount of the drug Ecstasy. I found using this drug makes it easier to put the victim under. It's what final worked on Becky. When I saw her eyes starting to glaze, I took her over to the lamp.
Smiling I said "Emma stare at the light as it flickers and tell me if you see the girl dancing. Now keep looking at the light. I'm going to start it up."
I had a remote and I started it up. Slowly at first and then it went faster. I told not to look away. When I added the ballerina dancing, she said she saw it. Then I had the light flicker at hypnotic speed. She kept staring at it and I could see her becoming trance like. Putting a pair of head phones over her, I turned on the subliminal recording. She listened as it constantly played over and over again about her being a promiscuous slut with an insatiable sexual appetite. Then I changed the ballerina from dancing to sitting on a guy bouncing up and down having sex, as the flickering light spun. The commands also changed with a female voice saying that she was a cheap horny slut.
I heard her say, "I'm an insatiable slut. All I want is to feel a cock buried in me. I want to be fucked by lots of guys."
She repeated this mantra for the next thirty minutes, as the picture of the girl changed to being fucked doggy style and then missionary. When the recording finally stopped, I took the head phones off and softly said.
"When you awake you will be very horny. You'll want me to fuck you. Even when I refuse, you won't take no for an answer. You continue throwing yourself at me and when I still resist, you strip and force yourself on me. The rest of the day you can't get enough of me fucking you. You tell me that you'll do anything I ask."
I let that sink in for a few minutes and then said it again another six times. Afterwards I stated, "When you hear me and only me say this Mantra, 'Does Emma want to play?' You will go immediately in a trance and wait for instructions." Then I woke her up as the lamp was now slowly playing the ballerina.
I waited to see if the hypnotic suggestions worked. She gave me a sultry look and said, "Oh my Steve. I don't what is happening to me. Since we moved here, I've had a desire to have sex with you. I'm so horny right now. Take me."
She came over and sat on my lap to kiss me. But I stopped her and said, "Wait a minute Emma. You'll think this why I had you come over. I don't want sex from you. You've been, excuse my French, a complete bitch to me every time I see you. And now you want me to make love to you?"
"Oh no Steve,: she responded. "I had too because I wanted you in the worst way. Oscar won't be back until next week. I'll send the kids to my mom's for the weekend. Then we can have a wonderful time. Please Steve! Won't you make love to me?"
Again I refused. That's when she started to undress. First she slipped out of the dress. Then she slowly removed her bra and let those D-cup sagging tits out. Quickly, she walked over to me and plastered those melons with huge erect nipples in my face. I lashed onto them with my mouth and began sucking her wonderful nips to a hard state. While I was engrossed with her breast, her hand unzipped my shorts. I wasn't wearing underwear, so my 8" thick Italian manhood stood at attention. As she began to rub the shaft hard, she pulled my head up and gave me a tongue dancing passionate kiss. Then she stood, pulled off her panty and straddled me, while slowly guided my shaft into her very wet pussy. As I entered her she sighed in bliss.
"Oh my god Steven, you're so much bigger than Oscar. I used to watch you lying out by your pool and noticed you had a bulge. I wished you were thinking about me. I fantasied about you then and now I'm going to enjoy you. Fuck me hard Steven!"
The rest of the day we continued to have sex. We did break for lunch where I took her out dressed with just the dress on and nothing under it. Her nips were very visible. Then we came back to my bedroom for more ravishing. It was only when she heard her kids come home, did we quit for the day. Her idea of the weekend would give me the perfect opportunity to get others to fuck her. I couldn't wait.
Unfortunately, the next day as we were in sexual bliss at her house, Oscar came home days early. I had to sneak out the back door and over the fence to my back yard.
The next week they put the house up for sell. Emma told me that he didn't suspect anything. He came home early because he took a new higher paying job and they were immediately moving to Texas. She was disappointed about leaving me and I only got to fuck her one more time, before they moved. At least I know the hypnotic system worked.
His company bought their house with me purchasing from them at a cheap price. After I bought the place, I put a back gate in the fence between houses. Taking an early retirement and living off the Becky's millions with her income from the brothel, I wired the house with many cameras and mics for my amusement. It was time to call the girls and tell they could move in.
"Hello," Suzy sensually said as she answered the phone.
"Hi Suzy," I replied. "Is Jackie their too?"
"No she's at school practicing tennis."
"Well, I tell you then. You girls are approved to move into the house. When do you want to start renting the place?"
Suzy let out an excited scream and answered, "Oh, thank you. We've been at a friends for the last few days. Can we pick up the keys today, that is, if today is good for you?"
I chuckled and answered, "Sure! When do you want to come over?"
She exclaimed, "As soon as Jackie returns, maybe in a couple of hours!"
"Okay that would be around 4 pm," I replied. "There is still a security deposit and rent, which comes out to $3000. Also I need you girls to read and sign the rental agreement."
She seemed very thrilled at getting the house. Then she told me that they have the money and if I would accept cash. I laughed and told them it would be fine. Hanging up, I was now ready to try the hypnotic conditioning on these two lovely unsuspecting girls. I had big erection thinking about having sex with them.
***
It's been a month since the girls moved in next door. I've been spying on them every night. I masturbated over Jackie, when she was in the shower or when her boyfriend was fucking her. She has a very tight body with a shaved pussy. Her tits were firm with just a little sagging and nice large nipples. I was in total lust over her. Suzy on the other hand, had a groomed pussy. Her tits had nipples that looked like a baby bottle top. They were like nothing I've seen before. Her ass was also tight and rounded. I imagined having her on all fours holding her hips, as I ravished this slim young slut. But now I was waiting patiently for an opportunity to use the hypnotic controls on them.
That opportunity came on a long weekend. For some reason, the school was closed on the Monday. I heard that Jackie was going to the river with her boyfriend Jason. Suzy was asked to come with them, but she had to finish a paper that was due the following week. So she stayed home. After Jackie and Jason left that morning, I waited for a few hours to turn off their power. It was my opportunity to at least take control of one of them and I had all weekend to use her, that is, if she went under.
"Hello," I said as I answered the phone. It was Suzy's.
"Oh Mr. B (her pet name for me)," she started. "The power suddenly went out. I don't know what to do. Can you come over to look?"
"I'll be right over," I replied.
She was waiting for me at the front door. Being a very hot day, all she had on was a bathing suit top, tight blue-jean shorts and was bare footed as I went in. We walked to the garage and the breaker panels. I fiddle for about fifteen minutes turning things off and on, as she watched me attentively.
Turning to her I said, "Well Suzy, I'm going to call Tomas my electrician friend to come over to fix it." Then without missing a beat I said, "If you need to use my power why don't you come over and set up at my house?"
She immediately smiled and excitedly answered, "Really! You'll do that for me. I won't be in your way?"
I chuckled and replied, "No Suzy. I wasn't doing anything but trying to fix my antique lamp. I would enjoy the company."
"Okay Mr. B. Let me get my stuff." She quickly ran off.
Once inside my house, she looked around and told me that I had a nice clean place for a bachelor. I put her in the dining room where she opened up her lap top and began working. As she did, I went outside and called Tomas.
"Hey Tomas," I began talking. "What are you doing tomorrow or Monday?"
He said, "Nothing but taking the kids to the park. Why? What do you need?"
"I need you to fix the power on my neighbor's house. I turned it off so I can seduce the tenant. I just want you to pretend to fix it. Whichever day will work best for you and I'll give you a hundred for your time."
He laughed and answered, "I see you'll still a pervert. So how old is this one?"
"She cute with a nice bod and 21," I replied.
Tomas gave out a huge laugh and said, "Dude what makes you think she'll even look at an old fart like you?"
I nastily replied, "Let me worry about that. Just come over and pretend to fix the power."
He agreed to come by Sunday Afternoon, but for two hundred. Now I had all day to bring this young innocent girl under my control. I went over and told her the bad news.
"Suzy, he won't come by until tomorrow afternoon," I stated. "Is there anything you need to get from your frig?"
Looking up at me with sad eyes, she sheepishly responded. "I forgot all about that. Yes there is. I better get it before it goes bad."
Then she got up to leave and I followed to help, while looking at her nice ass walking in front of me. Once in the kitchen, we filled only one bag of food. There wasn't much in the frig to take.
On the way out she turned to me and said, "It's already so hot in here. I won't get any sleep tonight. I always have a hard time sleeping when it's too hot."
What a perfect chance and I blurted, "Just stay at my place tonight. I have plenty of room and you won't be a bother. I'll even make some popcorn and we could watch a movie."
But I actually thought, "You won't be getting any sleep at my place either cutie."
She smiled and without any provocation came over and gave me a hug. Leaving her to work, I just took a swim and went to get comfortable.
It's been a little over an hour when Suzy came out and said, "Mr. B, I finished what I needed to get done. Do you mind if I take a swim and get some sun too?"
"That's fine Suzy. I would love your company," I quickly answered.
I told her to use the back gate and 10 minutes later she came back dressed a pink bathing suit that barely covered anything. She had a wrap around her waist and straw bag filled stuff. She put the bag on the lounge chair next to me, took off the wrap and jump into the pool. She swam for about 5 minutes and I pretended not to pay any attention to her, but I gawked at her cute ass. When she finished her swim, she went to the lounger next to me and lay on her stomach.
Then she turned on her side looking up at me and in a sensual seductive voice said, "Thanks Mr. B. That was really refreshing. I've been looking over the fence at your pool for weeks. I didn't know how to ask to use it. I wonder if you would rub some sun screen on my back. Please!"
I answered, "You're welcome to come over anytime for a swim. The back gate is always open. And I'll be happy to put the screen on you."
As I walked over, I saw her untie her top and slip out of it. I saw her bare breast, as she lay on her stomach. Pouring the lotion in my hands, I began rubbing her shoulders, arms and back. When I reached her lower back, I pushed my fingers under the skimpy bottom and rubbed some on her firm ass. My manhood started to rise to the occasion.
Propping her ass up a little she sighed, "You have strong hands Mr. B. It feels really nice having a strong man rubbing lotion on me. Don't forget to do my legs too."
I squirted some more on my hands and moved to each leg. When I did she spread them farther apart. I stared at the material tightly embedded in her pussy for a few minutes. Starting at her calve, I worked my way and always getting under her bottom. When I did her inner thigh, I brushed up against her covered pussy. She sighed a little more and raised her ass up a few inches. Then I did the other leg the same way. Only this time I stayed longer rubbing the material covering her pussy.
She raised her ass higher and moaned, "Don't stop Mr. B. That feels wonderful."
"Can I tell you a secret and you won't think poorly of me," she uttered. "I like older men. When I spied you lying by the pool with your chiseled body, I wanted you.
I was pushing two fingers up her tight cunt while listening to her moan, as I replied, "Oh really Suzy."
"Also Mr. B, I really didn't have to do school work. I used it as an excuse not to go to the river and have sex with some jerk, when I could stay here and seduce you. I hope you don't mind?"
I was completely shocked by her statements. If I knew how she felt, I wouldn't have waited so long to take control of her. But now I was in a dilemma. I didn't have to hypnotize her to get sex. She was going to be a willing participant.
Without saying a word, I removed my fingers from her pussy, stood up and grabbed her hand. Pulling her up, the top stayed on the lounger. I pulled her closer to me and kissed her. She immediately put her arms around my neck and passionately kissed me back. Taking her arms off me, I took her hand and guided her into the house.
I took her to the back bedroom. I have a double bed, mirrors on the ceiling and two walls with video cameras behind the one way mirrors. I can film the action unnoticed. I have a remote and I turned on all cameras when we entered.
As we stood by the bed, I kissed her again. Then I went to play with her luscious tits. The nipples were erect and I could tell she was turned on. She reached for my trunks and pulled them off me. My 8"plus semi-hard cock stood in front of her.
She gasped, "Oh my god Mr. B. You're really big. I've never had such a huge member to play with. Please be gentle."
She was a petite, slim girl. When fingering her, I did notice that her cunt was very tight. I had difficulty pushing two fingers in it. Chuckling I answered, "Don't worry gorgeous, I'm confident that your body will expand for the pleasure. Suck me hard first."
She knelt in front of me, took my cock, and put her mouth over my helmet. Then she swirled her tongue around and lick my shaft like she has done this many times before. When she went back sucking on my head, her hand was stroking my shaft. I instantly became rock hard. When I did, she stopped and while holding my shaft, looked up at me with these beautiful twinkling blue eyes.
"It looks like you're ready Mr. B." she seductive muttered
She pushed and I fell on the bed on my back. She quickly took off her bottoms, jumped over me and straddled my hips. Taking my cock, she guided into her wet tight pussy. Slowly she sat down on it and got in a few inches. Then she pulled off it and tried to stretch her vagina out. Again she sat down on my dick and took a little more into her wet cunt.
In a soft voice she murmured, "Oh Mr. B, I'm too small for you. You won't fit and it's hurting me."
I was afraid that may occur and has in the past, when I tried to fuck skinny sluts. But I wasn't going to take no for an answer. So I persuaded her to try one more time. As she positioned my cock into her tight snatch, I took her hips and told her to relax. As she did, I pushed her down while pushing up into her. My cock was completely buried inside. She screamed when I did. I told her not to move for a few minutes. She cried it hurt several more times. Tightly holding her hips on me, I began to slowly move her up and down on my cock. Eventually she stretched and began to move by herself. As she did, she moaned and sighed in pleasure. Her mouth was wide open, as she squealed every time I hit bottom. It didn't take long until she was quaking with a huge orgasmic climax.
When she did she cried, "Oh my god, Mr. B. I've never felt an orgasm like this before. It's fantastic."
I laughed, "Good for you Suzy. So I guess you want more?"
"Oh yes! A lot more," she replied.
She began grinding and then bouncing up and down on top of my hard rod that was completely impaled in her. In the next 15 minutes, she screamed twice more about having an orgasm. But now I needed to cum too. I pushed her off. I told her to turn on all fours. She did as requested. When I went to push my enraged cock into her doggy, she moved away and sat on her side.
Turning back to me she announced, "I don't like it that way. It hurts too much and you are really big. Can't we just do it with me on top? I was really enjoying it that way."
"I really need to cum Suzy or I'll get blue balls," I answered. "Can I cum in your mouth instead?"
"Please don't," she answered that no one has ever done that.
I instantly came to the realization that I had to put her under and afterwards she would be fucking any way I wanted. I would also make sure she sucked and swallowed many loads of semen. But for now, I'll shoot the load in her while she's on top.
It only took me a few minutes to finally unleash my sperm. Then she got off and wanted to snuggle. We fell asleep holding each other with my seed still inside her. I just hoped she was on some sort of birth control.
Suzy was still resting as I went to prepare the Margarita's laced with ecstasy. I had my trunks back on blending the drug laced mixture. First I poured a drug free pitcher full and then made a little more with the drug. The noise woke my little darling and she walked down stairs naked.
"What are you making Mr. B?" She asked inquisitively.
"Just a little refreshments to lay by the pool," I quickly answered. "It's still early and I wanted to take you out for dinner later, but I thought we could soak up some sun and talk a little first."
As poured her small glass from the safe pitcher, we walked out to the loungers and started to talk. She smiled and answered, "You really want to talk to me. Most guys just leave after i allow them to fuck me."
"Well I'm not most guys and I like to get to know you better," I answered.
She guzzled her drink very quickly. So I went in, took a bigger tumbler and poured her the drug laced mixture. When I brought it out, she giggled and took it. She had swallowed half of it in minutes.
Then she said, "Oh my Mr. B. It's why I like older guys." Then she giggled and said, "That is really a strong drink. I feel so silly. Oh my god. I'm getting horny for you again. Booze always makes me horny."
"Well take it slow Suzy. Or I'll have to make love to you again all afternoon." She gave me a sultry smile.
I knew she wouldn't take my advice; girls always do the opposite what guys tells them. She was no exception. She took the tumbler and guzzled the rest of the drug laced brew. As she was becoming under the ecstasy control, her eyes glazed over and her pupils were enlarged. I had to get her indoors. Taking her hand, I pulled her up and into the hypnotic room.
She asked where we were going and I answered to see a surprise. Once she sat down, I started the lamp. She instantly became hypnotized. I was surprised about how quickly and easily she went under. Putting the head phones on, I left to let the directives do the work that is, making her my new sex slave. I went to find an outfit for her to wear.
Forty minutes later I came back. Again, I was surprised. She had her legs wide apart rubbing her clit. The other women never did that. Taking the head phones off, I gave her the last instructions and took her back outside. Then I woke her up.
When her eyes opened I could tell she was still under the drugs influence.
She saw me smiled and sensually said, "I must have dosed off. I had such a wonderful dream. I want you to fuck me again Mr. B. I really need it before I freak out. I need to feel you in me. Please make love to me."
I took her hand and pulled her off the lounger. Back inside we went into my video room. The cameras were on and I told her to get me hard. She went right for my cock and sucked me to an erection. It was like no other woman has ever giving me such a fantastic blow job. Once I was ready, she wanted to be on top again. But now I was in control. I told her I would fuck her in her favorite position. She smiled and immediately went on all fours. I chuckled to myself knowing that the directives worked.
Climbing up behind that cute firm ass, I told her to guide my cock in. She reached under herself and positioned it at her very wet vagina opening. Slowly she pushed back. Only half went in. I slap her ass and told her to take all me in her. Then she pushed back. When she stopped without going balls deep, I slapped her ass again but harder this time. She yelped and then pushed all the way back until she had fully engulfed my cock into her tight hole. Slapping her ass again, I told her fuck herself with my cock by going off me and then ramming herself all the way back. I didn't move. She began a slow method of having me almost come out and then all the way in. I ordered her to go faster and she did getting a nice rhythm of fucking me. As my cock was being used like a dildo, I watched her ram my rod deep inside her over and over again. I let it continue until she had an orgasm. Then I grabbed her hips and started to really pound her cunt, until she screamed in another orgasmic bliss. When she did, I pulled out.
Turning her over on her back, I pushed her legs up and saw how flexible she was. While she held up her legs over her body, I started to fuck her open hole. Soon I was about to explode again. But this time she was going swallow my load. I pulled out and told her to open her mouth. Placing the tip of my cock on her lips, I blew my third load of the day into her wide open orifice. She swallowed almost all of it, but some leak on her chin. Without me saying anything she took her fingers, wiped her chin gathering my seed, and sucked them clean.
Looking up at me she said, "Oh my god Mr. B! I never knew how tasty a guy's sperm is. I loved it. Can we do that more often? I'm not on birth control. It will be safer."
I chuckled to myself. Not only was she completely under my control, she also loves getting a mouth full of cum. I'll make sure she gets enough loads to satisfy her new craving.
I answered, "Sure Babe. I can do that. Do you want another yummy load now?"
"Really Mr. B; you can get it up again for me?" She excitedly responded.
I laughed and answered, "Not me Suzy. I'll take you out to dinner where you can flirt and get some guy to shoot a load in your mouth. That way you can see how a different guy's sperm taste. Wouldn't that be fun?"
Before she could answer, I quickly said the mantra and she immediately went into a trance. Then I told her how to answer wanting different guys to fuck her. Then quickly woke her up.
"I love to Mr. B." She sensually said. "But what should I wear?"
Not finding an outfit from my wife's collection, we went back to her place. Looking through her closet, she decided on a short, bright blue, flowing skirt with a white lace top. But when she went to but a bra on, I stopped her. Without a bra her tits were somewhat exposed from under the lace material.
Looking in the mirror she whined. "I can't go out dressed like this. Someone I know may see me. I'm a proper girl."
I realized that she still wasn't completely under the spell as an exhibitionist slut. I had to make sure she didn't question her attire again. After tonight's whoring she would no longer be a proper girl but instead a slut. Quickly, I said the mantra and she went under my enchantment.
"Now Suzy, you should dress like the slut you are. Embrace being a horny girl wanting sex. You need to advertise your naughty intentions by showing your luscious body. You no longer will dress conservative but instead as an exhibitionist everywhere you go. You'll love the lusty stares guys will give. You want and need their attention."
Waking her up, she then asked if I was okay with her outfit. I chuckled and told her I was, but to make it even better not to wear a panty. Smiling she reached under and took it off. As she looked in the mirror, I put my arms around her and gave her compliments on her beauty and how much fun she was going to have teasing guys. I couldn't wait to see her complete transformation, although I didn't know at the time of how depraved it would become.
I found a sports bar near the college. Being a Saturday night, there was a crowd of people looking at the nightly college football games. The bar had mostly guys, but besides the cute waitresses there were only a few other coeds watching the games. We found a high bar type table in the back near the restrooms. The stools were high and I had Suzy sit facing the crowd. Once settled, I reached over and pulled her skirt up to her waist, but not exposing her cunt. The waitress came over and I ordered her a double Margarita and me a beer. She sat nervously looking at all of the guys.
"Mr. B," she whispered. "Do you want me to have sex with these guys?"
Chuckling I answered, "Not really Suzy. I just want you to relax and soak up the attention you'll get from the guys looking at you. You're such a beauty and let's see how many guys you can make horny. But Suzy, if you want sex with any guy, just let me know. It's all up to you."
It really wasn't up to her. I wanted her to have sex with at least two guys and then we could go. It would reinforce the conditioning of her being a horny promiscuous slut. And if she fucked them in the men's restroom, that would be the icing on the cake. Being conscious of doing such a degrading deed, would cement her depraved behavior. And the best part is that she would remember it as her idea.
There was a break in the games and guys began walking to the restroom. Being seated in the perfect place, some of these young guys stopped and stared at Suzy. As programmed, she smiled. One tall white guy with a goatee stopped and asked her name. Giggling from the drink, she told him. When she did, I got up for a few minutes to allow them to flirt. He sat down. I watched them intently. He got real close and put a hand on her bare leg. Then he kissed her. As he did, his hand went up her inner thigh. I instantly came back.
"Dude," I exclaimed. "What do you think you're doing?"
Suzy looked sheepish and he instantly stopped rubbing her thigh. Looking at Suzy I asked, "Do you want him slut?"
She sheepishly answered, "Yes Mr. B, I do."
Turning to the guy I asked, "How much are you willing to pay to fuck her?"
He nastily replied, "Nothing. I never have to pay."
Laughing I countered, "At your age I wouldn't either. But dude, you'll never have such a willing slut or enjoy a hard fuck like when you do Suzy. Believe me when I say she is a fantastic fuck. She also needs the money for books. So for only $100 you can have the best fuck of your life. When was the last time you had a real woman, instead of your hand?"
He looked at her smiling and then he whispered, "Okay. But don't tell anyone. I don't want others to know I had to pay for sex. And I haven't had a girl since summer and am really in need."
Reaching in his pocket, he pulled out a wad of money and gave me five twenties. Taking her hand she got up. I told him to fuck her in the men's restroom and bring her back after he shot his load in her mouth.
Shocked at my comment he asked, "You mean she swallows?"
I whispered, "Oh yeah. She loves the taste."
Looking at my watch when they left, I figured she be back in about 30 minutes. Ordering another beer and Margarita for Suzy, I watched the games. It was 40 minutes later when they came back. The guy told me that I was right. She was the best he ever had and dumped two loads in her mouth. She still had some cum on her chin as she sat down. The expression on her face was pure ecstasy. After the guy left, I asked her how it was fucking in a restroom.
She giggled and answered, "Oh my god Mr. B. I was a little scared because guys were in there. But we went to the handicap stall, closed the door and he was so nice. He didn't have a big cock like yours, but it felt really nice in me. He used a condom as I sat on him. He loved my breast too. When he shot his first load, I was surprised by how much yummy cum he had. I had a hard time swallowing it all. I kept sucking on him like you taught me and he quickly got hard. He had me bend over the toilet and he did me from the rear. I really enjoyed that and had a wonderful orgasm. It took him longer to cum that time."
Then she asked if she could do it again. I laughed and told her that she could do as many guys as she wanted. We sat there for a while drinking her Margarita. Looking around she was smiling at different guys. When it became half time, a short scrubby looking Mexican with a few tattoos came over and immediately sat down.
He got close to Suzy, put his hand on her leg just above the knee, looked at me and said, "Hi, I'm Jose. I hear that this slut needs money for school and is fucking for a hundred."
"Yes she is," I answered.
"How long do I get to fuck the slut?"
"Thirty minutes," I replied.
"What if I want her for an hour?"
"That will be an extra hundred," I demanded.
He smiled and answered, "Okay. I'll take her for an hour. You don't mind if others watch and take photos?"
I chuckled and responded, "No, if I get the photos sent to my phone."
"Be happy too," he snapped.
Suzy took a big gulp of her drink, turned to me and whispered in my ear, "Do I have to Mr. B? He's not my type of guy."
I quickly whispered the mantra and reiterated a command. Waking her up, she took the Mexican's hand and off to the men's rest room they went. I did notice that as they walked, his hand went right for her tight ass.
I continued drinking my beer and watching the football games. When I was on the fourth one, I realized that Suzy hasn't come back. It was going on ninety minutes since they left. I got up and rushed over to the rest room. When I walked in, there were two Mexicans standing behind the last stall. They were rubbing their cocks hard. One guy came out, zipped up his pants and with a satisfied grin walked by me. The guy closest to the stall handed the Jose some money and went in.
I heard Suzy say, "Whose next? I'm so hungry for another cock."
As I went over to the stall, Jose saw me. He just smiled and said, "Hey Dude. Your whore is such a pro. I could get her fucked a lot for the money she needs."
Looking in the stall, Suzy was bent forward leaning against the back wall. This guy was holding her hips as she reach under to guide is covered cock into her dripping wet pussy. She didn't see me as she moaned in bliss. I pushed the Mexican the was standing behind the stall to the side.
He immediately bellowed, "What the hell. I'm fucking next. I've waited thirty minutes to fuck her. Wait your fucking turn."
I turned to him, got right in his face and angrily responded, "You mean if I allow you a turn."
Jose then added, "Don't get offended Raul. He's not here to fuck her. He's her pimp."
Raul backed away and I went to stand next to Jose. As I looked in the stall, I saw a number of used condoms on the ground around the toilet. I turned to Jose and immediately pushed him against the back wall.
I nastily asked, "What the hell shit-head? She's not your whore and you didn't pay for this."
He tried to push me away without success. We were face to face when he meekly answered. "I paid for an hour. You didn't say it had to be just me. Look at how much fun she's having. I'll give some more money for the extra time."
I turned to watch Suzy, moving with this guy's hard thrusts. She was loudly moaning and asking to be fucked harder. I moved back and told him that he was over time and owed me several hundred more. He laughed and pulled out some money from his pocket and gave me three hundred.
Then he said, "This should cover it. And I'll have Raul pay you. It's his turn next." Not waiting for an answer, Jose quickly left.
I was in a quandary. I did want Suzy to be fucked this night, but not like this. That would come much later. I counted the used condoms on the floor and there were five. One could have been from the earlier guy, but the other four were current. Now Raul was going to have a turn too. Just as I was contemplating leaving, the guy fucking Suzy pulled out and had her turn around. He pulled off his condom and began shooting a large amount of jism in her mouth with a few ropes splattering across her face. She licked her lips and said it was tasty.
Then she saw me. "Oh Mr. B; this is so much fun. I can't believe how many guys liked the way I look and want me. You're right about me dressing like this."
Her skirt was pulled up over her waist. The top was off and on the floor. Her breast had cum dripped over them. She looked like a well-used cum dumped whore. After the guy left, Raul handed me two hundred, pushed me aside, and told Suzy to get back against the wall. He didn't put on a condom and quickly forced his small cock into her soaked pussy.
Then he said, "I've been waiting a long time to fuck you bitch. Get that ass up." He slapped it and she yelped.
I didn't do anything about him slapping her ass. She seemed to move faster when he did. As I watched her getting roughly fucked, two other guys came in. They asked me, if this was the girl they were told about. I said she was, but was done for the night. They weren't happy about the information. Just as they were going to leave, another two guys came in and after them three more guys. They all wanted a turn. I had to be nasty telling them that after this guy was finished; she was done for the night. All seven of them began arguing with me. During the commotion a security guy walked in.
"What the hell is going on in here?" We didn't say anything and the guys began to leave. Turning to me, he asked again.
I meekly answered, "I don't know sir. I came in to pee and these guys started to argue over a girl. I seemed to be in the way as they were pushing each other. Then you came in. So can I now pee?"
He looked around and then left. After he did, I looked in the stall and Raul had stopped fucking Suzy, had his hand over her mouth and was quiet. Once the coast was clear, he slapped her ass very hard and told her to finish him off. He wanted to cum in her. It wasn't long until he shot his load deep inside Suzy. Finally she was done for the night.
After he left, Suzy stood over the toilet bowl. I watched as she dripped his seed out. As she did, I took toilet paper and began wiping the loads of semen off her face and tits. When I was close, she had a very potent sexual aroma radiating from her body. I found her top and she put it on, although it had semen dripped on it. Once her skirt was pulled down, I quickly got her out of the bar.
As we were walking toward my Benz, we heard, "Suzy Faulkner, is that you?"
We turned to see a black man approaching. She smiled and answered, "Oh Hi Daniel."
Once he got to us he asked, "I heard a girl dressed in blue was fucking in the restroom. You are in blue. Was that you?"
Before she could answer I quickly said, "Dude, my niece would never do that. She's a good girl. How dare you imply it?"
He began to apology and told her that he would see her in class. Then I took Suzy's hand and walked away.
Once we were in the car, she looked at me with tears in her eyes and said, "But that was me Mr. B. I was just having fun and enjoying myself. Was it that bad of me?"
I held her and answered, "No it wasn't. You were having a good time. But people that know you may take advantage of your naughtiness. It's better to keep it quiet. We wouldn't want to broadcast your behavior all over school."
She smiled and said that it was a good idea to keep it just between us. But then said, "But can I do it again. You know I didn't want to quit. It felt really good getting all those guys horny; I've never felt so alive. And the orgasms; Oh my god! They were fantastic."
We got home and took a long shower together. Once she had all of those guys goop washed off, I bent her forward and fucked her hard as I spanked her ass. It took me a while, but I finally dumped a load in her. It wasn't much, but still felt great. Just before we went to sleep, I gave her a white large pill. It was from my wife's bottle of Morning After Pills that I kept. No need to get my sweet young slut pregnant. She swallowed it like a load of cum. As we cuddled in bed, she whispered that she loved me. I didn't answer back but just rubbed her back letting her fall asleep in my arms.
In the morning we'll see if the subliminal brainwashing was still in place. It took Becky several days for it to finally completely control her. As I lay in bed holding Suzy, I began thinking about what I would have her do the next day. But first she had to wake up a slut. Afterwards I would take her shopping for some suggestive outfits to further her depraved behavior and maybe a fuck or two. We had to be back by 3 to see Tomas. And I knew he would fuck her once he fixed the power.