"Cassie, could you come into the house for a minute?"
Mrs. Jackson's voice startled Cassie out of her nap. The Jacksons were supposed to be back until tomorrow.
Still distracted by Mrs. Jackson's unexpected presence Cassie climbed off the poolside chaise lounge where she had been dozing and followed Mrs. Jackson inside through the sliding glass doors.
Once inside she spotted Mr. Jackson leaning against the back of the living room couch. "Hello, Mr. Jackson," Cassie said working to present a casual attitude.
"Hello, Cassie. Nice day for a tan, huh?" he replied with a grin.
Noticing where his eyes were looking, Cassie glanced down and suddenly remembered that since she had been alone she had taken advantage of the pool area's seclusion to sunbathe nude. Now she was standing in front of the couple whose home she was house-sitting totally naked. Instinctively her arms sprang to cover her exposed body.
"It's a little late for that, Cassie," Mrs. Jackson commented wryly. "We've been home for a half an hour and Doug's been trying out his new camera while you were sleeping."
As she finished speaking her husband clicked the remote he had been holding and to Cassie's distress a image of her laying on her stomach with her naked ass in full view appeared on the Jackson's 73" flat panel TV. The screen was so large that her image was life size.
A click of the remote changed the image, now Cassie was laying face up and every inch of her body was displayed. The images kept changing until one came up of Cassie face with a man's penis dangling near her mouth. That picture had been taken just as she exhaled so her mouth was slightly open.
"Now why don't you drop your arms like I said, dear?" Mrs. Jackson asked.
"But I'm naked and your husband is standing right there," Cassie pointed out.
"I doubt if this is the first time a man has seen you naked. Besides he's been looking at your body for the last thirty minutes like I said," Mrs. Jackson stated. "Now drop your arms Cassie."
"Please just let me get dressed," Cassie implored.
"If you don't drop your arms, Cassie, I'm going to have Doug forward those pictures to all his friends. I'm sure his friends will forward copies to their friends and so on. I wouldn't think it would be too long before some of the people you know get copies and think about what your family say when they find out about them."
"You wouldn't, you couldn't," Cassie pleaded.
"Doug," Mrs. Jackson simply said.
"I've already got the cued up, Madeline. I think I'll send the first copies to Reverend Johnson and Mayor Stanley. And of course I can't leave out Professor Tatum."
Professor Tatum was Cassie's favorite instructor at her college. The others seeing them would be bad enough, but if Professor Tatum saw them she would just die.
Reluctantly she lowered her arms.
"I think you made a wise decision, Cassie," Mrs. Jackson said. "That wasn't so hard was it? Now hold your arms out so Doug gets a good view of your goodies."
Cassie wished the ground would open up and swallow her, but it didn't happen. She raised her arms and held them straight out from her sides.
"Now stand still so Doug can get some more pictures," Mrs. Jackson instructed. As her husband commenced photographing Cassie's naked body Mrs. Jackson continued, "Have you posed naked for other people, Cassie? Maybe a couple of your boyfriends? Maybe all of them?"
"Just one," Cassie said in a whisper.
"Speak up girl, I can't hear you."
"Just one," Cassie repeated a little louder.
"I still can't hear you. I certainly hope aren't trying to be difficult. After all we're just trying to work at a mutually agreeable solution to this situation, Cassie."
"I posed nude for one person," Cassie confessed.
"Who was the lucky individual?" Mrs. Jackson asked.
"My freshman year math instructor."
"You posed naked for your professor? Why?"
"I was going to fail and I needed the credits to maintain my scholarship," Cassie admitted.
"Did you just pose or did you fuck him too?"
"My instructor was a woman. She had me pose with her husband. The deal was that I posed nude with him in ways that looked like he was having sex with me, but we never did actually do it."
"Did you ever hear anything about the pictures?" Mr. Jackson asked.
"I was wearing a mask and I had applied a couple of fake tattoos, one on my arm and one on my leg. A few weeks later one of my classmates showed me a picture in one of those magazines where people advertise for sex partners. My classmate said that she thought the girl in the picture was me until she noticed the tattoos."
"It was you though, wasn't it?" Mrs. Jackson asked.
"Yes, it was me."
"How did you feel?"
"I wanted to throw up," Cassie answered.
"Is that all?"
"I was also a little excited," Cassie confessed. "Can I put my arms down? They're getting tired."
"You know, Cassie, if this were just a case of you lounging by the pool with your tits and pussy spread out, I wouldn't mind. In fact, I kind of appreciate it because I know when Doug and I go to bed tonight he's going to fuck my brains out thinking about you laying there naked.
"However something you didn't know is that we installed security cameras in the house before we left and the system is tied into our computer so we've been able to watch your every move while we were on the cruise," Mr. Jackson said.
Seeing Cassie's horrified look Mrs. Jackson continued, "That's right, Cassie, we saw everything you did. If you had just tried on my clothing I could have overlooked that. If you had just masturbated in our bed, I probably would have overlooked that too. However when you masturbated on our bed, with my dildo, laughing at our homemade sex videos," she paused to let Cassie realize that they indeed knew everything she had done. "Well, I think you need to be punished."
"So that means you're not going to pay me for house sitting," Cassie said hopefully.
Both of the Jacksons burst out laughing wildly. When they were eventually able to calm down a little Mr. Jackson replied, "Why no, Cassie, you're going to be paid for house sitting. After all you did a good job of watching the house and taking care of things like watering the plants."
"That's right, Cassie," Mrs. Jackson added. "We wouldn't dream of not paying you, but you need to pay for abusing our trust. So we've decided that we're going to give you one task for each day you've been here. Complete these six tasks and nothing else will ever be said about what's happened."
"And if I refuse?" Cassie asked.
"In that case," Mr. Jackson inserted, "You folks are going to see what you've been doing. Everyone at your college is going to get a copy of these pictures," pointing to the image on the TV, "and the video Doug just took is going to end up a every porno website on the internet. Of course with your confession about trading your naked body for grades means your instructor will undoubtedly be fired and you will probably be expelled for cheating."
"But, of course, it's entirely your choice, Cassie," Mrs. Jackson added mockingly. "We wouldn't dream of forcing you to do something you didn't want to do."
It didn't take a genius to make the decision facing Cassie. "Okay what do I have to do?" she sighed in surrender.
"Talk about a fortuitous coincidence. We've been thinking about selling our house and moving for awhile now," Mrs. Jackson stated. "However in order to sell the house the real estate magazines we've been reading suggest we make a home tour video. We're decided to make two versions. One will be a little risqué and in the other, let's just say your womanly charms will play a large part of the appeal. Your first task is to be the star in both of them."
"I can't do that!" Cassie declared. "Everyone will know it's me. I'll be . . . "
"Calm down Cassie. Your story gave me an idea. I have a geisha girl mask upstairs. You'll be wearing that for the second video. Sorry I don't have any fake tattoos."
'At least that's something,' Cassie thought.
"Follow me, Cassie," Mrs. Jackson commanded.
About twenty minutes later the two returned to the living room. Cassie was now wearing one of Mr. Jackson white sleeveless t-shirts. The bottom edge had been cut off so high that the bottom edges of Cassie's breasts were showing. Her nipples were plainly discernible just above where the shirt ended leaving no doubt that there wasn't anything but Cassie inside it.
While they were gone Mrs. Jackson had taken one of pairs of denim shorts Cassie had brought along and shortened it so much that all but the crack of Cassie's butt were exposed. In addition, before returning to the living room Cassie's hair had been brushed and make-up had been expertly applied.
At the same time Mr. Jackson had lowered the thermostat and the resulting cold air brought Cassie's nipples to full attention.
"I thought you were going to have her wear one of your dresses, honey?" Mr. Jackson asked.
"None of them would fit her. The girl's got boobs in places I don't even have places," Mrs. Jackson replied with a grin. "I decided to take advantage of what nature has provided."
"That's okay with me. My shirt looks better on her anyway," he laughed.
"Cassie, the way we're going to do this is that Doug will start on the porch with the video camera. You open the door and welcome him in. Don't use his name. We want the effect to be like that of you talking with a prospective buyer. You will show him around the house, explaining the various things that you think would appeal to someone looking for a house. Do you understand?" Mrs. Jackson asked.
"Yes," Cassie answered quietly.
"Here's an earpiece that you can put in your right ear. Your hair will cover it and it will allow me have you emphasize things I think you should mention that you might not think of," Mrs. Jackson said as she passed over the earpiece.
They did a few practice walk throughs and Mrs. Jackson decided it was time for the real thing.
Mr. Jackson took his place on the porch. Since his hands were occupied with the video camera Cassie supplied the knocking sounds.
Then she opened the door. "Hello sir. Welcome to the Jackson home," she began her presentation. "Won't you please step inside."
As she was speaking Mr. Jackson dipped the camera and zoomed in on Cassie's not quite naked boobs. When she turned away to lead him into the living room he shifted the focus to the healthy amount of ass being displayed.
When she stopped and turned to face him again he managed to tear himself away from her body long enough to slowly panned around the living room, pausing at various points as Cassie gave an introduction to the room.
"To your left is a beautiful picture window which lets in plenty of natural light and allows you to see anyone approaching as they arrive. Continuing around the room you can see the working fireplace with a lovely marble mantel. The wall beside the fireplace features full width, floor to ceiling shelving. To the right of that you can see the hallway that leads to the bedroom and baths which I'll show you a little later in our tour. Just pass the hallway is one of the kitchen's two entrances permitting easy access if you're hosting a party or just having a few friends over. Moving on you can see the wall dividing the living room from the eating areas of the home. Please notice the 73" widescreen TV which comes with the house and has a stereo surround sound system included."
As he paused on the TV, Mrs. Jackson punched the remote and one of the photographs of Cassie face down sunbathing nude appeared.
Determined to get through this ordeal Cassie resumed her speech, "At the other end of the wall you call see the second passage to the kitchen and dining room and to the right of that is the door leading to the enclosed two-car garage. That basically brings us back to our starting point. Now if you'll follow me we'll take a look at the kitchen and dining room." Cassie finished her speech and led the way through the right side entrance to the eating spaces.
As she stepped forward Mr. Jackson tilted the camera down slightly which enabled the lens to catch the play of muscles in Cassie's legs and ass as she walked.
As Cassie entered the dining room Mrs. Jackson whispered over the earpiece for her to continue to the far side of the dining table while Mr. Jackson stopped just inside the doorway.
"As you can see we're now in the dining room. This window wall behind me," she said as she stretched out her arms to emphasize the width of the glass wall, "keeps everyone whether inside or out involved with any social activity you might be holding. The two doors lead out onto a deck which is a lovely place for dining and entertaining during our beautiful spring and fall weather."
What Cassie didn't realized until they review the video is that raising her arms she also raised the bottom of the cutoff t-shirt which allowed the bottom halves of her nipples to come into view.
Whether she had noticed what happened or not Mrs. Jackson continued giving instructions. "The use of your arms was terrific, Cassie. Continue using your hands to point out the various features as you explain them."
Following the directions Cassie gestured toward the breakfast bar separating the dining room from the kitchen as she prepared to continue speaking.
Mr. Jackson had the lens focus set so that everything Cassie gestured the jiggling of her breasts that resulted was caught for all to see.
"Here is a wonderful breakfast bar for those occasions that don't call for the use of the whole dining room and in addition it makes a great location for placing the serving dishes during larger get togethers."
"Moving forward you can see that kitchen has had a major renovation recently. Now it's ready for the chef in your family to prepare an assortment of taste-tempting treats." She paused briefly to allow Mr. Jackson to pan around the kitchen.
"Included with this beautiful home are new kitchen appliances including a double oven, a six-burner gas fired stove top, a side-by-side refrigerator as well as a separate freezer. Also a new dishwasher and my personal favorite, a five shelf, pull out pantry for easy access to your non-refrigerated ingredients."
Each time Cassie described something she stepped over to it. If the item featured a door, she pulled it open. Each action provoked movement inside her shirt and each movement was dutifully recorded on Mr. Jackson's camera.
Cassie's presentation continued into the bedrooms and bathrooms. After that she lead the way to the garage and showed off the nearly new washer and dryer located there.
When she leaned forward to open the dryer door her shirt rode up and Mr. Jackson had positioned himself perfectly to get a shot of her hanging ta-tas.
All in all it took about twenty minutes for her to conduct the inside portion of the tour. Moving outside she pointed out the condition of the house and the grounds. Walking around back she showed the way around to the pool and hot tub as well as the seclusion that had allowed her to sunbathe topless while house-sitting.
As her presentation was wrapping up she followed the instructions she got over the earpiece and she stepped down into the hot tub and lower herself till just her head was above water.
"After a long tiring day at work it's a pleasure to come home and relax in your own personal hot tub."
Standing up she didn't realized that when she came out the t-shirt had turn nearly translucent and it had molded itself to her chest.
Later during the review Cassie decided she couldn't have been anymore exposed even if she had simply taken it off while in the tub.
The outside portion of the tour added around ten minutes bringing the total to approximately a half an hour.
After returning inside Mr. Jackson connected the camera to his computer and after downloading the video played it back on the large screen TV.
While Mr. and Mrs. Jackson commented at the various segments of the show, Cassie stood in shock as she watched scene after scene of her unrestrained breasts bouncing around under her shirt. She saw her nipples sneak into view several times. The scene by the dryer had revealed her entire boobs from behind.
When it ended Cassie said, "I thought I was going to wear the mask while we were filming the X-rated version?"
"Why would you think that was the X-rated version, Cassie?" Mrs. Jackson asked.
"Because half the time my boobs were bouncing all over the place and in the other half my ass was hanging out. Several times my nipples were in plain sight. How can you show that to couples and expect them not to be offended?"
"Simple, Cassie," Mrs. Jackson answered. "If it's a couple and neither one is interested in your display it won't be a factor. If it's a couple, the woman probably won't be interested in you, but if she wants the house she know how to use his feelings about you to encourage him to buy no matter what he actually thinks about the house. On the other hand if the husband is actually interested in buying the house we expect he will subconsciously associate your erotic display with the house and that will induce him to want to buy it even more. Lastly if his wife is very interested in your presentation it will encourage her husband to buy the house knowing that she will be turned on every time she remembers you. Hell if they buy the house we'll give them their own personal copy. All in all it's a can't lose deal for us."
"But I look like a slut," Cassie exclaimed.
"Oh, I don't think so," Mrs. Jackson disagreed, "but even if that were true, would you rather be seen as a slut by a few prospective buyers or have everyone you know see you with my vibrator stuck in your pussy?"
Recognizing that Cassie had resigned herself to going ahead, Mr. Jackson stepped in to point out, "It's time for the second video."
"You mean you still want to do the other one? Even after that one turned out to be little more than soft-core porn?" Cassie asked incredulously.
"Of course, silly," Mrs. Jackson laughingly responded. "You didn't think you were going to get off that easy after what you did while we were gone do you? Time to strip, Cassie."
Devastated at learning that she was still going to have to go through with making the second video, Cassie pulled the still damp t-shirt over her head and put it in Mrs. Jackson's outreached hand. Then she unbuttoned the shorts and slipped them off. The shorts had been cut so high that Cassie hadn't been able to wear any of her panties underneath.
Mrs. Jackson took them out the kitchen and chunked them in the trash since she didn't expect Cassie would ever want to wear them again.
Not surprisingly as Cassie as she started undressing, Mr. Jackson had picked up the camera and began filming the action.
Once she was naked Mr. Jackson gave a low whistle of approval. It took all of Cassie's willpower not to bring her arms up to cover herself.
Mrs. Jackson returned to the living room and paused to give her husband ample time to film the naked girl standing in front of him. After a bit Mrs. Jackson escorted Cassie back upstairs to repair her hair. There wasn't any reason to repair her make-up since she would be wearing the mask.
When they were all back downstairs Mrs. Jackson told everyone to retake their starting places.
Mr. Jackson went back out the front door and Cassie took her position just inside it. Fighting a severe case of nerves Cassie couldn't bring herself to knock on the door until Mrs. Jackson insisted over the earpiece that she do it.
With trembling hands Cassie knocked on the door and then pulled it open.
As she started her act she mentally went forward on auto pilot.
Mr. Jackson already had the camera prepared so he was able to film her apparently calmly opening the door despite the fact that her titties and the patch of pubic hair between her legs were in plain sight. At last he zoomed the image back, stopping when Cassie's naked body was visible from the top of her head to an area near her knees was in view.
When he motioned her to begin she started repeating her speech. "Hello. Welcome to the Jackson home. "Won't you please step inside." Cassie stepped back and Mr. Jackson stepped inside.
This go around, following Mrs. Jackson's whispered instructions, Cassie stepped into the center of the living room. This allowed Mr. Jackson the opportunity to keep her in the video as he panned around the room picking up the various feature of the room as Cassie mentioned them.
The second video followed the basic format of the first one except when they got ready to go out the front door Cassie refused to venture out until a passing car was out of sight.
The outside part generally followed the same script as the first except instead of entering the hot tub, Cassie took a seat on the lounge and began rubbing suntan lotion on her tits. She ended it saying, "I hope you've seen something that arouses your interest."
When they finished the second taping the all returned inside to watch it on the big screen. Even though Cassie was completely bare in the second video everyone agreed that the first one was more erotic due to the titillation.
After the video ended Mrs. Jackson told Cassie that she had successfully completed her first task. Then she told Cassie to be back at the house on Thursday morning no later than 8AM. When Cassie asked why, Mrs. Jackson told her it would be a surprise.