Thanks to everyone who has emailed me or left comments. Please continue to do so as they encourage me to continue.
EC
*****
It was great to finally get out. Three days there had felt like three days on the moon. I had hitched a ride with Gabby who had crashed overnight after being with a client. She was a pretty Hispanic woman with jet black hair and a long elegant nose. She said she specialized in fetish modeling: high heels and leather as she put it. I could see it in her, there wasn't much of a soft side and she had a cartoon figure with long legs and fake boobs that probably fit perfectly into any sort of kinky wear imaginable.
I asked her how she came to work at Avalon and she said that Zara had contacted her directly. She had her own website and freelanced to just about anybody: men, women, photographers, even commercials. Zara had called to arrange an appointment to see if she would be able to entertain clients on site. The rest, as she said, was history.
"You'd be surprised how much someone will pay just to lick your heels." I felt that needed to be put on a T-shirt or at least a bathroom wall. In the back of my head I wondered what type of paces Zara had put Gabby through. I stifled a laugh at the image of Zara sucking on a six inch stiletto, it didn't seem like her but what was I to know? She said she enjoyed switching after all.
She dropped me off on Santa Monica and I treated myself to brunch. I hadn't been eating particularly regularly so I treated myself to a hearty meal. I did some clothes shopping afterwards, picking up some essentials before heading to a sex shop. I was a bit nervous and wasn't sure what to expect but it turned out to be a lot more vanilla than I thought.
The staff was very helpful and in the end I felt like I was just doing some grocery shopping, the sales assistant at the counter not flinching at the basket of items I had selected. It was expensive though. I had researched what I was looking for the previous night and from the online reviews, it seemed like you had to pay top dollar for your guilty pleasures. I reluctantly threw it on my credit card, but once I left I felt a sexual thrill about being able to use what I had bought.
I strolled around a bit more, mainly people watching and wandering into any interesting stores, but eventually I found myself lost in my own thoughts and began to crave the confines of Avalon again. The real world started outside its gates but I had had my fill of it and wanted to immerse myself back into the sensual life I had experienced over the previous three days. It was getting toward afternoon and excitement was building in me once again.
I cabbed it back and headed to my room to get ready. Kelly had been texting me to see where I had disappeared to, I really did want to catch up with her but I was pressed for time. I quickly showered and did my makeup. I picked out a black strapless ruffled top and a pair of denim shorts. I opened the bag from the sex shop and removed what I needed from the packaging, making sure everything worked before slipping them into my purse.
I had no chance to get nervous. I was going to be taking a leap and wasn't sure I was ready for it. Zara had sent me the customary reminder to meet in her office; I dashed down and took a couple seconds before entering to compose myself, giving myself a word of encouragement under my breath.
Zara was in her chair once again, wearing a green peblum dress with white fitting pants. She looked a bit younger that day, with her hair pulled back in a pony tail, bright colors taking an edge off her usual authoritative appearance. She still looked incredibly sexy and as I sat down I once again doubted my ability to assert control over this sophisticated woman.
"Good afternoon Kristy...have you had a chance to think about what we talked about yesterday?"
"A little..." I tried to be cooler, dismissive.
"Good...today I thought that we explore some scenarios for clients that prefer to play out their submissive roles such as..."
"I thought we could try something a bit different." She stopped dead and looked at me quizzically.
"What precisely do you mean?"
"That would spoil the surprise...I'm assuming that the room that we used two days ago is available?"
"Yes...but why?" I got up from my chair to circle her desk, perching on it in front of her.
"I recall that you presented me with a challenge yesterday and I intend to fulfill it, but that requires a certain amount of trust." I smiled at her and held out my hand. She gave me a bemused look but in her eyes there was a hint of intrigue. After an anxious heartbeat, she took my hand, allowing me to pull her up and lead her from the room.
The room hadn't changed in the two days with the exception of some housecleaning. I moved the chair from which Zara had watched me be teased by the mystery woman to the foot of the bed, telling Zara to sit down.
"I have been thinking about what you said," I was behind her, whispering into her ear, "about switching and how you enjoy both..." I allowed my hands to run down her shoulders and arms, "...and especially how one needs to exercise restraint." I closed the handcuff from my back pocket around her wrist and she flinched, whipping her head to look at me, the curiosity was gone and she fixed me with an impassive stare. For a second I wanted to apologize for misreading her and crossing a boundary, but after she made no effort to move her manacled hand from behind the chair, I continued, pulling her other wrist into the other cuff.
Standing up behind her I tugged on her ponytail making her look up at me, stroking her cheeks, I kissed her softly, our faces upside down.
"Who's in control now?" She tried to reach her mouth up to kiss me again but I held my lips out of reach. A twinkle of satisfaction came over her face as she smiled ever so slightly.
"You are." She had acquiesced and my stomach did a somersault, a dull ache forming in my crotch as it began to dampen. I believed in myself now and I loved it. I could have done anything to her, all the things I had wanted but I wasn't going to let her get off easily. I sat on the bed in front of her to open my purse.
"I thought I could also find a use for this..." I produced a small vibrator that I had bought that morning. It was soft and curved to follow the contour of a woman. I leaned into Zara, smiling I licked the vibrator in front of her face. "It's remote-controlled." She issued a tiny laugh and I held it to her mouth; she licked it as well while gazing into my eyes. Straddling her thighs, I unzipped her pants, her legs spreading to let me wedge the vibrator against her clitoris, my other hand cupping her crotch through her pants to feel its heat. I reached behind me to grab the remote, a small pink disk that could have been for a car lock. It had plus and minus buttons to control the strength of the vibrations. I turned it on at the lowest, touching her crotch again to feel it. Zara let out a sigh and closed her eyes.
"Does that feel good?" She nodded slowly. I left it on while I zipped her pants back up; I wanted to keep it as discreet as possible. "Mmm, you look amazing." I got up to let my cleavage hang over her face, letting her kiss my chest, her breathing becoming audible as I increased the speed a few notches. She whimpered and gently bit one of my breasts through my top. I gasped in surprise and was tempted to remove my top to tease her further when a knock came at the door. I turned the vibrator off to gauge Zara's expression. She was flustered, but her eyes were gleaming with a confused excitement.
"Wait right there," I let a finger touch her lips before dismounting her and opening the door. Nina was on time; I had texted her before meeting Zara. She was gorgeous once again, dressed in a ridiculous black lace baby doll with matching underwear, like she was straight from a Playboy shoot. She always inspired uninhibited lust in me, I wanted to take her immediately and let my mouth explore her body but she was still unaware of the situation.
"Hey there!" I let her in, reproducing the flirty Kristy that she knew from the night before. I closed the door behind her and followed behind her as her steps stopped, taking in the scene.
"Wait a minute, what's going on here? Zara...?"
"So, I kinda lied last night...I'm not the one that's going to be doing the watching." I had crept up behind her to put my hands on her hips. She swiveled to look at me with an arched suspicious eyebrow.
"You set this up didn't you? Just expecting me to jump in the sack with you?" My heart was starting to drop; she wasn't into what I had planned.
"Did you know about this?" She turned to Zara who shook her head with a smirk. The bitch was enjoying my plan falling apart. Nina turned to me again and a smile broke across her face.
"You're one crazy bitch Kristy," she laughed but it didn't sound cruel. She moved into me and draped her arms over my shoulders. "So what did you have in mind? Some kind of tease?" Her face was close to mine, her breasts pushing against me, my confidence returned.
"Something like that..." I couldn't hold back any longer, her smell was too intoxicating. I kissed her hard, my lips locking on hers and my tongue diving deep. She replicated the passion, her mouth open wide and our lips mashing together. I was blown away by Nina's eagerness as she began to grope my ass and chest, letting me do the same to her, our frenzied hands everywhere. The kiss broke the dam in my pussy and I felt what had been simple moistness turn into a flood.
"You chose the right girl." Breathlessly, she flashed a wicked smile and pulled me towards the bed. I pushed her onto it and crawled on top of her, kissing her feverishly. I was still vaguely aware of Zara's presence, but I was having trouble not losing myself in my attraction to Nina. As I stopped to catch my breath, I promised myself to slow down to prolong the tease but my body wouldn't listen and I had to return to her mouth or neck, my hands daring to touch more, wanting to rip her out of the flimsy lace. It was Nina that reminded me that we had an obligation to our audience, guiding me into a sitting position on the bed opposite Zara; she swung her legs around mine so she was sitting behind me.
My eyes met Zara's. She was staring intently at us, her sleeveless arms still cuffed behind the chair. She still looked calm, enjoying her view but not yet to the point of desperation. I thought about the remote in my pocket but Nina's hands distracted me as they ran up my thighs, her lips meeting my neck. I purred and gripped her legs, digging my fingers to let her know that I wanted more.
"Let's get you naked." Nina unlaced the strings keeping my top up and pulled it over my head, her hands stroking any newly exposed skin on my lower back before removing my bra, freeing my breasts. Her touch came to the sides of them, circling around their mass to my cleavage and around again. I leaned back into her, feeling my nipples want for stimulation, I closed my eyes to enjoy the feel of her electric hands on my boobs.
"Mmm, just like that...tease them..." I forced my eyes open to stare at Zara, making sure her eyes were tracking Nina's hands, a clear hunger behind them. I hit the button on the remote through my pocket and noticed Zara clench her jaw, a chuckle escaped me but was soon followed by a gasp as Nina's fingers closed around my nipples. I turned my head to kiss her as she pinched them, bolts of pleasure shooting to my pussy. Without thinking I grabbed one of her hands and pushed it down to my crotch for my hips to grind on, the pressure on my mound making me moan into Nina's mouth.
"Can you feel how wet I am?" I asked, loud enough for Zara to hear. Nina gave a delicious nod with her bedroom eyes and suddenly pushed me to stand and her hands went down to my shorts, unbuttoning them. I quickly pulled the remote out, holding it in my hand before Nina pulled my shorts down. Nina coaxed me to bend over Zara with pressure on my lower back and I was forced hold myself up with my hands on the back of Zara's chair. We were practically cheek to cheek, my boobs inches from her mouth, and just below her breaths I could make out the sound of the vibrator.
"I can't stop thinking about what you did to me yesterday...the feel of your mouth on me..." I reminded her. Behind me Nina laid a kiss on one of my cheeks as she peeled my underwear off to my ankles. Zara let out a long breath through pursed lips, it sounded like the vibrator was making it hard for her to keep calm.
"Tell me what she does to you." I was blocking her view but Zara still wanted to know. I put a hand on her face, rubbing a thumb along her lips giving her the opportunity to suck on it. Nina's tongue finally licked my labia, the entire area felt swollen and sensitive. I groaned but still could manage to whisper Zara through it.
"Her tongue is on my pussy...mmmmm...she's running it up and down my lips...ooooh...it's on my clit...she's licking it...it feels so warm..." Zara was staring intently at my face as I gave her as much detail as I had the composure for. "...her lips are everywhere...oh god... she...she's licking my asshole...oh fuck..." my legs were trembling as Nina rimmed me hungrily, "...oh fuck it feels so good Zara." I pulled my wet thumb away from her mouth to grope my own tit, tugging at a nipple with her saliva.
Nina continued to tease my anus while I felt a hand move to my vagina, "...uhhmygod...mmmm...her fingers are inside me...Jesus." Two fingers had slipped in easily to my soaking pussy, pumping inside of me as I could feel the tips connect with my G-spot. I could barely take it and I abandoned my commentary to bury my mouth in Zara's neck, groaning with Nina's thrusts, her mouth still lapping at my asshole.
I increased the intensity of the vibrator as ecstasy swelled in me, hoping Zara would close in on her own orgasm. Nina's fingers and mouth were working on me quicker and I was struggling to breathe.
"Mmmm...she's going to make me cum Zara..." I pushed my tits into Zara's face, needing her mouth on me and she responded passionately, locking onto a nipple sucking and nibbling. It was pushing me over the edge and I put the vibrator on max, hearing a muffled moan from Zara as the strength of her sucking increased. I pulled her face back to look at her, both of us panting.
"Are you close?" Zara nodded, swallowing between breaths. I turned the vibrator off, just as I reached my peak, my hand digging into her shoulder, crying out as it hit me. "Uhhhhhhhhh god yes!" I cried into Zara's face, grunting through the climax as my pussy clenched on Nina's fingers, my ass bucking on her tongue to milk the rest of the orgasm.
Eventually I straightened to let her fingers slide out of me and I turned to pull Nina up to a stand bringing her fingers between our mouths so we could kiss through them, our tongues picking up the taste of my cum.
"You turn me on so much...I want to eat you."
"Be my guest," Nina whispered between another kiss. I took my cue and pulled off her lace top, pausing to look at her breasts. In the back of my mind there was a pang of jealousy at the perfection of her body but it was overtaken with a need to taste her. I sat down on Zara's lap and pulled Nina's breasts to me, licking a nipple while kneading the other with my hand.
Behind Nina's back I tossed the remote to the bed, freeing a hand to explore her sumptuous body. I kept my eyes on her face as I sucked on her boobs, her mouth open as she uttered soft pleas to continue. My hand finally met her crotch, feeling the dampness through her panties. I wanted to touch her everywhere, but she didn't allow me to leave her panties as she gripped my wrist, holding my hand there as she started to rub herself on it. I continued to kiss Nina's torso, exploring everywhere frantically: her cleavage, her stomach and then returning to her nipples.
I was ready for more so I pulled her panties off, getting up to guide her onto the bed, her head pointing towards Zara. I moved between her thighs, planting kisses along the length of her legs. I glanced back at Zara to check on her arousal, there was almost a look of anger from being denied her climax but her lips betrayed her, slightly parted to allow increased breathing even without the vibrator turned on..
I pushed Nina's thighs back to raise her waist in the air, forcing her legs back to her shoulders, her ass facing upwards just below my mouth. I smiled at her before running a tongue down her crack to her pussy, making her grunt through her teeth. I did it again this time pausing on her anus, lapping at it harder, even kissing it with my lips.
"Fuck you're such a dirty bitch..." I was still apprehensive about doing it, it felt taboo, but Nina's response encouraged me. Deep down inside being called dirty turned me on and I responded by pressing my mouth harder on her, making sure she felt all my tongue on her ass before dipping it into her vagina to taste her sweet flavor. The taste unhinged me further and I gorged on her entrance.
"Mmmmm that's it put your hot little mouth on me..." I did, moving to flick her clitoris with my tongue, occasionally pausing to lick at her hole as more of her cum would secrete as Nina would urge me on with her moans. I reached for the control again beside me, turning on the vibrator again to make Zara feel a simlar pleasure. I heard a whimper from her chair once I pushed the button; her beautiful face creased in desperation. I increased the rhythm on Nina's clit, pushing her closer to an orgasm, her eyes closed as she held her legs back, all the while mumbling soft curses. I heard Zara gasp again and turned off the vibrator. I wanted to keep her close without satisfying her, to let her know who was in control.
Suddenly, Nina's cries began to intensify and I knew she was past the point of no return. I could afford to slow my strokes, leisurely dragging my tongue over her swollen button, knowing that it would still get her off. Finally she sucked in a last breath and pushed my head harder on her pussy. I hugged her waist to hold her still as my tongue took her through the orgasm.
"Ohmygodohmygod, fuuuuuck!" she screamed out and almost pushed me over as she arched her back up and threw her legs over my shoulders, squeezing my head with her thighs as she clawed at the bedding. I tried to keep my mouth on her for as long as possible through the convulsions but she eventually pushed my head away as her climax died, curling into a fetal position on the bed, her moans almost sounding like sobs as she caught her breath.
I looked at Zara, licking the taste of Nina off my lips. Her eyes were wide and pained; I felt I had finally torn down something that shielded her cool exterior. I crawled over to Nina's face, kissing her on the cheek to open her eyes.
"How was that?" She laughed lazily.
"Oh my God do you have to ask? I need a nap or something now...that took a lot out of me."
"Good, why don't you get dressed and leave us alone to chat...maybe we can do this again sometime if you have the energy."
"Mmmmmm...that sounds interesting." She gave me a soft kiss before rolling out of bed to put on her clothes. "I'll leave you two gals alone, thank you...for a very entertaining afternoon." I followed her out and she gave us both a bemused wave before leaving. I turned to Zara, my confidence sky high; I felt I could do anything. Still naked, I sauntered over to her.
"Did you enjoy yourself?"
"I think you know I did." I undid her pants, withdrawing the vibrator streaked with dampness.
"I could do this all day, bringing different women down and forcing you to watch us while I denied you an orgasm, but alas...I know you have work to do." I decided to dress in front of her before removing the handcuffs. "I feel so relaxed after that, I can't imagine how you must feel. Will you touch yourself when I leave?"
"Not if you don't want me to." She was glaring at me with her sexy eyes. For a brief moment I wanted to take her to the bed and undress her, to forego all this prolonged foreplay and just bring her to the climax she needed. I resisted the temptation and grabbed the keys from my purse, moving to unlock the handcuffs.
"No I don't want you to...I think I have much more to show you." She stretched her arms out once they were free.
"I think you do too." She stood up and stroked my cheek, planting a soft kiss on my lips. "The session is over."
***
I was a little giddy when I got back to my room. Deep down inside I hadn't been sure I could pull the whole thing off, but in the end I was able to fulfill both my goals of teasing Zara and having sex with Nina. It was my first real mutual session with a female partner and I was happy it was with Nina. She was immaculate and I was pretty proud of the fact she found me attractive too. The taste of her still lingered in my memory and I soon got lost in fantasies about our future encounters.
I knew I was behaving like a slut, sleeping with practically everybody at Avalon: first Kelly, then Zara and Nina, not to mention the nameless woman that had her way with me and my attempt to seduce Leah. I blushed as I thought of that encounter; I still felt very guilty about pressuring her. I tried to give myself a break. I had never been promiscuous through high school or college. I had worked hard and law school was demanding. I deserved to let myself go and explore my sexuality. Perhaps being with women made it different, it was a completely new realm for me and I was treating the experience like a new toy.
But more than that I felt there was something much deeper than just sex going on. There was a mental connection where we knew what each other wanted and had the courage to pursue our secret desires. By linking our minds to the physical we pushed our sexual intensity to levels I had never reached before. At the center of this was Zara, experienced from years of providing pleasure, she was the perfect guide to let all of us forget any lingering doubts or moral qualms. Every day I had been there I had gone deeper and been more daring and while it scared me a little, it also excited me. My senses were in overdrive and every touch, or look was magnified.
It was on that day that I began to take down my experiences. I had always been taught that a good lawyer needs to have an impeccable ability to record and I was always encouraged by professors to write more, regardless of content. I thought that this would be the perfect opportunity to start.
Once I started I found it hard to stop. It was far more enjoyable to capture the events of the previous few days than it was to take notes on a lecture on corporate law. I wrote for hours trying to capture as much as I could remember, struggling to keep my hands to myself as I recalled every sensation. I worked through the standard commotion outside as the house prepared for the night. I snacked between typing episodes on my laptop. When an interruption finally came it was late around ten o'clock.
I was genuinely puzzled as to who it might be at the door, Kelly had sadly texted me earlier that she was once again tied up that night. I opened the door to see Leah standing there in a pair of white shorts and a red top. It looked like she had been crying.
"Leah? You ok? What's wrong?"
"Can I come in? Sorry, it's ok if you're busy."
"No...no it's fine I wasn't doing anything important." I ushered her in and she sat down on the bed where I joined her. "What happened?"
"Ugh, I'm such an idiot, I went back to see my ex, turns out he's already with some other girl...she was there and I looked like such an asshole, it's only been like six weeks!" Her eyes were red and her voice croaky but it seemed like she was over the worst of it. She also seemed a little tipsy.
"Shit Leah, I'm sorry, really I don't know what to say. I know it must be tough now but you'll get over him I mean you're young and it doesn't sound like this guy was the greatest."
"Yeah I know...he's a total jerk...I just got really confused with what happened last night and I thought that if I spent some time with him...well, I don't know..."
"Listen I am so sorry about that, I was way out of line doing that, I'm not sure what came over me but I don't want you to have an identity crisis or anything, just because of that stupid thing in the shower, honestly, I can't tell you how guilty I feel about that."
"No it's ok...I was...just shocked...it was the first time that someone has been able to do that to me."
"What do you mean? Like have an orgasm?" She nodded her head slowly.
"But...what about any of your previous boyfriends?"
"No, it always pissed them off...I thought it was my fault."
"Ugh, men can be pretty clueless sometimes about turning a woman on, I have to admit. Did you ever let them do other things to you? Like did they go down on you?" She shook her head solemnly.
"I didn't want to...I just thought that would put more pressure on me."
"Well I know it's no consolation but a lot of women have the same problems."
"I didn't have any problems last night though..." She looked at me with big doe eyes and I felt my heart slip. I was determined not to go down this path again however.
"You should honestly forget that happened...I shouldn't..."
"What if I can't?" She cut me off, leaving me to protest more but I couldn't think of anything to say. We looked at each other for a few awkward seconds before she broke the silence, "Can I show you something?"
"Okay...like what?" Her eyes flashed with a hint of mischief.
"It'll be a surprise, come on let's go explore, we can grab a bottle of wine too...I get so bored with staying in my room."
"I don't know if I want to disturb anything that's going on downstairs."
"We won't I promise, come on please Kristy."
"Alright, I don't need to get changed or anything do I?" I was looking a little frumpy in a pair of jogging pants and an oversized tee.
"No of course not...nobody will see us." I was a little confused by her sudden enthusiasm but it seemed that whatever we were about to go see would cheer her up. I gave in and let her lead me out of my room to the kitchen, where she grabbed a bottle of wine from the rack that thankfully always seemed to get restocked. I was going to look for some glasses while she uncorked it but she stopped me by taking a swig and handing me the bottle. I laughed, feeling I was at a high school party, but still took a swig from it.
I followed Leah as she descended the staircase. We weren't tiptoeing, but neither were we trying to attract attention. There was conversation and laughter coming from the large room that entertained guests. Leah slipped behind the stairs past Zara's office to a small hallway that I had never been down. The place consistently amazed me by its size and the sneaking gave me a weird thrill I might get caught although I didn't feel like we were doing anything wrong.
We reached a door at the end of the hallway and Leah urged me to take another sip of wine. "Close your eyes."
"No way! Come on Leah, what are you going to show me?"
"Close them!" I gave in with an exasperated sigh. I felt her hand take mine as she led me through the door and a few steps into the room as she closed the door behind us. She turned me in a certain direction, "Ok, you can open them."
"What...wait where the hell are we?"
"It's a security room, Jaime told me about it." The light was turned off but the room was illuminated by three large monitors that were sectioned into black and white surveillance shots from around the compound, both interior and exterior. Some had no activity; others had very explicit activity happening on them.
"Why would they need this?" Leah shrugged but I already knew the answer. After thinking about it I was sure that most of these palatial estates had fairly comprehensive security systems to go along with private patrolmen. "Is it always empty?"
"I've never seen anyone. Jaime said that she's occasionally seen Zara come out of here and a maintenance guy from the security firm once too." I surveyed the screens taking in the individual vignettes that were being captured. None of the cameras were upstairs; they only covered the grounds, pool area and the downstairs rooms. In the largest entertainment area there were many women, some I recognized some I didn't. They were in various stages of socializing with each other, one couple looked like they were making out; others were just lounging on a couch talking with drinks in their hands.
Other cameras were filming the private rooms. I spotted Mika in one giving a woman an all body massage; her hands moving up her thighs to what I imagined would be a happy ending. I let out a gleeful chuckle as I saw Gabby clad in bustier and thigh high stiletto boots, pace in front of a naked woman kneeling in front of her with bound hands. My stomach tightened as I studied another scene, a blonde woman was straddling a black woman's lap, face to face, riding what I thought might be a strap on as another black girl stroked and kissed her back. As I stared harder I thought I recognized the one in the middle as being one of the pretty Russian girls I had met, her head thrown back as she bounced up and down.
I pulled my eyes away to see another woman, a dark haired beauty, sit on the edge of a bed while between her thighs was a head with blonde locks pleasuring her while a hand groped her full bosom. The tightness in my stomach was travelling down towards my crotch. I reached for the wine before asking Leah the obvious.
"How often do you come down here?"
"Um...when I get bored...it gets kinda lonely on the busy nights. You know you can zoom in on these? If...you know you wanted to..." I did, but I wasn't going to let her know what I wanted to watch immediately. I sat down in front of the screens.
"Can we find Kelly?" She nodded and sat down, perching herself between my legs, using a mouse to enlarge the shot of the entertainment room. It was easier to see now and Kelly was sitting on an older woman's lap, laughing flirtatiously in her Kelly way. I felt a small sadness, I hadn't talked to her in a couple days and I missed her.
"There's Jaime." Leah pointed to a woman on a bar stool in a very, very short skirt. I tried to see Zara or Nina but couldn't.
"Why don't you choose which one to watch...,"
"Ok..." Leah zoomed out to give the smaller screen view. I swallowed as my mouth had gone dry waiting to see what Leah wanted to watch.
"This one," Leah enlarged the scene with the Russian with two women. She had slowed her humping, her arms and legs wrapped around her lover's back. The woman at her back had reached to fondle the Russian's breasts. I lamented not having the sound to hear her cries.
"Do you know who they are?"
"That's Valerie," pointing at the Russian, "...the other two are a couple, that's Tela, I can't remember the other one's name but I think she's English. They come here quite a lot...always together...Jamie's been with them. I don't know what they do but I they must be rich." Tela was the one wearing the harness, I couldn't see her face but she had a curvaceous body, her boobs pressed against Valerie's with black curls draped down her back. Her partner had a slighter frame but I could make out her face, large upturned eyes under perfect eyebrows, and straight black hair. Although the picture quality was grainy, her skin tone was lighter than her girlfriends. A shudder ran through me as I saw the English girl reach down Valerie's stomach to rub her clit, my mind filling what I couldn't see, the dildo pumping into her vagina.
"Does...this not turn you on at all?" It was becoming increasingly more difficult to ignore Leah's proximity, her butt pressed between my thighs.
"Um...maybe a little." She sipped the wine again.
"Have you ever...you know...touched yourself down here?" She didn't respond so I continued, trying my best to not make her feel guilty. "Hey, I wouldn't blame you, I would do the same thing..." on the screen Valerie had repositioned herself on all fours while Tela entered her from behind, the dildo now visibly disappearing into her flesh. The other girl was sitting cross legged in front of Valerie's face, holding and kissing it tenderly, appearing to talk to her as she got penetrated. I could no longer hold back, "...I would even do it now..."
"Really?" Leah had flinched at my statement but kept her eyes on the screen. I had had enough of Leah's reticence. She might have been confused, but it was clear that she deeply desired other women and I wanted her to show it. In fact it excited me that I might witness it.
"Isn't that why you brought me down here? To turn me on?" She responded by taking another sip of the wine, looking for Dutch courage. I leaned closer to her so my mouth was closer to her ear. "Do you fantasize about this? About being Valerie and how it must feel?" She paused before nodding her head slowly. I took my cue to reach around and stroke her thighs. She drew a breath in sharply
"It's ok to want it Leah, I want it too." On the screen in front of us, the British girl had laid back to give Valerie access to her pussy which she was trying to go down on but the thrusts from behind were clearly making her breathless and she had to stop frequently for air, using her hand instead.
I found Leah's hand on her thigh and I threaded my fingers through hers, squeezing it before moving it to her crotch pressing our digits against her shorts. Leah was trembling but she also wasn't stopping me. I was still nervous I would push too far but Leah was giving signals that what had happened the day before in the shower was what she wanted. I kissed her shoulder, my breasts pressing against her back.
"Touch yourself," I ordered. Leah froze momentarily before slowly undoing the zipper on her shorts and slipping a hand beneath her panties, making a soft noise as she made contact. I stroked her arm, lightly feeling her hand to feel the movement of her fingers. We watched as the three women repositioned, Valerie clearly drained lay on her back as Tela was helped out of her harness by her girlfriend. Valerie reached out to pull Tela down and lie between her legs, The British girl crawling between Tela's legs to pleasure her pussy with her mouth.
I finally had a clearer view of Tela's pretty face, a beautiful smile that probably made her look sweet at times but here it simply spelled a mischievous sexuality. She leaned her head back to kiss Valerie as the Russian groped Tela's full breasts, large dark nipples protruding through her fingers. My heart was pounding and I had to remind myself to breathe. Leah's breaths were getting shorter as well as I felt her hand move faster.
"Slower..." I squeezed her hand to make sure she followed my command, "...tell me what you're thinking about."
"A-about...joining them," her voice was below a whisper. I kissed her on the neck to encourage her, noticing her large breasts rising and falling under her top. "...with you there."
"What would you want us to do to you?" She was leaning into me harder and her hand had grabbed my thigh.
"Take...take my clothes off and hold me down...then...everyone would take turns on me," My mind flipped and my pussy started to scream for attention with Leah's admission, the image filtering into my conscience. I turned her head towards mine looking at her, preparing to kiss when we heard a noise in the corridor outside. Both our bodies went stiff as we strained to hear.
We heard footsteps, then laughter of two women, then silence. Eventually the footsteps started again and petered out of earshot.
"Maybe we should go back to my room." Leah nodded. I was sad to leave the show in front of us but I didn't want us to be disturbed. I was incredibly aroused and was tantalizingly close to making love to Leah. We picked ourselves up and crept out and back to my room. As I was ascending the stairs I noticed in the corner of my eye Zara emerge from her office to catch us, but she gave me no more than her customary smile.
I led Leah into my room and closed the door behind me. She stood there still looking innocent although I knew there was a darker side to her and I wanted to see it.
"Take your clothes off." I was being firm but not unkind. She did as I said, removing her top and shorts before undoing her bra to release her large boobs, and then bending down to take her panties off. Her nipples were prominently erect, reaching out for my mouth.
"Keep touching yourself." She obeyed, keeping her eyes glued to mine. It was my turn to disrobe, peeling off my T-shirt and stepping out of my jogging pants, I hadn't been wearing underwear. I closed in on her. "Do you want me?" She nodded as she stared at my body, lightly panting from her hand on her crotch. "Then taste yourself." She stopped as my words ran through her head but ultimately she complied and brought her fingers up to her mouth to suck on them.
I pulled her by the other hand towards the bed and sat down on the edge, telling her to kneel in front of me. I ran my hands down my body over my breasts and down to my thighs, parting them to let her come between them. Plucking one of her hands I laid it on my breast to give her the green light to my body. Her hands began to explore my chest, her eyes following where they went. Her touch drove me wild, it was nervous and tentative, her fingers trembling with excitement, but she was taking her time, relishing feeling another woman's skin with a naked fascination.
Her fingers moved to my nipples to pinch them, glancing into my eyes to check my reaction. I gave her a soft moan, glaring lustfully back at her. I let her play with them for another minute before bending down to kiss her, her mouth responded to pecks before opening to let me connect with her tongue. Her breathing was heavy through her nostrils, hitting my cheek as her kissing became more eager. I reached down to touch her breasts as we made out, feeling her delicious nipples poke against my palms.
"Kiss my body." I pulled away to leave her head at breast height. She wasted no time in planting her mouth on my chest and cleavage before moving it to my boobs, holding them into her mouth, licking my nipples as I egged her further with whimpers. I let her indulge her curiosity, getting off on her intensifying passion for my breasts, sucking and teasing my hard nipples waiting for her to move downwards.
In the end I forced the issue, leaning back on the bed to pull away from her mouth, leaving my crotch beneath her chin. I reached down to rub my clit, inches from her face, my body exploding from the sensitivity. Leah looked nervously at my vagina, her last taboo to break.
"Lick me..." Leah glanced one more time at me and then stuck her tongue out to dip it between my labia and run it upwards to my clit, taking her tongue back into to taste me. She looked back up at me to see if she had done anything wrong. "Keep doing it." I removed my hand from my crotch to play with my nipple my body hungry for more.
Leah didn't hesitate this time, spreading her tongue flat to collect as much as my cum as possible from in between my lips, again moving upwards to swirl around my pulsing clitoris, a guttural groan coming from my throat as the sensitivity overwhelmed me. "Oh god...just like that." Encouraged by my reaction, her strokes became more vigorous, her mouth pushing harder on me as her tongue explored every fold. Her arms hooked around my thighs and I reached down to stoke her hair begging her not to stop through my strained cries.
Leah was pushing me toward an orgasm steadily. It could have been quicker but her licking was phrenetic and unplanned, every couple of laps on my clit was followed by a dive into my pussy, sometimes my outer lips and sometimes her tongue pushing inside me. Whether she knew it or not it was a prolonged tease, driving me to desperation. Eventually I couldn't bare it anymore and on her next pass on my clitoris I pressed the back of her head hard into me, squeezing her closer with my thighs. She got the idea and focused solely on my clit, speeding up her movement.
"Oh god Leah...you have no idea how good that feels...you're going to make me cum..." It took another look at her big brown eyes looking up at me from between my legs, and I felt the final lick that sent the climax penetrating through me. I grabbed the bed sheets and arched my back into her face, letting out an orgasmic groan through clenched teeth, Leah's tongue continuing through my climax with further laps until my hips bucked her off to protect my quivering vagina.
I immediately sat upright to give Leah a deep kiss, savoring the taste and scent of myself on her mouth. I pulled her up so she straddled my lap, her breathless face now looking down on mine, her hands on my shoulders for balance.
"Did you enjoy that?" She still seemed a little concerned that she had done something wrong.
"Mmm...It was incredible...it's actually the first time a girl has made me climax just using her mouth. How did you like doing it?"
"I...I liked it...you looked so beautiful."
"Did it turn you on?" Instead of waiting for an answer my hand instinctively went between her legs to feel her moistness. Leah's fingers tightened on my shoulder and her eyes closed as I brushed the hood of her clit, visible now that her legs were open around mine. She finally gave me the signal I had wanted as one of her hands cupped a boob and held it towards my mouth. It was the only invitation I needed.
I couldn't hold back my lust as my lips and tongue attacked her breast, licking the broad base of dimpled flesh around her tip before squeezing and sucking hungrily on her entire boob. My teeth came down on her, softly biting, getting the loudest moan of the night from Leah as her hands came round to pull my face tighter against her bosom. I continued to suckle her, my hand once again returning to rub her pussy to slick my fingers and then reaching to find her mouth, inserting them deep as I felt her tongue move around them.
The sight of her give in to carnal pleasure was intoxicating. Her head was thrown back, my fingers being licked while I nursed on her tits: it all made me soon forget my recent climax and my crotch was stirring again. I pulled her head down to mine for a deep kiss, her tongue feverishly exploring my mouth as tiny whimpers came from her throat. I twisted around and pushed Leah onto the bed, crawling between her legs, knowing what she needed.
Leah squirmed when my tongue made contact with her pussy making it difficult to keep my mouth on her. I wrapped my arms around her thighs to hold her steadier but it didn't stop the trembling jerks that would run through her body with every lick of her clit. She was issuing squeaks of pleasure, her face looking down at me with contorted pleasure as my tongue continued its work. As she built towards an orgasm I allowed my hand to go between my legs and rub myself, pushing myself to one of my own, whimpering into Leah's pussy.
It took me little time to put me on the edge, keeping myself there with pressure on my clit but waiting for Leah to peak. Her panting reached a crescendo with her moans and two hands wrapped around my head, pulling me hard against her, almost suffocating me as my own hand kept myself on the verge. For a brief moment, she was silent and her body went rigid apart from the slight movement of her hips as they rocked to the motion of my tongue. I pushed myself over the edge too as we climaxed in tandem.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhh," Leah squealed as her body awoke into a furious shaking orgasm. Her hands tore at the covers while I groaned my own orgasm through the lips that were still locked onto Leah's quivering clitoris. I recovered quicker as my second was less intense than Leah's first, her body seemingly taking an age for the convulsions and panting to subside.
I moved up to her face, helping to clear the tussled hair from it. She looked like she was on the verge of tears which panicked me. I kissed her softly and asked if she was ok.
"I...just didn't know it was possible...I've never felt anything like that before. Does it mean I'm a lesbian?"
"I don't think it means anything, just that we're attracted to each other and we want to explore that. It doesn't need to go past this room." She seemed a little comforted and smiled.
"Sorry, I'm just being a big baby and stressing all the time."
"Hey don't worry about it, c'mon lets go to bed, you could use some sleep." We got under the covers and I flipped the switch. Instinctively I spooned her, draping an arm over her side as and moving closer to her to let my breasts graze her back.
"Mmmm, tonight was so amazing," Leah said sleepily.
"What did you like most?" I was physically sexed out but it didn't stop the wicked gears from turning in my head. The day had been yet another exercise in broadening my sexual boundaries and I had no regrets.
"I liked it...when you ordered me..." her voice was barely audible and the booze was plunging her into sleep.
"When I told you what to do?"
"I'll do anything you tell me..." My brain suddenly lit up from its pre-slumber countdown.Anything. It stimulated intoxicating possibilities in my head. As I forced myself to relax my mind flitted between sexual scenes in black and white, adding and removing characters and clients from Avalon until my body succumbed to sleep.