Les Deux Magots
It was summer. It was hot. It was humid. It was my first time in France. But more important, it was my first encounter with your voice. It was sexy, uninhibited, and erotic. My friends keep telling me that I need a little more excitement in my life so I decided to be spontaneous and take a trip which left them all speechless. But the jolt I got when you walked by and said "excuse me" excited me more than one could ever hope for in a foreign place.
I scooted my chair in to let you go past and was gifted with a sensual "thanks" for my actions. It was so nice to hear someone speaking English. It was nicer when I turned to see you being seated at the table behind me in a pair of cool linen pants draped heavenly over a very nice ass. The thin shirt on the obviously defined arms was no slouch either. As the smell of your cologne wafted by on the hot summer breeze, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath and held it, enjoying the smell of home and the scent of a clean man. At that moment, my waiter arrived and, in a horrible attempt at English, tried to ascertain what I wanted. I couldn't understand what the hell he was saying.
After 4 attempts, your voice came through with "he wants to know what you would like to drink." Embarrassed that I couldn't figure that out on my own, I sheepishly say thank you and give my order. The smell of you continues to waft over tantalizing my senses. I let my imagination take over for a moment and try to have it conjure up what you look like since I have yet to see your face. It completely fails me. All it comes up with is a nice, sinfully naked body with no face. I laugh out loud at myself.
I feel a tap on my shoulder and I turn to see you twisted around looking at me. I am absolutely astounded because I know who you are the moment our eyes meet. You are the man in every one of my forbidden fantasies. You were the man who fucked me on a plane. Who came on my face in a secluded spot on the highway in the rain; At a spot overlooking the ocean on the hood of your car where you drilled my tight ass; In the corner of a dinner club against the wall. On a tropical island with 4 of your friends; In your hotel room on multiple occasions in different locations and different positions; In my hotel room upside down on the balcony; In my office where you came all over my huge breasts. In the Outdoor Mezzanine section of the Hollywood Bowl where anyone could find us if they only looked up; In the back seat of your car; In the shower where I worshipped your rock hard dick; Almost in an elevator; And the sensual hand job underneath the table at a Black Tie event filled with people.
You smile when I don't say anything right away and ask quizzically, "Do I know you?" Even though I was smiling, I was so confused because I KNOW I had never actually met you before this moment. "Yes. We have sex all of the time." I reply knowing now that I have to either be dreaming or suffering from heat stroke. "That's what I thought" you reply laughing. Since I KNOW it's not real, I take charge of my fantasy. "Can I taste you before I eat breakfast?" I ask as I take your hand and lick your fingertip. Your sensual smile tells me I can do whatever I want. I kiss your fingers showing each of them the same measure of love and appreciation. I slowly put one finger in my mouth and suck it like the sweetest candy I've ever tasted. Then the next and the next until each was tingling from all the attention it had received.
I then stand up and brazenly stand over your sitting form as I start to kiss you. I kiss you deeply... then aggressively... which turns into hungry passion! As I seductively kiss you in front of an unknown number of non-existent people, I reach my hand down and begin to stroke your quickly hardening manhood through your pants. As we continue the lust-filled kiss, I begin to undo your pants to release your restricted prisoner. I move my lips from yours to venture to your ear, then your sun~kissed neck, then to your fully engorged dick. I feel your quick intake of air as I deep throat you unmercifully. I hear people speaking in French but since I don't speak French, I could care less.
As you sit there letting my mouth fuck you, you reach down and unbutton my shirt and begin to manipulate my hot, huge breasts and nipples. I moan with a mouthful of dick which in turn, gives you a little more pleasure from the hum. I let my wet hands squeeze you as they slide up and down following my lips and tongue, winding with each stroke. I suck your head as I let my hands stroke you before I plunge you back in to my tonsils. The swallowing sensations from the back of my throat make you squirm. I feel the throbbing begin as I lick and kiss and suck you. I speed up then slow down as I enjoy the manipulation you are doing to my erect nipples in this outdoor oven. One more plunge before I stand up and leave your beautiful erection in all its glory.
I lift my skirt and slowly remove my panties making sure they don't get caught on my heel. I can still hear the incessant chatter of French words as I pull your pants down just a bit to have full access to you. As I straddle you, I kiss you then grab your dick and, after a couple of strokes, slide my soaking wet lady flower down your shaft until it is being completely swallowed. I am already pulsating and shaking as I ride you in the middle of Les Deux Magots on this hot summer's day as if no one is watching. I slowly and erotically slide up and down on you taking you all in with every stroke. My body in turmoil every time you hit my spot. I know that if I go any faster I'll cum all over you and I am definitely not ready to do that yet. I feel your hands on my hips guiding me up and down as I hold on for dear life as you begin to meet my thrusts with your own. I try to slow down because the moment is quickly approaching and I won't be able to hold it back much longer. You keep me at a feverish pace and continue pounding into me. I feel you in the pit of my stomach with each stroke as you fill me completely. The smell of your cologne, my perfume, and sex permeate the air. Everything was silent except for the scream that tore from me with my orgasm. You keep me raised at just the right height so you can continue to fuck my overly sensitive clit. I feel the sensation beginning again and know that it is inevitable. Harder and faster you go until I feel your hot cum shoot into me mixing with mine. I sit on your lap with my arms around your neck as we both just breathe.
I open my eyes to see the faces of the non-existent people. Some are scowling, but most are smiling and clapping, still speaking in their un-intelligible language looking all too real. I stand up and pull my skirt down and grab a napkin from the table to wipe you off. You stand and pull up your pants. I place a 20 on my table and we walk away from this outdoor eatery as if nothing was amiss. We go our separate ways with nothing more than a hug and a quick kiss.
The next morning, I awake from another glorious dream in my hotel room where I had slept with the windows open to feel the cooling summer breeze, to a simple breakfast tray and a newspaper. Emblazoned on the front was a picture of two people in the middle of an outdoor restaurant obviously having sex under a title which read "Américains fous ont des rapports sexuels à Les Deux Magots". Wow! Too bad I don't read French. It looks like it could be an interesting story.