---The Breastie and the jog---
Hello everyone, it's Tia! Your fierce fashion reporter never shying away from the challenge. You know, deep investigations are a twisting, pulse-quickening road. Covering the latest news is always a race against time. You need to be fast to keep up. So, I took a deep dive into training methods that make you faster and stronger. And I can guarantee, it was a hell of a jog! So, buckle up, folks!
You could say, I was on a roll with two successful investigations in a row! Most recently, I had taken a deep dive into fashion marketing and discovered a talent for brand promotion. After all, the coupon campaign had been a total triumph! Despite this promising start to my journalism career, however, I had to shift my focus. My job security was in jeopardy. Once again! As you know, I need to turn this internship into a success story. I couldn't risk a bad report card because it would hurt my future career prospects. And premature termination was totally out of the question as the consequences would be devastating.
Sadly, all my promo work didn't translate into a sustained sales increase. Shortly after my advertising tour, sales dropped back to their previous low. Ultimately, marketing can only do so much when the substance is lacking! And it's a well-known fact that our products don't meet the current trends. The problem is homegrown! The owner has made his son Morris the head designer. He's young and energetic but has no sense for market demands. And that's a big problem in the fashion world. You're either the next big thing or a has-been! And Vonderstone has been old news for far too long. So, long story short, the label is slowly running into financial troubles. Facts!
Meanwhile, I was still busy dealing with the repercussions of my promo tour. Remember, at the end of my marketing campaign, I had run into my neighbor on my way to my boss' car. His name was Ray, a man in his late 40s who lived next door to Holly and right across the street from my parents. As a red-blooded man, he had an unkempt appearance and long beard. Loving his freedom and his motorcycle, he was a member of a biker club, which made him the absolute opposite of my conservative father. And yet, they had worked together at the local machine factory. They had been colleagues for years until they had suffered the same fate when the factory closed about 5 years ago. Since then, all the laid-off workers had a hard time finding new jobs and neither Ray nor my dad were exceptions. As a result, all the fellow factory workers had stayed in contact. They weren't real close, but they had mutual respect. Facts!
"Hey Tia, just wanted to say hi." My neighbor addressed me in the parking lot.
To be honest, he sounded surprisingly friendly, so I breathed a sigh of relief. Ray had known me and Holly since we were born. In fact, Holly's dad was one of his best friends and he had always been nice to me. He was a sociable guy who liked to have loud barbecues with the whole neighborhood, and he always invited my parents over. But of course, they refused to go because his biker friends were too rowdy. That's why Holly and I loved sneaking into these parties in our teen years. I even drank my first beer there. Swear to god!
"Saw you earlier." The biker added. "You know, at the car wash."
Holy shit! This was exactly what I had hoped to avoid. I didn't want a familiar face to see me like that! But it had been an official marketing campaign, so I had a good excuse. And that's why, I quickly dismissed it.
"Oh, no... not just when you entered the wash bay. You left the door open a crack, so I saw you washin' that damn truck. Man, I saw it all n there was a helluva lot to see." The neighbor stunned me.
Oh fuck! That changed everything! I hadn't planned for that.
"Wonderin' what your parents gone say when they hear 'bout this." He followed up. "I've known you since you were little, so it's my fuckin' duty! You know, my supervisory responsibility."
Oh god, oh fuck! This couldn't be happening! My parents were too conservative, they wouldn't understand. They'd lose their shit and kick me out of the house. No doubt about it! I had to prevent this before it was too late, whatever the cost! And so, I promised my neighbor anything I could think of... like mowing his lawn and doing his laundry.
Apparently, my determination impressed the old-ass biker. I bet he hadn't expected me to go this far, because he only knew me as a good girl and eager beaver. So, he said he'd think about my offer. After all, he only wanted the best for me. And then he assured me that he'd keep silent about my extracurricular activities... at least for the time being.
OK! That sounded pretty damn vague. But whatever! It was the best I could have hoped for. I was safe... for the moment. And that was all that mattered. So, I didn't waste another thought on the idea that I could find myself in debt to a biker. Especially as nothing dramatic happened at home over the next few days. I didn't even see Ray in the neighborhood, so the matter basically sank into oblivion. Out of sight, out of mind, right?
Instead, there was a completely different development at work that needed my full attention. After I had stepped into the line of fire for my bestie, Mr. von Stein had a change of heart. He finally gave Holly a second chance. But of course, it wasn't that simple. Nothing ever is with this stone-cold family! First, my soul sis had to successfully complete an obedience training to get her job back. And she did it with flying colors! You know my bae! When she puts her mind to something, she sinks her teeth into it and won't let go again. She's fiercely resolved like that and I'm happy for her success!
And yet, Holly remains a troublemaker because she's caused me quite a few problems. The biggest of all is the fact that Vonderstone has hired a temp to replace my bae. Her name is Isabelle, but everyone calls her Belle, which is enough to annoy the hell out of me. What's even more annoying, though, is the fact that she's a natural blonde with big natural boobs, just like me. In many ways, she's a younger version of me... at least in terms of looks.
As for her work performance, she's done a much better job than me since joining the company. Unlike me, Belle has no problem admitting that she's a dizzy blonde. She even uses it to her advantage. Acting completely clueless actually helps her make big sales! In comparison, my old upselling trick looks pale because my Vondermove has become pretty basic. As a result, she has become a serious competitor as the store can only afford two temps! Holly and a blondie...
Of course, my poor sales figures haven't gone unnoticed. Instead, my low motivation and lack of focus attracted negative attention. Not even my success as the face of the label helped my cause. And so, the big boss decided that I'd have to undergo the same obedience training as Holly to prove myself. To be honest, that didn't sound too bad. After all, there was still a kink on my bucket list: taming! Come to think of it, taming through training sounded kind of logical. What sounded bad, on the other hand, was the threat that came with failing the training. The temp would get my job and I'd be out on the street. But that will never happen! Promise!
Still, the patriarch managed to spring a trick on me when he decided that the training should be done by one and the same coach. And that coach turned out to be Matty's younger cousin! Not only that! It was an old acquaintance. You didn't know that either, did you folks? It finally dawned on me when Mr. von Stein referred to him as his bro-ker. So, let me introduce to you: Dicktator69, the filthy freshman with the 'bros-b4-hoes' tattoo. Believe it or not, Chet is a member of the Vonderstone family! Fucking hell! I didn't see that coming and I didn't like it at all! No wonder the youngster followed Matt's example so closely and mimicked his behavior so precisely. This was a blatant case of nepotism. Facts!
In any case, Mr. von Stein insisted that the training should take place as soon as possible, and so I had no other choice but to comply. Despite my obedience, however, there was another obstacle. Holly's training had taken place in her mom's house. You read that right, folks! Mr. von Stein had surprised my bestie at home. While the big boss was having a coffee klatch with Mrs. DeLuca, he sent my bae to the garage for a beer run. And that's where she met her instructor, Chet! Imagine that! The two had banged in the garage while Mama DeLuca had coffee next door. That shit was insane!
As you can see, there was no chance in hell this could happen at my house. Not with my conservative parents! They'd make a fuss and kick me out before the training even started. It would be a disaster! No doubt about it! But I guess I had reckoned without the host. Creative as ever, Mr. von Stein knew how to mix business with pleasure. If it couldn't happen at my parents' house, the place was the coach's choice. And all too conveniently, Chet had a part-time job at a local gym. Considering his muscular looks, that was a real surprise...not!
And so, I had to go to the gym for a workout. I didn't like it one bit, but it wasn't all! Sly as a fox, the old-ass owner decided to kill two birds with one stone. Seizing the opportunity, he determined that I must use the time to promote the Vonderstone brand. After all, the patriarch felt that I had wasted enough time lazing around the store. And he used a killer argument to nip any protest in the bud: he wasn't paying me to do nothing. It figures!
"Looking like a stunned mullet, that's your main skill, but it ain't making me money." The old fart told me real spiteful.
Oh shit! That left me dumbfounded! I had no answer to refute that claim. I could have argued that I hadn't fully recovered from my last promo tour yet, neither physically nor mentally! But I didn't want to appear unmotivated. Not again! Especially when the next billboard barbie was already waiting in the wings. Belle had the looks and the drive. In fact, she was all fired up for it. There was no way around it, I had to fight for my spot. But lucky me, slaying machos and mesmerizing men, that's my jam! Promise!
---Billboard Barbie researches the fitness community---
When the day arrived, I came to work fully motivated and well prepared. Knowing that I'd be doing fitness later, I had opted for a simple but effective hairstyle: I wore a sleek high pony! For maximum effect, I let the ponytail rear up almost vertically from the crown of my head. To boost the base, I slicked back all flyaway hair and applied a high-shine finish. A high pony always implies high maintenance and high expectations, giving the vibe of a loud and proud girlboss. The towering tail also exposes the nape of the neck, looking like an antenna that is sending out an S.O.S: slut oozing sex. So, move over bitches! I'm here to seduce and succeed!
The day before, I had already been to the nail salon to get a fresh mani-pedi. I chose French ombre nails with square tips and glossy finish. Truth be told, the tips were too long for my job as a salesgirl, but that was intentional. I was used as a promo girl, so I had to be ready at all times. Slaying the training was my main focus, not the sales. Period!
After my shift, I packed a few outfits from our VonderBody line as promo material. It specializes in body fitness wear, but I don't want to bore you with details. In short, the outfits look hot as fuck!
And with that, I was ready to get going, so I headed straight for the fabled gym. Finding the place, however, was harder than expected, as it was in an unfamiliar area on the other side of town. I had last been there in my youth and remembered it as a colorful, lively district. Driving through the streets, however, it looked nothing like I remembered it. Instead, it had turned into a place of ill repute. Many stores had closed, and a lot of entrances were blocked. The buildings looked run down and dingy. In sum, I felt an aura of decay!
Needless to say, the gym didn't make a better impression. It was an old warehouse that had been remodeled without being renovated. The plaster was peeling off the walls and rust was settling on every metal part. I even saw a pile of bulky waste rotting away on one side of the building. All in all, it was a hell of a long way from the yoga studio that Holly and I regularly attended. No way, I was going to stay a second longer than necessary. Bet!
Since I wanted to get this whole thing over with as quickly as possible, I was already dressed for the occasion, wearing one of my fitness outfits. Parking the car, I went straight into the building with a head full of steam. But I didn't have a membership card, so I had to ring the bell at the front desk. And that's where my forward drive came to a screeching halt. Whether I liked it or not, I had to wait for a staff member. Apparently, there was only one gym instructor present, and he made me wait extra long! Minute after minute passed.
When the employee finally approached the reception, I sighed in relief. But then I choked on my breath. It was Chet, or rather Dicktator69, and he had a shit-eating grin plastered all over his face as he walked towards me in his black 'Gonzo Gym' jogging suit.
"Bam! Look what we got here! Today's dumb belle." He greeted me all too cheerfully.
Oh wow! What a warm welcome! At first, I thought he was expecting my rival! Because of the name and all. For fuck's sake! The sheer suggestion was enough to trigger me. So not cool! It left me hell-bent on proving that I was the better billboard barbie than this bitch-ass bimbo. But not only that! I was also determined to demonstrate that I was the better gym bunny. After all, I had the prefect prerequisites, as in more tits than knowledge about exercise.
"Oh, wait! There you are! The dumbbells I was looking for." My instructor elaborated with an unmistakable glance at my terrific titties. "Sure as shit thought I'd misplaced them."
"Whatevs! Dumbbells n dumb belles, they're a dime a dozen." He added, raising his eyebrows meaningfully.
Holy shit! Just then I noticed the pun. So silly! And so derogatory! Even before greeting me, the fit freshman already showed me who was the king of the castle. In comparison, I was just another piece of gym equipment. A pair of tits on a stick, just as valuable as a pair of dumbbells. Jesus!
"So... you ready for training, chica?" The buff bozo deliberately overlooked my death stare.
Despite my scornful look, I eventually nodded in agreement. And yet, the Dicktator didn't open the turnstile. Instead, he let me stand in the lobby of the run-down Gonzo Gym, eyeing me from head to toe. Oh my god! I felt like I was being put on display. As if I were at a physical exam! It was all too obvious that I had to pass the eye test first. I had to convince my cocksure coach with my looks before he let me in. So presumptuous!
But whatever! This should be no problem! I wore a burgundy hipkini jumpsuit that was super tight. The supplex fabric was so thin that it showed off all my curves. On the sides were cutouts in the shape of the Vonderbody lettering and the peek-a-boo front revealed my toned tummy with the sparkly 'playboy bunny' belly ring. If you ask me, the outfit was low-key slutty and too provocative for a fitness workout. But of course, no one asked me!
"Hello? Bimbo??" Chet addressed me. "Somebody home???"
"You know what job the bossman gave you, don't cha? So again... Are. You. Ready. Chica?" He said the words extra slow and firm.
Oh wow! There was no sign of the reserved rookie anymore. Instead, Chet raised his voice to show me my place. He had the power, and I had the tits! To drive home the message, he even called me bimbo. Obviously, the swole schmuck was anything but convinced of my skills. And that was totally incomprehensible to me! Did he suffer from bad taste or something?
"Sure as shit, I know the job!" I clapped back because I wasn't going to be intimidated that easily.
"I'm here for a promo, yo! So, bro, you better let me promote the brand. Otherwise, your uncle won't be happy. Betcha!" I imitated his brostyle.
"You here for a porno? That's news to me! But hey, I'm happy to oblige!" Chet jumped at the chance to mock me.
"Whatevs! I heard 'bout the birth of the billboard barbie." He added without reacting to my bitching.
"Most of all, tho, I heard the bossman ain't too happy with his drama queens bitchin' all day long." He added with a deep look into my cleavage. "Fuck me! I get what he means."
"Sure as shit, that's why you're here!" The Dicktator persisted. "So stop lyin'. Admit it! You're ready for round two. Beggin' for forgiveness n learnin' public obedience, that's what's on the menu."
"Nevermind! You do you, squealy!" He added with a shrug. "Tho, I ain't wanna be you when the brofessor finds out you're misbehavin' again."
"See? That's where you're wrong, kiddo!" I didn't let this cocksure kid put me over a barrel. "I'm not bitching, I'm doing my job as a promo puppet. I'm a perfectionist! A hundo p!"
Oh man! I had to let that out! To stress my point, I resolutely tossed my ponytail over my shoulder. And it worked! My insistence convinced him! The buff bozo saw the errors of his ways and let me in... or not.
"Yo, chica, you really wanna be a walking billboard?" He stopped me when I rushed right past him. "Then be my guest! Take a spin!"
"But make sure to say hi to all the gym rats for me." He added as I started walking to the weight room. "Only come back when you got a rating from everyone. Let's see if our bargain barbie gets a perfect 10."
Holy shit! He wanted me to do what? I was supposed to ask every gym rat to rate my outfit on a scale of 1-10? That was absurd! But I didn't want to bitch and moan any more than necessary. After all, I was already pushing it. And to be honest, the thought of getting a perfect 10 was a heck of a motivator. And it wasn't even far-fetched!
As you can imagine, I quickly accepted. A moment later, I ran a lap through the studio, turning the Gonzo Gym into a catwalk! This hadn't been my plan, but it had its benefits. I finally got an impression of the place. Truth be told, the inside wasn't much different from the outside. The equipment was old as dirt, and the entire facility looked shabby. A major fitness chain could never afford a place so dingy and grimy. But then again, the gym goers fit in well with the surroundings. They didn't look like rich-ass businessmen or college hunks. Not at all! Instead, they were an older crowd, mostly made up of red-blooded men. Facts!
In the dumbbell corner, I met the typical gym grunters. Definitely not my favorite type of fitness freaks! And so, I had to brace myself before I could approach them. As expected, they weren't just muscular but also aggressive. Contrary to my expectations, though, they turned out to be real nice, stopping their workouts and examining my burgundy jumpsuit in all its glory. One guy even grabbed my hand and made me do a pirouette. That earned me a red head, but also a bunch of appreciative whistles. The score, on the other hand, was disappointing. I got 7 out of 10 points. I deserved so much more! Safe!
Whatever! I was pretty sure the rest of the gym goers wouldn't be so stingy, and the low score motivated me to find out. So, I headed over to the machine room that was occupied by a bunch of tribal tattoo workout warriors. Not my type of men, either. Especially the ones with full sleeve tattoos that reminded me of biker brutes like my neighbor Ray. Even though they weren't aggressive, they were far less friendly, straightaway showering me with sexist comments. Such Neanderthals! In the end, they actually had the balls to say that the outfit featured too much fabric. They even questioned if I was willing to break a sweat while doing the splits. That was insulting enough! But then they only gave me 5 points, which was an absolute outrage! Swear to god!
In the cardio room, the clientele was older and much more reserved. There were even a few women in the crowd. Nevertheless, the men looked a bit rough-and-tumble, reminding me of my father's former colleagues from the machine factory. So, it wasn't surprising that the modest men didn't give me any wolf whistles or sexist remarks. I only caught them exchanging a few meaningful glances. And yet, they gave the best rating, as in 8 points! For the win! The ultimate proof that experience breeds knowledge!
And that was the end of my catwalk. It had been anything but a victory lap, so I returned to the reception with my head hanging. I had to confess to Chet that my rating was a meager 6.7, which was under the cut. What an epic fail! I was so ashamed that I twirled my blonde ponytail around my finger and looked down at the floor as I admitted defeat. As if that wasn't enough, the Dicktator had to rub salt in the wound, claiming that he knew more about fashion than I did! How presumptuous can you be?
As a matter of fact, my instructor quickly proved that he was more than just bluster. He was real resolute as he kicked me out of the gym. Just like that! He gave me 5 minutes to get changed and present a better outfit. Holy shit! I was so perplexed, I didn't know what to do. This put me in a total dilemma as it wasn't enough time to go home and get changed. Luckily, I had two more Vonderbody outfits stashed in my trunk. But that was only a small relief! There still wasn't enough time to find a new parking spot.
Oh my god! There was only one option. I had to change in my car! In the middle of the parking lot! There was no way I was going to do that! But I had no other choice. I had to see this whole thing through, no matter what!
So, I tried to hide in the interior as well as possible. But that was far from easy as my old compact car barely offered any space. Nevertheless, I managed to change without anyone stopping next to the car or knocking on the door. That was a win! And yet, I preferred to play it safe. Taking the last outfit with me, I gave it to Chet. I had decided to let the instructor choose the right fit for the gym bunny. But of course, I didn't do it without ulterior motive! After all, I could change in the women's locker room if he actually picked the other gym gear. Clever, right?
This time, I made sure to choose a more provocative outfit. If only for the sake of honor! It was made of shiny white material, comprising a crop top with criss-cross straps and ribbed sheen shorts. The flashiest detail on the top was the wide hem with VNDRBDY in red lettering. The biggest eye-catcher on the shorts was the slogan on the waistband. In red letters, it said 'Less Talking' on the front and 'More Kissing' on the back. Overall, the shorts barely covered half of my thighs and the nylon fabric dug deep into every crevice. As a result, the curves of my apple bottom were totally visible! That's why I added a thong as a precaution, choosing red to match the lettering.
When I saw my reflection in the glass door, however, I noticed something inconvenient. The red thong was so gaudy that it showed through the white shorts! And not only that! It was also high-waisted, so the string rode up over the waistband, forming a whale tail. Jesus!
Dead sure, I'd pass the entrance test in this outfit! And so, I was brimming with confidence when I stepped up to the reception desk and rang the bell. But nothing happened! Chet kept me waiting. Again! He let me stand in the lobby all dressed up and with nowhere to go! Meanwhile, new members arrived, giving me lustful leers as they walked past. It proved that the advertising was working, but it still made me feel like Ditzy-the-Dummy. And that had an instant effect on me. I couldn't keep my calm and started waving at the gym-goers while giggling at every leering look. Jesus Christ!
At long last, my instructor came to the reception for the quality inspection. He swayed his head left and right. He hesitated... he checked again... he still didn't seem convinced. Oh gawd! That sent me into a panic! To be on the safe side, I turned around and stuck my butt out, presenting my buns of steel in the skin-tight, shiny fabric with the red whale tail on top. It must have looked super trashy, but it was the material I had on hand! Jesus fucking Christ!
"Hell yeah! That whale tail's a nice touch! Just the level of slutty I expect of a bimbo bunny." The buff bozo confirmed my fears.
"There's a problem, tho!" He stopped abruptly. "This is the Gonzo Gym n as a Gonzo Gal your nipples gotta poke through the top. That's the way!"
Beg your pardon? I looked totally dumbfounded and felt just as dumbstruck. This had to be a joke... but it wasn't funny! The obedience training was a stupid idea to begin with and it was getting more ridiculous by the second. Foolishly, I hadn't expected the Dicktator to be so firm and resolute.
For fuck's sake! Chet's steely determination surprised me. But it also struck a chord in me. The shy student from the 'booze-n-bitches' party was completely gone. Apparently, he had picked up a thing or two from his Yamos president and the arrogant alum. Watching them in action had shown him the way. Clearly, he was a natural Dom and a quick learner to boot!
What impressed me most, however, was Chet's new demeanor. Despite his age, the youngster had a presence that commanded respect. I had noticed the first signs when I pledged as a ΖΣΧ sister, but now it was obvious. Even though he talked like a walking bro cliché, it was just for show. He was different from his shallow fratpals because he knew how to treat little subsluts. He had a surprising knack for striking the right tone, commanding but not bullying, strict but not unfair. And above all, he was consistent, especially in comparison to his flaky cousin Matt. Period!
Of course, I knew the rule was bullshit, but it was clear that Chet was serious. He was my instructor and decided what happened during the training session, so I had to play along if I wanted to pass. In retrospect, it sounds completely insane since I was still standing in the lobby. But I didn't think twice about it. I was so focused on my task that I totally blanked out my surroundings. And so, I grabbed my bomb-ass boobs and started massaging my nipples. Even if it wasn't a full-blown massage, I pinched my boobnobs hard to get them stiff. Luckily, I had left out the bra. Stupidly, I had chosen a special endurance top with extra solid fabric. What a damn give-and-take!
"Bam! That's it, bargain bimbo bunny!" The filthy freshman cheered me on. "Gimme more bang for the buck! Turn these suckers into suction cups."
Oh gawd! The dirty talk hit different! It was so quiet that only I could hear it. And still, it made me shudder. The combination of ridiculous rhymes and nasty profanities was totally absurd, but it drove me to twist my nipples harder until they were firm as fuck! And yet, they still had trouble pushing through the fabric. The endurance top was designed to keep big boobs in check during exercise, and that's exactly what they did. Goddamnit!
"C'mon, bootleg barbie! Give me some fat, turgid, pointy, fearless, suck-till-you-drop puffies!" My tough-ass trainer kept encouraging me, cranking up the lewdness.
"Aw hell no! What a dumb-ass dimestore doll! You can't do shit." He finally said in disappointment. "Gotta do everything myself!"
And with that, I froze! The swole schmuck couldn't be serious! But he was as solemn as a judge. Swatting my hands away, he grabbed my tremendous titties. A second later, I found myself standing in the lobby of the Gonzo Gym with a stranger squeezing my nipples. Panic swept through me, and I looked around frantically. No other members had arrived yet, but that was only a question of time. As if such a minor matter would stop the Dicktator! Far from it! He was anything but restrained, pinching my nipples so fierce that my legs turned to jello. Swear to god!
First, I moaned... then I whimpered... and then I had to put my index finger between my lips and bite it to keep from screaming. The struggle was real! But it had no effect on my instructor. As if I wanted a man to relent and listen to some stupid slut whine. The opposite was true! I knew it and Chet knew it too! Accordingly, he squeezed harder and harder until I dropped to my knees right in front of the reception desk. No kidding!
"Aw, man! Shit ain't happenin'!" Chet noted deeply disappointed. "If you ain't tryin', you don't really want it... or you're too dumb to get it."
"Whatevs! This gone be over sooner than I thought!" He added. "Who'da thunk it! The butt bunny flunkin' the beginners' course. That's gonna blow your street cred, chica! For sure!"
"Guess I gotta take your medal then." He pointed to my playboy bunny belly ring. "It's a batch of honor, not a participation trophy. Damn straight!"
Holy fuck! That was too much! I had worked too hard to become a bro bunny, I wouldn't just give it away again. Definitely not! This was a fucking insult, and I couldn't let it stand unanswered. Bet!
"Oh baby! I can do better than that! A hundo p! Give me another chance!" I hectically hissed, sounding high-key annoyed.
Damnit! After the public disgrace as a promo puppet, I had resolved to be more conscious with my words. I wanted to act more thoughtfully and keep my wits about me! But this resolution flew out of the window when my twat started to throb. My horniness made me woozy, and I became careless. Fucking shit!
"How 'bout this?" I grasped at straws. "I'll do another promo lap. No probs! But this time, I'll ask if anyone can make sense of my fierce gym fit. Whoever guesses right, gets a prize! That's gonna be fun! Bet!"
Oh wow! By the time I finished my suggestion, my pussy was pulsing so fast it felt like a speed metal band was playing a gig inside me. And it drove me to go overboard with my proposal. But that was nothing new with your favorite buzzerfly blonde, was it? Whatever! I bet it was the reason why my suggestion went over well with Chet. And so, he finally let me back into the gym. That was a win, no matter how it came about! Period!
Once again, I started in the weight room. Although the gym grunters had been the nicest guys on my first go-round, it was still hard to ask them what they noticed most about my outfit. This was a super silly question, and even the meatheads realized it. Consequently, they dropped their inhibitions and blatantly stared at my terrific titties. It made me hornier than ever, but it still wasn't enough for my nipples to poke through the thick fabric. And that was it! In the end, the fitness freaks were nice but uncreative. They couldn't think of anything better than my whale tail. So obvious! And so boring! But still, so slutty! Accordingly, the outfit got 8 points from them. At least, an improvement if nothing else!
Next came the machine room, and along with it the tatted workout warriors. Restraint wasn't an issue with them since they were already undressing me with their looks as I approached them from afar. My escalating horniness, however, was an issue! If I had come on to them any harder, they probably would have grabbed my big-ass bouncers and groped my titty meat on the spot. Consequently, my question was a bit of a letdown to them. And in turn, their response was a letdown to me. They simply told me that my outfit was begging for a shredding. And they couldn't be bothered to make another suggestion, no matter how much I smiled and giggled! Damn my luck! It was a good idea, but not what I wanted to hear! Bummer!
"Fuck dat shit! Cameltoe beats whale tail every day of the week, right guys?" A biker exclaimed. "But what fancy fuckery's that? Since when ain't the bitches 'round here go commando? You better stop that shit before it catches on."
"Yeah! Don't let it rub off on our sweetbutts, you fuckin' fashion victim!" One of his brute buddies agreed. "Not every shiny new toy's a good thang!"
Holy hell! This was going in the wrong direction! And it didn't get any better when the tattooed turds gave their scores. Thanks to the fancy fad of a thong, I only got 5 points. For fuck's sake! This was madness! And it left the old-ass workers as my last chance. So great... not!
When I entered the cardio room, the geezers stared at my tits-and-ass just as much as the other men. But they acted a lot more like gentlemen about it. This time, they even gave me some classy compliments that made me smile but didn't make my nipples any harder. By contrast, the bikers' nasty jabs had shown a much stronger effect. Gawd! My desire is a twisted bitch!
As a bonus, the old foxes were more creative than the workout warriors. Alluding to the slogan on my outfit, they told me: 'Don't talk, just kiss!'. What a clever reference! Credit where credit is due, right? But wait! I remembered sending out the 'choke code' during my promo tour. I couldn't let that happen again! Fortunately, the old dudes were more modest and simply suggested that I give them a peck on the cheek. Kissing old farts wasn't exactly my hobby, but they asked so nicely that I agreed. No strings attached! Promise!
Freshly motivated, I distributed a round of kisses. In my enthusiasm, though, I kissed them all on the mouth. Go big or go home, right? The first geezer had a Magnum beard that tickled me until I giggled. That made me feel stupid. But the dumber I feel, the friskier I act. And so, I straight up hugged the second senior. While kissing the third oldie, I pressed my bomb-ass boobs against his chest, so hard that I was sure he noticed I wasn't wearing a bra. With the last geezer, I didn't even think twice and started tonguing him. No kidding!
Oh my god! I was a young tart giving the old fart an extensive French kiss. This was getting out of control! On the other hand, it helped with the scoring, and I got 9 points from the geezer gang. Finally, a success! But not enough! The average was less than 8, which wasn't high enough. Another epic fail! For crying out loud! I was getting desperate! And so, I already had an excuse ready when I got back to the reception.
"Oh, babe! The fit was drip! No cap!" I declared before I had even come to a stop.
"There're only two issues, but they're, like, totally minor. For real!" I giggled bashfully "No need to worry! Mosdef!"
"Whale tails are so mid now! You know? Cameltoes are all the rage!" I elaborated with a dramatic wave of the hand. "Don't get me started 'bout the top. It's way too thick! I can't even!"
"I know, I know... my bad! I can do better, tho, like lots." I hysterically assured my instructor. "Have you seen the other fit? It's fire! So gonna work. Safe!"
The fit fratster looked at me... and I stood at the reception like a gassed poodle. He looked at me longer... and I waited. He frowned... and I became more nervous! He weighed his head... and I lost all hope!
"Gotta say, I like me some peeps who see their mistakes. Always good to see a bunny eager n willing to learn." The youngster finally said, sounding far too wise for his age.
"Didn't expect that from our brainless bargain bimbo bunny, tho." He added. "All right then, third time's the charm! But no more excuses, chica!"
Phew! I breathed a sigh of relief. That was good to hear. The training wasn't over yet! That was all that mattered! I'd never forgive myself for such a failure! Bet!
"But wait! You talkin' 'bout that rag you put in my hand, ain't cha?" Chet suddenly asked me. "Yeah.... I threw that one out the window. Sure as shit didn't think you'd need it anymore."
Please what? He was joking, right? That couldn't be true! It messed up my whole plan!
"Alright bootleg barbie, you got 5 minutes. Run out n put on that hoe fit." He instructed me. "But don't you hide in your car again. You can do better than that! Damn sure!"
"There's a dumping ground on the side." My instructor advised me. "That should work! So chop-chop!"
And with that, there was nothing left to discuss. The task was clear, leaving me with two options. I could accept the challenge or call the whole thing off. Since I couldn't disappoint my boss, I did what I had to do. As I hurried outside, however, I couldn't stop shaking my head at the thought that the swole schmuck had thrown away my outfit. The clothes were brand-new and all the rage! Just imagine if they had gotten a stain on them. I'd end up paying for another Vonderfit! This couldn't be true! No way!
As you see, folks, it looks like the junior macho was learning from the best. And he was successful! The thought of paying for the promo material lid a fire under my butt, so I ran out the door as if my life depended on it. Circling the gym, my heart was pounding in my throat. I frantically looked around to make sure no one was in the parking lot. After all, I couldn't risk anybody seeing where I was going. No need for spectators, not today! Of course, exhibitionism was a total kink of mine, but I had no time for it at that moment. Sad but true!
Anyway, I wasn't so sure if the current situation hit my vibe. Chet hadn't lied! There was a garbage area on the side of the gym. It was boarded by a wooden fence, so it was only visible from the parking lot. At least, that was better than nothing! Still, the sight of the dumpster surrounded by metal trashcans didn't really help calm my nerves. The old wooden pallets and discarded gym equipment didn't improve the sordid atmosphere, either. What an inviting place... not!
Fortunately, I didn't have to look long and quickly found my outfit. Chet had thrown it right onto a broken weight bench. This was definitely no accident. The little fuckwit! Trying my best to hide behind the dumpster, I took off my white outfit and put on the new one. This was my last resort! Frankly, I had hoped to avoid wearing this gym fit at all costs, but here we were.
Of course, you want to know why I kept the outfit as the final trump card, don't you folks? The answer is simple! Because it was pink! Being the little buzzerfly that I am, I was already spunky and bubbly enough, I didn't need to accentuate it with the color of my clothes. That was too much on the nose for my taste! But then again, I knew how much the boys would love to see me in this color. So, they finally got their wish! At least, someone got what they wanted, right?
Whatever! The gym fit consisted of a v-front bra with shaping below the bust. It provided a sexy lift for my tremendous titties but didn't offer much in the form of covering. Most importantly, it was bubblegum pink and made of cotton, so it was a much thinner fabric than the endurance top. The leggings were ultra-tight and matched the pink color. On top of that, they had a special white garter belt design that made them look extra slutty. Promise!
Needless to say, I left out a thong. I wouldn't make that mistake twice! No way! And with that, there was only one task left before I could return to the reception. I had to take care of my nipples. That was easier said than done, though. And so, I found myself standing between trashcans and bulky waste while playing with my boobnobs, frantically trying to get them hard. They were sticking up real stiff, but it wasn't enough. My instructor wanted them to bulge the fabric fucking obscene. As if they were about to burst the top at any moment!
I did my best, I really did, but I didn't manage to get there! A realization that made me despair. I knew that I needed help. Cold water would do the trick, but this knowledge was pretty useless in my situation...
...unless I did something completely crazy. No way, I could go that far! But it was a way out... I resisted... I looked for another way... I cursed myself... I did it!
Scoffing out loud, I actually sneered at myself because my idea was filthy as fuck. But it was the solution! So, I acted before I could change my mind. In plain sight, I pushed the pink v-neck top aside to free my fantastic funbags. Anxiously looking across to the parking lot, I walked to a trash can and bent over it. As it turned out, the garbage can was a rain barrel that was filled with rainwater. Trying to keep it together, I inched my bomb-ass bouncers closer and closer to the surface of the water.
And then I cried out loud. The water was cold, like literally freezing! The cold bit into my nipples and shot through my body! As I shivered violently, I bit my lips to stifle my screams. After all, gym members could be parking their cars or running to the building. They might hear me! The danger was extreme! And yet, it was damn hard to stay still! Not just because of the cold, but also because of the disgust. This was gross as fuck!
As a result, I needed some time to adjust before I finally bent back over the dirty trashcan filled with brackish rainwater. This was yikes! But it was successful! My nipples were harder than ever, standing out from my tits and bulging the pink top. Definitely a super vulgar display! In any other gym, I would have been chucked out on my ear. In the Gonzo Gym, however, it was the only way to get in. Talk about an exclusive door policy! How absurd!
Accordingly, Chet was delighted when I was back at the reception desk. Finally, my outfit met his requirements. He particularly liked the color, pointing out that I finally looked the part of a bimbo. I still don't know whether to take it as praise or insult! I don't like it either way. But for once, I refrained from clapping back, preferring to beam over my success. Once doesn't count, right?
"Yo, chica! That's a nice look on ya. Damn right!" Chet exclaimed, finally putting an end to this charade. "Now, I see the billboard barbie the brofessor promised to send over. Betcha!"
"Time to get the training started." He suddenly made me sit up and take notice. "But first, you gotta welcome the rest of the participants."
Beg your pardon? He still wouldn't let me enter? That was so presumptuous! But wait! He just said participants, right? So, this wasn't a one-on-one training session. This was news to me! I had no idea who the other participants were. Surely, our new temp Belle wasn't part of it, was she? That'd take the cake! Period!
But far from it! Instead, my instructor held his arms up. In a typical bodybuilder posture, he flexed his biceps. Doing so, the sleeves of his tracksuit slid up, revealing a tattoo on the insides of his upper arms. Holy shit! It seriously said 'Bros b4 Hoes'! No kidding! The sight left me dumbfounded. How misogynistic can you be?
"Greet my bros!" The buff bozo bragged. "C'mon, chica! Say hello like the French do! Your bae did it too!"
What the fuck? For a moment I was thunderstruck. But then I realized he wasn't joking. Hard to believe but Holly had actually done it as part of her training. Oh wow! I didn't know whether to be impressed or disturbed. My bestie kept revealing new sides of herself during our internship. Still, it must have taken a hell of an effort on her part. With her Italian blood, she was way too proud to do something so demeaning. She must have stabbed him with her icy blueys first. Bet! To be honest, I wanted to do the same, but I completely failed. Instead of throwing daggers at the filthy freshman, I hurled a barrage of hysterical giggles at him. Damnit!
And with that, my resistance was broken. Someone who sounded so silly could do any other stupid stuff, right? So, I pursed my lips and kissed all three words. I did the whole thing in the shabby lobby of a run-down gym while members worked out around us. You have to see it to believe it! Even now, it seems surreal to me although I lived it! I don't think I've ever done anything so cringe! But at least, I got a reward for my submission! The Dicktator let me into the gym, so my training could begin. Finally!
---Buzzerfly blonde takes promotion to the next level---
Chet was serious about giving me a tour of the Gonzo Gym. As if he were giving an introduction to the newest Gonzo Gal. Keeping a straight face, he showed me the whole shebang, like all the machines and equipment. As it turned out, he was a great actor, playing the role of fitness coach insanely well. I, on the other hand, could hardly contain myself. The situation was so absurd that I had to giggle several times. The irony was next level!
Whether I liked it or not, I still had to play along. So, my instructor started with the cardio area and had me try out the treadmill. This was ridiculous! It wasn't my first rodeo. I knew how the equipment worked. But of course, the buff bozo had an ulterior motive. He wanted to see my big-ass boobs bounce as I ran. No wonder, considering I was only wearing a flimsy top and no bra. In the end, boys will be boys, right?
And so, my terrific titties jiggled and wobbled, literally like whooping windcones blowing in a storm. Fortunately, there was little going on in the cardio area, so the vulgar display went relatively unnoticed. Nevertheless, I felt totally on show, like in a fishbowl. To make it less obvious that the whole thing was all about my fabulous funbags, I tried to engage the Dicktator in a conversation. After my daily edging sessions, however, I was too horny to come up with creative questions, so I ended up asking about Holly's training.
"Hehehe! You enjoyed being a proxy, huh?" The swole schmuck laughed at me. "Experiencin' Holly's story first hand, that's right up your alley, ain't it? Like an avatar! Hollow on the inside, controlled from the outside."
"No wonder! You look like a custom cunt! Haha!" He added with a laugh. "Born for porn n built for filth! Hell yeah!"
Jesus Christ! I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. No one had ever called me a numbnut and hollowhead in such an elegant way. At the same time, though, no one had ever praised me to the skies like that. And so, my pride covered my indignation. When the man is right, he's right! Other bitches can only dream of looking this good! Especially as I'm all natural and a true blonde. That's extremely rare! Finally, someone's said it!
"All right, chica! You wanna know what Holly did?" The fit freshman asked rhetorically.
And then my breath caught in my throat when he spelled out what my bae had done during the introduction. My shock turned into a lump in my throat when the junior macho asked me to repeat her words. I gulped... and gulped again... I looked around in panic.... there was barely anyone around, so this was the best chance I was going to get. It was now or never!
I opened my mouth... and the Dicktator shocked me for the second time. Right before I started, he pulled his phone from his pocket and started filming my introduction. What the hell? That made it so much worse and even more difficult! After all, it had just gone from public disgrace to eternal humiliation! For fuck's sake!
"Hi everyone, I'm Tata Shakes! I need to learn to be extra obedient to make up for being plain stupid. A hundo p! That's why I'll follow all the instructions during this training. No cap! I'll work real hard to become a super submissive slut. Promise!" I said word for word.
Jesus fucking Christ! I never thought I'd stoop so low as to give myself a stupid nickname, but apparently Holly had done the same in her introduction. I didn't like it, but that's life! Shit happens! To be honest, I liked it even less that I had to come up with a name on the fly. A fair warning would have been nice, especially as the nick had to be super sexist and mega misogynistic. That made it extra humiliating and real difficult! And so, I'm the first to admit that my nom de whore sounded super silly. Was it better than Pawgie DeHooka? I hope so. But in the end, you'll have to decide for yourself, folks!
Whatever! I said it loud enough for a group of women to take notice and look over at us. But luckily, they were standing too far away to hear everything. It shouldn't have mattered anyway! Not to be mean, but they looked like a bunch of trailer park beauty queens who were way out of my league. And yet, I still wanted the ground to swallow me up. No way, I was going to let that name become a thing. Never ever!
"OK, Tata Shakes!" Chet instantly exploited my slip of the tongue. "The first exercise was real basic. Pawgie was supposed to get me beer."
Oh shit! Now, the chick clique had definitely heard the words. Looking over, they shook their heads and wrinkled their noses before they put their heads together to gossip. Fucking hell!
"Turned out harder than expected, tho. You know Holly's honkers... or lack thereof... so you know her itty bitty committee." The Dicktator continued with a chuckle. "That's why she had to work the bottle with her phat ass booty."
"And that's where you come in, Tata Shakes! You got the chance to finish what your booty bae started." He shouted enthusiastically. "Boom, chica! Time to perform the original."
Oh jeez! As if his words weren't bad enough, the beefy bro acted like a cringey cliché of a fitness coach, clapping his hands to motivate me to get a move on. And it worked! Climbing off the treadmill, I hurried off. My exercise was ultra-lewd, so I wanted to get it over with as quickly as possible. Heading straight for the vending machine, I bought three energy drinks. That was a good start!
But then the hard part began. As I tried to stuff an energy drink down my cleavage, I found out that it wasn't as easy as I had expected. My pink v-neck was so low that it barely held the can. Instead, the drink stuck out between my fab fleshpads, looking obscene as hell. No doubt, everybody could see it! With an energy drink in each hand, I made my way to my friends, the gym grunters. Let me tell you, they got wide-eyed when they saw me with the can in my cleavage. The sight was so sick it left them speechless! Finally, I was getting the recognition for my talents I deserved! It made me beam with pride and helped me overcome my embarrassment. Facts!
"Hiya, boys! The time has come to talk of other things -- of shoes n shirts n sexy fits!" I came up with a Vonderstone catchphrase based on the eponymous novel.
It may sound absurd, but I created the slogan for one reason and one reason only. I wanted to avoid saying my new nickname at all costs. Period!
"Look!" I gushed all geed-up. "When you shop at Vonderstone, you get great gifts n cute coupons. Like these free drinks! Ain't that awesome?"
"Oh, hihi! You see, I only got two hands! How else am I supposed to present you dudes with free drinks, right?" I smiled away their questioning looks as they stared at my fabulous funbags.
To finish my promotion, I quickly gave the gym grunters an energy drink before they got any stupid ideas. Pulling the can from my cleavage, I bent over deep enough to give them a good look down my titslit. I was sure they wouldn't forget the promo puppet anytime soon. It's not every day you meet a bubbly blonde like me! More importantly, though, I was certain that the name Vonderstone had been etched into their memories forever! No wonder, as often as I had stressed it! But that was my job as billboard barbie, wasn't it?
As you see, folks, the first step was made! But it was only the beginning! So, I bought three more drinks from the vending machine. Holding one in each hand, I put the third where it belonged: right in my rack crack. You could say I had a tin can stuffed between my fleshcans! Prepared like this, I went to the tatted workout warriors in the free weight area. Of course, they leered at me from afar. But this time, they didn't leave it at that! They also whistled and cracked dirty jokes. It seemed like they had thrown all inhibitions overboard, even though we were still in a public place.
"Hiya, boys! Hihi! You know, the time has come. No cap! Let's talk of other things, like totally. Hihi! Like literally of shoes n shirts n sexy sluts. For sure!"
The tattooed turds had me repeat my catchphrase until I was using more filler words than nouns and giggling more than talking. So silly! And so degrading! But not enough to stop me. The more I had to repeat the slogan, the more they heard it and the less likely they were to forget it. That's marketing101! Facts!
The roughnecks, however, didn't wait for me to hand them the energy drinks. Instead, one of the biker brutes came right up to me. With his unique look, he had caught my eye before, and now I got to see it up close. On both arms, he sported red flame tattoos that blazed all the way up to his neck. To complete the firestarter look, he also had red flames dyed into the sides of his short black hair. Matching his appearance, he had a fiery temper and couldn't wait to snatch the can from my neckline. He didn't even ask! And why should he? I was offering the goods for free, so it was there for the taking. It figures!
Anyway, the firestarter didn't go straight for the energy drink. Instead, he brushed his hand over my bomb-ass bouncers first. He didn't even make it look like an oopsie and he didn't need to! Instead of protesting, I twitched hard when he touched my nipple. And so, the biker repeated it two more times, grinning wickedly at me. Jesus! The guy surely knew how to have fun. And I can't deny that my pussy was starting to have fun, too! But sadly, it was time to bring this promo to an end. After all, I had to distribute more free drinks.
As if! The biker had animated his buddies, to the point that a second dude quickly followed suit. Wearing a bandana and white muscleshirt, he seemed like the fun guy in the group. And I can tell you, folks, he provided plenty of fun... just not for me. Taking the energy drink from my hand, he stuffed it right into my titslit. Apparently, do-it-yourself was the motto of the day! And that's why he didn't stop, even though I shot him an indignant look. Instead, he grabbed my fantastic funbags and pressed them together. Hard to believe, but he actually squeezed the can right out of the crack. When it fell out, he caught it and walked away with a shit-eating grin. Gawd! I'd feel that grip for a long time. Bet!
Whatever! The show was far from over! Before I knew it, the third roughneck was standing in front of me. He was a baldhead with a fully tattooed torso and his manners were as coarse as his looks. Following his buddy's example, he took the can out of my hand and stuffed it right between my bomb-ass bangers. This time, though, I was emotionally prepared, so I didn't bat an eye. But that didn't last long! A second later, I scoffed in disbelief when he opened the can while it was still wedged in my cleavage. I giggled hysterically as he grabbed my fluffy fleshpillows and used my titty meat like a beer tap. Can you believe it? Squatting down, he pulled on my titty flesh to tip the can forward until the liquid leaked out and ran into his mouth. Oh gawd! The son of a bitch turned my glorious grabbags into a soda fountain! This was insane!
"You got any more drinks on tap?" The baldhead asked me as he took the energy drink.
Holy smokes! You won't believe it, but I almost said yes and got the biker bastards more drinks. Somehow, their rude-and-crude vibe appealed to me, making me act impulsively. Just in time, I managed to stop myself... although it wasn't really my idea! Instead, I cried out in surprise as the roughneck tipped the drink and spilled some liquid all over my pink top. Oh my god! The flimsy fabric became wet and see-through in an instant. My stiff nipples were more visible than ever. And yet, I didn't scold the biker boys. Their titgrips hadn't missed their effect. I was all horned up! And so, I thanked them profusely instead! How stupid!
At the end of the day, however, I wasn't here to have fun! There was a third group waiting. And so, I walked through the gym with a wet, see-through top and bought three new drinks. Guided by my dicktrance, I acted on autopilot, a state I knew all too well by now. The feeling of bliss wiped away all worries and my mind focused solely on cock. As my mouth watered and my pussy moistened, my desire took the steering wheel. Sorry, not sorry!
Consequently, I rushed to the functional training area. Stepping through the door, however, I froze! A shock ran through my limbs! The old men were gone. They had been replaced by another group of blue-collar boomers and I hadn't even noticed it. I guess I had been too busy to see people coming and going. So much for my dicktrance!
But that wasn't the reason for my shock! I was stunned out of my mind because I knew the men! They were my father's former colleagues. What a shocker! These men had worked with my dad in the machine factory. I actually knew them by name because my father hosted regular reunions. They had practically seen me grow up right in front of them. Fucking hell!
And with that, the danger had reached a whole new level! They'd recognize me! They'd tell my family! My parents would go ballistic! That would be the nail in the coffin for peace in my family! They'd never forgive me! Any second, the men would see me! The boomers' heads started turning. It was happening in slow motion. I wanted to run away, but I couldn't move! Instead, I watched as they focused their attention to the entrance.
And suddenly, I stared at a broad back! Someone had stepped in front of me. The person was tall and broad-shouldered, hiding me and blocking the factory workers' view. What unexpected luck! But then my luck ran out when I saw the person's face. It was Rey, my neighbor! Another shocker! But at least it made sense, because he was another former colleague. Apparently, he was here with his cronies.
No matter what, my cover was blown! Damn it all! But wait! Ray already knew my secret. And he hadn't told his boomer buddies yet. Was that a good thing or a bad thing? I couldn't tell, but I didn't get the time to think about it anyway.
"Hello Tia, so we meet again! I'd say you're lookin' for me if I ain't know better." My neighbor seemed in a good mood.
"Let's face it, Tia! You're playin' with fire!" He admonished me, albeit in a good-natured way. "I'm all for free expression, but this ain't no big city where you can do whatever the fuck you want n nobody gives a shit. This is a fuckin' small town."
"Believe me, I know that better than most." He told me, pointing at his sleeve tattoos. "That's why I'm givin' you leeway."
"These fellas, tho, they won't be so understandin'!" He nodded to his cronies. "Not to mention your dad!"
"OK! I know what it's like to rebel against your damn ole man. That's why I'm gonna help you out again." He assured me. "But it's the last time."
"For fuck's sake, you can't always count on somebody bailin' you out, Tia!" He spoke into my conscience. "You better watch out n take some responsibility!"
Oh wow! That was almost fatherly advice! He sounded more empathetic and understanding than my dad had ever been. That was real kind. Even kinder was the fact that he helped me out of this jam. I could barely hide my gratitude when he took the three energy drinks and did the advertising for me. Promise!
As luck would have it, I didn't have to meet my father's factory pals. Not today! And hopefully not ever! Nonetheless, I found it hard to believe that my neighbor had no ulterior motives. I wasn't used to the men in this town being so nice and friendly! But of course, I happily played along to pass my first exercise.
--- Gonzo gal becomes a special kind of workout warrior---
After I had successfully completed my task, I returned to my tough-ass trainer, beaming with joy. It felt like a victory parade, even if it didn't look like one! After all, my pink top was soaked and see-through while my nipples were poking through the transparent fabric. But whatever! You have to crack an egg to make an omelet. In the end, I emerged from this predicament stronger than ever. I had slayed the exercise! And so, I was all smiles and happy giggles!
For the second exercise, Chet led me to the women's corner. This was a special area that was off-limits to men and protected from prying eyes by privacy screens. As it was specifically geared towards the needs of women, it featured special equipment for yoga exercises.
"Boom! Tata rocked the room! Damn, chica, that was a total success!" The Dicktator praised my performance. "Quite the surprise, to be honest! But it shows what everybody knows. You're no brat like your bae."
"What are you?" He asked me point-blank.
Oh wow! It was clear what he wanted to hear. Another praise mixed with the bimbo branding. These were tied together like a package deal, weren't they? But frankly, the compliments were more important to me than the degradation. If one could only exist with the other, then so be it! My pussy was throbbing so hard that I needed my climax, no matter how I reached it! So, I played along to earn another cumpliment.
"I'm a bimbo..." I responded with a small voice.
"...like a brave bimbo beauty." I quickly added to give it a more positive spin.
"Bam, that's the thang! Feels good to say it out loud, right?" My instructor teased me. "It's liberatin' to state the truth, ain't it?"
"Whatevs! You're gonna love the next exercise." He announced. "Hoelly Pawg got to play with the beer bottles. First, she got to stuff her cunt n then she got to double penetrate both fuckholes. Shit sounds like fun, ain't it?"
It didn't! Not at all! In truth, it sounded unreal! Double penetration? I could hardly imagine that. Holly must have gone made with lust to go that far. After my assperience at the 'booze-n-bitches' party, I knew I could never pull it off, no matter how horny I was. And so, I looked completely panic-stricken.
"Oh, honey! I'm gonna blow your mind! A hundo p! I'll take one in the coochie n suck the hell outta the other one! No probs!" I started babbling away.
"You're so gonna love this! Promise!" I blathered like a chatterbox. "You know, I'm like a supercharged beef blower, like literally! I could suck the lime slice out of a corona bottle. No cap!"
Oh my god! I was ready to offer anything and everything to prevent the dreaded anal. And I succeeded!
"Now, that's a suggestion! Gotta see it to believe it. Betcha!" The filthy freshman was delighted with my enthusiasm.
"Let's find out if that beef blower's as supercharged as promised." He quickly accepted my offer. "Fortunately, I'm prepared."
And with that, he put an energy drink in front of me. It was a different brand, so it wasn't a can but a round cosmo bottle with a long neck that slowly grew wider.
"Get crackin', blow bunny!" Chet urged me to get going. "Give me 20 push-ups!"
Oh jeez! Someone came on strong! Just because he was a total musclehead didn't mean everyone else was. As a former cheerleader, I was athletic and well-toned, but I had never done so many push-ups in a row. No matter what, the number wasn't the main problem! In fact, the buff bozo had a different kind of push-ups in mind. And he showed me when I got into position. The first time I lowered my body, he grabbed the back of my head and shoved my mouth over the bottle, making me suck on the long neck. No kidding!
Holy shit! I barely just managed to keep my balance and not land flat on the mat. Luckily, my instructor left it at one push, and frankly that was more than enough for a demonstration. After showing me the way, Chet told me to continue on my own, but I was super reluctant to keep going. Small problem? I had bragged too much about my blowjob skills to back out now. Facts!
So, I got back into the plank position with my face above the bottle. As a precaution, I looked around, but the women's corner was deserted. There were only a few female members in the gym and none of them were to be seen. But that did little to calm my nerves. After all, there was no door, just a gap in the privacy shields. And I totally trusted the tatted turds to walk by and peek inside. Imagine what would happen if it wasn't the workout warriors but my father's factory pals. The horror!
Believe me, that got me going fast as fuck! With each pushup, I put my lips over the bottle mouth. But it only took five reps before Chet admonished me. Apparently, I wasn't blowing deep enough. For crying out loud! The Dicktator wanted me to bury half of the neck in my mouth. That was damned difficult! And so, I began to struggle until I was sweating with exertion. But it also had an unexpected side effect. I became clear-headed again! The more my dicktrance waned, the more frustrated I became with the silly exercisese. Safe!
"Look who's showing his true side! Feeling safe enough to let the pig out?" I teased my instructor to vent my anger. "Admit it, boy! You're just like the rest of the family. Von Stein my ass! Filthy swines, the lot of you. No cap!"
Despite my frustration, I continued to suck on the bottle. Deeper and deeper, just as instructed. The silly sight made the youngster laugh out loud. The contrast between my swearing and my obedience must have looked too amusing. His taunting, however, didn't make me any angrier, but instead motivated me. And so, it only took me five more reps before I finally made it. Bet!
"Boom, chica! That's the stuff!" The swole schmuck exclaimed. "Now, hold it, bitch! More gaggin', less babblin'!"
As you see, folks, no more praise! Apparently, it had taken too long for his taste. Clearly, the Dicktator had high expectations for a bimbo. And so, he gave me a new command instead.
"You're always braggin' 'bout your throat clit, ain't ya? What you keep sayin', Tata Shakes? It's connected to your cunt clit, right?" Chet proved he was reading my blog.
"C'mon, bimbo! Make that pussy throb like you got butterflies in your tummy. Show me that buzzerfly barbie!"
Holy shit! This was outrageous! It annoyed the hell out of me. To be perfectly honest, though, it upset me so much because it was true. And I couldn't deny it because it was all too visible. Whenever the bottleneck hit my throat clit, a pulse surged through my pussy, and my booty wiggled every time I gagged. It spurred me on until I gave my throat a real workout, going harder and deeper with each push-up. With all that effort, I couldn't hold the position for long, the pressure in my arm muscles was too much. This was extremely tiring! Facts!
The struggle was real! But the beefy bro didn't give a damn. Instead, he began to count whenever the bottle was down my throat. I had to stay in this position for 10 seconds, which escalated my gagging! I choked like a tiger at a bone and gurgled like an overflowing gutter! As if I were trying to drown out the music in the gym! So nasty!
"C'mon boy! Everybody knows we're not in the same league." I continued teasing the filthy freshman. "Without your family, you're nobody's instructor! Lil nepo baby!"
"Slimin', not whinin'!" My tough-ass trainer deliberately ignored my words. "Give the bottle a douse with those last 5 pushups."
For fuck's sake! This was filthy as fuck! In fact, it was too disgusting for me! And that explained my hissy fit. As you know, temper tantrums are Holly's specialty. As per usual, they're totally out of character for me. But this was a bridge too far. Period!
Nevertheless, I quickly regretted my fit of anger because every action has a reaction. Of course, the Dicktator couldn't let my accusations stand. Grabbing my high pony, he directed the pace of my push-ups. Holding me in place, he kept the bottleneck down my throat twice as long. This stuff was rough! But what did I expect? I had challenged a Dom, which was totally out of line for a subslut. Now, I had to reap what I had sown. It figures!
At least, I fulfilled Chet's order, even if I needed a bit of help. In next to no time, sticky slobber splashed out of my mouth. Oh gosh! I was definitely dousing the bottle! And so, I did the final 5 push-ups while I watched the thick threads of throat slime ooze down the glass. It looked fucking gross! And it felt just as revolting! This was perverted as sin, alas hot as hell!
But wait! Even though my exercise was over, the buff bozo thought an encore was necessary. After all, I had to make up for my disobedience. So, he put his hand on the back of my head and pushed me down. It happened so quickly and unexpectedly that I couldn't defend myself. My arm muscles were too exhausted. And so, I landed flat on the mat with my funbags. In this position, my tremendous titties got squeezed together until they bulged out at the sides. It must have looked vulgar as fuck! But all too soon, it became comical when I began flailing my arms in the air while my head was rammed onto the bottle. My gagging got super savage! And my drooling became a massive flood! The struggle was extreme!
"What you said 'bout sucking stuff outta the bottle, blow bunny?" Chet reminded me of my bragging. "Prove it, chica! Suck the slobber out!"
And with that, he caught me red-handed! I had bitten off more than I could chew! Even though there was a puddle of thick slobber pooling on the bottom of the bottle, there was no way I could suck it all the way up. No chance in hell! Not even a real leaf blower could make that magic work! Facts!
And yet, I was forced to try, because the swole schmuck wouldn't let go of my high pony. Instead, he made matters worse when he swapped his hand with his foot. Yeah, you read that right, folks! He straightened up and put the sole of his sneaker on the back of my head. He didn't add any pressure, but it was enough to hold me in place. Even though it barely changed my position, the effect was immense. The gesture alone was so dominant that my whole body trembled. Bet!
"Looks like the blow bunny's better at mouthin' off than suckin' off!" Chet scolded me once again. "Sure as shit, our dumb-ass doll gotta drink the contents then. A chick's gotta stay dehydrated."
Oh fuck! That sounded even nastier than anything that had come before! But I bit me lip to stop myself from clapping back. After all, that was what had gotten me into hot water in the first place. I wouldn't make that mistake again. To be honest, I didn't want more scolding, I wanted more compliments, no matter how! And so, I took the bottle, even though my hands were shaking like crazy!
"Congratz then!" My instructor finally said something appreciative. "Sounds like you're a gym grunter now, or should I say gym gagger?"
"Hell yeah! I'm all for gym gaggie!" He exclaimed self-satisfied. "Got a nice, bimboy ring to it, ain't it? Picture perfect for our blonde, brainless bargain bimbo bunny, right?"
Holy hell! That didn't sound funny at all! All these bimbo names were absolute no-goes! So, I opened my mouth in protest! But I didn't get to answer because I froze. All of a sudden, I looked dumbstruck! And then I wanted to die right there in the gym! A female member had come to the women's corner. Unbelievable but true! She greeted Chet all too cheerfully, as if they were good acquaintances. Meanwhile, I was frantically scrambling to my feet, stammering something about the fitness coach grinding me to the breaking point. What a flimsy excuse! But the best I could do in such a rush. Promise!
Whatever! The woman hardly paid any attention to me anyways. While I was sitting on the yoga mat, she started flirting with the musclehead. Can you believe it? The bitch was nowhere near as good looking as me. She was no natural beauty but heavily glowed up. Her hair was dyed platinum blond with pink highlights and cheap extensions. Even her titties were fake, bulging out her yoga top like round bowling balls. So cheap and so trashy alas major competition for me!
After all, we know how much the junior macho got the hots for bimbo blondies. And this woman was definitely a fake-ass fuckdoll. As it turned out, though, a rival was the biggest motivator ever! No way, I'd let some wannabe instawhore ace me out! Suddenly, I was totally geed up to turn this training into a success. But stupidly my instructor was distracted, so what was I supposed to do?
Remember? Do-it-yourself was the motto of the day! So, I took matters into my own hands. Putting the bottle to my lips, I started sipping the slobbery slime. This was yikes, but I didn't care. I was on a mission! Even though the yukky liquid grossed me out, I chugged it all down, slurping extra loud to get the buff bozo's attention. But it didn't work! Chet continued flirting with the wrong bimbo.
No way, I was willing to let that stand! Getting in a rage, I took things a step further. In case you missed it, I know enough yoga poses to make any woman jealous. So, I began to strike one pose after another. I must admit that I presented myself as uninhibited and lewd as possible. Unfortunately, though, it didn't arouse the Dicktator's attention, it aroused me! Before I knew it, I was woozy and dicktranced. More and more frequently, I caught myself throwing furtive glances at Chet's crotch, hoping to see a bulge. But no such luck!
And that motivated me even more! I wanted to feel his stiff prick filling my void. But first, I wanted to be the one to make him hard. That's why my yoga poses got more and more provocative. Starting with the upward dog, I lay flat on my belly before pressing into my hands to lift my torso. Drawing my shoulder blades toward one another, I pushed my juggs out until they bulged out the pink top. What a saucy sight! Take that, fake floozy!
From there, I shifted into the candle pose. In the shoulder stand, I stretched my legs up while I supported my hips with my hands. This was the perfect posture for my ultra-tight leggings, as my cameltoe stood out super sassily. But I still played it safe! Over and over, I spread my legs apart and pushed them back together to show my swollen snatch through the flimsy fabric. Granted, it was more of a stripper pose, but I'm sure we can find a fancy yoga name for it. Bet!
As a reward for my hard work, I noticed Chet looking over to me more and more often. That drove me on to go for the kill and assume the downward dog pose. With my ass in the air, I propped myself up on hands and feet while looking down. As a result, my body practically formed a triangle with my swollen snatch forming the highest point and bulging out my pink leggings. At the same time, my bomb-ass boobs dangled off my chest and bulged out my pink top. What a double hitter! And so, I held the position long and longer. It was extremely exhausting, but I was too eager and way too dicktranced to let go. To up the ante, I started moving my shoulders to make my boobies bounce. But it wasn't enough! So, I began shaking my ass to make my booty jiggle. I'd damn sure win this duel! No doubt about it!
Finally, the fake-ass bitch realized that Chet's attention was waning and finished her exercise. Before leaving, she hugged the musclehead goodbye in a super flirty way. On her way out, she even gave me a meaningful eyeroll. But whatever! I wasn't here to make new girlpals, I was here to impress the Dicktator! All that mattered was that she was gone. She could take her snootiness and shove it! Period!
"Yo, hoe! That was impressive, damn sure!" Chet finally praised me again. "Gotta say I like my blonde, brainless, big-boob bargain bimbo bunny desperate n needy."
"Time to go for it! Do 20 squats!" He gave me a new exercise. "But beware, each squat only counts if you pick up the bottle."
Excuse me! I was supposed to do what? That sounded impossible! Then again, I had flexed my slut skills and failed to walk the talk yet. I still had to prove that I could handle two bottles at the same time. After talking big, I had to deliver big. But how? I could hardly take my leggings off in the middle of the gym. Not feasible!
Fortunately, my tough-ass trainer had an understanding and stepped in to help a ditzy doll out. Getting close to me, he grabbed the pink material right between my legs. A second later, I gasped out loud! Hard to believe, but the buff bozo had ripped the fabric apart. It wasn't durable nylon but thin cotton! And so, it didn't stand a chance. With my mouth open, I stared down my body as I realized that the junior macho had torn a hole between my legs. No kidding!
"Go fuck yourself! These are promo clothes!" I hissed at him. "They're your uncle's! For fuck's sake!"
"And now you gotta pay this fit. Tough shit! But it's your fault. You failed to find another way, dumb-ass doll." The filthy freshman took the wind out of my sails. "Not my prob that you're too stupid to find a better way."
"Face it, chica! You fucked up n I had to make the decision for you." He turned the tables on me. "Deal with it, bootleg barbie! Otherwise, training's over!"
And with that, I was silent. Buying a new gym fit wasn't planned in my budget, but that was a problem for later! For the time being, the urgent issue was solved. My pussy was free and open for access. So, I started doing squats. With my legs straddled, I bent my knees until my pussy touched the bottle. But it wasn't enough! I had to squat real low to push my soaked snatch over the bottlemouth. And that still wasn't enough! I had to ram the bottleneck up my fuckhole and tighten my vag muscle to lift it up. Luckily, the bottle was empty! Otherwise, it would have never worked!
This was the ultimate pelvic floor exercise! And yet, it was pretty damn difficult. It took me several tries before I could lift the bottle, even an inch. By this point, I was already out of breath, and it wasn't getting any better. I struggled hard and slaved away harder! I panted and gasped! My pussy leaked and sticky cuntjuice stuck to the bottle. This was so dirty and so nasty, alas so hot!
Every successful rep was followed by twice as many unsuccessful tries. After I had lifted the bottle 10 times, my leg muscles were burning! I needed a break, but I wasn't ready to give up and admit defeat! Instead, the swole schmuck stepped in and helped me out again. Standing in front of me, he grabbed my stiff nipples. Rolling them between his fingers, he increased the pressure until I moaned. Then he began to use my puffies as titty hooks, pulling me up and down on them. Whether I liked it or not, I had to follow the movement. I had no say in the matter! Period!
Obviously, I had forfeited my right to my own opinion due to my repeated failures. That was only logical and consistent! To be honest, it felt liberating. As if a weight had been lifted from my shoulders! And yet, my success rate remained an embarrassment. I still needed twice as many attempts for the final 10 reps. Gosh! That was pathetic for both a subslut and a former cheerleader. And so, I was rightfully ashamed of myself. After doing the pushups and squats like an amateur, my instructor determined that I had failed the compound exercise. It figures!
---Gym gaggie rows, rows, rows a boat---
My instructor had given me two exercises. One was successful and the other a failure, so it was a draw! Accordingly, the next exercise would decide whether I passed the training or not. Talk about pressure!
Despite the importance, I found it hard to concentrate because I was starting to feel exhausted and even more horny! After all, I could have cum during the squats, but the buff bozo had mauled my nipples too roughly for that. Instead, I had edged so many times I had lost count, leaving me needy as hell! Son of a bitch!
And yet, I didn't get a chance to deal with my desire. Instead, the training continued without interruption. On our way to the next exercise, I had to keep an eye on my surroundings and watch my every move. On the one hand, the energy drink had long since dried, so my pink top was no longer see-through. On the other hand, I had a hole in my leggings. Consequently, I walked on eggshells, trying my best to hide the tear in my pants, which was easier said than done. Promise!
Truth be told, I found it hard to keep up with Chet's brisk pace as I followed him. Shuffling along with my thighs squeezed together, I must have looked ridiculous! As if I needed to go to the toilet real bad. So embarrassing! But so not my concern! More importantly, the filthy freshman led me into a new room that I hadn't seen before. And when I peeked inside, I knew the reason why. It was no longer in use and had been converted into a storage room where old and discarded fitness equipment was stored.
"Yo, my hoe! Hoelly Pawg had to give me a blowie while I did a barbell exercise. She had to show she could throat my broner." The junior macho explained. "Sure as shit, the hot thot needs training in cocksmokin'."
"Since I work here, we're gonna change things up." He quickly determined. "Your turn to do an exercise, gym bunny. You gotta prove you can fuck while workin' out!"
Oh-kay! I had no idea what that was supposed to mean. But I was soon to find out as the swole schmuck pushed me over to an old rowing machine that was discarded for good reason. It was as rusty as it was dusty! But it didn't matter because my instructor had a different kind of use in mind anyway.
Shortly after, I found myself lying flat on the machine, my toned tummy pressed onto the rolling seat. That's not how I remembered this thing to work! But whatever! It's not a bimbo's job to think and ask questions. That's why I grabbed the handle and started rowing, my body sliding back and forth. Finally, a workout I slayed at the first try! But then I found out that this wasn't my complete task!
"Repeat after me: this bubbly, blonde, brainless, big-boobed, bargain bimbo bunny begs to be banged!" The Dicktator prompted me.
Please what? That came totally out of the blue! At first, I looked dumbfounded. Then I glared at my tough-ass trainer. And for good reason! If that wasn't a tongue twister! Of course, I had noticed that the fit freshman was a fan of alliteration. His nickname got longer every time he called me a bimbo. That was outrageous! The impertinence was level infinity!
And yet, every word made my pussy throb. After all, a compliment was attached to it whenever I got called a bimbo. If that wasn't tempting! To be honest, the mere thought of another compliment made my cunt feel like a live wire. And so, my pussy made me do it while my mind tried to stop me. In the end, I was way too needy, so my horniness won out! Smiling broadly, I looked the swole schmuck in the eye as I began to beg. My gosh! This wasn't just a mouthful, it was a total jawbreaker!
I guess, I don't need to tell you the result, folks. I failed miserably. What a surprise... not! In fact, I didn't even make it to the third b-word before I tripped over my tongue. And it didn't get any better after that. I mispronounced the words so many times and in so many different ways that I started to shake with embarrassment. At that point, I wasn't just in a dicktrance, I was dickdazed. My voice sounded slurred, and my vision was blurred. As if I was high as a kite! It was obvious that I was having trouble stringing thoughts together when I started to forget half the adjectives. There was no denying it, I really did sound like an illiterate idiot! Period!
And yet, I didn't mind acting so stupid! Everything was warm and fuzzy. My pussy was throbbing, and my body was on fire! I was consumed by lust and driven by desire. That was all that mattered! The junior macho definitely knew how to twist a subslut's mind. Not only did I sound like a bimbo but also felt like one. And the consequences were crystal clear. I never figured out how to pronounce the whole nickname correctly. After the tenth failure, I finally gave up. Instead, I decided to focus on my personal qualities, aka being a hot piece of ass.
"Sorry, honey, so sorry! I'm dumber than a box of rocks. No cap!" I tried to be cheeky in defeat while remembering America's favorite game. "But at least, I got two bags of fun. Way better, right?"
And that's how I found out that Chet was a sly guy. While chuckling at my self-disclosure, he took full advantage of my epic fail. Based on the number of misses, he determined the length of fuck time. Believe it or not, I'd get banged for 10 minutes and not a second longer. This was absurd!
But then the filthy freshman made things worse when he placed a timer next to the rowing machine so I could see the minutes ticking down. Holy shit! That made me fall silent! My pussy, on the other hand, was the opposite of silent. It tingled with anticipation. This was nuts!
9:59... 9:58... 9:57...
After watching the timer for a few seconds, I got moving. Rowing frantically, my body slid back and forth. Meanwhile, the buff bozo didn't remain idle. Instead, he dropped his sweatpants and stepped behind me. Grabbing my stretched-out legs, he spread them apart. That's when the hole in my leggings came in real handy! My soaked snatch lay ripe and ready in front of him. But the beefy bro made no effort to slip it in. This was my exercise, so I had to do the work! In response, I rowed faster and wilder than ever. After all, I remembered his glorious girth all to well.
And then it finally happened. My cunt was so wet that it made a squishing sound when it slipped over the shaft. Like a velvet glove, my snug channel wrapped around his boner. As my lovebox opened, stars exploded before my eyes. This was fire! Accordingly, my vag muscle began to contract, massaging the rigid rod. But not for long! I had to keep rowing. When my body rolled forward, my snatch slipped off the cock. Damnit! As soon as my twat was empty, I craved to be filled. My desire was staggering! Every fiber of my body was vibrating! My whole being was reduced to my clit. I needed more! Much more!
As a consequence, I rowed faster and faster until my arms were on fire. My pussy slid up and down Chet's cock. But each stuffing was followed by emptiness! After every plugging, my void gaped wider, and the hollowness felt more devastating! As a result, I was literally dancing on the edge but couldn't cum! Louder and louder, my cunt smacked when air entered my fucktunnel. Louder and louder, my twat squelched when the dick filled in my blank. I was ecstatic, but something was missing to take me to the gloryland!
0:29... 0:28... 0:27...
And then there was the timer! I watched in panic as the minutes ticked down. I was so close! But there was hardly any time left. So, I wiggled my ass to encourage the Dicktator to bang away. Time for the dickdown, boy! I wanted him to take my body and own my holes! I wanted him to go to town and pound my pussy! But far from it! He did the opposite and remained completely passive. This sucked balls!
It was inevitable! And eventually it happened! The alarm clock rang. And the boner vanished immediately. Fucking shit! I whimpered in despair as I felt the yawning hollowness! I hadn't made it! Another epic fail! And it left me an emotional wreck. Safe!
Chet, on the other hand, remained unfazed. He stepped aside and pulled up his sweatpants. Oh no! He couldn't leave me like this! My pussy was throbbing so hard my booty was wiggling on the seat. I needed one more touch, just one more, and I'd explode. A single flick to my clit would be enough. Promise!
"I got other things to do besides taking care of dumb-ass dolls." The junior macho told me.
Oh shit! Instead of a little assistance, I got a harsh rebuff. So unfair!
"You get one more chance, gym bunny!" He determined. "Do another exercise! If it's some slutty shit, you get another ride on the broner! Hell yeah!"
And with that the filthy freshman was gone! He left me alone in the storage room! A discarded barbie doll next to the discarded gym equipment. Unbelieve! This was as humiliating as it was disrespectful! And my indignation was correspondingly high! But my arousal was even higher. My pussy continued throbbing although the climax was gone. As it turned out, a ruined orgasm only jacked up my arousal. And along with it, my mood went from dickdazed to dickdrunk. Feeling intoxicated, I could neither think straight nor walk straight! My field of vision was restricted and fixed on phallic objects, reducing my focus on one thing only: satisfying my craving! I needed cock! And I needed it inside me! Period!
As if that weren't bad enough, I felt unable to stop myself from obeying orders. That's why I started a new exercise, just as instructed. But not just any kind of workout. I hadn't understood much of Chet's instruction, but I knew it had to be super slutty. So, I focused on presenting my curves in all their glory. For this reason, I sat down on the adductor machine, which allowed me to spread my legs and flash my pussy through the tear in the leggings. Since the machine was facing the door, the Dicktator would see my exposed cunt as soon as he entered... or any other member who came into the room.
Jesus! That thought was enough to give my twat a good hard throb. But sadly, I hardly believed that a gym goer would stray into the storage room. If it did happen after all, the guy could lend his cock and fuck the shit out of me. Now, that was a win-win situation I liked! Come to think of it, Chet had said the interval was 10 minutes, but he hadn't said he could be the only one fucking me, had he? In my opinion, any man with a membership card was welcome to fill in my gap. Go figure!
As you see, all my thoughts revolved around dicks and how I could get them inside me. At least, there was one aspect where I was creative and clever. After all, everyone's got a talent, even the ditziest dummy. Facts!
And so, I listened intently to what was going on outside the room while I was training on the adductor machine. Several times, I heard footsteps. Pricking up my ears, I held my breath. But the footsteps moved away faster than they approached. At one point, I even heard the voices of two guys talking and my mouth watered. But the men kept walking. No one came into the room. Damnit!
Once again, Chet made me wait extra long. And so, I got bored with the adductor exercise. Actually, I was low-key disappointed that no man got to see me like this. What a wasted opportunity! Picking a new machine, I chose the hyperextension back trainer, because I could do double damage with it! To carry out the exercise, I had to lean my thighs against the pad and bend over. As a result, my ass was sticking up in the air and my pussy was on full display. That was the first advantage! With my head hanging down, my fabulous funbags dangled off my chest, bulging out my top. That was the second advantage! In combination, the sight was fire!
So, I quickly started my training. Moving my torso up and down, I felt my heavy hooters pulling me down, which gave me a brilliant idea. How about pulling my bomb-ass bangers out of my top and letting them bounce around freely? No sooner said than done! Pushing the pink material aside, I released my terrific titties. A few moments later, they bounced to the rhythm of my movements. Bet!
But suddenly I froze! Just when my head was down, a pair of sneakers stepped in front of me. I hadn't seen them before, so they weren't Chet's. Nevertheless, the owner of the shoes set the timer and put it in front of me. The clock was ticking! Son of a bitch!
9:59... 9:58... 9:57...
Believe me, I got ultra-hectic. Pushing my torso up, I finally got a good look at the person. And I recognized him at once! I beamed with joy because it was Matt! He had come to check on my training progress. So awesome! Finally, the cocky player was giving me the attention I deserved! About time he shed his phlegm! Facts!
But then I grunted in surprise! I felt a dick behind me. I didn't even need to look over my shoulder to recognize Chet's glorious girthwarrior. He had come back in tow of Matt and snuck up on me. No wonder he had waited for my manager's arrival. After all, the machofucker was his role model. As if that was important! All that mattered was the fact that I'd finally got to enjoy his meaty bone again! And this time, the junior macho didn't remain passive! As he drove his ramrod into me, my soaked snatch greeted him with a smacking squelch. My pussy basically cheered him on!
8:59... 8:58... 8:57...
And suddenly, the Dicktator stopped again. But why? I needed a moment to realize that he pounded me in rhythm with my back extensions. The sneaky schmuck! As soon as I understood, I frenetically increased my pace. And along with it, my instructor sped up the thrusting. Whenever I pulled my torso up, he drove his dick in. My response was unmistakable! I moaned without restraint whenever I got pushed to my tiptoes. The scene was sizzling hot!
Most certainly, it was too hot for Matt! He couldn't just stand by and watch. Instead, he opened his pants. But that was all! Other than pulling out his cock, he didn't lift a finger. Damnit! The lazy slacker reared his ugly head again! So disappointing! But I was too hyped to put up with this shit. That's not how it works, pal! Not today! Clasping my hands behind my head, I bent over the padded portion of the back trainer. Every time my head went down, I sucked on Matt's machomeat. Every time I drew up, Chet thrust his rigid rod into my wet twat. What a one-two punch!
Up and down! Back and forth! This was a real workout...
But I didn't care how hard I had to work for my pleasure! Finally, I got what I needed: cocks! In my dickdrunk state, there was nothing more important! And these boners would quench my thirst real soon. I could feel the orgasm building up inside of me. The heat started deep in my core and slowly spread to every limb. In a moment, the sensations would reach my clit and I'd explode. I was so horned up, I'd squirt all over the place. Bet!
4:59... 4:58... 4:57...
And suddenly, the pricks were gone! I scoffed in disappointment as I looked around and searched for the magic sticks. But my eyes got stuck on the timer. Panic rose in me as I realized that half the time had already expired. Fucking hell!
But then I groaned out loud again. The boys were back! They had swapped positions before picking up where they had left off. With surprising fervor, Matt split my slick folds and rammed his dick deep into my snug channel. At the same time, Chet grabbed my high pony and pushed me down onto his big boner. Finally, they took over, and I was extremely grateful for that. It wasn't my ambition to eat men for breakfast. It was my desire to be taken and owned. Facts!
Up and down! Back and forth! The workout turned into a dickdown...
The whole time, the fratsters kept the same rhythm. My instructor pushed my head down until his cock was deep in my gullet. The moment he pulled me back up, my mean manager met my movement with a deep, hard thrust.
Up and down! In and out! 0:59... 0:58... 0:57... Up and down! In and out! 0:09... 0:08... 0:07...
Time was over! The guys hadn't cum, and I hadn't cum either. What a double fail! It hurt twice as much. And for good reason! This had turned into a real losing streak. As a result, I was in imminent danger of flunking out of the training and getting fired from my job. That would be a major catastrophe! I had secured Holly's job and lost my own in the process. The irony hurst!
---Dumb belle pumps the dumbbells---
Ever so slowly, the worst-case scenario dawned on me. This was a total disaster! But I was too dickdrunk to come up with any kind of solution. Instead, the men took the helm. While I was still hanging over the back trainer, Chet grabbed me by the shoulder and led me off the machine.
"That exercise screamed 'fuck me', sure as shit! Good choice for a bimbo!" My instructor praised me.... sorta.
"For real, that shit was lit! You've earned the right to do another exercise!" He enlightened me. "You're gonna love it cuz we've prepared it 'specially for you, gym bunny."
OK! That sounded ominous. But whatever! This was way better than getting kicked out of the training. So, I let myself be surprised. As a dickdrunk doll, that was easier for me anyway. To be honest, I started to like the bliss of ignorance. Let the men make the tough decisions while I concentrated on looking pretty. Clever!
And so, I let the Dicktator pull me over to an old rusty weight bench. My instructor was explaining something to me, but I was too woozy to listen. Instead, my eyes kept wandering to the two raging boners that made my mouth water. And before I knew it, I was lying on the bench. It was clear why it had been discarded. The leather was torn in several places and foam was sticking out. The moment my back touched the bench, I thought of all the sweat that had soaked into the leather over the years, and it made me cringe. But that was just a minor matter! I wasn't here as a privileged princess, I was here to slay the training!
"You know the exercise you do on this bench, bootleg barbie?" Chet asked rhetorically. "It's called the dumbbell-bench-press, so it's a perfect fit for you, don't you agree? Hehehe!"
"Of course, we know normal dumbbells are too heavy for the dumb belle. Damn right! So, we've brought a special set, just for you. Ain't that nice?" He elaborated.
And with that, he pressed two sports bottles into my hands. Weird flex, but OK! I had no idea what this was all about. Did the guys seriously believe that I couldn't do the exercise the normal way like everybody else? That was outrageous! But then again, it was so absurd that it fit into the whole training! And so, I just giggled stupidly in response. After all, that was the normal reaction, right?
Anyway, I instantly stopped giggling when Matt put the timer on the floor and started it. That got me going! Holding both sports bottles parallel to my chest I fully extended my arms. Then I slowly lowered my special dumbbells down towards my tits until my upper arms were parallel to the floor. As soon as the weights were at chest height, I brought the bottles back up. Easy as pie!
9:59... 9:58... 9:57...
Up and down! I cheered in joy.... Up and down! This worked like a charm... Up and down! I screamed in shock... Up and down! This didn't go well...
I hadn't noticed it before, but the lid was missing from the bottles! And so, I was in for a surprise! Out of a sudden, a white liquid sloshed out and poured over my collarbone. Pooling in my jugulum, it felt damn sticky. Whatever it was, it was gross as fuck! Accordingly, I stopped my workout. I was too busy shaking with disgust and too shocked to carry on!
"Think of the time, dumb hoe! It's running out on you." Matt reminded me.
"Oh, chica, didn't we mention? This exercise got a side task." Chet enlightened me. "You gotta pour all that stuff over your body before the time runs out. Drain the dumbbells, fuckin' dumb belle."
Holy shit! I didn't like this instruction. I didn't like it at all! Not only did the filthy fluid feel gross, but it also looked obscene. We were still in the Gonzo Gym. At some point, I had to get out of the storage room. No way, I could risk looking dirty and greasy. Facts!
8:59... 8:58... 8:57...
I heard the timer ticking. And suddenly, I needed no more prompting. Rolling my eyes, I raised my arms again. Up and down! The liquid was so gooey it barely moved.... Up and down! I shook the bottles during every chest press.... Up and down! The sticky stuff seeped out super slow like syrup... Up and down! I screamed in terror...
Finally, a big blob had oozed out. That was the good part! This time, though, the icky liquid dripped directly onto my face. That was the bad part! Accordingly, my disgust became stronger and my screaming louder! As a result, I squirmed and wriggled like a fucking eel.
"Hehehe! I like the way you're handlin' your shit." My instructor announced. "As soon as you sense somethin' sticky, you take it right in the face. Like a good whore! Always ready for a facial! Hell yeah!"
"She better! Bitch gotta make up being a dumbass. She needs to act like a wanton whore!" Matt sounded a lot less nice than his fratpal. "Gotta say, tho, she got good slut senses. She knows her cum when she sees it."
"You should be so happy! We spent a week collectin' all the bro batter in the Yamos house." Chet finally explained the source of the filthy fluid. "Saved it all for you! So you can get your slut snack during training. Wouldn't want you gettin' dehydrated. Hehehe!"
Holy shit! They had done what? For the life of me, I couldn't imagine that! I didn't even want to picture how it had worked in the frathouse. This wasn't just yikes, it was totally bizarre and even more vile and revolting! As a result, I thrashed around like a snake without a head. In fact, I wriggled so savagely that I almost slipped off the bench. And not even from another splash of stale sack sauce but from the words alone. Facts!
For fuck's sake! This was bad news, or more like the worst news ever! I was expecting anything but this! Fresh fratboy mash was bad enough, but dried, old pecker paste was horrible. Just thinking about it made me wince and gag at the same time. Accordingly, I stopped anything I was doing.
7:59... 7:58... 7:57...
I was frozen in shock until my instructor told me that 2 minutes had passed already. That was the push I needed. And so, I lifted my arms back up, looking at the sports bottles with a mixture of fear and revulsion.
Up and down! I pumped so fast that I started sweating... Up and down! I struggled to let the cold, sticky cum rain down on me... Up and down! The situation was so comical that I started giggling... Up and down! My giggling stopped when the sperm shower hit me... Up and down! I gasped and grunted as a gooey glob of man jam dribbled into my mouth and landed on my tongue...
"Let no one say the bro bunny ain't takin' things seriously." Chet stated somewhat sarcastically.
"Sweet, man! That proves it. All bimbos swallow." Matt added in the most uncharming way. "No wonder, tho! Somehow, airheads gotta fill their hollow skulls, right?"
Oh my god! Their dirty talk was nasty as hell. And yet, it was the best motivation ever! Although I was still busy swallowing the sticky sperm slush, I continued with the chest presses. As a result, the next gush rained down on my fantastic funbags, leaving big blobs on my titty meat. Jesus!
I must have been a complete mess by now. My face was glazed with goo, and my big-ass boobs were smeared with spunk. There were even a few cumstains on my pink top. Although my gym fit was already torn to shreds, the designer in me didn't like ruining clothes. But whatever! All in all, I must have looked pretty damn vulgar!
6:59... 6:58... 6:57...
Suddenly, I grunted louder than all the gym grunters in the studio combined. Out of the blue, the two fratsters changed their approach. Chet went to one end of the bench and Matt to the other. As soon as my instructor was between my legs, he drove his fat fuckstick into my wet twat. A warning would have been nice! Instead, his thickness made me gasp as it stretched my snatch. This was so abrupt that I didn't get a chance to get used to the stuffing. And yet, my body welcomed the massive member into my depths as my dripping void got filled. This was wild!
At the same time, Matt approached the head of the bench. He positioned himself right above my face, his legs to the left and right of my ears. From this position, he plunged his prick straight down. Good thing my lips were open from the loud moaning. But soon my groaning was replaced by gagging. With my head hanging over the edge of the bench, Matt's machomeat met hardly any resistance, so he drilled it deep into my throat. As a result, the squelching of my snatch and the gagging of my gullet fought a tough battle. As if they were fighting to see what was louder! Jesus Christ!
In any case, the competition left its mark on me. The powerful pounding made my pussy cream until cuntjuice ran down the inside of my thighs, leaving dark traces in my leggings. At the same time, the savage skull fucking caused slimy slobber to ooze out of my mouth and mix with the rancid fratpaste until my face was completely plastered. All these sensations came crashing down on me, driving me crazy. As a result, I completely forgot about my actual exercise.
5:59... 5:58... 5:57...
"Giving up already, Goldilocks?" Matt taunted my inactivity.
"Remember, dolly! Gotta collect all the bro batter before the time runs out." Chet reminded me in between deep strokes. "From all four sources, of course!"
That was a good argument! And so, I grunted when I raised my arms back up. However, the exercise had become infinitely more difficult because I was getting spitroasted on the worn and battered weight bench. For this reason, my movements were much slower than before. And yet, I didn't complain because the hard deep thrusts felt way too good. At that moment, I didn't know what was more important to me. The short-term pleasure or the long-term employment at Vonderstone. I guess, it was a give-and-take!
4:59... 4:58... 4:57...
Out of the blue, Matt gave up the competition. I have no idea why, but it didn't matter. What mattered was his next move. Pulling his cock out of my mouth, he took a step forward. Grabbing my fluffy fleshpillows by the sides, he squeezed them together, creating a tight titslit. And of course, he instantly took advantage of it! Slightly bending his knees, he brought his machomeat level with my meat mounds. And then he pushed forward, driving his big stick deep into my rack crack.
Can you believe it! My skeevy supervisor was only thinking about his pleasure, with no regard for my exercise. In the titfuck position, I couldn't do my chest presses over my face or my boobs. Instead, I had to empty the bottles over my toned tummy. With that, however, the risk of messing up my pink top was much greater. Not to mention that the titty fucking kept throwing me off my rhythm, slowing me down even further. But the cocky player didn't give a shit. He was only interested in using my fab fleshpads to jerk off. For fuck's sake!
3:59... 3:58... 3:57...
A few moments later, I noticed another side effect. After taking a step forward, Matt's ass hovered right over me. And then he suddenly bent his knees, pressing his butt against my cheeks. The nasty move caught me off-guard and made me shriek out loud! But my screams got stifled by the hairy buns burying my face. Instead, I grunted as my nose got caught in his ass crack. Like a credit card, it got swiped through his anal cleft and I inhaled the musky scent. Fucking disgusting!
2:59... 2:58... 2:57...
Every time Matt's ass slid over my face, I jerked and wriggled in disgust. My body thrashed around so hard that Chet's cock slipped out of my pussy. But my mean manager didn't give a damn. He simply kept going, fully focused on the titfucking. Even worse, he reached behind him to grab my high pony. Lifting my head, he drove my face even deeper into his ass cheeks. My disgust was ineffable!
"C'mon, bitch! Thank me for letting you do another exercise." The machofucker called me out. "Otherwise, you woulda lost by now. Stick that tongue out!"
Oh fuck! That was the last thing I wanted to do. In truth, I wanted to get as far away from that hairy butt as possible.
"That's not how this exercise works, dumb hoe! Looks like the dimestore doll needs some motivation!" My mean manager remarked when he noticed my hesitation. "I bet she's gonna munch on my ass like it's a five-star meal when that bean field gets plowed."
"Too bad for the bitch, no rimming equals no banging." He concluded.
And then the two fratsters proved to be well attuned. To lend gravity to Matt's words, his protégé tapped his cockhead against my clit. And an electric charge surged through me! For fuck's sake! It made me twitch and tremble hard. But then it got even more intense! The filthy freshman tapped my clit again and again. He didn't stop until I was vibrating like a butterfly wing. The irony!
1:59... Tap! 1:58... Tap! 1:57... Tap! My instructor counted down the remaining time, poking my clit with each count.
1:56... Tap! 1:55... Tap! 1:54... Tap! I felt like I was going insane! The craving in my loins was mind-blowing. The emptiness between my legs was overwhelming. It overrode all logic and overcame all revulsion.
And with that, my hesitation was blown away. Pursing my lips, I immediately felt the sweaty butt crack against my mouth. That was yikes! But then Chet's cock slid back into my dripping cunt, and everything got better! The carnal satisfaction of being not just full, but stuffed, was all-consuming. It made me moan so loud that my lips vibrated, giving my mean manager even more pleasure. Fuck me sideways!
To make matters worse, I had to continue the chest presses to pour the last remnants of dried, old pecker paste over my belly. And all this while my tits were getting fucked and my pussy pounded. I would have cum already if the rancid, bitter taste of boss' butt hadn't kept me from reaching my climax. Instead, I continued dancing on the edge. For crying out loud!
"Fuck me, titty tramp! You truly are a brainless bimbo! Can't even give a good rimjob." Matt chided me.
"Use that kissy mouth, dummy!" He prompted me. "Gimme some good smooches!"
Holy shit! I would have clapped back at the jerkface if my mouth hadn't been buried in his ass meat. Instead, a lump formed in my throat making me hesitate.
"0:59... 0:58... 0:57..." Chet gave a sudden update.
And with each count, he used two fingers to pinch my clit. That acted like an adrenaline shot to the heart! Taking a deep dive between Matt's butt cheeks, I began showering his ass crack with kisses. I actually spat on his asshole several times before I dug in, licking and tonguing his butthole. My god! This was disgusting to the max!
"Yeah, bitch! Now we're getting somewhere!" The jackass groaned. "Eat my ass like you're tonguing the filling out of a twinkie."
Oh jeez! What a nasty jab! It made me cringe and whimper at the same time! But it also drove me to peak performance. I basically made out with his asshole as if we were two horny teenagers on a first date. Obeying my manager's every command, I took turns kissing and tonguing his ass and butt crack. My god! This was vulgar to the max!
And the effect was painfully obvious. Matt's thrusts through my titslit became more frantic and his moans louder. It couldn't be long before I caught the first fratster's cum. And Chet wasn't far behind. I heard him grunting like a wild boar, so I'd soon reap my second reward as well. All that was missing were the bottles and I could only hope that I had shaken them enough. Fingers crossed!
But then Matt changed his approach. Again! Slightly lifting his ass, he let it hover over my face. At the same time, he started to tap my nipples with his prick, teasing me and making my body twitch. For heaven's sake! He was stalling! The machofucker was trying to delay his orgasm, setting me up for failure! No way, I was going to let that happen. No chance in hell!
"Hey, bitch! I feel some sticky shit on my ass. You didn't wipe that old-ass fratboy splooge on my butt, did you? Better lick that off! And pronto!" He barked at me.
Holy hell! He was right! Remember, folks, my face had been smeared with bro batter and slimy slobber. By rubbing his ass over my face, all that gooey grease had passed on to him. Sorry, not my fault! But my problem if I wanted to avoid another fail. This was so unfair!
As you see, folks, I had to deal with this shit whether I liked it or not. So, I stuck out my tongue and lifted my head. I couldn't believe it, but I actually licked the gross grease off his ass cheeks, even though it made my body shudder. But that wasn't all! The cocky player wasn't getting off that easily. No way! Reaching around his hips, I grabbed his cock. When I got hold of it, I started to jerk it fierce and furious. The guy didn't get away from me! Not this time!
And all of a sudden, I heard a deep, guttural grunt. But it wasn't Matt! It was Chet! Remember the Dicktator who was steamrolling my snatch? He growled as he reached his point of no return. His thick prick erupted, and he deposited a huge load in my pussy. His creamy cum splashed against the walls of my fuckchannel until every drop had passed from his balls into my young womb. When he was done, I was filled to the rim and satisfied to the core. As if this was my true purpose in life! Jesus! What a thought!
But wait! While my instructor had bust a nut in my twat, his fratpal had changed his position. Taking a step back, he had pulled his prick from my tits and plunged it back into my mouth. Luckily, I had already finished my butt snack. Knowing what was at stake, I had made quick work of it, even though it was gross as fuck. And that filled me with pride. Deal with it!
In case you missed it, everything was getting a free filling today. My cunt was crammed with cum, my soul was filled with pride and my mouth was stuffed with machomeat. But not for long! A moment later, my mean manager reached his orgasm. Keeping the tip of his dick between my lips, he dumped his cum charge into my suckhole, his spurts of spunk hit the roof of my mouth until my tongue was covered in sack sauce. Bet!
And then the Yamos bros pulled their dicks out of their cockholsters, leaving my pussy as the only thing twitching. But wait! Taking the timer off the ground, they realized that it had rung while they were cumming! As a result, it was too late to take any further action. So, they finished the exercise, giving me a slap each, one on the butt and one on the tit. I guess it was their version of a compliment, like a macho commendation! But it didn't please me, it stifled my sexual release. Damnit! Another ruined orgasm! My fitness coach had cum! His assistant coach had cum! Only, I hadn't cum! Total bummer!
And yet, it was still not clear whether I had passed the exercise. For this reason, a result check was in order. And so, each fratster took a bottle. First, Matt held his makeshift dumbbell over my face and shook it. Expecting another gooey glob to drip onto my face, I jerked real wild in anticipation. But nothing spilled out! The bottle was actually empty. Check!
After that, Chet followed suit. Imitating his role model, he shook his bottle over my face, making me flinch again. This time, though, I winced for good reason. Several gross gobs rained down on me, hitting me on my lips. Fucking hell! It couldn't be true! It shouldn't be true! But it was...
... a joke. The fratboys laughed their asses off before my instructor enlightened me. He had used the time when Matt had checked the first dumbbell. While I was distracted, he had spat into the bottle a couple of times. And that was the slimy stuff that ended up on my face. In reality, the second bottle had been empty too. Check!
And so, it was clear that I had won the challenge! I had nailed the decisive exercise and successfully completed the training. What a triumph!
---Dickdrunk doll reconnects with old friends---
I had proven my obedience and demonstrated my loyalty to Vonderstone, but it had come at a price. My hunt for sexual gratification was still going on and had reached desperation level. I was completely lost in my passion, feeling totally dickdumb. Consequently, my mind was too fuzzy to see the consequences of my actions. My brain would overheat thinking about something so complex. Bet!
Speaking of consequences, I had totally forgotten about my appearance! Remember, I looked filthy and fucked up. I couldn't leave the storage room like that, but I only realized it when Chet pointed it out to me. At least, the Dicktator already had a solution, even though it was a me-problem. See, folks? If you're a brave, bubbly bimbo, you'll find men who do the thinking for you. Facts!
But when I found out what the solution was, I didn't feel so happy anymore. Remember my burgundy hipkini jumpsuit? Chet hadn't forgotten it. Instead, he had brought it to the storage room.
"C'mon, chica! Time to clean up!" He told me. "You look like a mess!"
And with that, he tossed the hipkini at me. Until then, I had hoped that I could take most of the gym fits back to the Vonderstore and return them intact. When the jumpsuit landed on my boobs, however, that hope was dashed once and for all. The filthy freshman actually expected me to turn my expensive outfit into a cheap rag! So vicious! But my only option!
And so, I wiped the sticky spunk and slimy slobber off my face, my titties, and my belly. When I was clean, the burgundy jumpsuit was ruined. As a result, I could already deduct the price of two outfits from my salary. But whatever! In the end, that was just a small price to pay for passing the training. Absolutely!
Anyway, the nasty action didn't help me get a clear head. Not at all! When I was done, I was still under the influence of dick. Anything a cock-bearer did or said sounded reasonable whereas everything I did or thought seemed stupid. And that's why I wasn't surprised when Chet informed me that the training was still not over. I actually embraced it because it offered another chance to reach the orgasm I desired!
"Fuck me! One chick's as dumb as the other." Chet noted. "Hoelly Pawg thought the training was over, too. But then I kicked her out of her own garage, naked in her birthday suit! No shit! Hehehe!"
"Wanna know what your booty bae had to do next, bargain barbie?" He asked rhetorically. "She had to walk 'round the neighborhood in her slutty sweatsuit. Hell yeah!"
"But wait for it, chica! The main event was yet to come n it was fuckin' epic!" The buff bozo was exuberant in his joy. "I nailed the hot thot in her mom's bed. Bam! Thank you, ma'am!"
"Now, the question is... how we're gonna implement that in your promo tour, dumb-ass doll?" He asked me with a glint in his eyes.
Oh wow! How nice of my instructor to include me in his brainstorming session. On the one hand, I was flattered that he trusted a bimbo to contribute constructive ideas. On the other hand, it made the whole thing that much more humiliating when I was the one cooking up my own degradation. Be that as it may, he asked me at an inopportune time. In my dickdumb state, I had no creative suggestions to offer. So sorry!
"Um... my parents' place won't work..." I stammered senselessly. "There's no bed in the gym, either."
"Oh, wait! I still need my current fit evaluated! Mosdef!" I suddenly had an inspiration. "I can ask all the members. Whoever gives 10 points gets a gift. I mean, I'll collect their cum as a gift. Of course, duh!"
Jesus Christ! I completely overshot the mark, didn't I? It was obvious that Chet hadn't expected such an over-the-top proposal. But it was too late now! He liked the idea too much to let it go to waste. After all, it was the boneheaded bimbo who had to deal with the consequences. And so, he gave his blessing before I had a chance to back out.
"Hihihi! You know what? My neighbor works out here. Swear to god!" I giggled out of a sudden. "In a way, that makes it a march through the neighborhood after all. So funny, right?"
Holy crap! What a stroke of genius to pass this info on to my instructor... not! Where did that come from? I got myself into hot water without need. I had escaped an encounter with my father's factory pals once before, but only narrowly. I had only gotten away with a scare because Ray had saved me. I couldn't risk another exposure! That was asking for trouble! After all, you don't get lucky twice, do you?
As I said before, though, Dickdumb-me couldn't see those consequences. And so, I found myself on my self-inflicted walk of shame. Fortunately, I was alert enough to steer clear of the cardio area. Unfortunately, it was late in the afternoon by now, so the gym grunters had left. I would have gotten high points from them. Safe!
Instead, a few bodybuilders had arrived, occupying the free weight area. They took the whole training thing real serious, carrying their protein shakes and concentrating on their muscle gain. Accordingly, they weren't in a mood for a disturbance, especially not in the form of a bubbly blondie. And even less for some silly advertising campaign. Consequently, they barely looked at the dumb belle as they were completely focused on their dumbbells. What a severe slight!
Highly frustrated, I left the weight room and started looking for the biker blokes. Not my favorite fitness fellows, but you gotta do what you gotta do, right? Anyway, they weren't in the machine room, either. Instead, I only found a couple of middle-aged men who looked extremely stressed. As if they had just come from work. Accordingly, they were totally engrossed in a discussion about their jobs and didn't let me get a word in edgewise. Damnit! This was getting worse and worse!
As you see, folks, I was running out of options. So, I had to face the music if I liked it or not. The cardio area was the last room left, so I had to go there, even though I didn't want to meet my dad's old cronies under any circumstances. I just hoped that Ray would find another way to protect me. He was becoming something like my knight in shining armor, wasn't he? So, imagine my astonishment when I found the area completely empty. Apparently, the blue-collar boomers had gone home as well. Fucking hell!
Frankly, I didn't know whether to be happy or disappointed about it, but it was probably for the better. Definitely, maybe! Anyway, it left me with only one option, because the few women in the mobility area didn't count. This was a survey for men only. Period!
As a result, I had to try my luck in the locker room. Maybe, I'd find some of the gym grunters there, or at least some new arrivals. And so, I went to the hallway that led to the locker room. Since it was somewhat secluded, the corridor offered the best conditions for my purposes. Although I intended to wait outside, the door opened when I approached.
And my jaw dropped! I stopped in my tracks when I saw two of my father's friends walking out. For heaven's sake! I thought they had left already! One person can't have that much bad luck, can they? Apparently, I can! At least, they were deep in a conversation, so they hadn't seen me yet. Although I was shocked to the bone, I didn't freeze. Instead, I basically jumped into the women's locker room. Slamming the door behind me, I breathed a huge sigh of relief. That had been close!
Nuff said! This is my current status, folks! I'm waiting in the locker room, biting my time until my father's factory fellas leave the Gonzo Gym for good. At least, I can be productive and use the time to dictate an update into my app to bring you the hottest news in fitness fashion. Keep your fingers crossed that your friendly fitness bunny will soon be able to leave undetected.