The sand seemed to throb in the light of the morning sun as I sat at the bar by the beach. I was hunkered down in the shelter of my bloody mary as my brain was buffeted by a distressing blend of anxiety and anticipation. Ordinarily I'd have been thrilled when my wife Beth told me the resort allowed topless sunbathing, but she also told me she and our daughter Riley were both planning to give it a try. I was having some mixed feelings about that.
I tried saying no; they successfully said why not. I ranted and seethed a bit, but, as Beth pointed out, Riley was eighteen now and legally old enough to decide who got to see her tits. I didn't want to start our first morning of vacation with a big argument that I had already lost, so I announced I needed a drink and left for the bar.
It wasn't long before they arrived on the promenade with their towels and tote-bags, wearing sandals, floppy hats and a pair of tiny matching bikinis Beth had bought special for the trip. It was my first time seeing the girls in those bikinis. My wife looked like a wet dream; my daughter looked like a heart attack.
I didn't fault Beth for wanting to show off today. Her lifelong dedication to yoga and bland, unappetizing meals had kept her curvaceous body lean and tightly muscled through the years. Naturally, I appreciated the results, but I also got a thrill seeing other guys react lustfully to Beth's big tits, flat abs and tight, round ass. Back in our younger days, when we used to swing occasionally, I always got a special thrill watching other men get horny for my wife. It felt like I was reexperiencing my desire for her anew through another man's eyes. However, in the last few years Riley had rapidly grown from an awkward kid into a more coltish copy of her voluptuous mother and suddenly I was seeing dudes checking out my daughter as they had always done with my wife. Watching the hard, predatory stares of the staff and guests of the resort as they ogled every curve and crease of Riley's young body really opened my eyes to the intensely desirable woman she was becoming.
It was with that perspective that I watched as she paused at the edge of the promenade while her mother started off across the beach towards a couple of unoccupied lounge chairs. Without hesitation, she plucked open the knots holding her bikini top in place, whipped it off and stuffed it into her tote-bag. "Sweet Jesus," said the bartender as he adjusted his glasses to watch Riley trot off across the hot sand, her big, shapely breasts bouncing and swaying beautifully all the way.
As I sat unsuccessfully trying not to think about my child's sexy tits while staring at the wood grain in the mahogany bar, a short, squared-jawed man with a cop-style mustache and a muscular physique sat on the stool next to me. The dense odor of his cologne overpowered the taste of my drink. I shot him a dirty look that he didn't notice because he was focused on looking out across the beach. After a bit he rapped the bar with his knuckles and smiled at me with big, distractingly white teeth.
"Hey bro, you should check this out," he said.
I raised my head to look towards Beth and Riley. Beth's tits were out now too. They were both wearing nothing but their tiny bikini bottoms and a burgeoning layer of sweat that highlighted the taut curves of their bodies as it glistened on their pale flesh in the tropical sun. They sat one behind the other as they helped each other apply a healthy layer of SPF-Whatever to the difficult-to-access regions of their pale skin. After Beth patted Riley's back to indicate she was done, Riley stood to let her mother apply the sunscreen to the backs of her thighs and along the lower regions of her ass. She took the bottle from Beth and blasted a heavy dollop of the white cream across her chest which she began to rub into her flesh with a thorough circular motion around her breasts, across her nipples and down along her abdomen to the top of the triangle of scarlet fabric that barely covered her pussy. Her face was serene as she surveyed the surrounding crowd through her mirror-lensed sunglasses.
"Yeah," I said without enthusiasm. "Awesome."
"No fucking kidding," he said with vigor. He leaned closer: "I tell you what, I'm down here on business, but my new number one priority this week is to fuck that cute slut."
"What make you think she's a slut?" I asked.
"Come on man, she's showing her tits to everyone!"
"It's a topless beach," I said. "That doesn't mean she's a slut."
"That hot little cunt ain't no virgin, I'd bet money on that."
I sighed inwardly because he was right. A while back, Riley had confided to Beth that she and her boyfriend at the time had started having sex. When Beth told me, I'd had a minor freak-out which prompted Beth to give me quite an earful about my patriarchal attitude towards female sexuality. Suffice it to say, after that I ceded any active responsibility for my little girl's developing sexuality. Which was fine with me. Thinking about that topic invariably aroused vivid mental images of my little girl with her pretty face distorted in erotic release as her writhing body was repeatedly penetrated by some young creep's dick. If Beth wanted to worry about that shit, she was welcome to it.
"By the way, I'm Vince," said the man next to me.
"Paul," I answered without looking at him.
"Hey, we should partner up. I'll go for the younger one and you get the mature slut she's with. They're both pretty hot. Honestly, I'd do either, but I already called dibs on the kid."
"So, you're here on business?" I said. I didn't actually give a shit about whatever this asshole considered his "business", but I certainly didn't want to hear any more of his bullshit regarding my wife and daughter.
"Sure am," he said as he handed me a card.
"What's this?" I asked as I took it. It was glossy and bright white with: "Sindy Streets' DEEP PINK" printed on it in raised magenta lettering. There was a local address at the bottom corner but no other information.
"It's a club."
"Your club?"
He shook his head. "Remember Sindy Streets, the porn actress? It's her club. I'm just an investor."
"A sex club run by a porn star in a resort town?" I asked wryly. Yeah, that made sense with this asshole.
"Yeah. That's right. The twist is, it's actually for women.... It's, like, a place where it's safe for horny bitches to get anonymously slutty while they're far from home."
"Ah! Afeministsex club," I said. "Very nice."
More and more I was wishing Beth and I were down her alone. A feminist sex club sounded like it was something Beth would love.
Vince got close and spoke intensely. "If you think you might want to check it out, you should come tonight."
"Why tonight?"
"No offense, bro, but they're very selective about which guys they let in. This is a woman's club, right? I mean, you ain't bad looking. You still got your hair, you're tall and in real good shape, but you're a little old."
"I'm only forty-two, dude."
"Yeah... but, I'm just saying, I doubt you're getting waved in on a normal night. Unless you got a woman to bring you. They'll let you in if you come with a woman, no problem. But, without a woman, tonight's your best bet."
"So, what's so special about tonight then?"
"They need extra dudes because of the blow-job contests. That churns through a lot of cock, let me tell you."
"I don't..."
"How about we go over to those hotties and invite them right now? You can be my wingman. I bet they'd be into it."
"Look, buddy. I'm here with my wife and kid. I'm not going to any sex clubs."
"Oh. No offense bro. I didn't know. But maybe just ask your wife if she'd be into it. Women will surprise you sometimes when they're far from home and they have a chance to get wild."
"I'll keep it in mind," I said, and I handed him back his card. He shrugged, said he'd see me around and walked back into the hotel.
I signaled the bartender for another drink.
*****
At dinner, Beth and Riley were in high spirits after spending all day sunbathing, swimming and showing off their womanly attributes. They both glowed with the pink heat of near-sunburn and their hair glittered with new natural highlights. Thankfully, they were both dressed for the restaurant, so it was nice to sit with my family without having to avoid looking at my daughter's boobs.
I had just woken up from the nap I'd taken after a few hours of day drinking, and I was feeling sour. "I had an interesting conversation this morning," I said. "Some guy at the bar told me he was making it his goal this week to have sex with our daughter."
"Was he hot?" asked Riley.
"What!?"
"I only asked if he was hot."
"He called you a slut. He called both of you sluts."
"Well, our titswereout," said Beth. "What did you say to him?"
"I changed the topic."
"Why? Were you too embarrassed to admit the two topless women on the beach were your wife and daughter?"
"I... uh..."
"I guess it was easier to just let him verbally slander us while making plans to screw your teenage daughter, huh?"
"..."
"Just out of curiosity,washe hot?" asked Riley. Her big, brown eyes were playfully onery.
"I don't know what you think is hot!"
"Riley don't ask your father to rate guys for you. You know how dedicated he is to his heterosexuality."
"You two are driving me fricking crazy."
"No, we're not honey.Youare. You need to trust that our daughter is smart enough to not do anything dangerously stupid."
I looked at Riley. "Can you promise us you won't do anything stupid?"
"Actually, mom said 'dangerously' stupid. I might be up for something alittlestupid."
"Riley, please don't antagonize your dad."
Riley was laughing. "OK, OK. I'll be a good girl," she said.
"Thank you."
Now that they were done teasing me, they both gave me the exact same amused smile. Once again, I was amazed at how completely Riley resembled her mother. Their big, brown eyes, expressive faces and silky, sable-brown hair were exact matches, except that Beth kept her hair cut above her shoulders while Riley's cascaded down to the small of her back. Riley looked so much like Beth had in college that I occasionally worried she might one day develop a libido equally as ravenous.
"So, what are you two party animals doing tonight?" asked Riley as she wiggled her eyebrows at us.
"That depends on your father. If I can get him de-grumped, I might see if I can drag him out to a show or something."
"You have plans?" I asked Riley.
"I'm going dancing. No big deal."
"Maybe we can go too," I suggested.
"I'm not going dancing with my parents!"
"Let your daughter be young, Paul. We can do something else."
"Thanks mom," said Riley with a big smile. "I'm full. Mind if I go get ready."
"Sure. Have fun sweetie."
"And be careful," I said to her back as she departed.
"Aw, poor honey-bunny," said Beth to me. "Having a hot daughter is driving him crazy."
"It doesn't help that you seem to be trying to get her laid."
"Oh, don't be a dum-dum. She doesn't need my help for that. Personally, I'm glad we're rid of Riley for the rest of the evening because I've got something that will make you feel better, something special for just you and me."
In her hand she was holding a card that read: "Sindy Streets' DEEP PINK."
******
My mood had much improved when the taxi pulled up to the hotel portico and Beth showed the old Caribbean driver the card for Deep Pink. He looked Beth up and down, appreciating her tight black mini dress and lingering too long on her barely contained cleavage. He gave her a sleazy grin and winked.
"Deep Pink, eh? Beautiful lady's gonna have a gooood time tonight. Heh, heh, heh..."
'You know it!" she said and patted him on the cheek.
We were both in high spirits as we anticipated our first visit to a sex club in many years. We had kept an open relationship in college and had experimented with swinging a bit when we were newly married, but that kind of thing just got more and more inconvenient as our adult responsibilities piled up. The idea of once again stepping into a maelstrom of casual, anonymous sex was making my palms sweaty and my cock hard. I looked Beth in the eye as the Taxi drove through the town's narrow streets and I saw a deep sexual hunger roiling within her.
The taxi dropped us off at a squat grey building on the edge of town. It was completely unremarkable but for the crowd of a few dozen men milling around outside. A very large Caribbean man in a tight black tee-shirt and black cargo pants was working the door. He looked up at Beth and smiled big and friendly. "Hey hot mama, ladies enter at the other door." He pointed to another door with no queue.
"What about my husband?"
He looked me over. "Sure, he can go in with you, if you want him. But we got better options inside. Ha-ha-ha!"
We entered and paid. Ladies got in free. The cover was steep for me, but not too bad since I was accompanying my wife. According to the sign, the cost was insanely high for unaccompanied men. When I commented on this, the matronly woman working the box office just shrugged. "Supply and demand, darling."
Next was a waiting room. After a cute black woman in a tight pink dress took our temperatures, drew our blood and took swabs of our throats, we were given wristbands and told to wait until the number on our wristbands were called. As we waited, I saw another couple, a hot couple in their late twenties/early thirties, get turned away because of unsatisfactory test results. As they left looking embarrassed, Beth and I exchanged an approving nod. It was nice to see that this place enforced its standards.
Finally, our numbers came up. We were brought into a small room by a "consultant." She was blonde, about thirtyish, wore a tight pink mini-dress and spoke with a bubbly Australian accent. She introduced herself as Suzi and began going over the rules of the club with us. There were a lot of rules.
As Suzi spoke, we heard the thump-thump-thump of the bass track from the club's main room change to the sound of someone speaking over a microphone and the responding crowd noise. I could hear cheering, laughter and applause rising and falling along to whatever was going on back in the depths of the club.
"What's going on out there?" I asked.
"We're having our blow-job contests tonight," answered Suzi.
Beth's eyes got wide. "Blow-job contests?"
"Oh yes. They're quite popular. Are you interested?"
Beth looked at me with her big brown eyes in full begging-puppy mode. "I think I am," she said. "But my husband gets final say...."
"Well, you need to decide right now. One of our shareholders just brought in a girl he was super eager to see compete, so we slotted in an extra round. But we still need an opponent for her."
"What would Beth win?" I asked.
"Other than getting to suck a lot of cocks, not much, to be honest: a plastic tiara, coupon book, some drink vouchers. You also get to decide the punishment for your losing opponent. That's always fun."
"Punishment?"
"Notactualpunishment.Sexypunishment. You can have her chained up where everyone can grope her and whatnot, or you can have her eat you out, or fuck you with a strap-on, or you can fuck her with a strap-on if you really want. But the usual punishment is to have all men who didn't get to come during the contest gangbang the loser: like, ninety percent of the time. So don't compete if you don't want to risk a gangbang."
"I'm willing to risk a gangbang," said Beth as she looked at me.
"OK," I said as my heart fluttered in my chest and my cock grew firmer in my trousers. "Let's sign my wife up for the blowjob contest."
*****
Suzi led us to a unisex locker room where Beth removed her dress to reveal the classic black-satin bustier, garters and stockings combo she was wearing underneath. The lace cups of the bustier clearly displayed her rosy nipples and barely contained the quivering flesh of her breasts. She wore no panties, so her smooth ass and bare pussy were completely exposed and fully accessible. Since I had bought no accoutrements, I was given a threadbare terrycloth robe that was so short the head of my cock hung beneath the hem. I suppose that should have made me feel proud, but mostly I just felt silly.
After we surrendered our phones, Suzi led us through a pink padded door into a crowded ballroom decorated in glass, plastic and chrome and lit here and there with intensely pink neon lights. On the stage, a woman with curly blonde hair and shapely little tits was on her knees as two red-faced men stood flanking her, stroking their cocks with their florid heads aimed point-blank at her upturned face. As we watched, one of them came and his thick load splashed across her nose and forehead to hang entangled in her hair in thick, pearly blobs.
Suzi turned to us. "See there? She lost the previous contest. Looks like her punishment is bukkake. That's another popular one."
"Wow," said Beth as she unconsciously licked her lips.
"Your round of the contest starts in about twenty minutes; more than enough time to have a little fun first. We'll call the number on your wrist band when it's time to get ready."
Suzi turned to me. "I have one piece of advice for you. Many men come here with their wives or lovers, they get excited, then shoot their load almost immediately. And then they're miserable because suddenly everyone's horny except them. So, hold your shot as long as you can. As. Long. As. You. Can." With that she wished us a fun night and left us.
Beth took my hand, and we walked a circuit around the ballroom, taking in the action and checking out the people. Women prowled the floor in fishnet catsuits, lace chemises, sheer teddys and various other lingerie ensembles as men hovered by, hanging out while waiting for a signal that a woman desired their attention. Some of the bolder ladies were nude or nearly so, wearing nothing but stockings or just a bra. We stopped to watch one blonde woman, who was wearing only long black velvet gloves and four-inch heels, strut up to a divan, pick up a dry erase board and write "2 V O" on it. Several men stepped forward, of whom she selected two who joined her on the cushions. The rest stepped back to watch or faded away to search for other prospects as the two lucky ones began to kiss and lick along her neck and chest. She squirmed out of their dual embrace to position herself on her hands and knees with her thighs apart and her chin up. Her two partners quickly moved around to slide their hard cocks into her mouth and pussy as they began to pump her in a steady, synchronous rhythm.
"Ooo, I like this place," said Beth.
"I bet you do," I said. "How are you feeling?"
"Sooo fucking horny, Paul. I'm ready to get started... if you're cool with that..."
"Oh, I'm cool with it," I said. "Anyone you have in mind?"
"I'm surprised you didn't notice him," she said as she led me across the ballroom. Sitting in an easy chair was a hirsute, barrel-chested young man holding a dry erase board on which was written: "I will eat your ass."
Beth looked at me enthusiastically and arched an eyebrow. She loved anilingus, which was something for which I've never been particularly enthusiastic. That this kid was so eager for it was a blessing for both of us. The delight on Beth's face was infectious as she asked for permission to give herself over to this ass-loving weirdo.
"Have fun," I said.
After kissing me deeply and appreciatively, she approached Ass-Eater with a big, friendly smile on her face and he stood nervously to greet her. After a brief exchange, he motioned to one of the long, unoccupied couches at the edge of the dance floor. She took his hand and led him there where she bent over the arm of the couch with her lovely round ass in the air and her thighs apart. My heart hammered in my chest and my cock began to twitch as I watched her put her ass and pussy on display.
Ass-Eater got to his knees and began with a few nibbling kisses across her cheeks before he got in close and began to run his tongue up and down the cleft of her butt, sending jolts of pleasure up her spine and causing her legs to quiver. As he began to push his tongue against her sphincter, he reached up between her legs, brushing her clit with his fingertips and slipping his fingers through the dampening folds of her pussy as he began to circle the rim of her vagina with the tip of his thumb.
"Oh GOD yes," cried Beth as her fingertips dug into the fabric of the couch. "Oh, fuck yes..."
A small crowd gathered around the couch as people drifted over from the dance floor to watch Beth thrash in ecstasy. Her tits had already escaped her bustier and they bounced luridly as she writhed and trembled to the intense sensation of his fingers and tongue on her ass and pussy. At last, he slid his thumb fully inside her as he strummed his fingertips across her clit and thrust his tongue deep into her dark pucker.
"Oh, oh, ooooh... y... y-yes, I'm g-gonna... gonna cu.... cu... YES! yes yes yes yes, OOOOOhhhhh, fuck!" she cried as she pushed her ass back into his face. The silky slime from her vulva soaked into his beard, flowed down his forearm and speckled the upholstery on the arm of the couch. His face was dripping with my wife's juice as he stood and began to line up his erection with her sphincter.
"Yes. Oh yes. Fuck my ass... please...," said Beth.
With steady pressure he began to push against Beth's back door. Her face contorted in a mixture of discomfort and pleasure as the hard helmet of his manhood slowly forced her open. The tight muscles along her flanks writhed like angry snakes beneath her sweat-glossed skin as the rigid pink knob of his glans finally disappeared into her spit-slickened sphincter. As he paused to give Beth's tight ass time to relax and accommodate his intrusion, she moaned and started to move her ass in slow circles, working herself open as she waited impatiently for him to continue his penetration. Around them, a circle of spectators, mostly men, crowded around close, watching with hot eyes as they stroked themselves and wondered if they could get a turn with my wife.
As the action slowly progressed on the couch, I faded back into the crowd towards the bar to watch people watch Beth because, as a lifelong show-off, I knew she'd want to know how many people were watching and what they were saying. But, as I backed up to the edge of the dance floor, I bumped into a man carrying a couple of fruity drinks.
"Oh, sorry," I said reflexively.
"Watch it bro... HEY! Paul! You made it after all." said Vince.
"Oh, hi Vince," I said, pleased to see him now that he was nowhere near my daughter. "Thought I'd check out your...."
"BRO!" he said. "She'shere!"
Assuming he meant Beth I said, "Yeah, I was just watching her get her ass eaten."
"What? No. I mean the young slut from the beach. She's fuckin'HEREdude."
"No," I said as I felt my skin start to prickle with panic sweat. "No, she's not. She was going dancing."
"Yeah. Dancing. Right there." Vince nodded towards the dance floor, and I saw her.
Yes. My daughter was there. She was dressed in a cliche 'slutty schoolgirl' ensemble with a too-small white blouse tied into a halter top, an extremely short red and blue plaid skirt, knee-high white socks and shiny black patent leather pumps. I felt my stomach lurch and my heart hammer in my chest as I watched her smile at the guys dancing around her. They were all trying to get her attention by dancing close and showing off as their eyes roved up and down over her young, curvy body with unabashed desire.
"Why the hell is she dressed like that?" I asked.
"My idea. Pretty hot, right?"
I was transfixed as I watched her play that crowd of horny bastards like a conductor controlling an orchestra. As she danced, she lit up the crowd with her pretty smile, playfully teasing them with her big brown eyes and tempting them into deeper levels sexual frustration with flashes of ass and pussy as she twirled here and there in her tiny skirt under which she wore no panties. Her breasts swayed unrestrained in her blouse, always seeming like they were about to pop free as she gyrated and bounced around the dance floor.
One of the biggest guys in the crowd, a tall, muscular black guy in loose track shorts with a thick cluster of gold chains around his neck danced up behind her and cupped his hands around her breasts as he ground his cock into the small of her back. She smiled up at him as she pushed her body back against the firmness in his shorts. In a deft motion he untied her halter top and let her tits spill out.
My mouth went dry. My cock twitched distressingly. My instinct was to charge forward and stop this public sexual degradation of my daughter...somehow. But when I saw Riley's big smile and heard her adorable giggles as her breasts bounced free and the surrounding crowd of hopeful, horny admirers cheered lustily, I hesitated. That gave Vince enough time to seize the initiative.
"HEY, Asshole!" shouted Vince as he charged over toward Riley, sloshing fruity cocktails all the way. "Get the fuck away from her!I'mthe one that brought her!"
"Easy man," said Gold Chains in a Caribbean accent. He flashed a friendly smile as he stepped away from Riley. "Nobody owns nobody around here."
"Fuck you man," said Vince as he splashed both cocktails onto the big guy's face and chest.
Gold Chains could easily have squashed Vince. He was about a foot taller and heavily muscled. But he only put up his hands in a gesture of non-confrontation as two security guys in tight black tee shirts and black cargo pants descended on Vince and hauled him away. He smiled as he watched Vince get pulled off the ballroom floor in a paroxysm of vicious swearing.
"LET GO OF ME! I'M AN INVESTOR! I'M A GODDAMN INVESTOR!"
I looked over at Beth to see if the hubbub had caught her attention, but she was face down and moaning into the cushions as Ass-Eater held her by the waist and reamed her with a steady, sinuous cadence. With her still occupied, I cut through clusters of partiers to stay out of Riley's sightline while I moved closer; a taboo curiosity drawing me forward heedless of risk. Fortunately, Riley was entirely focused on the Gold Chains guy, so I was able to get close enough to hear her speak as she got next to him.
"I'm not really with that guy. I'm sorry he got daiquiri all over you," she said.
"I, uh... oh!" he said as she began to lick the icy pink liquid from his chest. His hands found her breasts and he twisted and pinched her nipples as she reached into his shorts and pulled his penis free. As she slowly stroked his fully erect cock, she licked down along the trails of strawberry daiquiri that streaked his torso. Her little pink tongue roved across his chest, around his dark nipples and down over the ridges of his muscular abs until she was on her knees in front of him.
I was drawn ever closer by some kind of horny gravity. I was nearly right on top of them as my daughter slipped the fat head of his obsidian-black cock past her pink lips and began to bob her face along his shaft. Enraptured by her task, she took no notice of me, even though her partner did. He gave me a weird look as I stood there motionless on the dance floor with my erection bobbing luridly in front of me as I watched him get blown. Realizing how creepy I must look, I faded back into the crowd to check on Beth again.
She and Ass-Eater were grunting in unison and glistening with sweat as he rapidly pumped his cock in her ass while she pushed back vigorously against his thrusts. Their wet slaps filled the air. His skin florid and his body trembling, he suddenly stopped and closed his eyes tightly as he fought back his imminent climax with palpable difficulty. At last, he pulled his still-hard cock from Beth's gaping anus and moved around to the center cushion to kneel in front of her. With a hand beneath her chin, he guided her face up towards his cock. Her eyes popped wide in surprise as she looked at his shaft bobbing luridly in front of her, then up at Ass-Eater who I clearly saw mouth "please". Without further hesitation she engulfed his slimy shaft, swallowing the whole of his member as she began to slide her face along its entire length.
"Come on girlie," I heard Gold Chains say close behind me. "I wanna get inside that tight little cunt of yours."
Riley giggled as he carried her through the crowd straight towards me. With a jolt of panic, I realized they were headed to the couch where Beth was currently fellating Ass-Eater. I dodged out of their path while staying close, concealed among the sizeable cluster of people who'd gathered around to enjoy Beth's enthusiasm for ass-play.
As Gold Chains and Riley arrived at the unoccupied end of the couch, I watched with dread, ready to react when Beth and Riley inevitably spotted each other, but completely clueless about what I could do about it.
Beth was mere feet away when Gold Chains set Riley back on her feet to give her a long soul kiss while stripping off her blouse and skirt. But she saw nothing. Beth was busy taking Ass-Eater's cock down her throat as an attractive Asian woman with a massive Lucite dildo strapped to her pelvis stepped behind her and thrust it into her pussy. She moaned deep in her chest and took her mouth off Ass-Eater's dick long enough to shout "YES!" as the Asian woman started fucking her slowly with the obscenely large toy.
Riley saw nothing either. The wide back of Ass-Eater blocked her view as Gold Chains bent her over the arm of the couch and brought his cock to the lust-inflamed curtains of her sex. I could see syrupy strands of juice drip from her quivering labia as he eased his thick meat into her tight pussy. She moaned in lustful appreciation and shuddered vividly as he stretched the taut and tender flesh of her young womanhood with his impressive girth.
Ever since I'd watched Riley expose herself to a crowd of horny strangers on the beach that morning, an atavistic instinct to protect my child had been growling at me from the depths of my psyche. However, as I watched her body shake with the force of Gold Chain's deep penetration and her soft, pretty tits bounce and sway freely as they glistened with increasing amounts of sweat, I felt a far darker urge well up from the depths of my wicked soul. With horny, animalistic eyes I now watched eagerly as my daughter's nude body was roughly and repeatedly impaled on that shaft of hard meat while her breath came fast in hot warbling whimpers as he repeatedly slammed into the back wall of her tight fuck hole with the stiff head of his long cock. I realized my ever-increasing horniness had at last overridden my parental intuitions and I was genuinely enraptured watching my daughter get used like a slut. Maybe that means I'm a bad father or weak man, but the shuddering sighs and deep moans coming from my wife and daughter as they were simultaneously fucked on that couch in front dozens of eagerly watching strangers let me know the girls were enjoying themselves just fine. I might as well enjoy it too.
As I pushed through the crowd for a better view, Riley's companion was picking up the pace of his deep thrusts into her squirming body. The wet slaps of his pelvis against her upturned ass pushed her forward on each thrust until her face was pressed against Ass-Eater's backside. Looking back over his shoulder and seeing her there, he quickly pulled his cock from Beth's mouth to pivot around to bring it to Riley's. On opposing sides of Ass-Eater's wide, bear-like frame, Beth and Riley still didn't spot each other.
Riley opened her mouth to let his cock slide back along her tongue. She let Gold Chains' thrusts drive the action as she was spit-roasted by two strangers. Simultaneously, Beth began licking along Ass-Eater's crack as the Asian woman fucked her slowly with her strap on. Ass-Eater grew sweatier and his face more florid with each touch of their tongues on his ass and cock until, with a sharp intake of breath and a full-bodied shudder, he came. An ill-timed thrust from Gold Chains caused Ass-Eater's cock to pop free of Riley's lips as he began to ejaculate, sending a heavy load of semen spraying all over her face. She pulled his cock back into her mouth to swallow the last few dribbles of cum and smiled up at him with a face splattered with his pale, pearlescent slime.
"Thanks girls... both of you," he said as he rose from the center cushion.
"Who's the other..." began Riley until she was suddenly confronted by a head-on view of her mother who was bent over and facing her, her tits swaying in time to the penetrations of a long dildo driven by a svelte Asian woman. Beth looked back at her, her face blank with surprise at finding her cum blasted daughter on the same piece of furniture, getting roughly fucked from behind by a tall black man.
"...Riley!?"
"M-Mom!?"
There was a gasp that passed through the crowd and then a prolonged hubbub as people asked each other: "did she really say...?" Gold Chain's eyes flashed wide in surprise and his body began to tremble from head to toe. As I watched, he pulled Riley tightly against his pelvis, his ass clenching and unclenching, clenching and unclenching as his long cock pumped his sperm into my teenage daughter's womb. The Asian woman fucking Beth with the strap-on paused and let the Lucite dildo drop from Beth's pussy as she took a step back in disbelief. Left draped along the length of the sweat and semen-soaked couch, Beth and Riley looked at each other in shock as their partners backed away and disappeared into the surrounding crowd.
"Please don't think I'm a slut," cried Riley.
"Don't worry about that, sweetie. We love you."
As I finally got through the crowd stood beside the couch. Riley and Beth looked up at me. Their eyes involuntarily zeroed in on my erection.
"Looks like you enjoyed the show," said Beth with a wry smile.
"I always enjoyed a double feature."
Riley's eyes darted between us in wonder and confusion. She finally opened her mouth to speak, only to be cut off when a burst of feedback suddenly burped from the club's P.A. followed by an announcement.
"The next contest is about to begin. 201 and 470 please come to the stage."
I looked down at the bracelet around Beth's wrist and saw that it said 201. Then I looked at Riley's. It said 470.
*****
"You're not going to make trouble, are you?" asked Sindy Streets as I stood in her office.
Sindy paced behind her desk. She was a short, thin woman with exquisitely toned muscles and two full sleave tattoos of explicitly pornographic skin art covering her arms. She was wearing thigh-high boots, hot pants and a strapless bra, all in pink vinyl that matched her club's color scheme. Her face looked heavily botoxed and otherwise worked on so, if it wasn't for her distinctive powder-blue eyes and auburn hair, I wouldn't have recognized her despite all the times I'd jerked off to her image.
"If I was going to, I would have already," I said.
"I'd like to believe that, but I think it'd be safest if I just fuck you." As she said this, she pushed her pink hot pants down her legs, exposing her hairless vulva and tight, flat ass. She kicked the shorts to the side and reached behind her to unclasp her bra.
"What?!"
"You need to take the edge off. I'm not sure what kind of psycho you might turn into when you see your wife and daughter sucking off a crowd of guys," she said as she tossed her vinyl bra over the back of a chair and stood before me naked but for her boots.
"Sorry, but... but No."
"What do you fucking mean;NO?"
"I would love to later, but I need to stay horny now. That's the only way I'm going to get through this. Once I'm thinking clearly, I'm going to have a real problem."
"Hmmm. I guess.... But you owe me a fuck. Nobody turns me down."
"OK," I said. "Thanks."
She stood motionless for a long while, her eyes looking at nothing as she was lost in thought. Finally, she looked up at me and smiled a wicked grin. "I suppose we can make this work," she said as came around the desk and took my cock in hand. It was still hard, of course. "I bet your girls are ready for the show by now. Come with me."
She led me by my cock down a short hallway. She whispered something to the two security guys standing there and they followed us out onto the stage. People shouted and cheered as she brought me to the microphone. I looked around for Beth and Riley but didn't see them.
Sindy spoke into the mic. "I suspect the word is out that we are going to have a very special, mommy-daughter blowjob contest tonight." The crowd went wild, but Sindy quickly settled them down. "I know, I know. Pretty epic. But first, I want you to meet the husband and father of the two sluts you're about to see sucking all that cock. Don't you perverts think we all owe this man a big thank you for bringing his wife and eighteen-year-old daughter to a blow-job contest? Let's hear it for Paul!"
The crowd cheered. I tried to take the mic to explain I hadn't actuallybroughtRiley here, but one of the security guards slapped my hand away.
Sindy spoke into the mic again. "But I must admit... I'm a little worried about him. You think he'll be OK watching his little girl suck a stranger's cock? How do you think he'll react when he sees sperm dripping from his daughter's chin and pretty teenage titties?"
I gave Sindy a hard look, wishing she would just shut up and get this thing started. Meanwhile the crowd was hooting and hollering, catcalling at me to get my slut daughter out here already. I glowered at them as well.
"See," she said. "Look at those eyes. He's half crazed! We'd better lock him up," she said as she snapped her fingers. Instantly the two security guys grabbed my arms and pulled me to the back of the stage. Before I knew it, they had closed the manacles mounted to the back wall around my wrists. One of them pushed a ball gag in my mouth and clasped it to my head. I pulled at the cuffs a few times, but they were solidly attached to the concrete wall. The situation was inherently humiliating, but I tried to adopt the most dignified stance I could manage as I stood there naked with my arms stretched out to the sides. I must have looked like a horny Jesus at a cathedral of priapism.
"Great! Now let get those cum-hungry sluts out here!" said Sindy.
Beth and Riley walked out onto the stage nude but for their stockings and shoes. They were holding hands and looking nervous. They briefly looked my way and frowned when they saw me gagged and chained to the wall. As they got into position on either side of Sindy, they gave each other a sly look that made me wonder if they had something planned.
"Are you ladies excited to suck a bunch of cock?" asked Sindy.
"Yes," they both answered.
"Who do you think is gonna win?"
Shrugs.
"You two ever seen each other suck cocks before tonight?"
"No."
"So, kid, are you really in high school?"
Riley nodded.
"You suck a lot of cocks in high school?"
"Notinschool, no."
Sindy looked annoyed. "Obviously, you sluts aren't much for chit chat. Well, fuck it. Let's just get this thing started!" she said, and the room erupted in cheers and applause. "But first, let me tell everyone the rules before we start, because that's what we always do."
She spoke quickly as if she had given the speech many times. "The rules of the contest are as follows. Two girls each have ten men to suck off in fifteen minutes. First to suck off ten guys wins. Failing that, whoever has sucked off the most guys after fifteen minutes wins. In addition to an assortment of fabulous prizes, the winner gets to decide the loser's penalty. All disputes are settled by me, and my word is final. Now, let's bring up some delicious cocks for our hungry sluts!"
The security guys helped Beth and Riley to their knees on big pillows on either side of the stage as four men, two each from Beth and Riley's pools of ten, were brought up. Men each took positions on either side of Riley and two did the same for Beth. I could see the feelings of excitement and trepidation playing out across Riley's face as her eyes rolled this way and that between the faces of the men towering over her and their stiff cocks bobbing expectantly before her. Beth smiled happily up at each of her partners as she repeatedly opened and closed her mouth to loosen up her jaw.
"OK guys, remember to keep your hands behind your backs. Let the girls do the work. Girls? Get ready. Clock starts in three, two, one...
Sindy rang the bell. But instead of breaking into a burst of furious cock sucking, Riley only looked left and right - at one cock then the other - before she took them both in hand and brought their heads to her lips. She engulfed them both, stuffing them into her mouth and running her tongue around and between their glans before releasing them to smile charmingly up at her companions and then at the crowd.
"I always wanted to do that," she said with a laugh.
"You're wasting time kid," said Sindy over the P.A.
Turning to her right, Riley opened her mouth and partially wrapped her lips around one of their heads. Her tongue quested out in long sensuous licks that intricately explored the rim of his glans and the bulging veins of his shaft. Moving back along his length, she slowly glazed every inch with thick, dripping layers of saliva. When she reached his balls she bathed them thoroughly, lapping around and under his tight sack while his pre-cum dripped in ever-increasing flows that speckled her face. Returning to his head, she wrapped her lips fully around it and slid his trembling erection back along her tongue, deep into her mouth. As she pulled it out again, thick strands of spit and pre-cum stretched from her lips back to his shaft. He was moaning and sweating, his body tense as he approached the precipice of climax, but Riley paused to look into his eyes again. With a smile she turned to the other man and began to tongue his head for a while.
She edged them mercilessly as she swapped back and forth. Intricate filigrees of pre-cum soon stretched like a glistening cat's cradle between her lips and the two erections hovering before her. Seemingly entranced in a haze of pheromones, Riley began running the slime-oozing shafts all over her face with her eyes closed in rapturous delight.
Beth was similarly relaxed in her approach. She began to bathe the scrotum to her right with her tongue as she playfully slapped herself in the face with the two firm shafts of man-meat dangling before her. Then, positioning the two erections head-to-head in a line, she began sloppily running her tongue from base to base along the entirety of their combined length, smirking at the uneasiness of her companions as she bounced their glans together.
"Ladies," said Sindy over the P.A. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?"
Riley opened her big brown eyes and looked up at the men looming over her with a coquettish expression of impish lust. As he met her eye, one of them gasped "Aah... merde!" and erupted thick jets of pearly slime across her upturned face. Riley moaned in delight as she felt the sticky stream course across her skin and splash into her hair. As sperm dripped from her nose and jawline, another man stepped up to take his place at her side. Riley turned to her other companion and slid his cock deep into her mouth as she reached up to grasp the newly offered shaft. "Oh Ohhhhh!" said the man as his ass clenched and he filled my daughter's mouth with his thick load. Riley opened her lips to let his sperm drip down her chin and splash against her lovely tits, coating them in a slimy glaze.
The score board changed. Two to zero, Riley's favor.
Beth quickly changed the pace of her attention and began a deliberate and focused attack on the cock to her left. She slid it well back into her throat a few times before backing off and concentrating on the sensitive nerve bundle just under the head with a rapid and intricate dance of her tongue. Within seconds he bent forward like a scalded shrimp as he gasped for breath and pumped her mouth full of his seed. Beth followed Riley's example and let the semen cascade from her full lips, over the cataract of her chin onto her heaving bosoms to flow in complicated streambeds down her torso or hang in long strands from her erect nipples. Then she turned to the man to her right and did the exact same move with the exact same effect.
Score board: two to two.
"God damn it girls," said Sindy over the P.A. "Don't piss me off with this bullshit."
And so it went. Manacled to the back wall, I watched as my beautiful wife and daughter gave a series of slow, deliberate and playful blowjobs to a succession of nameless men. When one of them would push a partner too far, the other would quickly refocus their effort to even up the score with a mouthful of cum. When the final bell rang after fifteen delirious minutes, the scoreboard read five to five.
Beth and Riley, their lips ringed with a chalky rime of spent semen and their heaving tits hung with congealed strands of pearly spunk, exchanged a glance. In their eyes, I could see an unmistakable spark of pride. Had they planned this? They started to stand, but Sindy stepped up, put a hand on either shoulder and pushed them back down.
"Where do you think you're going? This isn't fucking soccer, and we don't doties. Since neither of you slutswonthe contest, you bothlost. Now it's up to me to punish you both."
Beth looked toward Riley; Riley looked worried. The crowd started chanting "Gangbang! Gangbang! Gangbang!"
"Yeah!" she said. "That's right. Get up here guys. Oil them up first so they don't catch fire from all the friction. But don't go easy on them."
"Please, don't, she's only eighteen!" said Beth as men surrounded them.
"I don't give a fuck. I was getting gangbanged twice a week when I was eighteen," said Sindy. "I'm sure a slut like her will love it."
"It's OK, mom... I'll be OK," said Riley in a trembling voice while her eyes goggled in panic and excitement at the gang of men moving to surround her.
At a word from Sindy, the men closed in on the girls to pull them up from the floor and enthusiastically grab their limbs and grope their tits, ass and pussy. Five men clustered around Riley and began to douse her with baby oil as their questing fingers roamed over and into every private curve and crevasse of her young body. She moaned in delight as their hands explored and invaded her. Her body glistened in a heavy sheen of oil as she was pushed down onto the divan just to my left. Men grabbed her wrists and ankles and held her firmly as one of them squatted astraddle her head, pushing his ass against her face as he gathered her beautiful young breasts in his hands and began to tit fuck her while roughly pinching and twisting her nipples. Another got between her thighs as the others pulled her legs wide and folded them up towards her shoulders. He began to push his oily cock into her writhing ass as the men holding her down fingered her pussy and teased her clit. As I looked down all I could see was her pale torso straining in the center of a tight scrum of horny men as they used her young body like a disposable fuck toy.
Meanwhile, as the other five men descended on Beth, she immediately seized the initiative by grabbing one of them by the cock and pushing him back towards the divan to my right. She pushed him down into a sitting position, and, taking his cock in hand, lowered herself backwards into his lap while guiding his erection into her ass. As he slid far up into Beth's guts, she leaned back against him as he began to grind inside her. She grabbed another of the hard cocks hovering above her and pulled him down between her thighs where she guided his shaft to the gaping lips of her lust-inflamed pussy. She shuddered in pleasure as his cock disappeared within her and he began to thrust deep, bumping up against the other shaft inside her though a tender curtain of interior flesh. She groaned in ecstasy as she threw her bead back against the shoulder of the man beneath her and another stepped up to slide his cock into her mouth and begin to slowly fuck her face in rhythm with the other two men. The remaining guys guided her hands to their pricks, which she began stroking in the same rolling rhythm as she pleasured five cocks simultaneously.
Throughout all this I stood immobile, manacled to the wall with a queasily excellent view of the action occurring mere feet away on either side. The muffled grunts from Riley as she lapped at the man's taint and asshole while he slid his long cock between her oily tits merged with Beth's gurgling breaths as she gasped around the fat cock pumping along her tongue and down into her throat. The smell of sweat, pussy, and cum wafted up to me from the tangles of flesh on either side. I tried not to think about the fact that it was my wife - my best friend; the love of my life; the mother of our child - who was currently working five cocks toward climax with an eager, sinewy rhythm. I attempted to blind my mind to the fact that my child - our child - was currently being fucked in the ass and between her beautiful young tits by strangers using her with as much consideration as a masturbating middle-schooler uses an old sock to catch his jizz. I tried to not think these things, but I failed. My exposed cock not only remained hard, but got even harder - painfully so, in fact - as the sights, smells and sounds of my wife and daughter being relentlessly gangbanged filled my brain.
And so it went: Beth guiding her cluster of men with firm determination, changing from position to position as men climaxed and dropped out of the group, while Riley was roughly manhandled, her eyes growing desperate as she was helplessly submerged again and again to be double and triple penetrated in the steamy, airless centers of churning clusters of thrusting male flesh. In either case however, I could hear the frequent rise in the pace of their ragged, panting breaths as they built to a howling crescendo of grunts and yelps cumulating in the sputtering cries that escaped their heaving lungs as their bodies jerked and writhed through one massive orgasm after another.
Eventually the groups of men around the girls dissolved away in a lurid rain of dripping, spurting climaxes and my cum-blasted, sweat-soaked wife and daughter limply submitted to their last partners as they lay side by side at my feet, their tired eyes looking up at me as the two remaining dudes jack-hammered themselves towards climax between their aching thighs.
As Riley's final partner pulled his spent, dripping cock from her cum-flooded pussy, Sindy walked up to me twirling a key. "Time for the fuck you owe me," she said as she removed my gag and unlocked my manacles.
"What if I say no?"
She laughed. "You won't."
She dropped down in front of Riley whose dazed eyes looked up at her in confusion.
"Ever been eaten out by another girl?" asked Sindy.
"N-no..." said Riley, who flinched back as Sindy dipped her face down towards her pussy. I looked down and saw my daughter's inflamed, fuck-blasted labia disordered and wet with lust as a thick current of sperm flowed from her gaping holes. Sindy hungrily buried her face between Riley's thighs and began to lap thick tonguefuls of slime from her ass and pussy. Riley shuddered in pleasure as her eyes rolled back in her head and she began to gyrate her hips against Sindy's face.
Sindy raised her head and looked back at me; her face was smeared with the filth from my daughter's pussy and her lips were shut tightly. She bent forward and gave Riley full soul kiss as she passed a heavy load of spit and cum into her mouth. Riley's eyes crossed in surprise and her cheeks bulged wide before she finally swallowed it all. As Riley sputtered and coughed, Sindy looked back at me again, grinning wickedly.
"I'm waiting," she said. "I want you to fuck me while I finish eating out your daughter's cunt."
I wish I could report that I experienced a moment of unease or reluctance as she turned back to noisily eating out Riley, but I instantly fell to my knees and slid my cock into Sindy's wet and ready porn-star pussy. As I began to fuck her, I grabbed a handful of her auburn hair to hold her face against Riley's twat. Riley's eyes met mine as Sindy's nose pressed against her clit with every slap of my pelvis against Sindy's tight ass. As I watched Riley's big, cum-covered tits slewing around in rhythm to my thrusts into Sindy, I could feel a tingling spark of overwhelming pleasure building quickly inside me. Suddenly Beth was at my side, on her knees and reaching under Sindy to stroke her clit as we looked down along Sindy's well-muscled back to where our daughter was quickly slipping over the precipice of climax. Beth's other hand reached around the curve of my ass until she shoved a finger up my sphincter and against my prostate.
"OH! UNGGH!!!" I cried out as I came, flooding Sindy's million-dollar pussy with a massive load of long-delayed spunk while Sindy's trilled her tongue against Riley's clit. Sindy and Riley quickly followed, writhing and screaming as they came together before collapsing into panting, sweating heaps of flesh.
Beth pulled my face to hers and kissed me deeply. I could taste all the men who had used her in her kiss, but I didn't care. Our love was stronger and more potent than ever. I could tell by the eagerness of her kiss that this ordeal had brought us closer.
We broke the kiss to find Sindy astraddle Riley's face, holding our daughter's mouth to her vagina as she pressed down on her. Riley moaned and grabbed Sindy's ass as she ate pussy for the first time. We saw a few pearly rivulets of fresh sperm escape to run down Riley's chin as her throat gulped down the bulk of the thick load that flowed from Sindy's cunt; untold millions of potential siblings disappearing forever into her tummy.
I looked out across the crowd from where I knelt on the stage. I was surprised that only a few people were even looking at us. Everyone seemed to have been pulled into a club-wide orgy that writhed and throbbed along the whole expanse of the dance floor. We had done that. Or, at least, Beth and Riley had. I was so proud of my girls.
Sindy climbed off Riley's sopping wet face and sat on the floor of the stage with us. Riley raised her head to look around with dazed eyes as she struggled to catch her breath. As she looked at the wild orgy raging across the ballroom floor her face took on a look of wonder. She turned to us and smiled.
"Wow," she said.
"Are you OK honey?" asked Beth.
"Yeah. I didn't know it was possible to come that much,"
Sindy's ordinarily hard face was happy and excited as she spoke to us. "Listen. Why don't you three stay at my place for the rest of the week. I've got a lot of friends I'd love to introduce you to."
Beth smiled at me. Riley nodded eagerly. "Can we?" they asked, "Please."
I knew we shouldn't. We weren't doing great with temptation this week, obviously. But I smiled and agreed. It was just sex after all: a key component of life, as normal as eating or breathing. I felt a hot thrill as I wondered what we would get up to during a week at a porn star's beach house.