"EVICTED? WHAT THE FUCK?"
Zach Pedigo ripped the notice off of his apartment door and stared at it with a haunted glare. He knew that he was behind a month in rent but this was harsh. How could his landlord be so unsympathetic? Wasn't it against the law to evict someone until three months without payment gave them the right to push someone out? Aggravated he crumpled it up and unlocked his door. Entering he slammed his door out of spite then hurled the paper on to his kitchen bar, which separated it from his small living room.
Tossing his duffle on the floor beside his sofa he took a deep breath and accepted reality. He knew coming up with the money to avoid eviction was slim. He had been out of work nearly two months, exhausting his savings just to survive. Finding another job was increasingly depressing. Not many employers wanted a man who punched out his boss whatever the circumstances were, good or bad. References stunk. Sad to say he might end up living in a cardboard box here soon unless he could figure out something.
Tired and sweaty after a gym workout, one of the few places he had paid up for a year to be a member, he took his t-shirt off and whipped it out over his television, clinging to the screen. From there he unbuttoned his pants for circulation, stopping there in his disrobing. He needed a beer.
Opening his refrigerator he procured the second to last bottle of Heineken in a six pack and twisted the cap off, guzzling it. Finally, leaning on the wall of his kitchen he growls to himself, "Lord I need a miracle here." Eyes toward the ceiling as if expecting a sign he got it.
A knock at his door made his breathing freeze, "Please don't let that be the landlord." He chose to ignore it until two more knocks made him grow curious. Tiptoeing to the door he looks through the peep hole and bulges his eyes. "HOLY!" A swift turn of the knob he opens the door.
"Hi. I'm Heidi, I called about the spare bedroom."
Dumbfounded by beauty, Zach stared with awe at a devastatingly gorgeous blond with silky hair caressing her soft white shoulders. Piercing blue eyes and a perfect smile left him speechless. In response the girl lifted twice up on her toes as if awaiting a solid reply.
"SHIT! Sorry, you just caught me off guard."
"I can see that." She hesitantly points at his unfastened pants barely revealing skin near his pubic area, Zach lived commando.
"Dammit!" He turns his back to her and quickly fastens up before returning to her. She blushed but stood her ground.
"Can I see the room?"
"Room?"
"The vacancy. I'm desperate for affordable housing since I moved into the city. I've been staying with my mom but I want my own place. She and my stepsister share a one bedroom, so no room for me." She giggles.
Zach nearly told her she had the wrong place when inspiration struck. Stepping aside he motions her to come on in. He did have a spare bedroom that he used for storage. This could just be his lucky day. Even if it was dishonest. "Sure, come on in. Heidi was it?"
"Yep. You're older than I pictured."
"Age matter?"
"Not really. How old are you?"
"35. You?"
"19."
"I could almost be your Dad."
She blushes heavily and looks to her feet before snickering, "I guess."
"Shit! I suppose I should put my shirt on. Got too comfy after hitting the gym." He looks for his shirt locating it on the 55 inch TV and starts to go after it.
"You don't have to. I'm fine." She admits shyly.
"Uhhh? You sure?"
"Yes."
"Anyone ever tell you that you look like that actress Dove Cameron?"
"Anyone ever tell you that you look like that actor Tom Hardy?"
"My twin brother."
"My twin sister." She giggles, "May I see the room?"
"Right! It's ten steps this way. Small apartment." He nervously takes the lead.
"I don't take up much room. 5'5, 120. Mostly up..." She stops short of pointing at her chest, which had an amazing cleavage. 38C's behind a yellow camisole left them wide open to interpretation.
"Well, I'm going to keep my eyes high. I certainly don't want to give you the wrong impression of me. Even though I've probably already done that." He chuckles pointing at his own chest.
"It's a guy thing. I'm used to being looked over. Anyways, the room?"
Stepping out of her way he opens the door to the spare bedroom which was roughly 10 feet by 12 feet. She squeezes around him face to face, her chest slightly grazing his sternum. He swallows at her trailing tits soft caress and reacting to him. Trying not to stare he saw nipple hard on, but quickly averted his gaze.
"Small skylight over where your bed can go. Average closet. Ceiling fan. Nothing special really."
"It's cute."
"Yes it is." He lowers his eyes to her tight heart shaped ass covered by a white mini skirt, her long legs gently muscular.
"You think the room is cute?" She snickers.
"Well, it will be once I get all of my junk out of your way." He hadn't thought of that. Where was he going to put it? Grimacing, he figured the dumpster sounded good.
"You know, your voice even sounds differently than over the phone."
"Oh?"
"You did sound like you had allergies. Hay fever you said."
"I'm drugged up. So far so good." He was feeling guilty as the lies mounted up.
"I can't recall your name." She fidgeted.
"Zach." He extends a hand, "Zach Pedigo."
"Heidi Baker." She frowns, "I'm in the wrong apartment aren't I?"
"Yeeeeeeeah! Listen Heidi. I'm sorry I wasted your time. I'm not going to bother telling you why I let you in. All I can say is I'm sorry, I was considering a roommate and when you said...guess I'm...sorry. I'll walk you out."
"So you were going to steal someone else's potential roommate?"
Zach lowered his gaze and shrugged, "I'm a sad human being."
"How much would be my rent?"
"Say what?" He lifted his gaze and bulged his eyes.
"How much?"
"Well, half the rent is $700."
"Wow! $1,400 for this small place?"
"That's Seattle for ya. We're near the heart of the city. This is cheap."
"You're so right. Every ad I looked at was crazy high. The guy I talked to over the phone was going to charge me $900. Who can afford that?"
"Might be $900 with half the utilities." He winces.
"I'll have to get a third job just to make that."
"What do you do?"
"Part time at Victoria's Secret and at a Nail Salon, I do intricate nail designs. I'm girly." She laughs.
"Sounds like it. Listen Heidi, you don't have to rent from me. I'm truly sorry I led you on."
"I'm considering it. Unless you're not wanting to now. I know the age gap must be awkward."
"NO! No! That has nothing to do with it. I just feel horrible for giving you the runaround. You don't deserve what I just tried to pull."
"At least you're being honest now. Can you continue being totally honest with me going forward?"
"Absolutely. I just got evicted." He rolls his eyes.
"Seriously?"
"Yeah! That was my driving force in playing you. I'm on hard times myself. Lost my job two months ago, blown through my savings, struggling to stay afloat. I figured you might keep a roof over my head a bit longer until I got a job. Dammit!" He backs away aggravated with himself and steps into the living room arms crossed and pondering his life.
"Bathroom looks bigger than my room." She follows him out but deviates her path to the front door.
"What? You're looking at the bath when I'm telling you I was using you?"
"Just saying. I like the glass shower doors. This place is better than I thought it might be."
"I don't get it. I just admitted using you and you're not storming out calling me every name in the book?"
"I forgive you. Like I said, going forward. My question is, will I pay rent to you only to be evicted next month?"
"Hope not. Might sell my motorcycle. It's my sole transportation though. That might pay two months rent."
"Don't do that. Mass transit sucks."
"Not many options Beautiful." He grits his teeth, "Sorry again."
"For what? Saying I'm beautiful? Thanks for noticing."
"It's my day for notices." He laughs. "I just didn't want you to think I was being too forward."
"Relax old man." She flips her tongue out at him, "I have enough money to pay that $700 plus $700 for deposit. I might have to live on celery sticks and peanut butter, but if I can help and put a roof over my, our, head I'll take the risk. Just...don't lie."
"I won't."
"Prove it." She studies him with a squint.
"You're hot as fuck."
"That's proving it?"
"It's no lie." He chuckles. "Cute ass."
"Ohhhh! So now you're admitting to being a pervert."
"Aren't all of us old farts?"
"35 is not old."
"You asked for honesty. It's the only thing I could think of to prove it off the top of my head."
"Do I have to worry about it getting out of hand? These perversions." He noticed a strange glint in her eyes, almost hopeful of a yes. He chose to hold on to that close inspection.
"Too early to tell. If I do just set me straight." He moves to his TV and snatches his shirt, putting it back on. "There! Better?"
"I liked the bare chest." She smirked blushing, "I have nasty habits too. I sleep walk. I know I snore. I live in bra and panties. Sometimes no bra. Sometimes no panties. Can you live with that?"
"Can you start moving in, in like thirty minutes?" He grins heavily.
"Tomorrow. I'll bring you a check for $1,400. I don't own much outside of clothes and extra batteries. A few odds and ends, laptop, etc."
"No internet. I had to cut a few luxuries out. Batteries?"
"BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!" She giggles.
"Vibrator?"
"Tattoo gun. What do you think?"
"Wow! I...don't know what to say Heidi. You just gave me..."
"A hard on?"
"I was going to say hope, but yeah, that's probably going to happen if you only wear a bra and panties, or...less. Can you deal with that?"
"You're a man. It happens." She eyes her cell clock, "I need to go to work. Nails today. Can I bring a few things over later tonight? I'll just get the check to you today instead of waiting. Key?"
"I have an extra around. Wow! Thanks Heidi. You saved my life."
"Who knows, maybe you saved mine. That other guy sounded creepy."
"Who was it?"
"I only know a first name. Herman, I think. Your address is H15. Ha! I just realized that spells HIS. Too funny. I evidently wrote the wrong apartment number down. Must be fate."
"Tell you what...I have just enough cash to order Chinese. You interested in supper when you come back?"
"Get fortune cookies. I'm really superstitious that way."
"I can do that. Oh, do you even have a bed for your room?"
"Crap! Nooo! I'll just put a blanket on my floor until I get one."
"Always the couch in a pinch. I'll clear everything out and have the room emptied by say 5:00?"
"I'll be over by 6:00. Just need time to shower and change."
"Perfect."
"It is isn't it?" She looks behind her at her ass. "Quit drooling old man. I'm just teasing."
"I'm not drooling." He wipes his mouth on his shirt laughing.
"I think our humor bounces off each other pretty well. Just keep that honesty thing going and I'll move past any doubts in you."
"Done. See you at 6:00 Dove Cameron."
"Right on Tom Hardon. I mean Hardy."
"Okay, much as I love the teasing, don't you think we should act like roommates?"
"You're right. I'm young and impulsive, what can I say?"
He opens the front door for her, "Go to work."
"Before I miss my bus." She bulges her eyes, "Bye Tom."
"Bye Dove."
He watched her wiggle all the way down the hall until she headed downstairs. Zach Pedigo could not help himself, he hit his couch running, pants down, erection devastated, knuckling his cock as if he were 18 again. This was definitely his lucky day. "Get it out of your system Pedigo. Once she moves in you can't be doing this or she won't keep you out of hot water long. Fucccccccck! Now I'm picturing her in the shower." It was pretty steamy.
After doing his best to clear out the spare room he discovered it wasn't as easy as he thought. Sure some things could be parted with but not everything. Cramming as much as he could into every closet there, outside of hers, he gave up and made the sacrifice. Who needed a fishing pole and bowling ball anyways. Down came that poster of Carlos Santana. Damn Zach felt old.
By 5:30 he realized the time had ran away from him and he hit the shower in a hurry. Soaping up good he removed his Dove Cameron worship and felt presentable again. As he lathered up to shave his three day shadow he again heard the door pounded on. She was early. Grabbing a towel he wrapped it about his waist and trudged out, still wet. Reaching the door he just opened it and braced for the unexpected.
"You're early." He managed until he realized Heidi wasn't alone. With him was another girl, with a few more curves in a deliciously overweight perfection. Brown hair to her shoulders with big brown eyes, rimmed glasses making her appear studious. Heidi stood behind the girl holding a box obscuring her view.
"HELLOOO!" The brunette looked Zach over from head to toe. Turning sideways Heidi bulged her eyes at Zach in his towel.
"This shit is heavy, move it Kayla."
Swooping in to help Heidi before losing her grip, Zach snatched up her box and straightened up. So much for his towel. All it took was stretching a bit too much and it loosened enough to fall to his feet. "NOT ON PURPOSE I SWEAR." He used the box to conceal his penis. Both girls dropped their jaws as he backed away slowly. "Mind picking up my towel?" He marched backwards all the way to his bedroom then sat the box down in the hall to bolt inside and close his door.
"Damn Heidi, he does look like Tom Hardy." Kayla sat her box on the sofa.
"I told you. Pull up your halter Wench, before you start showing off too."
"I wonder how big it was. Did you see it before..." She adjusted her white halter top to better conceal her 40D's. Those mounds were hard to hide and she was darn proud of it. With her few extra pounds they drew attention away from a very minor pudge about the waist, her ass round but tight in her pull up black shorts, butt cheeks ever so expressing themselves beneath the hemline over both muscular looking legs.
"Noooo, it was an accident give him a break." Heidi wore grey leggings this time with a button down white and powder blue plaid shirt. Definitely less seductive looking than earlier in the day.
"Even for an old guy he looked good. Maybe I should move in with you, just in case you need help fending him off."
"Yeah, you can run interference right into his arms Hoochie. I'll stand back whispering don't hurt my sister. Help. Help."
"You're hilarious. I'm not into old..."
Zach barged out of his room cutting her thought off as he rejoined them in sweat pants and a Seattle Seahawk's t-shirt. "Sorry ladies. Caught me by surprise there. I didn't want you standing out there waiting on me is all."
"No problem Tom." Heidi stood with hands on her hips, "This is my stepsister Kayla. She's single if you wanna date her." Kayla drops her jaw and shakes Zach's hand. In the shake her breasts danced for him, nipples popping out to say hello. Definitely no bra, surprisingly no sag. Youth kept her poise sturdy.
"Hi Tom."
"It's Zach."
"Peeping Tom." Heidi razzed him after seeing his eyes take in Kayla's dance recital.
"In my defense you were about ten minutes early."
"I can see that. You still have shaving crème on."
"Crap! I even put my shirt on before wiping my face. I'm such an idiot." Heidi hands him his discarded towel and watches him use it to wipe his face.
"Keep the stubble. It suits you."
"I think it looks sexy." Kayla adds.
"Have any more things to carry in?" He changes the subject to avoid a brewing erection beneath his sweats.
"Two more boxes and a stand up mirror. Better hurry up we're illegally parked on the curb." Kayla retreats to the door.
"I'll bring in the boxes. You grab the mirror." He follows Kayla watching her ass dart from side to side. For being overweight that girl was rockin' out. Luckily, Zach liked a bit of baggage. Single, eh? Shaking off the age thing Zach stepped outside and grabbed the two medium sized boxes from the hatchback of a grey Ford Escape. Side by side they retreated as Kayla lowered the hatch until closed.
"Hold up." She stopped him at the sidewalk. "I just want to say something without my sister around."
"Sure, what's up?"
"She's never lived on her own before. Even I think my sister is superhot. I just want to know if she's safe."
"Outside of accidents like earlier? Yes, it was 100% an accident. Pretty embarrassed actually." He wasn't but it sounded appropriate.
"That doesn't answer my question."
"I'm not a pervert if that's what you think of me." He had his moments.
"I don't. The single in me wishes you were though." She giggles. "Just...don't hurt my sis."
"Not even. Chances are we'll barely see each other. Jobs and all." He refrained saying he wasn't working, hopeful that Heidi kept that secret.
"Can I visit?"
"Me or Heidi?" He winked.
"Both. Wow!" She looks at herself in the mirror she was holding, "The girls are winking back at you."
"Wink all you want. How much older are you than Heidi?"
"I'm 22. Wait until you meet our Mom."
"Stepsisters, Heidi said."
"Yeah, she never knew her real Dad. She's only known my Dad. Her Mom didn't want her knowing him. Bad news I guess."
"That's a shame. Getting heavy here let's head inside."
"Right! Let me get the door." Once inside they head back upstairs to an opened apartment door, propped by of all things, a can of Peaches. Heidi was in her room unpacking the first box which consisted of sheets and a blanket. Not even a pillow. She had fanned out her bedding in preparation for the next nights usage. On her hands and knees straightening the bedding Zach had to huff at her doggy style stance, those grey leggings constricting tightly up into her clam for a sunken treasure status.
"Here's your other boxes." Zach sat them on the floor, swallowing dryly.
"Thanks." She rolls over to sit down on her bed, legs partly separated, leaning back on the palms of her hands. Looking up at Zach and Kayla she smiles brightly, "Home sweet home." After resting the mirror against a wall Kayla flops down next to Heidi and hugs her from the side. "Go home Wench, or Mom won't loan us her car again. I'll catch a bus later."
"I wanna stay here with you." Kayla melts into puppy dog mode, that led into an attack from the side, sister on sister tickling match. Zach grinned watching them roll about laughing. In her tussle Kayla's top dangled low allowing Zach a full underside of dangling monsters. He had to huff a silent whistle of, "Oh yeaaah." As the girls slow their battle, they sit up straight chuckling when both go instantly silent looking at Zach.
"What?"
Both girls point at him and he looks down to see his erection, tent poling his sweats in tall order. Zach was hardly small down there. Turning his back to them he shakes his head, "I GIVE UP."
"Chill out Old man." Heidi smirked, "You order food yet?"
"Fuck! No, I haven't had time. Let me grab my cell." He darts away toward his bedroom where it was charging.
"That dick is huge." Kayla expressed awe.
"Go fetch."
"Wish I could. Mom is probably reporting her car stolen already."
"I'll be home later."
"This is home."
"I'll be home, home, later."
"Okay. I'm visiting you a lot."
"You just wanna jump Tom's bones."
"I would too."
"GO ALREADY."
A kiss on the cheek Kayla crawls from the floor and steps cautiously across the hall to Zach's opened bedroom door. Leaning both hands to each side of the threshold, she looks in to see him on the phone making a delivery order. Catching him off guard she witnesses him fondling his erection from the outside of his sweat pants. Staring at him with a hunger lust she wanted to waltz in and help him out. That of course was interrupted by Heidi scaring the holy hell out of her by sneaking up and reaching around, under her halter to squeeze her breasts. A loud squeal lets Zach know of their intrusion and he looks back at Kayla's bouncing breasts while Heidi made them shuffle about from behind.
Ignoring the erotic display at Kayla's expense, he coughs up, "Lo Mein? General Chow's Chicken? Broccoli and Beef over white rice sound alright?"
"Yep." Heidi removes her hands from Kayla's shirt and nudges her shoulder to shoulder. Hearing Zach complete his order, Heidi calls out, "EXTRA FORTUNE COOKIES." He abruptly stops the restaurant on the other end with the request. Hanging up he found both girls sweaty and laughing. "BITCH GO BEFORE YOU GET TOWED."
"FINE! Bye Zach."
"Nice meeting you Kayla. See you around."
"You can't see around that Heifer." Heidi laughed hysterically. As the front door closed life calmed down. Sizing up Zach's room she realized he was into sports heavily. A hockey stick was mounted over his queen size bed. "Nice stick." Zach in turn looked down at his crotch. Eyes rolled at his response, she shakes her head, "Not that stick. Old man you have a one track mind."
"Probably so. You're not helping it any."
"So, you're into Hockey?"
"Played when I was a kid up in Vancouver. Moved down here when I was your age."
"Wow! I'm originally from Vancouver too. Small world. Mom moved here to get away from my real Dad. I don't even think he knows I exist. Someday maybe."
"Met my ex-wife Shea here in Seattle at 22. Married up until three years ago. She found someone better and we split. Been single since." He plugged his cell back into the charger and folded his arms. His erection was still a problem but she chose to ignore it. Casual glances at best to realize it wasn't going down. "What about you? Boyfriend?"
"Yeah, right! I date, but nothing serious. We all know what guys want." She fidgets a bit.
"My hard on bothering you? I can pour ice cubes down my sweats. Probably the only thing that's going to cool it down. No offense."
"Your apartment too. Be yourself, I will."
"If I was myself you would run off like lightning."
"Why you say that? Thought you weren't a pervert."
"I suppose I'll have my moments. Can you blame me when you look that good?"
"Nope! I turn myself on." She snickers. "I'm going to go finish unpacking until the food gets here." She starts to turn away then halts in step. Turning back she reaches into her cleavage and removes a folded up check from her black bra. "Before I forget, here's rent."
"Perfect. Thanks Dove. Oh!" He turns to his dresser and picks up her apartment key, "Might need this tomorrow in case I'm out job hunting."
"Awesome." She accepts it, "Hanging up my clothes now. I just realized you don't have a washer and dryer."
"Every floor has a set. Six doors down by the pop machine."
"More money." She grumbles. "Saves on our water bill I guess."
"It all evens out. Let's just make the best of it. I'll do whatever I can to help you out, you do the same. Deal?"
"That depends on what you want help with." She chuckles with a squinted eye, using her pinky to point at his erection.
"Not even remotely what I was getting at. Stop looking at it, that's not helping."
"Yup." She turns and returns to her makeshift bedroom to unpack what few things she had, mostly clothing, a small lamp without a shade, single cereal bowl and one set of utensils. He left her to herself, and went out into the kitchen. Zach made a bit of room in his cabinet for her, in doing so he realized just how much crap he had.
Ten minutes of alone time he even organized the interior of his fridge to give her space for whatever she might buy. Tossing a quart of milk that was rank he scowled at his own necessity to grocery shop. "Gonna have to give blood again just for food." He raised his brows sighing. Depressed over the small things he shuffled back toward Heidi's room just as she stood up with her back to him. Not suspecting he was there she unbuttoned her shirt and removed it in favor of changing into something a bit more comfortable, namely a similar camisole shirt like earlier, only in a lavender color. It was the no bra the caught his eye, that and her beautiful bare back, and shoulders. Silently stepping back so as not to be seen, he peeks at her quick change. He was really hoping she might change her leggings out too, but he knew she would be leaving later and presumed that luck would fall on another day. He was struggling hard to be less pervy but his dick just wouldn't have it. Dove was just too perfect. He meant Heidi. The fantasy was going to hit home more often than not.
As if sensing him she turns sideways looking at her opened doorway. With him not in sight she grabbed her cereal bowl and utensils and headed out into the hall. Predicting her exit Zach had gone quickly to the living room and was looking through what few DVD's he had for something to watch. A swift notice of three pornos in the batch made him snatch them out and hide them behind his back as she shuffled through.
"Hiding the good stuff?" She smirked moving past him going to the kitchen.
"Yeah, bachelor life. I didn't really plan on a roommate so soon. Tidying up your room took top priority. Forgot all about the silly things, like pornos." He confessed drawing them out from behind his back. "I did make space up in the cabinet for a few things."
"Only a bowl, fork, and spoon. I live light. You can leave the girls out I don't care. This is your place more than mine considering. I like porn just like you do."
"Nice!" He nodded with a pucker.
"I actually considered going into that stuff if money got tight, like my ass." She pats her butt laughing.
"Really?"
"Not! Well, never know I guess. Flaunt it when you got it right?"
"NOT HELPING." He growls loudly.
"You really should go do something about that Tom." She shakes her head, raising her arms to the cabinet above to put her bowl away. She just left her silver with it. In her stretch he caught a glimpse of nipple hard on. Fucking perfect nips.
"Food should be here anytime. Duk Fu is pretty fast."
"Duk Fu?" She laughs, "Is that a racist comment?"
"No. That's the guys name. I eat a lot of Chinese so we know each other by name. Really good dude."
"I'll take your word on that. Can I steal some sink space for my toothbrush and stuff?"
"All yours. Just nudge my things aside. Not much space on the sink so not a whole lot of room."
"I'll manage. I can keep my deodorant and feminine things in my room. I'm sure you don't wanna look at a box of tampons."
"I was married, so I'm used to things being mixed together. You can put them under the sink. No reason to clutter your bedroom."
"Not much in there anyways."
"Cute top." He points at her nervously.
"You noticed."
"Hard not to." He winks.
"Yeah, the girls get pretty stiff when I don't wear a bra." She looks down at herself while leaning her palms on the kitchen counter.
"Man, this is tougher than I realized." He looks away.
"Calm it down Codger Tom." She shakes her head, "Look all you want just remind yourself that we're only roommates."
"Never thought otherwise about that. You have no idea how grateful I am just to have you here. I really didn't want to move."
"I hear that. This is my first move on my own. Mom just couldn't afford anything bigger than her one bedroom. Bad enough Kayla hogs her couch."
"Why didn't you and Kayla get a place together? For that matter why is your stepsister living with your real mom, instead of you?"
"Needed room to grow I guess. Kayla's not ready to be on her own. I am."
"So you move in with a guy old enough to be your Dad."
"Never knew my real Dad." He knew that from Kayla, "Maybe I have Daddy issues." She sticks her tongue out at him. "Think you better hide that before Fuk Du shows up? He might think you've missed him."
"Duk Fu." He chuckled. "That's why you're answering the door this time."
"Ohhhhh! My hard ons are better adverteasing that yours?"
"Less disturbing to a guy though."
"Ah! So Duk can go back to his restaurant with his own feathers ruffled."
"That's on him. I'll go grab my cash." He heads to his room for his wallet. In passing they meet in the hallway and brush up against one another. She sighs and goes into her room, returning shortly with her hygiene products. Arranging the bathroom basin to accommodate her things she took time to pee. The door was left open so Zach thought little of it until he barged in to see her sitting, her leggings to her knees. Her soft hips visible he stares for ten seconds then turns away, "Sorry, Dove, you really should have shut the door."
"Probably. With one bathroom to share I just figured..."
"NOT HELPING!!" He yelled from the hallway. She merely grinned and wiped. Pulling her leggings up she washed her hands and rejoined him in the living room.
"Why so red in the face Ace?"
"I wonder." He shakes his head, plopping down on the sofa and settling back into a stretch. That tent was massive enough to make him just as quickly sit forward to mask it.
"Damn Tom. Are you going to be this panic stricken every day?"
"I've known you less than 24 hours Dove, let me get used to you."
"I'm not annoyed by it. Be yourself." She hesitates, "Well, within reason."
"Coming from Miss I parade around in bra and panties or less."
"I lived with my Mom and stepsister. Not a guy." She laughed, "Even I need to get used to things."
"Let's just agree to be ourselves and get past the nerves of...Fuck it." He sits back proudly and lets the flag pole wag beneath his sweats. "Gotta start somewhere so I'm just not going to hide the ride."
"Hide the ride? Yeah, now I'm moving out." She acts edgy.
"What? I didn't mean..."
Laughing hysterically she points, "Calm the BP. NOT DP." She masks her teeth with a hand giggling, "I'm only joking." Saved by the bell, a knock at the door freezes her laughter. He quickly lifts the cash up for her to claim. With a deep breath Heidi opens the door to see a lank Chinese man with glasses, in his late 20's. Seeing her caught him off guard and he rechecks the address on the door before grinning.
"Duk Fu, right?" She bubbles up.
"Yes."
"Hiya Duk." Zach leans over the arm of his couch waving.
"Mister Zach." He waves back handing Heidi the bag of food. She in turn passes off the cash and wiggles away leaving the door open, in favor of placing the bag on the coffee table. Even Duk watched her cute ass, blushing as he looks swiftly at Zach for confirmation. A thumbs up shared between them gave Duk the giggles. Shying away Duk looked at the money, then actually shut their door for them.
"Thanks Buddy." Zach replied just as the door latched.
"Food smells delicious." She opens the bag waving the scent at her nostrils. "They gave us chopsticks."
"Only way to compliment the Chef."
"I've never used chopsticks."
"Tonight you live a little."
"Sounds like a plan Tom." She drags out each container and places them on the coffee table then places the bag on the floor. Moving around the table she sits down next to Zach and lets him reach out to sort the food. She opens their chopsticks in readiness. Attempting to figure out how to hold the wooden utensils she masters it enough to goof off. Using them as if snapping at him like a rabid dog she barks like a Pomeranian on steroids. It was too funny.
"Down girl." He chuckles opening the Lo Mein, then the remaining containers. "Dig in Fido."
"So I'm a dog now?"
"If the tail wags." He winks, "I've got 2 beers left. Want one?"
"Uhhh? Underage Mister Bad Influence."
"Right! Didn't think."
"As if that matters. Geez Tom! Yes, give me a beer."
"Contributing to a minor, I dunnnnno?" He winces then hops up, erection bouncing before her eyes.
"Now who's wagging his tail?" She muses then tries her hand at eating from a container. Mishaps led to a napkin wipe three different times, until finally being smart enough to lift the container under her chin.
Returning with her beer he opens it before passing it down. Claiming it he stands over her prepping for a toast. "To my savior. Here's to good friends."
"Tonight is kinda special." She chuckles, "Heard that somewhere." She clinks their bottles then takes a drink, wrinkling her nose at the first sip.
"Not a big drinker are you?"
"Not so much. More into Daiquiris. My Mom's the lush of the family. She's even gone to rehab. AA stuff."
"That's a shame. She better now?"
"Yeah, she hit the hard stuff for awhile when I was younger. My stepdad didn't help much. Thankfully she dumped him to get her life on track."
"Good." He takes his seat next to her again, "So tell me more about Heidi Dove Baker."
"Like what?"
"Anything you care to relate."
"Not much to tell." She nibbles on broccoli.
"Boyfriend?"
"Not really. Like I said earlier, I date a few people just for something to do. I mean I get asked out a lot but I'm picky I guess. You?"
"Hand full of dates since my divorce three years ago. Guess I'm picky like you are. Go through the crap Shea put me through makes a guy think more clearly."
"Other men?"
"Ohhh yeah. She loved her rendezvouses. Might not have been so bad if she had included me." He laughs, "Openminded here but, when its all hidden not so much fun."
"You're into other guys?" She grimaces.
"NO!" He jumps at her judgment, "She was bi. I mean when she was with another woman. I could have even handled the other guy as long as he kept his distance from me."
"All new to me. Never tried things like that."
"Virgin?"
"Noooooooo!" She scowls with a raised brow, "I meant the threesome thing. Not even the girl on girl. Why are we talking about sex?"
"Sorry. You're right, not cool on our first day knowing each other."
"Yeah, especially with you dealing with the coat hanger."
"Not going down easy is it."
"Better grab those ice cube trays and pack that thing." She giggles and loses another noodle. "Dang it! You make using the sticks look easy."
"Practice. My ex was Korean. Shea was short for YuShea."
"Wow!"
"Yeah!" He holds a single noodle of Lo Mein in the air before smirking, "Holding this makes me remember our first movie together. Crazy I know, but it was Lady and the Tramp. Her favorite Disney flick."
"I liked that one too. You guys do the shared noodle thing?" She snickers.
"Not once. Always wanted to though. Stupid, huh?"
"Not even." She turns sideways on her knee, "Let's do it."
"What?" He loses color in his cheeks, then looks down at his erection.
"Not sex you bozo." She snaps her chopsticks at him, "Up here. I'm talking the noodle kiss."
"You want to kiss me?"
"Noooo! Forget it Tom."
"I'm not sure what you're getting at then."
"It must take talent to hold a noodle between two people without breaking it as it's sucked in. Just trying to lighten up our night. No Biggy Tom. I'm over it."
"We can try it."
"Don't you dare kiss me when it gets close."
"I was gonna say the same to you Lady."
"At least you didn't call me Tramp. No, I don't have a tramp stamp." She laughs.
"No tattoos?"
"One, but don't ask I'm not telling."
"Why not?"
"It's...personal." She flares her eyes blushing.
"Oh come on!" He rolls his eyes, "Now I gotta know."
"Nope! Nyet! Nada!"
"Alright! How about this? We do the noodle stunt, whomever loses their end first accepts a challenge?"
"You're going to challenge me to show you my tat."
"Probably. You know I am." He laughs.
"Well, I'm not challenging you to show me that Big Tent Revival going on in your sweats."
"Your decision what you challenge me to do. Wasn't even going there Dovey."
"Uh huh! Dovey? No Lovey Dovey crap neither Tomcat. Wail in your bedroom on your own time." She busts up laughing.
"We can just skip the noodle." He frowns.
"Nope! You started this. Challenge accepted."
"Even if I challenge you to show me your tat?"
She shares a stern grimace with him, "I guess."
"Not too late to cancel your rent check." He grins, "It's not in my bank account yet."
"Don't tempt me." She breaks into a smile. "Noodle up Tomcat."
"Alright, get those lips ready." He uses his chopsticks to pluck up a single noodle and puts one end into his mouth carefully. From there he slowly lifted the rest of it as she followed him until she could lower her tongue under it and ever so gently press her lips around it. So far so good. Sticks aside he uses his free hand to count to three before both begin sucking their ends of the noodle. Eyes flaring at their best attempt Heidi sucked too hard and it collapsed from her lips.
"SHOOT! I was doing so good."
Sucking the remainder into his mouth he chuckled, "Best two out of three?"
"Do it!" She fans her fingers nervously anticipating his next raised noodle. Lips pressed into puckers the countdown led to his breaking it this time.
"Well hell." He shook his head as she clenches a fist in triumph.
"Get ready to be challenged Trampcat."
"You be ready Lovey Dovey."
"Grrrrr! Do it!"
Last noodle attempt led to a draw as both of them bit too hard and the leftover noodle fell to Zach's lap. A two inch section dropped directly over the head of his erection and dangled. Heidi dropped her jaw laughing at his predicament.
"Why are you laughing? Your end slipped before mine did."
"Awwww maaaan! You're right. Hit me." She held her breath as he pondered his challenge. It would be too obvious to just tell her to show him her tattoo. He wanted to see just how bold she might go.
"Eat the noodle."
"Hand it here."
"Nope! From it's landing spot."
"WHAT??????" She turned beet red and posed with her jaw open. "No way." Still her eyes monitored the noodle curled up on his tent. The easiest part to nibble at was directly over his urethra if it were visible. "I can't believe I'm even considering this." She again fans her fingers nervously.
"You don't have to." He felt badly just that fast.
"No! I lost fair and square. Just let me compose myself. Don't you get the wrong idea here." She points with a wince. "Dammit Man! Even the dangling part is barely attainable." She leans forward trying to decide how best to beat the noodle and not actually touch his dick. It was nigh impossible. Whining she gets up from her seat and scoots his coffee table aside to give her room. Moving between his legs she peers over her brow at him, "Stop fantasizing Old Man."
"He is getting bigger isn't he?"
"GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! Stop that." Laughing at his goading he wasn't far off from the truth. His cock did twitch a few times. Her eyes noticed it tensing and she scowled, "I said stop that."
"Mind of its own Dove."
Pointing at his dick she told it, "Stop thinking." Tongue hoping to reach under the noodle without contact to his sweats, it took her three attempts to even find the noodle strand. Plucking it up not so easy. In her latest attempt she got too close and accidently touched her tongue directly on his erection. With a gross expression she withdrew a few inches and grumbled under her breath. She was certainly determined to succeed. Feeling her tongue made Zach huff and form a whistling pucker that refused to whistle. He didn't want her giving up.
"I can do this." She giggles, "Don't judge me."
"I got faith in you."
"Only thing you will ever..." She bites her tongue before saying something that would get him thinking more on the sexual appetite side she was avoiding.
"Going in again. Don't move." Her face tilts sideways as her tongue carefully tries to snag the noodle tip. Another contact to his sweats leaves a wet stain on his grey material. He wasn't sure if it was her saliva or his precum. Spitting at the taste of fabric she tensed her fists, "It would help if I could see the noodle when I go after it."
"Giving up?"
"NOOOOO! Enjoy this while you can Gramps."
"Gramps? I'm not that old." He laughs at her pout, "Since when did this become Lady and the Gramps?"
"Ha Ha! Hold still."
"That's what I've been doing. Quit teasing me."
"I'm not...GRRRRRRRR!" With temper flaring she just goes for it. Tongue fully licking the tip of his covered cock until she could lift the noodle with success in sucking the noodle up through her lips until gone. That of course took three tries. Zach nearly shot his load at her persistence.
"Daaamn! That was unexpected."
"Got any mouthwash?" He merely hands her his beer. She takes a hefty swig and gargles. He had to chuckle and admire the wet stains all around the crown of his dick.
"I will never ever forget that challenge." He laughs as she stands up finishing his beer to get the taste of sweatpants off her tongue. Sitting his bottle down she grabs her own then hands it to him as a replacement.
"I'm scarred for life thanks to you."
"I didn't force you to go that far."
"I got the job done. Closest thing to a blowjob you'll ever get from me." She giggles and curls up on the couch again. Noticing something that caught her eye she immediately hops back up stretching over toward the moved coffee table, "Fortune Cookies."
"Oh yeah! Forgot the cookie monsters."
Tossing him one first, she tears the plastic of her own treat between her teeth, plucking her cookie out and breaking it in half. "Eat it first or the fortune won't come true." She chews hers as he opens his and joins her. After she polishes both halves off she reads her fortune wincing at it.
"Need glasses?"
"Nooooo! 20/20 vision thank you."
"What's yours say?"
"Two hands are better than none."
"That's morbid." He chuckles.
"Should have been your fortune Mister Monster." She points a pinky at his cock. "You're gonna need two hands."
"One is sufficient. Two if I..."
"LA LA LA LA! TMI!!"
"Sorry. Hey! You started the trash talk Feathers."
"Feathers?" She giggled, "Oh my God, Tom! How many nicknames are we going to have for each other?"
"All in good fun Heidi."
"I know. It is cute. All good Catnip."
"Hey now! You tasted my catnip." He laughed.
"Don't remind me." She grimaces then steals his beer to gargle a second time. Wagging her tongue with a gross expression she points his direction, "Read yours."
Opening his fortune he nods, "Man running through Airport turnstile going to Bangkok."
"It doesn't really say that does it?"
"No! It's an old Confucius joke I read once. Bang Cock? He points at his tent.
"Ohhhhh shit!" She busts up laughing. "That's fucking hilarious."
"Man who stand on toilet is high on pot." He adds another proverb. She couldn't stop laughing. "Woman who stands on toilet has crack up." She didn't get that one. ""Passionate kiss like spider's web, soon lead to undoing of fly."
"Oh my God! Stop before I pee. What's yours really say?"
Looking at it again for real this time he pauses, "Life is short. Take time to smell the flowers." A shrug later he adds, "Nothing to be superstitious over in that one."
Her jaw drops and she shivers, "I wouldn't be too sure about that."
"Meaning what?" He poised an eye brow high.
"Nothing." She turns away shyly.
"Don't leave me hanging here. What's that all about?"
"FINE!" She pats her heart nervously, "I believe in fortune tellers. That one hit close to home is all."
"Annnnd?" He reacts with inquiry.
"I'll show you my tattoo so you might see my point. Just...don't...well smell it." She sighs trying not to laugh. Standing up in front of him she lifts her shirt past her belly button and uses her mouth to hold the length of it, in order for it not to hide her body. With her mouth full she mumbles, "Ready?"
"As I'll ever be." He studies her flat milky tummy with the most amazing sunken button. Nervously she uses both hands to roll the waistband of her leggings down into her pubic area. Suddenly a cute but tiny sunflower appears rising out of her thin strip of fur, very near her clit. She whimpered faintly at exposing it.
"Wow! That's...beautiful. Now I really do wanna smell it." He grins with a wink.
"Ugh!" She rolls her eyes, "Get it over with."
"Seriously?" He looked with shock. Closing her eyes she awaited him to do just that. Shrugging at the option given he ran with it and teased her lower belly with the tip of his nose and inhaled, he then exhaled warmly over the flower. That was it. Heidi released her teeth and the shirt fell back into place. She steps back quickly and continued blushing. "You okay there?"
"I'll live...a lil." She giggled huffing. "Felt a bit tingly there. We have to chill out on this crap."
"I agree. Not helping me one damned bit."
"Do something about that damned thing already." She sat back down fanning herself.
"Want me to go to my room?"
"You...don't have to, just don't...don't show it. Maybe just stroke it with your hand under your sweats. I'll turn the other way."
"I can try, sweats aren't loose though. Can I take my shirt off to be more relaxed?"
"Oh my God! You ask a lot." She waves a hand allowing it. In response he lifts his Seahawk tee up over his head and throws it at her. She growls and removes it from her shoulder. "Hurry it up."
"You don't have to sit here. You can just as easily go to your room." He laughs.
"Y'know what? I'm going to miss my bus anyway I'm just going to stay the night...in my own room." She sneers pointing at him as his fingers slither under his waistband and encircle his cock. She tries to look away but finds curiosity drawing glances. He knew it. Zach Pedigo watched her every reaction. It was priceless.
"So who did your tattoo that close to the Garden of Eden?" He jerked slowly trying to keep her from getting too uncomfortable.
"Promise not to think badly of me?" She turns her gaze to look toward the TV.
"As long as you don't think badly of my doing what you suggested I do."
"I'm good. You needed to deal with that. If we're going to be roommates I suppose we need to get used to one another's habits."
"I agree."
"My stepdad is a tattooist. He has his own parlor. I was stupid enough to let him get my pants off. Not sexually, just for the tattoo. I wanted something crazy and we decided on that."
"No offense, but I bet he got as hard as I am right now."
"Shut up." She laughs, "Yeah, he did. He's been wanting to pierce my clit too."
"No shit?"
"Yeah, but that's a bit much letting him get that close." She was fire red.
"I can picture it that's good enough for me."
"Great! Now you're picturing me naked."
"Truth? I stripped you nude in my mind when you first showed up at my front door."
"I figured as much. Hurry up already."
"I told you it's not easy when the sweats are tight."
"Who wears tight sweats?"
"I work out Heidi. Old sweats don't shrink to accommodate new muscle."
"Dammit! Pull them down." She totally turns her back to him this time. Smirking devilishly he just took the sweats completely off and tossed them over her head. She busted up laughing and ripped them from her scalp. "Fuck you Tom." She poises a finger over her shoulder flipping him off, "Not an offer."
"Now I've got room to work."
"I can't believe I'm letting you do this."
"Me neither. Thanks though." His rhythm was stepping up, knuckles racing to get the job done. "Fuck this feels good."
"You don't have to vocalize it." She laughs.
"My side of the apartment. My rules." He chuckled, "It's nice and purple right now." He tormented her. "So earlier today...?"
"What about it?"
"You mentioned having bad habits. Sleepwalking and all."
"Yeah! I never know when that shit happens. Everyone has caught me at one time or another. Mom found me in the kitchen holding the refrigerator door open at 4 A.M. Kayla came home from a date last year and found me in my bra and panties in the hallway. Luckily nobody in the complex caught me. When I was younger...not saying my age I...better quit while I'm ahead."
"Tell me." He moaned a bit, she could hear how gruff his hand was being.
"Mom was at work. Kayla and Pete were asleep. Pete's my stepdad. He woke up to go to the restroom and found me naked in his bedroom at the foot of his bed. Just standing there all stalker crazy like. I didn't know what I was doing at all. He took me back to my own bed."
"Sure he didn't paw you up before that?"
"I hope not." She sighed. "Getting close Tom?"
"Feeling the build up. Gonna be noisy when I unload."
"I'm loud too. Don't panic if you get woke up from hearing me scream."
"Looking forward to it."
"SHUT UP!" She shook her head laughing, holding her palms over her face.
"You mind passing me some of those napkins on the coffee table? Gonna be really messy."
Hesitantly, she lowers her hands and eyes the coffee table with her peripheral vision. Standing up she backed toward the table, brushing up against his leg. She shivered at the proximity but found the napkins and reached behind her to hand them to him.
"Thanks." He breaths heavily, huffing and groaning a bit. She sat down again but this time closed her eyes and faced him. Not once did she peek. Feeling mischievous she blindly reached out and rubbed his leg. Her touch made him crease a brow.
"Don't read into it Tom. Just offering inspiration."
"Little more to your right." He laughed and moaned at the same time. She actually moved a bit higher up his thigh just for the hell of it. The vibrations over his flesh made her tremble. "Little more."
"Come on Tom. I'm not going any further than this." She slips her knuckles inwardly on his thigh slightly until she feels his balls crush over her fingers. "SHIT!" She squeezes her eyes even tighter and doesn't move. "Not what I had planned Tom."
He pants heavily and she feels his strength increasing, rapid thrusts of his fist pumping up and down gave her goosebumps. Each time his hand came crashing down his ball sack tightened over two fingers. She bit her lip at the sensations.
"So close." He mumbles as she couldn't handle it any further, removing her hand she again turns her back to him just as he nuts really hard, cum shooting high, falling over his lap and her hand. Deafening grunts made her tense up. Without a word Heidi Baker stands up and shuffles away to her bedroom, he did notice she didn't wipe her hand off. Zach finishes his guttural exhaustion then calls out, "Heidi?"
"Goodnight Tom."
"Are you okay?"
"I will be." He hears her soft reply.
Cleaning himself off with the napkins he stands to stretch, then retrieve his sweatpants. Pulling them on he discards his napkins in the trash and washes his hands at the kitchen sink. Worried, he lingers just long enough to put their leftover Chinese food in the fridge. From there he steps into the hallway, realizing her bedroom door was wide open, but her room was smothered in pitch black darkness.
"Did I upset you? If so, I'm really sorry." He stands in her doorway, barely visible to her in the living room light that was still on.
"No." She sobs making his heart sink, "What's wrong then?"
Silence for two minutes led him to shut the living room light out and head to his room in the darkness. At his door something stops him, and he listens intently. Buzzing noises brightened his eyes. She was using her vibrator. It was obvious that he had turned her on enough to isolate herself and take care of her own needs. Still, her door was wide open. Was that a hint? Surely not.
"Night Heidi." He called out.
"Tom?"
"Yeah?"
"Stand guard at my door. New place and all."
"Afraid of that cookie monster?"
"Yes." Light moans follow her affirmation.
"I'll be right here until you fall asleep."
"Promise?"
"No more lies."
"Tom?"
"Still here."
"I'm...glad you lied to me."
"To get you to move in?"
"Yes." More moans.
"Not too late to hit up ole' Herman?"
"Noooooooooo!" She squeals a bit.
"Maybe he's the cookie monster."
"Save me."
"Pussy feeling good?"
"God yes."
"Need that flower watered?"
"Nooooooooo!" She lets out a laugh.
"Why didn't you close your bedroom door?"
"Establishing a trust."
"Barrier is this threshold."
"Thanks Old Man."
"An old guy that got you worked up." He chuckled.
"Tom?"
"Again, still here."
"Can I totally trust you?"
"Depends on what we're talking about."
"I want us to be really good friends...without...going too far."
"As in all the way?"
"Right."
"Just...really close?"
"Maybe. Can we agree not to take things all the way?"
He puffs his cheeks imagining just that, going all the way with this cute little blond bombshell. Taking time to think about this she moans even harder. Light squeals escape her throat. The more he ignored giving her an answer the more she moaned. What was this about?
"Can we agree Tom?"
"Still thinking."
"TOOOOOOOOMMMMMMM!" She stretches out her whimpering.
"Taking my sweats back off."
"Why?" She pauses.
"Standing guard with my dick in my hand."
She wiggles all over her bedding as her toy destroys her G-spot. In seconds she squirts all around her vibrator before crying out, "Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes."
"Heidi?"
"Yeah?" She pants
"You make my dick really hard."
"Already knew that."
"You want nothing but honesty out of me right?"
"Yes. Lies only make things difficult on everyone."
"My dick will always be hard as long as you live here."
"Your home too. I can't stop that."
"Sooner or later you're going to see me jack off, looking right at it."
She goes quiet as her buzzing stops. As if resorting to his earlier thoughts she remains quiet, listening to him groan under his breath. Finally she opens back up.
"I guess you really are a perv."
"Want that check back?"
"No."
"Can you accept watching me jack off?"
"Can my sister watch?" She laughs.
"Absolutely."
"Can we reach that goal slowly? I'm open, but not on our first day. It was close enough as it was. You...shot jizz on my hand."
"I'm fine by that. The slow part, sorry I shot you. Just informing you I don't want to hide it."
"As long as that's as far as you go."
"I can deal with that. It's...been awhile since...well, anything." Not totally true.
"Can you live with seeing me in my undies every day?"
"Do you really need to ask that?" He chuckles yet again, this time rolling his eyes. "Truth?"
"Yep."
"Go naked."
"Once I fully trust you I can."
"Test me."
"What do you mean?"
"Test my trustworthiness."
"Now?"
"Yeah."
"Ummm! Okay. Take three steps into my room."
He takes his three strides forward into the unknown. He had a rough recollection of where her bedding was laid out. If she was on it then he was less than three feet from her. "I'm in."
"So are my fingers." She sighed, "Let's masturbate together in the dark. I trust you not to go further than you are right now."
"Fair enough."
"FAR ENOUGH." She laughed.
"That too. I liked your tongue on my cock earlier."
"Your sweats, not your cock."
"Might as well have been. I felt your tongue."
"I felt your fucking cock too. Shut up Old Man."
"Honesty out of you too, right?"
"Always."
"You had fun doing that didn't you?"
"Chasing the noodle? Yeeeeeaaaaaaah! Can you just zip it and moan with me?"
"Might shoot cum on you." He grins.
"You did that earlier. Try not to."
"Are you under your blanket?"
"Nope. Right on top."
"Nude?"
"Totally."
"Dammmmmn! How close to me are you?"
She extends her left foot and rubs her toes over his shin. "That close I guess."
"Ohhhh fuck! That just sent the blood to my crown."
"Cum for me Tom."
"Cum for me Dove."
It became a duel of moans, he hearing squishy noises of a really wet pussy, she thriving on his grunts and verbal caresses. Minutes pass before Heidi squirts a second round and begins convulsing on her sheet. As she let her hands roam her body in ecstasy, Zach detonates a massive round of jizz, firing blindly.
"SHIT!" She exhales, "You got me."
"More to cum gorgeous." He hits another cylinder of liquid heat. Droplets pelting her chest in the darkness.
"STOOOOOOP!" She laughs, "That's soooo wrong. Go to bed."
"Fuck that was amazing."
"I have to work in the morning. Setting my cell alarm, but if I don't get up by 7:00 wake me up. I'm going to be dressed so don't get any ideas."
"I meant what I said. You can trust me, but I might walk naked in front of you."
"Can I sleep now?"
"Sure. Night Dove."
"Night Grampa."
Shaking his head Zach Pedigo went to his bedroom, but like her left his door open. Maybe she might sleepwalk into his room and climb in bed with him, he thought hopefully. As he settled into bed fondling himself still, he heard that annoying buzz again.
"Looks like she's as turned on by me, as I am of her. She's going to come around to me, I just know it. I'll be patient."
One last round of shrill whines Heidi Baker falls silent, as does her vibrator. Exhausted she had forgotten that she was still wearing Zach's cum. Truth be known, Heidi Baker loved cum on her flesh. A fetish for another time. Yep! She didn't lie. Snored like a freight train on uneven tracks.
"I'll show her Old Man."
Fantasy worn off for one night, Zach joined her in slumber. From his room, not hers.
Amtrak trains passing one another in the night.
========================
Coming soon : Be My Guest 2 : paRENTAL advisory