Author's Note: More than anything else, this part of the story is about friends coming into their sexual awakenings. And other decisions and discoveries. And being naked and nakedly honest. Yes, in a general way, I have an idea as to where this is probably going, but the details haven't emerged in my own mind until I start to write. Your comments are more than welcome, as are suggestions, But know, this story is pretty much writing itself as I go along. It's a slow burn. The world, its places, and all the characters are fictitious. Everyone's over eighteen. Most everyone's nude as much as possible, including me. So, unless you're reading at the office or while on public transportation, why not strip off and join us? Enjoy!
***************
The sun was already high into late morning when I woke up on Sunday. I was alone in the hammock and I could hear Pete and Marcie and Scooter talking inside. I rolled out and groggily trundled into the house, into the kitchen, hoping to find coffee left. I was in luck. Sort of. Marcie poured and handed me half a cup, the last of the pot. "I'll brew some more in a minute," she said. Her eyes immediately dropped to my raging morning manhood sticking up. She then turned her gaze on Pete with his happily hanging five inches.
"Mmm. Sometime I'd like to see the two of these up at the same time," she mused. "A side by side comparison. Nothing kinky, mind you. Just to satisfy my curiosity."
"So..." Pete asked wryly... "a purely scientific interest?"
"Exactly!" she answered.
Scooter didn't say anything, which surprised me. She glanced at me, looked down at my erection with a bare hint of a smile, then her face transitioned to blank. Distracted. She took her coffee and walked out onto the porch. I wasn't awake enough yet to wonder too hard. I drained my cup and put it down, looking longingly at the coffee maker. It was just beginning to brew.
I sighed and laid claim to the bathroom. In the shower, I washed up first, then turned my attention to my cock. I didn't intend to linger, but did let my mind wander as I enjoyed the slow easy strokes. Just as I started to feel the tingling build between my balls and my asshole, the bathroom door opened and closed.
"It's me," Marcie said. "I tried to wait but I desperately need to pee." She dropped immediately onto the toilet, letting go a stream. "Sorry...but not really." She just sat there watching intently. I looked at her there looking back at me, my fingers wrapped around my cock. "Carry on..." she said.
"OK," I thought. "Maybe..." I stroked myself. Haltingly. Once. Twice. I pulled back on the skin of my shaft with one hand, tightly retracting what was left of my foreskin and leaving another three inches exposed, as well as my almost painfully engorged glans. I hesitated again, shooting a glance in her direction. I froze. I wasn't sure how much detail she could see through the steamy glass of the shower door.
"You know," she said matter of factly as she wiped herself, "I think you're a little longer than Petey. You curve up a little more too. That's nice. And when you're crazy hard, like now, your head is a lot bigger. Like the top of a mushroom. But the base of Pete's cock looks quite a bit thicker hard." She paused. Thinking. "Some day, when I decide I'm ready, I'd like to find out how different each of you might feel inside of me. I already told Petey. And Laurel. You're going to be my firsts."
My dick literally jumped at that. Growing harder yet. I sucked in a breath. "You're crazy, you know that?" I said, tentatively soaping my hands.
"Mmmm hmmm..." she hummed, not getting up. Her own hand was back between her legs, moving slightly. "Don't be shy...I've seen you cum before..." she whispered. "...and I thought I'd return the favor. Mmmmmmmm. I...hunnh...I interrupted you and I thought this would maybe help. Nnnnggggg..." Her spine arched backward, thrusting her tits out. Those adorable nipples I find so distracting were standing up firm and displaying their dimpled tips. "I won't...huuuu...be long," she whispered again. "Cum with me...aaahhh. Please...huh. Mmmm. It's OK. Just something...uuh...uuh...something between...oh...good friends. Hmmmmm. Nnnngggg."
I started stroking again in earnest. My brain switched off. I was too far gone to even want to want to stop. We watched each other jerking off. Neither one of us looking away. I kept my eyes on hers as we both began to lose track of our breathing. One of her hands slid up her body, over a breast. Her thumb and finger closed on nipple and squeezed. She spasmed. My body jerked, my abs contracting, and I splattered the glass and the wall.
A tiny smile crossed her lips and she kept her eyes on mine while a rapid series of shudders pulsed through her body. She doubled almost in half. "AAAAaaaannnnnnnggggghhhhhh..." Her knees clamped together tightly. I don't know how long we looked at each other before our breathing steadied, but finally her eyes broke contact with mine, drifting south to my softening member. "Thank you. That was reeaaalllyyy nice..." she softly said as she rose, then left, closing the door behind her.
I rinsed down the glass, the wall, and myself. I stood for a while and let the water pound me. I don't really remember turning off the water. Or even using a towell. Shortly though, dry enough to not drip on the rugs, I wandered out and into the kitchen, got more coffee, and headed outside. Pete was on the deck, nursing a cup of his own and packing a bowl. I joined him.
"Sorry about that," he said with a chuckle, pointing his thumb back toward the house. "I tried to stop her. I swear. But Scoot kept egging her on. And she really did need to pee." He lit up, took a draw off the pipe and handed it off to me. Lost in thought, I stared at it for almost a minute, processing, before it dawned on me to respond.
"Oh...sorry. No problem. It's cool," I told him, taking a draw myself and handing it back. "But what about you? Are you cool with...you know...the way she..."
"Hey, no worries. I'm more than cool. You should know that. Marcie and I are just friends. And not like Karla's "friend zone" friends. That's bullshit. Marcie's a friend friend. Family. Always has been. Yeah...we're close friends who...well...play. And she listened and helped me talk through the Karla crap and all. But we're not a thing." He took another deep pull on the pipe. The mellow visibly settled over his body. He laughed. "Marcie is Marcie, dude. She always has been. Sure. Lately, we play. But neither one of us wants to be anything more...complicated. If she wants to play with you too, I'm solid." He fell silent briefly. His eyes seemed to wander...searching. Puzzling something out. Coming to rest on some point in the far distance. "To tell you the truth, I'm thinking about asking Kelly out. I can't get her out of my mind. She's a serious cutie."
"So? Do it," I said. " You could even invite her out the quarry if you want. I think she'd fit right in."
"I'm sure," he agreed. "That's not such a bad idea. Start out slow. Ease into asking her out for a one on one. You know? I mean Scooter's already got her contact numbers pinned to the bulletin board. At Dean's and at the store."
I relit the pipe and hit it. I was enjoying talking with Pete like this. We were tight, but it had been a bit. "Yeah," I mused, "I guess I get it. Kelly seems sweet. And for me, I get it. I mean, I get that Marcie's Marcie. And Scoot confuses me sometimes but Scoot's Scoot too. But she's my cousin, so I'm still a little weirded out by some of the stuff that's been happening, but..."
"Don't overthink it, dude," he said. "Scoot's Scoot but right now she's a lot like Marcie too. More than you realize. She's...like...going through some stuff. Figuring stuff out. Kinda discovering who she is or something. I don't get it either. I just love her and give her space to do her. You guys are close. I don't think that's ever gonna change. And I don't think you'd ever hurt each other."
"You're probably right. But still...I...we...I mean...I'd never really got so hot and heavy with anybody before that night at the quarry last month. The six of us...after that gig south of Jackson. It's like something shifted."
"It's strange that you say that..." He looked off to the distance again. Pondering. "It's almost like somebody flipped a switch or something. Like this part of me woke up. Like...well...I don't really talk about this kind of stuff with anybody but you. And the guys at school are always bragging about what they've done with this or that girl...but I haven't. Not like with Karla...and then lately with Marcie. It's not like I haven't dated or kissed or played. You know? But this has been different. And all of a sudden. And Scooter's feeling a lot the same way I think. And so are you."
"I think I know what you mean," I told him. "But before Bobbi and I...I'd never...and then Scoot...and then Marcie...I don't know..."
"Like I said, dude. Don't overthink it. It's been a crazy month."
We passed the bowl back and forth a couple more times. Watched the boats on the river. Talked about getting together with Izzy and Frank and breaking open the Greyhawk Wars. Suddenly, there was loud whoop of laughter from down by the river. We both looked. Scooter and Marcie were out on the end of the dock. Talking and laughing and looking back up toward us.
"What do you think that's about?" I asked.
"If I had to guess, I'd say they're probably discussing dicks," he said. "They both seem a little obsessed. They were talking about yours and mine in the kitchen again just now. How long. How thick. And on the way down there, Scoot said if they were gonna compare side by sides, they needed to figure out some way to get Sal and Oscar involved. I think they've both been dreaming about Oscar. It's crazy. They're crazy."
"I know, right?" I nodded. "I told Marcie that this morning. She just smiled. I think she likes crazy. And it's not like they've never seen a dick before. We all grew up around each other in all over skin."
"You gotta admit though, dude, that guy is massive. They can't stop talking about him."
"I guess it makes sense," I said. "He seems like a great guy and all. But I don't think I've ever seen anything that big...on a human being. Maybe out at the farm..."
"Yeah, on Brody or Bull..." he cut in, cracking himself up. Being around the farm all our lives, we had all seen Brody and Bull in action countless times. They're shameless. Bull is an actual bull. A Guernsey. I raised him from a calf. 1100 lbs and very well endowed. Brody's my mother's Palomino stallion, just over fifteen hands high (that's five feet at the withers). 1230 lbs. And he's hung like a...well...you know.
***************
It was just about noon when Scooter and Marcie joined us on the deck. They continued teasing us with their "scientific" discussion of dicks as they helped themselves to Pete's herb. Then they got hungry. Then we got hungry. None of us had done breakfast yet. We went in and checked the fridge. It was bleak.
"Nugent's," Scoot stated, definitively.
"Steak and scrambled eggs," Pete added, "with oyster mushrooms."
We all quickly grabbed what we needed and stuffed it into the same oversized cloth shopping bag that Kelly had stashed our clothes in the night before. Boat traffic was fairly heavy, but we still rode most of the way in the nude. Our river. Our rules. Nobody seemed to mind. Just before the marina came into view, we pulled over toward shore. We idled the engine and finally got presentably dressed. Sort of. You can tie up at Nugent's pier below the deck if there's room, or along the marina's protective breakwater wall nearby, if you don't mind walking. If you eat outside on the deck, beachwear and such is fine.
Pete and I each pulled on cargo shorts. Nice ones the girls had insisted on choosing. Scooter then dug around in the bag and came up with two really unique white stone and shell necklaces she had made in an art class at school. She fastened one around my neck. Marcie did Pete. They looked us over. Fluffed and ruffled our hair.
"There," Scooter said. "Now you don't look like you just climbed out of bed...or a hammock. Still cajzh, but almost nakedly classy. I like the white shells against your tans too. Mmmmm."
"Yeah, mmmmmm" Marcie teased. "Sorta sexy surf bum chic." Pete rolled his eyes at her and sighed.
Marcie and Scoot got a bit more creative, opting to tie on these matching "wrap" things around their waists. Well...their hips. Well...their pussies and asses were covered. Mostly. Each had a generous part one butt cheek and the side of one leg completely exposed all the way to the knot, tied low, that held the thing together. I could not for the life of me understand how the nearly but not quite sheer fabric, what there was of it, stayed in place. I suspected sorcery.
Deck rules at Nugent's allowed for Pete and I to go shirtless. We did. Marcie and Scoot came as close as they could. Each wore a miniscule bikini top that consisted of strings and a pair of three by three inch triangles of fabric that covered their nipples and areolae. If they didn't suddenly move. Marcie's was white. Scooter's green. All other real estate north of the flora print haze of a wrap down below was open for viewing. And noticably absent of tan lines.
Their fiendish plan worked like a charm. Pete assumed captaincy. I took the mate's chair. Scooter stood at the bow and Marcie was aft, a slight breeze being just enough to cause their wraps to lightly flap and dance, showing more of what wasn't being worn underneath. Each was holding a line and ready to jump as we coasted up to the pier. As expected, the jump never needed to happen. No less than six guys each swarmed the edge near the fore and aft ends of the boat, vying for the privilege of tying us off and assisting the girls in their disembarkation. Pete and I scrambled off on our own, laughing.
The guys' disappointment was clear when Scooter wrapped her arm around my waist and Marcie slid an affectionate hand down Pete's back, coming to rest on his ass. They politely disbursed, going back to their tables...some to rejoin now frowning dates of their own. I surveyed the deck in search of an open spot. Another arm slipped around my waist.
"Great minds..." Sharon said with a grin. "Join us? Otherwise you'll be waiting an hour."
"Great steak and eggs with mushrooms," Pete said, grinning back. "Where are you sitting?"
"Over there," she pointed, standing on tip toe and stretching her arm up to indicate a place on the far side from where we were standing. Robb and my mother and father waved. The stretch almost managed to ease Sharon's very ample cleavage out of her own barely there bikini top. Her wonderfully fleshy globes shifted, exposing the edge of one dark brown circle. I'm sure that I wasn't the only guy watching that noticed...or noticed the not so shy manner in which she pulled the tiny cloth triangle out and away, exposing the nipple and all for a lingering second or two before adjusting it back to its proper position.
"Great outfit," Scoot chuckled. "I see you got my telepathic memo." That made us all laugh, but in the back of my mind, I wondered. Was it really a joke? Comments like that always make me wonder. Our family's women seem scary connected sometimes.
Sharon was "dressed" in almost exactly the same way as Marcie and Scoot. A nearly insubstantial royal blue bikini top that covered only what needed to be, allowing the rest her breasts to happily spill in every direction. And a matching blue "wrap" that was more of a fog than a fabric, tied the same way as the girls.
"So you got it to work," she said, appraising the knot at her daughter's hip.
"Just like you showed me," Scoot said, doing a proud little spin. "I did Marcie's too. I hope they stay tied."
Sharon checked Marcie's knot. "It's perfect," she said. "You and Laurel look lovely! Now, follow me."
I think the eyes of every male out there followed the three of them, winding their way through the tables and across the deck. Even more so when my lovely gregarious mother...wearing the same thing, but in purple...stood up beaming and beckoned us to their table. Her supple D cup breasts shifted and rippled as she waved, straining against the strings and triangles of her own top.
I had to admit, the view was amazing and all four women seemed to enjoy the attention, three of them smiling demurely and throwing a lot of deliberate sway into each slow step. Pete laughed and shook his head as we followed. "It's too bad our family's so shy and reserved," he said to me. "They'd be so much more fun if they could just learn to come out of their shells."
Robb and Sharon are very regular regulars, so the hostess had seated them even though a six top table was all that was open. By the time we reached them, one of the bus guys had already brought out another two chairs. It was tight with eight, but it worked. My dad and my uncle were decked out in light weight white summer chinos and two of the loudest Hawaaian shirts ever made on the planet. All in all, the eight of us weren't exactly the most inconspicuous party at Nugent's that afternoon.
We ordered our food and Robb offered to order us beers. Pete asked for a Leiney, which prompted my dad to call him a Philistine. Which led us to tell them about trip to Toledo and the award and the naked presentation and Magic tournament. The food arrived and was amazing as always. Conversation was light. A lot of joking. Their previous day on the big lake had been perfect, which I was glad to hear. My dad was going in again for a treatment the following Wednesday, which always took a lot out of him. He looked great sitting there, but I knew he was going to have a couple tough weeks ahead.
Robb insisted on paying bill for us all as we finished our beers. Then, again, every male eye in the place was on us as our four ladies stood and wound their way toward the exit together, more than passingly aware of the looks they were getting.
We walked our parents out to the Cordoba, then ambled back down to the pier and the boat. Pete climbed aboard and fired up the engine. I held the side rail while Marcie and Scoot got the lines. They made sure to face away from the restaurant deck, and carefully bent at the waist while they worked, giving the maximum show. They also "struggled" as I helped them aboard, stretching far more than needed. Pete gunned the engine as soon as I boarded and a few of the girls' admirers actually cheered. Their tops were already off, and with little more than a magical flick of the wrist, the knots at their hips released and their wraps hit the deck as we sped away.
***************
Motoring back to the river house, all of us were oddly quiet. Part of it may have been the residual herb and the beers with lunch, but I think it was more than that. Marcie was stretched out up on the bow, eyes closed, tit up, legs slightly apart, relaxed and soaking in rays from the afternoon sun. Pete was playing captain, putting along at less than half throttle and hugging the shore, watching for loons or turtles sunning themselves on this or that random log. Scooter was half curled up on the cushioned built-in bench across from me in the far aft area. Watching my face. Obviously curious. The gentle rise and fall of the boat caused the sunlight to play across her darkly tan skin, creating hide and seek shadows along her legs, her hips, her tummy, her breasts, her face, as she nested, getting more comfortable.
I was thinking back to our 'brunch'. Not really analyzing, but savoring. Loved ones. Laughter. Cherishing. Thinking, but not really thinking. Letting myself be carried along in the flow. Hoping that later...maybe...I might in some way be able to capture a hint of it all in writing. And...looking back, I have to admit...steeling myself for the week to come.
The only real "business" we talked over 'brunch' was reviewing schedules for the next few days. It didn't take long. It was the same every time my dad went in for treatment. Every six to eight weeks. I knew what was coming. Friends who know me well don't question why I disappear for those same several days every six to eight weeks. Unlike aquaintances, with their own agendas, who want my time when they want it and try to convince me that I need to 'grow up and break free' or some other bullshit. Some even pretend to be concerned about how 'hard' it seems on me. But they don't get it. It's not 'hard' for me. I don't think about it like that. I can't. It just is. It's about love. It's about family. It's about what family does. And that comes first.
My mom never took to driving the freeways or interstates. They freak her out. And my dad is in no shape to drive at all after two days of chemo and radiation. So...I'm the driver. It is what it is. During those times, it's just what I do.
My folks were heading back to the farm that night. I would head back in the morning and spend the day taking care of anything Herbie had missed. On Tuesday, I'd drive them out to New York. We'd check in at the Travel Haven in Rochester. Grab a bite to eat at the Clam Shak. Early Wednesday morning, dad gets admitted for his two day regimen. I'll trade back and forth with mom, sleeping in shifts at the motel and going for food. At least one of us always stays with him there in his hospital room. Talking, watching TV, reading. Or just simply being there. Sometimes the treatments are brutal. On Friday morning, dad should be able to be released and I'll drive us all home. Unless things happen to have been particularly brutal, in which case we'll probably stop for the night at the Travel Haven in Erie, Pennsylvania and finish the trip the next day.
While we're gone this time, Sharon and Scooter are planning to stay at the farm. Checking on Herbie and making a dent in the canning. Mainly carrots, beans, tomatoes and peaches. If they have time, they might even get some peas and corn in the freezer. And some freezer jam. They'll probably get there on Wednesday and stay at least until we get back. Just to see what we need.
I don't remember falling asleep in the afternoon sun as my mind floated. Feeling the breeze and the rays on my skin. The background sound of the engine droning hypnotically. Baking in warm as it is-ness and feeling strangely safe under Scoot's watchful eye. I vaguely remember smiling in my heart thinking, "It's gonna be alright. This is famiIy...", but I don't remember when I discarded my shorts.
***************
The boat was already tied up at the river house dock when Scooter softly kissed my cheek awake. She smiled and said nothing, mildly amused at what must have been my expression, as I grappled, confused, with what time and day it might be. At some point, I had slumped onto my side on the back bench cushion and drifted off half curled and twisted. My body told me I was about to regret that position. I sat up and stretched, loudly cracking a kink in my neck. Arching my back produced another couple of pops. My surroundings and world and life and the universe and such slowly came into focus. For some inane reason unrelated to anything useful, the number 42 popped into my mind. I grinned at my own inner joke and mentally told all the porpoises out there listening, "You're welcome."
Finally, I settled on fully sitting up. Sort of. Feet on the deck. Legs apart. Leaning forward, I rested my elbows on my knees a practiced a bit of breathing.
Scooter was sitting on the boat deck directly in front of me, almost between my feet, in her uniquely typical Scooterish naked lotus position. Watching. Almost studying. Patiently waiting for me to come fully back from wherever I'd been. Once satisfied, she smiled.
"Hi," she said.
"Hi back," I replied. "What time is it?"
"Almost four. You were dead to the world so we didn't disturb you. You looked so serious." She reached up and gently traced her fingers across my forehead. "Like now. You're frowning at the world. You'll get wrinkles."
"I've got a lot on my mind...a lot of things to sort out..."
Her hands moved down to the sides of my neck, pressing. Massaging. Leaning toward me like that, her breast pressed against my shin. "I know," she said. "You were dreaming about it. Did you know you talk in your sleep?"
"About what?" I asked.
"I couldn't tell. I only heard half of the conversation." One of her hands drifted down to the top of my thigh. The other caressed my shoulder, then down across my chest. "Don't worry. It wasn't anything bad, from what I could make out. And I'd never tell anyone else about it anyway."
"What you could make out? What was I saying?"
"Nothing much. Really. Just bits and snippets. Like, I think you were filling the tank and checking the oil on your mom's station wagon. Then you and Sal were arguing over a lyric. Then pretty much just names, like you were talking to a bunch of people at once. Me. Petey. Sal. Your mom. Bobbi. Marcie. Kelly. Herbie..." She paused and appeared to be thinking. Hesitating to reveal how much of my inner thoughts she'd actually heard. "...but mostly Bobbi and Marcie and me..." She looked down. Embarassed?
"Yeah, the three of you have been on my mind a lot lately. Pete and I talked some about it this morning. He says I'm overthinking things, but I don't know. To be honest, I don't know what I think. I mean, Bobbi's the first girl I really ever...you know...did anything sexual with. The first one who ever...touched me...like that. Or wanted me to touch her. She's the first one I ever went down on. The first who ever used her mouth on me. You know. Like that. You watched us that night in the barn."
"I know," she said looking deeply into my eyes, the hand on my thigh beginning to lightly stroke.
"I really like her, Scoot, but she confuses me."
"Jamie," she sighed, shifting and wrapping both arms around my leg. "Bobbi is one of my very best friends. We talk about everything. We've even talked about you. I love her and I love you. And I don't want to see either one of you get hurt. Not like Karla hurt Pete. Or worse. And you need to know that Bobbi is complicated. With her crazy family, how could she not be?"
"She told me she loves me," I said. "I'm not sure I know what to do with that. I love her too, but I'm not 'in love'..."
"Exactly, she said. "And I don't believe that Bobbi's 'in love' with you either. She's in love with our family, and family family. She's never experienced anything like it."
"So, do you think Petey's right?" I asked. "About my overthinking some of this stuff?"
"Compared to Petey, you overthink everything. That's what you do. But he may have a point. I've been around you guys and family in all over skin all my life. Casual skin and casual contact. Naked hugs and cuddles. But I never touched a guy in a deeply sexual way before Sal. And then you. Pete's the same way. Marcie too, I think."
"It's like so much is happening so fast..." I started.
"I know, right?" she giggled. "It's like somebody put something into the water here, or out at the quarry, and bam! All of a sudden I'm touching and being touched and playing and watching other people play and being watched and loving it and freaking out about it all at the same time."
"That's how I feel," I said.
"I think that's how we all feel. And it's even harder for Bobbi. She'd never even seen a real live naked guy before that night at the quarry. She'd never just sat around with naked friends or skinny dipped or played like a kid. Throw in touching and kissing and the hotter stuff? I think it's all so new and intense for all of us. That's why it feels so confusing."
Neither one of spoke for a bit. We just looked into each other's faces. Her hand had continued, almost on its own, stroking feather touches up and down my inner thigh coming closer and closer to my cock. We both looked down as she ran her fingers over my balls. She stopped. It was like we had both just then consciously realized she was doing it. "I love you," she said. "And I love touching you. But I wonder..." she let her voice trail off.
"Me too..." I said. "You wonder if maybe we should back off a little? The two of us?"
"Mmm Hmm." She went back to hugging my leg. "If things were different...but...I don't know. If they were, maybe you wouldn't be you or I wouldn't be me. And I wouldn't want that. So let's back off and have one less thing to confuse us. But this is still OK, right? I don't think I can ever give up cuddling with you."
"Me either," I said. "So, I guess we're still good?"
"We're good. And I'm good with whatever as far as you and Bobbi, but Petey's right. Don't overthink it. Or Marcie. I mean, Marcie's Marcie and she's had a case on you and Petey both since grade school."
"I know," I said. "And I love her too. She's sweet. But confusing as hell. Pete says they're just friends and and don't want to be anything more. He's giving serious thought to asking out Kelly."
"Kelly's a hoot," she smiled. "I think they'd be great together. And Marcie wouldn't care. She's...how did you put it?...ambidexterously amorous. Maybe I'll try that out. What would you think if I made a run at Oscar?"
"Fine. You seem to have a weakness for big hulking brutes."
"What's your weakness?" she laughed, digging a finger into my ribs. A severely ticklish spot. I pushed her off and away and stood up.
"Food. I'm hungry again, so food is my weakness right now."
"Ooo,Ooo, I just remembered something else from your dream. You also mentioned something called a clamburger."
"That one makes sense, for sure," I told her laughing. "Every time we go to Rochester, we always go the same place our first night there. The Clam Shak. My dad and I always order the same sandwich. It's sort like a crab cake, but with a half pound of chopped clam and less breading. It's huge and fried and served on a toasted bun with lettuce and tomato and slathered in mayo dill relish."
"That sounds disgusting and amazing at the same time," she said. "Now I'm hungry too. Come on. I think there are leftovers left from brunch."
***************
Scooter and I had the house to ourselves for most of the rest of the day. Pete and Marcie had gone to get groceries for both houses. They said they were planning a movie and pizza night after, at Marcie's place. Maurice and Miss Betty weren't expected back before midnight.
Scooter dug out all the leftovers she could find, along with half a bag of month old taco chips and some cheddar flavored cheese like substance in a pressurized can. We smoked a bowl, opened two beers and put some cool jazz on the stereo. I spent the rest of the afternoon and most of the evening snacking and writing. Trying to let myself float back and capture that hint of the day. Its elusive flavor. She tried to call Bobbi a couple times. No answer. No machine. She spent the rest of the time snacking and reading magazines and stealing glimpses of what I was writing.
It was just after nine when I closed my notebook. The day's story...this story...had written itself. I was merely along for the ride. I got up and stretched. Went into the kitchen and pulled out our last two beers. I had just handed one off to Scooter when Marcie and Pete arrived with the groceries. And a pizza for us. Their timing was perfect. We were out of leftovers and the pressurized cheeze in a can thingy died well before the last taco chip.
Putting the groceries away with four people took no time at all. Freezer. Fridge. Cupboard. Pantry. Somehow they even came back with more beer. They didn't stay. The groceries at Marcie's house were already stashed, along with their shopping clothes, and their pizza and movie were waiting. Before they left, though, Pete caught sight of the notebook on the dining table. He raised an eyebrow, questioning. I nodded. He leafed through the pages quickly, pausing only a couple times to carefully read or reread a short something. He drew in a breath as he carefully closed it and put it back.
"Wow...Can I...read that through in the morning before you leave?"
"Sure. I guess. I really haven't gone back and read it myself yet. It's probably raw."
"It's good," he said. "Really good. I think raw kinda captures the raw that you're feeling right now. Can Marcie read it too?"
"If that's OK?" Marcie added.
"Sure," I said. "But there's some stuff about..."
"I'm a big girl. I can deal with raw. And I love you." She stretched up and kissed me. A long tender kiss. Body close. Her nipples dragged on my chest as she pulled away. "I'll read it with Pete in the morning. Our pizza's getting cold."
Scoot and I smoked another bowl and ate about half of our pizza. She tried to call Bobbi again, but gave up. She held up her empty bottle to me. "One more?"
I went to the fridge. "He bought two kinds."
"Leiney," she called. "I won't tell Sal if you don't." I brought two. Before I could sit back down, she held out her hand. "Gimme," she said. "I'm not waiting till morning to read it." I retrieved the notebook.
Scoot took her time. She always does. Reading and re-reading passages. Frowning in concentration. Smiling. Sighing. Stopping to wipe her eyes. Looking over at me as if with some new found understanding. She finally wiped her eyes one last time as she closed it and laid it on the coffee table.
"Well?" I said.
"I don't know what to say. There's so much that I didn't know. Didn't realize. I love you so, so much. And you're right. It's raw. But it's beautiful too. I want to read it again. But for now...can we cuddle?"
We cuddled in silence. Nothing urgent. A little kissing. Caressing. Comforting. We drifted off in each others arms. She barely stirred when I got up and covered her with an afghan. Then I shut of all the lights except the one in the bathroom. I got my pillow and sheet. On the porch, I felt my way to the hammock. Clouds hid the moon and stars and the air smelled like rain. I fell back asleep to sounds of the crickets and frogs.
I'm not sure how much was due exhaustion and how much was due to my mother's potent herb, but I had some crazy dreams that night. The kind where you're not really sure if you're dreaming or waking or somewhere between. Scenes that would come and go. The river. The quarry. The farm. Bobbi. Scooter. Marcie. Izzy and Frank at the campground. Vivid but strangely surreal.
Thunder woke me the first time. If it was waking. A rumbling off in the distance. A gentle rain fell on the metal roof. A sound that I love. One of my comfort sounds. I may have stirred and pulled up the blanket. But...I didn't have a blanket...then did...
At some point during the night, in a half dream, the hammock rocked. A pair of wet lips kissed me softly on the cheek. The face of the kisser was damp as well.
Later, I dreamed that the blanket was gone again and the sheet was lifted. A supple warm someone climbed in to join me. Wrapping my body with hers. Breasts pressed to my side. An arm and a leg across me. Damp cheek on my chest. Later still, I was on my side. A soft little bottom was backed up and hugging my manhood. My arm was draped, just so, allowing my hand to cup the globe of a breast, its nipple hard and proud.
Then I was alone in the back of the boat on the open water. No engine. No sound. Not a cloud in the sky. No land in sight.
Scene change. My parents, Sharon and Robb, Scooter and Pete and Bobbi and Marcie and Sal, standing on the porch of our farmhouse. Waving goodbye as I drove away.
Back on the river house porch and the rain was gone. So were the blanket and sheet. The shock of the early chill on my naked skin. The someone had her soft lips around the head of my penis, not bobbing or stroking but gently suckling. I could feel an eruption rising, but it was different. It wasn't an urgent need. I was fully hard, but the suckling coaxed my seed from me slowly, then licked me clean and kissed me. Again, her cheeks were damp. Her hair fell around my face. Curls. Then she was gone.
The sun was up and the sky was clear. The early river sounds filled the air. From inside the house, I could vaguely hear voices. Hushed.
"Did you read it?"
"Yes. Last night and this morning."
"Yes. Sometime during the night. I couldn't sleep."
"Me too. Twice. I cried both times."
The voices and sounds blended to lull me back to consciousness. I could have sworn I caught just a glimpse of the back of a naked Marcie or Scoot disappearing into the house as I blinked the sleep from my eyes.
I maneuvered around and sat up, the blanket and sheet wrapped around my waist. There by my knee, on a table between the two Adirondack chairs, was a steaming cup of Earl Grey and a plate. Fresh buttered toast and sliced oranges.