Over for another year, thank God I thought to myself. Why were these awards ceremonies always held in the middle of winter? Luckily, we men are dressed in tuxedos whereas the poor women are wearing their best cocktail dresses which although fabulous viewing to break the monotony of the ceremony, they offer little if any protection from the elements. The Grosvenor was its usual dull self, save the cocktail bar which had plenty to offer in terms of visual entertainment. Lots of young secretary types with LBDs trying to impress their workplace seniors.
Park Lane was as brilliantly bright as the air was crisp once stood outside awaiting the carriages to take the workers to their poor hotel rooms and their guests to the better accommodation. My company sponsors the after party casino, as a result I am often one of the last to leave, tonight was no exception. The event was becoming a tad monotonous, same old faces, same old products, nothing innovative this time round. I got stuck with one of our customer COEs who wanted to play Blackjack all through the night, I prefer the chance of the roulette wheel as opposed to the turn of a card.
I was last in the queue for the taxi back to the hotel, I had let the sales and technical directors leave early as their guests were keen to head back. Lucky them I thought. Still, here I am stood waiting when behind me to join in the queue comes one of the casino girls still wearing her outfit with our company sash blazened all over it. She looked cold so I offered her my jacket which she gratefully accepted. The roulette girl was older than the other girls we use and I don't think she had been before, certainly I would have recognised her fabulous legs and wonderful cleavage as she would have spun the wheel. Damn I thought, there I was playing Blackjack when I could have had a far more enjoyable evening!
So I introduced myself as the lead sponsor, which did little to impress the roulette girl. I was running out of small talk when a taxi arrived, naturally I offered the roulette girl the taxi, which she took. She gave me back my jacket and smiled, as she got in, I could see site of her stocking tops and the perfect shape of her backside. She said 'The Mandeville' to the driver. Without thinking I said, that's where I am staying, the roulette girl said lets share then.
Once sat in the taxi the roulette girl's seat belt was pulling the neckline of her dress to one side revealing her bra which were supporting some quite lovely breasts I thought. She caught my eyes as they had obviously widened at the view. So I turned them away, downwards and then I saw her stocking tops and the suspender catch. She then crossed her legs, pulling up the dress, revealing even more as she stared out the window.
We were caught in the Hyde Park traffic, lots of blue lights and sirens going on. "We could be 'ere a while" said the cabbie. The roulette girl still stared out the window but her left hand was playing with her suspender catch, cheeky I thought. She then took her hand away and placed it on my right leg with her fingers tracing up my inner thigh towards my cummerbund which was thankfully in place as I had quite a hard on by now. She moved her hand to my cock and started to stroke it through the fabric of my trousers, at the same time she uncrossed her legs and parted them slightly, still looking out of the window. Her fingers were now pulling at the zip of my trousers, my right hand was now between her legs and working its way to her knicker line. I hope the cabbie does not check his rear view mirror I thought as the roulette girl was pulling at my rock hard cock, my finger now deep inside her damp pussy, she was not wearing any knickers.
Suddenly we started moving and the cabbie muttered '5 minutes you two' The roulette girl started to wank me faster, my fingers played deeper in her pussy. Would 5 minutes be enough? What about the mess of cum all over my black tuxedo? It would be alright for the roulette girl. I was so close to cumming, the Roulette girl sensed it and then moved her head away from the window and took my cock in her mouth. 'Nearly there' said the cabbie. I exploded in seconds as her tongue and lips played with the head of my cock and her hand stroked my shaft. She took all of my cum in her mouth and swallowed so as not to stain my trousers. She then took her head away from my lap and kissed me the longest kiss. My hand was inside her bra by now and her nipple was long and hard. 5 minutes? Damn I thought, 5 hours would not be enough time.
We both alighted from the taxi cab, I paid the driver and noticed fresh stains on his black trousers, I did not care and neither I suppose did the roulette girl.