THE FIFTH DAY
I was awakened by the touch of lips on my cheek. I opened my eyes, and there she was, nestled against me, her hand on my cock. "Hungry?" she asked.
"For breakfast, or for you? I think you, first. Then breakfast."
"Coming up!" she said. She meant my cock, which was indeed responding to her caresses.
"I should be getting you off first, dear."
"No. You're a guest in my house. This one is yours. The next one's mine." And with that, she lay on top of me and rubbed the folds of her cunt against my cock.
"God, you're wet!"
"Well, I've been fingering myself ever since I woke up, a half an hour before you did. That's my usual morning routine, on weekends. Are you hard enough? Put it in, just like it is. I'd like to feel it get hard inside me."
Although I was only half-hard, my cock slipped in easily, and then I felt her cunt muscles massaging it. That's all it took to get it to full erection, and we slowly fucked as we kissed. She shifted position, straddling me so she could ride me cow-girl style, and I was able to see all of her body, from forehead to clit, which she was pinching as we fucked. I grasped her nipples and squeezed them in time to her vaginal pinches, and to my surprise, she came even before I did, a small, sharp orgasm that dissipated immediately. But I wasn't far behind. Sensing my impending climax, she lay down on top of me and I stroked her back and grabbed her ass as I came.
"I thought I was supposed to cum first!" I said with a grin.
"Oops. My bad. Does that mean I don't get another one after breakfast?"
"That depends. What's for breakfast?"
She bit my nose. "That's what you get for asking hard questions before coffee. I have eggs, bacon, toast. How do you want your eggs? Or do you want French toast?"
"French toast sounds great! Do you want any help?"
"I'm good. Just your company." She got up, put on a robe, and disappeared into the bathroom. When she was done, I took my turn and then joined her in the kitchen.
After we'd eaten, we went back to the bed, but she didn't want to resume fucking right away. She wanted to talk.
"I have to know, Dick. What's next for you?"
"Do you mean: 'what's next for us?'"
"I guess so. I want this to go on, but I don't now how long you're going to be around. What happens after that?"
"I really haven't thought that far ahead, Liz. We expect to be done with our data gathering in another week or two. After that, I'm going back to San Diego, and then wherever else they send me. Maybe another three- or four-month stint at sea. To be frank, they give my kind of job to guys who aren't attached to anybody, because they know how hard this sort of life is people in relationships.
"But I can turn down these jobs for something more like a desk job. I've never felt I needed to. Before. Now that I've met you, I'm thinking very, very seriously of doing that. The thought of being away from you for a week, let alone four months, is suddenly something that scares the shit out of me."
"You'd give up your seagoing for me?"
"Would you give up your job at the clinic for me?"
She put her hand on my chest. "Do you want me to?"
"No, I don't. Your life is your own to live. Your friends are here, your job is here. Your life is here. If anything makes sense, it's for me to move here, find a job..."
"Dick, there aren't any decent jobs for anybody around here any more, let alone for marine biologists. And my roots to this place aren't that deep. Tell me, do they have psychologists on these ships that are at sea for four months? Or do they still think that women on board are a jinx?"
I laughed. "That hasn't been true for years. But no, they're lucky to have a doctor. If somebody has incapacitating problems, mental or physical, they just put him off at the next port or, if it's really bad, send a helo out for him."
"Well, let's agree to live our lives separately for the moment. We've just been given a gift, and we should enjoy it while we can."
"A gift? Of what?"
"Of each other." She snuggled up to me and held me close, nuzzling my face. "Give me some of you, right now."
And we kissed, but this was a different sort of kiss. I was aroused, surely, but there was a tenderness that I hadn't felt before. I was content to stroke her and hug her, without any intent to heighten the sexual tension. We lay like that for a half an hour or more, but then she started playing with my cock again. That got me hard, and I started paying attention to her pussy.
"Are you ready for your orgasm now?" I asked. "I promised you one after breakfast."
"Mmm."
"You know what I want to do? I want to see what your pussy tastes like without suntan lotion on it."
She laughed and spread her legs. I crouched between them and started giving her tongue. I could taste her flowing juices, and my own sperm, and something else: a distinctly metallic tang. I put in my finger and when I removed it, there was blood on it.
"I think your period has started, dear!"
I felt her body go tense. "Oh, damn! And I was looking forward to getting off on your tongue!"
"Relax. I'm not going anywhere." And I started lapping at her cunt again.
"You don't mind my menses?"
"Why should I? It's just another flavor in the liquor cabinet. We'll call this 'Sangria.'"
She didn't answer, but her body relaxed again, and by the time I had three bloody fingers in her and my tongue pressing on her clit, she was already well on her way to her second climax of the morning. I felt her hands on my head, pressing me closer. Then her legs locked around my head, and she gave a wail of pleasure, and I thrust my tongue into her vagina as far as it would go. The wail turned into a shriek, and then she was gasping for air. I felt her legs trembling, and then go limp. She was flowing copiously now, blood mixed with her juices, and I lapped it all up as it trickled out of her.
"Now fuck me," she said. "I need your cock, sailor boy. Please."
I slid upward, planting my already hard cock into her slippery hole. She gripped it in her vagina with a series of contractions that signaled the tempo she wanted. I echoed them with my thrusts as best I could, but she was eager to have another climax as soon as possible, riding the crest of her previous wave, and was accelerating her tempo by degrees. It was raw lust, nothing but lust, and it crashed over us like a wave, leaving us both gasping and moaning. As she crested again, I gave my boner a last thrust into her and felt it spurting its load into her womb.
"Did you cum?" She panted.
"God, yes!"
"Wow. I couldn't feel it. I was just so into myself just then. You know, that was the first time anybody ate me out when I had my period. What a turn-on!"
"First time for me, too. I've wanted to, but my girlfriends all thought it was gross. They sometimes wouldn't even let me touch them there."
"Well, I always thought it was kind of gross, too, right up to the time you started doing it." She laughed. "God, what a mess we've made! Let me into the bathroom for a minute. I've got to wash up and put in a tampon."
"While you're in there, I'll strip the bed and put the sheets in the wash." I'd seen the washer and dryer in the kitchen.
"God, you're amazing. A guy who does the wash without being told. You really are a keeper! But let's take a shower first. You look like you've been in a fight!" I kissed her and went into the bathroom, and looked into the mirror. She was right; her menstrual blood was smeared all over my cheeks and nose, not to mention my cock and balls. And then I saw her in the mirror, standing behind her, her menses smeared on her face and the inside of her thighs. She looked absolutely beautiful, and I said so.
"Even as messy as I am?"
"I've never thought a menstruating woman could be so sexy and womanly. You are both of those."
"You're weird, Dick! But I like weird!" she said as we stepped into the shower. In a few minutes we were both clean, and she tore open a tampon and inserted it into her cunt.
"I've never seen a woman do that before," I said as I handed her a towel
"Never? You've never been with a woman on the rag?"
"Not intimately. They didn't want to fuck then."
"More's the pity. That's when I'm most sensitive. I think that's why I came so fast this morning. And there's absolutely nothing about my body that I want to hide from you. Do you want to watch me pee?"
I smiled. "Is that the exhibitionist in you again? I don't think I'd find it erotic, but it wouldn't turn me off, either."
"Well, I'm going to pee," she said and, sitting on the toilet, she did. As the stream flowed into the bowl, she closed her eyes and pursed her lips, as if to savor the sensation. As she finished, she opened them again and studied my face for a reaction. "Now you."
She stood up and dabbed her labia with toilet paper as I let my own stream flow into the bowl and mix with hers. She smiled. "See? That wasn't hard."
"That's why I could pee...it wasn't hard!"
She laughed. "Oh, yeah! Men have that problem, don't they?" And I joined her laughter as she flushed the toilet. I marveled in how completely in touch with her body this woman was, and how open she was with it, and how effective she was at getting me to be open with my own. It suddenly hit me that there was nothing I ever wanted to hide from her. Or needed to.
We dressed and went to the beach, leaving the Yamaha behind. This time, she'd brought extra tampons, so she could fuck me at the beach and then simply insert a new one. The only other difference was that the beach towel she chose was red, and double size.
We didn't go directly to Hard-On Beach this time, though. Liz saw a nude woman in the clothing-optional area she knew and we stopped to chat for a while. The woman had sea-green eyes, a thin face, a profusion of long blonde hair, and melon-sized tits with long, red nipples. Her crotch hair was equally blonde and neatly trimmed. Liz introduced me to her. "Dick, this is Inge. She's from Denmark."
We shook hands, and Liz explained that I was with the Oceanic Survey. "So he's out on boats all the time."
"I understand," Inge remarked. "I grew up on an island, and you could go nowhere without a boat. I could sail before I could drive." As we talked, we applied our suntan oil to each other but in deference to the sensibilities of others, we didn't make an erotic game out of it. At one point, a girl, perhaps two years old, toddled up to her and said, "Milk?" "Of course, Laurie," Inge replied as she offered the child her breast, and the toddler began sucking. So that's why her nips are so long, I thought.
"Does this bother you, Dick?" she asked.
"Of course not. What could be more natural than a woman breast-feeding her daughter?"
Inge smiled. "Actually, she's not my daughter. She's Amy's child -- that tall brunette woman over there. My own baby is coming this way now. His name's Nils." And turning around, we saw a boy about Laurie's age coming our way with a pail and a bucket. "He saw Laurie nursing, and whatever somebody else has, he wants, too!" The boy dropped to his knees in front of Inge and took the other breast.
"So you let other children have your milk?" I asked.
"Why not? Amy does the same with Nils. When you have a bottle of water and a child asks you for a sip, wouldn't you share it?" She shifted position, leaning back and putting her weight on her elbows, the better to accommodate both children as they drained her breasts. As she did so, she stretched out her legs in front of her, long and shapely. She'd spread them apart, giving me a clear view of her pussy and its generous inner labia, but I sensed that she wasn't doing it to give me a show but only to make herself comfortable.
"Besides," she continued, "I think it gives these children a bond even greater than brother and sister. We hope it will continue after they're weaned, but we'll see. Right now, all we can give them is a place where they can learn not to be ashamed of their bodies. And where all children can see what breasts are for."
I realized that she had a point. More than that, I began to appreciate these people as more than simply nudists but as loving, sharing people who had no fear of bringing their dreams of a perfect world to reality.
What a sight that was: a beautiful nude woman with a child at each breast! To my surprise, I found the scene not the least bit erotic, but breathtakingly beautiful all the same. For the first time, I was seeing human bodies as they ought to be seen, on open display without a trace of shame.
"This is what heaven must be like," I murmured in appreciation.
"No," said Inge. "If this were heaven, there would be no war, and no hunger. Maybe this little bit of beach is heaven right now, but bad things can happen even here, if we allow it." She paused and gave me a dazzling smile. "But you and Liz, you are the kind of people who make this a heaven, right now."
"Well, we want to get over to the other beach," Liz said. "We'll let you go. Say hello to Peer for us." And she gave Inge and the kids each a kiss.
"Well, what did you learn from that?" Liz asked as we walked down the path to Hard-on Beach.
"Well, for one thing, I learned that I can carry on a conversation with two beautiful naked women without getting a boner."
She laughed. That's because you've already cum twice today!"
"Yeah, probably so. But I got out of there just in time...I'm getting hard again. And I learned something else, too. I'm beginning to see what you like about these people. They're very special. And that makes you more special, too."
"I'm glad you like them. And I'm glad that they like you. Well, we're here. Let's take care of that 'condition' of yours."
She spread the big towel out and then removed her tampon and put it into a baggie for later disposal. We fucked there on the towel, slowly and sweetly, without the need of a quick orgasm this time, unlike our previous arrivals at the beach. By this time, her menstrual flow was stronger, and we again made a mess of ourselves. When we were a few minutes into our lovemaking, Barry and Alison showed up. They spread their towel next to ours and began fucking, with Barry on the bottom and Alison riding him and making sure I got an eyeful of her bouncing tits. They got off first, and then watched Liz and me as we fucked our way to our own climaxes.
When we all got up for our swim, I noticed that there weren't as many people as there had been yesterday. We walked down to the shoreline hand in hand, and got a few double-takes as people greeted us and then noticed our bloody genitalia. The guys seemed a little shocked, but the girls just grinned. "I could never be so bold," one girl confided to us as she walked alongside us. "My boyfriend would just shit."
"Sure you could," Liz replied. "You're a woman. It's just part of who you are. If he's really into you, he'll adjust."
"Well, I wish we had what you guys have," she confessed. When I heard that, I gave Liz's hands a squeeze, and she squeezed back. No words were necessary. We washed ourselves in the ocean and swam for a while, chatting with the other visitors. We stood waist deep in the water, and once I was looking at Liz as an expression briefly crossed her face. It was an expression I'd seen just hours ago, when she'd peed. I gave her a questioning glance, and she smiled back and winked. We enjoyed our private joke as the other couples played around us.
We made our way quickly back to our towel, where Liz inserted another tampon. As we oiled up, I pointed to the string and said, "Does that mean we don't get to fuck any more?"
"Not for a while. But that doesn't mean that you can't give me head. Believe me, my clit's so sensitive now that you won't need to finger-fuck me." She was right. My tongue on her clit, and her fingers on her nipples, was enough to send her to Nirvana. And then she gave me a long, slow blowjob. Alison and Barry, observing us as they were walking back to their towel, decided to join the fun. Alison got down on her hands and knees. I watched her breasts swinging as Barry entered her from behind and started pumping. Meanwhile, Liz circled her engorged clit with her fingers as she tongued my cock, keeping herself primed for another cum.
None of us rushed it. It was as if we all wanted the moment to last forever. As they fucked, they kept eye contact on us, and I in turn watched them as their faces reflected their various stages of arousal. I finally could not keep my cock under control, and said, "Liz, I'm going to cum." She shifted from a blowjob to a handjob, and everybody watched as my cum shot into the air and splattered onto my belly and chest. The sight was enough to put Barry over the edge, and his face suddenly reddened as he pumped his seed into Alison's cunt. That, in turn, precipitated Alison's orgasm; her eyes widened and her breasts flushed pink as she felt Barry's rod pulsing inside of her. Not to be left out, Liz wanked herself to the climax she had been nursing ever since she started blowing me.
We had all cum within the space of a minute, and started laughing at the sensation of our simultaneous release. "That was the best one ever!" Alison proclaimed as she rolled over onto her back, her stiff pink nipples now pointing proudly sunward. "It's like I could feel your energy, all three of you!" Barry stretched out next to her, stroking her belly and grinning in agreement. Liz lapped the cum off my body like a kitten, and then gave my softened cock a final suck. Then we all lay there quietly, listening to the surf and feeling the sun dry the sweat off our bodies.
I'm in heaven, I thought. In less than two weeks, this wonderful woman had changed me from a shy, lonely guy into a man with a knockout girlfriend who enjoys screwing in public. If there's some way I can stay with her and share this beach with her friends, I'm going to do it.
"I never thought of myself as an exhibitionist before," I mused.
We don't either," Alison said. "I mean, we get off having other people watch us, but we don't need it to get off. And we only do it here, where we're surrounded by people we know. I wouldn't think of flashing my tits at strangers. With me, it's like having a really good dinner. You want to share it with friends, and the company makes the food taste better. But the company has to be good, too, and friends always make the best company."
We took a last swim and made our departures, with Liz and I going back to her place for another dinner. No postprandial fuck this time, though, as I had get what rest I could before I boarded the boat the next morning. We parted at the restaurant. She tucked another pair of panties into my pocket, this set spotted with blood. And I gave her three packs of batteries for Mr. Bunny.
It was going to be another long week.