"I don't know, sweetheart. All it says is be ready at 5 and pack a weekend bag!"
"Ready for what?"
"I don't know!"
"Well what does the invitation say?" You shout down the stairs at me.
"I just told you. That's all it said!"
"You are remarkably unhelpful" you complain and retreat back into the bedroom. Pondering what to pack for a weekend we don't know where, attending an event that is a complete mystery. My bag was easy to pack, a few pairs of pants and button down shirts. Easy as pie.
There's a car honking its horn outside, a black limo as it were.
"Honey, let's go!"
And with that, you bound down the stairs and into the limo. I love how you're attacking this adventure with full force.
A few days ago we got an invite in the mail from an exceptionally wealthy friend of mine. He's one of those guys who always promised to take his friends on great trip if he ever made it. Well, he made it, and I can only imagine how great this trip is going to be. I continue to ponder where we are headed as we pull up to a small airport with a single private plane on the runway. The driver opens the door for us and makes no effort to hide that he's checking out your body.
We head up the stairs to the plane and it is absolutely incredible. Dark wood, buttery smooth leather on every seat. A bar in the small front room, fully stocked with anything we could want. We open the door into the main cabin and are greeted with the same luxury. No one else on the plane, save for a single man. He's a bit older than us, well dressed. Handsome in the classic way, clearly he knows it too.
We sit down across the aisle from him and the plane takes off in a smooth, powerful way. We reach a cruising altitude quickly and the pilot lets us that the cabin is safe should we choose to move around it. I take opportunity to head to the bar in the front room and get us a couple of cocktails.
By the time I get back with the drinks, the man across the aisle is chatting you up, and doing well at it, at least you let him believe. I stand out of his view but you catch me. You know what I'm doing. One of my favorite things is to watch you get hit on. You often don't trust me when I say how desirable you are; and I love when someone else proves it for me.
I can't hear the conversation you're having, but I can get the gist from where I'm standing. The man is presenting himself with an air of humility and embarrassment of success. Your face gives away that you clearly don't believe that this guy has an ounce of that kind of social grace, but he doesn't care. Not that he would notice anyway, his eyes are glued to your tits. He makes almost no effort to hide it.
He turns his body towards you, leering like a wolf. I wish I had this on tape. I feel no jealousy, only pride that this guy would take a shot at you in the brief moments it takes me to get us a couple of drinks. You take your hair and bundle it above your head. The turbulence outside shakes the plane causing your tits to bounce tantalizingly in front of him. He shifts, trying to hide his growing cock. You smile and breathe just a bit deeper. This attention from the stranger is seriously turning you on! I'm enjoying every moment of it too.
I decide that he's had enough fun for now; I walk over, interrupt, and ruin his fun.
"Here's your Manhattan, sweetheart" as I step directly between you two, handing you the glass. His look of disgust at my ruining his chances brings me such contentment I almost chuckle. Some people say schadenfreude is bad for the soul, but who wouldn't take joy in aggravating a man who was hitting on your wife.
I sit down across from you, I can understand why he was so willing to flirt with you. You look so sexy. You're wearing a white button down shirt with just enough buttons undone to draw attention to your fabulous tits. When you shift, your lacy black bra can be seen peeking through; still drives me wild every time. You're wearing a navy skirt that's inching up your thigh every time you shift in your chair. You uncross and cross your legs, proving to me that you're not wearing anything underneath. My cock grows uncomfortably in my pants and you smile knowingly when I have to shift to hide it. You kick off your heels and rest your legs on my knees.
My view is straight between your legs which causes me to lean forward and start to massage your calves. His view, from the side, is of your sexy thighs slowly being revealed by your skirt. Him and I are both thinking the same thing. We want you. Bad.
I don't know what gets into you, but you undo another button on your blouse while he's chatting you up. Maybe it's the alcohol, maybe you can feel the desire emanating from the two men you're with, but I've never seen this kind of boldness from you. He moves his hand and puts on his hardening cock. There's no question anymore that something is about to happen, the only question is: how far will it go?
You get up and cross the short distance between us and whisper in my ear "make me cum. Make me cum right now. I want him to see it." You linger a moment and kiss my ear once and also give him a great view of your ass while you're leaning over.
You sit back down in your plush leather chair and spread your legs for me; I get on my knees between them. You hike up your skirt to allow me access to your tight pussy. I love going down on you, the way your body moves when I tongue your clit is incredible, I just never thought I'd do it with a stranger watching. I keep working my tongue on you, swirling on your clit, all over, I can feel you getting more and more wet. I reach up and grab your tits and squeeze them together; I can't see anything with my head between your legs but I know how hot you look when you're moaning. The man next to you must be crazy with desire by now, watching your writhe and moan while I lick your hot pussy. Over and over I run my tongue over you, savoring every moment. The way you taste drives me crazy, but it's only matched by how sexy you sound when you're moaning.
I hear him unbuckle his belt and unzip his pants. I pull my head from between your thighs to see what's happening. He's stroking a large thick cock and staring at your fantastic tits that are now spilling out. You've locked eyes with him and then you push my head down between your thighs, I'm more than happy to get back to making you cum, but I keep my eyes on you. You're maintaining the smoldering eye contact with him while playing with your tits.
"Mmmm yes" you moan "keep going. Lick my pussy! I'm gonna cum! Yes make me cum!"
I'm attacking your clit with my tongue, drawing circles around running all the way up and down. You're moaning louder now and bucking your hips. I hear you moan loud and finally you release my head.
You stand up and tell me to sit in the chair. I oblige you unbuckle my pants and pull them down to my ankles. My engorged cock stands straight up in the air. Slowly you step over and straddle me, guiding the head of my cock towards your dripping pussy. You lower yourself onto me, taking every inch slowly until my entire length is inside you. I remove your bra and take your tits in my mouth, sucking and biting. I feel the walls of your pussy tighten around me as you cum again, pushed over the edge by the sensation of being filled with a big hard cock.
He's watching everything. Your tits bouncing. Your ass working. The way your hips move. He stands up from his chair, cock standing at attention in front of him and moves to the chairs directly across from us. You watch him and turn around to face him with me still inside you. He sits down in the chair, unbuttons his shirt and feverishly strokes his cock. You're facing him now, watching him fist the length of his cock while he stares at your tits. My hands are going back and forth between your hips and digging into your ass. I'm pumping you hard.
"Fuck! Fuck me!. Harder! More! Fill me" you scream at me and I start pounding your cunt with everything I've got. Your tits are bouncing wildly as I hammer up into you. I love fucking you.
He gets up from his chair and stands directly in front of you, stroking himself only a foot away. You're overcome in the moment and reach out to grab his big cock. He reaches down and gently takes a handful of your hair and guides his cock past your pink pouty lips and into your waiting mouth. I'm not jealous at all, the opposite. I'm proud the he wants you so bad. Every man should be as lucky as I am. He reaches down and massages your tits while you suck him. You're enjoying the feeling of his cock in your mouth, I can tell by the way you're sucking it. All the way up and down, twisting and gently squeezing the head of it and working your lips tightly around the head of his swollen cock. He's moaning and appreciatively thrusting his hips at you.
You're looking up at him with his cock in your mouth, eyes heavy from the sensation of having two big thick cocks inside you at once. I know you've always had this fantasy and I love giving you what you want. He stares back down at you and savors the feeling of your mouth wrapped around him. He puts a hand on your shoulder and slowly thrusts his cock in and out of mouth. I know how good that mouth feels and I know what you're doing. Tongue swirling over the head and licking the underside of him.
You pull his cock from your mouth and scream "More! Keep fucking me! Give me that big cock!"
I can tell he's getting close by his breathing, I'm fucking you hard and fast. You use his well-toned stomach to brace yourself against the force of my thrusts, stroking him with your other hand. You look back over your shoulder and bite your lip at me, stroking his cock newly removed from your hot wet mouth.
"Fuck!" I scream as I thrust one final time into you, cumming deep inside over and over, releasing everything I have. You cum with me, the tight wet walls of your pussy draining me. I have never cum so much in my whole life. I bite gently at the base of your neck and sigh deeply.
He stands close and explodes all over your bouncing tits. He's grunting and cumming all over your chest, and you're loving it. You take your hands and squeeze your perfect tits together while he covers them, moaning the whole time.
"Mm yes cum on my tits!" you growl at him as he he continues to pump his cock directly onto your glistening tits. Rope after rope of cum cover your perfect tits. Finally he finishes and sits back down on the chair across from us, a lazy smile on his face.
"Excuse me boys, I have to go clean up" as you get up and walk to the finely appointed bathroom, both us checking out your ass as you walk away.
I start to regain control of myself and I realize, neither of us even know this guy's name. It it going to be a very, very interesting trip.