My husband and I work at a small precision engineering firm.
Part of the success in turning the fortunes of the business around has been the partnership that we have developed with an engineering business based in Germany. We had the technology and capacity to manufacture some components for this firm, and as a result, the financial position of the company had significantly improved.
It was only yesterday, Friday, that we had received a phone call from our business partner, Rutger, that he planned on coming over to see us next Friday.
I knew my husband had fantasied about sharing me with other men. We had been looking at what 'hotwife' meant on the internet. I am sure that Mark was going to let me have some fun when Rutger arrived next week.
I'm sure Rutger wouldn't mind. We had flirted together when we last met and, up until this point, he didn't know that Mark and I were married.
MONDAY
My latest WW order had arrived at the weekend. I had ordered some new bikinis and a couple of dresses. Buying WW products could quickly become addictive!
Today I decided to wear my Wicked Weasel knickerless dress to work today. It is a tight fitting short dress made from white, soft-stretch nylon that smoothly fitted to my body but its principal feature is that down each side are these panels of open mesh.
The holes are big enough to put my fingers through, and you can't wear knickers, or a bra for that matter, as the straps would be visible and distract for the smooth look - hence the dress' name. Anyone taking a close look at me wearing this dress would soon realise that I was knickerless!
The dress has no shoulder straps, but it firmly clung to my boobs. I have been using the new Inflame product for a few days, and my nipples had become noticeably more prominent. My hard nipples and nipple rings were obscenely visible through the soft opaque fabric.
It was clear to me that this dress was going to be a problem when wearing it in public as, during my short drive into the city, the short hem kept rising up, exposing my smooth, bare pussy.
I parked in the building next to the post office and got out. I pulled the hem of the dress down, but as a walked down the stairs to the ground level, I knew I was going to have to adjust the hem often. It just kept riding up as I took small steps in my high heels. If someone had come up the stairs, they would have gotten a clear view of my bald pussy.
Once at street level I adjusted my dress again and walked over to the post office. To my pleasant surprise, my post office friend was there today. He stopped in his tracks when I walked past him to my mailbox. I bent at the waist, keeping my legs nice and straight, to retrieve the day's mail from the box close to the floor.
I heard my friend take a sharp breath. "Oh fuck! You look so hot with that pussy jewellery," he said.
I stood up and turned to face him with a killer smile. "Where have you been?" I asked.
"I've been overseas. I'm working on a marketing campaign for an island resort," was his reply. "Nice nipples, by the way!" He couldn't take his eyes off my chest. "Did you miss me?"
"Yes." I put the mail down on the bench and cupped my breasts with my hands while rubbing my thumbs over my sensitive nipples. "You like?" I asked.
"Oh yesss," was his drawn-out reply. "When did you get them pierced?"
"Over a week ago," was my reply.
I noticed my friend follow me out of the Post Office and into the street. We walked together to the parking building. He chivalrously held the door open allowing me to enter the lobby. I noticed that he couldn't keep his eyes off me as I climbed the stairs. I must have been giving him a great look at my jewelled charms. "Where have you parked your car?" I asked.
He pointed to his car. "It's just here," he replied. It was just a few parking bays away from my vehicle.
"Come on. Let's see that hard cock of yours," I asked.
My friend climbed into his car. He unbuckled his belt and pulled down his trousers. He pulled out his cock and began stroking it. Oh, it looked beautiful and hard.
I had a look around and saw that there was no one else about. The way he had parked his car meant that, when the driver's door was open, it would block the view from most people. The hem of my dress had ridden up exposing me fully to his gaze. I crouched down while spreading my legs wide open. I pulled the tube top of the dress down to show off my tits with their large nipple rings. I felt excited being entirely on display to this stranger - I still didn't know his name - for the first time.
"I'm not going to be able to do this all the time, but I have wanted to watch you play with yourself while you look at me lustfully," I said as my friend was stroking his cock.
My hand dropped down to my pussy and gently played with my excited clit. My other hand grazed one of my sensitive nipples. My friend was staring straight at my pussy while he pumped his fist up and down his cock really fast.
He let out a low moan when his cock exploded. Hot cum landed all over his lower chest. I saw that some drops of cum had stained his cotton shirt.
I hadn't cum yet, so I stood up and straightened up my skirt. "Think of me today," I said with a wink as I walked over to my car, leaving my friend trying to clean himself up. I could see that he was having difficulty stuffing his cock back into his trousers.
BACK TO WORK
I felt hot and flustered and, when I got into work, I knew I had lots to do to organise the week.
I heard my husband, who is also my boss arrive. As he climbed the stairs to the office, I straightened my dress and swivelled, so I was facing away from him when he entered the office.
I turned side on to him. "Good morning, Mr Williamson." My legs were crossed seductively. I was showing off the side panels of my dress with the open weave mesh.
"Fuck! . . . Anne . . . Ms Field . . . That dress is hot," stammered my boss.
As a swivelled the chair around to fully face my flustered boss. I slowly and deliberately uncrossed my legs spreading my legs open. With one hand, I gently pulled on the skin just above my pussy. This exposed my sensitive clit, and the little jewel sparkled in the light. "You like this dress?" I asked coyly.
"It's . . . You are . . . gorgeous!" he replied.
"It's called a Knickerless dress."
"I can see that!"
"No. That's what it is called: Knickerless!" I exclaimed.
"Where do you get all this sexy stuff?" asked my boss.
"I get them from that Australian company, Wicked Weasel."
"I'll have to have a look online and get an account."
"You already have an account," I revealed.
"Oh . . . really!"
Throughout this little conversation, I had been gently stroking my aroused clit. "I'm feeling really horny," I panted. "I know we can't have sex, yet, but come over here and play with me. Please!" I pleaded. "I'm very wet!"
My boss put down his briefcase, loosened his tie and undid the top button of his shirt and came over and knelt in front of me. He had a look on his face that indicated to me that I was going to get a beautiful tongue ravishing. Pushing my knees further apart, he began to gently lick my sweet pussy.
"Oh. Yes," I breathed out as his tongue teased my clit. I grabbed the back of his head so he couldn't escape and pinned him firmly between my legs. Mark has always been good at licking me, but these new sensations due to my jewellery were unbelievable. My clit felt like it was on fire.
I felt my boss slip two fingers into my slick pussy. I knew I couldn't hold out for long as he started to rub the soft spongy tissue at the front of my pussy. His head was clamped between my thighs as I writhed about on the edge of my seat. "Oh, I'm going to cum soon," I panted.
"Mmm,' hummed my boss as he continued his exquisite assault on my clit.
I had to let go of his head as I lay back in the chair. My legs involuntarily spread apart as one of the most amazing orgasms washed over me. "Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck," was all I could say breathlessly.
Eventually, my boss stopped licking me. He stood up and sucked on the two fingers that had just been inside me. His cheeks glistened with my juices as I sat there and gazed up at him. He took one of my hands and helped me stand up on my wobbly legs. He slapped me lightly on my bare arse before I got a chance to readjust the hem of my dress. "Get to work," he instructed me playfully.
That was how this week panned out: flirting in the morning with my post office friend - no, we didn't end up in the carpark together again - and then some morning oral sex before work started with my husband - boss. On occasions, he would lick me to orgasm, but I was quite happy to give him a fantastic blowjob each day, so he started the working day with a smile.
I did manage to send a discrete email to the shoe store that I had visited at the mall. I wanted to get some new shoes for the planned night out next week. I took out the business card for the store and drafted up the email. I had searched online to see what was the type of high heels were available that matched the colour of my new dress.
From: Anne Field
To: sales@mikeshoes.com
Hi Mike,
I am looking for some seriously high heel shoes (see attachment). My shoe size is US 6.5 or European 37. I have measured my feet, and they are 233mm long. Can you source shoes similar to the image in the fuchsia blue colour? I need them for Friday night.
Thanks, Anne xox
Attachment: Funky*Pair_Exotic_Shoes.jpg
I hit send and then went back to work, but my mind was constantly being distracted. I couldn't stop thinking about Friday and what I might be up to.
IPL TREATMENT
On Wednesday I had my fourth IPL treatment. I met Carla at her salon and was directed into the IPL treatment room. I kicked off my shoes and rolled my stay-up stockings down and carefully put them to one side. I got up onto the IPL treatment table and pulled up my short skirt. I was completely naked below the waist.
Carla came into the room and sat down on her stool. At first, she commented on my clit piercing. "I like the new jewellery. When did you get pierced?" she asked.
"Just over a week ago. Amber put me up to it, and Mark just loves playing with me. He can't keep his hands off my piercings!"
"Piercings? Where else . . . Oh, I see you've had both nipples done!" Carla had glanced up at my chest and, as I was lying down, my thin blouse did nothing to hide my erect, jewelled nipples. "I think you're brave. I couldn't get pierced," she added.
"It hurt, but it was worth it."
"How so?"
"Let's just say I love Mark playing with them. I'm on edge all the time and . . . well, I just . . ."
"Hmm . . . Sounds good. Amber is always raving about hers! Let's get on with today's procedure." With that Carla bent a plastic magnifying glass over me and peered down at my bare pussy. "The treatments are beginning to take effect now'" commented Carla. "There is hardly any hair left to remove, and what's there has been knocked back. Do you like this new, permanent, hairless appearance?" she asked.
I was very self-conscious that I was talking about my sexy new look while Carla was looking at my pussy through the backlit lens. Talking about my hairless pussy along with the intimate discussion of my piercings had the effect that I was becoming very turned on. I am sure Carla would see my pussy lips getting moist, and I knew I was getting aroused.
"I love the new look and Mark uses every opportunity to show me off in public," I replied.
"How are things going between you and Mark?" asked Carla.
"They're good. We've worked on quite a lot of stuff."
"That's good to hear," commented Carla.
She proceeded to complete the IPL treatment on both my legs before starting on my bikini line. "I want a beauty session on Friday. Do you have any sessions free?" I asked tentatively as I knew this was short notice and Carla's salon was trendy and fashionable.
"I'll look at through our bookings and see if there is anything I can do," replied Carla. "What's the occasion?
"Mark and I have an important guest visiting on Friday and Mark wants to show me off!" I said as my face blushed slightly.
Carla just grinned at me knowingly. "I'm sure I can find some time for you," she said as she gave me a cheeky grin.
FRIDAY
I was a bundle of nerves as I woke up on Friday.
My morning routine now included drifting awake as I played with my clit jewellery. Today was different: I wanted to save myself for the evening. I had to use all my self-control as I was excited and nervous about what might happen later in the evening. Not only was it going to break the drought from avoiding sex for these last few weeks, but it would also be the first time of having sex wearing my clit jewellery.
The orgasms I experienced while playing with my pierced clit were terrific. How was my erect, pieced clit going to feel with Mark pounding into me? There was also a chance that Mark would share me with Rutger. While I had never engaged in a threesome, it did feature in my fantasies, particularly when I was younger. I was sure that tonight I was going to fulfil this desire.
I decided that today I would wear a plain black, cashmere dress. I had a new, revealing dress to wear tonight and I needed to get changed straight after work. I wasn't going to wear any underwear to work either as I didn't want any elastic marks to blemish my skin.
My cashmere wool was a dark charcoal colour, and it was very soft and thin. At certain angles of light, it was slightly see-through.
I was glad to see my friend at the post office when I called in to clear the mail. He mixed expressions when he saw me: there was an initial disappointment when he saw what I was wearing, but that soon disappeared as I bent over to retrieve my mail. The thin fabric stretched over my arse and I am sure he could see the outline of my pussy through the material.
He handed me his business card. "I'm David," he said. "My promotions company is involved in a project that might interest you."
"Hi David, I'm Anne," I replied. After all this time, it felt strange to be finally introducing ourselves.
"I have been involved in setting up an adult's only resort upon a small, secluded coral island in the Pacific," David said. "I am involved in producing some promotional material for the resort before it opens to the public next month.
"So that's where you have been?" I asked.
"Yes, that's right," answered David. "We are on the lookout for some couples to come and try out our resort. The catch is that we would want to use them in some promotional images and videos that highlight what the resort has to offer."
"What sort of images?" I asked cautiously.
"Nothing explicit. Just some images featuring adult couples enjoying themselves using our facilities," David explained. "We'd be willing to offer you and your partner a complimentary five-day stay in one of our superior rooms. We'd even throw in return flights," he offered. "It would need to be sometime in the next two weeks though. Are you interested?"
"Hell yes," I answered quickly. "I'll talk to my husband about this. I'm sure I can persuade him!" I exclaimed with a cheeky grin.
When I got into the office, I saw that I had the place to myself. Mark had left a message for me saying that Rutger had arrived and he would be out of the office all morning. I sent a reply saying that I would be leaving work at lunchtime. I had some beauty treatments booked for the afternoon. I also thought it would be good not to meet either mark or Rutger until our dinner date in the evening.
Mark was courteous to reply that he was happy with my plans.
BEAUTY TREATMENT
I can't say that I was terribly focussed on work that morning. I had a small lunch before leaving work to go to the beauty salon.
Carla met me at the door to her salon. "We will have to work around a couple of other clients today. Are you ok with that?" She said, looking slightly flustered.
"Yes, absolutely. I'm so glad you could fit me in," I replied gratefully.
"Well first we are going to give you an exfoliating scrub and then you'll get a chance to rinse that off in a shower," explained Carla as she outlined my treatment package. "You'll have to wait after that for about 45 minutes and then we can give you a massage and our famous light, oil massage and spray tan. You remember that? The spray reacts with the oil and firms up all your skin."
"That's right. Oh yes, I would like that!"
"We'll apply your make up after that. You'll be ready at 4:30. Is that Ok?" asked Carla.
I knew that would be cutting it a bit fine. I still needed to get to the mall and buy my shoes. And I needed to get dressed in my outfit. When would I get a chance to do that, I wondered? "Oh yes, that will have to do," I said cautiously.
"I know you'll look fabulous. Let the men wait. It will be worth it, trust me!" comment Carla.
"Alright," I replied.
Carla ushered me into a treatment room and told me to strip off. "We'll start with a foot compress and then use a delicious vanilla and wattle seed exfoliant which is rubbed all over your body. I'll then let you have a shower. After that, you can then wait in here for the next step.
"Sounds nice," I said.
I was ushered into one of the treatment rooms. I slipped off my dress and lay face-down on the massage table. After a few minutes of waiting, Carla entered the room.
She put a pair of exfoliating gloves and began rubbing this sweet vanilla smelling product into my back and thighs. She buffed my body with long slow strokes. My skin started to feel slightly tingly as the granular substance worked its magic by removing the dead skin from my body.
It felt so good that I could have easily fallen asleep. Carla broke the trance by whispering in my ear, "Turn over, darling. I'll do your front."
As I turned over, I looked up into her eyes. Carla was breathing slowly as she looked over me lustfully. I was sure that she was getting turned on by the sight of me lying naked on her massage table. My legs were slightly parted, and I knew I was turned on myself. I could feel that my pussy was getting wet and if Carla bent down close, I'm sure she would be able to smell my scent.
Carla applied some more vanilla and wattle seed exfoliant onto my chest and began those long slow strokes again. She worked it the product my arms and on the fronts of my legs. I kept looking straight at her eyes as she worked the product into my skin. Her eyes were dilated, and she couldn't take her eyes away from my three piercings. She paid particular attention when she massaged my breasts, and I could feel that my nipples were getting very sensitive.
Some soft music was playing in the background, and my mind began to wander as Carla leant over me. I was able to sneak glances at Carla's ample cleavage that was barely being contained in a thin, black lacy bra under her work dress. There was quite a contrast between Carla's professional work smock and her delicate sexy underwear. I noticed that the top three buttons of Carla's smock were undone which was the reason why I was able to peek at so much of her lovely smooth skin.
I glanced at Carla, and she smiled at me when I realised that she had caught me staring down her top. "Are you feeling ok," whispered Carla is a soft voice.
"Oh, yes," I whispered back.
"You have beautiful skin," she complimented. "We're nearly done here."
"Thank you," was all I could say.
Carla stood back as she had finished this treatment. "You can take a shower in the bathroom through that door," she said as she pointed to the door on the other side of the room. "Make sure you lock the far door as the bathroom is shared by two of our treatment rooms."
"Ok," I said as I slowly regained composure after such a wonderfully charged massage.
"Take your time. Your next treatment is in forty-five minutes,"
After a small break, I got up and turned on the shower. The warm water felt great on my fresh skin as I washed off the exfoliant. My skin felt all tingly and alive as I caressed myself with a soft cotton washcloth liberally coated with scented body wash.
I dried myself off with a big fluffy towel. When I had finished, I gazed at my reflection in the bathroom mirror. I felt nervous and apprehensive as I considered what may happen in a few hours. My skin looked fabulous. It was as if it had a new glow following the exfoliation. Above all else, I felt amazingly horny. I was really looking forward to getting fucked tonight.
I was having difficulty articulating precisely what I was thinking. It had only been denied sex for two and a half weeks as my new piercings healed but the build-up and anticipation for tonight electrified me.
Just then the other door to the bathroom opened and in walked Carla. I had forgotten to lock the adjoining door. "Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you had finished," commented Carla.
"No, that's ok," I said. "It's my mistake for not locking the door."
Carla restacked the shelves with towels and then came over and stood right behind me. She placed her two hands on my waist as she looked at me in the reflection of the mirror. "You look and smell fabulous," she purred in my ear.
"Thank you," I replied. "You look hot, yourself," I added.
"Here. Wrap yourself in one of these robes. We'll do the spray tan in about half an hour."
"Ok."
When the time came, I was ushered back into the treatment room where I had a light oil product applied to my skin. This was absorbed into my skin before I had the second part: a spray tan. The oil reacted with the spray tan and firmed up all my skin. As an added bonus, the spray doubled as a light bronzer so I would get an allover tan as well.
I wore a protective cap to cover my hair and was given these sticky nipple shields that were placed over my areola. My nipple piercings made it challenging to hold the shields in place, but I knew from experience that it would be better if my sensitive nipples were protected from this firming product.
I knew that the spray product would feel really cool on my skin. Carla made sure to completely reach all over my body. She got me to spread my legs wide and sprayed up over my pussy lips. Some of the product managed to seep inside me. After a while, I could feel that tingly heat develop and knew that my skin was getting tighter.
I had to stand naked with my feet apart for about ten minutes as the two products cured. I was standing next to two full-sized mirrors and watched as my skin tighten up. It seemed as if years were being taken off my appearance. This time was slightly different: Carla stood next to me and watched this process developing.
"I really liked how my skin looks so smooth and younger when you use this product," I said to Carla in the reflection.
"You look fabulous all the time," she commented looking slightly flustered. "We're running out of time. Put your dress back on, and I'll quickly do your nails and makeup."
Once I was dressed, I went through to the front area of the salon and sat in the chair that was offered to me. Carla wasted no time in applying my makeup and then she painted my nails with a glossy fuchsia colour. I couldn't believe the transformation.
"I'll quickly do something with your hair," offered Carla as she brushed out my long hair.
I watched as Carla made my hair into a simple ponytail. "You're amazing how you can do all this," I said to her.
"Well, you're welcome. I hope you have a great night, tonight," encouraged Carla handed me a small jar containing the trial product, Inflame. "Use this!"
"Yes, I'll do that," I replied. "Can you call a cab?" I said as I paid for my treatments.
THE MALL
I felt nervous as I got out of the taxi. I had my new outfit in my handbag, and all I needed was to purchase my shoes. As I walked into the mall, I knew it was getting late and that the shops would be closing soon.
People were staring at me because as I walked along with my boobs, unencumbered with a bra, were happily bouncing around. It was only when I caught a glimpse of myself in a shop window that made me realise the real reason why I was being stared at: in the bright, fluorescent mall lighting, the thin, grey cashmere fabric was doing nothing to hide my firm breasts with their puffy areola and jewelled nipples from view. It was mostly men who were staring at me, but there were also a few women looking. I'm not sure whether they were envious or annoyed seeing me like this. I didn't care. I really liked being on view.
Mike, the owner of Mike's Shoes, recognised me as soon as I walked into his store. "Hi, Anne. We're closing in a few minutes," he said with a smile. "Take a seat, and I'll lock up the store. I'll pull the curtains closed so you will be able to try on your shoes without anyone looking in. That's what you want, Isn't it?"
"Yes," I said breathlessly.
Mike locked the main door into his shop and operated the roller curtains effectively blocking anyone from looking into the shop floor.
"I'm running late," I said. "Can I get changed while I'm here?" I asked.
"Yes, certainly. You look fabulous, by-the-way." Was his reply.
I got the new packet of silky stay-up stockings out of my bag and peeled the plastic wrapper off.
Mike came back from his storeroom holding the box, which I presumed contained my new shoes. He took one look at my fresh pair of stockings. "Here. I'd like to help you put them on," said Mike nervously.
"Yes, that would be nice. I don't want my nails to ladder the stockings."
Mike knelt down between my feet and carefully bunched up one stocking in his hands. He slipped it on my foot, making sure that the reinforced toe and heel panels were aligned correctly before he carefully rolled the stocking up my bare leg.
He made sure the stocking was pulled right up my thigh. When it came to the other stocking, I realised that he would see that I was not wearing any knickers and that I wasn't planning on wearing any underwear that evening.
Mike gently rolled the second stocking up my other leg. I spread my legs apart as Mike made sure the lacy stay-up bands were at the top of my legs.
Mike inhaled deeply as he caught sight of my bare pussy. "Nice," was all he said. His hands were stroking my nylon encased legs. "Now. Let's try on these shoes."
Mike opened the shoe box and took out one shoe. "What do you think?" he asked. "They're called 'Tint Platform Sandal' and all I could get was the pink colour,"
The stiletto heel was huge. It must have been six inches tall, and the shoe had a two-inch thick pink-tinted see-through platform. I gasped when I realised that I was going to have to walk in these shoes. "I think they're perfect," I said nervously.
"I'll help you put them on," said Mike softly. I could see that his eyes had dilated and his breathing had slowed right down. The first shoe slipped on easily, and Mike adjusted the clear acetate ankle strap. "How does that feel," he asked while still caressing the calf of my other leg.
"I think it fits perfectly," I responded.
"I'll help you into the other shoe, and then you can walk for me," said Mike softly.
"Yes."
Mike buckled me into the other shoe as I sat in the low seat. I was sitting on the edge of the seat, and because of the heel's height, it was nearly impossible for me not to expose my pussy while seated like this, even with my knees together.
Mike stood up and offered his hand to help me up. "Stand in front of the mirror," he instructed. "Let me help you out of your dress," he asked as he lifted the hem of my thin woollen dress up over my shoulders. I looked at myself standing naked, except for my sheer nylon stockings, in front of Mike's large store mirror.
Mike kneeled behind me. I looked down as he started to straighten the seams running up the backs of my legs. He had made me stand with my feet slightly apart, and he was breathing deeply through his nose. I am sure he could smell my arousal. I was incredibly turned on!
I could now see the full effects of the beautiful exfoliation and my spray tan. My skin looked smooth, clean and it had a golden tan colour. The oil product had stretched my skin tight, and that made my areola really puffy. Mike stood up and started to gently stroke my ponytail as he gazed at me in the mirror. He was standing right behind me, so I wiggled my hips to check his hard on being restrained by his trousers.
"Can you do something for me?" I asked.
"Yes, anything," was Mikes gasped reply.
I reached down for my handbag and retrieved the small glass jar. "Can you paint this onto my nipples?" I asked.
Mike opened the jar and saw the little brush attached to the lid. "What does it do?" he asked.
"Watch." With that, he brushed some of the Inflame on my two nipples.
Moments later, my nipples had become even more erect. They grew to twice their size. I let out a gasp as Mike brushed them with his fingers. "You're going to have to stop that, as I am going to cum soon if you continue," I whispered. "I want to save myself until tonight."
Without asking me, Mike dipped the brush back in the jar and dabbed some of the product onto my clit. My labia are quite small, and so my hairless pussy looked quite smooth. My clit hood stood out with the ring, which was attached to the upper captive ball of my VCH piercing, resting against it.
I had been sexually aroused all day, and my clit was already amazingly sensitive. We both focused on watching my pussy in the mirror as my clit became engorged with even more blood. Within a few moments, my clit was sticking out more than I had ever seen it before. It was about the same size as the end of one of my fingers.
"Whatever that product is, it works. You look sensational now!" exclaimed Mike.
"I've got to get dressed. Is there a taxi rank in this mall?" I asked as I reached for my purse to pay for the shoes.
"Where are you going? Enquired Mike. "I can drive you there."
"Into the city," I said as I slipped my new dress on. "Can I leave my old clothes and shoes here? I'll pick them up in a few days."
"I can take you into the city," offered Mike. "And yes, leave your stuff here."
I had chosen to wear my new Wicked Weasel Biosphere maxi dress that I had purchased in the fuchsia colour. This dress was completely backless. There were two halter styled panels of fabric covering my breasts that plunged low to the waist. I needed Mike to tie them together behind my neck.
The skirt part of the dress was also made in two panels with splits up to the same waistband. By adjusting the knot behind my neck determined whether I would show lots of side boobs or more thigh. Regardless of where I chose to tie the knot, the dress was incredibly revealing.
The soft, luscious stretch fabric had a subtle sheen, and it felt exquisite as it brushed against my sensitive nipples. Mike teased me by pulling the waistband quite high and holding the fabric behind my neck. Then he released some fabric which meant that it rubbed against my nipples as the dress fell down.
I decided to adjust the halter and make the waistband slightly higher than my navel. This showed off my cleavage, and it was impossible to hide the fact that I was wearing stockings: the lace bands and bare skin above was visible even when I cautiously took small steps.
Mike stood back as I walked up and down, like a catwalk model. The dress flared out as I twirled around and clearly showed that I wasn't wearing any knickers. My bejewelled nipples were clearly outlined through the light stretch fabric of the halter top, and when looking side on, my entire sides of my boobs were visible.
"I've got to get to the restaurant, but I don't want to walk through the mall looking like this," I said. Nerves had finally got the better of me.
"That's ok. We can get to the staff car park through the back entrance," reassured Mike.
DINNER DATE
Once Mike drove his car out of the mall's carpark, it was apparent that we had hit the Friday evening rush hour traffic. Fortunately, we were able to use the T2 priority lane onto the motorway as there were two occupants in this vehicle. The benefit was short-lived, as once on the highway itself, traffic was moving very slowly.
I had been on sexually on edge all day and was fighting the urge to reach under my dress and play with my clit. I looked over at Mike and saw that he had a respectable bulge in his trousers, so I decided to do the next best thing.
I reached over and rubbed Mike's hard on as I leant into his ear whispering, "Take out your cock for me."
He glanced at me with a grin as he unzipped his fly. He reached into his trousers to free his cock.
"Keep your eyes on the road!" I teased as I reached over to help him release his cock.
It took a little effort to free Mike's cock, but the effort was worth it. He had a beautiful hard-on. I leant over and rested against his shoulder as I started stroking him. "Do you want to know what I'll be up to tonight," I whispered in his ear.
"Yes."
"Our business partner is over here from Germany," I said. "My husband is going to share me with him tonight."
"Oh."
"Have you ever had a threesome?"
"No," Mike replied.
"Neither have I," I purred. "I'm looking forward to being fucked by two men!"
I could see that Mike's eyes were glazing over slightly as he fought between concentrating on driving while I played with him.
"I haven't had sex for over two weeks," I continued. "I've been wet all day."
"Hmmm."
"I enjoyed it when you stroked my hair."
"Hmmm."
"You love stockings, don't you?"
"Hmmm."
"Keep your eyes on the road!" I teased as I rubbed my two stocking clad legs together. "Seeing me with all my clothes stripped off except these fuck-me heels and stockings really turned you on, didn't it?"
"Hmmm." Mike placed his free hand on my upper thigh as he stroked that taboo area of skin above my stocking.
"I love the feel of the smooth nylon on my skin."
"Hmmm."
"Have you seen a woman with pierced nipples before?"
"Hmmm. No."
"Did you like touching my hard nipples?"
"Yes." Mike was pressing back in his seat as he tried to stretch his legs out while in the confines of the driver's seat. I sensed that he would cum soon.
"My nipples are so sensitive now. Can you see how hard they are?"
"Hmmm," hummed Mike as he turned to gaze at me.
"Eyes on the road!" I breathed. "Cum for me."
"Yes. I'm close to cumming."
"I want to watch you squirt out all your cum. Think of me being fucked in a few hours."
That was enough to push Mike over the edge. He let out a low moan as his cum splattered over my hand and his trousers. Just then, there was a loud honk from a truck's horn that was driving close to us. The driver looked over at us and gave a big thumbs up signal.
As we completed our journey into the city, I sat back and contemplated what was going on. I had just paraded naked in a shoe shop, effectively giving the owner a private striptease. I had now wanked him off in his car on a busy motorway while he drove me into town. I had been seen by goodness knows how many strangers. And to top it all off, I was planning to have my first threesome with a German man that I barely knew and my husband later that evening.
I was wearing shoes that were marketed as stripper heels, and a thin maxi dress made of fabric that was so thin that it would fly open with the slightest breeze revealing that I wasn't wearing any underwear and had on the sheerest black stockings I could find.
Mike announced that we had arrived downtown which broke my train of thought. He stopped the car next to the restaurant and leapt out of the driver's door. Ever the gentleman, he opened my door and helped me out onto the pavement.
"Shall I walk you to the restaurant?" he asked.
"No, I'll be fine," I replied. "Thanks for the ride."
"Thank you! It's not a trip I will ever forget." Mike replied.
I could still see where his cum had marked his shirt, and while he had put his cock back in his trousers, his fly was still open.
Dinner was booked at the Dockside Bar and Restaurant on Queens Wharf. When I walked in, a saw the distinctive bar area: it had these old lighthouse Fresnel lenses that gave out a pale blue light onto the floor.
I remembered seeing these types of lenses continually rotating in the lamp room of the old Cape Byron lighthouse last year. Apparently, the lenses turned during the day to stop sunlight focusing through the glass and starting fires in the surrounding bush. That's why they are always moving.
The maître d' remembered me from the last time I had come to his restaurant. He escorted me through the restaurant, past all the other diners, to where Mark and Rutger were waiting for me. Both men stood up as I approached the table.
Rutger let out a small breath as he looked at me. "Anne. You look . . . divine," he said as he held my shoulders and kissed both checks in a very European way.
Our table was at the back of the restaurant and reasonably private. Mark pulled out my chair and helped me sit down. I had my back to the rear wall while Mark and Rutger sat down on either side of me. I had a clear view out to the rest of the dining room. My heart was pounding, and I could feel my pussy getting wet.
The soft fabric of my dress slipped off my thighs as I sat down and my very sheer stay-up black stockings could be seen by anyone close enough to us. My very hard nipples were poking out under the thin fabric of my dress. The diamonds in the captive balls were slightly visible as well.
We started some small talk as the menus were brought out to us. The men discussed what wine we would drink as I scanned through all the enticing selections. I hadn't eaten since lunch, but I wasn't feeling famished.
Once we had ordered our meals, we all started some small talk. The men were extremely complimentary on my outfit. I felt Mark place a hand on my thigh as he teased my upper thigh above the lace band of my stocking. I parted my legs slightly and nonchalantly continued the conversation.
There was a pause in the discussion, so I leant over to give Mark a sweet kiss. I was looking at him straight in his eyes as I felt his hand venturing between my legs.
I smiled as Mark gave me a surprised look: his fingers had made contact with Rutger's hand. Rutger had been playing with my clit from almost the moment we had sat down. I gave my husband a beautiful, wet kiss as I moaned my pleasure.
"I love you," I said as we broke the silence. I reached over and rubbed Mark's hard-on through his trousers.
"I Love you, too," Mark replied. "I'm looking forward to later."
"So am I," I revealed. I went to brush Rutger's hand away from between my legs. "Let's wait until later," I suggested. "I'll cum too soon with you playing with me, otherwise," I revealed.
"Ich freue mich darauf," said Rutger. He then corrected himself, "I'm looking forward to that."
"I love listening to your German accent," I commented. "Although I can't understand what you are saying, most of the time."
Dinner was fabulous. Both men were acting like gentlemen. Perhaps it was their nerves coming through as they contemplated what might take place after the meal.
I did feel slightly tipsy. My wine glass had been kept topped up throughout the night: the waiter had been very attentive through the evening. He kept spying my cleavage as he walked past our table. Topping up my wine had given him plenty of opportunities to look at me on full display.
HOTEL ROOM
Before I knew it, the meal was over and Rutger got up and paid the bill.
I stood up and I could feel the effects of the wine on my head. Plus wearing these 'come-fuck-me' shoes wasn't helping my sense of balance.
The men gallantly supported me as I walked the few yards to the entrance of the hotel. I was finding it difficult to walk in these sexy high heels. Mark held my hand while Rutger had his hand around my waist.
There was the slightest breeze. My dress blew around softly exposing my stocking clad legs. I am sure that every now and then I was fully exposed as the wind teasingly lifted the light fabric away from my body. Fortunately, there were not that many people about, but the few people that did see me got to see quite a lot of skin!
We walked through the Hotel lobby and caught a lift. When we reached our floor, Rutger walked in front as Mark guided me from behind. His hand was under my dress and stroking my bare arse.
Rutger used his security card to unlock the door to his hotel room and allowed Mark and I to enter. I walked in first, and Mark followed close behind me. Rutger walked past us and went to close the curtains.
"Leave them open," I said.
Rutger turned to face me with a big grin on his face. Just as he did that, Mark pulled on the bow that tied the dress' halter straps behind my neck. The bodice immediately fell exposing my breasts. Mark eased the dress over my hips, and it fell smoothly to the floor.
I was standing in front of this gorgeous German man wearing only these killer heels and stockings. My fuchsia dress had pooled around my feet on the floor. Mark reached down and held my wrists to my side as he presented me to Rutger.
Rutger said nothing but he moved closer to me. I moaned as he reached up and gently caressed my hard, jewelled nipples.
Mark put an arm low around my waist and gently, but firmly, pushed on my back as he encouraged me to bend over. I had to press my arse into his groin to steady myself. I could feel his erection pressing into me.
As I leant forward, I reached out and unzipped Rutger's fly and pulled out his hard cock. I already suspected that he would he would be big, but I wasn't expecting just how big his cock was. It wasn't long, but his cock was beautifully thick. I knew that its girth would stretch me when he inevitably fucked me.
I started to lick the head of his cock.
"That's right you beautiful babe," gasped Rutger as I enclosed the head of his cock with my lips. My tongue swirled around the head.
I stopped briefly as I looked up at him. "Please speak to me in German!" I asked breathlessly.
"Oh, das fühlt sich so gut an," said Rutger in his broad German accent. "Lutsch an meinem harten Schwanz."
Mark had knelt behind me and was gripping my thighs firmly. He spread my arse cheeks apart and started to lick me.
"Du bist die beste Schlampe." I didn't know what Rutger was saying but hearing him talk to me in his thick accent this way was really turning me on.
Mark was teasing my clit jewellery with his tongue while his nose was buried in my wet pussy. I could hear him take in deep breaths and I knew he was getting horny from my scent.
Mark was licking with long, deliberate strokes of his tongue. He would start at my clit and then lick my pussy, allowing his tongue to enter my pussy as it drifted past up, He would then tease my rosebud as he licked the sensitive skin around my arse.
My mouth was full of German cock, so I began humming my satisfaction.
"Oh Gott, das fühlt sich gut an. Weiter summen," cried out Rutger.
I looked up at Rutger as I tried to get more of his cock into my mouth.
"Ich komme gleich, wenn du nicht aufhörst."
Mark stopped what he was doing to me and stood up.
There was this small circular table next to the big plate window. Mark helped me up onto the table and got me to lie back. He placed a small cushion behind my head.
Grabbing onto the high heels of my shoes, Mark pulled my legs back, so my knees rested on the table top. My pelvis was pivoted up, and my legs were spread wide open. I could see that my glistening wet pussy was smeared with my juices combined with Mark's saliva.
"Jetzt fick meine Frau," instructed Mark in broken German. "She's being waiting for this ever since she met you last month," he added.
"I didn't know you two were married," he said in English. "Are you sure you want this?" he asked.
I'm not sure who he was talking to, but Mark replied, "I want Anne to be my Hotwife. I want to watch her fucking other men."
"Do you want me to wear ein kondom?" Rutger asked. "I am clean. How do you say 'Bluttest'?" he asked. That's right. I've had a blood test."
"I trust you, and I want to really feel your cock filling me up!" I said. "And besides, I want you to fuck me every time we meet."
Rutger placed the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy and started to rub his head up and down my slick pussy. "Hotwife, heiße Ehefrau," he said lustfully.
"Yes."
With that, Rutger plunged his thick, hard cock into my pussy. The feeling was exquisite as he stretched me wide open. I let out a long moan and, as my eyes rolled to the back of my head, I caught a look at my husband's excited expression.
I grabbed his cock. I said, "your cock is twitching. Seeing another man fuck me is turning you on, isn't it?"
"Oh, yesss," Mark replied as I took his cock in my mouth.
My head was draped over the edge of the table, and the small cushion came to rest under my neck. My throat was stretched out. As Rutger pounded his hard cock into to me, Marks cock went further into my throat until eventually, it was all the way in.
Rutger was gripping me firmly on my chest. He started brushing his thumbs over my sensitive nipples. As he tweaked my nipple jewellery, I arched my back as these exquisite feelings surged through me. "Anne, du bist so eng . . . you are so tight," moaned Rutger has he plunged into me.
Arching my back had tipped my pelvis forward and, as Rutger slammed into me, he was now repeatedly pounding into my clit piercing. I had never felt anything like this before. The captive ball ring banged against my erect clit with each thrust. I had been on edge all afternoon, and I could now feel a massive orgasm building up.
I would have been making a lot of noise, but my mouth was full of my husband's cock. I could only manage shallow breaths, and my lips and nipples were tingling as a result.
I could feel my orgasm start building up in my fingers and toes as the sensation spread throughout my whole body. Rutger plunged his cock deep inside my pussy, and I had to let go of Marks cock to take a breath. My orgasm came crashing over me as wave after wave flooded through my body. I let out an almighty scream. Mark was holding onto the heels of my shoes as both my legs began to shake uncontrollably.
I tried to thrash about on the table, but Rutger held me down firmly as he continued to plunge his huge cock into me. I was extremely wet as I continued to cum. I could hear squelching noises as Rutger slapped into me. My pussy kept contracting as orgasms washed over me one after another. My whole body and legs kept trembling as I writhed about on the table.
Finally, Rutger thrust into me deeper than before, and he held himself buried inside of me. I could feel his cock swelling as he released his warm seed inside me. He let out a guttural German moan as his hot cum filled me. He stayed buried deep inside me while his cock continued to pulse in my twitching pussy.
It seemed like ages, but it was probably only half a minute before Rutger pulled out of my well-used pussy. Mark let go of my legs, and I slumped on the table.
I hadn't seen him move, but Mark sat down on one of the chairs and began to lick my pussy clean of Rutger's cum. He softly spread my legs apart as I was too exhausted to move.
I had yet another wild orgasm as Mark started to suck on my clit piercing. This felt exquisite on my sensitive, erect clit. As Mark looked up at me, with his face glistening with Rutger's cum and my juices, he inserted three of his fingers in my pussy. I mumbled incoherently as he brought me to my last orgasm.
I stayed slumped on the table as both men stood over me. Mark's cock was glistening from my saliva, and Rutger stood with his glistening cock right next to my face. He fed the head of his cock into my mouth as he got me to clean it up.
Then Mark picked me up in his arms as Rutger turned down the sheets of the oversized King bed. Mark gently lowered me into the bed and then the two men got into bed on each side of me. I was facing Mark, and I reached out and gave him a delicious kiss. I could taste my juices and Rutger's cum on his lips. The last words I said were, "I love you."
Mark replied, "I love you, too."
I drifted off to a lazy sleep being cocooned by these two wonderful men. My last memory was the feeling of one hard cock pressing into my belly while the other hard cock pushing into my back.
WAKING UP
I floated into dreamy wakefulness. I felt amazingly turned on as the morning twilight very slowly entered the room. I felt the head of a cock pressing against my wet pussy, and as I slightly rolled over, I felt it enter me. I was gently fucked first thing in the morning with these slow, shallow strokes.
I could see my husband in front of me, so I reached over and gave him a long, wet, French kiss. I reached out to give him a hug and, as I moved my arms up, one arm brushed against his hard cock. It was only then that I remembered that I was in bed with two men and that it wasn't my husband fucking me at the moment.
Mark reached down with one hand and gripped and squeezed my outer labia. This made it feel as if my pussy was gripping the cock inside me even tighter. I heard a moan from behind and, as I drifted awake, I remembered that it was Rutger in bed with us. His hands were cupping my breasts and teasing my over-sensitive nipples.
I felt loved and cherished as these two men gently broke the dawn while fucking me slowly and gently. I sensed that Rutger was close to cumming and then he let out a quiet moan as his cum filled me. This time only the head of his cock was inside me so, once he pulled out, I could feel his cum dribbling out of me.
"Ich lass euch beiden Turteltauben jetzt allein - I'll leave you two love birds alone," he said as he got out of bed and went to have a shower.
Mark rolled me onto my front and pulled my arse up. He stood on the bed with his feet either side of my chest. He then leant back and plunged his cock straight down into my pussy. He was holding onto the bed's headboard.
I looked over into the mirror on the wardrobe. In the low morning light, I could see Mark driving his cock vertically down into my pussy. My back was arched, and it was as if Mark was a pile driving me. As he pulled his cock out, I could see that it was covered in Rutger's thick cum.
Mark's balls were slapping my perineum. It didn't take long before that familiar feeling of an impending orgasm hit me. I whispered, "I'm about to cum. Look at me in the mirror."
Mark twisted his face and looked at me. As our eyes met I let go. "Oh yes. I'm cumming" I panted.
Just then, Mark erupted inside me. I could feel his cock twitching as my pussy clenched around his hardness. I felt so connected with my husband as we had a simultaneous orgasm together.
Rutger and finished shower and came back into the room wearing one of the hotel's robes.
Mark helped me get up off the bed and lead me into the bathroom. The shower was gloriously warm on my tired body. Mark knelt behind me, and I watched him in the steamy mirror lick me clean as two men's cum dribbled out of my pussy onto his willing, attentive tongue.
Mark then gripped my arse cheeks and started licking my arse. I was surprised at how sensitive this felt. Shortly after that, Mark stood up, and we rubbed each other over with soap suds to get clean. Mark was finished first and, as I wanted to wash my hair, he exited and left me in the shower.
When I had finished my shower, I dried myself off and wrapped a towel around my wet hair. Mark had taken the remaining robe, and so there wasn't one left for me. I had packed a small overnight bag which Mark had brought to Rutger's room earlier.
I started to get dressed by putting on my Wicked Weasel daisy knickers. I knew the men would like these as, apart from a small panel of lace, the fabric was see-through when dry! I was still slightly aroused, and I could see a small wet patch develop on the knickers. I reached over and picked up a little schoolgirl skirt that I thought I would wear today.
When I walked into the main room to show off in front of the two men, Rutger was sitting on the sofa with his bathrobe wide open. He was stroking his thick, hard cock and looking at me lustfully.
Without saying a word, Mark came over to me and guided me to the sofa where Rutger was sitting. He asked me to kneel astride Rutger's legs. Mark then pulled the thin knickers aside and used some of his saliva to lube up my pussy. As Rutger placed the head of his cock at my entrance, Mark pushed down on my shoulders.
I willingly, once again, felt Rutger's girth stretch my pussy wide open. "Oh, babe!" he exclaimed as my pussy slid down onto his manhood.
Mark had lubed up his cock with some more saliva. He gently pushed me forward onto Rutger's chest as I felt the head of his cock press against my sphincter. Mark whispered in my ear, "Take a deep breath."
I inhaled deeply and said, "Yes," Being fucked by two men had always been a fantasy of mine and I knew what was about to happen. As I exhaled, Mark slowly but firmly plunged his cock into my arse. There was slight discomfort as the Head of Mark's cock stretched me open. The unrelenting pressure meant that he soon had his cock buried deep inside my arse.
I remembered, years ago, trying anal sex. That had not been a pleasant experience. This was an entirely different experience altogether. Perhaps I was more relaxed. I was undoubtedly more trusting of Mark than I was of that high school boyfriend all those year's ago. Reaching back and holding Marks face next to my ear I hissed, "Oh, that feels wonderfully full,"
"Mmm," was all Mark could say.
Rutger started pumping his cock into me as I was held immobile and impaled on these two hard cocks. "Now you, too, can feel what it is like to have another man fuck me. Enjoy!" I whispered into Mark's ear.
Mark did not move much. He didn't need to. As Rutger pumped in and out of me, the head of his cock kept pressing delightfully into the soft, padded area of my G-spot. Mark's cock in my arse was forcing Rutger's cock firmly onto the front wall of my vagina. The harder Rutger pumped, the more I felt like I was approaching an amazingly intense orgasm.
"Anne, Kannst du spüren, wie eng es ist?" murmured Rutger. "Du bist so eng. You are so tight."
I could feel my orgasm building up. "I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum," I panted uncontrollably.
"I'm C U M M I NG," I screamed. "Oh, Fuck, I'm cumming," As I squirted cum all over the cocks of these two men fucking me.
My orgasm was intensified because my arse kept contracting around Mark's cock. He let out a moan as I felt his cock twitching as he released his hot cum into my arse. Just then, Rutger had his own orgasm. Having two twitching, orgasming cocks buried deep inside me set me off on yet another, wet orgasm.
There was a knock on the door as room service arrived with breakfast. The two men quickly rolled off me as Mark unwrapped the towel from my head. He used this to wipe himself clean. The two men wrapped themselves in their bathrobes while I was left dishevelled on the sofa.
I was too exhausted to move. I looked down and saw that all my squirting had made my knickers totally transparent and my hair was all over the place. The young concierge just stared at me lying back on the couch as he pushed the breakfast trolley into the room. He set up breakfast on the table that I had been fucked on last night.
Rutger gave the concierge a generous tip and arranged the breakfast selection on the table. "Let's eat," he said as he assisted me over to the table.
"I'm not all that hungry," I announced.
"Mark," said Rutger. "After breakfast, I am going to need those marketing figures we talked about yesterday."
"Ok," replied Mark. "I'll need to go to the office, then."
"Ja. You do that," commented Rutger. "I can drive Anne home in my rental car."
I looked over at the two men. Mark had a slightly dumbfounded expression while Rutger had a cheeky grin on his face as he winked at me. I reached out to Mark. "Come over to my place after you have finished at the office," I offered. "I'll help make sense of all the figures."
"Then it's all agreed," said Rutger. "Let's eat breakfast."