James lay on top of his bed. He couldn't sleep because his penis was extremely itchy. He so desperately wanted to scratch it, but he had been warned, that would only make it worse. So, what STD had made his cock so swollen and itchy. Well actually, it was a bee sting he had received earlier that day when he helped collect the honey from the beehives at Greenholt Gardens.
At the time this story, he was a senior at Cedar Hill High School, and his main interest was audio / visual techniques.
He thought, "What can I do to take my mind off this damn itch? ... Perhaps if I start on an outline for the next movie I want to film... OK, so what do I have; Veronica and Natt will probably agree to star in it if they can play opposite each other... ah, perhaps as a couple. Yeah damn; that would make it another love story, from their first meeting through their various stages love making. That will have to do unless I think of something else..."
Veronica Watson was the head cheerleader at Cedar Hill High School, where she was also a senior. She was tall with the flawless body of a ballet dancer. She had long ginger hair that went well with her fair skin and hazel-green eyes. She always seemed very confident.
Nathaniel (Natt) Arthur was the night security guard at the Greenholt Gardens and the person who looked after the beehives there. He was the one James was helping when he was stung.
James was stumped for a while, trying to find a different part for Chantelle, his girl-friend. He didn't want to just remake the first film with her staring as Gwen, the representation of the couple's hidden attraction. He needed a different approach.
Suddenly he had an idea, "Who or what would help a couple progress through their relationship. Why Cupid, of course. Yeah; Shell would love to play a naked Cupid."
Chantelle Spiros was also a cheerleader at Cedar Hill High School; a class-mate of Veronica, and her best friend. She and Veronica had similar builds, but Chantelle had long dark hair which was in contrast with her fair skin and blue eyes. At school she was always immaculately dressed, and looking like she'd spent the morning in a beauty salon.
James created a file called Movie2.docx on his laptop and typed into it some rough notes on his ideas so far, then he looked up pictures of Cupid on the internet.
He observed, "Cupid certainly could be nude, or draped with lace across her private parts. Ah; but most pictures showed Cupid with wings. I wonder if Tonni will be able to provide those."
Antoinette (Tonni) Arthur had been the producer, the director, and the costume maker on his previous movie, and he had assumed she would be willing to do these jobs again.
Tonni was Natt's younger sister. She and James were partners in their audio/visual laboratory sessions at Cedar Hill High School. It was James who introduced Tonni to Chantelle, and she and Tonni had become very close friends; they were kindred spirits. Tonni had, just that day, discovered her enjoyment of being nude; perhaps this tendency was to be expected, given that she had stopped wearing panties under her miniskirt, even at school.
Next, James concentrated on providing greater details of the story line. "Let's see, their love story should start with their first meetings... Perhaps in a coffee shop, say the canteen at Greenholt Gardens. Cupid could use her powers to ensure that appropriate romantic music played in the background... The next location could be a picture theatre. We could use the school auditorium where the English department performs it plays. The one where Shell had seduced me while I was controlling the lights and sound for a school performance of Shakespeare. With Cupids help, their relationship will progress to petting; his hand up her dress; her hand rubbing the bulge in his pants... The final location could be... ah, lets see, perhaps a picnic on a lawn at the Greenholt Gardens. Cupid will put thoughts into their heads by touching their foreheads with an arrow. Here they progress to oral sex and then finally intercourse, although the intercourse should be simulated; we can't ask the couple to actually do ..."
It worked; thinking of these things distracted his mind enough that he dropped off to sleep.
When he awoke early Sunday morning, he immediately added to the draft file the thoughts he had just before he fell asleep.
He was desperate to get feedback from Chantelle and Tonni, so he e-mailed them the draft file and the picture of Cupid that he liked best.
After his breakfast James rang Chantelle.
"Hi Jamie. I read your revised plot for the movie remake." She sounded excited.
"Great; what do you think?"
"I really like the idea of replacing Gwen with Cupid."
"Good. I know you'll make a beautiful Cupid, with or without covering."
"Thanks... Are we going to do like before? Cupid will start modestly dressed, say with lace draped around me, then progressively uncover, until I'm completely nude in the final scene?"
"Nah..."
Chantelle interrupted before he could explain, "NO! What do you mean, no?" She had like that in the original movie.
"I thought you should be nude the entire time. You did say you wanted a remake with full nudity, didn't you?"
"Yeah. Great... But I guess filming will have to wait for the covid lockdown to end."
"Actually, we may be able to use the lockdown to our advantage. If Natt lets us into the gardens again, then we will have them completely to ourselves, no other people."
Chantelle voice sounded excited again, "Yeah, that's true."
Sounding slightly worried, James asked, "Do you think you can convince Veronica to play the role of Ingrid?"
"Yeah, I'm sure. She teased Natt so much when she was at the gardens with us, that I think she really likes him, and will jump at the chance to see him again... Gee, I hope Tonni can persuade Natt to play the role of Max. We need him so that Veronica will agree."
"You're right. I'm going to phone Tonni right now and ask her to convince Natt to star in it."
"Good luck. Love You." And with that Chantelle hung up.
James immediately phoned Tonni.
Tonni answered cheerfully, "Hi Jamie."
"Hi Tonni."
"You know, your timing is great. I only just finished reading your revised plot."
"What about the picture of Cupid? Have you looked at it?"
"Yeah."
"Do you think you can make a pair of wings for Shell to wear as Cupid?"
"I have been thinking about them... I reckon I'll start with a wire frame for each side, and then add feathers made from stiff white paper."
"That sounds great... How will they be held in place?"
Tonni thought out loud, "Perhaps a fishing line or elastic around the neck and another around the chest... Yeah, that should work."
"Great... About the filming. The first location in the coffee shop will need some extras; a waitress and some customers. Maybe this should be shot once the covid lockdown has ended... Or; would you like to play the waitress, and could you or Chantelle maybe convince Darren and Kim to act as customers?"
"I think that would be too many people to smuggle into the gardens at any one time, don't you?"
James reluctantly agreed, "Yeah... However, if we prepare a detailed story board, there may be some scenes that could be shot with just Veronica and Natt."
"Maybe so; but that would make it very difficult to keep the continuity correct. Let's just leave filming of the coffee shop scenes until later."
James was despondent, "OK... I think the need for extras is even worse for the next location, the movie theatre. So, I assume it too will have to wait."
Tonni was also upset with the situation, "Yeah. This lockdown is a real bummer."
"But I think the lockdown will work in our favour when it comes to the picnic scenes. The Greenholt Gardens are shut at present, aren't they?"
"Yeah."
"Well, if Natt can let us in like he did yesterday, then we'll have the whole place to ourselves, wouldn't we?"
Tonni response was definitely happier, "Yeah, you're right."
"If we complete the detailed script for those scenes, then we could film them the next time Natt does the bees... Do you know when that will be?"
"Probably in two or three weeks; it depends on how many sunny days we have."
James suddenly remembered another complication of the lockdown, no access to the High School. "Oh shit! I just realised we don't have the cameras and other equipment we will need."
"Actually, we do. When the lockdown was announced, I immediately collected all the gear we had used before and booked it all out of the school's audio/video store."
James was relieved, "Wow that's great."
"But I hadn't thought of the fact that we may be filming in the daytime."
"Ah... So, we will need some light-reflecting screens... Perhaps we can convert something using alfoil."
"Let me check; I think we may have an all-white umbrella here at home."
"Oh good... There is one last thing, however. Do you think you can convince Natt to star as Max?"
"I think so; I'll just tell him Veronica will be staring as Ingrid, the girl who is to become his girlfriend in the movie."
"OK, I hope it works. Bye."
"Bye Jamie."
*****
After lunch, Tonni knocked softly on Natt's bedroom door and entered immediately, without waiting for a reply.
Natt didn't know who knocked, so he desperately tried to hide his erection, and didn't manage to blank his computer screen.
Tonni spotted the video that was still playing. "What's that you've been watching... Wow! He's kissing her pussy the way Jamie kissed Shell yesterday. So why are you watching it? I thought I satisfied you yesterday?"
"Ah... Sorry sis; um... I just felt, ah, sort of horny." His face was red with embarrassment.
"Well, you should have come and got me." Tonni offered without hesitation, "You should know from yesterday, that I'll always be here for you." Yesterday she had seduced him in the canteen of the Greenholt Gardens.
Tonni had kept watching the computer, "She seems to be really enjoying it, just like Shell did... I wonder what it's like?"
Natt was amazed, "Haven't you ever been kissed like that?"
Tonni shook her head, "Nah."
Natt eyes sparkled and his whole face smiled at the prospect, when he asked, "Would you like me to do it for you?"
"Would you really?" Tonni's hand slipped under her skirt and lightly rubbed her bald pussy. She wasn't wearing any underwear.
"Well yeah. Given what you did for me yesterday; I think I owe it to you."
"Really!" Tonni flopped backwards onto his bed; lifted her skirt and spread her legs. "OK; I'm ready." She said as she rubbed her clit.
Natt stepped back, surprised, "Where are your panties?"
She continued massaging her clit, "Sorry; I don't wear them anymore."
As he positioned himself between her legs, he asked, "What; never?"
"Not for a few months now... Oh geez, that really is great. Oh, don't stop! Oh shit; oh yeah, oh yeah; oooh!"
Natt concentrated on Tonni's clit; licking and kissing it. Finally he pressed a finger into her vagina far enough to stimulate her G-spot.
Tonni's breathing became heavy, and was often punctuated by loud moans. She was so noisy in fact, that Natt was glad his bedroom was well away from the main parts of their house.
Her love juices flowed enough to ooze from her pussy and dribble down onto her skirt.
Natt continued his manipulations until Tonni had an orgasm; a very noisy orgasm.
A minute later, Natt lay recovering on his back beside Tonni, who's skirt was still up around her waist, leaving her nude pussy fully exposed and obviously dripping wet.
Suddenly the door opened. It was their mum. "Your father and I are glad to hear that you two are making love now rather than fighting. But Nathaniel; you better not make Antoinette pregnant; you hear?" Their parents always used their full names when they were in trouble.
They both froze, mortified by their discovery.
Natt thought, "Geez; we are really screwed now."
With a very stern look, their mum repeated her demand more forcefully, "You hear me; don't make Antoinette pregnant!"
Tonni summoned up enough courage to reply, "We're sorry mum. Really really sorry. But ah, Natty was only giving me my first oral sex."
"Natt, did you really do that for your sister?"
Natt nodded nervously, "Err, yeah."
Their mum smiled, "Well then, Tonni; I think you should thank your brother, properly."
"What? ... How?"
"How about you start by kissing his penis."
Keen to obey her mother, Tonni sat up and set Natt's semi-flaccid cock free.
Because his cock was so limp, she found she could take it all into her mouth, but that didn't last long. It grew quickly, until it looked like a gnarled tree-trunk; a huge tree-trunk; well over two inches thick and more than eight inches long.
As Tonni's tongue tickled the glans of Natt's cock, their mum observed, "Natt, you certainly are you father's son." Since drop of pre-cum had appeared on Natt's cock, she instructed, "Tonni, now suck the tip... Good girl; tastes a bit salty, doesn't it?"
Tonni nodded as she continued to gently suck him like a baby suckling at her mother's breast.
"Now make sure you do a good job; and when he comes, you had better take it all in the mouth and swallow it, because I don't want any to get on the bed-spread, you hear me?"
Tonni's reply, "Yes mum," was completely garbled because her mouth was full of Natt's cock.
"Are you a virgin, Tonni?" Their mum asked, as she was little bit concerned about encouraging them to have sex.
Tonni's face went red with embarrassment. She reluctantly stopped sucking, "Nah; sorry mum."
"Well, I hope you always take precautions."
"Ah; it's alright mum; I'm ah, taking the pill."
"Good girl; then you have our blessing... Carry on." And with that, she left closing the door behind her.
They look into each other's eyes and breathed a huge sigh of relief.
Natt said what they were both thinking, "Holly shit; can you believe mum and dad aren't going to kill us?"
"More than that, they seem to be happy for us to keep doing it together."
"Yeah... Wow."
Tonni resumed working on Natt's cock.
She thought he would come quicker than he did; but she continued, because she really did believe she owed him that much.
"Look out sis; I'm about to cum!" Natt warned.
Tonni lifted her head so that only the tip of his cock was in her mouth, leaving plenty of room for what was to cum.
Finally, Natt sprayed three spurts of sperm into her eager mouth. She swallowed after each one.
She smiled; pleased that she had succeeded in making him cum; and in doing so, she confirmed that she liked drinking his sperm as much as Jamie's.
Once she had licked his cock clean of every drop of sperm, she lay back down on the bed and licked her lips.
Tonni started the conversation, "Did you hear Shell tell Jamie that she wanted to remake the movie that we just finished?"
Natt's answer casually, "Yeah, I heard her say that."
"Well, this time she wants it filmed the way Jamie originally intended, with full nudity."
"Really?" Natt was intrigued, because from what he had seen during the making of the original movie, it certainly contained some nudity.
"Yeah... However, Jamie has modified the story line. This time he wants Shell to play a nude Cupid that works to bring a young couple together. It starts with their first meetings, and ends with them consummating their relationship. The consummation will be simulated, of cause."
"OK; so, what's that got to do with me?" Now he was even more intrigued.
"Well, we don't think we can impose on Darren and Kim to act in another movie. So, we would like you and Veronica to be the young couple. What do you think?"
His cock twitched at that mere mention of Veronica's name. Tonni saw the movement.
"Yeah, I remember her," his cock twitched again. "She's a real ball-teaser."
"Would you like to get back at Veronica; to take her completely; to thrust that huge cock of yours into her and make her like it so much that she will want to be your girlfriend; so much that she will do whatever you want, when and where you want?" Tonni didn't think that's what he should do, she just said it to get a reaction.
Natt considered Tonni's suggestion for a while before he finally replied, "To answer your question: yes, I'd like to show Veronica who's boss."
Encouraged, Tonni asked, "Does that mean you agree to be in the movie?"
"Yeah, for sure." Natt's thoughts were of the final scene; the simulated consummation of the relationship; only he did not plan for it to be faked.
Tonni was elated, "Great. I give you a copy of what Jamie has written so far."
*****
Chantelle phoned Veronica.
"Hi Shell; what's up?" She sounded pleased that Chantelle had phoned, yet curious as to why.
"Hi Veronica. I think I told you that Jamie was making a movie starring me as a main character."
"Yeah, I remember." Veronica was intrigued; she thought, "So?"
"Well, we've finished filming it."
Veronica acknowledged that, "Ah; OK." and then she added a not-so-subtle plea, "You do know I haven't seen any of that movie, don't you?"
"Yeah; I'll see that you get a copy once Jamie and Tonni have finished editing it."
That pleased her, and so she responded, "Good." but she still wondered if there was more to the phone call than just that news.
Chantelle continued, "Anyway, Jamie has written another script in which I will play Cupid as she works to bring a young couple together. It starts with their first meetings, and ends with them consummating their relationship; actually, the consummation will not be real, but the viewer won't be able to tell because of the camera angle."
"Ah ha. So why are you telling me this?" Her voice sounded genuinely puzzled.
"Because, we don't think we can impose on Darren and Kim to act in another movie. So, we would like you and Natt to be the young couple. You remember Natt, don't you? He's the security guard at Greenholt Gardens; the guy you so brutally teased when we were there."
Chantelle heard Veronica laugh, "Yeah; I remember him. I enjoyed pushing his buttons and seeing his reactions... So, you want me to star in the movie as his potential partner?"
Chantelle pleaded, "Yeah... Will you do it?"
"Do you think he will agree, given how badly I teased him?" Veronica continued to giggle.
Trying to sound positive, Chantelle replied, "We think he will, if you promise to stick to the script during filming. No teasing eh?"
Veronica thought, "But what about before and after filming? Oh yeah; now that could be fun. I do enjoy teasing him." After considering this prospect, she told Chantelle, "Yeah, I'll do it; and I promise to stick to the script during filming."
"Good... Now the only filming we can do during the Covid lockdown is the picnic scene. We can do that at the Greenholt Gardens, because Natt can let us in. You live close to the gardens, don't you?"
"Yeah, I only live a couple of blocks from the canteen entrance. And you know, I go that way nearly every time I walk Chum, my little Jack Russel terrier."
Her parents chose Chum as a present for Veronica, because the large patches in his coat were the same colour as Veronica's hair, and he was the confident one among the litter.
Chantelle was relieved, "Great. That means you would be able to make it there for the shooting."
"Yep; no problem."
*****
At the Arthur home three weeks later, on the Saturday morning, Natt sat in the dining room eating some muesli, when Tonni entered wearing only a thin night-dress that just came down to her groin. She was carrying a bowl of cereal and a spoon.
When Tonni turned side-on, Natt noticed the way her thigh curved back as it went up, and then out where in met the fairer skin of her bottom; he didn't know what it was about this view, but it certainly caused his fading morning erection to become rock-hard again.
Tonni noticed the bulge in Natt's pyjama pants, and its cause was partly visible through the front-opening of his pyjamas. She immediately decided not to waste this beautiful erection. So, she pulled his penis out through the fly, and then passed a leg between him and the table, and straddled him with her back to the table. Natt smiled with a mouth full of muesli.
As she pushed down on him, their mother entered, "You two at it again?"
Tonni was indignant, "Why not? You had him yesterday morning!"
Their mum countered, "Yes; but he didn't have anything to do afterwards." She knew that they planned to work on the beehives that morning.
Tonni had finished pushing down on Natt's cock; she felt his pubic hairs press against her pussy as she pleaded, "Ooh; but mum, his cock was so inviting."
Tonni was bouncing up-and-down on Natt, as their mum asked "Aren't you two supposed to be doing the bees today?"
Tonni answered, "Yeah, but..."
Their mum interrupted, "Well then, stop messing about with Natty and eat your breakfast."
"Can't we finish first; we won't be long."
Their mum suggested, "You can screw anytime. Right now, you need to have your breakfast and go to the gardens." When Tonni didn't stop, their mum continued, "What's happened to you Antoinette? Have you become a nymphomaniac or what?"
Upset at the suggestion, she immediately answered, "Ooh! No mum, I'm not, ooh!" And then she pleaded, "But doing it is so, so nice; ooh!"
"Yes, it is; but..."
Tonni flexed her sphincter muscles squeezing Natt's cock as it rubbed her G-spot. "Ooh!" she moaned.
"Have you arranged for anybody to help you and your brother today?"
"Yeah; ooh! Jamie and Shell will be there. Ooh!"
"So; you don't want to be late, do you?"
"Ooh! Guess not." Reluctantly Tonni lifted off Natt's dick and sat beside him eating her cereals.
A few mouthfuls later, Natt finished his muesli.
While he was chewing his last mouthful, their father entered the dining room. "Morning."
They both responded, "Hi dad." Then Natt left the room.
"Why such a long face Tonni?"
"Natty and I were doing it, but mum made us stop."
"Really; why?"
"She said we didn't have time because we're going to do the bees today."
"Ah... If you sit on my lap facing the table, then you can eat and enjoy doing it at the same time. What do you say?"
With a broad smile, Tonni agreed, "Oh yes please daddy."
A minute later Tonni was eating her cereals as slowly as possible, so that she could enjoy the feeling of her father's huge cock moving inside her pussy as she slid her bum back-and-forth on his lap.
*****
Natt and Tonni drove into the gardens just behind another car. It was Chantelle and James.
Chantelle greeted Tonni, "Hi Tonni; have you got my wings?"
"Yeah. How about we get those clothes off you, so you can try the wings on."
"Great idea. You know me; I love to be a free spirit in these gardens."
"So do I." Tonni agreed. And they both quickly took off their clothes.
Chantelle pulled Tonni to her. They kissed. Their hands caressed each other, and finally end in mutual masturbation.
Meanwhile, James and Natt collected the necessary beekeeping gear from the canteen and headed for the apiary.
Tonni and Chantelle checked out the proposed picnic spot, while Natt and James worked the two hives. This time they took four frames of capped honey from each of the hives. Neither of the guys was stung.
The site the girls chose for the picnic was on a level grassed area beside the brook. They selected this position because the gurgling sound of the water around the rocks was most pleasing, and it was close to the pool where Max and Ingrid were to go skinny dipping.
Veronica arrived just as the others finished their preparations. Natt and James had just returned from pinching the frames of honey from the bees, and Chantelle had Cupid's wings fitted snugly on her nude shoulders.
Veronica wore a white crop-top and a pleated green miniskirt. She tied Chum to a nearby tree and fetched him a bowl of water.
Once Veronica was inside, Tonni approached her with the outfit she was to wear as Ingrid.
"Do you want me to change into those now?" She asked.
"Yes, then we can start filming."
"Oh; OK." Veronica replied with a cheeky glint in her eyes.
She took Ingrid's outfit and bent over to place them on a nearby chair. Her arse cheeks were fully visible either side of her thong panty. Her panties were green lace trimmed with black edging. The black made her firm nicely-rounded cheeks seem even paler, smooth, and unblemished, like a baby's bum.
She stood and hurriedly pushed the back of her skirt down, pretending she had suddenly realised what had happened.
Veronica stood in full view of the others; she did not seek a private place to change. She proceeded to do the sexiest striptease she could. She had spent many hours on the internet watching striptease videos, planning what she would do and practicing the routine she was about to perform. Her aim was to tease Natt as much as possible.
To begin the actual strip-tease, Veronica reached up under her skirt with both hands and pulled her panties down over her bum to her knees. Then she quickly pulled them back up again, as if she had changed her mind.
She looked into Natt's eyes; smiled provocatively, and with determination, commenced again. This time she let her panties fall from her hands, so they slid slowly down her legs to her ankles, then she stepped out of them.
Next, she removed her crop-top: first using her right hand, she lifted the right side enough to reveal her bra, then as she reached for the left side, the right dropped hiding her bra again; finally, she used both hands to slowly pull the front up and over her head. She swung it about before she dropped it in Natt's lap with a mischievous smile. Her bra matched her panty: it was a green demi-cup bra with a trim of white lace that barely covered her nipples, and it had black edging along the bottom.
So far, she had not shown any private parts, but that was about to change. She took a deep breath; and then proceeded.
She reached behind and unclasped her bra. With her left arm over her breasts, she slipped the bra from under her arm, first on the left side and then on the right. Then she twirled the bra above her head, causing her breasts and left arm to wobble sideways just a little, before she flicked her bra toward Natt. He caught it with great skill. She caught his eye and mouthed, "Well done."
Veronica turned to face away from Natt, before she lowered her left arm. Her hair had fallen over her breasts; it was still there as she turned back to face him, with her head up and her shoulders back to emphasise her breasts. She caught the strands of hair in her fingers and swept them back behind her shoulders. Her breasts were firm and perfectly shaped, just like two champagne glasses, and close enough to form a delightful cleavage. Her nipples were reddish and well extended.
She wiggled her hips about for a few minutes as she very slowly turned around. This provided many tantalising glimpses of her bald pussy and her bum cheeks. Her breasts stood firm, moving only just a little.
Veronica stopped turning when she was again facing away from Natt. She run her hands down the front of her legs all the way to her ankles; this caused her skirt to ride up at the back to expose her pale nicely-rounded cheeks and her pussy was visible between her legs. She twisted her head to the left and looked past her hips at Natt, so she could gauge his reaction. She posed like that for a second before she moved her hands back up and stood.
Next, she unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor. After placing her hands over her pussy, she turned around to face the others.
Then Veronica took a deep breath, and with a shout, "Da-dah!" she raised her arms. Her face was flushed. She stood fully exposed with her feet slightly apart, so it was that they all could clearly see her swollen pussy was smooth and red; the same colour as a blond guy's erect penis.
Finally, she briefly sucked two fingers, licked her lips, and then smiled provocatively at Natt, as if to say, "Do you like what you see?"
Veronica's striptease reminded James of the striptease she had performed in the school canteen that Monday when Chantelle first went to her classes naked. There was one main difference however; there were no boys encouraging her with their whistling and shouts of "GET IT OFF; GET IT OFF!"
Natt had tried not to watch, but he couldn't resist. He had to admit she was extremely sexy, and definitely a real ball-teaser. He looked forward to the recording of the final scene of the movie, where he planned to show her what happed to ball-teasers such as her.
It barely took any time at all for Veronica to put on Ingrid's outfit and look respectful again, except for her flushed face.
Filming started with Ingrid carrying a picnic basket while Max had a travel blanket. They surveyed the area before them.
Max said his first line, "I think it will be nice down there next to the brook; OK?"
Ingrid responded, "Yes, it looks good."
They walked down, arm-in-arm toward the clearing.
Filming continued without any problems, exactly according to the script.
Cupid used her powers to encourage the couple, firstly to engage in some light petting and tongue-kissing. Then she had Max perform oral sex on Ingrid.
Ingrid had a real orgasm once Max stimulated her G-spot as well.
Next, Cupid gave Ingrid the desire to cool off in the pond. And not just by wading in, but by skinny-dipping.
"I'm going for a swim; would you like to join me?" She asked Max with a mischievous grin.
Ingrid stood and remove her clothes quickly, as if she was on a beach and had a bikini under, which she didn't.
Max was unable to resist, and followed her as soon as he had undressed. His plunge into the water was recorded at high speed by James, so that the spray would be displayed beautifully in slow motion on playback.
Ingrid and Max splashed about in the pond like innocent little children; flicking water onto each other, and generally fooling around.
The movie makers were wrong in thinking that they were the only ones legally avoiding the lockdown. Many people walked their dogs just as Veronica had.
An elderly gentleman and his young mistress each had a dog. This was how they avoided the lockdown and meet secretly near the Greenholt Gardens. That day they had entered the gardens via the gate Natt had forgotten to close. They were walking near the canteen, when they heard the splashing in the pond; and looking through the trees, they were just able to see Natt and Veronica. They did not see the cameras or the others. They smiled and continued on their way, looking for another place where they could enjoy their own version of lovemaking. If the movie makers had seen them, perhaps they could have asked them to act as extras in the filming of the coffee shop scenes, but it was not to be.
The script required Cupid to hover above Max and suggest he kiss Ingrid. James knew this would require the application of the "green scene" technique, however they had not yet been shown how to do this in their course at school, and it would have to be added once the lockdown ended.
Max knew what the script expected, so he lunged forward and planted a passionate kiss on Ingrid's mouth, then he turned and made a hasty retreat from the pond. Ingrid hesitated for a moment, acting as if in shock, and then followed him.
And so it was that Max and Ingrid returned to lay naked, side by side on the picnic blanket. The warm rays of the sun kissed their nakedness; it was so relaxing. They would have surely fallen asleep if it wasn't for Cupid.
At Cupid's suggestion, Max resumed caressing Ingrid's pussy, and he shifted down a little so that he could kiss her nearest breast.
Ingrid encouraged Max by reaching for his penis and gently stroking it.
Max responded by lifting his head, and while looking into her eyes, he moved his face slowly toward hers. They kissed; and this kiss soon became very sensual, with them taking turns to suck the other's tongue.
As Cupid reached out to touch Max on the forehead, the camera zoomed in on Cupid's nakedness. Her face was flushed and her pussy red and smooth with arousal. This time she gave Max the idea that the time had come to consummate his relationship with Ingrid.
This was Cupid's last action in the movie, so Chantelle retreated behind the cameras, next to Tonni, who was still naked.
Tonni embraced Chantelle; their breasts rubbed together; their hands roamed over each other, eventually seeking out the other's pussy.
James watched the girls for a second, before positioning a camera to record their embrace. He checked the image on the viewfinder, made a slight adjustment, before he returned to watching the main action between Max and Ingrid.
Max lay on the camera side of Ingrid. As he rolled on top of her, his body hid their private parts while he placed his penis in the slit of her pussy with its head just above her clitoris.
Max rocked his hips up-and-down as if they were having intercourse, and Ingrid moaned repeatedly as required by the script.
Slowly Max moved his hips lower with each stroke, until the head of his penis massaged her clitoris. Ingrid quickly became aroused and her moans were for real from then on, and not as per the script.
A few more strokes of his hips, and the head of Max's cock was between Ingrid's pussy lips, sliding toward her cunt. With his next thrust, her warm wetness enveloped the knob.
The cameras caught the surprised look on Veronica face as Natt's cock slide past her hymen, tearing it just that little bit extra necessary for her to accept his enormous cock, its thickness being well over two inches. However, she was so aroused from their petting, that she didn't register any pain. Her vagina was dripping wet, which is why his entry was even possible. And so it was that their relationship was consummated.
Then, inch by inch he pressed into her; she could feel his cock being forced deeper and deeper, stretching her inside as it went. He continued to push in until her clit nestled in the tangle of his pubic hairs. Finally, she had eight inches of his enflamed cock throbbing within her.
Veronica's head bent back; her eyes were closed, and she moaned with contentment as his cock moved within her. Back-and-forth he thrust; she could feel her insides relax as he pulled back, and stretch again each time he pushed in.
"Oh, yes; more; faster. Oh, geez yeah; don't stop!" She pleaded.
James looked at his script; that line was not there and he wondered why she said it.
Veronica had not expected it; it was not in the script, but she enjoyed it immensely. Her moans encouraged Natt, and he continued.
He did not warn her when he was about to cum. But his huge sigh told her when he actually coated her cervix with his sticky white sperm.
After that Veronica repeatedly flexed her sphincter muscles, so that her cunt massaged Natt's cock; this kept him fully erect; but it eventually caused her bum cheeks to suck the blanket up between them. Once that happened, she just lay still, enjoying the sexual after-glow.
Natt stayed on top of Veronica until his cock shrunk so much that it was barely inside her pussy.
Despite the camera angle having been chosen so that the simulated intercourse would look real, the way Natt rolled off Veronica meant that the camera did record his limp cock withdrawing from her cunt.
James immediately recognised what had happened, and so he aimed the second camera between Veronica's legs and zoomed in; it recorded her pussy as a dribble of sperm oozed out and down toward the blanket.
Just then, the ear-piercing sound of cicadas echoed around the gardens, signalling that summer was near. Their timing was such that one could imagine they were the audience applauding the excellent performance of the actors.
Veronica and Natt lay side-by-side covered in perspiration; their faces aglow.

"Veronica, what do you think of that?" Natt asked as he pointed up to his left.
"Gee, I don't know; it looks like your tiny cock and dangling balls?" She teased, smiling.
"No, not that dark cloud; can't you see the helicopter?"
"Where?"
"Just to the right of that cloud is a police helicopter." Veronica jumped to her feet, ready to run for cover, as Natt continued, "It's alright, it's not coming this way."
She frowned, "Bugger you; don't scare me like that."
Veronica was not satisfied with his love-making. His petting had ensured she was ready for it, and she had enjoyed it very, very much; but she considered she had been raped, even though she would have said yes if Natt had asked, but he didn't. She desired more, but this time she wanted to be the instigator; she wanted to be on top.
Veronica sat down and proceeded to massage Natt's cock; she wanted him rock hard again. He looked at her; their eyes met, and he saw a devilish expression on her face. He wondered what was she planning? Was she going to tease him; to get him fully aroused again and then just leave him hanging there? He didn't care, he decided to just relax and enjoy the massage while it lasted.
When Veronica thought Natt was ready, she was herself dripping wet. She straddled his hips and guided that massive cock of his into her eager cunt. This time she was on top raping him.
His sperm from before coated his cock and oozed out of her as she bounced up-and-down on him. Faster and faster she moved. James adjusted the cameras to get the best possible pictures: a general view; a shot of Natt's cock going in-and-out; and a close-up of her face. Veronica's eyes were closed and her mouth open as she sighed repeatedly.
She lent forward and kissed Natt; his tongue flicked about in her mouth; she sucked on it, and that was enough to send her over the edge.
Veronica stayed on top of him as her orgasm subsided. They stayed that way, still coupled, and the cameras kept rolling.
James looked toward the girls. They were in the 69-position with Chantelle on top; her wings moved slightly in the breeze. The camera he had placed there before was recording Tonni kissing Chantelle's clit. So, to capture Chantelle's oral stimulation of Tonni, he positioned a second camera near Tonni's right leg.
Chantelle saw the camera pointed at her face. It excited her. She wanted to experience an orgasm on camera, but this time induced by oral stimulation, rather than masturbation.
Tonni's mouth pressed against Chantelle's pussy, while her tongue licked around Chantelle's clit. Chantelle was unable to concentrate enough to kiss Tonni at the same time, she just couldn't ignore the messages that her clit was sending to her brain. The stimulation caused her hormones to surge through her entire body as she headed for her strongest orgasm ever.
As James moved toward them, Chantelle's nude body glistened in the sunlight; she arched her back and her muscles tensed; she climaxed; her high-pitched screams resonated throughout the garden, even drowning out the sound of the cicadas.
Afterwards Chantelle collapsed back onto Tonni's body. She looked spent, but satisfied.
James positioned himself between Chantelle's legs. Her cunt was just there begging; its wetness obvious just above Tonni's nose.
Tonni saw him approach, and she smiled at him provocatively. Then she tipped her head back and offered him her mouth. He had intended to penetrate Chantelle, but he decided to let Tonni suck him first.
James placed the tip of his cock into Tonni's mouth; she tickled his glans with her tongue, before he started fucking her mouth with short strokes, going a little deeper with each stroke. Tonni had seen that his cock was not as fat as Natt's, perhaps a quarter of an inch thinner, but every bit as long.
James did not intend for it to happen; in fact, he never even thought it possible, but it occurred partly because Tonni did not have a gag-reflex and did not stop him. So, there they were, with the tip of his cock deep in Tonni's throat. He could even see the bulge in her neck where it was.
They were both amazed that she was able to deep-throat his cock. It was the first time for both of them. James thought it a great sensation. He pulled out and then pressed back in, this time in one smooth, but slow motion. The way her throat massaged his glans during his entry and exit was mind-blowing. He repeated this action again, but he knew if he continued, he would be making a deposit direct into Tonni's stomach. However, he really wanted to cum in Chantelle's pussy.
So, James switched his attention to Chantelle's vagina, and Tonni returned to stimulating Chantelle's clit.
Initially, Chantelle thought it was Tonni's fingers entering her, but when she realised that it wasn't, she lifted her hips and welcomed his cock. She knew the camera was still recording them, and she thought, "I've been filmed having a climax while masturbating, and while being sucked; now I want to be filmed having an orgasm while being fucked."
Tonni could no longer reach Chantelle's clit, so she occupied herself by sucking Jamie's balls.
*****
For the rest of the lockdown, Natt and Veronica regularly met at the Greenholt Gardens. She walked her dog Chum there, and they worked the beehives together, before they enjoyed being as one in the canteen.