After working for five years with the environmental department, I took a few years leave to rediscover the passion for Ecology that got me in to the business in the first place. After a few enquiries, a university had a research opportunity a few hours out of town, and I was happy to get away. So I found myself living in a cabin on the edge of a state forest for a two-year project taking photos of successional change. I was in heaven.
Initially, my days were spent identifying local conditions and species, and recording reams of data to be entered into the laptop in my cabin. It doesn't sound that exciting, but the solitude, the work, and the world outside my window was enough to keep me entertained. I ventured in to town to watch some football games and have a few drinks every week too, and I got to know some of the locals superficially. But that's all I needed right now.
It was a small town bordering a state forest, and about 10 years ago the council had made every effort to make the town a nature lovers stop off. Picnic grounds, walking trails, maps, camping. It was well set up, but it didn't gain any traction, the GFC hit, and there was no funding to maintain the facilities. The walking trails were overgrown, but useable as a passing hiker infrequently trampled by. My cabin was originally built for a ranger, but no one had lived there for 10 years. It was next to the main picnic point that acted as a gateway for the walking trails.
One of the tracks was a fitness trail that has exercise equipment littered along the steep slopes over 5km return hike. I had noticed that the equipment was in pretty good working order, but didn't think much of it. I used this track pretty often as the slopes allowed me to identify the species changes with altitude, and there were some magnificent views along the range when you reached the top.
I usually did my walks in the morning, and did data entry in the afternoon, but I wanted to watch a sunset at the peak, so I found myself on the fitness trail about 4pm, about 2 hours before sunset in a subtropical summer. I had brought some food and lighting gear in case I didn't make it back before dark. It was a lot quicker when you aren't recording data though, and I was heading back down the track after a 90min trip.
About halfway, I heard the squeaking of metal about 30m ahead. I thought it must have been an animal on the equipment, but as I approached I could see a back to me doing pull downs on the body weight machine. It was a woman, brown hair tied up in a ponytail that fell down to the line of the sports bra at her scapula. I stopped and watched from a distance, kind of shocked to see anyone at all, and a young attractive woman especially. She finished her exercises, grabbed her backpack and sprinted off. Watching her from behind, her tights revealed that she was an athlete with hardened calves and ass that made the lycra taut against her skin. And that ass didn't jiggle one bit.
The next day, I took my laptop out on the deck to observe the comings and goings on the track. It was a hundred meters away, but I could see the entry to the 3 main tracks pretty clearly. A few older couples came in to do the gentle walks and have a cup of tea in the picnic area, but the place was deserted when a car pulled up at 4.15pm sharp, and the woman from yesterday hopped out and headed up the track again.
I locked up the cabin and followed.
I thought that as she was running, and I was ambling, I might just see her as she run past, but I could hear the tell tale squeaks as I approached the first set of equipment, the leg workouts. She was lying down flat with her legs at a 45 degree angle, pushing up on a platform. I didn't stop to watch this time, and I audibly kicked a few sticks at the clearing so as not to alarm her.
She looked surprised to see someone, but was obviously mid repetition, and didn't want to have to start again, so she just kept pumping her legs. I took this to mean she felt comfortable enough, so I though it safe to sit down. I made no pretense of being there to exercise, giving I was wearing my hiking pants and work shirt.
"Hi there," she said flatly. She had finished her reps and sat up to wipe some sweat from her face with a towel.
"Hi. I didn't know anyone still used this part of the woods?"
"I do."
There was silence. She looked like she was ready to leap up and run, and I realised how creepy I must have looked.
"Sorry, I'm being rude. I'm James, I live in the Cabin in the picnic area. I'm here doing research in the State Forest. I walk this track every day, and I hadn't really seen anyone using the exercise gear."
"Oh." She relaxed al little. I think it was clear who would win the running race, and a wrestling match if it came down to it. "I use this pretty regularly. No one else seems to."
"Cool. Well, don't let me ruin your routine, I just thought I'd say Hi. I don't see many people under 45 these days. Very nice to meet you." I set off to go up the slopes, hoping she was only just starting her session, and we would meet again. I was in luck, as she ran past 5 minutes later, and I got a close up look at her figure. She wasn't body builder muscly, but very well toned. I would say it was a strong body from head to toe. She had long tights again that rode up her cheeks giving a perfect out line of her ass. She obviously didn't have anything on under them either.
The next clearing was the same as when I first saw her, and she was evidently finished by the time I came into view. She was standing up toweling down, and breathing heavily.
"Tough workout eh?" I said.
"Yep." She didn't seem angry, or even inconvenienced, just kind of distracted.
"Are you an athlete? You... err... look like one." I tried to sound non-purvy, but how can you when describing a stranger's body to them.
"Not elite, but yeah, I run. I race too."
She down now on a bench seat and rifled through her bag for a drink bottle. I stood a little way away, because I wasn't entirely sure she didn't think I was a psycho.
"What are you researching?"
"Just the forests really. I would bore you if I went into details"
"You like being out in nature by yourself?"
"I sure do. But I must say after a few months it's nice to talk to someone too."
She gave a tense smile, but I sensed her guard dropping.
"Mind if I sit down?"
"Sure, sit."
I sat down on the other end of the bench staring out into the tangled forest.
"So you live in the Cabin eh? I didn't think anyone lived there anymore."
"The University paid for some features for me. It's good enough for what I need to do."
We chatted disjointedly for a few minutes while she had a drink and cooled down. Her answers were brief and to the point, I guess because she was still feeling threatened in a wood by herself with a strange man. I did find out her name was Hannah, but I got the hint quickly enough, and set off back down the slope toward the picnic area.
I was back on the porch with my computer when she bounded up, looking more relaxed out of the woods, and perhaps realizing there was some truth to my story. She had changed into a green summer dress that came above her knees, and she looked like she had had a shower. There were wet patches on her dress that clung to her frame, and her hair was out and had a "just been toweled" frizzy look. I couldn't help imagining the places that she could have got changed and showered... the amenities at the entrance? She would have walked past the cabin to get there. Maybe just washed down with her drink bottle? I saw here with the drink bottle, and it didn't seem practical. Did she know about the falls? If she did, I might just keep it myself that I also know about it.
"So you aren't some psycho after all? You really do live here!" she said, confirming why she was abrupt out in the forest.
"I do. Some would call me a psycho for choosing to live here though. How was your session?"
"Pretty good. Sorry if I seemed rude, I just get in a zone... and I... you know."
"Thought I could be a psycho?" I finished for her.
"Yeah. There's that too. Anyway, it's really good to know you're here. I have had a few situations where I could have used someone close by."
"Yeah?" I had stood up and walked over to the edge of the verandah, while Hannah was still on the grass below me.
"I twisted an ankle once, and had to drive home, got stung by a bee... Some first aid would have been handy!"
"Well, you are welcome to stop by anytime." There was an awkward pause. "What do you do for work Hannah?" I said, steering back into comfortable stranger talk.
"Well... don't hate me... but I work for the mining company..."
"The one that is suing the State Government over State Forest use?
"Yeah. That one."
"Hmm. I think we can still be friends. I'm sure we can find something else in common," I said smiling. I love nature, and hate the mining companies, but I realize a person has to work, especially in a small town like this.
"Well, good. I'll see you round! I'm here Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Get your kit ready for me!"
"My kit?" I blushed.
"Your first aid kit."
"Oh, of course."
She turned to leave with a flourish of her hand and her dress rose up as she spun, giving me a fleshy glimpse of her thighs. Did I mention she was tight? She is.
The next Monday, I saw her car pull in at 4.15. She gave me a little wave as she disappeared up the track, even though I was so far away she couldn't have known if I was looking at her. Her workouts last week were right on an hour, so I waited half an hour, and then headed up the Fitness Trail. About 700m in, there is a path that leads down to a sheer cliff that I turned onto. Before you hit the cliff face, there are two large boulders very close together, but just enough for a person to squeeze through.
Most people would walk straight past it. If you can squeeze through, the rocks overhang above your head to make a nice little cave, and there is a nearly constant flow of water from the springs coming down the hill. There is a small section of rock, about 1m apart, where a mini waterfall is created. You can't stand in it, but you can stick your head in to cool off. I have on many occasions. I found the spot while chasing a rare species of wallaby. This is where I took a punt that Hannah showered.
I walked up the opposite embankment, and moved further up the hill, so I could just see through the top of rock overhang. I couldn't see the waterfall, but not getting busted was my first priority.
I waited for 20mins or so, and my suspicions were confirmed. I could see Hannah take the turn off, and she disappeared from view in the thick scrub. I couldn't see her again until she entered the cave, and I was disappointed that my vantage point would only allow fleeting glances as she used the waterfall to cool off.
Through the gap in the rock, I saw arms get thrown above her head as she took the sports bra off, and the barest hint of side boob before she was out of sight. She must be using a ledge for her things, but she had to go back past my vantage point to get to the falls. She appeared again and I saw her full profile from the side. It was quite dark, but her breasts, freed from the sports bra, hung loose by her toned arms, and her powerful legs and ass stuck out ever so slightly, giving her a tough, but feminine shape. I got a better view of her ass as she leaned over to dunk her head, silhouetted in the fading light. She stood up again, momentarily disappearing, and then turned to face me front on.
Hannah flicked her hair over the front of her head to squeeze some water out, but her pubic hair, trimmed short into a thin wedge, was apparent. Her stomach was flat, and every movement she made seemed to redefine a new part of her body. She had a low center of gravity, making her mid section seem long, but her legs rose so far up into her cheeks it was hard to delineate one muscle from another. It was only a brief sight, and then she went back to the ledge to get changed.
I waited for about 15mins after Hannah left before returning to the cabin. I explored around a little bit to see if I could get a better angle next time, and found one that I think would suit nicely. When I arrived back at the car park, it was deserted, so I thankfully didn't have to explain my whereabouts to Hannah.
On the Wednesday, I was on the porch when Hannah pulled in to my driveway at 4.15. I looked up a little surprised, and she threw her bag over the rail before setting off at a run to the trail. She turned around as she ran backwards and called out
"Hey James, I thought I might shower at your house instead of the falls!!!"