"Hi, Mr. Dobrowsky!" The new freshman clutched her books to her chest as she ran along the walk on her way to English 21 in Prudence Hall, her Monday morning class.
"Hello, Celine, how are you today, honey?" replied the maintenance man, loading his tools into the utility cart.
"I'm good," she said, smiling at the kindly man as she tripped past him. "'Cept I'm almost late for class. Have a nice day!"
"You too, dear, you too." He waved as he turned to make his way to the gymnasium building to deal with work to be done in the boiler room, and to have his own lunch.
Everybody liked Dobrowsky. He had worked at Merry Mount College for forever, it seemed, and had seen generations of young ladies pass through it. Most of the students barely noticed him as he went about his duties, invisible, just part of the background. But others were drawn to him as to a kindly uncle, and felt somehow comforted by his presence. This was especially true of some of the younger girls, like Celine. He was divorced and didn't have children, but at the college he was surrounded by young girls.
After checking the thermostat circuitry in the basement, he went into his private quarters and locked the door behind him. Getting a sandwich from his small refrigerator, he took down a schedule of the day's phys ed classes posted on his bulletin board, and sat down in an old recliner he had moved into the room years ago. He glanced at the class schedule, then picked up a remote control and turned on the television his recliner was positioned in front of. It was a nice set, a high definition digital TV with a wide flat screen, nicer than what he had at home in fact. He found CNN and watched the news as he nibbled at his ham and cheese sandwich.
When the time display on the screen indicated that his lunch hour was ending, he got up and went over to the TV and unplugged the input cable from the television connection mounted in the wall, and reconnected it to the digital filter he brought with him each day. He plugged this into an electrical outlet, then returned to his chair and sat down.
He began to cycle through channels with the remote, and the images on the TV screen changed: the main gym arena, the pool, the indoor track, the gym locker room, and each of the individual shower stalls. Seven micro-miniature cameras were sending encrypted digital streams of Ethernet traffic over the same wires that carried electric current throughout the gymnasium building. Dobrowsky was a talented hobbyist.
The schedule indicated that a free swim was about to start. He advanced the channel to the locker room. As the girls began to appear he stood up and unbuckled his belt and lowered his pants and underwear. Then he sat back down and licked his lips in anticipation as he watched the girls start to undress.
Dobrowsky liked watching eighteen-year-old girls reveal their firm, young bodies to him, while he stroked his excited penis. He liked watching when girls sneaked their boyfriends in, too, during a track or swim meet. Once he caught a couple making out in a shower stall, the girl on her knees sucking off her boyfriend as Dobrowsky watched. God, the look on his face! And the way she flicked her tongue all over the kid's cock, teasing it! Dobrowsky timed his climax so he came just as the boy ejaculated all over the girl's naked tits.
But today he was watching the girls in the locker room, and he began to fondle his growing erection as he took in the sight of girls stripping in front of him and traipsing around in their bras and panties. He loved seeing girls in panties, especially young girls like these, girls in tight cotton briefs or tantalizing, skimpy bikinis. Sometimes they were solid pastel colors, sometimes they had polka dots or tiny patterns of flowers. He liked the panties with delicately scalloped lace trim, so sweet and sexy. Watching these girls in their underwear drove him wild; it teased him crazy to see them displayed in front of him like this, with what he wanted to see most hidden by thin wisps of frilly fabric. The sight tantalized and frustrated him - he loved it.
He sighed with pleasure as he worked on his cock, squeezing it and feathering it with his fingertips as it reacted to the sight of these young girls undressing. Celine appeared and went to her locker and opened it. She began to unbutton her blouse.
"Oh, yeah," Dobrowsky whispered, "oh yeah, here we go!" He spread his legs wider on the recliner foot rest so that he could reach between his legs to fondle his balls.
The girl removed her blouse to reveal a simple cotton undershirt with spaghetti shoulder straps. Her breasts were small, but her puffy nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric of the shirt, and Dobrowsky bit his lower lip as he stared at them with growing lust. She crossed her arms and pulled the shirt off over her head. As she did
she turned so that her right breast was seen in profile, a firm little cone tipped with a soft pink strawberry nipple that was becoming erect in the open air.
"On god, oh god!" Dobrowsky moaned, his excitement rising as he stroked his rigid cock. He was imagining what it would be like to suck on those tender little nips.
Celine faced forward as she unbuckled her jeans and dropped them to the floor. She stood now in just a tiny pair of pink bikini panties as she lifted her feet free of the jeans. Dobrowsky could see both of her precious little tits now, jiggling tautly with her movements. She bent to retrieve the jeans from the floor and turned to hang them in her locker. Dobrowsky stared hard at her pert, firm bottom, flexing enticingly under the skimpy panties - it was tight, so tight! She quickly pushed them down and stood nude with her back to him as she took her bathing suit from the locker and pulled it on. He moaned in frustration at the brief view of her bare bottom and its disappearance into the suit. His hand twisted back and forth around his aching hard-on, making him whimper with mounting pleasure and need.
The girl turned to face him now in her red, one-piece lycra swimsuit, the glistening material snugly molding the little cleft between her legs. She spent a few seconds adjusting the suit, cupping her young breasts in her hands and turning to the side as she pulled at the bottom of the suit to smooth it over her buttocks.
"You tease, oh my god you little tease!" Dobrowsky gasped, frantically stroking up and down his cock. He could almost imagine that she was tormenting him on purpose with her exquisite young body - but of course she had no idea that she was inflicting a maddening cock-tease on a masturbating voyeur. He wiped his mouth with his free hand - he was literally drooling with lust.
Celine closed her locker and tripped down the row out of sight. Dobrowsky now turned his attention to a girl who had the adjoining locker. She was older, a twenty-year-old junior with large, high breasts. She had already taken off her sweater and t-shirt and was in the process of removing her brassiere. Her hands were behind her, struggling with the clasp, and it took her some time with her tits thrust forward and jiggling before she was able finally to release them from confinement - firm, round globes, with taut, light brown nipples the size of quarters. Again, Dobrowsky found himself wishing he could suck, suck and slobber all over the girl's delicious tits, swirling his tongue around and around her erect nipples, imagining their texture on the tip of his tongue.
"Oh god I need it, ohhh please I want that so much!" Both his hands were all over his inflamed cock, fondling and stroking it, pleasuring it while the images on the screen teased it mercilessly. The girl took off her panties while still facing the camera, and Dobrowsky almost came as he stared hungrily between her legs at her downy cunt, imagining how it would feel if his cock were buried there, sliding in and out of her warm, slippery folds. He moaned almost in agony as he fought to hold himself back from orgasm. Looking down at his frustrated penis, rigid and purple in his hand, its head glistening and turgid, he fought the urge to give it the single stroke it needed to explode in ecstasy. God, that would feel so good, so good! But he wanted to make this last, last for a long time. He wanted his cock to be teased by these gorgeous girls a lot more before he came.
When all of the girls had left the locker room Dobrowsky shakily got up and pulled his pants back up. He had about forty-five minutes before the girls returned from their swim, so he turned the set off and went back upstairs to check the floors under the indoor bleachers for discarded trash. There never was much; these kids were a neat bunch.
He remained sexually excited as he moved about the arena, and he had to be careful that his erection wasn't too obvious. Every girl he saw on the floor turned him on, and he amused himself by imagining he had x-ray vision - if she only knew that a dirty old man is drooling over her pretty tits and ass! That'd be so great - oh yeah! Wish I could do that. He passed the office and got a glimpse of Muriel, the coach's secretary. Even she made his hard-on twitch today. She was a little chubby, but oh my god those tits, those big, juicy tits! And she knew it, too. She knew what it did to guys when they saw her bouncing those balloons around the campus - what a cock-tease!
He checked his watch frequently, and when the end of the girls' swim was approaching he hurried back down to his room and turned the television back on. He settled himself back down in his chair with his pants pushed down to his ankles, and got ready to resume his cock play.
Dobrowsky had a large penis, and he was proud of it. He was very popular on the webcam jerk-off sites where he enjoyed masturbating to a large audience. It was great when he was able to get a woman watch him stroke and get so excited that she did herself in front of him, too. Men liked watching him as well, some because they envied his big cock, but also because he made a point of touching himself in places that other males immediately recognized as particularly sensitive, and they identified with his moans of pleasure as he fondled himself. He also let the viewers see what he was looking at as he masturbated, usually pics of naked eighteen- or nineteen-year-old girls. This got other men with the same tastes very aroused as they jerked off along with him. It was even better when they used mikes, the way he did, so they could listen to each other moan in frustration and excitement.
His cock had relaxed from its former erect state, and was lying extended across his right thigh as the girls began entering the locker room after their swim. He cycled through the cameras that were located in the shower stalls, opening several windows displayed simultaneously on the television screen. As girls appeared in the stalls, his penis stirred and began to swell once more. He didn't touch it at first; he just looked down at it as it enlarged and lifted on its own, reacting to the excitement he was feeling as he anticipated the show he was about to see. He would hold off touching it for as long as he could, deliberately teasing it as he watched young girls running their hands over their bodies in the showers.
And that's just what he was seeing now. The girls appeared in the stalls and quickly slipped off their Lycra suits. Then they took bars of soap and lathered their bodies, after which they proceeded to rub themselves all over, front and back. The miniature cameras were hidden in the grout between tiles about two feet above the floor and looking upwards, so Dobrowsky was looking up at the nubile young bodies from below. As he stared up at glistening breasts and buttocks that the girls were cupping and rubbing with their soapy hands, and at the pouting vulvas nestled between their legs, he began to touch his now completely erect cock. He didn't grasp it and stroke it, not yet - instead he just feathered his fingertips along his shaft, lingering at the top to flick around the underside of the head. He moaned aloud at the tantalizing tease, desperate for pleasure, maddened by lust for the glistening bodies on the screen. Celine was there in the lower left window, facing the camera. He stared hungrily up at her graceful breasts tipped with delicate pink nipples. She moved her hands up along her ribs to her chest, then cupped her hands over her tits and squeezed and caressed them. She looked down at herself - and into the camera, although she didn't see it - and gently pinched her tender nipples between thumb and forefinger until they became erect. Then she quickly reached down and soaped herself between her legs, parting her thighs slightly.
Dobrowsky's eyes widened - is she masturbating? Maybe? She turned around and rubbed soap all over her glistening buttocks and between them. He licked his lips and stared at her firm cheeks as she rubbed and kneaded them. Her ass was so firm and prominent, and the crease between her cheeks and the tops of her thighs was so soft yet defined, just like a baby's bottom. She turned towards him again, her hands still reaching behind as she massaged her cheeks. Her hips were thrust forward so that her crotch and pussy filled the screen, clearly revealing her tender pink labia, and even a peek of her glistening clitoris at the top of her vulva.
It was too much for Dobrowsky. With a guttural moan he grasped his erection with his right hand and began to stroke it up and down. He kept the pace slow, his hand barely touching his rigid cock, gently and lightly pleasuring it. At the same time he tickled his scrotum with the fingernails of his left hand, driving his cock mad with masturbation tease.
He was in heaven as he gazed at the girls on the screen, stroking now in earnest as he drooled over them. "Oh my god, oh my god, you sweet thing - ohhhhhhhhhhhh oh my god this feels so good, yeah, yeah that's it, show it to me, lemme see that pussy ... Ohhh you sweet little bitch, oh yeah, work on those tits, mmmmmm I wish that was me, I wanna feel those tits, I wanna suck on them ... god, look at that firm little ass, ohhhh god I need to cum, and her tits, soooo big, Christ, ohhhhh please show me your pussy ... yeah that's it! Yeah that's what I want, I wanna get my cock in there, ohhh let me fuck you, sweetie, feels so good, so fuckin' good, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."
He reached for a tube of K-Y on the table next to his chair, and squeezed out a large glob into his palm and rubbed and twisted it all over his huge erection. The intensity of his sexual pleasure shot up, and he cried out in ecstasy. He began to jerk himself faster, pumping and twisting his fist up and down his cock and around its head, cupping and massaging his balls, his gaze shifting back and forth between the beautiful young bodies naked and glistening on the screen, and his desperately aroused, blue-veined penis, its head purple and distended. "Look at what you do to me, you gorgeous little bitches, look at it, and you know it, too, don't you, ohhhh god if you only knew how you make me feel!" He was on the edge of orgasm, and he fought the urge to finish it, he wanted the excitement and pleasure to last forever, to drive him mad with tease and lust and aching, tantalized desire.
He reached the point of no return - "Oh god, I'm coming, oh god oh god, ohhhh you sweet little cock-teasers, here it comes, here it comes, it's all for you you sweet little bitches, I need it, I need it so bad, oh my god oh my god..." He threw back his head, his mouth open and his brow furrowed in helplessness, his eyes still darting from one naked girl to another, and his penis erupted in spasms of intense voluptuous pleasure as it spurted jets of milky semen that fell back on onto the turgid glans and down over his pumping and twisting fist.
It took a couple of minutes for him to get control of his breath, as he slowly wiped the thick, viscous sperm from his hands and body with several tissues. He stood up and pulled his pants and underwear back on, and disconnected the filter from the television set and the electrical outlet. He looked down at himself and cupped his hand in his crotch, giving it a gentle squeeze. "Well, that was good," he said, "real good." He smiled wistfully. "You're a nasty perv, all right, a nasty jerk-off perv - and you love it!" This is what sex is for him, he knew, and it probably always would be. He was content with that.
Later in the afternoon he was outside getting ready to leave for home when Celine passed him on her way to her dorm.
"Bye, Mr. Dobrowsky, see you tomorrow!" she called, waving to him.
"Bye, honey," Dobrowsky replied, returning her wave. "Yes, I'll see you tomorrow. Have a nice evening."
He got into his car. Yes, I'll see you again tomorrow, all right, and in my dreams, too. He was already thinking about how sweet his webcam jerk-off session was going to be later tonight - he'll really have some juicy memories to get him going, and some hot things to pant into the mike. His friends will love hearing all about Celine.