Occasionally, hubby and I like to play a naughty game. There is a dance club not far from us that is well known as a pickup joint. When we're looking for some fun, we like to go there and see how long it takes for me to get picked up by a sexy guy. If it goes well, we hope to end up at our place for an MFM night.
Hubby recently bought me some sexy new dresses so last weekend we were in the mood to play our little game. I always wear a short dress with no bra, thigh high stockings and either crotchless panties or no panties. This time I wore my black crotchless panties. I also use a Lush 2 that hubby controls.
When we get to the club, I go in first to check out the possibilities, then I sit at one of the bars while hubby finds a booth in a dark corner where he can watch me (and operate the Lush).
When we arrived last Saturday night, I found a suitable place at the bar, and a guy immediately bought me a drink. After a while I realized he wasn't my type, so I excused myself and went to the ladies room so I could look for another place to sit.
When I came out of the restroom, there was a group of girls dancing together so I joined them since I love to dance. We did some dirty dancing for a while, then one of them reached her hand into my dress and played with my tits. So, I returned the favor while one of them was playing with my ass through my dress.
After a while, they went to sit in their booth so I went back to the bar, but there were no seats available. I stood there for a minute when a good looking young guy said, "Have my seat." As I got up on the stool my dress hiked up and he had a good view of my panties.
I love those tall bar stools - they put me at just the right height. I caught the guy who gave me his seat staring down at my legs (and no doubt my panties) so I asked if he liked the view.
I thought he'd be embarrassed being caught but it didn't phase him and he said, "I love the view!" and put his hand on my leg as I got settled on the stool. I looked at him and smiled. He was good-looking.
I half turned toward the bar to order a drink and as I did he kept his hand on my leg which spread them a little and his hand slid a little higher to the top of my thigh high stockings. As I started to order, he leaned over me to talk to the bartender, putting his arm around me and his crotch right on my knee and he ordered for me. I felt his hardness and made no attempt to move my leg other than to slide my knee lightly across his bulge. He was very cool and didn't respond at all, he just kept close contact with my leg.
I sipped my drink and started chatting with him. His name was Curt and he was good looking and seemed really nice, so when he wasn't looking I turned to hubby and gave him 'the look'. There are actually several looks but this one was wide eyes with me mouthing 'wow'. That's the best one. I thought I would start feeling the vibration from the Lush vibe right away but I didn't. Curt was starting to gently move his fingers inside my upper thigh at the tops of my stockings and I was getting wetter. We were talking as he did this and I was feeling good, enjoying Curt's fingers on my leg as he kept leaning in and nuzzling my hair as he whispered in my ear. I was really enjoying it.
Then it happened. I felt slow pulsing in my pussy. I'd forgotten about the vibe while we chatted, so I jumped a little when it started. Curt asked what was wrong and I said, "Oh nothing, you just tickled me," as I half giggled.
"I bet I can tickle you more," he responded, and I half giggled again.
Hubby had the bullet on the lowest setting which was good because I was already wet and didn't want it sliding out. Of course holding my pussy tight to keep it in just heightened the feeling. I turned away from the bar and toward Curt and slid my knee between his legs so he was straddling my leg which made my legs part a little more. He took that opportunity to put a hand on each leg and slowly move them around the tops of my stockings, a few inches from my panties. Just then the bullet changed to more of a deep pulse and I felt more of my juices flow.
Curt kept leaning in and saying things to me that were making me very horny. His thumbs were slowly moving up and down the sides of my panties by now, driving me crazy. Between what he was saying in my ear, the pulsing bullet, his fingers at the top of my legs with his thumbs on the sides of my panties, I couldn't hold off much longer and I told him to slow down or I was going to cum. He just smiled at me and put his thumbs through the opening in my crotchless panties and rubbed my clit and wet slit. I grabbed his arms tight, closed my eyes, clenched my teeth and shuddered as I came.
I felt light-headed when my orgasm subsided. I'd already had two drinks and I'm a lightweight with just one, so I kept holding on to him as his thumbs started to probe my wetness. He said, "you're vibrating!"
I just grinned and said, "yeah."
I told him what was happening and why and he said, "that's so hot. Where's your husband?" I told him that he's a few tables away and if you want to have more fun you can join us.
"He didn't even think about it and said, "hell yeah!"
I asked him to help me off the stool so he put his hands on my waist and helped me slide off, making sure my dress rode up past my panties again. As I stood on the floor and started to walk I felt a trickle of my juices start to run down my inside thigh. I didn't even care. I put my arm around Curt's and led him to the booth where hubby was seated and scooted in next to him with Curt following next to me. I introduced them to each other and they exchanged small talk about me and what we were doing. Once Curt knew it was cool he started playing with my pussy again under the table. I told hubby I needed to get the Lush out - it had done it's job and was now in the way so he asked Curt to walk me over to the ladies room so I could remove it and bring me back to the table.
He had his hand on my ass as he walked me over, and on the way back I passed the group of girls I danced with earlier and they teased me about the stud I was with. I just grinned at them. When we got back to the table we made small talk and sipped our drinks while Curt's hand roamed free under my dress. This time he put a couple of fingers inside me and slowly finger fucked me while hubby was talking dirty in my ear about how hot I looked and how good it must feel what he is doing to me.
Hubby then put his hand in through the side of my dress and squeezed my tit and pinched my nipple. I was going crazy and very quickly came again, but this time I felt the seat get warm and wet. I was soaked and told hubby. He just grinned. When I came down from my orgasm, Curt took my hand and moved it over to his lap. He had opened his pants and his cock was standing tall and hard. Hubby asked what was happening because he couldn't see with the table in the way.
I said I was holding and stroking Curt's cock.
He asked, "in his pants?"
I said, "no, it's out of his pants and he's still playing with my pussy." He loved that and asked if I wanted to invite him home with us. I didn't answer - I just moaned.
Curt was rubbing my clit a lot and I was getting close again when he slid away a little, put his hand around the back of my neck and slowly pulled my head under the table and slid his hard cock to my mouth. I had trouble getting past his cock head for a while so I licked and sucked the tip which was fun because he had a lot of precum. I love the taste of precum so I spent a lot of time licking and tasting him. When he was good and slippery I opened my mouth wide and slid my mouth down his cock.
All this time hubby was fingering my pussy and I gave Curt the best blowjob I could considering my head was under a table. It must have been good because in a few minutes his cock started to pulse and throb. I started to pull away but he held my head down on him tightly. He shot long hot streams of cum straight down my throat for what seemed like several minutes and I gagged a few times trying to catch my breath.
I had cum on my face and chin when I sat up so hubby handed me a napkin to wipe it off. I felt kind of dizzy when I sat up so he just held my hand while I came down.
Just then Curt said, "that was amazing!"
He zipped up his pants and got up saying, "it was great meeting you." And he left.
I was stunned. I wanted to fuck him not just give him a blow job, but there hubby and I sat, looking at each other, puzzled. We had talked with him earlier about going home with us, and he said he wanted to. But I guess once he got off he wasn't horny anymore and felt awkward or something. So, I went to the ladies room to clean up. When I went back out, the girls were dancing again so I joined them. That's when I learned they'd watched the whole thing.
So we girls dirty danced again and they all told me how hot it was watching. I didn't know how they could have seen us but they said that when Curt and I went back to the booth, one of them followed to see where we went and saw that I was with two guys. So she got the others and they found a place to watch us without being seen.
They said they were sorry they spied on me and I said I thought it was hot that they had. They said they saw the guy leave and asked where he went, so I told them he got his jollies and left and I said I'd wanted to fuck him. So they asked about the "other" guy. I told them that's my hubby and it kinda blew their minds.
One of them said, "you did that right next to your husband?"
"Yep," I responded, "and he loved it, but we both wanted more."
We all danced a couple more dances together, pairing off between us a few times. There was a cute sexy blond that I really liked who asked most of the questions. She and I were paired off at one point and grinding on each other when the song ended and the band started a slow song. The girls started splitting up and leaving the dance floor but the blonde took my hand and pulled me in to her. I nearly melted. We danced close, then she put her arms around my neck and her head on my shoulder. I put my arms around her waist and slowly let my hands slide to the top of her ass. Neither of us was wearing a bra so she kept moving slightly sideways back and forth and our tits rubbed together.
We both had hard nipples and started breathing harder. A couple of times she planted little kisses on my neck. They sent jolts through me. I've been with girls before but it never turned me on like this. We didn't say a word, we just kept our embrace and softly touched each other while we danced.
When the song was over she held my hand again and said, "let's go meet this hubby of yours."
Of course, hubby had greatly enjoyed our show! We got to the booth and she slid in next to hubby and pulled me next to her. "Hi, I'm Mindy," she said to him.
He grinned and gave her his name.
"So you're a voyeur huh?" she asked him.
He said "I guess you could say that, but I don't just watch - I play too." She was really teasing him, brushing up against him and rubbing her tits lightly against his arm and he was getting a little red in the face but didn't seem to mind, of course. Mindy asked us both more questions about our lifestyle.
Then she said to hubby, "well if you like to watch let's go somewhere private so you can watch because your wife and me are going to have some fun together." I was kinda surprised she said that but definitely not disappointed. I really needed to be fucked but this little hottie had me turned on in a whole different way.
Hubby finished his drink, ordered a ride share to our house and we left the club, after Mindy told her friends where she was going. When the car arrived she told hubby to get in the front seat and the two of us got in the back. The club is only about 15 minutes from our house so it didn't take long, but Mindy and I were making out the whole way there. Hubby was talking to the driver and he later said that at one point the guy looked in the rear view mirror and went bug-eyed. He said the driver kept stealing glances in the mirror the rest of the way.
We went inside our house and I led her straight to the bedroom with hubby close behind. She went into the bathroom and I went to our other bathroom to freshen up. Hubby changed into PJ pants and a t-shirt and was lying on the bed. I got back just in time to see Mindy walk out of the bathroom wearing nothing at all. She looked so hot! I'd already removed my soaked panties and immediately stepped out of my dress and let it fall to the floor.
"Go sit in that chair stud" she said to hubby.
He quickly obeyed. She took my hand and had me lay on the bed where she joined me. We started kissing again - deep passionate French kisses, and our fingers played with each others hair, face and all over our bodies. She drew little circles around my nipples with her fingernail and I thought I was going to jump out of my skin. It sent jolts straight to my pussy and I was getting wetter. I kissed her neck, then down her shoulders and then her nipples. She made a loud sigh and arched her back toward me. We took turns kissing, sucking and touching each other's breasts for quite a while. It was so soft, so sexy. She would lean over me with her soft hair tickling my face and chest then roll us over and have me do the same to her. One time she let her hair trail down me and she placed little kisses from my nipples over my tummy and down to my little landing strip. She inhaled and moaned then blew gently on my clit. Wow! It drove me crazy.
She rolled us over and had me do the same to her. She was completely shaved and as I inhaled her sexy aroma she gently put her hand on my head and guided me toward her pussy. "Kiss me" she pleaded, so I gently kissed her pussy lips and clit. It was hard and wet and hot, and smelled wonderful, so I kissed and licked it a few more times and she rolled us over again.
At this point I'd forgotten about hubby, which usually happens when I start playing with someone else. Again she trailed her hair down my body then slid between my legs, moving them apart. When she reached my mound she played with my little patch again with her nose, then slid down until her tongue touched my clit and softly kissed it.
I was on fire. She slowly licked and sucked my clit which drove me wild. She then nibbled on it which made me buck with pleasure. She then pushed her tongue deep into my wet pussy, soaking her pretty face. It's all kind of a blur after that. We licked, kissed, sucked, fingered and probed each other for a long time, giving each other multiple orgasms.
We were both pretty worn out and lying in each other's arms when she said "hey stud, get up here."
That's the first time I'd thought about hubby since we started. He was sitting in the chair in the buff with his hard cock in his hand. He immediately got up with us, then Mindy laid down, pulled my face between her legs and buried it in her soaked pussy.
"Lift your ass up doll," she told me, and then she told hubby to fuck me hard. He did. He tried to hold off but it wasn't long before he was balls deep in me shooting his load.
I would usually be disappointed he came so soon but I was exhausted and it seemed to be the perfect ending to the night. We all just laid there for a while with me between hubby and Mindy. We dozed a little, then Mindy said she'd better be going. We kissed a little more and exchanged contact info, then she cleaned up and dressed while hubby called a ride for her.
After she left, I wanted hubby to fuck me again but he was too worn out. He told me he'd already cum 3 times watching us - I had no idea. So we pulled up the covers and drifted off to sleep. Too bad for Curt.