My name is Martin and I am 29 years old I am fairly ordinary looking, slim but with a pot belly and usually with two days worth of stubble.
I was in a local coffee shop talking to my mate Ian.
"18 months since I last had sex," I grumbled, "and even back then the sex with Sharon was not great, regular but not great."
"You need a good fuck with a more experienced woman," said Ian grinning at me. Ian seemed to have good sex life while although I had made love to three different women and I had enjoyed it the sex had seemed fairly safe none of the women had really wanted to experiment.
Ian looked at the contact list in his phone and wrote a number down on a piece of paper and pushed it over to me.
"Phone that number, it is some kind of agency, they provide women for sex and the women will do what ever you want, the prices are remarkably cheap."
"Prostitutes?" I asked.
"Yes, the ones I have met have all seemed like plain ordinary housewives but in bed they are stunning." Replied Ian, "and they all live locally and will come to you."
I took the piece of paper, I had never paid for sex before, unless you counted the amount of drink I had bought Emma one afternoon with the idea of getting her so drunk I could have sex with her. It had worked I took her to some near by woods and found how hard it was to undress an unconscious woman. I took a few photos of her naked and then climbed on top of her and lost my virginity and then fucked her a second time. The next day she called me mad at what I had done to her. Sending her one of the pictures I had taken of her shut her up. I am ashamed to say I used the pictures to blackmail her into having sex with me again. The sex was unsatisfactory Emma undressed laid on her back opened her legs and laid still, not joining just looking over my shoulder as I fucked her twice. That was the last time I saw her, I heard later she was working at a travel agents.
The next day I phoned the number, a man called Ginger answered. I asked for a woman older than me who would do what ever I asked of her. I was surprised at the price, only £20 for six hours with her. I paid over the phone.
I live by myself in a very small terrace house, I am proud of the interior I did much of it myself. Some of the stuff came from my parents house when they downsized but much of the interior design is mine, not bad for a computer geek I thought.
On the dot of 10am, the arranged time, there was a knock on the door. I opened the door and was gobsmacked.
"Mrs Goodall!" I exlaimed. I had gone to school with her son, we had been best mates, looking out for each other at school, attending each others birthday parties as we grew up and then we drifted apart. Mrs Goodall had always been good and kind to me, someone I looked up to and now here she was stood on my door step, I was so embarrassed, my friends mum and I had paid for sex with her. I had plans for the woman that turned up, I had spent the night fantasying about what I would do to her, and now I was not sure what to do or say.
"Hello Martin, I did not expect to meet you! What a surprise! I am here to do what ever you want, are you going to let me in? She said with a smile.
I stood to one side and she entered the house. I was stilled stunned.
"Use my first name, Janice, it is less formal than Mrs Goodall." I looked at her, she had put on a lot of weight since I had last seen her. She was wearing a t-shirt, jeans and trainers.
"Don't be shy of me, I am here to provide you with a service and the fact we know each other changes nothing." She did surprise me leaning forward and planting a quick kiss on my lips.
"Know what do you want of me?"
"Janice, Can you just stand still there for a moment?" I probed. I asked it in a way expecting to get some sort of reaction.
"Yep." She stopped and stood in the centre of the room, looking at me. Okay, this was definitely happening. She was doing as I asked.
"Come here." This time it was an order. I knew Janice would do exactly what I'd tell her to do and she did. She closed the distance between where she was standing to where I was seated on the couch and stood directly in front of me. My head came up to her waist.
"Take your top off."
Her hands grabbed the bottom of her shirt and she peeled it up over her head and off her arms. The amount of skin it revealed was enchanting. She was plump but with nice sized tits. Her tits were in a purple bra. The shape of them was really on display.
I'm pretty sexually inexperienced. What I did have was hundreds of hours logged on pornographic websites. I knew my fantasies were those of domination, control, bdsm, humiliation and here I was with a woman who would do anything I wanted her to it was perfect.
"Now take the bra off."
Janice complied, expertly removing the bra and dropping it on the floor. I was drinking in the view of her tits. That sat perfectly on her chest, her pink nipples sticking out. I couldn't believe I was here and following my commands.
"Janice, you're going to let me do whatever I want to you."
"Of course."
That set me off. I rose to my feet and was standing very close to her face to face. I slowly raised both my hands and placed them both directly on her breasts. They felt as amazing as they looked. I was suddenly giving them a good squeeze and rubbing them hard. I was getting very turned on. I had to go further. I reluctantly took my hands off her tits.
"Get naked."
Her hands immediately undid the fly on her jeans and, in one motion, pushed down her tight jeans and her panties. I watched her round ass flex as she bent her knees to get her clothes off her feet. She threw them off to the side and stood wonderfully naked in front of me. I wanted to touch all of her and I could. So I did. I reached out with my left hand and made contact on her hip and then caressed around until it was firmly on her butt cheek. I squeezed that delightfully round peach of a cheek and pulled us together as I did. My right hand flew back to her breast.
"Let's make out."
We started kissing and I was in heaven. Both my hands were full of her taut flesh, boob and butt. The kiss got more and more passionate, tongues were intertwining, and I was pulling her into me with my hand on her ass. I was grinding my crotch into her. My cock was going to need to get involved soon.
"I'm going to sit on the couch, and you're going to get on your knees and suck me off."
"Yes." She still had a pretty casual tone. It was pretty remarkable given the request. I could make her act more subserviently but this raw acceptance was working for me.
I flung my shirt off in an instant and quickly pulled my pants and undies down and off one leg while sitting back down on her couch. Janice shrunk down where she was onto her knees and it was a sight to behold. With her arms by her side, it gently pushed her tits together forming an amazing cleavage. She was not close enough to simply lean in to blow me so she wiggled on her knees towards me enough to be able to continue.
My dick was hard and ready for what was coming, she brought her face down and opened up her beautiful mouth and took the head of my cock into it. Coupled with the amazing feeling, seeing my dick disappear into that face was a dream come true.
Janice began to suck more of my cock and bobbing her head up and down rhythmically. Her hands had come to rest on my knees. The view was truly amazing. I could look past the blowjob to her tits softly rocking back and forth as she bobbed away. I could also see the arch of her back and the contours of her spine down to the top of her butt.
As the euphoria of the suckjob continued, I made the decision that I wanted to be a more active participant. I took each of my hands to the side of her head and pushed my fingers into her hair and held her head on each side. I began to control the pace of what was happening with small thrusts from my hips and pulling her head down further in time with my thrusts. I was now in control of this blowjob. Janice managed to keep up and the feeling of her lips around my shaft and the rest of my dick inside her mouth was almost overwhelming. The increasing roughness was exciting me even further. I knew if this continued for too much longer, I'd blow my load down her throat. I wanted to do more. As Janice was coming up from a particularly deep thrust, I gripped her head tight and pulled her off my cock.
"We're going to the bedroom. I'm going to fuck you hard."
Janice rose up. Her hair was messed up. Her naked body was still enchanting. She began to walk off to the bedroom. The natural bounce in her step made her ass and tits move hypnotically. I quickly followed.
My room was a nice sort of messy. A few clothes here and there.
"Get on the bed, on your hands and knees. I'm going to fuck you doggie style." The confidence with which I was giving orders to this Janice, my friends mother, about how we were going to have sex was remarkable after such a short amount of time. I just felt so in control knowing I could get whatever I wanted.
Janice had complied and was facing away from me. Her ass cheeks spread with her position and her pussy and asshole were both pointed in my direction. Her pussy was an amazing shade of pink and was glistening. The folds of her lips were just perfect. She was ready to get fucked and I was still hard as rock. My dick was also glistening, from Janice's spit. I got up onto the bed on my knees behind Janice. I was close enough that my hard cock was already making contact around the folds of her pussy. My thighs were brushing up against the back of hers.
I knew I was going to fuck this woman hard. I grabbed each of her ass cheeks with both my hands. They were the perfect mix of pliant and firm. I squeezed hard.
My cock's head was brushing up against the opening of her cunt already. With some minor angle adjustments from my hips, I was ready to impale Janice.
I pushed forward. As I did, she made a small grunt/moan sound. The feeling of her smooth, wet pussy around the full length of my cock was euphoric. I held my position for a moment, taking in the sensations from my hands on her ass and my dick inside her.
I pulled back ever so slightly, to let me push in again. I was getting emboldened to do this the way I wanted to. I started a steady rhythm back and forth with thrusts from my hips and the grin on her ass. As the rhythm built, Janice continued to make a small sound on every stroke as my cock bottomed out in her tight cunt.
Her wetness increased as the fucking went on. It had built to a slick, tight, frantic fuck. I could feel her legs slip wider and her chest get rammed into the bed. It adjusted the angle I was fucking her from, and made me feel even more in control.
We were going as hard and fast as I was going to be able to. Janice was getting more vocal, moaning on every thrust. I looked down and loved the sight of my dick, throbbing with a deep pink colour, hammering in and out of Janice's flowering pussy.
My hands were still locked on her ass, gripping tightly and controlling the tempo. I raised my left hand and brought it down with a crack and grabbed onto her ass cheek again. Janice let out a throaty "ahh" as I spanked her. I did it again, hard. I felt the tingling in my hand letting me know I'd given her a good one. I repeated my action with another few hard slaps right on the flesh of her left butt cheek. The feeling of using Janice purely for my pleasure was fantastic.
"Janice, roll over onto your back." I pulled out and wiggled back a little bit to give her room. She spun over on the spot and was soon lying face up. I was still kneeling between her legs. Her breasts flattened on her chest but still kept their trademark roundness. Her legs were splayed as wide as they could go and stretched up in the air.
I pulled her by her thighs into me and entered her again. Again, the feeling of her tight hole was magic on my cock. I wanted to explode.
Janice on her back with me kneeling, fucking her, gave me the perfect opportunity to play with her tits. I reached down, my cock still pistoning in and out of her, and grabbed both her tits with both of my hands. I squeezed those firm tits hard. Janice moaned. I'm not sure if it was pain or pleasure. I didn't care. I felt good doing it so I did it some more. Her nipples were hard against my hand and I let them slip between my fingers which let me pinch down on them hard. Again, Janice let out a little yelp.
Janice's hips were bucking in time with mine. I was feeling an orgasm building and getting closer. I wanted a little something more though. I took my right hand off her tit and brought it up to her neck. I lightly choked her. Nothing that would do any harm but the feeling of control it gave me was exhilarating. My other hand was still working her right boob and its nipple.
Janice looked a mess. Her hair was more unkempt than usual. Her face had flushed pink. Her whole body had a very light sweat sheen. Her tits also had pinkness to them from my hard squeezing. Her pussy was also pink with the blood flowing to it and the pounding it was taking.
I was ready to blow and as I was getting close I knew exactly how I wanted to do it. I wanted to cover Janice in my jizz. I let go of her boob and neck, pulled back to free my dick from her cunt, and straightened up on my knees. I grabbed my cock. It felt harder than it ever had before. Janice's legs had flopped down either side of me. I towered over here with my dick in my hand over her stomach pointing up at her tits and face. It was only a couple of strokes before I felt myself blow, the first blast of cum streaked across her tit and chest. I pumped again and aimed towards her face, the rope landed perfectly across her cheek and plump lips. I kept shooting, blasting her in the face over and over, with a few bursts falling short on her neck and chest.
When I was finally done, I wiped the end of my dick on her tight tummy around her belly button.
"Scoop my cum up and put it in your mouth then swallow it," I commanded Janice. She started pushing it around her face with her index finger and working it to her mouth. Then she worked lower with the cum that had landed on her body. She got to it all but was still a mess with the residue of a massive cumshot.
"Come lick my dick clean."
Janice swivelled around and rotated to get her head to my cock. I was lying down on my back and my dick still felt sensitive but I was going to enjoy having this perfect woman lick me clean.
I was suddenly filled with the clarity that comes when lying down after a big orgasm. I was going to fuck her again and I was going to pay for another day with her, maybe another two days.
I was jolted out of my thoughts by Janice licking the sensitive tip of my penis.
"Stop now, Janice. Lie next to me."
As she did, I reached over and started playing with her tits and rolling a nipple around between my fingers. I wasn't horny but having her here for me to play wasn't an opportunity I was going to pass up.
"What do you think about what we just did?" I asked her.
"It felt amazing, a really good fucking."
"Would you do it again?"
"I'd do anything you wanted." I knew that was the case but it was great hearing Janice say it.
"Get on to your hands and knees again Janice." Immediately she was on her hands and knees. The one thing I had dreamed about was having anal sex, none of my three previous partners had allowed it but here was my opportunity.
I trapped her ass cheeks and spread them wide so I could she her anus,
"Yes I thought time for a new experience!"
I lined up to fuck her ass.
I grabbed my dick and started rubbing it on her hole. I started to push it in. She was tight.
I pushed feeling her anal muscles give as I moved in to her arse.
I slowly started pumping in and out of her tight ass. It was about 20 pumps before I got all the way in. When I was all the way in I just held it there. It was an amazing feeling. Janice had put her fingers in her pussy and was mastubating herself. I started slowly pumping again. It felt amazing.
She started rubbing her pussy as I sped up a little. I couldn't believe I was fucking her in the ass. I was in heaven. I had to stop a few times because I wanted to last as long as I could. It wasn't long though until I couldn't hold off any longer and I came in her ass, squirting my cum inside her.
I thought of all the bondage gear I had in my cupboard and knew I would not be using on her today but I knew there would be a day very soon when I would have her in bondage. But I had another thought as I fucked her again filling her cunt with my cum.
"Shall we do it again tomorrow?" I was eager to experiment more, try out other things.
"Can you bring another friend?"
" I will ask Ginger." Janice replied.
It was the next day two juicy cunts stared up at me from the floor beneath me. The pussies, with a light sheen of arousal, were attached to Janice my school friend from the past mother and Sophie. I had quickly found out that the two of them did not know each other.
Sophie was a blonde. Seeing the two of them, entirely naked, on their knees, side by side, highlighted their differences. Sophie was more tanned, she had noticeable bikini tan lines. She was half a head shorter than Janice. Sophie had light pubic hair, cut short, covering and surrounding her pussy, Janice's pussy was dark. I guessed that Sophie was about ten years younger than Janice.
Earlier that day, I'd arranged with Ginger for the two women to meet me at my house. I was only paying for one of them, Ginger giving me a discount as I had set up a hidden video camera which was live streaming the action an audience and the recording was going to be posted on a pornographic website.
Sophie was a knockout; beautiful blonde hair hung loose framing her face. She had sharp features, and her lips were a very light shade of pink.
I had been surprised the day before, meeting a woman I knew and finding out she was selling herself. Today I was going to dominate the two women. I had asked that Janice wore only black heels, and hold up stockings. I watch her walk to my front door nearly naked, her tits and pussy on show, I wondered how far she had walked dressed like that?
"Hi ladies, come on in. Stand in the middle of the room." They responded by walking to a few steps in front of my position. It was still a huge thrill watching someone immediately obey my word. When they reached their spot, they stood side by side facing me. I began to slowly walk around them. Sophie was in a colourful dress, the skirt of it came to her knees. I could tell she had an amazing body beneath it, but it wasn't as on display as Janice.
Yesterday, I'd commanded Janice to fuck me and had a great time. Today, I wanted to exert the control and domination fantasy with these two beauties.
"You two are going to sexually serve me. You're going to do whatever I want you to." I was behind them so I grabbed a handful of Janice's ass as I spoke.
"If I give you a command, you'll respond with a 'yes, sir' and it will arouse you fulfilling my wishes."
"Yes, sir," they both responded. I could feel a stirring in my cock in the shorts I was wearing.
I had continued pacing around them and was now in front of them with their eyes locked on me.
"Feeling my hands on your body or my dick inside you will turn you on as well. If I call you a degrading name, like 'bitch' or 'slut', you'll get even hotter."
"Yes, sir." Again the reply was a beautiful sound from the mouths of these two gorgeous women.
The other thing I knew I'd be experimenting with is having these two having a lesbian experience with each other. Picturing Sophie licking Janice's pussy while I fucked her from behind was a huge turn on.
It was time to get physical. I had to see what Sophie looked like.
"Strip out of your clothes." My gaze was locked on Sophie. She reached down to the hem of her dress and hiked it up and pulled it up her torso. She was pulling it over her head. She was wearing a tiny pair of panties. Her bra was blue and held a big pair of tits. As I was admiring them, Sophie had reached behind and was undoing her bra. As it came off, her tits fell to their natural position. The size of her rack made her body look so small.
I reached out with my left hand and grabbed Sophie's boob. She was pushing her panties down as I was squeezing it. I saw her eyes close for a moment and her pink lips tremble just slightly. I looked to the right, over at Janice, who had stripped to fully nude. I reached out and grabbed her hand and pulled her towards me. With my hand still working Sophie's tit, I grabbed Janice by the side of the neck and pulled her face into mine for a passionate and rough kiss.
I let go of both women.
"Kiss each other, really make out, and make it hot." I wanted an opportunity to shed my clothes.
Janice seemed to take the initiative. She turned to be face-to-face with Sophie and brought both hands to the sides of Sophie's face and pulled the two girls together and locked lips with her. Sophie matched her tempo and put her hands on Janice's hips and kissed her back passionately. They were successfully 'making it hot' for me. Better than I could have imagined. Sophie slid a hand from Janice's left hip up her front to grab at her tit.
I had shed myself of clothes and stood with my dick straining rock hard at the sight unfolding in front of me.
"Alright you two sluts, down on the floor, on your hands and knees, side by side, facing away from me."
"Yes, sir" they said as they slid into position.
I continued speaking, "Reach back with both hands and spread your ass cheeks and pussies as much as you can."
Sophie had a puffy set of pussy lips. As she spread herself, she revealed the deep pink inside. I could see that the blood was pumping through Janice's fuckhole as well. She was noticeably aroused and I could see the wetness forming as she opened herself up for me.
I had two juicy pussies staring up at me. As I'd spent yesterday pounding Janice, I decided to start with Sophie. I got down on my knees behind her, grabbed my cock firmly from the base of the shaft and lined it up with her pussy. I pushed forward and the head made contact with her hole. I met some resistance, she was tight. I pushed a little harder and my cockhead pressed inside. She was really tight. It felt like I was getting squeezed completely around my dick.
Sophie still had her hands on her ass cheeks, holding herself open for me. I took her arms by her wrists and held them together with my hand on her lower back. She was forced to arch her back to keep on her knees with her chest to the ground. I felt like I owned her. I began to slowly thrust, she eagerly eased back against me as I pushed. She was clearly liking the fucking I was giving her.
I built up a steady rhythm of my cock sliding back and forth inside her. I was still pinning her arms behind her with one of my hands. My other was restless, so I lifted it up and brought it down firmly on Sophie's ass cheek with a satisfying crack. She had pale white skin to a bikini tan line. I spanked her another couple of times until some pinkness began to show.
Janice was holding a position with her ass in the air and her fingers splayed across her ass holding herself as spread open as she could. As I continued fucking Sophie, I reached out and brought my hand down giving Janice a hard spank as well.
"Janice, take your hand, stick a couple of fingers in your mouth, get them nice and wet, then finger fuck yourself with them."
"Yes, sir." Janice complied, I saw her left hand snake it's way under her and reemerge between her legs and she began to push into herself. I spanked her again and she started moaning as she masturbated.
I was in heaven. I had handfuls of two gorgeous asses while fucking a beautiful blonde and a Janice masturbated for my entertainment. I looked down and my dick sliding slickly in and out of Sophie. Just above the action, her asshole sat prominently in the middle of the white skin of her ass. I couldn't resist. I took my left hand that was gripping her ass and slid across her ass so the tip of my thumb grazed her butthole. It excited me. I felt my dick throb which caused Sophie to deeply groan. I pushed my thumb against her ass firmly enough to push inside her butt a little bit, not quite up to the first knuckle. It was tight in there, I could feel her clamping down with her ass. I don't know how it felt to her but I was loving it.
"Janice, with your other hand, spread your asscheeks." Janice was pumping her fingers in and out at a pretty frantic speed. I reached out with my free hand and found her asshole with my index finger. Like with Sophie, I pushed in just enough to get the rush of exerting myself over this woman.
I kept pounding away while making the smallest movements with my thumb in Sophie's ass and the finger of my other hand in Janice's.
I was getting close to cumming, the thought of Janice and Sophie making out earlier made me realise I wanted to see them together again before I did cum. I pulled out of Sophie and decided how I wanted it to go.
"Sophie, roll over onto your back, keep your legs wide."
"Yes, sir."
"Janice, squat down on Sophie's face, facing me. She's going to lick your pussy."
"Yes, sir."
It wasn't long before the girls found their new positions. I lined up my cock, still throbbing hard, up with Sophie's pussy and thrust into her as I watched Janice lower her pussy over Sophie's face who had stuck out a tongue expectantly. It wasn't long before Sophie was licking and suckling vigorously and Janice was grinding her pussy down to get maximum pleasure.
The advantage of having Sophie on her back was that I got to see her massive tits. Fucking her so hard meant they were bouncing up and down on her chest. At the peak of each thrust, they would rock into each other very pleasingly. I reached down and grabbed her right nipple in a firm pinch and pulled the nipple, and the tit it was attached to, away from her chest until I felt its limit. Sophie groaned, muffled by Janice's cunt lips covering her mouth and face.
Sophie's tongue must have done a good job and Janice gave out a load moan and climaxed into Sophie's face.
It wasn't going to be much longer before I would blow. Sophie's cunt was squeezing my cock tight. I could tell that she was also ready to explode from the signs her pussy was giving me, then she did climax her cunt squeezing my dick even tighter as spasms wracked her body.
I reached up with my left hand and grasped the side of Janice's jaw in such a way that my thumb came to meet her plump lips. The thumb that had just been inside her friend's asshole. It was a hot thought, forcing her to taste her friend. I pushed my thumb roughly into her mouth.
"Suck it, bitch." Janice's eyes shut with obvious pleasure at the insult. Her tongue was swirling around my thumb.
That was it. I was ready to cum.
Janice, get off Sophie. Come lie next to her, and put your face as close as you can to her pussy."
"Yes, sir."
I pulled out of Sophie as Janice got into position. She did great, her face was sideways and she'd gotten her mouth to just an inch or two above Sophie's now well-fucked pussy.
With one hand, I grasped the shaft of my cock. It felt unnaturally hard. I placed the other hand at Janice's neck, holding her head in position and lightly choking her. She felt so delicate from this position.
It only took a couple of jerks and the first spurt of cum shot out and hit Janice in the eye and across her nose. She started moaning and bucking wildly. I instinctively tightened my grip at her neck keeping her head still. I adjusted the angle of my dick and pumped once more. This shot landed across Sophie's exposed pussy lips. Sophie let out a scream and, like Janice, began squirming as the orgasm hit her. I kept pumping and landed another couple of loads across Janice's face and another couple on Sophie's pussy and inner thigh.
I was spent. The sight before me was amazing.
"Janice, lick my cum off of Sophie." She precisely licked the ropes of cum, scooping them into her mouth.
"Stand up both of you." They rose and stood, side-by-side. Janice's face was a sticky mess of cum with the odd strand of her hair stuck in it. Sophie just looked blissfully content. I pulled my phone out and snapped a couple of pictures, whole body shots and then a close up of their faces.
"Sophie, kiss Janice and lick the cum off her face and swallow it."
"Yes, sir." I snapped a couple of final pictures as she did.
I pushed Janice on to her back I was so excited that I was already hard. My dick was quickly in to her wet fuck hole. I commanded Sophie to her cunt on Janice's face and soon I was pumping away into Janice and watching her lick at Sophie's cunt. The site was fantastic and I quickly lost control pumping semen deep into Janice.
I looked at the clock I still had two hours left with these two gorgeous prostitutes.
I had already arrange with Ginger that Janice would be coming to see me twice the next week. I had a cupboard full of handcuffs, chains, paddles, gags, butt plugs and vibrators that I wanted to try out on her.