Dear reader, the below tale is a real life story, I hope you enjoy...
Ellie my gorgeous wife was in an extremely playful mood. The kids were out at friends houses and we had discussed doing what happened in the below tale for some time, but seldom got the opportunity at the right time. We had both been on a chat website for over a year and some of her descriptive roleplays with her male and female friends were off the charts hot. We had agreed for her to have some 'fun' unwind time in roleplay land.
She had and still has an almost gravitational pull toward working herself up to a panty soaking mess via saucy fantasies with men in their 50s and 60s. Every now and then I would encourage her to send lingerie or naked photos of herself to them much to their delight. I even contacted a few of them and shared some sexy artistic photos of her
This particular day she had got her panties very wet from one of her chats, well I guess that wasnt a new thing, but I said to her maybe she should do a video striptease for him seeing as he had her in such an aroused state and we had the house to ourselves for a little while. We had previously discussed her doing a video call and I knew she would enjoy it a lot, but also knew she would need to be teased into it a bit and it would have to be the right timing. She had told me he was very naughty and had great detail and builds in his roleplays, but when they had non sensual chats he was very respectful and non sleazy - the perfect guy for this days adventure...
"I dont know, I'm a bit nervous" she said, but I could see more than a glint of excitement in her eyes.
Apart from Ellie jiggling her tits a few times, we had previously only done one video call show, which had been as a couple with another married couple where it began as a chat, then an undress, thrn foreplay then wild sex live on video for our chat friends. I will go into that in another story, it was an amazing night, but this night was all about her getting her curvacious body worshipped and flattered and letting out her exhibitionist side.
I left the room with her deeply engaged in her dirty fantasy with her online lover. She had recently received her latest lingerie order in the mail, so there were a few items which I was keen to get her into and ogle the way it would wrap her body. I love receiving the same present every time, but it is certainly fun having different wrapping paper each time, so the lingerie orders are usually around 10 to 15 items after we cut them down from the initial 30 items of interest. I rummaged through the plastic bags until I came across a blue fishnet bodysuit. I knew that would get her juices flowing even further so I placed it on the bed. Alongside it I placed a mask to give her a little anonymity. I thought an office type attire would go well over the top and she would look stunningly slutty with blue stockings under corporate attire, so i also laid a long sleeve white shirt and a short black skirt out on the bed.
"Ellie" I beconed from the bedroom.
She walked in a few moments later. I could hardly contain my excited grin. I motioned with my eyes for her to look at what was on the bed.
"Whats this?" she asked as she picked up the platic bag with the bodysuit in it.
She opened it and unravelled it. Holding it up in the air she said "this will never fit me"
I had to admit, it looked ridiculously small, it was a one size fits all, but the reviews from other BBW ladies on the site all had 5 stars for the fit when we bought it.
"Just try it on, it should fit. You get to pick the panties... if you want to wear any"
She seemed to have decided to go ahead with the call as she responded that she also wanted to wear a bra, so she rummaged through her extensive collection and found a simple purple bra and black lace gstring. She said "I'll ask him if he wants to do a video call" and typed him a quick message. He responded and she told me he would absolutely love to. I dont know if he was expecting as much as what he got.
I watched as she got undressed and began to put her tease outfit on. first the bra. She clasped it up in front of her cuddly belly then swivelled it around. She smiled at me as she pulled it up over her belly and hid her C/D cups from my view. "oh my god, this is going to be so much fun honey, thank you for letting me do this" she said, kissing me on the cheek.
Ellie quickly pulled her panties on, then began to work herself into the main event, or should I say the main part of her outfit. She worked her fingers into one leg of the outfit, it looked much more difficult than when she slides normal stockings on due to all the fishnet holes, nevertheless within seconds her foot, then her calf, then her thick thigh was covered in blue fishnet. She shot another smile at me as she worked the other leg in and pulled the crotchless garment body up over her body. Arms through and she was almost done.
"Fuck hun, that looks so good on you, screw the video call" I said as i moved in to hug her. We hugged briefly then she pushed me away playfully so she could twist and turn while she looked in the mirror. She said "You're just going to have to wait - if you can" as she grabbed my now quite firm cock through my shorts. "OK, give me the phone" she said, thinking she was ready to tease her online friend into blowing his load over video call.
"Not quite yet" I said and walked over to the bed. I picked up the shirt and skirt and handed them to her. "I'm sure he will appreciate this. The more layers to peel off, the more fun."
She buttoned up her white shirt and wiggled into her black skirt. My cock was pounding in anticipation of watching her tease out of her clothes while another man watched, albeit on a videocall.
We agreed that Ellie should perform her little parade in the hallway so she could strut up and down and let her friend enjoy the wiggle in her walk. She messaged him again to check if he was ready and almost before she had sent the message he replied 'yes, I'm looking forward to meeting you'.
She kissed me and then she dialled...
I held both of our phones, one for me to record the tease and one for the video call. They had never spoken verbally prior to this call, so he was greeted with both Ellies beautiful voice and also a view of Ellie standing in the hallway. A curvacious redheaded 5'6" BBW dressed like a slutty secretary ready to get her gear off for him.
His name was Jim and was in his late 50s. His wife was out of town for the weekend so he had all day to flirt online. Ellie told him that hubby was with her and was going to film the tease. I turned the camera around and gave him a quick hello, then turned the phone back to the main event, Ellie. He complimented her on how pretty she was and described how he liked her outfit.
After a little flattering banter I could see she was itching to get her tease started. She asked "Well, would you like to see me take my shirt off?"
He replied that he would love to see that, and off she went.
She walked up the hallway, wiggling her cute big bottom, then turned around. She slowly teased her buttons open, revealing more and more of her blue body stocking, the bra underneath and her cleavage. Her bedroom eyes were firmly fixated on the phone camera, watching him salute to her as (she later told me) he dropped his pants and started to slowly tease his cock.
Once fully unbuttoned she untucked the bottom of the shirt from her skirt and seductively removed it. I can't remember all of his comments, but he was constantly encouraging her in a hungry yet very polite manner, obviously enjoying his free private show so far.
Ellie walked back toward us, her boobs and belly jiggling under the bra and bodystocking. She blew him a quick kiss, then turned and strutted back to her halfway point up the corridor. A master at teasing, she remained with her back to us, ran her hands down her sides, over her hips and down to the hem of her skirt. She pulled the tight skirt which sat mid thigh up provocatively and side to side, wiggling her ass orbs as she did it, all the way up to her waist. This was met with delighted surprise from Jim, then after a few seconds flashing her gstring clad ass
she just as teasingly wiggled the skirt back down.
She paused for a few seconds, then moved her hands to the waist of her skirt, and proceeded to tease it down. Again I couldn't see Jim, but I could hear comments like "oh my gosh" "oh wow" "now that is one sexy ass" "oh I know what I'd like to do with that". She bent over as she proceeded to pull her skirt down past her knees and then stood up and jiggled it down to the floor, kicking it off. Now she was just dressed in her mask, bra, panties and the blue bodysuit.
Ellie and Jim chatted a little more, she struck several poses of front back and side profiles for him. She was in her element. I asked if he would like to see her tits. He certainly did, and as the bodysuit covered the bra i handed ellie the chat phone so I could assist in unclasping her bra. I helped her take one shoulder strap off, as eager for Ellie to flash Jim as she was to show him and as he was to see. She kept a hold of the phone, giving him good cleavage shots as she removed the bra in a delicate operation from under the fishnet. Finally her D cups were free of their restraint, but still had the bodystocking over them.
I reckon Jim near creamed his pants at the sight of her girls being released, and I saw those amazing tits, which after 10 years of marriage I have seen, sucked and fondled thousands of times, in their new outfit, with another married man watching them, drooling over them from his side of the video call.
They spoke for a short while, Ellie ensuring he got a good look at her tits and face before Ellie gave the phone back to me and continued to strip. She slid the bodysuit off herself, at the end having to step on the suit with one foot to take it off the other foot. She then proceeded to walk the catwalk (hallway) swinging her bottom and hips elegantly as she walked to the other end giving Jim and I a wonderful view, naked except her black G-string. She paused at the end and put her hands up on the walls either side of her, striking a few poses with her back to us for a few seconds, before turning and walking back toward us. I was keeping my eyes on her face as well as the strip, and I could see she was having the time of her life being a 'naughty little slut' as she would say.
Again she turned and walked back to her mid hallway stage. Here she once again turned her back to us and slowly lowered her gstring. It clung in her asscrack and then snapped out as it stretched.
I asked Jim if he wanted to see her pussy. He sounded like he was trying to hold off coming, and of course politely agreed he would love to see. She bent as she lowered the gstring to her ankles and I moved both phones in closer to get a good view of her pussy and ass from behind. He moaned in awe before she straightened up. Ellie missed seeing it, but he later told her this was the moment when his 7 inches exploded cum all over his chest.
I moved the cameras back to get full view of her again just in time to capture her remove one foot from her gstring, and then kick it up in the air and catch it.
She walked the catwalk one last time, this time the only clothing she had was her saturated black gstring in her hand.
She took the phone back and saw the messy tribute he had made to her. "Oh my gosh Jim, did I make you do that?" she asked in a cute innocent voice. "What a shame you're not here, that could have gone deep in my pussycat" They both laughed.
Jim said "If your husband wants to send you over here you can clean it up for me." They both laughed again. She said "Yum, I wish" He lived in a different state anyway, but in the heat of the moment I certainly would have let her.
Ellie posed naked for Jim for a short while talking more before they wrapped up the call. He was most appreciative and thanked us both for the experience. We thanked him in return. He told me again what a lucky man I was for having such a beautiful and lovely wife.
I asked Ellie if she had enjoyed herself and she said she had. She said to Jim that she hoped she hadn't been too slutty in her cutest innocent voice, and he reassured her that she was gorgeous and her tease had been a work of art. We ended the call as Ellies tease was finished and on Jims end, he would also now need to go and have a shower.
After the call we of course jumped straight into our bed. I decided to tease Ellie as she knelt on the bed with her beautiful big ass smiling up at me. "Jim enjoyed that so much that he decided to come visit. He is about to fuck you with his big cock." She moaned "Mmm give it to me Jim." I slid my 6 inches deliberately and slowly into her soaked pussy. Then slowly out. I pulled her ass apart and slid in slowly again. QUEEEEF - her pussy spoke to me as I entered her, the sound making my already hard cock strain with pleasure. I jumped into 3rd party mode fully telling her how much I had enjoyed the tease she had given me, She continued to call me Jim as I sped up.
We dirty talked as we fucked and I recall the last thing she said was "Jim, put your finger in my ass while you fuck me"
I didnt last much longer than 2 minutes after that, I could feel my cock now pounding her pussy with the finger that i had slid into her ass. She reached in under herself and rubbed the orgasm button as I was coming close to sending my sperm for a swim. We both came hard and slouched down tangled on the bed together.
A few minutes later, Ellie spoke to me "Hubby?". Apparently I was not 'Jim' anymore.
"Yes Ellie" still puffing a little.
"Pop out of the room for a minute and come back"
I left the room and came back in soon after.
I was greeted with "Ummm, Honey, Jim from chat came to visit, and I was a naughty girl, I let him have his way with me. He made a bit of a mess in my pussycat. I think you might need to clean me up..."
"Oh really" I replied with a smirk
She rolled onto her back and I laid down between her open legs. I started licking her upper thighs. She moaned "mmm, eat my cum filled pussy." This is one of those things that I sometimes want to do while we are fucking but often lose the urge after I cum. Any time she coaxes me into licking her pussy though, how can I refuse. The thought of her having been fucked by another man and that I had come home to her pussy filled with another mans cum, well the clean up was thrilling for me.
I moved my way up and she wrapped her thighs around my head. It wasnt long before her thighs were trembling around my head. I licked what I imagined to be her and Jims combined juices, until she shook uncontrollably, squeezing my head with her delicious thick thighs, then pushed my head away as it was too much for her. I moved up and lay on her to share the taste from my mouth with a long kiss.
She looked me in the eye and said "Thank you Hubby, that was amazing."
I have watched the video many times since the stripshow, and I am always hard without touching by the 1 minute mark. The tease seemed to go for about half an hour at the time, but the video timer comes in at a little over 7 minutes. I had intended to add some screenshots from the video to the story, however it is a little difficult, so I will try to add them in a separate forum submission once Ellie approves the pics.