Madison hastily opened the door to her apartment and threw her shirt on the table as she made her way toward the bedroom. As she closed the door, her tears hit her full force. She cried harder than she had cried yet that evening as the reality of what had just happened sank in.
"Ohhhh, fuck!" She wailed as she pressed her hands on the closed door, leaning her head against it, defeated. "I just - they just - I just stripped completely naked for - God, how many people?! And I acted like a complete slut for them! Probably a bunch of people from school, and I - I'm sure they'll all know it was me! He fucking - that bastard Dan, he ripped my mask off and showed them all!"
"Why did I have to go turn into such a slut?!" She asked herself rhetorically. "Why, why, why? And I - I knew it! I knew there were people there this time, I could feel it! And I just told them to - I told them all I'm a dumb slut and I need to be humiliated! Ohhhh, God, and I slapped my face and my cunt and wrecked my throat with a dildo and begged," she cried through her sobs, "begged them to video me and post it everywhere!"
"I really am just a dirty fucking cunt!" She cried. "I really do deserve this!" She slapped herself in the face, punishing herself for getting herself into this mess. Madison slowly approached the mirror and saw the words written on her tits for the first time. "Expose and ruin me," it said. Madison erupted into tears anew as she read these words.
In the midst of all this, she felt her phone vibrate in her back pocket. But instead of looking at it, she kicked off her shoes and pulled off her jeans, standing naked at the mirror.
"You're just a worthless piece of shit," she said to her reflection as she slapped her face again. "You're such a slut you actually just gave a live sex show to - like - a hundred people, maybe two hundred! You just completely humiliated yourself and the worst part is, you're such a slut you actually liked it. And then you - you let people - people from school - see the writing on your body. SLUT."
"And if that isn't enough, you wanted more, didn't you, slut?" She struck her face again. "You stretched out and let a bunch of cars see that you're wearing a tiny shirt and have SLUT written on you. It's not a lie, is it? You're a dirty, nasty fucking slut!"
"And then - then you still wanted more so you pulled your top off like a whore and let everyone see your tits!" She slapped herself again. "Yes, that's it, bitch. You know how much you loved it, don't you, whore?" She barely noticed that her tears had all but stopped falling, and what had started as a raunchy self- punishment and self-loathing session had turned into something that was arousing her again.
But whether she realized it or not, she was turned on. And she laid down on the bed and spread her legs and stuffed three fingers into her cunt and continued.
"Mmmm, yes, Madison, you got what you fucking wanted, didn't you? You got what you deserve! and now tomorrow, the whole school is going to know I'm a slut. They're going to come up to me, one after the other - they're going to all want to use me. To slap me around and fuck me and spread me all over, ohhhh, fuck I can't wait!"
"And you know what? I'm just going to let them. Why not. My life is ruined anyway. So come on. Use me, ohhhh! Make me dress like a whore in class and write nasty shit on myself every day and turn me into an internet whore! Yeah, ohhh, that's it, Madison, tell them all who you really are! Tell them you're a Webslut! I'll even fuck all the girls! I'll suck off the fat guys too! I'll be the nastiest, skankiest slut this school has ever seen!"
Madison drifted away to dreamland again as she fingered herself.
In her dream, she brazenly walked into her most important class wearing her shortest skirt, a top that tied in front and barely covered her tits, and four-inch heels. Her ass was plugged and "slut" was written in large letters on her stomach for all to see. She reached high over her head, stretching her arms and body out as she lifted her school bag over her shoulder. Really, she was just trying to give the guys - and girls - a show, exposing as much flesh as possible.
"Hey there, slut," one of the guys said. It seemed like nobody even knew her name anymore. Slut it was, and that was fine with her.
"Hi," she said, turning to face him and smiling wide. She felt completely humiliated, but made no effort to cover any portion of her body. Her outfit had really not left her a choice - she was on display now whether she liked it or not. That was by design, of course - she didn't want to even leave the door open for her to chicken out.
"Hey, she's - that's the girl! You know, the girl!" Another guy said.
"From the auditorium?"
"Yeah!"
Madison felt her face flush. She knew everyone must know all about her by now. Her reputation was really in the toilet, and she was loving it!
"Yeah, that's- that was me," she said. "Did you like the little show I put on?"
"Yeah, super hot."
"Well that's not the only thing I do - you know," she said, sitting down on the top of a desk and spreading her legs wide. Her pussy was perfectly visible up her skirt and she made no effort to conceal it as four horny college guys converged one her.
"What do you mean?" One asked excitedly.
"I mean, I'm - I'm like - I'm exposed all over the internet. I'm Webslut Madison. Just look me up. I'm just a filthy slut that craves being exposed and - you know, humiliated. I want to be famous and everything!"
"Holy shit!" One guy said as he held his phone up. "I'm watching all these later!"
"Yeah, tell your friends. Spread me around. Oh, and one other thing?"
"What?"
"I'm - I mean, I don't know how else to say this, but - I want - I want to be the biggest slut - I mean like - if you guys ever want to fuck me - not just fuck me, but use me - like I showed you - I mean, slap me, make me do nasty shit - I'm basically a free use slut so, yeah."
Madison's fantasy fast forwarded in her head. She was in front of the class. Her hands were on the whiteboard. She was bent over, ass exposed.
"Take your top off, slut," a voice said.
"Right here, in front of the class?"
"Yes."
Madison turned slowly. She breathed heavily. She couldn't believe what she was about to do.
"And tell them what you are."
"I'm a slut. I'm Webslut Madison. And I want my life, my reputation ruined and to be exposed everywhere as a slut. I want everyone on campus to know." She slowly reached down and pulled up her top before her fantasy fast forwarded again.
Madison was in the cafeteria, hundreds of people around. And she was on the top of a table, naked, hands behind her head. Dozens of eyes were on her. She looked down. Her stomach had writing on it again. This time it said "Madison Holt, Master's Candidate, Expose and ruin me." Around her neck hung a lanyard with her ID so anyone could verify her identity.
Suddenly she was grabbed, blindfolded, thrust to the tabletop. Hands grabbed her all over. A cock was thrust in her mouth and she greedily sucked it as another penetrated her pussy.
"Oh, GOD YES!" She screamed. She had the attention of everyone in the room. "Fuck me, right here!" She begged in between having her throat rammed with cock. "Give me your cum! Mmmmm, ohhhhh, mmmmm!"
"Ohhhhh I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm such a filthy slut, someone put another cock in me! Fuck me until you've all had a turn, ohhhh!" Back in reality, Madison convulsed on her bed, deep in the throes of another beautiful orgasm.
Madison began crying again no sooner than she had stopped cumming. "Is this what my life has become?" She wailed in agony. "Wanting - needing - to be an exposed slut for the whole school? Wanting to be publicly gangbanged in front of everyone?"
She sat up and wiped the tears from her eyes. What time was it? She wondered. Reaching for her jeans on the floor, she grabbed her phone, and in the process, she saw a message - or two messages, that is - from Dan.
"Hey there. You all right? You sort of took off in a hurry, just wanted to check."
"And just so you know - there were about 100 people watching you. Only 2 of them from school, and both of them are friends of mine you've already played with. So this isn't going to be all over campus or anything."
Madison exhaled a sigh of relief as she read that message. "Oh wow," she thought. "And I was so convinced I was toast!"
"Oh thank God," she texted him back. "Although I had quite the orgasm fantasizing about being ruined in front of the whole school just now!"
"So that's why you took off in such a hurry?" Dan texted back cheekily.
"No, I was scared and utterly humiliated! Despite the fact that it was crazy hot."
"So...being exposed and outed to the whole school...is that something you really want?" He asked.
"Fuck!" She thought. "He better not...I mean...it would be hot, but damn! Like - I know it's probably going to happen at some point anyway..." Madison decided it was too insane to go for it, but to arousing to simply slam the door on the idea.
"I don't know," she texted back simply.
"Dan - I think I need to get out of here for a couple days before I do something really stupid and crazy that I'm going to regret."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean I want to write slut on my body and just strut around in front of crowds of people, shit like that. Really feel the humiliation and stuff, but not here. I want to do it somewhere else."
"I just had an idea - what if we went away for a weekend? Just you and me? And you could do the crazy shit you want, really expose and humiliate yourself. And follow some rules I'd give you ;)"
"That would be awesome actually," she replied.
And so it was that two weekends later, in mid-October, Dan and Madison set out in his car for a weekend trip. Madison had been instructed to bring anything she wanted except clothes - they would be selected by Dan and packed in advance.
She arrived in the morning at his apartment and quickly changed into the outfit he has bought for her to wear for the trip down. It was an extremely tiny pair of denim shorts that didn't quite cover her ass in the back and holes ripped in the front, and they were low enough on her hips that her pelvic bones were exposed. The shorts were paired with a low-cut T-shirt, light yellow, cropped about three inches below her breasts.
Madison nervously stepped out of the apartment and walked to Dan's car with him. "Dan, my whole fucking stomach is out!" She said, giggling.
"I know," said Dan.
"I love it. I can't wait to strut my slutty ass around all weekend!"
"Good, because you're going to."
"Good. And the best part is - no classmates, no friends - nobody that knows me at all."
As they drove, the two friends - or whatever you would call the relationship they had - got to talking. At first, rather than discuss anything sexual, they chatted about music, school, and friends. But the conversation took a turn when Dan became curious about something.
"So - I have to ask you something. You seem so normal on the surface, you know? How does a girl like you turn into such a slut?" He was only half-serious, of course, but she began to answer in a fully serious way.
"You mean like - what's my slut origin story?" She asked playfully.
"Sure," he said. "We've got a couple hours before we get there."
"Okay. Well, I mean - I guess if you go back far enough, how it all started was - I guess it all started with porn."
"Porn?"
"Yeah. I mean that was the first time I really ever got captivated by anything related to sex. I still remember what it felt like. I was looking at this picture of a girl - probably about my age now, early 20s or so. She was sitting there, completely naked, legs spread open, not covering up her tits or anything. And she had the biggest smile on her face, like she - she knew she was naked on the internet. She knew thousands of people could look at her. And she was happy about it! Like she wanted it! And it just felt so dirty, so - so slutty!"
"But like - the trouble with porn is - and it took me a long time to realize this - like, when you discover something new, it's exhilarating. Your heart flutters and your chest pounds and you'll do anything to keep looking. Or watching. But then within a few days, that feeling fades and leaves you feeling kind of empty. But you still crave that feeling. And the only way to get that back is to find something more dirty, more raunchy - more extreme."
"So what happened after that?"
"I mean - like - you know I'm into girls, too. You saw the videos, I'm sure. But, like - I'm not into girls the same way I'm into guys, you know? Like - guys can look at porn of a naked girl and I guess they would think, oh, she's hot, or - oh, what a slut - or whatever. But I always looked at porn with girls and just sort of imagined - you know - that it was me. That I was the girl."
"So then I started looking for more - dirtier porn, I guess. Guys fucking girls, then girls giving blowjobs, swallowing cum. Girls taking it up the ass. Girls talking dirty. Then gangbangs, public sex, and so on - and I'm imagining I'm the girl the whole time."
"It's like I was addicted or something, and I had to have more and more of that drug, so to speak, to get the same high. And sure, I'd take breaks every once in a while, I'd get bored, or I'd start dating somebody and stop for a while because I was too busy actually having sex - but I'd always come back. And along the way I saw what they used to call Facebook sluts - girls who had tons of sexy pictures on Facebook."
"And then I found websluts. And there were only a few of them, or at least - only a few good ones - real ones, cute ones - and I started to imagine what it would be like. You know - if that was me."
"So you decided to become one?" Dan asked.
"I mean - it wasn't like one day I woke up and decided I wanted to be a huge Webslut and be exposed and all that. I mean, does anybody wake up and decide they've never had a cigarette but today they'd like to become a smoker?" She said with a laugh. "No, they try one, and they like it, but it's a while later before they have another. But soon those intervals in between get smaller and smaller until they have a pack-a-day habit."
"So how did it happen - with you?"
"I guess after a while I realized that I wasn't getting turned on by porn like I used to. Like, at all. I mean, I was watching a girl get triple-teamed by big cocks and slapped around and spanked and humiliated - or maybe a girl swallowing ten loads of cum - and it still wasn't the same as it used to be. It wasn't even the same as me looking at that first naked smiling girl. And no matter how much I imagined - fantasized - about being the girl in the video, I couldn't get the same rush out of it anymore."
"And during this time, I was - other than looking at porn and all that - I was a pretty normal girl. I didn't sleep around much. Just picked up a boyfriend for a couple months here and there, once or twice a year, and slept with him. Only ever had a couple hookups with guys I barely knew. I think when I started posting naked pictures online, I only had sex with about eight people at that point. And only one girl, and that was a drunken experiment that I wound up liking, but..." she trailed off.
"And speaking of girls - I'm attracted to girls. But not necessarily your all-American good girls. I mean - I like my girls dirty, filthy, slutty - it turns me on when girls misbehave like that. And I guess I'm - this is going to sound weird, but I - I find myself attractive. Like I can get turned on by my own body. And if I want to see a girl act like a total slut, sometimes the best way is to just watch myself act like a total slut and get off to it as if I'm watching someone else. I'm aroused by my own slutty behavior like that."
"So - part of it, too, is that I started making the porn I wish other girls made, because I wanted desperately to see some poor nervous girl get permanently exposed. So I guess the only way I was ever going to see it was to be that girl. And not just porn, other stuff. I want to see a girl get throated, I go out and get throated. So yeah, I like guys and girls differently."
"Different how?" Dan asked.
"I mean - I never wanted to be a huge lesbian or anything. Girls are - they're just for fun, I guess. Definitely sexy to be with. But I've never like - had a girlfriend or anything. And you remember Hannah - she's the only one I've slept with consistently. Girls are so sexy, so beautiful - but I don't think I could date a girl exclusively and give up cock, you know? I guess when I imagined myself in a relationship, it was always with a guy."
"So how did you make it from watching porn to - to posting naked pictures?" Dan asked.
"I mean, porn had just gotten so boring. Even the - the more extreme, unrealistic stuff like girls getting gangbanged in the street or getting stuffed by a soccer team or fucking their older professor for grades or sucking off a cop at a traffic stop. So I guess I - I thought maybe if looking at it and watching it was so boring and I always imagined myself as the girl anyway instead of thinking about her in the second or third person - I thought maybe I'd post a couple pictures and see what happened."
"So what did you post?"
"It was really mild at first. I mean - pictures a lot of girls have on Instagram. It was bikini pictures, sexy outfits, little skirts and tops. And then lingerie. But no nudity at first. And I just posted them to a porn site and let people look at me. But God, it was such a rush! Like, all those feelings I had came back and I - I knew I was hooked."
"But then, just like when I was looking at it, that feeling wore off, and I had to do something a little more extreme to get it back. And I mean - I guess if I'd been smart enough I would have seen where this was headed, that I would wind up being - acting out the most extreme porn I had seen. But I either didn't realize it or I was too turned on to care."
"So then I basically posted nude pictures trying to replicate that girl I saw. Smiling, wanting the guys looking at me to know how insanely happy it made me to be - you know - exposed like that. It was so humiliating, but it turned me on so much at the same time."
"And then one day when that excitement wore off I decided I wanted to show off a little in public, but I was too embarrassed to do it around school. So I drove an hour away to go to a mall where nobody would recognize me. And I dressed like a slut. I mean a SLUT. And it got more revealing as I went. Actually that's the day I met Hannah. And I wound up like - I got so turned on I couldn't stop myself. I flashed a few people, and I wound up wearing just this little denim jacket and a skirt - no bra, no shirt, no panties - and opening up the jacket to show my tits and lifting up the skirt to show my pussy and ass."
"Inside the mall?"
"Yeah," she giggled. "And then I got out of there before I got in trouble and kept flashing all the way to the car."
"Wow," he replied. "That's incredible!"
"Oh, trust me - I got an insane rush out of it! Just opening my jacket up and showing my tits inside a mall - I really felt like an exposed slut that day."
"So how did you get from that to making those videos?"
"Well, I - my friend, Hannah - I wanted her to do something for me and she agreed, but only if I played this risky dice roll game where if I won - like least humiliating - I'd just have to take some nude pictures and post them, no personal information or anything, and if I lost - like most extreme - I'd have to post a lot of info, like my name, my town, stuff like that."
"And I like - I didn't do it at first because I was too nervous. I was nervous I'd be ruined forever. I mean, it was a hot fantasy, but I just wanted it to be a fantasy, I thought. And then I did it, and the first time I basically 'won' and didn't have to post much. So it was okay. Except it was kind of a letdown because it was kind of tame. And then from that point on, I kept thinking about it - like, what it would be like to have nude pictures, face and all, posted with my real name somewhere where anyone could find them."
"So then you decided to make it happen?"
"No," Madison said with a laugh. "I decided I couldn't take it anymore. The rush I got from playing the game - it kept calling back to me, I guess. Until one day I couldn't take it anymore and I did it again."
"What happened that time?"
"I lost. Big time. Fully nude, face included, full name, town, everything. And like a good little slut, I followed the rules and posted them and waited for my life to be ruined." Madison smiled flirtatiously as she said these words to Dan.
"But that still doesn't explain the videos," he pointed out.
"Yeah, so then basically someone emailed me out of the blue and said he had seen it and found my Facebook and everything. He started blackmailing me, really pushing me, but I actually loved it. He really turned me into a slut. The weird thing is, to this day I have no idea who he is, never got a picture of him or even a name. But he would force me to make videos of me doing crazy stuff and send to him. Those are the older ones I posted. And then the more I sent him, the more leverage he had, so it just kept going, until -"
"Until what?"
"Until - I realized I wasn't being ruined. Somehow the dice roll pictures never got that popular and nobody ever did anything else with them, even though they are still there. My blackmailer wasn't posting the videos, just keeping them for himself. So one day he went out of town for a while this past summer and told me I couldn't cum until he got back, and I got so frustratingly horny I couldn't take it. I planned it out, like in the videos, then posted them all trying to ruin myself."
"So you just did that to yourself then? For what?"
"Just to - to get the rush, I guess. I mean, I know it's stupid and I know it's crazy and risky and all that. But when I get turned on, I - I don't know, I want it, I guess. I can't stop myself."
"So have you ever thought about it? Stopping it all, I mean? Just going back to - you know - you, before you were closed?"
"Honestly, I - I think about it every day. I mean - I think about - you know, there's a part of me, one half of me, maybe, that wants to just have a normal life. I want to make my parents proud, my teachers, you know? Be successful, get married, have kids, go on a vacation every once in a while. And I think every day that I should just end it. Take down all my videos and pictures and beg and plead for all the other websites out there to take them down too."
"I mean, think about it. I know if I keep going, shit, I - anyone can google my name and see everything I've been up to. And that's future employers, classmates, old friends wondering how and what I'm doing. And then once one of them finds out they'll just tell the rest. It's going to get to a point where everyone I know will just see me as a dumb slut and not even a person. And I won't be able to get a job, I mean - what parent would want me in a classroom with their kids!?"
"So yeah, I think about it every day. And I can't make myself do it. I'm always thinking - Madison, just one more orgasm, just one more day, one more week. And then again and again and that day never comes. And there's the half of me that never wants it to, because half of me wants to be normal, have a normal life, and the other half wants to be as humiliated and exposed as possible. Forever, no going back, accepting my place as a disgraced slut and committing myself to a life of - you know. Humiliation. Exposure. Shame. It just turns me on too much to turn away."
"So - I mean - doesn't it seem like you're just waiting for fate to make a decision for you instead of making one yourself?" Dan asked.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, like - say one day you get offered a great job despite everything your online reputation. Would that be fate deciding you should be normal? Or maybe you wind up down and out - constantly humiliated. The whole school discovers you, then your friends and finally your parents. You're shunned, can't get a job - maybe that's fate telling you you were meant to be a permanently exposed slut?"
"No, I mean - I mean, I know if I don't do anything one way or the other it's going to happen, I'm going to wind up totally ruined. And I guess a part of me is okay with that. I mean, if I decided to live a normal life starting tomorrow - yeah, I mean, I'd still have my memories and everything, but just - I can't really see myself being happy. Like, married with kids, nice house, but my sex life sucks, and I just dream about going back to living like a nasty slut all the time."
"Then on the other hand, I like - don't want to write off having a normal life because I want to be successful, be a good daughter, be financially stable, all the things I'm supposed to want. So it's like - I don't want to give up either side of me just yet, you know?"
"Yeah. I mean - speaking of getting married and all that - I've never known you to really date anybody. I mean - do you ever think about getting involved with a guy? Or even a girl?"
"No. No, I don't - I just - I'm not relationship material, I guess. Or I don't see myself that way."
"I mean - like, you feel like you don't deserve a relationship? Or what?"
"No, not that. And girls - I mean, girls are sexy, fun - but I've never envisioned myself with a girlfriend. Yeah, I'm attracted to girls and I like to sleep with girls sometimes. But I'm not - I don't know, girls are just for fun. I've just never - girls are for hooking up, or like me and Hannah, we are, I guess you would say, friends with benefits. But I - I mean, despite the physical attraction, I never thought I'd date a girl."
"And guys? I mean - it's not that I don't deserve it. I'm just not relationship material. Like I'm - I mean - I'm pretty much damaged goods, you know? Like, who's going to want me?"
"That's the first problem. Yeah, I'm attractive and all. But like - what decent guy is going to want the girl that got gangbanged by six guys? Who flashed her body all over the mall, and sucked cum out of a used condom from a stranger, and stripped naked and humiliated herself in front of a hundred people? Who wants the girl who openly calls herself a slut and a whore and a fuck toy? Who wants the girl who craves being exposed and ruined? And tried to destroy her own throat with a dildo?"
"Seven guys," Dan corrected. He was counting himself, of course. "And lots of guys want the girl they can throatfuck with no complaints!"
"Yeah but - you know - a decent guy is just going to try to fix me. Save me. You know, all that crap. Not indulge me. Most guys would want the slut in bed and a nice normal girl everywhere else, and it's just not me, you know? Like - I like to dress slutty. Show off my slutty body for everybody, out in public. Most guys are going to try to control me - tell me I shouldn't dress that way, tell me I embarrass them to be seen out in public with me, or that they don't want hundreds of guys staring at my body. Well, guess what? I want them staring at me. It turns me on! I don't want a guy that's going to inhibit me. That's the second problem. Because I'm just going to wind up sexually frustrated, and then what's the point?"
"And not to mention - there's the whole Webslut Madison problem. Like - what do I do with that? Lie? Pretend I'm not completely exposed and ruined? That's not fair to him. Tell him? I might as well not get involved, nobody wants an internet whore who is basically a slut for the whole world. Or if I don't, what if his buddies come up to him and say 'hey, man, your girl is naked and humiliating himself all over the internet?' No, it's just not going to work."
"I mean - I'm not the girl you bring home
to mom and dad, you know? I'm the girl you fuck and never see again, or fuck on the side and toss me away when you're done. Or watch from afar and jack off to me. But I guess right now I just wasn't meant for a relationship."
"What if you did - hypothetically- find a nice guy who wanted a nasty slut and didn't care what anyone thought?"
"He's probably not a nice guy, first of all. He's probably not relationship material either, and then I'm the one who doesn't want to bring HIM home. And besides - that would mean I'd have to somehow switch back and forth between being a dumb dirty whore in all the right moments and being a sweet normal girl in all the right ones too. How could I do that? How could I know when to be which side of me? And would someone even want that?"
"I don't know," Dan said, shaking his head. "So say you do end up completely ruined, can't get a job or anything. Have you thought about what you'd do then?"
"Yeah, I think about that a lot too. Like - first of all, my friends would mostly disown me. My parents - they'd be so disappointed in me, and I'd be an embarrassment to the whole family. They'd kick me out on my ass until I figured things out. So I'd basically be broke and homeless unless I could earn some cash somehow."
"And how would you do that?"
"I had some ideas, no good ones. I mean, I thought, oh, I could be a stripper. I already love to take my clothes off. But there's something about that that just seems so wrong. Not that I'm opposed to strippers or anything. I just - like - I like to get naked and humiliate myself. And I like to do it for free, because, like - it proves to everyone- and to me - that I'm doing it because I genuinely enjoy it, and not just to earn a paycheck. Like, where do you draw the line between a stripper wanting to get naked and a stripper down and out just ripping her clothes off reluctantly to make ends meet?"
"So I thought about - I could set up an account on a pay per view or subscription type porn site, keep making the videos and charge to watch them. Same problem. I just want to be a free slut, not feel like less of a slut because I'm milking it for money or because I have to do it to put food on the table."
"So what else have you thought about?"
"I mean - this seems a little nutty, but I thought I could be like - a live-in sex slave for an older, you know - an older, successful type guy - and he could fuck me whenever he wanted, I'd humiliate myself for him - fuck his friends if he wanted, he could whore me out, he could force me to perform and make porn and post it everywhere. And I'd have a free place to stay and food and stuff and I'd just be a slut all day and do cam shows and basically just act like a whore."
"Wow. Yeah, well, at least you have options," Dan said.
"You know what scares me though?"
"What?"
"I've noticed - I mean, like - every time I get that rush I crave by doing something sexual, I have to take it a step farther next time to get the same feeling. Like, I'm 22 years old and already I've been gangbanged, stripped in front of a crowd, flashed by body, and have 40ish porn videos all over the internet. I take it up the ass, I do ass to mouth, I beg to be exposed, I humiliate myself for fun. And yet I keep needing something nastier. And it hasn't stopped. And, yeah, the next thing for me is probably going to be complete exposure, permanent humiliation, the school finding out, my friends, my family. I actually crave it."
"But like everything else - I'm sure that will fade to. Sure, I'll get off to it for a while. But what happens when that gets boring? What do I do then? It has to be nastier, you know - it has to be more humiliating."
"So what am I going to be like when I'm 25? Will I be fucking nasty guys just to get a rush? Licking their assholes? Getting pissed on, and drinking it? God, it's so nasty. It doesn't turn me on at all thinking about it now. But what if - what if it's the only thing left? What if I - I mean, I've fantasized about being a cheap whore. Like, really cheap. Say I needed $1,500 every month to live on. Say I decided to be a whore and sold myself for $50 each. I could live on one dick a day."
"But what if I decide that's not enough? Not enough dick, not enough humiliation. I haven't sank low enough. So I cut the price in half, $25. Three hole slut for $25, no protection. Nothing. and then I need more, so I cut it to $20. Then $10, and I'm fucking five guys every day, mostly bare. Then I sink lower. I write $5 whore on my body and strut around and take ten dicks a day. Then $2 a dick and now I need - shit, I need twenty five a day just to pay my rent, and then one day I decide I'm tired of it and sell myself for a dollar, all three holes, buy one get one free, and fuck around the clock."
"And it's scary. Is that what I'm going to be when I'm 30? Used up by thousands of guys, kids - don't know who the father is, and how many diseases am I going to catch?"
"That's intense, Madison. I mean - I hope it doesn't come to that."
"Yeah, me too. It scares the shit out of me honestly. Or what if I just can't stand the thought of making money and just fuck anyone who asks, no questions asked? Or just go in a really crowded place and tear off all my clothes and start fingering myself and beg everyone to use me until they arrest me and take me away? Or if I - if I just start posting links to my porn exposure on my Facebook and Instagram for everyone to see, including my friends and family?"
"Holy shit, Madison. You have some twisted thoughts!"
"Yeah, they're fears just as much as fantasies. I mean, since I keep chasing more and more - who knows how bad it's going to get? Where's the limit?"
"Yeah - I mean, I hope you figure things out before you really do something you regret."
Madison chucked a little, as if she hadn't already.
"Hey, I have to piss," Dan said. "And get gas. I'm going to pull off here and fill up, and I want you to do something while I'm in the bathroom."
"What is it?" Madison asked as he exited the highway.
"Well, first - I assume you came on this trip to get away from school. And by that I mean you wanted to act like a complete slut and not risk anyone you know finding out. Or am I wrong?"
"No, I - I think that's pretty much why I came," she admitted.
"That's what I thought," he said with a smile. "Now - you trust me, right? Trust me not to push you into anything you can't handle?"
"Yeah," she agreed.
"I think it would be fun if you did exactly as I said for the weekend. Are you on board with that?"
"When am I not?"
"Good. Now when I stop, I want talk to go into the ladies room. Take off your bra and toss it in the trash, you won't need it. And write slut on that sexy stomach of yours in big letters so everyone can see. You have a lot of skin exposed so put it right here in the middle where you can't cover it up. Then come back and wait for me outside the car."
Madison just nodded in agreement as Dan pulled into the gas station and handed her a sharpie. She pulled the handle and stepped out of the car. The slut could already feel eyes on her body and she hadn't even done anything yet! Her ass was hanging out of her shorts and her whole stomach was out, and it was as if every eye of every man at the gas station - she looked around and there were three of them - wanted to take her right then and there.
Madison stepped inside the store and walked to the back where the restrooms are located. She walked inside and looked in the mirror. "I still can't believe I'm doing this," she thought to herself. "After all this time and everything I've done. If this is still a rush, maybe there's still hope for me after all."
She selected the stall the farthest from the door and took off the tiny top, and then her bra. She exhaled as she put the shirt back on, and noticed that her nipples, now rock hard, could be seen through her shirt - not the color, just the outline where they poked the fabric.
Madison looked around and stepped out of the stall, needing a mirror to properly write on herself. She tossed the bra in the trash as instructed. It was a little sad for her, she had really liked that one. "I guess a slut like me doesn't really need it," she convinced herself. She said goodbye to it and turned to face the mirror as she took the sharpie out of her pocket and began to write.
The letters she made were large, maybe five inches tall, but there was no way she could cover them up. Her shorts sat low on her hips and the hem of her shirt was high on her torso, so that despite the size of the letters, three inches of bare skin with no writing were easily visible below the letters, and another three inches above them.
"There," she said when she was finished. She pulled her shirt down, trying to stretch it to cover the writing. "Nope, can't reach," she said with a smile. She tugged her shorts up to try to cover the bottom. "Nope, not covering. I guess I don't have a choice," she said, smiling seductively at her reflection. "Now everyone can see what I am." She winked at herself again, shaking her hips, watching her little belly ring dangle between the "L" and the "U."
Just then the door opened. It was a heavyset middle-aged woman who just glared at her. The look on her face just said "what the fuck? Some people, I swear!" But the woman didn't say anything, just shook her head in disgust as she continued to the stall.
Madison, for her part, quickly covered her mouth with her hand in disbelief. "Oh my god! Oh, my god!" She thought to herself. "I can't - oh, fuck, this is humiliating! I love it!" And she quickly opened up the door and stepped back out into the store.
The clerk working the store was a young man with long hair and a mustache, and his eyes did not leave her body for a second as she walked toward the door. She smiled wide, incredibly turned on by his brazen stare. Pausing, she pretended to browse the candy aisle, letting his eyes linger on her body. "Fuck, I'm getting wet!" She thought to herself. She kept watching him out of the corner of her eye, getting more turned on by the second as he looked her up and down.
At first, she had no plans to interact with him, but the more turned on she got, the more she reconsidered her plans. She thought about buying a candy bar or something, but she really wasn't hungry. Finally, she thought to herself. "What are you going to do, take him out back and suck his dick? Ewww, not this sleazy character. I mean, it would be humiliating. And turn me on, but - eww! Besides, Dan will be pissed he had to wait for me to blow some random guy! But I have to give him a show!"
Madison thought for a minute and then turned and looked as a customer walked out of the store with his purchase. She raised her arms seductively and walked toward him. He was still not breaking his stare.
"Hi," she began. "Um - you know - you can take a picture if you want. Since you like looking so much."
The guy trembled a little as he pulled out his phone. "You're serious," he said. It was more of a statement than a question, and Madison just nodded her head and smiled as she posed for him with her arms raised above her head and a party-girl look on her face. He snapped the picture and she turned and walked out the door, exhilarated.
Madison raised her arms in the air, shaking her body, adorned with the message Dan requested she display. She was on display for everyone. She barely noticed Dan recording her as she walked toward him. Instead, her attention was on the two guys, maybe mid-twenties, looking at her from another car.
"Dude, check that out," one of them said.
"What?"
"That!" He pointed in her direction.
"Fuck, man! She says slut!"
"No shit! And that body!"
"And that tiny ass little shirt!"
"Fuck I hope that's for real!"
"Oh, damn!" One of them said as she approached Dan.
"Shit," said the other. "Lucky guy!"
The two guys weren't shy about watching as Madison approached the car.
"What took so long?" Dan asked with a laugh.
"Oh, just - you know - teasing the guy behind the counter, that's all."
Dan laughed. "I knew you couldn't help yourself! What'd you do?"
"Just asked him to take a picture since he liked looking at me so much."
"Oh, you must have had a million ideas..."
"Oh, fuck, you caught me!" She said, putting her hands over her mouth briefly. "Yeah, I thought about sucking his dick behind the building, but I figured that wouldn't be too cool."
"Yeah, wow, slow down, let's get to the hotel first!" Dan laughed.
"Honestly, I thought about just walking up to him and telling him to google Webslut Madison or something. Or asking him if he likes my little outfit. Or flashing my tits, but that would probably be on six security cameras."
"Wow. You're giving me some good ideas for tonight and tomorrow!" Madison just blushed and nodded.
"Here, go pump the gas," Dan said. "And don't be shy. Flaunt that body. Tease anyone who drives by."
Madison looked down and put her head in her hand before taking Dan's credit card and walking to the other side of the car. She swiped the card and pulled out the nozzle and stuck it in the car.
She looked around. The two guys were still standing there, ogling her. She raised her arm up, resting it on the pump. Her shirt rose up, exposing even more skin. She sighed deeply. "Fuck yes, stare at me. I'm a fucking piece of meat, just a dirty dumb slut, see?" She thought. It was immensely arousing the way they were devouring her with their eyes.
Just then, a pickup pulled up to the adjacent pump. A middle-aged man in a trucker hat and flannel shirt soon emerged from the truck, and Madison instinctively walked to the side of the pump and turned to face him and raised her arms again, pretending to fix her hair.
When he saw her, his mouth fell open and he instinctively looked away, muttering to himself. He quickly turned back, not believing his eyes.
"Hi there," Madison said shyly.
"Oh, hi," he said. His eyes were glued to her stomach, and she instantly felt her pussy moisten as he looked her over.
She was too turned on to stop herself. "You can look at me as much as you want," she informed him. "I like it."
"Wow," was all he said with a big smile.
"It turns me on," she said. She slowly circled her fingers around her nipples, ensuring they got as much attention as her bare stomach and body writing.
Madison touched the pump the way a stripper touches a pole. Higher she reached, until she slowly slid her fingers down the side of the pump. Her feet did not move and her ass protruded farther as she went. Then she stood, her back to the pump, raised her arms again, and rubbed her ass on the pump as he looked on in amazement.
All of the sudden the pump clicked and Madison went to retrieve the nozzle. Then she had an idea. Slowly she began to fuck the fill opening with the nozzle.
"In and out, in and out, mmmm, yes!" She moaned seductively. She turned around and looked at the guy. He looked like he was going to shoot a load in his pants right there. She smiled.
"Unbutton your shorts," Dan said from inside the car. He had rolled down the window and filmed the whole thing.
Madison licked her lips. "God, this feels so good," she thought. "This guy's twice my age and I'm out here prancing around half naked like a filthy little slut for him."
She obeyed her command, turning to face the guy. She slowly unbuttoned her shorts and pointed to the writing on her stomach.
"Wow," he said. "I needed that, sweetie."
Madison smiled. "I'm a slut," she said. Turning red, she turned around and walked to the passenger side of the car and got in.
Dan was all smiles as he watched the slutty girl get into the car and put it in gear. "Here," he said. "I sent you the video I just made. I want you to post it to the porn site with the others."
Madison blushed. "Just slutty little me walking around advertising myself as a slut," she said. "You have a dirty mind, Dan. I like it." She soon receiver the video and had it uploaded, posted for the world to see.
"Wow, holy shit," she said, scrolling through the site.
"What?"
"Almost fifty thousand people have watched one of my videos." Madison sat there in silence, shaking her head.
"That's - wow," said Dan, almost speechless.
"Yeah. And who knows how many people have seen me naked, seen me degrading myself online. Probably at least twice that."
"How's that make you feel? Are you okay?
"Yeah, it just - it really hit me all of the sudden how much of a slut I am."
"Yeah. I guess I've only ever known you to be a slut."
"You know what the most humiliating thing is going to be?" She asked.
"What's that?"
"Like - when the shit hits the fan with this exposure stuff - like - and my parents and everybody find out - my dad - he's going to see me wrecking my own throat, begging to be exposed, talking about selling my body for two dollars. Walking around in public teasing guys twice my age with nasty shit written on my body. Having sex with a girl. Slapping my own face until I cry and getting fucked by six guys and - and not just that, but actually wanting it. Doing it all for free. Risking my reputation and everything just to get off and - and he's going to see how much of a slut I really am, like - he thinks I'm his innocent little princess but really I'm a slut that wants to be humiliated because I like it - because I get off on it."
"Yeah, that's - I mean, you're assuming he's going to watch all the videos, which if he's a normal dad he won't even begin to want to. But yeah, if he does -"
"He's never going to look at me the same way again. Now he still sees his little princess, but he's going to see nothing but a stupid whore."
"Yeah." Dan thought about this as he pulled back onto the freeway. They still had a few minutes before they got to their destination. He looked over at Madison, sitting in the passenger seat, the word "slut" emblazoned on her midriff and her nipples poking through her shirt.
"You really look like a stupid whore in that outfit," he pointed out.
"Yeah, I know. Honestly I'm so wet right now."
"Yeah?" He asked.
"Yeah." She started rubbing her pussy through her shorts, unable to help herself. "I love dressing like this. I mean, in a perfect world I'd dress like a slut 24/7."
"Yeah. I think we should make that happen like you said in the video a while back."
"Oh, I was definitely serious about that."
"I tell you what - over Christmas break, I'll come over, we'll weed out your closet. Anything that isn't slutty - or isn't slutty enough - has to go. Or be modified in some way to look slutty."
"Yeah, that way I wake up in the morning and all my clothes are slutty and I don't have a choice."
"Exactly. I'll help you with that," he said with a smile.
"Promise?" She said, biting her finger seductively.
"Promise." She smiled at him and he reached over and placed his hand on her exposed stomach, feeling her exposed skin. She moaned softly in appreciation.
"You know what else you should do?" He asked.
"What?"
"I'm about to pass this truck. You should lift your shirt up and let him get a good look at your tits."
"Oh, don't tempt me, Dan."
"Oh I will. I dare you."
Madison didn't need much encouragement. She slowly pulled her shirt up, grinning wide as she raised it until her nipples were showing, then kept going until her breasts were on full display.
Dan drove forward until the front of the car was even with the cab of the truck. Madison looked over and flashed a big smile as she flashed her tits. She leaned forward and pressed her body against the glass, making sure she was seen.
"Oh my god," she said, laughing, when the driver finally looked over.
"You dirty, filthy slut!" Dan said.
Madison leaned back a little and removed her shirt completely, unable to stop herself. She leaned back and pointed to the word written carefully on her stomach. "I'm a slut," she said aloud, hoping the driver could read her lips.
"Hey, Dan, just hang here for a minute," she said, fearful that he was going to complete the passing maneuver. She squeezed her breasts, pinching her nipples, watching as the driver moved his eyes from the road and back to her and then back again. He smiled wide and waved. Madison giggled, embarrassed, and waved back.
Madison leaned forward again and slapped her face hard. "Mmmmm, that's it," she said aloud. It didn't matter if Dan was there. She started talking dirty to herself. "I need to let him know what I like. How to use a nasty fuck toy like me."
"Do it again," Dan commanded. Madison did not hesitate. She moved her hand back and brought it quickly across her left cheek as the driver watched her. He raised his eyebrows and she smiled. She slowly reached down to her hips and began feeling for her already unbuttoned shorts, pulling them down with her panties, all the way to her ankles. She put her feet up on the dash and slowly began to stroke her pussy.
"Ohhhhh, look at me, I'm just a dirty fucking slut!" She moaned.
"Now, no cumming, Madison," Dan ordered. "I saw how insatiable it made you in the videos. I want to see you really get dirty, but not just yet."
Deciding the fun was over for now, and nearly having reached their destination, Dan pulled ahead of the truck, leaving Madison wanting more.
"We're almost there," he said. "Might want to put your clothes back on. Or whatever you call those skimpy pieces of fabric."
Madison laughed. "You asshole," she said.
"What?"
"I thought I was going to be able to just go down the road completely exposed."
"You would like that, wouldn't you?" She just smiled.
As he suggested though, she slowly pulled her shorts back up and slowly - quite slowly, in fact, put her shirt back on. So slowly that a few cars got a good look at her as they were going down the exit ramp.
A few minutes later, they arrived at the hotel. Dan pulled into a parking space and motioned for Madison to get out. She did, following him into the lobby. The hotel was not a complete dump, but it wasn't a five-star establishment either, just one of your ordinary big chain hotels. Madison stepped into the lobby as a woman exited, shaking her head at the sight of her. Madison swallowed, embarrassed.
"Can I help you?" The woman at the desk said. She looked at Dan, then at Madison. She did a double take, then tried hard not to look at Madison at all. Madison saw it all, but couldn't tell if she felt sorry for Madison or if she was thinking to herself how nasty she was but was doing her best to keep her reaction in check, not wanting to upset a customer.
"Yeah, reservation for two nights," Dan said. "Dan Hillman." The woman kept her nose in the computer, but her breaths became short and quick and her heart was pounding. She clearly didn't want to make a spectacle or make Madison feel uncomfortable.
The man working behind the desk at the adjacent station was not as coy. He immediately noticed Madison when she had walked into the lobby - her tiny crop top leaving her whole stomach exposed and the word "slut" visible to all who saw her as she walked in shyly.
Madison's heart pounded as she watched him watching her. God, she was enjoying it! She slid a finger into her shorts near her pelvic bone as she crossed her feet as she stood. She tugged lightly on the shorts, inching them down on her left side maybe a centimeter. She turned to face the man directly, and raised her hands up, stretching out her stomach for him as she pretended to fix her hair.
The woman stole a quick glance at Madison, stunned. She swallowed and tried her best to focus. "Umm - okay - we have you on the fourth floor, room 413. Here are your key cards," she said to Dan. He thanked her and took Madison's hand. She stopped for a moment, letting the man's gaze linger a moment more, then turned and walked with Dan to the elevator.
"Wonder what sort of nasty shit they're saying about you right now," Dan commented as they neared the elevator and he pushed the button.
"Yeah, me too. I wish I could hear it!" She remarked.
"Yeah? Would that turn you on?" Madison just giggled and looked at him, then looked at the floor, looked back up and nodded.
"Slut," said Dan, reaching out and softly stroking her bare stomach. "You're a slut, says so right here."
"Mmmhmmm. A dirty filthy skanky slut," she whispered to him.
The elevator opened, and an Indian couple stepped out. The woman stared at Madison's exposed midriff, then turned to her husband and said something in a foreign language that neither Dan nor Madison could understand. When the elevator cleared, Dan and Madison stepped inside and he pressed the "4" that would take them to their room.
"Damn," she said.
"What?"
"I guess I never realized how humiliating it would be to walk around in an outfit like this with slut written on me. At least not for this long! But it's like everybody notices, everybody stares. Like - I've fantasized about it - even done it for a couple minutes - but not so many places where everybody looks at you and - and I just know they're thinking the most degrading things!"
"Of course they are. But is it really any more humiliating than - you know - everything else you've done?"
"No. Just different. More direct, like I can feel it directly from them instead of imagining it based on like - what I think they're thinking or just - how many people are watching it or something."
They stepped off the elevator and a few moments later they were in the room, where Dan placed the suitcase on a rack and Madison walked to the window and looked out.
"So, I'm almost afraid to ask this, but - what do you have planned for this weekend?" She asked.
"Well, I thought tonight you and I could go out to a nice dinner, to start the weekend off," he said.
"Sounds good to me, I'm hungry!" She said.
"Only thing is," Dan said before hesitating a moment. She looked at him, waiting for his next words. "You're going to be wearing what you have on now. Except take the panties off, and plug your ass."
"Dan! A restaurant? Like this? I mean - what kind of restaurant?"
"An Italian one," he said with a cheeky grin. "It's nice. Not like super super fancy, but - nice."
"Dan! You can't - I can't go to a nice restaurant like this!"
"You can," he said. "And you will. You agreed to do whatever I say this weekend, remember?"
"Y-Yes," she said, defeated. "But -"
"But what?"
"I don't know. Nothing."
Dan reached into the suitcase and handed her a shiny metal plug. "Then here. Put this in," he said, "and take your panties off."
Madison began to walk toward the bathroom when Dan yanked her arm and pulled her back.
"No," he said. "Out here."
Madison looked at the window. She started toward the curtains, intending to draw them closed.
"Nope," Dan said, grabbing her other arm. "No closing the curtain."
"But - fuck, what if someone sees?"
"Then you'd better hurry. It's just going to be a few seconds."
Madison sighed. She shook her head as she quickly pulled down her shorts and panties, handing her panties to Dan and taking the plug. She licked the plug, lining it up, before bending over the bed and inserting it carefully in her ass. She moaned softly as it entered her rectum, then stood and took her shorts back from the floor, sliding them up to their proper location.
"There. Now you look like a real slut," he said.
"Yeah. I feel like one, too."
"Just remember. Like you said in your videos, your purpose is to please, to give. To be a vessel for the pleasure of others. I want you to use your body to please. Understand?" He softly stroked her cheek as she swallowed her saliva. There was something about the way he spoke to her that was incredibly arousing.
Madison nodded, and Dan followed that with a quick slap across the face.
"Owww! What - what was that for?" She asked, confused.
"Because it gives me pleasure to slap you in the face," he said with a laugh. He took her in his hands, tracing his fingers up and down her exposed midriff. "Understand, slut?"
Madison nodded. He slapped her again. This time she did not bother asking why. All she knew was that giving herself like that - an object, a vessel for the pleasure of Dan - and probably lots of other men - was making her pussy drip.
"Come on, let's go," he said, and took a step toward the door. Madison took a step after him. All of the sudden, though, he turned, grabbed her chin in his left hand and gave her three hard slaps to her left cheek with his right hand.
"Ow! Ow!" Madison shrieked, surprised.
Slap! Slap! Slap! He hit her three more times, until her eyes began to water and her cheek turned bright pink.
"There," he said. "Just wanted to put some color in your cheek before we head to the car."
Madison sniffled and nodded. She felt worthless, and her pussy was getting wetter by the second thinking of people seeing her in the lobby, wondering if they would know she was just slapped in the face - and if they would know she enjoyed it.
They stepped out into the hall. She was speechless as she walked to the elevator, taking deep breaths, trying not to let her outpouring of emotion spill out into the public realm. The plug bit into her ass, exciting her. Her face stung, also exciting her.
Madison stepped off the elevator and down the hall to the lobby. The man from behind the counter was now out in the main part of the lobby, and the woman was nowhere to be seen. The instant he saw her, he froze, staring at her body, unable to control himself.
Madison couldn't control herself anymore either. As Dan walked outside, Madison walked straight at the strange man, mesmerized by the way he was staring at her - her exposed midriff, the writing on her body, her braless nipples.
"I - I'm Madison," she said, her heart pounding. "I, um -"
"Can I help you?" He finally asked, literally shaking off the trance he was in.
"I, um - no, umm - I just really like the way you look at me, that's all." She smiled and looked at him. He was speechless. She just stood there as he continued to stare.
Madison raised her hands again, giving her hips a shake. The man's eyebrows raised up and he finally managed a few words.
"I, um - I really like your outfit," he said.
"Thanks. I like wearing it," she said. "It makes me feel so dirty. I even have a plug in my ass," she admitted, her heart racing.
"Wow," was all he could manage.
"And yes," she continued, "I - I really am a slut." She smiled and grabbed his hand, touching it to her exposed midriff.
"I - I can't, sorry," he said, apparently thinking she wanted to fuck or something. "I - there's just - cameras everywhere and - I'd get fired in an instant."
"Then just look," she said as she dropped his hand. She turned around and waved goodbye as she walked out the door.
It wasn't long before Madison and Dan arrived at the restaurant. Madison stepped out of the car and even before she reached the door, it seemed like all eyes were on her. Nervously, she walked with her hands on front of her body, as if she was trying in vain to cover either her exposed stomach, the word "slut" written on it, or both.
"Now, Madison, let's be a good slut and move your arms," Dan said as they reached the door. "You're here to show everyone what you are." Madison looked at him, pleading with her eyes. "Now, move your arms," he whispered. "Or do I have to march you back to the car and slap that look right off your face?"
Madison sighed and moved her arms. She felt like such a slut, so out of place. Everyone there was wearing more conservative clothing, but there she stood, in the cool fall air, wearing a tiny shirt and shorts. And to make matters worse, she was braless and had "slut" written on her stomach for all to see.
Madison felt like a piece of meat as the hostess led them to a booth. It seemed like every man in the places watched her intently as she walked, allowing them to gaze upon her scantily clad body. The hostess, like the woman behind the counter at the hotel, had given Madison a once-over before apparently deciding not to humiliate or infuriate a paying customer, and she kept her thoughts to herself and her gaze forward as she led them to the table.
Madison sat down facing away from the entrance, and Dan took the seat opposite her. She exhaled deeply as she sat down. Looking around, there was only one table that had a good view of her. At the table was an elderly couple, a man and a woman probably in their mid-seventies. The woman had a better view of Madison than the man did, and although the man had certainly noticed as she walked past, it was the woman who let giving Madison disapproving glances as she sat eating her dinner.
"Hi," I'm Matt," someone said all of the sudden. "I'll be your server tonight." He gazed intently at Madison, barely speaking to Dan. When Madison looked up, she saw a tall, chubby young man no older than she was, perhaps as young as 19. His complexion could have used some assistance from a high-quality acne medication, and he looked like he had spent the last several years in front of a television.
"Hi," she said, smiling. "I'm Madison."
The waited brought breadsticks for the table and took their orders - pasta and meatballs for Dan, tortellini for Madison. They ordered drinks and Matt disappeared.
"Hey, Madison," Dan said with a smirk. "I want to see how far you can stick one of those breadsticks into your mouth!"
"Dan! Like I'm sucking a cock or something?"
"Exactly."
Madison squirmed at the booth, digging the plug into her ass. She desperately wanted to feel something, anything. Slowly, she picked up a breadstick and tilted her head back. She closed her eyes and slowly inserted it into her mouth.
At first it went in easily. With her eyes closed, she was not cognizant of anyone who might be watching, but she didn't care. She was a slut and she was going to act like it. Slowly, she continued to push the breadstick into her mouth. About halfway it started to meet resistance, but she kept pushing. Tears filled her eyes as she pushed it into her throat, doing her best not to gag. Before long, the entire breadstick was in her mouth, a good portion of it having been forced into her throat, making a visible bulge in her neck.
"Mmmm," she said as she pulled it out. "I'm just a little deepthroat whore," she whispered. She turned to her right to flip her hair, and that's when she saw Matt standing there, watching the whole thing in disbelief.
"Did you like my little show?" She asked, teasing him.
"Yeah, that was impressive!" Matt said, tearing himself free from a trance.
"Yeah?" Madison said. "I'm kind of a professional at that." The waiter just looked at her, his mouth open, shocked that she would make such an admission.
"Tell him," Dan interjected after a long, awkward pause.
"Tell him what?" Madison asked.
"Yeah, tell me what? Now I have to know."
"Tell him about - you know - about your little online extracurriculars."
"Dan! Right here!?"
"Yeah. I want to hear you tell him what you really are. And it's always nice to get some extra viewers, don't you think?"
"Dan, no!" She said defiantly. She turned to Matt. "Sorry, he's just being an ass," she said with a laugh.
"Okay, well - if you change your mind," Matt began, "just call me over."
"You fucking tell him," Dan said after he left earshot. "Tell him, or you'll be completely ruined. Tonight. Social media, parents, everything."
"So, um - the thing I wanted to tell you - I don't know how to really say this, but - I'm like - I'm a slut. A huge slut, and I have a bunch of nasty videos of me all over the internet."
"This isn't - you're not trying to get me to pay for that or something, are you?" He said, not trusting her completely.
"No! It's free. Seriously, all free. I'm - I'm on there as - I'm Webslut Madison, you can google me and find out all about it."
"Okay, I'm - I'll check that out sometime."
"Awesome," she said with a smile.
A few minutes later, Matt brought out food for the couple. He leaned in close to speak to Madison. "Okay. I just went and watched one of your videos on my phone. That was - that was amazing! You like - you really wanted it!"
"Definitely," she said. "I want it all. So which one did you watch?"
"You were naked, begging to be spread and passed around," he said.
"Yeah, I actually - I love it when I get spread and humiliated. Actually, the - you know - humiliation- it's why I'm wearing this outfit. Do you like it?"
"Honestly, it's the hottest thing I've ever seen in here."
"Good. Make sure you tell all your friends about me, too. I want everyone to see."
"Damn," Matt said, staring in disbelief.
"Keep going," Dan said, egging her on. "What else?"
"And - one more thing." She motioned for him to come closer so she could whisper. "I have a plug in my ass right now," she told him.
"Oh, I - um - wow," he said. He thought for a moment and motioned for her to lean in so he could whisper back.
"You're such a dirty fucking slut," he whispered.
"Good. It's so hard not to touch myself when I hear that," she said. "Hey, you um - you want a better look at me?" Madison was getting incredibly turned on. There was no way she could stop herself.
"What do you mean?"
Madison raised her right leg facing out of the booth and placed her foot on the seat. She looked around to make sure she didn't have anyone's attention, and then reached in between her legs and pulled her shorts to the side, exposing her tender, swollen pussy through the hole meant for her right leg. She watched as a bulge grew in Matt's pants, partially obscured by his apron.
"Damn. I'm definitely telling my friends!" He said with a big grin.
Madison grinned wide. "Thank you," was all she could muster.
As she ate her meal, the older man in the adjacent booth rose from his seat and made his way to the men's room, getting a good look at Madison in the process. "God, it feels so nasty to be eye candy for an old man like that," she thought to herself. Out of the corner of her eye she could see the old woman sitting there, still glaring at her occasionally.
Soon, the man returned from the restroom, pausing and eyeing Madison up and down while he was out of view of his wife. He gave her a big grin and a thumbs up, and Madison felt a jolt in her pussy. She didn't know why she was so aroused by being ogled by a man over three times he age. If she had examined herself in that moment, though, she probably would have realized that it made her feel truly, despicably slutty, and that feeling was turning her on as if she was watching another, equally slutty girl do the same thing.
As Madison and Dan are their meal, the old couple got their check. "Dear, could you pull the car up to the front?" The woman asked after the bill had been paid. The man agreed and left. Soon after the woman approached Madison, as if something had been eating at her.
"Excuse me," she said to Madison. Madison looked up at her the way a rebellious teenager might look at a parent. She didn't say anything, though, so the woman continued on, assured that she had Madison's attention.
"I couldn't help but notice your outfit," she began. "And I understand you young ladies like to think of yourselves as liberated. But I hope you realize you're - well, with your manner of dress, you've attracted quite a bit of attention in here, and it's not good attention."
"Okay, so - what makes you say it isn't good attention?" Madison asked argumentatively.
"You've put yourself on display for every man in here. And you've inscribed yourself with a word that makes them all stand at attention. You think any one of these men cares about you? No. They just want your body, and to have it and then never see you again. My husband and I have been married fifty-two years. You'll never find that sort of lasting love putting yourself out there like that."
"What if that's not what I want?" Madison asked.
The old woman scoffed. "This might sound archaic coming from me, but I have to say it anyway. In my day, ladies did not dress like that. We presented ourselves as beautiful, innocent creatures to be cherished, not as cheap, lusty vixens to be quickly devoured and then cast aside. You clearly enjoy the attention, but you should be more careful of how you go about obtaining it."
"Lady, don't you get it? She's a slut, and she likes it!" Dan interjected.
"And shame on you for encouraging this behavior! I know you're getting exactly what you want out of this arrangement, but your girlfriend is attracting quite a lot of attention. She's given my husband a wandering eye on more than one occasion tonight, and with the way she looks, it's no wonder!" She turned back to Madison. "Just think about the trouble you're causing next time you decide to come here dressed like a tramp. If you want to act that way, go stand on a corner or go to a gentleman's club! This is a fine establishment that we have been enjoying for years, and I don't like the thought of you sullying it with your tempting appearance, and I'm sure many of us would agree!" She pointed around the restaurant as if she was speaking for the establishment itself.
"He's right," Madison said. It was now she who was coming to Dan's defense. "We're not dating, either. Since you're so curious, he just likes to see me act slutty. And I am a slut, and I do like it. I have a plug up my ass and I'm naked all over the internet, and I fuck myself and humiliate myself because I - I'm such a slut I actually get off to it! And I'm in college but - but I'm going to start dressing this way every day, in school, whenever I go out - I like the attention, and I like being used and thrown away. It makes me feel like a nasty, used up fuck toy and that gets me off too! And yeah, maybe some day I'm going to regret it, but right now I don't give a shit because it feels so good!" She put emphasis on the last two words as she spoke, as if she was about to moan her way to an orgasm or something.
"So do me a favor, and go get your husband off. Because he needs it. And guess what? He's going to be fantasizing about me and my hot, young, slutty body that I love to give away!"
The old woman was speechless. She stood there, her mouth hanging open, wanting to slap the girl in front of her, but knowing better. Of course, she would never have had that thought at all had she known how much Madison craved such treatment.
Madison stood from the table and stepped out into the aisle way as the old woman began to retreat toward the door.
"See?" Madison said, pointing to her stomach. "I'm a SLUT," she practically screamed. "I'm a slut and I love it!" The woman turned to walk out the door. Turning back to the table, Madison realized her little outburst had attracted the attention of several people within earshot. She gave a half-hearted wave and sat down as quickly as she could. The plug pushed into her ass as she sat, and it was all she could do to keep from moaning.
"Are you - I'm done - if you're ready," she said to Dan.
"Yeah, sure, I -"
"I need dick, Dan. I want you to take me back to the hotel and fuck me and tell me what a nasty slut I am."
Dan just nodded, a bulge rising in his pants. Within moments, their check was paid and they were out the door - much to the delight of patrons who were able to get a good look at Madison as she walked by.
Once outside, in the darkness except for the lights above the parking lot, Madison almost immediately took off her shirt, tiny as it was. Her breasts were on full display as she walked to Dan's car. She even met out an excited "woooo" as she threw her hands in the air and let the three or four people look at her breasts uninhibited. She needed sex and she needed to feel like an exposed whore and she knew it. And she didn't bother putting it back on, even when they arrived at the hotel. Dan had his key card to gain access to the back door, and Madison made a half-assed effort to cover herself as they walked up three flights of stairs to the room.
"You fucking dirty slut," Dan said with an evil grin when the door to the hotel room closed.
"Thank you," Madison said seductively. "Did you like my little show?"
"Loved it," he said. "Now take your shorts off and go over by the window and wait." Madison shook her head, smiling, before she pulled down her pants, went to the window, ensured the curtains were completely open, and stood awaiting whatever Dan had in store for her.
A moment later, Dan approached her, completely nude, holding a suction cup dildo in his hand. It was about twelve inches long, the same length as the one Madison had deepthroated on stage not that long ago. He quickly secured it to the glass window facing out above the street and the parking lot.
"You fucking whore," he said, slapping Madison's face. "I'm going to fucking destroy you."
"Mmmmm," Madison moaned. "And how are you going to do that?"
Dan slapped her hard across the face. "Turn around and put it down your throat," he growled. "All the way. I want it to hurt."
"Mmmm, me too," she cooed.
"You're such a dirty little slut," Dan groaned as he grabbed her hair and forced her mouth over the fake penis.
"I'm the dirtiest little slut, and I want to be the dirtiest, nastiest slut on earth!" She said. And with that, Dan pushed the back of her head, forcing the dildo into her mouth until it lodged in her throat.
Dan pulled the plug out quickly as Madison moaned in delight. He soon thrust his cock deep into her ass in its place.
"There, you fucking whore! I'm going to fuck your in front of this window, where anyone can see. Do you like that, slut?"
Madison was immensely aroused. "Mmmhmmm," she moaned, her mouth full of the dildo.
"Take it you nasty cunt!"
"Mmmm!" Madison began to choke on the dildo. Dan just pushed her head harder, reaching around and slapping her face.
All of the sudden Madison looked outside and noticed a man looking up. Her breasts bounced as Dan forced her head up and down and rammed his cock in and out of her ass.
"God, I'm such a whore!" She thought to herself. "Getting fucking used like a slut, being watched by a stranger! Fuck, I'm nasty and I love it!"
Madison could not control herself. She reached up and put one hand on the glass, and with the other, she slapped her own face, wanting to give the stranger full appreciation of what she was, and how she liked it.
She closed her eyes as she beat her face. She began to cry, tears falling, before she stopped slapping her face only to start slapping her breasts.
"You nasty slut, I'm going to destroy you forever!" Dan crooned. "Want to know how?"
"Mmmhmm!"
"I'm going to take you out and show you off. I'm going to make sure your face gets fucked up so everyone can see what a little humiliated piece of shit you are! I'm going to make you tell strangers you're a Webslut. Make you write nasty shit all over. Make you flash complete strangers!"
"Mmmm, mhmmm!"
"I'm going to make you announce in public that you're just a rotten little Webslut for humiliation!"
"Mmmm!"
"I'm going to take you back to school and expose you to the whole class, until everyone knows all about you. They'll never see you as anything more than a slut! You're going to look like a whore seven days a week!"
Madison's heart was racing. She didn't know if he was serious or not, but her pussy was throbbing, and she hoped with all her heart that he was.
"I'm going to turn you into a despicable used up set of holes!" He continued. "Make sure your friends find out, and your family! You want that, don't you, being completely embarrassed and humiliated forever! You want your life and reputation ruined, don't you?"
"Mmmhmm!"
"I'm going to fucking ruin it! He pounded her ass hard, his cock growing harder and harder, about to burst forth with all its fury.
"Ohhmmm!" The stranger was still watching outside as Madison closed her eyes, fantasizing about being ruined.
"You're such a fucking whore!" Her best friend from high school, Sarah, told her. Sarah slapped her in the face. Looking around, she saw her parents looking on in disbelief.
"Please, Sarah - I need that - please, please slap me again!"
"Don't you dare cum!" Dan growled, sensing she was dreaming and unable to control herself.
Madison coughed and choked. Dan forced her head down again, back and forth. Suddenly a wad of phlegm spewed out, covering the dildo and the glass.
"Stupid fucking slut!" He almost shouted. Tears began to stream down her face as he forced her head all the way to the glass. She began to cough uncontrollably, but she was determined to take it for him. Dan was pressing her head to the window seemingly with all his might, lodging the dildo deep in her neck.
"I'm going to cum, I'm cumming, I'm cumming in your ass you fucking whore!" He groaned, releasing his grip on her head as she coughed again, backing off.
"Yes, yes, cum in me please, pleeeease!" She moaned.
Dan's harsh fucking slowed to a rhythmic thrusting and then to an occasional burst as her ass filled with cum. No sooner than he was done, Dan was grabbing her hair and forcing her to the floor.
"Suck me. Now!"
Madison sniffled, wiping tears from her face. She slowly took his cock into her mouth, swirling her tongue around it, sucking the taste of her ass from every inch.
"Good girl," Dan said finally. "Now lick your mess off the window and suck that cock. I'm going to go take a shower. You are to suck it until I get back." Madison sniffled again and nodded.
Of course, she did as she was told, and she did not cum. She knew she would get so desperate she would eventually do anything - literally anything - for an orgasm. She shuddered to think about what that might be.
"Dan," she said later as they laid in bed together.
"What?"
"You know that whole thing about ruining me - my life, my reputation, for real?"
"Yeah, what about it?"
"I - I don't know, I - I mean, I do know. I want it, Dan. I want it bad. I want to be completely fucked, and I want you to push me until there's no going back. I want the whole school to know, all my friends, even my parents. I want them to only ever see me as a stupid humiliated slut."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah - I'm absolutely sure. I want that to be my life." She smiled as she said these words.
"Good. That's what I thought," he said, smiling back. And with that, Madison closed her eyes and did her best to drift off to sleep.