I'll call myself John. I'm 40 years old, married with a family, and up until recently have led quite a respectable life in the north of England. I guess I've always had fantasies of a varying degree, but over time these have developed and I've either been lucky enough to act on them, or they've petered away and been replaced by another.
However, one fantasy that has always remained with me, and that I've never acted upon to date, is that of being dominated. Until recently I've not really known exactly what that means or entails, but I've always harbored a real desire to submit to a dominant female. To be told what to do, to be made to do things that "normal" people would find depraved, to be insulted, humiliated, made to worship the female form. This fantasy had developed over quite a number of years, but the nearest I'd got was finding some femdom websites and watching video clips. Until the day Mistress Eliza found me.
I'd joined an adults only contact website, really to try and inject a little excitement into what was otherwise a life I'm very happy with. Maybe a little flirting with a likeminded female, maybe exchanging a few pictures, who knows maybe even progressing to meeting someone. Basically I hadn't really thought it through, but saw it as a great opportunity to be a little naughty, and add a little spice to my life. If I'm honest, I did feel a bit of a shit doing this, behind my wife's back, but equally that also injected an additional thrill to it.
Since joining, I'd chatted to a few females, progressed to a few steamy chats on occasion, but never really found what I was looking for. Then, one day I logged on as normal, but on this occasion I was really excited to find an e-mail in my inbox from a girl local to me, simply titled "Looking for Slaves". Now I guess this site is similar to many others in that proportionally it's dominated by male members, and as such it was quite rare to receive a contact out of the blue from a female member. (I always imagine any female members have to wade through dozens of "how about it?" type e-mails every time they log on, before they find time to actually look for anyone they may be compatable with.
However, the website, again like many others I guess, allowed you to select various criteria you met and were looking for, to enable members to find like minded people to contact. I'd obviously selected various domination/bondage related ones, and this was how my Mistress (as she was to become) had located me. As I read her mail I found myself getting more and more excited. She introduced herself, and explained that she was a professional dominatrix looking for clients, or anyone who may want guidance in how to get into this whole area. I would obviously have to pay for her time, which I didn't have a problem with. In a way that's the best possible scenario for me, it certainly removes the risk of a complicated relationship forming that might jeopardise my very happy family life. Additionally, it quickly made me feel like I could trust this girl, in that she'd brought that to the table in her first contact, as I imagine others might leave that until I was "hooked".
Anyway, I obviously replied, a little nervous/apprehensive but buoyed by the fact that she seemed like someone I could trust. We began to exchange e-mails about what she offered, what I was looking for, and I continued to really warm to her. She was clear that this was something that really turned her on, and as a result she wanted to try and make a living from it. I on the one hand explained how I'd harbored many desires around this area for years now, and after turning 40 had decided that I was going to attempt to try it out now. Maybe it's common on hitting 40 to develop a "life's too short" approach to many things. One thing led to another, and she agreed to meet me for a coffee (at a motorway service station -- the sleaziness of that in itself a big turn on!) to help make me feel at ease.
At that meet, I was immediately blown away by how attractive I found her. I don't know why but I'd always envisaged a professional dominatrix would be very intimidating -- I'd imagined tall, big, domineering personality, quite scary. But she was the absolute opposite. She was very pretty, petite, feminine, very funny, and even in her casual outfit of jeans, boots, jacket I could see she had a great little body. She had really pretty eyes (I have a real soft spot for eyes -- being the absolute first thing I notice about a girl and love lots of eye contact in anything I do) dark hair and was genuinely very friendly and chatty. We got on well, and after about 30 seconds of meeting her I knew I was going to actually go through with this and break my "submissive virginity" with her.
I visited her about a week later (I couldn't tease myself by leaving it any longer than that) and the session was fantastic. I'll write about that in another story, as it's our second session that I particularly wanted to capture here, as it was just so close to my ultimate fantasy, I had to share it with the world. Also, I know that my Mistress, Mistress Eliza, will read it, and I hope she really enjoys it, and that it helps her realise that she has me completely as her slave to do with as she pleases.
Our Second Meet
I'd confided to My Mistress very early that I had a huge fetish for panties, and it was this that led us to arrange my second session. Basically, I had been summoned to her own house rather than the dungeon this time, with her boyfriend's consent, and if I was a good slave I may get to see her play with herself in a pair of cute panties. Additionally, if I was very good, I may even get to take them home with me as a constant reminder of my time with her. Now as any panty fetishist knows, the idea of owning a girl's panties that she's played with herself in, being able to maybe smell and taste her on them, maybe even slip them on is an incredible turn on, so I was obviously very excited as the meet approached.
I'd agreed with my boss that I was to work from home that day, to allow me to get my head down and complete some key milestones on a project we were working on. Obviously, the real reason was that at 2:30pm I'd be knocking on Mistress's door to be used as she saw fit. Throughout the day, I made sure I made a few calls in to my boss, sent plenty of e-mails so that when I "dropped off radar" for a couple of hours in the afternoon, his suspicions wouldn't be aroused. This additional deceit just added to the whole naughtiness of the situation. My excitement had been building all day, but at about 1:15pm I decided I'd down tools and begin to get ready.
The first thing I had to do was prepare Mistress's gift. A few days earlier I'd been out in my lunch hour and bought her 4 pairs of cute little panties, and a cream, lacy suspender belt. That in itself had been an incredibly exciting shopping trip, as I browsed through cute pairs of panties with various shop assistants asking if I needed help, desribing other pairs of panties they had that might suit, how suspenders made a girl feel "special", etc. One assistant even asked if they were for a special occasion like an anniversary or birthday, and I just wished I'd had the confidence to tell her the truth that they were a gift for my Mistress. Who knows, maybe next time I will, or maybe after reading this Mistress might order me to do just that, and see how humiliating I find it. I must confess that the idea of burning bright red as I admit it is an incredible turn on, not to mention how I might feel as the assistant hopefully sneaks off smirking to pass my secret on to one of her colleagues. By the time I come to pay, I imagine every member of staff knows my secret, as I stand at the till burning with embarassment. Maybe...
Anyway, since that trip, my purchases had been hidden in my car, to reduce the risk of my wife stumbling across them. So after I'd finished working, I went out and retrieved them, before taking them to my bedroom to wrap. As I took them out of the bag one pair at a time, my hands were physically shaking. I wasn't quite sure if that was due to nerves or excitement or a combination of the two, but they were definitely shaking. Each pair I took out, I instinctively held up to appreciate, my mind beginning to wander as to what Mistress would look like in them, whether she'd wear each of them for me, if she did whether I'd be able to make out her cute little pussy through the material, whether she's let me kiss and lick them whilst she had them on.
As I was doing this, and folding them neatly to wrap, my phone vibrated with a text message from her. I initially feared the worst, what if something had come up and we couldn't meet, and all the excitement of the build up was in vain? What if she'd had second thoughts, and actually wasn't now comfortable with me visiting her at her home? I'd have been gutted to say the least at that, but thankfully I needn't have worried.
"1 hour to go. Is my slut getting excited?" is what it read. My initial reaction was relief that the session was still on, followed by my cock beginning to swell at being called her slut. I was of course, but being called it explicitly like that added to the humiliation of what I was going to experience. I replied:
"Your slut is very excited Miss. Am just wrapping your present now."
A few minutes later, just as I'd finished wrapping I got a second text. If the first one had made my heart beat a little faster and made my cock begin to swell, my reaction to this one was off the scale.
"Good. Also, my friend will be here just for my protection. But don't worry, she's really nice."
Oh my god what did this mean? Would I actually meet her friend or would she just stay in another part of the house for our session? What if I did meet her? Obviously she wouldn't be involved in the session (that was too much for me to hope for), but what if I met her when I first arrived. What if I knew her? Unlikely, but possible. More realistically, what if Mistress Eliza had told her all about what I was visiting for and what I liked Mistress to do to me, and she knew my dirty little secrets as she looked me up and down when we met? Maybe sniggering to herself at how pathetic I was. What if I also bumped into her after our session, and she'd heard some of the noises we'd been making, how would I dare look her in the eye?
Despite all the above fears/thoughts, I must admit I was incredibly turned on by the idea too. As a submissive that likes the whole idea of humiliation, meeting a 3rd party who knows my secret from was quite a turn on.
"No problem. See you soon" was about all I could respond with. I half laughed when I sent it. Whilst I'd only actually met Mistress twice, she had already weighed me up pretty effectively, and I knew she'd see straight through my response. I should basically have just admitted the truth, that I found the whole idea of that such a massive turn on and to thank her profusely.
Anyway, present wrapped, I went to the shower with quite a spring in my step. My cock was obviously throbbing with excitement and I couldn't help but give it a few slow deliberate strokes as I got in.
I always keep my cock and balls fully shaved, shaving every few days, and as this was a very special occasion, I shaved in the shower in preparation for my visit. This in itself is always quite a turn on, as the process of shaving essentially means me manhandling, rubbing and squeezing my cock and balls all over as I shave. Plus it forms part of the feeling of submisiion, like I'm offering this as a gesture to my Mistress as a sign of my devotion to her. As an additional sign of that devotion today, once I'd dried off I was to surprise her by wearing a pair of panties under my regular clothes. A pair of lacy white hipster panties, very lacy and see through.
I'd not actually tried them on before now, so standing there naked in the bedroom I share with my wife, holding this tiny lacy item felt very naughty. As it did to bend down and step into them, pulling them all the way up my legs until they were snuggly on. Maybe this is a little weird, but when I buy panties to wear myself, I always buy them in too small a size, so I can feel them digging into me slightly when I have them on. And obviously, whilst I'm not massively endowed, the minute I get a little excited there's no way they can confine my cock and this always ends up sticking out of the side. All this was designed to heighten the experience of wearing panties, and it generally worked well. I looked at myself in the full length mirror in my bedroom. Whilst I always find an element of the ridiculous in a man wearing women's underwear (the thrill for me is in the wearing not the seeing myself), the overiding feel was one of submission/humiliation. That was why I was doing this, unprompted, to myself.
5 minutes later, I was dressed, in the car and inputting the address into my SatNav. Even though I'd been anticipating this for days/weeks, now that it was actually happening, I was still a little in disbelief. Up until recently when I'd started to act on this fantasy of mine, I'd had quite a respectable life. So this was still all very new, very exciting and a little frightening. As I drove the 20-25 minute journey towards her house I admit I started to get more than a little scared. Not necessarily at seeing Mistress, she was brilliant at making me completely at ease before our session, but more at the risk of what I was doing, being pushed outside my comfort zone, this added dimension of her friend being present at her house whilst I was there. All of which was adding to my pounding heart and palms that were getting a little sweaty.
Eventually it was clear from the SatNav that I was here. I pulled into a nice looking, respectable modern housing estate, and quickly located her house, number 15. Maybe it's my naivity, but I remember thinking how "normal" it looked, and wondered what the neighbours would think if they knew why I was visiting, and what I'd be doing whilst I was there. It also got me wondering as to how many other "normal" looking houses harbored secrets like this, that were inhabited by equally sexy, kinky people who were not afraid to experiment with their sexuality.
There were 2 cars on the drive, obviously hers and what I imagined to be her friend's, so I had to find somewhere else to park. After I'd done that I switched the engine off, gathered up my phone/wallet etc, took a deep breath and got out. Ridiculously, I half expected to look up and see Mistress and her friend looking out of the window for me, laughing at me as I made my way to the door. But looking up there was no sign of them as I walked up the drive. Again, another big breath and I knocked firmly on the door, and waited.
My heart pounded after I'd knocked, as I stood there, still not quite believing what I was here for. Thankfully I didn't have to wait long, as I was paranoid that maybe one of the neighbours would see me, I soon saw a silhouette arrive and open the door. It wasn't Mistress, it was the friend I'd been told about who'd let me in. Whilst I'd known she was going to be there, my initial reaction was still one of being a little embarassed, I'm sure I blushed nervously as she let me in. Here was this very cute, sexy young woman I'd never met before opening the door to me, knowing that I'm here to be treated like a slut. If I'm completely honest, I'm sure I felt my cock twitch at that moment too.
I was shown into the kitchen where Mistress greeted me and offered me a coffee. My head was so all over the place with the combination of nerves and excitement that it took me about a minute to even appreciate Mistress fully. She was dressed in a very sexy black basque that pushed her boobs up to perfectly accentuate her cleavage . It came down to just below her bottom, and she wore black stockings and suspenders, along with killer stiletto heels. As I said, this was the third time I'd met Mistress Eliza, and every time I'd been blown away by how sexually attracted I was to her. Moreover, I was desperate to fuck her, probably more than I've ever wanted to fuck anyone in my life at this minute in time, and she knew that. Of course this was off limits and would never happen, but this made her ability to tease and torment me so much more powerful.
The three of us chatted in the kitchen as we had coffee, but as the topic of conversation got round to domination, I could feel my cock again swell in my pants. The panties I was wearing (as yet undetected obviously) were beginning to cut into me as I started to get aroused. Particularly, I could feel the band of elastic my cock was squeezing out of really beginning to cut into my shaft. It was a sensation I liked.
Whilst this topic of conversation obviously aroused me, there was more to this feeling than just talking dirty. I think it was in part down to the fact that here I was actually in front of a stranger (who was introduced to me as Paula) talking about things like how I got off on being humiliated and my fetish for panties.
As we got on to my fetish for panties, I suddenly remembered my gift, and gave Mistress Eliza the present I'd brought for her, wrapped in brown paper. She told me to hold on to them until we began our session, as once opened she was going to make me wear a pair of them as a signal of my servance to her. I felt my cock jump again at that idea, but told her that I was already wearing panties for her. A smile spread across herself as she stared me straight in the eyes.
"Have you now slut? Well I think we'd better have a look at them don't you?"
My heart really started charging now. I was learning that I always have to obey Mistress, but this was in front of her friend, who up until 5 minutes ago I'd never met before. Obviously Mistress knew this would make me uncomfortable, but equally that this discomfort would really turn me on, which is probably why she made me do it. This was the kind of scenario I'd dreamt of, but never for a second imagined I'd be lucky enough to act out.
So without any more hesitation, I slowly slipped down the waistband of my shorts about an inch, showing them both the white lacy waistband and a glimpse of the panties I was wearing. I'm sure I saw Mistress smirk as she noticed my hand shaking, but she reacted exactly as I'd hoped she would.
"Hmmmm they look nice Andy, but I think we need a better look at them. Slip your shorts down so we can get a good look."
Now my hands really did begin to shake. If I took my shorts down, I knew from the sensation in my shaft that my cock would be protruding from these tiny little panties. And whilst Mistress has obviously seen and punished my cock before, there was a good chance that Paula was about to see it for the first time. I'd never dreamt that this was going to happen when Mistress had told me one of her friends would be in the house for our session, and for someone with a real perversion for exhibitionism, this was heaven.
"Yes Miss" I think I managed before slipping my thumbs in the waistband of my shorts and pulling them midway down my thighs. Sure enough when they did go down, my cock was indeed protruding from the side of the little lacy panties. I moved my hand to slip it back inside, however I was in no rush. Here were two very sexy girls eyes fixed on my cock, and that wasn't something I was going to waste.
"Mmmmm very nice. Now give us a twirl, let's have a look at the back slut."
Again, in an obedient trance I simply did as I was told to display my lace covered ass to my Mistress and her friend. This must have looked pretty amusing to them both, I'm heavily built and clearly not designed for wearing panties, but somehow that made it more exciting. The thought that inside these two gorgeous girls might be sniggering at how ridiculous I looked made it even more naughty. Mistress ran her fingers over my lace covered bottom.
"These are nice panties slave."
"Thank you Mistress" I mumbled, still a little carried away by the situation.
"By the way, Paula's said she'd like to watch our session together slave. I hope that's OK?"
I think I just stared in disbelief at what I'd just heard. Of course Mistress was just asking me for her own amusement, she knew that this was a completely pointless question for two reasons. One: As a slave I am completely obedient to my Mistress. She didn't have to ask my permission for that to happen, all she had to do was tell me. Two: Despite this being only the third time I've met her, she knows full well that the pervert inside me would jump at the chance for another person to see me being humiliated, particularly a very attractive female like Paula. This was now beginning to go beyond my wildest expectations.
"Yes Miss. That's absolutely fine." Again it was almost comical that I was visibly struggling to speak, I was so aroused. A huge smirk broke across Mistress' face. She knew full well what she'd offered me was the chance of a lifetime to a pervert like me.
"Ha ha. I'm sure it is you naughty boy" as she looked at me with a knowing smile. "Well, I think we'd better get started then hadn't we?" With that she started to walk out of the kitchen and headed towards the lounge door. As she walked I asked if I could just use her bathroom before we began.
"Of course. There's one there," she said, pointing to a downstairs door leading off the hallway, "or if you like, use the upstairs one, and you can have a little look in my panty drawer while you're up there. I know you'd like that you naughty boy."
I think I laughed out loud at that. I'd previously mentioned the fantasy of rummaging through a girl's underwear drawer in a past conversation with her, and the fact that she not only remembered but allowed me to act it out in her own home is another reason I feel so lucky to be her slave.
"Thank you" is about all I could muster, as I scurried off like a dirty little schoolboy. I've seriously considered changing career to take up a trade that would allow me to work from people's homes, just to allow me to act out this fantasy.
After very quickly using the bathroom, I walked through the open door into her bedroom. The intimacy of being there really hit me, this was the bedroom that her lucky boyfriend gets to fuck her in. On that very bed. I briefly imagined what that might be like, how they'd fuck, what they'd do to each other, how I'd love to watch them, wanking my little cock in the corner of the room. Mistress would look me in the eye gasping, panting, telling me what it was like to be fucked by a real man as he slammed into her. With a proper sized cock. Making me admit how much I wanted to fuck her. Or how much I wanted to taste her boyfriend's cock after he'd fucked her.
As I felt my cock swelling again, I came to my senses and realised that I was wasting time. I worked out quickly which was her underwear drawer and went and opened it up. I think the excitement I felt would only be appreciated by a true panty fetishist. Here I was "sneaking a peek" into my Mistress's most private place, where she keeps her most intimate items of clothing. She had some lovely panties, thongs, briefs, shorts; some lacy, some racy, some very cute and girly. I think part of the basis for my fetish isn't just the physical appearance of a pair of panties, sexy as that is. It's equally about what they represent. Here's the most private item in a woman's wardrobe, that very few people will ever get to see. Being able to look in a panty drawer for me isn't just to play around and get off with material and lace, it's being able to thumb through a girl's most intimate possessions. Today they might be sitting in my hand, but tomorrow they may be pressed snuggly against her pussy all day, maybe getting a little damp as she gets excited, maybe a little damper as she rubs herself through them, or maybe even being ripped off as her boyfriend throws her on to the bed to be fucked.
I picked several of them out and instinctively held them up to my nose and rubbed them over my face. They all smelt freshly laundered, which I like, and felt really soft and girly to the touch. Again without really thinking, I slipped my shorts down to my ankles, and slid my own panties midway down my thighs. It felt really naughty that I was completely exposed in my Mistress's bedroom, whilst the panties being round my thighs made me feel a little confined, almost like I was a little restrained. I stroked my, by now, hard cock very slowly and deliberately with one hand, whilst slowly lifting many pairs of panties up to my face. I actually licked one pair very softly in the gusset. Even though they were freshly laundered they tasted devine. I just loved the idea that soon, her pussy juices were going to be soaking into where my tongue had traced. This was probably going to be the nearest I ever got to tasting my mistress's pussy and I was loving every second of it.
I began to fantasise of running my cock over the gusset of one of her particularly cute pairs, but didn't. I didn't want to betray her confidence in me, letting me have this treat. But that didn't stop me fantasising about picking out a sexy little black thong and running the tip of my cock over the gusset, watching the trace of my pre-cum being left behind. Maybe one visit she'll allow me express permission to do that, or maybe wank myself off to completion over them. How sexy would that be, seeing the black fabric covered in my own white, sticky cum.
That then made me fantasise about something even more depraved. What if Mistress made her boyfriend do that the night before my next visit -- shoot his spunk all over one of her delicate little pairs of panties. Then, on my arrival, what if Mistress and Paula this time escorted me upstairs where I'd find the used panties on her bed. I'd be made to go pick them off the bed, bring them to her, and kneel in front of these two beautiful creatures, where she'd then instruct me to lick them clean. I'd look up at the pair of them sneering down at me, and probably offer some token mock protest, but that wouldn't fool them. They'd both know I was as desperate to do this dirty deed as they were to see it. And I know I'd love it -- being her cum licking slut.
My heart was thumping again by now, partly because of my incredible state of arousal, but also partly due to the nerves of what I was actually doing. Mistress had given me permission to do this, but she (or Paula) may come upstairs at any moment, and if she did there's no way I'd be able to disguise what I was doing. She'd punish me for sure for stroking my bare cock in her own bedroom without her express permission, and that excited me hugely. As it turned out she didn't unfortunately. Maybe next time though I might be lucky enough to be caught by the two of them, and have them laugh together at the sight before them as they walk through the door. As I stand there wanking my pathetic little cock sniffing her panties and maybe her stockings/bras.
Whilst I could genuinely have stayed there all day doing what I was doing, I came to my senses and remembered what was waiting for me downstairs. So, after one final huge inhale of the last pair I held, and one final rub of them over my face, I replaced everything and closed the drawer. It felt very humiliating coming to my senses and pulling up the little white lacy panties (trying impossibly to squeeze my rock hard dick inside them) and reaching down to my ankles to pull my shorts back up. I turned to walk out of the room, but just before leaving I had one final glance at the bed, again briefly imagining how much fun it would be to see Mistress and her boyfriend on there.
I slowly made my way back downstairs, still on a wave of sexual excitement. I'd just enjoyed one of my ultimate fantasies, to go through a cute girl's panty drawer, and yet there was much much more to come. I was still to enjoy the main reason for my visit.
I walked into the lounge, I guess a little gingerly due to the fact that they both knew exactly where I'd been and what I'd probably been doing. Mistress was sat on one couch and stood as I entered. Paula was sat on the other couch.
"Well slave, did you enjoy that? Did you enjoy running your dirty little hands over mistress's panties?"
"Oh god yes Miss. Thank you so much."
"That's OK slave. If slave is good to Mistress, Mistress is good to slave. Maybe next time, slave might get to play with some of my worn panties."
"Oh thank you Mistress, I think I'd really love that."
She smirked at me. "Yes slave, I'm sure you would."
"Now, I think it's time you undressed for us" she continued.
The excitement returned. Mistress had seen me naked before obviously when I'd visited her for my first ever domination session, however that didn't make the experience of stripping for her again any less exciting. Plus this time obviously there was another cute girl present to see me, Paula.
"Shall I strip completely Miss?" I asked as I unfastened my shorts and let them fall to the floor. She looked me up and down very deliberately.
"Actually slave no. Keep your panties on. Let me and Paula see what a girly little slut you are today, in your lacy little panties. What do you think Paula?" I looked sheepishly at Paula as she smirked,
"Yes I like the sound of that" she said.
So with that I stripped down to my panties. Obviously my state of arousal meant that there's no way the lacy fabric could contain my dick, and it poked almost comically out of the side. I noticed a little precum already beginning to stick to my leg where my cock was pressed against it. I looked between Mistress and Paula's faces sheepishly, wondering if they'd noticed too, as both of them were staring intently at my lace covered cock and balls. Of course they'd noticed.
"Well Andy. Are you going to put on a good show for our visitor today?" Mistress asked as she looked me straight in the eye.
"I'll try Mistress."
"Tell her."
I looked straight at Paula, "I'll try and put on a good show for you today Paula. If there's anything you want to see me do, please just say. I'm your slut and I'll do anything."
"Good boy" Mistress added. "But from now on you refer to her as Mistress Paula. OK slave?"
"Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress."
To be continued...