James and I have enjoyed the most sexually liberating year thanks to the involvement of my most recent lover, Mac, into our open relationship. We have been active swingers for more years than I can remember, and during this time I have enjoyed some savagely large cocks in my shaved pussy and almost all of them, in my full lipped mouth. James has had the pleasure of some delicious tight pussies and on a few memorable occasions, a very tight asshole to plunder! Sometimes we've enjoyed the pussy together, where I've put my busy little slut tongue to work on some writhing panting slut!
As you all probably know, my own big kink is exhibitionism. I adore displaying my body and sexuality at every given opportunity. I have a varied wardrobe of erotic lingerie, outrageously high heeled shoes and boots and very revealing tight dresses to add spice to my exhibitionist streak. I love to tease the guys and my husband when wearing my slut outfits, and when I wear my slut outfits I have to act the slut!
It's common knowledge that I love to dance seductively with my chosen victim and the more provocative the dance, the better. I used to pole dance, lap dance and strip tease a few years back and I put all of my overtly sexual moves to good use when I'm doing my cock-teasing.
It was whilst working as a stripper that I met James, when he asked me for a sexy lap dance at the club I was working in. I took him into a private cubicle where I did a personal, very sexy lap dance for him. I was instantly attracted to him and my dance was by no means work, but a labour of love. I loved the erotic dancing but I would get so aroused, I'd often end up in the changing room, thrusting my hairbrush into my pussy to relieve my sexual tension.
Obviously my state of arousal worked on the audience as my card was always full for personal dances, but when I was grinding my shaved pussy over some cock strained trousers, it would frustrate me immensely, feeling the hard throbbing cock pulse against my shaved wet pussylips.
It was easier to deal with if the guy wasn't hot, but the feeling of a hard cock against my naked pussy would always push my libido to its limits. If the guy was hot, then I would spend even longer grinding my bare pussylips into his crotch, feeling his throbbing cock teasing my shaved hole, quite often until I had experienced a delightful orgasm during my dance.
The performance I would put on for these guys almost always guaranteed a return dance later. This is how James pursued me. He knew I was aroused and that it was not just part of an act, the shiny wet stain on his crotch was a bit of a give away.
On his second personal dance of the night, I straddled his lap after removing my skintight dress, revealing my stockings, garters and half cup bra with no thong, which was deliberate ploy as I wanted to show my naked shaved pussy to him. I placed my pussy directly onto his hard cock with only the thin material of his trousers separating us.
Grinding my naked shaved pussy into his already hard crotch, I smiled at him and began to ride his lap. I was grinding on his lap wearing only a half cup bra with my hard nipples brushing his cheeks, with my fishnet stockings and garter belt working their magic.
James caught me off guard, as he gently ran his fingers up my outer stockinged thighs, slowly heading toward my garter straps. Touching was normally forbidden, but my state of arousal totally ignored this rule. The tingling tickling sensation of his delicate touch had me panting with lust as I drove harder into his groin. His hands stroked my garter straps gently, spreading his fingers out, almost touching my shaved pussy.
By the time his hands reached my buttocks, the soft tickling sensation had provided me with a very powerful orgasm, which I managed to disguise from the rest of the club by burying my head into James neck, treating myself to a sneaky orgasmic lick of his cologne coated neck.
My hips were thrusting into his crotch as my orgasm waned. I could feel his hard cock sliding back and forth between my pussylips, making me moan with each movement. I slowly moved my head from James neck and his full lips gently brushed mine in a very tender kiss. My tongue slithered over his as we broke from contact.
James held my naked back, stroking my flesh seductively and whispered in my ear that he wanted to meet up later. Well, he met me outside the club and shared a cab back to my flat where we spent the next 12 hours replaying our lap dance but this time fucking, sucking, licking and me trying on various stripper outfits for his, and if I'm honest, my pleasure.
That was 12 years ago and our sex life has improved and increased with such passion and intensity.
Even our wedding day had its naughty sexy moments. I gave our best man, Brian, a long lingering blowjob in the disabled toilet at our wedding reception. I'd given Brian a blowjob on a few occasions, mostly with James present and as a thank you for making sure I got home safely from my hen night, with a very slobbery mouth fuck in the back of the taxi. I swallowed his complete load that night and went inside my house to tell James of what I'd just done with the scent of Brian's cock still on my breath. James delighted in my indiscretion and gave me a seriously good fucking on the strength of it. I was standing in the disabled toilet smiling at Brian in my wedding dress and veil. Lifting my veil, I smiled at Brian and whispered.
"I'm going to suck your cock and swallow your jizz like a good unfaithful slut!"
Brian grinned as I slipped out of my wedding dress so as not to get any stains on it, ensuring I maintained eye contact, parading around the cubicle before Brian wearing a tight white satin Waspie, tied very tight, a white satin balconette bra cupping my large breasts delightfully, with shiny white stockings and white high heeled sandals completing my bridal wear. I wasn't wearing panties giving Brian his first close up view of married cunt. I leant back against the wall and let Brian play with my shaved pussy for a little bit, something he'd done on a few occasions and always quite skilfully. He smiled as he thrust two fingers inside my unfaithful cunt, bringing me to a beautiful squirting orgasm, leaving my legs quivering and my breath panting.
"You fucking dirty slut!" He smiled.
"I know! I'm insatiable!" I giggled.
Brian was sitting on the disabled toilet with his trousers around his ankles and his hard cock standing to attention. My cum had sprayed all over his cock leaving it shiny and gleaming. He stroked the greasy pole winking at me. I smiled suggestively and I knelt before him, taking the entire length into my mouth maintaining eye contact throughout and gave Brian a thank you blowjob from me and my first taste of illicit cock, only three hours into my marriage.
The taste of his musky cock lathered with my orgasmic fluid pushed my state of arousal very high. I put on a world class performance for Brian, which was James' idea as a thank you for all his help! I willingly agreed to this as I always found Brian quite hot and my wedding day, with me being the centre of attention, aroused my naughty exhibitionist streak. Brian was desperate to fuck me, but this was my wedding day and I wanted James to be the first one to enjoy my pussy, and it turns out my ass also, as I lost my anal Virginity on my wedding night.
Brian leant forward and fingered my pussy and my ass, calling me a dirty cheating slut whilst I sucked the cream out of his hard pole. For me the next best thing to enjoy sexually after exposing and displaying myself to guys, is to have them talk degradingly about me. It brings out my inner slut and never fails to arouse me. I continued sucking Brian's cock, enjoying his exploring fingers and the depraved dirty talk he was subjecting me to. As Brian snarled that he was about to come, I clamped my mouth over his bulbous bell end and began swallowing every drop of Brian's cum. Spurt after spurt of hot spicy seed slid down my throat as I hungrily licked him clean, maintaining eye contact throughout.
After releasing his flaccid cock from mouth, I stood before him with his fingers still in my shaved pussy! I put on a little show for him, rocking my hips back and forth in my bridal lingerie as he finger fucked me. Placing my hands on his shoulders, I fucked his fingers to another orgasm, leaning in to kiss him as my orgasm completed. Removing his fingers, he stood alongside me and gave me a very erotic kiss, stroking my breasts and buttocks. His semi erect cock was nestling between my shaved pussylips as we kissed passionately. His cock was sliding upward almost penetrating my cunt. I moaned softly feeling his bulbous end separate my pussylips. I desperately wanted his cock inside me but somehow controlled my sexual emotions by grabbing his cock and stroking it away from my pussy.
Brian winked at me knowingly and said
"I suppose If I can't fuck you then I'll have to help the slut bride get her dress back on?" And giggled boyishly.
I held his cock giving him a very sexy seductive kiss then stepped back into my dress.
Placing my arms in the air, my breasts spilled out of my bra as Brian slid the dress up my body slowly, carefully returning my breasts inside my bra and zipped me into my bridal gown. He gazed at me as I tidied my hair and make up, ready to return to my wedding reception. We both left the toilet sneakily, giggling like school kids, as we returned to James inside the reception. James extended his hand to Brian as they thanked each other, then both guys gave me a nice peck on the cheek and both had a sneaky feel of my breasts.
"Was it as good as her hen night blowjob?" James smiled.
"Fuck yeah! Your slut wife let me finger her pussy and ass as she swallowed my load!" Brian smirked.
Good girl!" James smiled proudly "So will you tell me what happened on your hen night with the strippers this evening?"
"James baby, why don't you, Brian and a bottle of champagne join me in the bridal suite where I'll tell you both all about it!" I smiled teasingly.
James grabbed a bottle of champagne from the bar with three flute glasses and headed for the hotel lift. We all piled into the lift and as the doors closed, both guys took turns in kissing me with a lot of tongue while the other would play with my breasts. I squirmed away, loving the attention as both guys lusted after me.
The door opened on our floor and James opened the door of the Bridal suite. Not breaking with tradition, James scooped me off the floor and began to carry me over the threshold. I don't think it's tradition though for the best man to be fingering the pussy and ass of the bride as she is carried over the threshold, but it felt so good that maybe it should be a new tradition.
James placed my feet on the floor and held my face close to his as he kissed me tenderly. His right hand began to undo my wedding dress, which slid down my body and gathered at my feet.
My bridal lingerie was on full view now as both guys gave a wolf whistle of approval. As James kissed me, Brian began to unhook my bra, releasing my ample breasts. My breasts, pussy and ass, were totally revealed to my audience.
Brian stood behind me as I was sandwiched between the two guys. His hands began to fondle my ass and knead my buttocks. I felt Brian's hard cock sliding between my ass cheeks as he rubbed it around my asshole and my smooth pussy. I gyrated for Brian's pleasure, feeling his cock rub against my asshole then slide forward as his cock slid into my pussy lips. His cock was opening my pussy lips as I continued to gyrate. I arched my back slightly, feeling Brian's cock slip further between my wet pussy lips. I was bending over, spreading my ass cheeks with my hands, exposing my asshole to Brian and feeling his hot cock begin to slide inside my hot hungry pussy, when suddenly, James picked me up, moving me onto the bed, placing me gently on my back. Opening my legs wide, I revealed my shaved opening to the guys as James unzipped his cock. I smiled at both guys as I stroked my naked slit, holding my cunt wide open, showing both guys the tight pink hole available to them. James was holding his very hard cock as he knelt between my splayed legs and plunged his cock deep inside my drenched pussy. I moaned out loudly "Oh fuck!" My orgasm was instant as James thrust manfully pushing his cock deep inside me. Moving my stockinged legs around his waist, I returned his thrusts and softly moaned.
"Fuck me guys! Use me like a slut and do whatever you want to me!"
James kept thrusting into me and looked straight into my eyes and he said in a direct tone.
"Suck Brian's cock while I consummate our marriage!"
I turned my head toward Brian's cock who had now joined us on the bed. Brian placed the head of his cock between my open lips as I ran my tongue on the underside of his shaft. Closing my lips around his cock, I began to suck like a high paid porno star. Closing my eyes I began to enjoy the sensation of a hard cock in my mouth and a hard cock fucking my pussy.
I heard James spit on his hand and felt him wipe the warm fluid on my stretched asshole.
My heartbeat quickened at the thought of being fucked up the ass for the first time.
The thought of this was driving me crazy with lust and I almost stopped sucking Brian's cock to beg James to fuck my ass. With my eyes closed, I was sucking lavishly on Brian's cock, when I felt the first stinging inch of James cock begin to stretch my virgin asshole.
Involuntarily I began to meet his gentle thrusts as the intense heat and stretching pleasure overtook my being. I took Brian's cock out of my mouth, holding the shaft with my left hand, my wedding ring on full display, stroking his cock, as I began to relax and enjoy my first anal fuck.
The stinging pain had subsided now, replaced with a burning sexual desire. This was naughty. This was filthy. And I fucking loved it.
Taking Brains cock back in mouth I sucked for all I was worth. Brian smiled down at me as I made eye contact sucking his hard cock. He looked across at James pounding my ass and said.
"Would you object if I fucked her pussy while you take her ass?"
"Brian old mate that is a unique idea!" James laughed "We'll DP the bride!"
Brian lay down beside me as James withdrew his cock from my now gaping asshole. I leant in to kiss Brian as I moved my stockinged right leg over his waist and straddled his cock. Feeling the hot tip of his cock at my shaved opening, I kissed him sexily, holding the base of his cock as I guided his length inside me for the first time. Brian's big cock felt awesome stretching my newly married pussy. I began to fuck Brian, enjoying his manly thrusts, totally forgetting my husband was there and that this was our wedding night. I leant forward as Brian played with my erect nipples and kissed him deeply. Breaking from our kiss I felt my orgasm approaching and began to ride Brian's cock.
"Fuck me Brian! Give me your seed!" I panted "Oh James this cock feels so good!"
Brian pulled my head back down to his and kissed me passionately. As my orgasm began to kick in I felt the most glorious sexual sensation I'd ever experienced, as James slid his cock inside my well lubricated ass. Pushing his length slowly into my puckered ring, stretching my sphincter to accommodate his pulsating length! The fullness of two cocks fucking me sent my orgasm into overdrive. I was uncontrollable thrashing my hips against the two cocks. I was yelling all kinds of obscenities at the guys.
"Fuck my ass! Give me your cock! Spunk up me! I'm your slut!"
The guys continued plowing both of my tight holes as my orgasm gushed out of my pussy, soaking Brian's cock again. I arched my back and turned my head to kiss James as he fucked my ass relentlessly. My lips brushed his as our tongues swirled around each other. Brian was twisting my nipples gently as I rode both cocks. James whispered through gritted teeth that he was almost coming. Brian responded in the same manner.
"Spunk inside my holes!" I demanded as another orgasm began to rise.
The three of us rode each other in perfect unison as I felt the hot spurts of seed splash the inner walls of my pussy and ass. Both cocks unloading at almost exactly the same time. This was too much for me to handle as my orgasm flooded through, gushing once again on Brian's cock! Both cocks pulsed and throbbed as they emptied their entire loads deep inside me. I caught my reflection in the full length mirror opposite. My sexy bridal lingerie clad body gyrating sexually, sandwiched between two sexy men with large, but now deflating cocks. I leant forward facing Brian who gave me a soft nibbling kiss.
"You're a lucky fucker James!" He said "This is one very special dirty slut you have.She has a tremendously tight pussy and is an awesome fuck!" Brian smiled as I nibbled his ears and neck.
"One day I may just let you try out this unbelievably tight ass of hers!" James retorted with a raucous laugh.
I giggled at the banter and felt a strange sense of arousal at the possibility of being fucked in the ass by Brian!
As I continued licking and nibbling Brian's neck in post orgasmic delight, I felt both cocks slip out of my stretched fucked holes as the creamy come deluged out of me with the depleting cocks. We all giggled at the craziness of the situation. James climbed off me as I moved my body off Brian, kissing him as we parted. I lay next to Brian, with my legs wide open, feeling the cool air waft over my burning hot pussy and ass. Brian leant over me and kissed me deeply as he stroked my nipples. I raised my legs up high and wide to give both guys a view of my cream pied holes. My shaved pussy and gaping ass, spewing out the sexual loads of both guys. James stared at the erotic sight, running his finger up and down my slit then pushed two fingers easily inside my spunk lubricated ass. Brian not to be outdone, placed two fingers inside my spunk drenched pussy! forcing his fingers to the front wall of my pussy as he firmly stimulated my Gspot. Squelching the digits in and out of my holes, both guys decided one more orgasm was a just reward for their dirty slut, which I willingly accepted. Thrashing about on the skilful fingers my orgasm began and I was most vocal.
"Oh fuck yeah! Make this slut come and DP me again with those hard cocks!"
The guys held an ankle each, forcing my legs wide as they finger fucked both holes, smiling at each other, proud of their work. Their fingers worked their magic on my pussy and ass, as a powerful orgasm burst through me. Brian hooked his fingers up toward my Gspot as a fountain of female ejaculation gushed from my pussy.
My breasts heaved as I panted through my orgasm.
"Oh yeah! Oh Fuck!"
As my orgasm depleted, I smiled contentedly at the guys and said
"Shall I tell you guys about the hen night? I giggled.
"Fucking hell yes!" James laughed.
"Well you guys keep fingering me, and I'll reveal all! You can both rub your cocks and suck my tits while you finger me!" I smiled seductively as both guys continued fingering me and leaned in to suck my aching nipples. I lay back and been my tale.
The girls had booked a couple of male strippers for my entertainment and pleasure at the hotel room we had booked. There were eight girls including me and two very hot male strippers. One stripper was a black guy with what looked like a fucking huge cock and the other stripper was an Italian looking guy with a smoking hot body. His cock didn't look as big as the black guys, but it was impressive in it's own right.
They placed me on a chair and began to dance for me, peeling their tight leather look clothes off their toned bodies. When they were both down to what can only be described as posing pouches, it was my job to remove the pouches with my teeth. I did this, but not as they expected.
I licked the front of their pouches slowly and could smell the muskiness of their hard cocks. I gently bit the leather pouches and glided them over their cocks. Both cocks sprung forward and all of the girls cheered. I held both cocks and took turns in licking the entire lengths. The Italian guy's cock was Olive coloured with soft smooth skin. His cock was about eight inches long erect, which it had now become as my hand stroked it. The Black strippers cock was a sight to behold. His cock was ebony with pulsing veins the full length of his shaft, which was at least ten inches long with a very impressive girth to it. The weight of his cock was very heavy and sending my imagination wild at what this thing could do to me. The thought of this cock impaling me was somewhat terrifying and alarmingly arousing.
Both guys picked me up from the chair, allowing me to stand in my outrageously high heels.
Rubbing their manly hands all over my skin-tight black minidress, they craftily slid the dress over my head, revealing my suspender tights, naked shaved pussy and bra less firm tits. I stood before the guys smiling sexily waiting to be seduced. The guys took a large breast each and began massaging my huge tits, rubbing my nipples between their fingers and thumbs. Their other hands went straight to my shaved pussy where they both slid a digit inside me, and with rapid speed they fingered me to orgasm. My tits and pussy were being lavished with attention from the two naked stripper hunks, when it all became too much and I collapsed back onto the chair in a panting orgasm with my stockinged legs splayed wide open.
The black stripper knelt between my legs, holding his huge cock at my slit, he smiled rather cheekily as my eyes opened wide watching as he slid his huge pole effortlessly inside my pussy. It was absolutely fucking huge, stretching me like never before. He slowly pushed the full length inside me until I could comfortably accommodate him. I raised my stockinged legs around his waist and watched his huge black pole slide in and out of my tight unfaithful shaved pussy, stretching my pussy lips around his wide black shaft as it slid in and out of me glistening with pussy juice.
He looked down at me as he slammed his enormous cock into me and said.
"Nice tight pussy white bitch!"
I squirmed with delight at his words replying.
"Fuck this white slut with your huge black cock!"
I was riding my first black cock and feeling sensations I never knew existed. His cock reached deeper inside me than any cock has ever been. My cervix was being banged by his huge black bell end and was opening ready to accept his black seed. I came on his heavy cock as he kissed me with his thick black lips. His coarse hairy balls were tickling my stretched pussy as he fucked me slowly. I was in a state of sexual euphoria when he withdrew his magnificent black length. My cum was glistening on his ebony shaft, as my eyes drank in the vision of pure sexuality. He stood looking down between my legs at the pussy he had just stretched. His cock was thrusting forward with his huge meaty balls hanging down. He was quite the sexual specimen. He grinned at me looking down at my heaving, panting breasts and my just fucked gaping pussy, quite proud of his work. The Italian knelt between my legs and slid his beautiful olive skinned cock deep inside me. My pussy was still tight enough to enjoy this beautiful cock. I wrapped my legs around his back as he slowly fucked me playing with my huge tits. I kissed the Italian holding his face as he fucked me wildly. He leant upward to look at his cock sliding in and out of me. The black stripper placed his huge cock on my vacant lips as I took his length inside my mouth, sucking the black meat like a cheap slut. The black stripper moaned loudly as I slobbered on his cock.
"That's it slut! Suck my black cock!"
I moaned with sexual delight at his words and actions, feeling another orgasm begin.
The Italian fucking me slid a finger up my ass just as my orgasm peaked. I was fucking his cock wildly, as he fingered my ass deliciously. Both guys announced that they were almost coming and that's when Pauline and Nicki took over.
Pauline took the black stripper over to the sofa and Nicki took the Italian over to the bed. I looked on at the action, sitting in my chair with my legs wide open, panting softly from orgasmic pleasure, gently stroking my clit and labia. Both girls removed their dresses to reveal they were both wearing hold up stockings, high heels and nothing else.
Pauline straddled the black guy and slid down on his cock until the full length was inside her. She was squealing with delight, riding the black cock. Nicki opened her legs wide and the Italian guy slid right inside her. Nicki held his face and kissed him wildly, tongues wriggling in and out of each other's mouths like mating snakes.
I went over and licked the black guys balls as he fucked Pauline, sliding my tongue gently toward his asshole and gave him a quick rimming. Running my tongue down his shaft, I licked the stretched labia of Pauline's pussy as the black stripper stretched her like she'd never been stretched before. I went over to the bed and did the same to the Italian. Nicki's labia wasn't as stretched as Pauline's but her pussy and the Italian cock tasted delicious.
The other girls all stripped off, some of them totally naked and some of them keeping their stockings and underwear on. Pauline placed the black guy on the floor and straddled his cock, while Shelly spread her pussy over his face. Nicki had turned the Italian guy on his back and was fucking him cowgirl while Anna was rubbing her cunt all over his beautiful Italian face.
Me and the other girls began softly kissing and fingering each other until they could get a go on the cocks or faces of our strippers. All of the girls were panting and coming. The guys didn't know what had hit them.
Pauline said that as I was the bride I should be the one who tasted the guys cum when they spunked up. The guys were almost coming when they made their way over to me. I stretched out on the bed holding my pussy wide open for the guys to enjoy my pink bits.
Both guys slid their cocks inside me for a few thrusts then replaced their cocks with their fingers and began to finger fuck me, just as you two are doing, one fingering my pussy and the other fingering my ass. They then knelt with their cocks at my cheeks and unleashed an enormous amount of spunk all over my cheeks and some inside my mouth. I could taste the other girls pussies on the guys cocks as they emptied their loads over me. All the girls cheered as I licked the. Huge cocks clean. The girls pounced on the strippers and for the next hour both strippers were sucked back to hardness and casually fucked every girl in the room at least once. Nicki and Pauline got DP'd by both guys as a farewell present. Some of the girls took photos on their iPhones and I know the strippers telephone numbers were exchanged with a few of them.
To complete the evenings entertainment, both guys slipped their cocks inside me once more, giving me the awesome feeling of being fucked wildly in front of an audience. Both strippers took turns in fucking me with their big cocks in a variety of positions, one would fuck my pussy and the other would have my lips wrapped around his cock, spit roasting me relentlessly.
The girls took photos and short videos of the event. The Black stripper fucked me vigorously, stretching my cunt and pounding my pussy. I came once more as the black cock slammed into me from behind as the Italian guy face fucked my panting mouth.
I begged both guys to come on my face and in my mouth. Kneeling before two glorious cocks, I placed my lips alternatively over the bell ends of both cocks until it was spunking time and finished both guys off in my mouth, collecting both guys loads, showing my mouth filled with spunk for the girls cameras.
I took one large gulp and swallowed the mixture of spunk To the approving cheers of the girls. The scent of the room was now heavily drenched in spunk and pussy juice by the time the guys left.
Once the guys left, all of the girls licked the come off my cheeks and swallowed the guys deposits. We all spent the next hour drunkenly fingering and licking each other, using some of the sex toys the girls had brought along.
Filthy sluts everyone of them!
We finally left the room and headed to a club, where I bumped into Brian, who looked after me by plying me with more alcohol and dancing with me sexily, playing with my big tits and fingering me on the dance floor, and also in the booth where we sat later kissing and fondling.
He then took me home in a taxi, where I sucked his cock to oblivion in full view of the taxi driver, who I gave a little treat to by pulling my dress over my butt and showed my shaved pussy and puckered ring to him, slipping my index finger in and out of my ass whilst I swallowed Brian's load like the dirty slut that I am!
"Fucking hell James, we may have to have a bachelorette party with those sluts!" Brian laughed.
"We don't need them. We've got the best fucking slut on the planet right here!" James smiled.
I came ferociously as the guys expertly took me to an orgasmic heaven and as my orgasm began to wane they slowly removed their fingers and gently stroked my panting, quivering, post orgasmic body.
"What I've just done with you guys I'd quite like to do with those strippers if you want to book them one night!" I giggled.
James kissed me gently and lovingly. Smiling at me with an immensely proud look on his face he whispered.
"Shall we dress you and return to the wedding, then you and I can come back here in an hour and make love slowly?"
"What about the champagne?" I giggled
"I'll put it on ice and we can use the ice cubes when we come back!" He winked.
Brian went to the bathroom to freshen up. Coming out of the bathroom he gave James a pat on the arm and then gave me a long lingering kiss with his hand on my right breast, said his goodbyes then left the bridal suite. James helped me into my wedding dress, zipping the back of the corset style bridal gown as I retouched my hair and make up. He looked at me lovingly and whispered.
"I'm so glad I married a total slut and not some uptight bitch!"
I kissed him deeply and held him tight.
"I love you James!" I smiled as we left the bridal suite to continue with our wedding celebrations.