Scanning the tree tops from his yard, Jason's powerful binoculars gleaned every leaf and tree branch for the telltale flash of yellow and white of his "prey". The prey was of course fall warblers as Jason was a hardcore birder (aka "bird watcher", but he preferred to use the modern 'birder' term as it implied a degree of seriousness and the devoted nature of his hobby/addiction). He had already amassed an impressive yard bird list, but he was eager to add more after the storm front that had passed overnight during the peak of fall migration. However, not much seemed to be present this morning, but Jason still reveled in fact that this was Day 1 of his weeklong 'staycation' and he desperately needed the R&R break.
Jason relaxed into his lounge chair, and couldn't decide between a nap, the unfinished novel on the table, or continuing to scan with his binoculars for avian wonders. He compromised by saying he would complete one last scan and take a break from birding. "Whoa!" he quietly said with his best Keanu Reeves impersonation. Jason had inadvertently scanned over towards his neighbour's yard. There on their deck was his neighbour on her back on a deck chair, topless while wearing a skimpy red bikini bottoms. Her large 42DD breasts glistened with a hint of sun lotion, and her large areola and nipples puckered by a cool breeze. Jason gulped ("My kind of birding!" he thought). Wearing a large sunhat and designer sunglasses it was hard to tell if she was asleep or not. Jason had always taken the high road while using binoculars whilst birding in suburban areas, and never used them to snoop or invade privacy. However, this was different. His wife and kids were away his weekend, and he'd always held a secret lustful crush on his neighbour. They'd flirted at friendly BBQ's, area garage sales, or when meeting at school to pick up each of their kids. Julia was always dressed to the nines, with big hair, and manicured nails. She was the epitome of the curvy MILF, and Julia seemed to enjoy making men rubberneck as she walked by.
As she lay on her back, Julia stirred in her apparent slumber and arched her back skyward, making her luscious tits even larger. Jason's cock stirred in his pants at the sight. Now awake, she reached to sip her fruity cocktail with full lips wrapping around a striped straw. She removed her hat, letting her full brunette curls unfold, and she teased her hair, shaking her head to get the kinks out of her neck which made her ample breasts shake slightly. Jason reached down to squeeze his own now very hard cock under his confining clothes. ("Why oh why did Julia's husband leave her alone so much to go on business trips? I'd never leave the bedroom if she was my wife!" Jason chuckled to himself.). Julia reached to her side and used the lever to put the chair in full recline mode. Standing up, she rearranged the cushions bending over straight towards Jason, giving him a wonderful binocular eyeful of her sexy round ass in her tiny bikini. Jason thought, "She doesn't know I'm here, does she?...nah, she can't possibly see me!" Julia then laid down again, this time on her stomach. She raised both feet up, playfully scissor kicking her pointed toes to the sky as the fabric of her bikini rode up the crack of her ass. Jason pulled out his member and slowly began to stroke himself as he fought to keep the binoculars steady with one hand by resting his elbow on the chair.
Jason's eyes popped out of his head as next Julia reached down and with both hands shimmied out of her bottoms. Naked to the wind, Julia tits jiggled affording him a delicious side view of them. Reaching behind, she began to rub one of her ass cheeks as if massaging a deep knot, but then she gave Jason more reason to drool. Rising to her knees, buns up, a deft manicured talon ran over the crack of her own ass, disappearing into the folds. Jason really needed to get closer as he was finding it harder to see more details of her ass and the secret triangle he so wanted to have. He crept quickly and quietly along the hedgerow and the fence and soon was in a perfect position behind her as she continued to play with herself. When he again raised his binoculars, he was given a true sight to behold. In the time it had taken Jason to reposition himself, Julia had managed to pull out a large pink dildo and she was fucking herself with it! Jason's cock oozed precum at the sight of her moisture coating the dildo.
"So are you going to keep on pretending to look at birds, or are you going to come up here and give me a hand?!" Jason froze, his heart racing at being caught red-handed. "I had a feeling you knew I was here, bad girl! Is the front door open?"
"No, but you are strong, and if you really want this (Julia spread her wet pink pussy lips with her fingers), then I think you can figure out how to climb the deck!"
Jason slipped his hardon back into his pants (he didn't want to risk getting a sliver in his boy!), and sized up the frame of the deck for his best angle of attack. He chose to do a couple of parkour-like leaps along the support beams and managed to just barely reach the outer edge of the deck floor with outstretched fingers. As he pulled himself up, Julia giggled "Well hello Spiderman! I honestly thought you were just going to use the ladder that you walked past!"
Jason was thirsty after the effort, so he grabbed her drink and downed it in one big gulp. The alcohol burned his throat, but steadied his nerves too. With newfound confidence and extreme horniness, Jason grabbed Julia's legs and pushed her back on her knees. Bending down, he made Julia gasp as his hot mouth found her hot pussy from behind, engulfing her all at once. Mouthing her pussy like he was eating a peach half, Julia moaned loudly as his lips sucked hard on her already swollen clit. "Oh my GOD! What are you doing?! No one has ever eaten me like that! Don't you fucking stop you bastard! Eat me! Fuck me with your tongue!" Reaching back, she grabbed his head with her long nails and pulled him in even harder, pressing his face up against her. Jason groped at her ample ass, squeezing her cheeks. He then sucked down hard on her clit and then slapped her hard, making her yelp with pain and pleasure. "Yesssss!" was all she could manage to murmur. After a couple of minutes of sucking her like a parched castaway, he could feel her orgasm building as she started to quiver in her legs and he saw her back muscles tighten. "I want to cum on your cock! Fuck me now as I'm about to cum!"
Flinging off his pants and boxers, Jason rose up behind her pushing her head down into the cushions. She loved the way he took control, the way he grabbed her hair. She reached between her legs to feel his steel, and guided him into her waiting, pulsing pussy. With a mighty thrust, Jason plunged all of his thick 7" to the hilt. He paused, causing her to instinctively milk him with her Kegels. In a low growl, Julia whisper "Fuck me Jason. Fuck me hard! Make me cum on your cock now!" Needing no further coaxing, Jason began to fuck her like a madman. Jason spat on his own middle finger and began to massage her tight puckered asshole. Soon he had the finger in her ass, and smiled feeling his own cock through the thin membrane of skin between her ass and pussy. Julia began to moan, and was swearing up a storm and then was incoherent as she began to buck and scream "'murpppphum...I'M CUMMMMMMINNNNNGGGG!!" At the sight of her passionate release, Jason could stand it no longer and with pulled out just in time to spray her back with a huge hot load. Jason collapsed on top of her, his heart bursting at the exertion and their mutual sweat mixing as he held her tight.
After a couple of minutes, Julia reached behind her and cupped his face in her hand. "So tell me, would you rather be looking at chickadees, or go for Round 2?!"