When Marietta got to work, she decided to do something she had not done before. She decided to masturbate in the parking lot to relieve herself. She could not continue being this overwhelmingly horny all day. Being a waitress, she had to focus on her customers.
She decided to remove her panties sitting in the parking lot. They were a wet mess and not serving any purpose but to make her uncomfortable. Sitting in her car, she slid down her pants and opened her legs to get comfortable. She licked her fingers and vigorously masturbated in public to get herself off quickly. There was not foot traffic in the employee parking area so she could pleasure herself without much worry of getting caught. Her wet sopping juices and female arousal filled her car. Ever so slightly her car rocked as her hand became a blur pleasuring herself. Rewarded with a satisfying orgasm, she was able to start her day. She had never done this in public before and she found the situation a little bit exciting. She considered doing this again.
After she freshened up in the car, she decided to go commando. She is used to this and today would be no exception. Focusing on her work, nothing was out of the ordinary during her work day. She had little time to think of Sonya until it was time for her lunch break. She decided to call her friend. The phone didn't ring. She decided to spam her friend's phone with back to back calls; no answer.
The same feeling of dread that washed over her early this morning set in once again. Being the resourceful woman she was, Marietta was able to time her bathroom break to walk in a few moments after her boss did. Sticking her finger down her throat, she gagged causing a vomit reflex to fake being sick. The tricked worked. Marietta had to go see her friend!
20 minutes later, she was running up the stairs to Sonya's apartment. She found Sonya laying on the floor. A familiar but sweet smell lingered in the air the closer she got to her unconscious friend. Marietta was relieved to see Sonya's bare naked chest moving up and down slowly. Slowly, she approached Sonya. She could hear her moaning in her sleep. She sounded like she was pleasuring herself. The bright lights illuminating Sonya's naked body that Sonya had turned on earlier confirmed Marietta's assumptions.
Sonya was masturbating in her sleep! Her fingers idly playing in her pussy as she oozed arousal down her leg and onto the very damp floor. The carpet had ceased to soak up any more of her juices and wet puddle had begun to form. Marietta ignored the urge to wake Sonya. Instead her lust took over. Marietta grabbed her phone.
Marietta knew something was wrong with her friend mentally. She knew Sonya needed to get checked out. But her own body was betraying her mind right now. She needed these pictures to get off to later. Nothing else mattered at that moment. Her best friend had the body of a goddess and she was pleasuring herself in her sleep! Marietta had never seen or heard of anyone masturbating like this in her sleep. The amount of fluids that had oozed out of Sonya was impressed to say the least. Snapping away, Marietta got Sonya from all angles imaginable with many closeups of her nipples, face, and pussy. She even recorded a video as the sleeping woman played in her pussy. She even considered putting the videos on the internet for others to enjoy.
Satisfied with her footage, she decided to do the right thing and wake Sonya. Before she did that, she decided to take off all her clothes. While Sonya was a perfect 12 on the 10 scale, Marietta's assessment of her own looks put her at a 7. She was plump but not thick. Beautiful but not drop dead sexy. Just your average woman with average features and proportions. She has the skill to satisfy a man but no man was able to win her heart. Unashamed of her body, she had nonchalantly stripped.
At this moment, she recalled an incident between her and Sonya last year. They had a few drinks and Marietta was feeling more comfortable than usual. She had already taken off her shirt and often would walk around in just her bra at Sonya's apartment. While Sonya had no comment, she didn't oppose. That one time, she decided to get all the way nude.
Unfortunately, Sonya did have a negative reaction. That moment was not a good experience for the both of them. Old Sonya ran and closed the door so she wouldn't see Sonya's flesh. Yelling through the door, she asked her friend to leave. They didn't talk for a few days after that nor spoke of the incident since. Marietta remembered crying herself to sleep that night.
This moment was different. Sonya was indeed suffering from some sort of sex driven episode. Marietta decided to use this opportunity to support her friend. Sonya is usually modest and was deeply embarrassed to be seen naked by her friend this morning. Marietta reasoned that Sonya would be deeply mortified to find out she was caught masturbating in her sleep passed out on the floor in her own juices. Nudity was the answer if Marietta was going to help her friend keep her wits. Taking a deep breath, naked Marietta gently shook Sonya awake. Sonya slowing coming out of her slumber opened her eyes. Well aware of what she was doing prior to her orgasm seizure, she froze.
Sonya was laying on the floor. Her hand still in her pussy. She was still naked. Her hips were soaking wet...and now her best friend was butt naked touching her on the shoulder. Sonya's eyes grew massively wide. She breathed in deeply wanting to scream. The sudden shock of being caught naked masturbating and then her friend naked next to her was so much to take in. Marietta gently but quickly pulled Sonya's head to hers. Their lips almost met. Marietta has used this tactic in the past during Sonya's darkest moments. For some reason, the close proximity of their faces calmed Sonya in times of crisis.
As their foreheads touched, Marietta said "I know you are scared and embarrassed. I know something is wrong, but we will figure this out. You are horrified that you are found naked once again after fainting. I know all of these things are going through your mind because I know you! But I'm asking to stop reacting and take a deep breath! There is no judgment! Just us! Yes, I am butt naked right now. I will do anything you want me to do right now. If I need to leave or get dressed or whatever, I'm here for you!"
Sonya exhaled deeply, her body trembling with sadness. Marietta has been here multiple times before. She knew that feeling when her best friend was beginning to cry. Sonya did not know what was happening to her. She just let it all out and cried on Marietta's naked shoulder.
Some time had passed and the naked women continued to embrace each other on the floor in Sonya's sweet smelling juices. Sonya was the first one to speak. She told her friend about what happened this morning. She told her what was happening to her body when she touched clothes. She even opened up and told her how much she enjoyed her orgasm that caused her to pass out naked on the floor.
Marietta decided she would take the advantage of such a unique situation.