"Are you doing it from both ends?"
My cough threatened to send the London Fog I was currently drinking firing across the room. I quickly recovered, flushing a deep red. "I'm sorry? What?"
"That row?" my knitting buddy, Holly, replied. "Are you binding off at both ends?"
"Oh!" I quickly recovered, breathing a sigh of relief. "Yes. Knitting. That. Um...yes."
Holly, ever the fiber arts aficionado, began steering the conversation in the direction of how best to account for arm holes in a sweater project. For the life of me, I couldn't follow along at all. I was technically here, at our usual crafts and coffee date, but every part of my focus was still gripped tight by what happened at the club last night.
* * *
After our adventures in the glory hole, Allisen and Jack led my husband, Scott, and I, into one of the private rooms. My head was still spinning from a combination of the thrill of what we'd done, and the orgasm Allisen had given me. It took a minute for me to get my bearings once we were in the room.
The small room was much less ostentatious, and much more utilitarian than the other sex club facilities we'd seen. No elaborate club lighting. No porn blaring on the TV. Just a large bed, a nightstand with a basket of condoms and lube, and a pleasant blue glow. The only other feature was the window looking into the hallway, currently closed by a curtain.
Scott entered close behind me, closing the door as he walked in. The almost overwhelming atmosphere of the club died down, leaving the four of us in our little cocoon of intimacy.
Jack hadn't been fully undressed in the glory hole room, but that quickly changed. With an agility that surprised me, given the extra weight of her pregnancy, Allisen had pounced on her husband, covering him with kisses and practically ripping his shirt off.
"I need you, babe," she gasped, in between pecks to his neck and shoulders.
"You've got me," he replied with a smirk, lifting his shirt up and over his head. In front of him, Allisen sank down to her knees, taking his pants down with her. His cock sprung free for just a brief second before it disappeared into her mouth. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw my husband and my clothes hit the floor with a soft thump. His weight pressed behind me, and I felt the heat of his nude body on mine.
"This is going to be completely unsurprising, but I also need my spouse," he whispered in my ear, before kissing along my neck.
"What?" I chuckled, before a gasp snuck out of me. "Ah! I'm taken completely by surprise by that."
His hand traveled down along my stomach before reaching my still-soaked lips. "Fuck, that's hot. You're so wet."
"You wouldn't believe how much it turned me on to watch her suck your cock," I moaned.
"I don't know. I think it's pretty self-evident," he dipped a finger inside me, and my body shuddered. It was partially pleasant, and partially too much.
"Mmm...I really want that, but I need a minute to recover."
"Cool," he replied, his hand moving to squeeze my butt. "We can just enjoy the show."
"It's a good show!" I replied.
In front of us, Allisen was taking Jack's cock as deep as it could go down her throat. His hand was clenched in her hair, his mouth open in a silent moan. After a few seconds of this, she pulled back, gasping for air. Her hand was slick with her own spit as she stroked him.
Jack bit his hand and groaned in pleasure. "Mmm...you're so fucking good, Allisen."
"You can be loud here, my love," she said, smiling. "You should probably get it out now while we have the chance." She gave a cheeky kiss to the head of his cock before taking him into her once more.
"Fuck, yes!" he bellowed. "Just like that, babe."
I turned to face Scott and smiled at him. "Seems like she's really good at that."
"I mean...I certainly enjoyed myself," he replied.
My hand traveled down and began gently stroking his cock, traces of her saliva still lingering on it. "I can tell!" I laughed. A small bead of pre-cum still clung to his tip. I scooped it up with my index finger and popped it into my mouth, winking at my husband as I did so.
Meanwhile, Allisen had climbed onto the bed. Her stunningly gorgeous pussy glistened between her spread legs, a bit of pink peeking out between brown lips. She spread herself open with her fingers, her eyes burning into her husband.
"Fuck me, Jack."
He obliged, stepping forward and kneeling on the bed above her. Scott and I both stopped and stared at the beautiful sight of that long, thin cock sinking into her folds. Allisen let out a long, satisfied moan as he sank deeper into his wife.
"That's my boy," she sighed. "That's what I need. Fuck, I love you, Jack."
"I love you so much, Allisen," he grunted as he began thrusting his hips.
Any of the awkwardness of watching someone have sex right in front of me had disappeared. In the moment, it felt beautiful, watching this couple express their love. I was fully aware it wasn't for everyone, but, to me, this whole scenario was just so affirming. Feeling Scott pressed close behind me, holding me tight as we watched, enraptured, as these two focused on each other's pleasure, was a strangely heartwarming moment. It was so easy to get caught up in negativity and pessimism in my day-to-day life, but here was a space that was overflowing with love.
Also, it made me really fucking horny. Which, to be fair, was also a pressing concern.
"Hey," I uttered, giving an awkward little wave. "Mind if we, you know, join you guys? I think kissing and whatnot would be fun." Ten out of ten dirty talk.
"Get over here, you two," Allisen moaned.
Scott and I made our way over to the bed, climbing up on either side of her. My hand ran along her arm, shaking with excitement at the touch. My nerves were still an issue, but any hesitation was taken out of the equation as I felt her run her hand through my hair, pulling me in for a kiss. My hand caressed her cheek as our tongues danced together, occasionally punctuated by a moan of pleasure from the attention Jack was giving her. The world seemed to blur as my other hand roamed down her neck and across her chest. We fell into each other for a while, full of need as I maneuvered my body to lay down beside her.
I broke the kiss and started making my way down, raking my tongue across her neck toward her collarbone. I looked up, seeing her turn and start to kiss Scott with the same sort of passion she gave me. A flood of excitement filled me as I watched the love of my life sharing this level of intimacy with the beautiful woman beside me. We were still fairly new to the notion of compersion, but whatever it was, this was it.
My mouth continued its path lower and lower, occasionally jostled by the movement of Allisen's body as Jack thrust into her. She let out a whimper of need as I traced my tongue along her nipple. With what seemed to be great effort, she stopped making out with my husband.
"Love it. Also: very sensitive."
"That's what makes it so much fun," I teased, surprising myself at my boldness as I gently raked her nipple with my teeth.
A shudder went through her. "You. Are...so much fun, Marie," she gasped, before pulling Scott back in for another kiss. Her hand searched around, before finding his cock. She started lightly stroking it. "I know you just came, so no pressure. I just want to...mmm..." Jack must have hit a particularly nice spot, interrupting his wife's train of thought completely.
"Go for it," Scott told her, running her fingers through her hair. "I'm here for you to have fun with."
"It's just such a pretty cock," she replied, biting her lip.
The two of them continued to make out. My face flushed with need as I watched them. Between the sight of them, the fun of taking her nipple into my mouth, and the scent and sounds of Jack fucking her, my need for Allisen was reaching its peak.
I needed more.
* * *
Back in the present day, what I needed more of was....something? My memory-fueled reverie was broken by the sudden need for the use of my logistics brain. I shook my head, trying to clear it of the intrusive arousal fog as I stepped away from the bus stop and headed toward the grocery store parking lot.
Because that's where I was. Because life just went on. It was so weird. I was still me. There was some part of me that wasn't expecting that particular side of things. Maybe it was just because, well, I'm a nerd. When you're sheltered and autistic like I am, you have to build up a lot of plans for how social situations are going to go. Usually that meant learning from media. And you never see what happens after the life-changing events. They don't linger on, like, "Did the events that led to Sephiroth's downfall ever come up when Cloud Strife took his annual visit to the dermatologist?"
So we did this thing. This incredible, beautiful thing. And now it just...sat there, in my brain. Like having a bunch of fireworks just sitting on my nightstand. What do I do with it? Just move on? They have cards at the grocery store. Is there a card for "Thanks for the life-changing sex?" Probably not. What's the etiquette, there?
Rice. It was rice. We needed rice.
The sun beamed down at me as I got closer to the QFC. I didn't want to go to QFC. QFC was the medium expensive grocery store. But we needed rice to make dinner and the bus route somehow went in a zig-zag that meant getting to the Asian market took forty-five minutes even though it was only two miles away and I have a deadline to make and I definitely can't walk there and back after all the physical activity I got up to last night and... This. This was what my life was today.
But that's fine. I managed to get off of the mental track of remembering last night. Now I was free and clear to do a mental kitchen inventory to see if we need anything else from the store. I reached into my jacket pocket, pulled out my N-95 mask, and strapped it on to my face.
Oh. I must have...I guess I put this on last night, As we made our way out of the busy club. And definitely before I'd had the chance to wash my face. After looking around, I closed my eyes, and took a deep breath in through my nose.
It still smelled like her.
* * *
My need to touch and be touched had come roaring back after seeing Allisen making out with Scott while stroking his cock. I knew that it would mean interrupting everyone's fun,but hopefully they wouldn't mind. And even if they did, that'd be fine. I just had to take my shot. How many more chances would there be?
"Um...everyone. Hello!" I said, still incredibly seductive. "Can we pause for just a second?"
"What's up, Marie?" Jack asked.
"Oh!" Scott said, somewhat startled. "Should I have checked in before telling her she could..." he gestured down at his partially hard-again cock. "Sorry, I just don't know...this is all new."
"No, no," I said. "That's good. That's..." I bit my lip. "That's so good." I turned to Allisen. "You're right. It is a really pretty cock. I was just wondering if it was okay if I..." They were all looking at me, waiting. Understandably, but it was a lot.
"IwantedtoknowifIcouldtasteyou." I stammered out, covering my face with my hands and rocking back and forth. The nerves were winning.
"What was that, dear?" Allisen asked me, softly touching my arm. "I didn't quite understand."
I took a deep breath. "I wanted..." Good, my voice was operating at a normal speed. "...to...go down on you. With my mouth." That part was probably redundant. "I know you were in the middle of-"
Allisen cut me off by pulling me in for another, deep kiss. "Do it, Marie. Let me feel your mouth on me."
I nodded to her, completely in her thrall. "Mmm-hmm." I looked up at Scott. "Is that okay?"
"More than okay," he replied. "I love you."
"I'm not going to complain about watching two incredibly hot women have sex," Jack added, slowly withdrawing from his wife. The erotic sight of his cock slick with her made a shiver run through me.
"Okay, good. Good," I said, my voice quivering as I made my way lower down the bed. Allisen scooted up, lifting herself up on her elbows to watch me. Her beautiful cunt was flushed with heat and need in front of me as I positioned myself on my hands and knees before her. My heart pounded in my chest as I took a deep breath, before looking up at the nude goddess. "I've never done this before, so..."
"I see how much you need it, Marie. That need will take you far," she cooed. "Now be a good girl and make me cum."
My body did an involuntary little happy dance that I hoped wouldn't ruin the mood too much. Once that was over, I lowered my face to Allisen's cunt. I only knew what to do by way of my own wants and erotica, but right now my body was just telling me to devour her.
I dove between her folds, lapping at her entrance. Instantly, the musky aroma of her desire and the taste of her arousal on my tongue made my brain fall out. I dipped into her cunt before licking my way up her lips, teasing her clit. Her moans of response and hands on the back of my head made me feel more powerfully erotic than I ever had before. Spreading her lips with my fingers, I continued to lick across the length of her, never quite coming into contact with her button. All thoughts had been replaced by my need for more of her, more of the intoxicating flavor of her arousal.
My tongue made the briefest of grazes along her clit, and Allisen gave a tiny little moan of need. Such a small sound coming out of this woman who loomed so large in my regard made me feel overcome with pride. I wanted to give her everything. I wanted to hear all of her sounds.
"Please," she whimpered. I had no choice but to obey.
With long, deliberate strokes, I ran my tongue along her clit. My own pussy was on fire as I basked in the response from her. The feel of her writhing beneath me, the pull of her fingers in my hair. I looked up, and our eyes met. Seeing the desire in her moved me to press further. I began lightly sucking on her most sensitive area as I covered her bud in licks and kisses.
She threw her head back, letting out a long "Yes!" I glanced over. She still had Scott's cock in her hand, and it was fully hard now. He looked down at me with a mixture of pride and desire.
My tongue made its way further down, and I began exploring her entrance with my fingers. Slowly, I slipped one into her cunt, feeling the warmth and wetness coating my digit as I gently massaged the inner walls of her pussy. This was met with an even deeper moan of need from Allisen. "Like that, Marie. Ah! I want you inside me."
I began to get into a steady rhythm, sucking her clit for a brief moment, before letting go and running my tongue through her folds. All the while, I continued to fuck my queen with my fingers, occasionally removing them so I could taste the overflowing juices that had collected on them.
"Mmmph," I moaned, my body aching with need as I went down on another woman for the first time.
"Good girl, Marie. That's it..." Allisen gasped. "Just like that. Ah, fuck, you're so good."
I looked up at her, hoping to communicate the hunger I felt for her. As I did, I saw both of our boys standing to the side, stroking their cocks as they took in the sight of us. Knowing how much they wanted us only added to the desire I felt in that moment. Jack, in particular, seemed to catch my gaze.
"I think it might be my turn to make a request," he said.
"Anything," his wife moaned.
"Well, this one's for Marie. I was hoping I could...return the favor, so to speak. Do to you what you're doing to Allisen."
"Uh-huh," I moaned, nodding enthusiastically. The whole situation was making me desperate to be touched, and I wanted to know how the lanky stud that first started this whole journey was in bed.
"Scott?" Jack asked my husband. "Is that cool with you?"
"Show her a good time, man," Scott replied.
Thinking logistically, I was suddenly hyper aware of exactly how much my butt was in the air at that moment. "So, should I move down? I'm not sure exactly how the angle should work for you."
"Well, actually, I was thinking that I could kind of...slide under you?"
"Of course," Allisen laughed, with a loving smile at her husband.
"Of course what?" I asked.
"Jack loves it when I sit on his face, but we haven't been able to do that for while for, you know..." she gestured down at her pregnant belly. "Reasons."
"I'm a simple man," Jack chuckled.
"By all means," I replied, spreading my knees apart as best I could. Jack walked around me, the bed shifting with his weight. After a few seconds, I looked down to see him lying, face-up, between my legs. He gave a cutely bashful smirk.
"Hi."
"Hi! I replied. It would have been comical if not for the ache in my cunt at the feel of his breath on my lips. "So do I just kinda...lower myself down?"
"Just a little bit," he said. I did so, turning my gaze back to the beautiful man stroking his cock and the incredible woman with her legs apart in front of me. I wanted to put on a good show for them. I wanted to please them. I wanted everything they could give me.
"Oh, fuck." I exclaimed as I felt Jack start to run his tongue along my slit. "Oh, I needed that. Fuck, yes, Jack."
Scott bit his thumb with a smile while looking at me. "That's...you're so hot, Marie? You're so hot."
"Glad you like it, love," I said through gasps. The rough feeling of Jack's beard as it grazed my pussy tingled and made me yearn for me. But I couldn't simply focus on being eaten out. I had a job to do. I lowered my face to Allisen, doing my best to focus while the dam of my lust was under direct assault from her husband. I took her clit into my mouth once again, and began once more using my finger inside her.
"That's it, Marie. Right there," she moaned. "Yes...fuck. Eat me out while my husband licks you. Good girl, Marie."
"Mmmph," I replied, groaning as I was swept away in pleasure once again. I wanted to be good for her.
"More?" she moaned, half a plea, half a command. She lifted herself up on her elbows once more. "Since...ah!" I'd inserted another finger into her needy cunt. She continued. "Since Jack was so open and vulnerable with his needs. I want you to know, I need more. I love to be filled. To be pushed to my limit. Can you do that?"
"Like...this?" I said, putting a third finger inside her, teasingly. I dipped down for a moment, lightly grazing her clit with my tongue. She gave a little squeak before falling back onto the bed.
"More..." she said, in a jokingly pleading way. We were speaking the same language now. I put in one more finger.
"That's definitely what you meant, right?" I lied.
"More," she said. No jokes now. Just breathy hunger.
I pulled my fingers out of her.  She didn't need to say anything to express how close she was. Flush with arousal and dripping with need, her cunt said everything, drawing me in with Allisen's need for release.
"Ah!" my body quivered as Jack began sucking on my clit. But I was a woman of purpose. "Anything for you, Allisen."
I brought my fingers and thumb together, and slowly began penetrating her. Allisen groaned, a primal expression of lust, as her cunt stretched around my fingers. Inch by inch, I slowly and carefully pushed my fingers into her, feeling her wetness soak my hand. She whimpered with need, her hand on the back of my hand, urging me forward. When the widest part of my hand was at her precipice, I looked up at her. Her face could not be further from the calm, confident visage she wore when we met. This version of Allison, above all else, needed what I could give her. Needed to cum. She nodded at me, and I pushed my hand forward, getting past the knuckles and feeling her heat and need envelop me.
"Fuck! Yes. Please. Yes. Fuck! Marie...thank you." She was a babbling mess now. My heart filled with joy that I could give her this. At the same time, Jack's attention to my cunt was spreading a warm glow of pleasure throughout my body. I could have stayed like this forever. But I knew Allison was on the brink of exploding.
Gently at first, I started licking her again. Her body quivered and shook as words that weren't words tumbled out of her.
"Oh, fuck, Marie. Oh, fuck. Please. Please make me cum."
I took her clit into my mouth, basking in her taste as I started rhythmically stroking her with my tongue. Her fingers ran wild through my hair as her breath came faster and faster. Our movements were in sync as I rocked my hips, feeling Jack lapping at my folds.
"Right there! Right there!" she choked out. Suddenly, her back arched. The sudden motion caught me off guard, but no force on this earth could make me stop. Her cry of pleasure reverberated through the small room as her walls started pulsing around my fingers, clutching at me through her climax. Her grip tightened. Her voice choked in her throat. My tongue stopped as I gently sucked her clit. The world seemed to stop as pleasure washed over her.
Slowly, gently, she returned to earth. I felt her cunt relax, releasing my hand from its grip. I slowly drew my fingers out of her. Somewhere, I could hear Jack and Scott complimenting the effort. Saying how hot it was. I knew I didn't need to say anything. Allison knew how much I needed her, and her body told me exactly how much she appreciated my work.
"Fuck!" she said, finally, fanning her face with her hand. "I'm still...floating a bit."
I gave a few light kisses on her inner thighs. "Take all the time you need."
She gave a little laugh. Her hand reached down to caress my cheek. "Thank you, Marie. You..." she sighed and fell back on to the bed. "You're a natural."
My face reddened even more than it already was. "Thanks," I replied, sheepishly.
"Do you want me to keep going?" Jack asked.
"Please, yes. That was so hot. I'm just...ridiculously turned on right now."
He started lightly licking my pussy again, as I gently swayed on his face. It was gentle and slow, which was just what I needed after the intensity of Allisen's orgasm.
Scott walked over and knelt on the bed beside me. "You're so fucking good, Marie," he smiled. "I can't believe I get to be married to you." Reaching down, he kissed me. I felt so safe with him there. Like I could do anything.
At that notion, an idea occurred to me. Something more...wanton than I was expecting. Once it did, though, the thought wouldn't leave my mind, even with Jack's oral efforts pulling my attention.
I looked up, past the exhausted Marie, up to the curtain-adored window above the bed. I had one more idea.
* * *
A jostle of the bus brought me back once more to the present. It was rush hour in Seattle. Standing room only on the bus as everyone fought to get home. All the while, I was wrestling with the bag of groceries I clutched closely to my body. The contrast in the amount of assurance and control I'd felt last night and my discombobulated self today was astounding.
Life pressed in on me from all sides now. Physically and emotionally. Groceries had been more than I'd wanted to spend. Now we were pushing dangerously close to the edge of our budget with another week and a half before payday. I had a review due of a game that I had no strong feelings about one way or another. That's if I even had a job by next week, with all the media company layoffs floating around lately. Barely holding on is an uncomfortable feeling at the best of times. Barely holding on to a pittance of a wage was even worse.
It didn't help that, as a plus-size person, being in a space this crowded was always kind of a nightmare. People always gave off the vibe that I was in their way, but somehow refuse to acknowledge me at the same. So I was always getting knocked around and getting the stink eye, as though I'm the one who's in control of how packed the buses are. It didn't make me feel especially good in my body. Plus, with money being what it is this week, I wouldn't be able to get more of the red dye for my hair, so my roots would start coming in and I'd look like a scraggly mess.
I knew that the club was just that, a club. An oasis. It was designed to let you leave your troubles at the door. So that wasn't a sustainable feeling to chase. It was more than that, though. I...liked Allisen and Jack. They were fun to be around. Even outside the sex. Scott and I got along great with them. They seemed to like us. They seemed to like me. And I was...good at being around them. Most of the time, I didn't feel like I was good at being around people at all. Or good at my job. Or good at most things. But last night, with them. I'd known what to do, and I did it well.
That was there, though. This was what my life actually was, though. It made me feel worse, somehow. Like the version of me last night was a lie.
The hydraulics of the bus gave a loud hiss as we came to a stop at Mercer Island. People started to disembark, and I did my best to make myself smaller and press myself against the side of the vehicle.
"'Scuse me," someone said. Not that it was much of a warning, as their large canvas bag swung into my body, knocking me sideways.
Not that anyone would, but the stranger probably would have been perplexed if they'd stopped to check on me. Despite getting bumped into the side of the bus, my face wore a huge smile. When I'd been hit, I'd put my hands out to catch myself, stopping just short of the window.
Smell is a powerful sense memory, but touch isn't such a bad reminder, either. At the feeling of the cold glass beneath my palms, suddenly I was miles away from the rush hour bustle, and back to the previous night.
* * *
My hands were on the glass there, too. I turned to look at my three lovers, standing behind me.
"We can do something else, if you're not sure," Jack suggested.
I shook my head. "Look, we've all been open about our little sexual faves and fantasies tonight. So I feel super comfortable saying that this is what I want."
"Not to give the game away, but that is Marie's magic button," Scott said. I stuck my tongue out at him.
"You're too cute, Marie," Allisen smiled at me. She was laying on her side next to me on the bed, currently, having exhausted her supply of spoons when it came to keeping her legs up. Scott was positioned behind her. He was fully hard again, and was currently unwrapping a condom.
"That's kind of the point," I said to Allisen. "I want you to see, you know, all of me. You've seen cute me. You've seen...I mean, I don't know if I'm a sub or what, but you've seen the version of me that will just do...whatever you want. Now...I want this."
I turned back to face the window that was directly in front of me. I was on all fours, facing directly outward. As soon as I pulled back the curtain, anyone in the club passing by could see...everything. My hand shook as I reached for the cloth fabric.
"I want to be your slut."
The rings of the curtain jangled as I quickly pulled it aside. It was done. As per the club guidelines, now anyone who passed by was free to watch. My heart pounded in my chest. Nobody was in the hallway just yet. But they could be. At any moment.
I could feel myself getting wet at the notion. Just like I knew I would.
I turned toward Allisen and Scott. "You two should get started. Our thing is going to take some logistics."
Scott looked down at her, his hand resting on her leg. "Are you ready?"
Allisen looked up at him and smiled. "I've wanted to take you for a spin from the first moment I saw you two." She adjusted her leg before reaching back and spreading herself with her fingers. Scott looked at me and smiled. I smiled back. He straddled her lower leg, positioned himself behind her, and lined his cock up. I bit my lip in excitement as I watched my man thrust forward into her. Both of their faces contorted with pleasure, and, as he pulled back for the next thrust, I saw the condom was slick with Allisen's arousal.
"Fuck," I said. "I'm excited about my thing, but if we do this again I want a front row seat to that show."
Both of them gave a laugh mixed with pleasure.
"You're so pretty, Scott. I love watching you," I told him. Time to focus up. I turned to Jack, who was positioned behind me, awaiting my command.
"Do we need to get you ready?" he asked.
"As long as you go slow, I should be okay," I replied. "Like Scott so rudely spilled the beans about..." I threw a mock-annoyed glance at my husband before turning back. "...this is something I ask for with some frequency."
"Alright. You set the pace, let me know how I need to be," Jack said, before seeming to think of something. "Actually, hold on just a second."
The bed shifted as he climbed off, then came around to stand next to me. My hands were glued to the glass, afraid that if I moved I would chicken out. But I turned my head to look at him. "What's up?" I asked.
In response, he leaned down and kissed me. I felt my knees go all wobbly as he lightly brushed my lip with his tongue. A goofy little laugh came unbidden to the surface. "What was that for?" I asked.
He gazed into my eyes. "I've just been wanting to do that since that first night. We weren't, like, touching yet. So I didn't want to make you uncomfortable. But I wanted to. Just so you know."
I grinned ear to ear, then gave a dismissive little wave of my hand. Complements come so naturally to me. "Oh, okay, then."
"Plus, you looked hot with cum on your tits," he shrugged, before starting to move back behind me.
I gave a little laugh. "Sweet talker."
My gaze returned to the hallway out the window in front of me. A couple in their mid forties walked by, seemingly coming from the pool. They gazed in for a bit, smiled appreciatively, then continued walking. My heart skipped a beat knowing they'd seen me naked, but I wanted to put on an even better show.
"Ready?" Jack asked.
"Do it, Jack," I replied, bracing myself against the window. I focused on the hallway in front of me, trying to block out all other sensation as I relaxed as much as possible. The expected but still-novel feeling of something touching my backdoor gave me the slightest jolt. "Fuck my ass."
He started to push forward, gently. I shifted myself slightly to get the right angle as the head of his cock started to spread me open. To think, doing this at all used to make me think I was Mrs. Superkink. But here I was, feeling a man's cock slide into my asshole while my husband fucked another woman on the same bed. My soaked pussy ached with the thrill of it all. I closed my eyes to concentrate on getting Jack inside me.
"Unmf, fuck, Jack. Yes," I groaned.
"That is so fucking hot," I heard Scott say.
"Want me to keep going?" Jack asked.
I nodded. "Yep. Still slow, but yes."
He pushed forward a bit more, and, all at once, I felt my ass give way to the head of his cock. That feeling of pressure and fullness radiated through me. "Oh fuck!" I growled. "Keep going."
Jack pushed forward, driving more of himself into my ass. My joints shook, threatening to make me fall over with the sensation of it all. All the while, my pussy thrummed at the sensation. Every second felt like hours as I felt him fill me more and more. Finally, I felt him come to a rest, his hips meeting mine.
"All the way in now," he said. "How are you doing, Marie?"
I let out a deep breath I didn't know I'd been holding. "It's good. It's...a lot. But it's good." I tried to relax and focus on the sensation, and was rewarded. "It's really fucking good."
Slowly, I opened my eyes for the first time in what felt like hours.
Instantly, my face turned beet red, and I had to fight the instinct to dive for cover. At least four people, currently, were standing in the hallway. Their eyes were full of excitement. Some were touching themselves. Some were touching each other. All were looking right at me. At me, Marie, on all fours, with a cock that wasn't my husband's, buried deep in my ass. My breath caught in my throat, my hand clutched the glass, and arousal flooded my entire body. It was happening. It was really happening.
I swallowed, trying to get my voice to work again. "Start going, Jack," I told him. "Go slow, but, start fucking me."
"Yes ma'am," he said, before slowly pulling his cock back, and, with a gentle deliberateness, thrusting it forward again. "Fuck, that's so good. Your ass feels incredible, Marie."
For my part, I was unable to respond in words. Every thrust seemed to hit me in the back of the throat, and little moans and whimpers came out, the sound and volume completely out of my control. All I could do was stare forward. One couple was stroking each other while watching me. A man in his early fifties touched himself with a look of lust in his eyes. Another woman, the receptionist I'd met earlier in the night, leaned against the opposite wall and gently kneaded her breasts while staring at me. I needed them to know exactly what a slut I was.
"Yes, fuck, yes!" I groaned, loud enough that those outside could hear. "Fuck me, Jack. Fuck my ass!"
"Oh, fuck," my lover grunted, behind me. "That ass is so fucking tight."
"Do it," I gasped. "I love the way your cock feels in my asshole."
"Holy shit," Allisen said, next to us. I turned my head to look at them. Scott was still fucking her, a look of pride in his eyes as he watched me. Her hand was between her legs, working her clit as she stared at the two of us. "Fuck, you both are so good," she said, between moans. "Fuck her, Jack. Fuck our little slut."
An overwhelming amount of indescribable feelings flooded me. Not at the slut part, but at the "our." I wanted it. I wanted to be Scott's and Jack's and Allisen's. What we were doing brought me so much joy and pleasure, and I knew they felt the same. Right now, I wanted to send my husband over the edge.
"There's people, Scott. They're watching me. They're seeing your wife getting fucked," I gasped and grunted as Jack picked up the pace, driving his cock into me harder and harder.
"Oh, fuck, Marie," Scott was close now. I knew him better than anyone. He was about to lose control completely.
"Am I being a good little slut for you, sir? Letting all these people see me getting fucked? Do you like seeing Jack...ah!" my head dropped for a moment as the pleasure overwhelmed me. "Seeing Jack fuck your wife's ass?"
"Fuck, Marie!" his face flushed red, and his thrusting into Allisen became more erratic. "You're so good. You're so...fucking...mmmph!" Scott fell forward, catching himself on the bed. "Ah! Ah, fuck!" He looked so hot when he came, and I could feel myself growing more and more aroused knowing he was also cumming for Allisen.
"Thank you, sir," I said, turning my attention back to our audience. "Thank you for cumming for me."
"Fuck, I'm not far behind," Jack grunted.
On the other side of the glass, the couple had moved on from just touching each other. The woman, like me, was bent over with her hands on the glass. I looked her in the eyes as her partner fucked her from behind. She stared at me with a lustful expression, and I licked my lips in response. Our little foursome was plenty for me tonight, but who knew what the future could bring.
"Fuck me, Jack. Fucking cum in my ass!" I said, louder and dirtier than I would ever be if there weren't people watching.
I felt movement on the bed beside me, but my gaze stayed locked to the scene out the window. Hands explored my body. Mouths kissed me all over. It felt like a spotlight beamed down on me, as the people in the room started coaxing out my pleasure as those outside watched, rapt.
Someone made contact with my cunt, and it took everything I had not to explode right then. Fingers entered me. Whose, I didn't know, but they no doubt could feel Jack's cock thrusting into me through the thin wall between my holes.
"You've been such a good girl, Marie," Scott whispered, sending shivers through me.
"Let us take care of you, darling," Allisen added to my left. The lightest touch, her touch, I now knew, began caressing my aching clit.
It was all too much. I'd been building up for far too long, and, suddenly, everything went white. I felt my forehead press against the glass as I tried to stay upright. The pleasure washed over me, enhanced by the fullness in my ass. My legs stiffened and shook, and my hands started involuntarily pounding against the window and grabbing wildly for something to hold on to. Some part of me was aware enough to hear Jack let out an animalistic groan, his cock twitching as he filled the condom in my ass. After wave after wave crashed down on me, the room gradually faded back into my consciousness.
I became aware that several hands were helping to hold me upright. I felt Jack's cock slip out of my ass, and they began slowly lowering me down onto the bed. I could hear the curtain being drawn shut once more, and felt bodies pressing in next to mine. It felt warm and safe and soft.
"Holy...heh...fuck..." I let out, eventually. I could feel the lightest of kisses on my body, coaxing me back to the world. My eyes opened, and my heart melted at the sight of three beautiful people, staring down at me with affection.
"That was...incredible," Jack said, seeming to also be trying to come down from the high of our orgasm.
"Thank you for inviting us into your lives," Allisen added, with a warm smile and peck on my shoulder.
"You're perfect, Marie," Scott said, beaming down at me with love and tenderly caressing me.
I wriggled my body, basking in the feeling of them pressed against me. "This. This is perfect."
* * *
The apartment was dark, save for the harsh sunbeam streaming in through the edges of the blackout curtains. Muffled sounds of neighbors talking and kids playing outside filtered in. Scott was working, as usual. The entire place felt too still. The groceries hit the counter with an echoing thunk as I sat them down, before dragging myself over to the couch.
For a while, I simply lay there, staring at the ceiling. After a brief break to go and put the groceries away so the frozen items wouldn't thaw, I resumed what I guess was technically brooding, even if it was during the day time.
Why did this have to be separate?
Because of...societal concerns? What family would think? Because it might go wrong? So what if some asshole thinks I'm going to ruin my marriage. I'd never felt closer with Scott than I did sleeping next to him after we got home last night. It felt like us, but...more. Our families weren't really a part of our lives, and, even if they did disapprove...what was new about that. Nobody wanted me to be a writer. Scott's family didn't want him to leave his hometown. What's one more thing they didn't like? And maybe it would go wrong. That was true about everything. That was true about crossing the street.
Maybe I just didn't think I'd earned the right to have good things.
Moving to the city changed me in different ways than I expected. You hear about how it's depersonalizing. How you become a small fish in a big ocean. It wasn't like that, though. I felt, more than ever, how connected I was to everyone. Neighbors, colleagues, friends. We were all just trying to get through the day. Like on the bus. We're all just trying to get home.
Maybe the things I wanted were weird, by some people's standards. Maybe they didn't fit the template of how a life is supposed to go. But that template was made for different times. The Earth is getting hotter, companies can make billions in profit and still fire you, nobody can afford...anything anymore. It's a different world. I didn't feel like I fit in it most of the time.
But love...I was good at love. If the old ways of reaching happiness didn't apply anymore, why not find new ones. Cling to the joy you have, because that's all you have control over.
I sat up. I didn't know if the sun had moved, or if my attitude had changed, but it felt like the light was a little less harsh now. I pulled out my phone and started a group chat between myself, Scott, Allisen, and Jack. We'd friended each other on social media, as is the way now, and said we should get in touch. It's a thing you say, but I wanted to mean it.
With more nervousness than I had at any point last night, I typed out a message, and hit send.
"Hey guys. Wanna, like...go on a date?"