That Friday morning I woke up the way I usually did these days, with Daddy pulling back the covers, sliding down my panties and spreading my thighs. I lifted my legs eagerly, wrapping my legs around his hips as I murmured a sleepy, "Morning Daddy."
"Morning baby girl, excited for today?" he asked as he slid his cock up and down my slit, making it slick with my arousal and his pre-cum.
Every morning I woke up wet now, my body ready and desperate to be fucked. Daddy had me addicted to his cock and I honestly didn't mind one bit. I also couldn't get his words from the night before out of my head.
"I'm thinking about having her bred," he had said to Grandpa.
I was pulled out of the memory as I felt Daddy pop the head of his cock in and out of me a few times, teasing me.
"So excited Daddy," I breathed as I felt the slightly painful stretch. Daddy and Grandpa had double fucked me two more times after my first DP and I was definitely feeling sore all over. I felt amazing.
"Going to miss me baby?" he taunted, tapping my clit with his fat cockhead. "Going to miss my cock?"
"Mmm yes Daddy!" I pouted and then begged. "Please fuck me."
"Since you asked so sweetly," he said with a grin and then pushed his cock into my pussy. "Fuck that's good pussy Missy."
He fucked his cock into me until he was balls deep and I was keening with pleasure. It was early, the sun just peaking into the windows of my bedroom. If Mommy wasn't up yet, she would be now with the way my headboard was banging into the wall from Daddy's hard, rhythmic thrusts. As it was, the three of us had kept Mommy up most of the night from my screams and their beast like grunting.
Daddy started whispering naughty things in my ear as he slid himself in and out of my body.
"You're going to miss this cock stretching you open in the morning and at night aren't you? Yeah your little cunny is going to ache to be fucked by your Daddy, isn't it baby girl? Yeah, that's it. Move your hips and fuck me back, use that twat to milk Daddy's dick just like he taught you. Oh you're such a good girl for Daddy. I've got a nice big load saved up for you Missy. I want you to drip my cum all day on your trip."
I groaned and came, my cries of pleasure echoing through the house. Daddy's shout followed shortly thereafter and I felt him pulse inside me, giving me his load as promised. Too soon he was pulling out of me with a wet plop against my thigh and I could feel some of his cum escaping me immediately. Without another word he got up to head to the shower and I walked down the stairs to the kitchen for breakfast, using my hand to hold my pussy as I walked, licking up any of our mixture off of my palm as I went. Daddy's cum was my favorite.
--------------------------------------
"You ready baby girl?" Mommy called out to me from the front door.
"Coming Mommy!" I answered, happily skipping down the stairs.
"I'll walk you girls out," Daddy said, following us outside to the driveway. He loaded the bags and then fancy kissed Mommy goodbye, groping her breast for good measure. She sighed into his mouth and then ran back into the house, calling over her shoulder that she forgot her wallet.
"Come here Missy girl," Daddy said, motioning for me to stand by him at the passenger door. He leaned down and kissed me hard, thrusting his tongue into my mouth to play with mine. Before I knew it he had me pressed up against the car, his jean covered cock grinding into the soft delta between my thighs. I groaned into his mouth and felt his hands brush against the front of his pants as he quickly unbuttoned them and slid down his fly.
"I'm gonna give you one more load. Hold your dress up," he commanded gruffly against my lips and I did as he asked, looking around nervously to see if any of our neighbors were watching.
Sure enough, Mr. Braverman next door was out getting his morning paper and now had his eyes glued to where Daddy and I stood, my bare pussy on display with my dress held high. Daddy shoved my leg up around his waist, opening my pussy to him. A heartbeat later he thrust deep making me cry out at the burn from the fast and hard penetration. I could already tell by his harsh thrusts that this was going to be a quick and dirty fuck.
"Daddy it feels so good," I panted.
He ground himself against my clit until I cried out with an orgasm, smirking as he watched me cum.
"Daddy fill me up," I begged him, the car rocking back and forth as he fucked me up against it. I could see over his shoulder that Mr. Braverman had his cock out now, jerking himself off as he watched us fuck in the driveway. "Fill me Daddy!"
"You love Daddy's cum, don't you baby girl," Daddy asked me, loud enough for Mr. Braveman to hear clearly.
"Yes Daddy!" I cried out shamelessly when he hit me with a particularly deep thrust. "Breed me Daddy."
Daddy's hips slowed against mine, his fingers digging almost painfully into my thigh as he held it up. "You want me to breed your cunt Missy girl?" he asked seriously, looking me in the eyes.
"Yes Daddy," I whimpered, realizing it was true. "Please, I want to be bred."
"You two are at it again?" Mommy said, amusement lacing her voice as she walked back outside, wallet in hand.
I could only imagine how it looked to her, her husbands pants pulled down just enough to get his ass and cock out so he could fuck his daughter, in public, bareback, against the car.
Daddy looked at her over the roof of the car, his hips still lazily pumping into me. "She asked me to breed her Brenda."
A fiery look of passion passed between them and then Mommy said, "We'll discuss it after we get home," and got in the car.
As soon as her car door closed Daddy growled, "I'm gonna get you knocked up," in my ear and savagely pounded into my willing cunt. I came again on his cock as he flooded my pussy with my second load of the day. My legs were weak when he lowered me back to the ground, my pussy a little sore from the rough fucking, his rich seed dripping down my leg.
"Have a good trip baby girl," he said and kissed my forehead before tucking me into the car. He shut the door behind me and waved goodbye, his half hard cock hanging out of his opened pants.
As Mommy pulled out of the driveway Mr. Braverman stared at me through the car window, obscenely licking his cum off of his hand. I shuddered at the grotesque but dirty sight and squeezed my thighs together.
I already missed Daddy's cock.