NOTE: This story is just a prelude to other sexual encounters, people looking for a quick fix should look elsewhere.
*
Dawn crept gradually upon her shoulders, the light filtering between the cracks of the curtains that were poorly drawn the night before.
Ling was roused from her sleep, feeling tired and unhappy. The events of the night before came flashing back to her. She had been set up for a blind date by her over-bearing mum who was secretly worried that her 22 year old daughter was a lesbian.
Notthat there was anything wrong with a being a homosexual these days, but her mum was being a hypocrite. She did not mind other people being a homosexual but not her daughter.
Her mum had cause for worry though, as during the entire 22 years of Ling's life, she had not had any boyfriends or crushes that her mum knew of. Ling did not display any interest in the opposite sex and was overly careless with her appearance.
Little did her mum know, Ling was a normal 22 year old girl with normal feelings and emotions. As Ling gazed into the mirror, what she saw did little to abate how she felt about the events of last night.
Staring back was a petite Chinese girl with shoulder length black hair that was carelessly bundled into two ugly plaits. The girl was dressed in an oversized lettuce green sleeping gown which hid the unsightly fats on her body in places she did not like. She went nearer and shuddered when she saw the many pimples that spotted on her face.
No wonder Ming shuddered as well when he saw the girl that was sitting across him last night. Ming was her mum's friend, Aunty Judy's son -- who had been arranged to be her blind date last night. Ling muttered secretly to herself: Ming himself was no prize either, short and chubby, with his geeky computer spectacles. How dare he!
The date has been short at best and she had hurried into her room that night, keen to avoid questions from her mum and fell into a fitful sleep.
It has always been like this. She was no lesbian, but with the way she looked, there was no way she could attract anybody of the opposite sex to pay even a little interest in her.What inner beauty? Who could know more about her if they did not even want to get to know her a little better?
She wished she was prettier. She envied the girl next door, who was prettyandthin. At the very least, she wished that all these blasted pimples will disappear off her face!
Sighing, she changed out of her sleeping gown and into an oversized sweater and short pants. Turning back to give one glance in the mirror before going downstairs for breakfast, she suddenly was shocked.
All the pimples on her face were gone!! The skin on her face was as smooth and soft as a baby's bottom. Ling was indeed shocked. What had happened? Has God finally answered her prayers?
She fell into the chair nearby in shock. Then she suddenly remembered the dream she had last night. It couldn't be...right?
She had suddenly awakened in the middle of the night and saw that the window was wide open and moonlight was pouring in. That's weird, she thought, I definitely remembered closing the windows and drawing the curtains.
Suddenly, she was seized by a lump of fear in her throat when she saw a dark shadow sitting at the far corner on her bed.
Ling scrambled as far as she can from the shadow and grabbed the table lamp, all poised to throw it if it threatened to hurt her. Then the shadow spoke.
"Do not fear, my child. I have come, because I saw deep in you, a potential to be all that you want to be. What you lack are the tools."
"What do you mean? Who are you?" whispered Ling in fear, clutching her gown tightly.
"Me? I'm the devil's advocate. Some might know me by the name of Succubus. I've come to see you, my child because I sense in you a potential power. I know all your desires and fears."
"What...what are you talking about?"
"You dream of being the most beautiful woman, of being an object of men's desire, to have all men lust after you. To be in control, to mesmerize and hold them under your spell. Am I right?"
"How...do you know?"
"I know everything, my dear child. Would you like your dreams to come true?"
"What are you talking about...? They are only thoughts, impossible to come true..." Ling muttered.
"Little do you know. Tomorrow when you awaken, a new power shall awaken with you. It shall begin gradually, and it can only be amplified when the insatiable lust is satisfied" declared the Succubus, hiding a grin.
And thereafter, Ling knew nothing and fell into a fitful slumber.
She had brushed it off as a weird dream when she awoke this morning. It was a dream, wasn't it? Just a dream... It must be.
But how would she explain the sudden disappearance of the pimples? She looked into the mirror and touched the skin on her warily again, and oh my, it was so smooth and soft!
Then she saw the Succubus' reflection appeared in the mirror and said: "How do like your new power? Bit by bit, you can be as beautiful as you want to be. The only thing I want in exchange is not your soul, but just that you spread lustful desire across the lands."
When Ling turned backwards, the shadow was gone. And from then on, she noticed that men were not repulsed when they saw her, instead they seemed to be attracted to her, like moth to a fire.
The next morning, she wished for her body to have voluptuous proportions while the next day, her long hair became raven black and silky smooth.
It wasn't long before she looked like a sex goddess --irresistible.
Ling was ready.