The following stories are a compilation of exhibitionist incidents from my past relationships. For a period of my life, I was able to have hyperactive sexual relationships that included many instances of public sex, but for ease of writing I have combined all the partners into single person except where noted and added typical, if fictional, dialog to make it a readable story.
There is no deeper story here, just an episodic string of fuck sessions with some dialog thrown in. A series of vignettes, as it were, with some connecting to others and some just standing alone. I hadn't realized how many times we risked or welcomed exposure until I wrote of it down and added dialog.
A little fantasy (a couple of the incidents, names, dialog, detailed accounts of observations), lots of reality, tons of sex. I hope you enjoy reading about it as much as I enjoyed living it.

**********************

The Lake
"I wonder what the poor people are doing today."
He smiled at her comment. They were far from wealthy, but the combination of modest savings and paid time off from work had enabled them to periodically spend time at Deep Creek Lake, in the mountains of northwestern Maryland. Lake view condos and inexpensive boat rentals made a nice escape for the working people of the region. Between the amenities and the natural beauty of the area, it really did give the impression of being a place made for the idle rich.
They had secured a small open runabout, and after cruising the various inlets and shaded shoreline he had pointed the boat toward the center of the lake. Once they were about as far from shore as they could be, he killed the motor and let them drift quietly.
It really was a perfect day: Sunny with temps in the mid-80s, a slight breeze rippling the sapphire blue water, a few high clouds in the azure sky for contrast. The spring timeframe meant kids were still in school and that loud, unruly families were not crowding their pleasant existence. He turned sideways in the captain's chair, and leaning back against the rail he turned his gaze toward her.
He was still amazed at what he saw. Pushing forty, she still had the flat midriff and long, muscular legs of a much younger woman. Age and gravity had filled and changed her in all the right places, with large, beautiful breasts and to-die-for curves. She wore a black one-piece suit with high cut leg openings that accentuated her curves and angles perfectly and was far sexier than anything short of a string bikini.
Her face resembled a combination of the porn stars Nicky Pearce and Jamie Foster, and she wore her hair in a bob vaguely reminiscent of the early Princess Di. It didn't look at all dated on her. All in all she was a pretty little package.
She was laying back against the rail in the open seat bay at the front of the boat, her head tilted back and her eyes closed. He let his mind wander, taking in the delicious view of her and remembering how well she knew how to use what she had. Lisa's words stirred him from his reverie.
"Earth to Paul, earth to Paul."
"Wha...oh, sorry, I was daydreaming."
"Obviously. The way you were staring at me made me feel naked."
"I'll plead guilty to that. You're looking particularly tasty today."
She ran her hands from her hips, over her stomach, and onto her breasts, cupping each momentarily. Casting a saucy gaze at him, she said, "I guess you like what you see."
"Very much, yes. You are fucking hot."
She gave a slight chuckle. "You're insatiable."
"Then there's that, yes."
She laughed again. "You don't even try to deny it."
"I would be lying if I did."
She dropped to all fours on the deck and crawled to where he sat, stopping between his manspread legs. She put her hands on his thighs and started slowly rubbing the length of them. "And I would be lying if I said knowing that didn't make me more than a little wet." Her eyes locked on his, she slid her right hand under the leg of his loose trunks to wrap her fingers around hos already rock-hard cock.
"Oh my. You really are ready all the time."
"You know what you do to me."
"I know what I'd like to do to you." Using her other hand to lift the leg of his board shorts, she worked his cock out the opening and immediately took its full length into her mouth. He closed his eyes and moaned.
"Oh, fuck yessss...."
She chuckled again, her mouth full of his man meat. Backing her head up, she ran her tongue over the tip then down the length of his shaft, her right hand holding it straight up. "God, I love your cock," she whispered before taking it back into her mouth and swallowing its entire length. He reveled in the sensation of hot mouth enveloping him. She slowly moved her mouth up and down a few times, making him even harder.
She removed her mouth and spoke. "These things are getting in the way." She reached for the drawstring at his waist, and deftly untying it she grabbed the waistband and began pulling the trunks down, He instinctively lifted his hips so she could slide them down his legs and off. He reached for her.
"Ah, ah, ah...good things come to those who wait," she said, pushing his hands away before standing and walking back to the front of the boat. Resuming her languid pose on the seat, she said, "Stroke yourself."
"Wha...?"
"You heard me. Rub yourself. You know, like you used to beat off when you were a teenager?"
He did as he was told and gripped his shaft. "You are a little temptress."
"Yeah. Ain't it great?" She laughed.
Watching him slowly stroke himself, she began a sexy little act, like a lap dancer warming up a client. She ran her hands over her body again, slowly up her thighs and momentarily cupping her pussy. Up over her midsection, then enclosing each of her breasts on her hands. "You want these, baby?"
"You know I do. I want all of you."
"Patience, my sweet. Patience."
Her right hand reached up to her left shoulder and slid the strap of her suit down over it, then pulling her arm out of the strap but leaving her boob covered. She repeated the move on her right shoulder. His breathing quickened and his hand began moving faster. "Slow down, mister. Don't you dare cum yet." He slowed his hand and idly stroked.
She looked down at her chest, the rise of each breast just becoming evident with the edge of her suit resting atop them. "So what is it about boobs that fascinates men?" She ran her fingers across the top of the suit.
"Dunno. That's too deep a question for me. I just know I love boobs, especially yours."
"These?" She quickly yanked the suit down, exposing her magnificent globes. "You don't think they're too big and saggy?
"Oh. fuck. Not even close. They are world class." His breath quickened again and his dick hardened another degree or two. He was not exaggerating; her solid c-cups were the large breasts of a mature woman, not the pert little nippies of a boney youngster. Full and weighty, with just the right about of sag, a man could get lost in them.
"Oh, you. I think they make me look old." She cupped and lifted each one and looked down at them.
"You are killing me."
She looked up and smiled at him. "Getting excited? I like that." She hooked her thumbs into the top of the suit and slid it further down her body, to her waist. "Can you control yourself a little longer?"
"You're making it hard."
"Yeah, I noticed."
He smiled as he reflected on her willingness to expose herself in public. Truth be told, she was as insatiable as he was, and their hyperactive sex life had resulted in them getting it on in all kinds of public places. Cemeteries, hiking trails, the back yard, so many times in the car, once even in a church parking lot - no place was off limits for their passion, and the chance of accidental discovery made the experiences that much more delectable.
"You finding this amusing?" she asked.
"No, I'm just thinking about how once again we're out here in public, ready to get naked and ready to fuck."
"What makes you think we're going to get naked and fuck?"
"I know you."
"Yeah, you do." With a short laugh, she hooked her thumbs into the suit gathered at her waist, and slightly lifting her hips slid it down her legs and off. She laughed again, naked as the day she was born.
The body he had seen and touched and loved so many times still amazed him. Her years of running, hiking, and cycling had left her is good condition, with just the right amount of body fat to have the shape of a real woman. While no longer graced with the sculpted, cut body of her early twenties, she was nevertheless in superb shape for a woman her age and still quite flexible. Looking at her - just staring hungrily - was one of his favorite pastimes.
Even though she was quick to chide him for his overactive libido, she loved the way he looked at her. His obvious lust for her made her feel special, made her feel young and beautiful and desirable. And he was such a good lover, so caring and attentive to her needs.
He can play me like a fiddle,she thought to herself.
She let her memories run for a bit. By the time they had met half a dozen years ago, she had given up on ever meeting someone like Paul. Her first husband had been a real jerk, an ignorant macho chump whose life revolved around watching football and working on his truck. They had been high school sweethearts, but while she had quickly grown out of that mindset, he had remained mired in it and was going nowhere. Their teenage marriage had lasted but six years, producing two kids and not much else beyond bad memories.
Gawd, Paul is so much different. This is living,she thought.
Sitting up slightly, Lisa brought her knees up until her heels rested in the cushion, then spread them wide. Her short, trimmed bush was a perfect complement to the prettiest pussy in existence.
With her legs splayed so widely, her pussy glistened in the midday sun, her own desire evident in the wetness and the bright pink coloration as she spread her engorged labia with her fingers. Paul started to get out of his seat, overcome with desire.
"Ah ah ah...stay right there," she commanded. With a huff, Paul returned to his seat and resumed his slow stroking.
Holding Paul's gaze, Lisa rubbed her pussy slowly, diddling her clit or running her fingers up and down her gash. "Tell me what you want, lover," she whispered huskily.
"I want to fuck you silly," Paul replied.
"You always do," she answered. "But you know I need more than that."
"I want to taste your hot juices," he quickly answered.
"Now we're getting somewhere. Tell me more."
"I want to bury my lips against your pussy and lick it from bottom to top, then let my tongue uncover your clit so I can taste it and add to its excitement."
Lisa's breath quickened. One of Paul's primary talents as a lover was his ability to eat her out, like he was born to it. He genuinely loved giving head and was expert at it, a rare talent in men. "OK mister, you're getting closer."
"Then I want to move my face down and push my tongue into you, then return to your clit while using my fingers inside you to find that special place."
He had indeed found that special spot at the beginning of their relationship and knew exactly how to use to it take her over the edge. Cumming against his face had become as exciting as doing it while impaled on his cock, and she pitied the women who had never experienced it. She used her hands to spread herself even more. Her eyes were glazed and locked on his. "Then you had best be getting to it, lover."
Now it was Paul's turn to taunt her, to increase her desire. He dropped to all fours on the deck and slowly crawled towards her, alternately looking into her eyes and focusing on her dripping pussy. She sighed in anticipation, wanting him between her thighs immediately but knowing that the wait would be worthwhile. She chuckled as she remembered how she used the same tricks on him.
"I guess turnabout is fair play," she said. Paul smiled in return, his face now less than a yard from her. As he came up to her, she parted her heels and spread her legs wide, then lowered her feet onto his back as he buried his face into her hot box. She threw back her head and closed her eyes as he immediately put his practiced tongue to use.
"Oh fuck, yessssss," she moaned, then opened her eyes and looked down at him eating her hungrily.
Paul loved to go down on her, and her pussy was made for eating with a prominent clit and the pretty petals of her labia. He lapped her from bottom to top, taking special care to part the hood of her clit and with delicate slowness slide the rough surface of his tongue over it, eliciting a gasp from her.
"Ohfuckohfuckohfuck," she exhaled. "You are so fucking good at that."
Paul continued to lap at her tasty box like it was his last meal, licking its entire length then inserting his tongue into her dripping canal. He loved the taste of her pussy, the extra little stimulation her flavor added to what was already his favorite pastime.
Reaching around her leg with his left hand to fondle her wondrous globe, he turned his right hand palm up and inserted his middle finger into her, curling it and rubbing the tip across that special place that triggered her to another level of pleasure.
"Ohyesyesyesyes," she sighed, her head back and her eyes closed. "You always know the exact spot." Lisa briefly reflected on how he could give attention to her tit, her clit, and her cunt all at once. Such a multitasker.
Paul added his pointer to the finger already in her, twisting and rubbing as he moved his hand in and out. Her juices were flowing freely and he lapped up every drop, leaving no part of her untouched by his practiced mouth and hands. While his tongue focused on her clit, he added another finger and gave her pussy a full treatment, rubbing her g-spot and spreading her lips.
"OK stud, give it to me now."
Paul needed no further encouragement or direction; the thrill he got from eating pussy had hardened his rod to steely readiness. Holding her knees apart, he scuttled forward on his knees and she guided his cock into her dripping pussy, sinking it balls deep in one swift stroke.
"Oh sweet mother," Lisa sighed, closing her eyes. "I will never stop wanting that."
"And I will never stop wanting to give it to you." Lisa wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his face toward hers, their lips meeting in a fiery, passionate kiss, their tongues dueling and dancing as he slowly pistoned in and out of her widespread pussy. She felt both vulnerable and protected at the same time.
Their combined passion found the pace of their lovemaking increasing, his ball sack slapping against her butthole with each pump. He reveled in the sensation of their bodies touching so closely, the coolness of her skin against his setting his nerves afire. The sun was beating down on their naked bodies, and in their hypersensitive state each breath of wind was felt.
The movement of their bodies found a sympathetic rhythm from the rocking of the boat, enhancing their passion. They could hear the water slapping against the hull in time with his balls slapping her ass.
"Ohgawdyes I'm gonna cum," Lisa gasped. She could feel the buildup to the release he was so able to give her.
'Yeah baby," Paul replied. "Let it go." He sped up his pumping, rapidly stimulating every nerve in her vaginal canal. He felt the first stirring in his balls, the rush of blood that signaled his own imminent release.
Lisa lost herself in the moment and closed her eyes, feeling her orgasm inexorably building to that final point, that ultimate release. She tightly grasped Paul's head and shoulders to her and he gave one final push, pressing himself into her as far as possible and holding himself firmly in place.
"Ohohohohohoh," she moaned as the waves of pleasure and release washed over her, her vagina pulsing."Uhnnnnnnnn..." Paul felt her orgasm around his shaft. Close to cumming himself, he held in place as her orgasm subsided.
"OK baby, finish yourself now."
Her words stirred him, and he resumed pumping in and out of her dripping snatch. Already close, he quickly brought himself to release and gave into it, painting her cervix with his hot seed. She could feel each spurt as his balls pulsed against her taint.
"Oh yeah just like that," she cooed. "Give me every drop."
The gentle but relentless breeze had set the boat drifting lazily toward the northern shore of the lake. Gary Jennings, a retired mailman, was relaxing on the deck of his cottage, a small but comfortable reward for his years of work and saving. Sipping from his can of Iron City beer, he watched as the small runabout moved across his field of view.
At first thinking the boat was empty, he realized that there was a couple in the bow. He could see a regular movement and realized that they were engaged in mankind's favorite pastime, the man rhythmically pumping his pelvis between the widespread legs of his partner. He saw them cease moving for a few seconds, then saw the man give a few more strokes before holding still again. The boat was only about 200 feet from where he sat.
After a long kiss, the man finally backed away from the woman and she brought her knees together and sat up, displaying her athletic form and her magnificent chest. The man moved toward the boat's controls and picked up a pair of swim trunks as the woman began putting on her swimsuit. The man paused and looked up, apparently realizing how far they had drifted, and caught Gary's eye.
With a smile, Gary raised his drink in silent salute toward one lucky son of a bitch. The lucky son of a bitch nodded in return, started the boat engine, and slowly motored away.

***************************

What a fucking life,Paul mused as he reclined in a chair on the condo's deck.Sun. Nature. Quiet. A beautiful woman who loves fucking as much as I do.
Yeah, his life was good. A few hours before they had made hot, naked, satisfying love on a boat in the middle of the lake, feeling the sun on their bare bodies as they enjoyed each other. He reflected on the nature of his existence, of how every single need was fulfilled to thenthdegree.
It doesn't get any better than this,he thought.
"Well, someone is looking satisfied." Her voice stirred him from his reverie and glanced at her as she walked past him to lean on the railing and look at the lake. After showering she had changed into a light camisole and shorts, and her shoulder length blond hair was still wet.
"You won't hear me disagree with that sentiment," he replied with a chuckle. "You still find new ways to turn me on."
She smiled enticingly. "Well, you inspire me. You seem to like everything I dream up."
"That I do. I'm just amazed that you can still surprise me after all this time."
She laughed at that. "I'm sure there's a lot more to learn. And share. Do you have a favorite?"
Paul thought for a moment. "That's a tough question. You are the world's greatest lover. That's like asking me which kid I like best. How about you? Does anything stand out for you?"
"No one thing, no. But I love it when we do it in public. The risk of discovery adds such a thrill and I cum even harder. I get so hot when I know someone might be watching. Remember that time at Carl and Valerie's place?"
Paul laughed out loud at that. "Who could forget that? Fucking with an audience?"
"Well, he dared me! And I was just being honest."
"Yes you were. Like he never expected."

******************************************

The Audience Part 1
Given the intensely sexual nature of their relationship, what had happened that night was as inevitable as it was memorable.
They had joined Carl and Valerie for a nice dinner at their place and had been enjoying good wine and good conversation for several hours. They were engaged in their own version ofHave You Ever?, and things had turned rather ribald. Paul and Lisa made no secret of their hyperactive sex life, and the copious amount of alcohol they had all consumed had led to a lot of raucous, raunchy laughter.
Most of the questions to that point had been fairly common. Have you ever fucked a coworker? Masturbated? Fantasized about someone? Then Carl said something that changed everything.
"You two are probably the horniest people I have ever met."
"You say that like it's a bad thing," Lisa commented.
"Not at all," Carl replied. "I was just wondering if you two have ever done it in public."
"Hell, yes," Lisa interjected. "We do it in public all the time." Paul just smiled.
"Are you serious?" Carl asked. "What does 'all the time' mean?"
"Fucking in public is a real turnon," Lisa explained. "It gets us both hot when there's a chance someone might see us, and except for kids, we really don't care if someone does. Plus, we love to fuck."
"So where's the most public place you ever did it?"
Lisa turned to Paul. "What do you think? There've been so many, it's hard to pick just one."
"I would have to say the time we fucked on the grass in that business park. Anyone driving by could see us, and you were basically naked."
"Yeah, that was a good one," Lisa agreed.
"You fucked right out in the open?" Carl asked incredulously.
"Right on the grass next to the street, yeah," Paul replied.
Carl was shocked and amazed. "Wait wait wait. We need to hear about this."
Pretty simple, really," Lisa explained. "I was blowing him in the car on the way home from work and I decided I didn't want to wait until we got home to feel his cock in me. There was this business park near our house and everyone seemed to be gone, so we pulled into a parking lot and fucked on the grass."

The Business Park
Fucking traffic, Paul thought for the hundredth time.Tell me again why I'm doing this.
Temporarily down to a single car, he was dropping her off at work in the morning and picking her up in the evening. The problem was that she worked in downtown Baltimore and Paul spent his days in Lanham, just outside the beltway around Washington, DC. Without traffic it was a drive of 45 minutes or so, but during rush hour it took more than twice that. They lived halfway between the two points.
"All of these people need to get off my road," Paul grumbled as he willed himself to relax. Lisa got off work half an hour before he did and had texted that she was joining her workmates at a pub near the office.I could use a drink myself,he mused. It was Friday and a relaxing weekend beckoned.
By the time he pulled up in front of the bar, she and her friends had been drinking for nearly two hours and she was feeling no pain after several White Russians. She saw him pull to the curb, and grabbing her purse she took her leave and hurried out the door to the car before he got hassled for being in a red zone.
"Hey, beautiful," he said as she got into the car. "Sorry it took so long to get here..." she interrupted his explanation by grabbing his head and locking her lips to his, her tongue aggressively probing into his mouth, the taste of alcohol strong. "Let's go, "she said after breaking the kiss, her bright blue eyes sparkling. "I want to get out of these clothes."
"I like the sound of that," he said with a smile.
Lisa laughed. "Yeah, like you don't get enough already." Sex was a big part of their lives, and they did something sexual at least every other day, if not more. Checking his mirrors, Paul eased into traffic. Lisa rested her left hand on his thigh.
He considered her for a few moments. Although they were in their late thirties, she seemed to have stopped aging at 21. Her roundish face was unlined and somewhat resembled a mashup of the porn actresses Nicky Pearce and Jamie Foster, her blond bob framing it perfectly. Her sparkling eyes and ready smile brightened his mood, and her fit body always stirred his loins. She was wearing a summery dress that had a loose, peasant-type top and a full, colorful skirt.
"What's with this traffic?" she asked, snapping him from his reverie. "No wonder it took you so long to get here."
"Tell me about it," he replied. "I can't wait to get your car back."
"Sorry I'm so much trouble," she mocked pouted. "How can I EVER make it up to you, hmmm...?" She smiled slyly and said, "I have one idea...' Turning sideways in her seat, Lisa used both hands to unbuckle and loosen his belt, then unhooked the waist and lowered the fly. "Lift," she commanded, and Paul raised his hips enough for her to pull his pants and boxers just to his thighs. "That's better" She took his rising cock in her hand and began a gentle stroking. He quickly became hard in her cool grasp.
"Goddam, you have such a way," he sighed. "And you're insatiable." They were still in heavy downtown traffic.
"You want me to stop?" she asked with a smile.
"Fuck no!"
"I didn't think so." She continued to stroke him to full hardness.
They had only traveled a few blocks and were finally merging onto the Baltimore-Washington parkway. Traffic was heavy in both directions and the southbound side was every bit as jammed as the northbound trip had been.
"This is nuts," Lisa said. "But some things can't wait."
Their hyperactive sex life had made her pretty adept at having sex anywhere and everywhere, and cars were no exception. Twisting her body to the left, she bent at the waist and slipped her head under his arm. Wasting no time, she took his now rock-hard shaft fully into her mouth.
Paul was quite accustomed to getting road head from her and was not surprised at all by her move, but her skill always amazed him. Using her lips. tongue, and teeth, she managed to stimulate every nerve in his member. his hand rested on her back as he reveled in the sensations her mouth brought.
Traffic was stop and go. Paul sensed someone was watching and looked to the right to see the driver of a delivery van watching everything she did. The height of the van gave the driver a front row seat to the action, and he was obviously enjoying the show. Catching Paul's eye, the driver gave him a thumbs up and a grin. Paul acknowledged the driver with a smile.
Traffic finally started moving more smoothly as they continued their journey, her mouth working on his shaft and her head bobbing in his lap. Her skill at sucking cock meant she could bring him to the point of orgasm without taking him over the line, and their frequent sex also extended his stamina. He used his right hand to stroke her back and hip and occasionally reach under and grope her full, shapely tits. She moaned contentedly when he squeezed her nipples.
Lifting her head off his cock and sitting up, she said "Here, let me make it easy for you." Pulling her arms into the top of her dress, she brought them up through the stretch neck and pushed it down to her waist. Releasing the front clasp on her lacy white bra, she shrugged it off, exposing her full, gorgeous tits.
"Oh goddam," he half whispered. "You have got truly world class boobs."
Lisa cupped her breasts and lifted them slightly, smiling enticingly. "You like the girls, don't you?'
"Oh hell yes." Paul began unconsciously stroking himself with his right hand and was having trouble keeping his eyes on the road. Lisa ran her fingers over her nipples as she sat topless in the passenger seat. "You're a fucking vision," he told her.
"Is 'fucking' or 'vision' the operative word there?" she asked in a husky whisper.
"Both."
"And you say I'm insatiable," she said with a short laugh. Bending again, she slipped under his arm and took him back in her mouth, holding the shaft with her hand. The suction of her lips and the wet heat of her mouth had him as rigid as a steel beam, and his hand again wandered from her boobs to her back, occasionally slipping under her dress and panties to caress her wondrous ass.Life is good,he mused to himself.
He exited the BW and followed the road toward Baltimore Washington International Airport on the route that also took them home, finally slowing for the turn onto Dorsey Road. Lisa sensed the change and lifted her head from its ministrations in his lap.
"The kids are home. Find someplace to park."
"Oh hell yes." He was curious about how things would play out. Instead of the left turn that would take them home, he turned right into an area marked by low commercial buildings and warehouses and swung onto the parking lot of one that appeared to be closed. He brought the car to a stop, a strip of grass about twenty feet wide separating them from the street but leaving them fully visible to anyone driving by.
Expecting another of her fabulous car seat blowjobs, he was surprised when she suddenly sat up and reached for the door handle. "Come on," she said as she opened the door and got out. Standing in the open door, Lisa lifted the hem of her dress and pulled her panties down, stepping out of them and tossing them onto the car floor. The top of her dress around her waist, her delightful tits out and proud, Lisa defiantly put her hands on her hips and tilted her head. "Are you going to join me, or are you just going to stare?"
"I gotta say, the view from here is pretty good."
"Get your ass out here." She hurried toward the grass as he left the car and followed her, holding his open pants up enough to trot around the car, his erection leading the way.
Lisa wasn't wasting any time. She had run to the grass and laid on her back, gathering her skirt at her waist and spreading her legs wide, the swollen lips of her pussy glistening, her trimmed bush pointing the way to paradise. Her eyes were afire with lust. He tried to take it all in, the sight of her topless and bottomless reaching out to him overwhelming his senses.
"Come on, stud. Gimme what I want." Normally, he would have buried his face in her dripping snatch and eaten her to a thundering orgasm, but they were in plain old raw fucking territory now.
No time for foreplay, nosiree, he mused.
He dropped his suit pants and boxers to his ankles and knelt between her thighs, then grabbed his rod and guided it unerringly into her. Reveling in the sensation of her slick velvety tunnel enveloping him, he drove his entire length into her as she moaned again. Their lips met in a fiery kiss as he began furiously pumping in and out.
"Oh fuck yes, just like that," she moaned. "It feels like you're coming up to my throat."
They gave no thought to the situation, no consideration of the fact that they were fifteen feet from the street, essentially naked, his pale ass pumping up and down between her thighs, without anything to hide them from passing traffic as they rutted like feral animals. They often enjoyed the thrill of sex in public places, the danger of discovery, and despite their age they regularly got it on any time they wanted. It wasn't about narcissism as much as it was about indulging their insatiable sex drives. Their entire existence was defined by sex and it was a rare event when their time alone wasn't filled with some sexual activity or another.
She was very noisy when they fucked. "Oh. Yeah. Give. Me. Every. Fucking. Inch. Fuck me like you mean it..." He was already grunting like an animal, totally lost in the intense pleasure of the moment, feeling every inch of her velvety tunnel around his hypersensitive rod. Her words inspired him to fuck her as hard as he could.
They continued to hump wildly, Lisa's beautiful breasts jiggling and bouncing with each thrust, the air filled with the sound of their grunting and of his rock-hard shaft sloppily pumping in and out of her dripping pussy, his untanned ass furiously moving up and down like a relentless, unthinking machine. Her legs were locked around his thighs, and he could feel his balls slapping against her ass with each thrust. She was on the same wavelength.
"I love it when your balls slap my ass like that. Oh yeah, I'm almost there." He could feel the familiar boiling in his balls. "Me too," he replied breathlessly.
"Come on, fill me up with your hot juice. I need this."
They both peaked within a few more strokes. Lisa let out a high-pitched squeal as her legs and arms tightened around him and her pussy began pulsing around his shaft. They were so attuned sexually that his own body released at that moment, his balls pulsing as spurt after spurt of his manjuice filled her and he grunted like the animal he was. She screamed in release. In the summer heat they were covered in sweat.
They laid there locked together while their beathing returned to normal, his softening dick still inside her and her heels locked on his thighs. "Oh fuck that was good," she said between gasps. "One of our best ever."
"Yep, you're pretty fucking amazing," he replied. He lifted his head and looked around, finally taking in how exposed they were. "Do you supposed anyone saw us?" he asked her.
"Well if they did, they got one hell of a show," she laughed.
He looked down at her face. "I am one lucky son of a bitch," he said softly.
She held his gaze for a moment and let out a chuckle before replying.
"Yeah you are."
Hayley O'Connor was working late that day, finishing up several projects in anticipation of the night out she and her crew had planned, and of the weekend ahead. Her car was in the shop, and she was using Uber for her morning and evening commutes. She had used the restroom and walked into her office to summon her ride home when she saw something moving just outside. She turned her attention to the tall, narrow window.
"Holy fucking shit" she exclaimed quietly. Across the small parking lot, maybe fifty feet from where she stood, a couple was lying on the grass, feet towards Hayley, him on top of her in a classic missionary posture as they fucked. She could see his suit pants around his ankles and her legs wrapped around his thighs as his bare ass moved rhythmically up and down, his balls slapping on her ass with each stroke. As the woman lifted her knees she could actually see his cock disappearing into her.
"Oh fuck, the girls are not gonna believe this." Quickly accessing the video function on her phone, Hayley recorded the couple as they rutted on the grass, even zooming in to capture more detail. She saw as they tensed up - she pictured his load shooting into his partner - then relaxed for a minute or so. He eventually rolled off of her and onto his back next to her as she sat up.
"Jesus fucking christ," she sighed. The woman sat knees up and legs spread, her pussy fully visible. Just as surprising, the top of her dress was around her waist and her tits were exposed, so for all intents and purposes completely naked and had just fucked on the grass next to the street. Hayley felt her own pussy moisten and her nether regions become engorged.
"Whether it's a real one or my battery operated boyfriend, I'm getting some dick tonight."

***************************

The Audience Part 2
Carl looked skeptical. "That sounds like something from a porn flick."
"Well, it's true. Sorry we don't have pictures," Lisa said with a laugh. "That was one of the best times ever."
Carl started to open his mouth when Valerie finally interrupted him.
"You're not going to say what I think you're going to say..."
"What was I going to say?
"You were going to dare them to fuck right here while we watch. I know you," she chided with a smile.
"Actually, I was going to ask if they had ever recorded themselves doing it, but I like your idea better." He turned to the amorous couple across the conversation pit. "What she said. Are you willing to do it right here, right now?"
Lisa's answer was to turn to Paul and give him a hair-curling, passionate kiss, her tongue halfway down his throat, her lips hungrily devouring his. Her hand had been resting on his thigh, and while she kissed him, she moved it to his crotch and started rubbing his package through his pants. Paul responded as one would expect and returned her kisses, his cock immediately hardening. She stroked its length through the cloth, feeling every vein and the prominent head.
"Holy shit," Carl hoarsely whispered. Valerie poured another glass of wine and intently watched the developments.
Lisa broke the kiss long enough to answer. "Oh, we're just getting started." She immediately returned to their passionate tongue tango.
Lisa was adept at getting what she wanted, and without interrupting their kiss she moved her hand to Paul's waist and deftly unbuckled his belt, lowered the fly of his pants, and unbuttoned the waistband. Her hand reached into his boxer briefs and grasped his now rigid pole, pulling it up to a more vertical position.
"Fucking A," Carl exclaimed. "They're really going to do it."
"Goddam right," Lisa mumbled around their kiss.
Moving off the couch, Lisa knelt in front of Paul and reached for the waistband of his Dockers, then hooked her fingers into those and his boxer briefs and pulled. Paul lifted his hips enough for her to pull them both past his hips and ass, pooling them at his ankles. His cock stood up straight and proud.
"Time for the first act," Lisa said, grasping Paul's shaft and bending forward to take its entire length into her mouth in one smooth movement. Paul glanced over at Carl, who was staring slack-jawed at the action across from him, his eyes as big as saucers. Valerie's fresh glass of wine was forgotten as she stared wide eyed at Paul and Lisa, her hands idly toying with her nipples through her thin shirt as she felt her pussy becoming wet.
As much as Paul loved to eat pussy, Lisa's skill as a cocksucker were world class. She made love to Paul's rod as if it was a totem representing the hopes and dreams of all mankind, one moment gobbling it in its entirety and the next tenderly circling the head with her tongue. As was the case when they performed their public displays, they were lost in the moment and focused solely on each other. Her eyes locked on his, Lisa licked the length of him from root to tip while gently cradling him in her hand, then again enclosed his engorged member with her lips and took him wholly onto her mouth.
"Oh goddam" Carl sighed. "Un-fucking-believable." Valerie was lost in the moment and used one hand to rub her mound as the other continued to tease her full breasts. She had pushed her shirt above them and was braless.
Lisa said, "Now prepare for the main event," and stood up in front of Paul. She reached down and brought her hands up under the hem of her short sundress, then hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties and drew them down over her ass and down her legs, kicking them aside. Valerie let out a short gasp.
"You ready for this, baby?" she quietly asked Paul.
"I was born ready for this," he answered. He was willing to display his seven throbbing inches to strangers, so displaying his wood to their friends was no big deal.
Stepping forward, Lisa hiked the hem of her dress to her waist and straddled Paul's lap, then reached down and grabbed his raging hardon. Holding it steady she lowered herself, sighing with contentment as she guided it into her dripping pussy and impaled herself completely on it, sighing deeply.
Carl was flabbergasted. "Holy fucking shit," he grunted. Valerie whimpered and closed her eyes, her hand now in her pants and furiously stimming her clit.
Paul and Lisa were each completely in the thrall of the other. Their lips locked and their tongues dancing, she began a slow, rhythmic movement up and down, her delightful ass cheeks alternately parting and meeting. Paul grabbed her ass in his hands and used them to aid in her movements, spreading her cheeks and fully exposing her pussy and the brown bud of her butthole to Carl and Valerie. She was completely exposed and completely loving it.
"Now for the bonus feature," Lisa declared, grabbing the hem of her sundress and pulling the garment up and over her head, then quickly unhooking her lacy bra and throwing it aside. She was now completely nude, her smooth and shapely back flaring perfectly into her womanly hips and gorgeous heart of an ass, Paul's face now buried between her bounteous breasts. She had nothing to hide from their friends and actually enjoyed showing off her body.
Carl was mesmerized, his senses overstimulated. Paul's veined member sliding in and out of Lisa's hole, her bare, beautiful ass moving up and down, and the wet sounds and low murmurs of their lovemaking had brought him to a high state of excitement. His own pants had become uncomfortably tight as he hardened in arousal, and he quickly released his cock from its cloth prison and began stroking it.
Lost in self-stimulated bliss, with her pants around her thighs and her tits exposed, Valerie had fallen to her side and was nearing an orgasm, the fingers of one hand buried in her wet hole and the other rubbing her engorged clit as she watched the action across from her with glazed eyes.
Lisa's pace quickened as they both near their final release, her ass slapping noisily against Paul's thighs. "I'm close, baby," Paul told her. "In or out?"
"Out, definitely," she answered. "Let's really give them a show."
Paul chuckled. "Such a bad girl."
"And you love it."
'Okay, here it comes," Paul said. Lisa lifted off his cock, and reaching behind her she grabbed it and stroked it against her sweet ass until he shot rope after rope of his spooge onto her butt cheeks. She kept rubbing as his hardon softened, smearing his goo across herself. They slowly brought their breathing under control.
"Now do you believe us?" she asked without turning. Not receiving a response, she turned her head toward Carl and Valerie. Carl had his head thrown back and his eyes closed and was stroking his hard cock like a piston. With her pants around her thighs, Valerie was on her side facing him with her hand buried wetly in her shaved snatch and was noisily getting herself off.
Carl himself was getting close. "Oh fuck yes...yes...yes...yes..." he grunted, his hand whipping and his hips thrusting. Drunken with her own passion, Valerie quickly got on her knees and buried her face in Carl's lap, taking his entire shaft in her mouth at once just as he began shooting his own load. She caught almost all of it, her ass riding high and her hand bringing her over the edge along with him. A tasty and experienced MILF herself, she was moved to tears by the intense emotion of the moment.
Carl finally caught his breath and opened his eyes, taking in the scene. Lisa was still on Paul's lap, his cream splattered and smeared across her bare ass and lower back. Valerie still had his own softening cock in her mouth and her own pants down. It was like an orgy scene from a porn flick.
"Jesus H Peterson," he exclaimed. "I just wanted to see if you would do it with an audience. That was an Oscar winning performance. You two are an inspiration."

***************************

"Yeah, they both seemed rather satisfied that night," Paul noted. "That was pretty fucking wild."
"They really joined in," Lisa responded. "I used to think she was really uptight, but she proved me wrong that night." After lying so exposed while she came down from her own orgasm, Valerie had removed the rest of her clothes in the living room before taking a quick shower, then spent the rest of the visit wearing only a pair of lacy panties.
"She had a great body," Lisa opined. "Don't you think?" Lisa had enjoyed Sapphic pleasure more than once in her life, something Paul found intriguing and exciting.
"Not nearly as good as you, but yeah, she's a looker," Paul agreed. "Nice tits, but I don't think I like the clean-shaven look on a woman her age."
"Yeah, like you wouldn't do her," Lisa laughed.
Paul chuckled in return. "I think I would rather do you from behind while you eat her."
Lisa squirmed at the mental image. He knew her past and had no problems with it.
"Remember the drive home?" she asked softly.
"How could I forget? You were so turned on that you made me fuck you again in that church parking lot near Mingo Park."
"Oh, poor baby. You had to fuck me twice in one night?" she smilingly mocked.
"Hey babe, I'm not complaining. I found it highly entertaining that we danced the horizontal tango smack in front of a fundamentalist church. If they only knew!"
Which is a story in itself...

***************************

Paul and Lisa had left for home a while after their command performance for Carl and Valerie and a quick cleanup. The ladies had been in no hurry to get dressed, which was very much appreciated by the men as Lisa and Valerie were both smoke shows, even more so with their tits out. It had been a memorable night.
There had not been much to say as they cruised the dark roads toward their home. Sex in public was a regular part of their relationship and doing it with a personal audience had taken it to the next level. Lisa finally broke the silence.
"That was really special."
Paul glanced at her and smiled. "Yeah it was."
"Did you ever do it in public before we met?"
"Well yeah, a few times. You?"
"Not like you and I do it, no. Tell me about it."
"You sure you wanna hear it?"
"I asked, didn't I? Don't worry, I won't get jealous. Anything that helped make you the lover you are is OK with me."
"All right." Paul paused for a few seconds. "My first girlfriend and I did it in public a few times."
"Ooooo, juicy. Tell me more."
The Early Days: Paul, Part 1
Paul chuckled. "OK. I was a late bloomer, I didn't lose my virginity until I was 18. My then girlfriend, Karen, was also a virgin and we discovered sex together, Once we did it the first time, we went kinda nuts."
"What do you mean?"
"Just what I said. Once we learned how good it felt, we couldn't get enough. She was my first everything - first real kiss, first tit, first ass, first naked, first pussy, first fuck, first blowjob. I used to go to her house while she was babysitting her younger sibs, and we would use her bedroom to have sex."
"That was pretty irresponsible."
"I know that now. We were young and stupid and just wanted to fuck."
"That's also not exactly public."
"Nah, that was just part of it. Remember it was a different time. We both lived at home and had just graduated from high school. We lost our virginity to each other in the back of my ancient hand-me-down Falcon station wagon. She gave me my first blowjob in the front seat of my car while parked in front of her house. She loved to play with my cock and had it out so she could just look at it, and after several sessions of that she put it in her mouth one night. I just sat there frozen, not really knowing how to react."
"Did she swallow?"
"I never came when she blew me."
"Bummer for you."
"I didn't think so at the time. All I knew was that not only was I no longer a virgin, but a beautiful woman also had my cock in her mouth. To answer your question, there are a couple of incidents that stand out.
"This one night we were sitting on her front steps facing the street, and she was bent over blowing me. We heard the front door unlock, so she sat up real quick and I took off walking toward my car with my dick standing straight out in front of me. It was her mother checking on us, and she hated my guts."
Lisa laughed out loud. "Were you corrupting her baby?"
"Exactly that, yes. Her mom was a Kentucky redneck named Hazel, and she hated everything about me."
"So did anyone ever see you fuck?"
"Yeah, this one time we were over at her friend Sunny's house. Sunny family had money and her family had a pool, and Karen and I were over there swimming. Karen and I were in the pool messing around, and somehow in all the fun her bikini top had come off. Just as we realized her tits were exposed, Sunny called to us from the patio. When we looked over to her, we saw that her top was also off, and I noticed that she had a world-class rack. I hadn't even seen my first real live naked titty until a month before that, and here I was surrounded by beautiful, bare teenage boobs."
"Did Karen have nice tits too?"
"Karen was smaller and thinner, and her tits were proportional to that. Sunny was curvier and her boobs were big and round, but Karen was a stone fox, way the prettier of the two."
"You lucky fucker."
"Yeah, she was way out of my league. Anyway, to the story. Sunny suggested we all go inside and continue our activities there, so the four of us went down to the rec room. It had two couches in it and not much else, so Sunny and her boyfriend took one couch and Karen and I took the other, and we all started making out.
"We all really got into what we were doing, and pretty soon we were all naked and wrapped around each other on the couches. At one point Karen and I ended up in a 69, another first for both of us. I had no idea how to eat pussy back then, so I just kind of pressed my mouth against it while feeling her lips around my cock."
"I'm picturing this and it's getting me wet."
"Well that's good. I thought you might not want to hear it."
"Of course I want to hear it. Finish the story." Lisa started to rub herself as Paul continued.
"All right. I did have the presence of mind to start using my fingers, which she loved, though I knew nothing of clits or g-spots. I was basically just finger fucking her with my mouth on her. She took my dick out of her mouth and said, 'I need to feel you inside me,' so I got off of her and crawled between her legs.
"Just before I fucked her, we glanced over at the other couch and saw Sunny riding her boyfriend cowgirl style, then looked back at each other. We had kinda forgotten they were there.
"Anyway, Karen lifted her knees and I just guided my dick into her and started pumping. I had no idea how to make a woman cum, and I felt my balls boiling really quickly anyway. Since I wasn't wearing a condom, I pulled out and shot my load all over her pubes. Looking back on it, I realize now that she was probably very frustrated by my lack of expertise. But at the time it just felt so fucking good."
"You've learned a lot since then," Lisa said with a laugh.
Paul smiled. "Yeah, that came later. Just FYI, she broke up with me a couple of months later when she realized that there were a lot more guys out there who probably knew more about fucking than I did, but while it lasted I had a blast. I enlisted in the Air Force six months later and started a new life. I saw her when I came home on leave once, and we reminisced about the good times. It was gratifying to know I was her first."
"That's a kinda hot story," Lisa opined as she continued to rub her pussy. "Did Sunny and her boyfriend watch you?"
"Probably. Karen and I were so into each other and what we were doing that we didn't really spend any time watching them except for that one glance, but she told me later that Sunny commented to her about watching us 69. She and her boyfriend hadn't done any oral up to that point.
"One funny thing about the whole experience was that I was usually very self-conscious about my body in those days because I had been a short, fat fucker with acne in high school and still had a poor body image, but I had no problem getting naked in front of Sunny and her boyfriend. He was a large, muscular black guy. I really had no problem exposing myself after that."
"Wow, that was a great story." Lisa kept absentmindedly rubbing herself.
"How about you? Did you ever do it in public before this?"
The Early Days: Lisa
"Nope. My first husband Wayne was pretty much a missionary-position-in-the-dark-once-a-month kind of guy. I lost interest in him after a couple of years as I learned more about myself. He was basically a sperm donor for me to have the kids."
"How about after you left him?"
"Again, not really, no. For as much as I did after I dumped his ass, I always had sex inside. I didn't really realize how fun it was to fuck in public until I met you."
"Then I'm glad I could help you discover that about yourself. And I have a question for you, too."
"Do I want to answer?"
"Yeah, I think you will. Our sex life is great, but what was a really memorable experience you had before we met?"
"Are you sure you want to go there?"
"Yeah I'm sure. I'm not nave enough to think that I taught you anything, and I actually find your background exciting."
"What do you mean?"
"Girl, you are the world's greatest lover. Our sex life is the stuff of legend, and I get to be the one who loves you. I don't give a shit what you did or who you did it with. You even told me that you've played for the other team at times."
Lisa laughed heartily. "'The other team?' Oh, that's a good one."
"I find it to be a major turnon."
"Well, that's good, because that was my most memorable experience."
"Oh wow."
"Definitely oh wow. During one of the times I 'played for the other team,' I had a threesome with two other girls"
"Oh wow wow wow. This I gotta hear."
"Yeah it was great. My girlfriend Joanie was going down on me, and she could eat pussy almost as well as you."
"You said it was a threesome."
"It was. While she went downtown on me, her twin sister Sydney was slamming her from behind with a strapon. They were both really hot, with athletic bods and big boobs. Big tits and cute asses and wet pussies galore, and we fucked all weekend. I lost track of how many times I came. That weekend was also my introduction to butt stuff."
"Oh fuck, that is so hot! Twin sisters?"
"Yeah," Lisa sighed. "They were both so fucking hot that I still get wet remembering them."
"What was your first ass fucking like?"
Lisa paused to remember it warmly. "Joanie and Sydney were excellent lovers from their own relationship. Sydney knew how to use her fingers to loosen me up before putting that dildo into me, and she used lots and lots of lube and went slowly. By the time she slid that thing into my butt I was more than ready, and I came almost immediately."
"Why did you start switch hitting?"
Lisa laughed deeply. "I love your turn of phrase. Joanie, Sydney, and I got really close really fast, and I knew about their relationship. It didn't take much for them to convince me to join in the fun - a drunken kiss, really, and before I knew it we were naked - and you've probably heard that women really know what other women want. It's true."
"Jesus H, that is something. I like the 'twin sister' kink."
"Yeah, they were something. I wonder how they are these days."
"So Wayne was a shitty lover, but by the time we met, you were this wild, crazy love machine. How did you get from one point to the other?"
"You won't believe it. It was our marriage counselor."
"Your marriage counselor? What the fuck?"
Lisa chuckled briefly. "Yep, our marriage counselor. Wayne and I went through a few sessions of counseling to see if there was any feeling left, although it was obvious from the start that there was nothing there anymore. When we stopped going to him, he contacted me and offered to help me in my own recovery, and that turned into a romance."
"That is unethical as hell!"
"Goddam right it is, but at the time I was lost and weak and completely lacking is self-esteem. He knew that and exploited it."
"So how does that explain your transformation?"
"He was a highly skilled and experienced manipulator. He knew just what to say, just what buttons to push, to get me to do what he wanted. I fell for him hard, and he used that to his advantage.
"Within a couple of weeks he had me out of my panties, and he was only the second man I had ever been with. He was an experienced lover and introduced me to things I never imagined. I got and gave my first head with him, I had my first orgasm with him, and along the way I discovered how enjoyable sex could be. He introduced me to Joanie and Sydney, although that was for himself, too. He liked to watch girl-on-girl action."
"You sound wistful."
"Don't worry, I'm not. He was a Grade-A prick, toying with my emotions and using his skills as a counselor to keep stringing me along. He would break up with me, then wait a couple of weeks to call me back, knowing I would be in a state and would come running back to him.
"What he didn't know was that I was actually becoming stronger, and eventually recognized him for what he was. When I finally told him to take a hike, he was shocked. But I had also realized how much I loved sex, so here we are."
"That's a hell of a story."
"I have to give credit where credit is due, and he taught me well. I'm glad I finally turned his own game on him." She turned to face Paul fully.
"You are a thousand times the man he was. You care more about my enjoyment than about your own, and that means everything. Plus you fuck better than anyone I've ever known."
Paul contemplated all that as they drove. Although they had been together for years, he loved discovering the different, deeper layers of who she was. There was no hint of jealousy; who she had become was what attracted him to her in the first place, and he was the beneficiary of that.
Lisa looked over at Paul. "Have you ever done it with more than one person at a time?"
The Early Days: Paul, Part 2
Paul smiled in remembrance. "Yeah, a few times. When I worked in DC I was dating this hot little Filipina nurse named Liz, and we were partying with a bunch of other people on a friend's boat near Annapolis. It was common for the women to lose their tops on the boat, and we were all drinking a lot. Things got kinda crazy. Bottoms started coming off, then the guys lost their trunks and the real fun started.
"Between the tits and the pussies and the cocks and skin and the booze and our normally amorous natures, the inhibitions faded, everyone started making out, and before too long the fucking and sucking commenced. Honestly, babe, it was like a scene from a porn movie, with everything from kissing to blowjobs to DP happening in various parts of the boat.
"At one point I was sitting back against the railing while Liz blew me, and because of her ass-high position one of the other guys slipped his dick into her from behind and did her doggystyle while she sucked my cock. She was in heaven because that had been a fantasy of hers for a long time and she loved male attention/ She told me later that she wished she had had a dick in her ass too, which was interesting because up to that point she had never done butt stuff."
"You didn't mind that?"
"Not a bit. The main reason we dated was because we were both just raging horndogs looking to get off, and she loved male attention because her ex hadn't given her much of it. She had a lot of annoying habits that got in the way of wanting anything deeper."
"That was for her. What about you?"
"This one other time with that same group we were all in the drunk and naked mode again and she and I were in a sweet 69. When we started dating, she had denied that I could make her cum with just my mouth, but once I demonstrated otherwise, she couldn't get enough of it.
"Anyway, my friend Christy came over and Liz sat up to talk to her while sitting on my face, and after she gave Christy's pussy a lick or two, Christy straddled my hips and sat on my dick. One pussy on my mouth, one on my cock, and they were making out with each other like champs. Pretty wild scene, and Christy got my load that time.
"One funny thing about that was that most of the crowd we were with were people I also worked with, so we would get naked and fuck on Dan's boat on Saturday but could go back to work with each other on Monday and do our jobs without a thought. I didn't have to imagine what the girls looked like under their business clothes, and every one of them was model beautiful.
"It was an interesting time, to say the least. Christy actually worked in the cubicle next to mine, and one of the other people fucking on the boat was my female boss. I used to amuse myself during department meetings by picturing her naked. The whole building was like one big fuckfest, with smart, educated, beautiful people doing what they wanted without playing games. You needed a scorecard to keep track of who was doing who."
"I'm sure you enjoyed it."
"I won't deny it. I gave good back and shoulder rubs and even knew a little about massage, so my reputation preceded me, and the women used "I have a stiff neck" to get my hands on their bodies. I got more than my share for sure."
"Do any of them stand out?"
"All of them do. You know how I am; I care more about your pleasure than about my own. I think they appreciated that about me because the other guys in the place were 'wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am' types who didn't care one bit about who they were fucking. I even fucked one of the senior vice presidents for a while, a cougar twenty years older than me. Another of the many VPs was fucking one of the owners, and she used to joke about keeping kneepads in her desk. The place was out of control."
"Oooo, kinky. Was your boss hot? How about this Christy person?"
"Yes and no. My boss' face was very angular, and her eyebrows were dark and heavy, which made her look angry all the time. She also carried herself in a tough, almost masculine, way. But she was fit and trim, with firm round tits, a nice ass, and a small, trimmed bush. She would only fuck her husband on those boat trips, and she loved doggystyle.
"Christy was like a lot of the others, tall and trim and lovely, with good curves and absolutely fabulous tits. She could have had pretty much any man she wanted, but she wanted them all and fucked damn near everyone. Sitting on my dick and taking my load meant no more to her than ordering a sandwich and on that boat she was basically a cum dump, so we were able to work together without jealousy getting in the way."
"Oh fuck, that it one hot story. What did Liz look like?"
"Small, tiny even, about five-one and a hair over a hundred pounds. Nut brown skin, a tiny little ass, but really small tits. I mean, almost completely flat chested. She was very self-conscious about her boobs and complained that I didn't pay enough attention to them."
"She must have been fun, though."
"For a time, yeah. She was an out of control sex machine and we did it everywhere, but eventually we both realized that our relationship was very shallow and we just drifted apart. Believe it or not, her demands for sex got to be too much."
Lisa laughed. "'Too much?' What the fuck is 'too much?'"
"She got mad and pouted if I couldn't keep it hard after fucking her for two days straight. One time we were in the pool at my apartment complex, with kids and families everywhere, and she insisted that I fuck her right then and there in the pool, and even had her bikini bottom halfway off when I stopped her. She got mad when I wouldn't do it.
"We even almost got busted by the cops once. We were driving back to my place one night and she insisted we stop and get it on, so I pulled into this parking lot. She took off her pants, lowered the seat back, and turned around, and I somehow got behind her and was about to ram it home when a car pulled into the lot and drove straight up to us.
"It was a private security guard making his rounds, and we somehow managed to get back into our seats before he got to my window. By pants were undone and my cock was still hard, so I pulled my shirt tails over my lap. Liz draped her pants over her naked lower half so it looked like a skirt, and I talked my way out of a trespassing charge. She wanted to pick up where we left off when he drove away, but I knew we would be tempting fate to do that and insisted we leave. The incident gave her such a thrill that as soon as we were back on the street she gave me road head and I came in her mouth at 70 miles an hour on I-95."
"Sounds like something you and I would do."
"I guess it does, yeah. But you and I are a lot more aware of our surroundings than she was."
"I still love doing it when someone might see us, and all this talk is making me way horny again. I love stories like this."
"I'm glad for that. Liz was a traveling nurse and had a month-long assignment in St. Louis, so we hadn't seen each other for a few weeks. I picked her up at BWI airport and she came waltzing into the pickup area wearing this short, pleated skirt. After our usual lip lock and ass grab, she whispers in my ear that she isn't wearing anything under the skirt. She told me she had been wearing a thong but had removed it in the plane's restroom shortly before landing and had flown the rest of the way with her ass and pussy covered only by the skirt, which was so short that it barely covered her ass when she walked.
"That immediately got me hard and she knew it, so as soon as we got to the car she dug out my cock and commenced to blowing me. She didn't stop even when I paid the parking toll to the dude in the booth, and I know he saw her head moving up and down in my lap. As soon as we left the airport I found an old abandoned building next to the tracks and parked, then we got in the back seat and she immediately sat on my dick. A train went by while we were fucking and I know the engineer got a great show for a few seconds."
"Oh my fucking gawd. We do shit like that and I love it."
"I do too, and here's another one for you. We were out with her friend, and Liz and I were riding in the back seat of her Escalade. Knowing what she was like I dared her to take off her panties, and sure as shit she did. She dared me to take out my dick, so I loosened my pants and pushed them down to the floor. Lix straddled my lap and fucked me right there as her friend rambled on about something while she drove. She was perpetually wet."
"Oh man, that sounds hotter than hot. I would love to do that."
"Oh yeah, me too. But she was very direct, there was no nuance to her. You're a lot better at edging me with a look or a little taste of what is coming. And tonight was a new one, even for us."

*********************

A long period of silence followed as Paul drove. Lisa finally spoke.
"I know guys are always measuring their dicks against what other guys have. Did you have any problem with whipping out your wood tonight?"
"Oh hell no. Most guys are within an inch or two of each other, and I don't care what anyone except you thinks of my cock. In any case my focus was on you."
"That's sweet. And I love your cock."
"How about you? You were giving them quite the view already, then got completely nekkid."
"I have nothing to hide either. To be honest, showing my body to them was a major turn-on. You think they like was they saw?"
"You saw their reaction. I think you gave them the thrill of a lifetime."
Lisa sat back again, a contented smile on her face. After a few minutes she released her seat belt and twisted to the left, then climbed between the bucket seats and into the back of their hatchback.
"Where the hell are you going?"
"I need to get something back here. Pay attention to your driving." Paul heard her trigger the seat back release on one side of the back seat, then the other. He heard the seat backs flop down. For a couple of minutes he heard rustling from behind him. "Do you want me to stop?"
"No. Keep driving." He did as he was told.
She was silent for a couple of minutes, then he heard the light in the cargo area click on and saw the reflected light. "OK, I'm ready now," she said.
Glancing in the rearview mirror, Paul was greeted by the sight of Lisa's pussy filling it. She had removed her sundress, underwear, and bra, and was lying on her back with her head toward the back of the car and her legs spread wide apart, her fingers spreading the lips of her pussy.
"NOW you can stop. Something needs filling up."

********************

The Parking Lot
"Fuckin' A tweety." Paul exclaimed, searching for a safe place to stop. He spotted the shadow of a building on the right, with a parking lot just past it. Stomping on the brakes, he veered into it and stopped, then threw the car into Park and turned off the ignition.
The Golf is a small car, so Paul got out and rushed to the back, opening the hatch and leaving it up. He was looking at the length of Lisa's body, her head nearest him, and quickly shed his shoes, pants, and boxers right there behind the car and left them on the ground. Climbing in with Lisa, he settled into a 69 position above her and buried his face between her welcoming thighs, immediately devouring her wet pussy like the feast it was. His elbows supported his weight while his hands cupped and spread her ass cheeks.Oh yes, I'm right where I belong,he thought.
"Ohgawdyes," Lisa murmured, taking his dangling rod into her mouth and applying her world-class blowjob skills.
They both loved doing 69; it combined so many pleasurable aspects at once as to almost overwhelm them. Naked skin against naked skin, bodies touching from head to groin, each giving the other such an intimate gift. Paul slobbered and licked, now running his tongue the length of her slit, then sucking on her prominent, sensitive clit.
Lisa was just as busy, her lips forming a perfect seal around his shaft as she stroked it with her hand. She was a world-class cocksucker, devouring his meat like a feast.
They continued to share their mutual meals for a few minutes, then she took her mouth off of him and said, "Let's finish outside." Paul rolled to one side as Lisa turned herself over and climbed out of the car, as naked as the day she was born. "Come on,' she commanded. "I can't do this alone."
Paul twisted himself out of the hatchback wearing only his shirt and moved behind Lisa as she leaned forward over the rear sill of the hatch, resting her weight on her extended arms with her feet on the ground. He pulled his shirt off and threw it in the car, so they were both completely naked.
He didn't need any further direction. Holding his cock like a probe, he moved in close to Lisa's delightful ass and guided it into her wet pussy. Grasping her hips, he began a rhythmic pistoning, pumping her and feeling his balls slapping against her as her ass cheeks shook with each thrust. He loved to look at her butt while fucking her, the crack between her exquisite buns perfectly delineating their expression of the feminine art. Even in the rural darkness she really did have a spectacular ass.
"Oh fuck yes I love this," Lisa intoned, her tits swinging in rhythm with the thrusting against her backside. A car would occasionally pass on the nearby highway, but the darkness and the angle of the view made it difficult - not impossible, but difficult - to see the nude couple doing some intense bent over banging against their car.
Lisa moaned again as she reveled in the fullness she experienced as he moved himself in and out more quickly, smacking against her ass loudly. "Ohfuckyesohfuckyes," she cried out into the darkness, feeling her orgasm building. "I'm almost there, don't stop."
Despite his own recent orgasm, Paul could feel his second cumming fast approaching. To make sure she came, he reached around her hip with his hand and began to diddle her easily palpated clit. She almost wept as the intensity finally peaked and she began to ride the wave of pleasure that washed over her. Grunting, Lisa let herself release and feel the rush of her wet orgasm just as Paul was filling her with his seed and emitting his own animalistic wail into he night. They both shook with the intensity of the moment, letting their respective orgasms subside before finally separating.
She turned to face Paul and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling his face to her for another toe-curling kiss. "I swear, every time we fuck it gets better," Lisa told him. "And your ability to get it up so soon is amazing."
"No big mystery there, my sweet," he answered. "You inspire me to ever higher levels of performance. Another long, deep kiss followed, their naked bodies pressed tightly together as they stood behind the car.
"What say we finally go home?" Paul asked, reaching for his pants and pulling them on without bothering with his boxers. Lisa grabbed her sundress from the back of the car and slipped it over her head, also not bothering with undergarments.
They got more or less dressed, then got into the front seats. Paul started the car and swung around in a U-turn to return to the highway. As they drove toward the building next to the lot, their headlights illuminated the sign in front of it:

Mingo Creek Baptist Church


Sunday Service 10.00 a.m.


All Are Welcome!

Paul had to stop the car as both he and Lisa doubled over in uncontrollable laughter at the idea that they had just had an epic, wild, outdoor naked fuck session in the parking lot of a fundamentalist church.
"Can you imagine how all those old ladies would react if they knew what we just did?" Paul asked, still laughing. Lisa had to wipe the tears from her eyes as she laughed.
The nights in that part of rural Pennsylvania were especially dark because of the sparse population and lack of commercial development, and George Anders was struggling to see his way down the highway. It was late and he was tired from his long day.
As he passed the church and its parking lot, he thought he saw something faint at the periphery of his vision. "Nah, that can't be," he thought, "I swear that looked like a naked woman getting banged from behind by a naked man. Can't be." George rubbed his eyes and redoubled his efforts to see. "Can't be."

***************************

The Deck
Lisa laughed again as she recalled that night. She turned to face Paul and leaned back against the railing. "Remembering all that is making me horny again. Lose the shorts."
Paul smiled. "Just can't get enough, can you?"
"Never. Drop them."
Paul hooked his thumbs into his waistband and pulled his shorts down and off, sitting back down in his chair.
"Now get it hard for me." He took his semisoft organ and began to rub it as directed. No longer a young man, his recovery from their earlier lovemaking took a bit longer and she was impatient.
"You need some inspiration?" she asked, pulling her shirt over her head and exposing her beautiful breasts while holding her gaze on him. The feeling of the breeze on her bare breasts was refreshing and exciting, like the kiss of her lover. The technique worked and he hardened quickly. "That's more like it,' she told him.
Stepping toward him, Lisa first removed her shorts - she was going commando - then turned around and straddled his legs. Lowering herself slightly she supported her weight with one hand on the arm of his chair and used her other hand to guide his now-rigid shaft unerringly into her dripping quim. He delighted at the sight of her ass cheeks framing the view of his cock as it slid into her.
"Aaaahhhhhhh yesssss..." she sighed. She put her other hand on the arm of the chair and began lifting and lowering herself on him.
Paul adored the feeling of her pussy around his cock; she knew how to use what she had, and it seemed that every time he entered her was the first time. He savored the warmth and wetness and could feel every lump, every furrow.
Paul brought his hands up and reached around her chest, grasping a breast in each hand. He kneaded them gently, squeezing her nipples between his fingers.
Lisa cooed contentedly. She loved to feel his practiced hands on her, so she sighed as she settled back against him, using a slight twisting of her hips to move her pussy on his pole. He kneaded her fleshy globes and occasionally pinched her prominent nipples between his fingers.
The picture they made was so typical of their insatiable desire for each other. On an open deck, fully visible from the lake and from the decks of the units around them, not wearing a stitch of clothing, her legs spread lewdly, his cock easing slowing in and out of her soaking snatch, his hands squeezing her generous breasts. They were connected at every level and completely lost in their own world. He licked her earlobe as their movements synchronized.
"Oh fuck, you know what that does to me," Lisa said, the skin of her arms raised in goose bumps.
"Then you'll like this." Paul moved his right hand down to her pussy and began gently rubbing her prominent clit.
"Shit shit shit." Lisa exclaimed. "You're gonna get me off way too quick." She squirmed and writhed against him and increased the pace of her hip motions. "I know you're not ready."
"Don't worry about me," Paul assured her. "This is about you, and after this morning you might be waiting far too long for me to finish."
"Well fuck, then," Lisa said, sitting up straight and supporting her weight on the arms of the chair. She quickened her pace and slammed up and down on his rigid staff.
Lisa felt a totality that was unique to their relationship, a oneness with the world as it were. Gazing at the beautiful scene before her, surrounded by the dense copse of trees, the warm sun caressing their bare bodies, it seemed that this was the natural state of things. And she was getting laid to boot. Again.
Existing pretty much in a constant state of arousal, it usually didn't take Lisa long to get off, and this was no different, As his rigid shaft plunged in and out of her, she soon felt the stirrings of yet another orgasm and redoubled her movements, whimpering as her pussy became engorged and finally reached the tipping point.
"Yesyesyesyesyes..." With a final whimper she slammed herself down onto him and held there as she shuddered through the orgasm washing over her. "Ohgodohgodohgodohgod..." Her head hung as if she was exhausted.
"Good god, man. You are just the best." Paul was still hard and still inside her, so she settled back into him again and closed her eyes while he returned to a more tumescent state.
Ten minutes later she stirred from her stupor. "Now you've worn me out. Do you think we could lie down for a couple of hours without you sticking that thing into me again?"
Paul laughed out loud. "Yeah, we can do that. It was a labor of love, but it wore me out too."
On the deck above them, Ashley Edwards had stepped out to take in the natural beauty of the area, the trees and the lake and the quiet. Hearing Paul and Lisa below, she watched as the pair removed their clothing, backing herself up until she was pretty sure she would not be seen if they happened to look up.
When Paul removed his shorts and began stroking himself, Ashley pulled her IPhone from her pocket and quickly unlocked it, opening the video function and extending it just far enough to capture the scene below. She watched as Lisa removed her shirt and approached Paul, then as she shed her shorts and lowered herself on his cock. As Lisa laid back against Paul and exposed herself completely, Ashley felt her panties becoming wetter and her breathing quickening.
When they were done, she stopped the video recording and rushed inside to share it with her husband, correctly predicting a night of reinvigorated passion.
*********************************

The rest of the day was spent lazily hanging around the condo and drinking wine, followed by a fine dinner at a local restaurant and more wine. After the hyperactive sexuality of their day, they fell asleep spooning, Lisa's sweet butt cheeks holding Paul's ever-ready rod, his hand cradling her full boob.
Even considering their frequent lovemaking and the previous day's activities, Lisa was not the least surprised to be awakened in the middle of the night by the feeling of Paul's growing cock pressing insistently into her butt crack from behind. She pushed her hips back toward him slightly and felt him respond by pulling her back against him with his hand on her hip.
"I would ask if that's a pistol in your pocket," she whispered, 'but you don't seem to have any pockets."
"A pocket wouldn't hold what I have for you, baby," he whispered back. His hand moved from her hip, across her lower abdomen, and through her neatly trimmed bush. He began using his fingers to rub her slit and occasionally stim her clit.
"You don't waste any time," she said with a smile as she used her own hand to press his pelvis more firmly against her.
"You're wet already."
"Baby, I'm always wet for you."
"It's part of your charm, yeah."
Their desire for each other never ebbed; their relationship was defined by sex as much as by anything else. Even with the frequency of their coupling, Paul could generally get hard multiple times a day and Lisa lived in a perpetually stimulated state, her pussy wet and ready for him.
Paul moved his hand to her leg and lifted it gently from the knee. Lisa knew what came next and smiled. Paul slid closer to her and changed the angle of his legs and pelvis. Lisa closed her eyes in anticipation as he reached down and guided his shaft into her. "Mmmmmmmmm..." she sighed as he began rhythmically plumbing the depths of her pussy with a slow, even pace. She reached down and rubbed her clit as he moved his hand up to fondle her breast.
Their gentle lovemaking continued for several minutes, Paul's staying power enhanced by the hours of rest and recuperation. He continued to gently fondle her breasts, first one then the other, kneading the soft flesh and toying with her sensitive nipples while she gently rubbed her swollen clit. The feel of her ass against him heightened the excitement.
Her sweet, tight wetness finally had the expected effect on his member, and he felt the familiar stirring in his balls. "Are you there yet?" he whispered.
"Don't worry about me," she replied. "Just fill me up."
He closed his eyes and rested his head against her neck. "Gladly," he moaned softly and gave into his final release, his hot juice pumping into her. She felt his wet warmth paint her cervix and felt the spasms of his cock as he emptied.
"Ohgodyes," she sighed. "I love to feel you cum like that." While mutual orgasms were delightful, they gave each other enough pleasure that even when only one came they both derived enjoyment from it.
"Ohfuckmethatwasgood" he exhaled in a torrent.
"Yeah it was,' she agreed. They fell asleep again with her leg draped over his and his semirigid cock still in her.

********************

The River
The area was laced with hiking trails, and many of the various creeks flowing into and forming the lake presented excellent opportunities to explore. They found a trail that ran along a large creek, with a low enough gradient to be enjoyable without requiring too much effort. The creek, really a small river, had enough flow to accommodate tubers. There were a few hikers out with them, enjoying the warm seasonal weather and the breathtaking surroundings.
A few miles into their hike the trail had risen to about 30 feet above the creek. The angle of the bank was suitable for climbing down toward the water, and the ground itself was dotted with rocks and fallen logs. With Paul leading, they climbed down to a spot with a flat rock about the size of a sofa, with an excellent view of the flowing water and that not visible from the trail above. They sat down and shared the electrolyte drink and Clif bar they carried when exercising.
"Oh man, this is sweet," Paul said. "Hard to believe there are housing developments less than five miles away."
Lisa smiled as she answered. "Don't you wish we could live in a place like this all the time?"
Paul sounded wistful. "I've thought about it more than once."
"We should really consider retiring here."
Paul turned to look at her. "Seriously? You like it that much?"
"Oh hell yes. Fresh air, trees, nature, beauty everywhere you look. What more could we want?"
"Something we could afford, for one thing. Prices must be sky high around here."
"I've checked. They're not as bad as you would think."
"I will definitely check into it."
"Here. Think about this." Leaning toward him, Lisa started planting kisses around the side of his neck and nibbled on his earlobe. His skin rose in goosebumps.
"Oh fuck," he sighed.
"Yeah, maybe." she answered with a chuckle. Her right hand snaked down over his thigh, and she started massaging his package through his shorts.
"If you think this is going to convince me..." he sighed.
"I don't need to do this to convince you," she answered. "I just want you." He turned to face her and she planted a long kiss on him, her tongue dancing across his teeth. She continued to knead his cock and balls, feeling him grow in her hand.
"Now for something completely different," she joked, quoting a line from Monty Python, a favorite of theirs. Sitting up, she grabbed the hem of her shirt and quickly lifted it over her head. As usual, she was braless and her round breasts stood proudly on her chest. Paul couldn't help but stare at them; they were as perfect a rack as he had ever seen. Firm with just the right amount of droop, they were delightful c-cup mounds of pure sexy.
And Lisa knew how to use them, like she knew how to use the rest of her body. Moving in front of Paul and facing him while standing, the slope put her tits right at his waist level. Deftly unfastening his shorts, she pulled on the waistband and Paul instinctively lifted his hips and she pulled them down to his ankles. His pole stood proud in his lap.
Leaning forward, Lisa used her hands to press her tits around his cock, and began moving them up and down, their warm, pillowy softness a unique and exciting experience. Her tits were perfectly sized and shaped for what she was doing, big enough to envelop his organ but not so large as to hide it. The sight of its head rhythmically poking up toward her face combined with the slight friction sensation was incredible. She smiled up at him.
"I can hear the people walking on the trail above us. Wouldn't they love to see this."
Paul laughed out loud. "Yeah, I think they would pay to see it."
Her boobs were truly works of art. Each the size of a half melon, they stood on her chest proudly but with just enough mature hang to give them the classic teardrop shape he so adored. Pale in tone with nipples and aureoles a few shades darker, his eyes were inexorably drawn to them whenever they were exposed, which was often.
"Sometimes I think you love me for my tits," she joked.
"You know better than that," he replied, "but I have to admit that you have a world-class rack."
They carried on their conversation, randomly going from subject to subject, really just passing the time as she continued to rub her magnificent tits around his steel-like rod. The friction and softness around his cock were having their intended effect and he eventually felt his balls starting to boil. "I'm almost there, babe."
"Where do you want to cum?"
Paul thought for a second. He had given her many pearl necklaces before and she had swallowed hundreds of his loads, and he had a sudden inspiration.
"I want to cum on those beautiful tits."
"As you wish, my love. Just say when." She continued her up and down movements, squeezing her glorious melons more firmly against his rod. After another minute he felt the inevitable result.
"Okay, I'm ready."
Lisa backed away slightly, releasing his shaft from her pillowy embrace and grabbing it with her right hand just as he began to shoot his load. The first spasm landed between her mounds as she gently stroked him, and she expertly guided the rest onto each in turn, The white streaks added a fine finishing touch to her bare chest. Paul gasped for air as his orgasm subsided.
"You are just the best."
Lisa smiled slyly. "Yeah, I am. I'm tempted to walk back to the condo topless."
Paul laughed heartily. "I know you, and I know you would do exactly that."
She gave a sly smile. "What will you do for me if I do?"
Paul considered her for a moment. He knew she had no trouble showing off her delicious body in public.
"If you walk back to the condo topless, I will eat your pussy for a full thirty minutes."
Lisa threw her head back and laughed. "You would enjoy that as much as I would."
"True. You up to the challenge?"
Lisa smirked at Paul. "Get that tongue ready, boy. You are so on."
And meet the challenge she did.
Needless to say, there were a lot of double takes and more than a few comments. Since it was mid-week there were no kids encountered, so Lisa was able to hike all the way back to the condo with her gorgeous tits proudly exposed. Her purposeful stride and straight ahead focus was intimidating enough to foreclose any untoward actions, and Paul's large presence next to her ensured her safety.
For his part, Paul was proud to be seen with such a brave, beautiful woman, and he smiled at the reactions of the couples they encountered and the fist bumps some of the men offered. As one couple passed them, he heard the woman say, "Well if she can...", and glanced back at them in time to see her pulling her sport bra up over her head.
Lisa lost count of how many times she came once they returned to the condo and Paul paid off the bet.

**************

Dirt Road
The obligatory family visit to her brother's cabin had cramped their style. Really no more than a large sleeping area above a living room and kitchen/dining area, the upstairs was arrayed like a hostel, with variety of single beds and cots that would accommodate ten people; this weekend found it full. It was used primarily as a hunting lodge by her brother and his friends, a real man cave kind of place, so privacy and comfort were not the focus. Their frequent lovemaking had come to a screeching halt.
"Fuck, I'm horny," she whispered to him as they shared the communal breakfast.
Paul smiled and whispered back, "So what's new about that?" She jokingly slapped his arm.
"I'm serious. We need to get out of here."
Paul looked into her eyes and saw the burning passion there. "Hey, Ron," he said, turning his attention to her brother. "Is that old stone building by the creek still there, the one that was a sawmill?"
"As far as I know," her brother answered. "I haven't been down that way in years."
"I think we're going to go do a bit of exploring today."
Her brother smiled in return as he knew his sister's nature and immediately deduced their real intention. "Sure. Enjoy," he answered.
After helping to clean up the residue of breakfast, Paul and Lisa immediately headed out of the cabin. Summers in Central Pennsylvania were hot and humid, so they were wearing shorts and t-shirts along with solid, ankle-high hiking boots. He loved the look of minimal clothing with boots, and the sight of her dressed like that stirred him.
"I love my family, but they get in the way sometimes, you know?" she intoned.
"Yeah. That's one audience that probably wouldn't appreciate watching us do what we do so well."
Lisa laughed, picturing her straightlaced Baptist sister and prudish brother-in-law watching them put on a personal porn show. They already thought that Lisa and Paul were promiscuous libertines, sinful beyond redemption. "Oh gawd, the idea of it is too outlandish to even picture." She took his hand as they walked down the lane and onto the dirt road leading from the house.
Even in the midsummer heat the surroundings were spectacular, with walls of oak and maple lining the road. Birds of every variety could be heard, and the gurgling of a small creek echoed. The road they were on served many of the encampments in the area; in fall the woods would be loaded with deer and turkey, making them a favorite location for the many hunters in that part of the country. As they rounded a curve that took them behind a small hill, Lisa stopped and dropped his hand.
Quickly glancing in both directions and listening closely to confirm they were alone, she quickly unfastened her shorts and pushed them and her panties down to her knees. Bending at the waist and grasping her ass cheeks, she looked over her shoulder at Paul and spread them to expose her already wet pussy and the brown bud of her ass.
"Fuck me right now. We don't have many chances like this at the cabin."
Paul was well aware of her predilection for fucking anywhere and everywhere, so he wasn't the least bit taken aback by her brazenness. He in fact reveled in it and was willing to indulge her at any time. Quickly loosening his own shorts and letting them fall to his ankles, he grabbed his already rigid cock and guided it into her wet. waiting pussy. She let out a soft moan as he entered her.
"Oh yes, just like that," she sighed. Paul grasped her hips and began pistoning in and out of her and she bounced back against him with every thrust, his cock framed by the cheeks of her amazing ass, their pent up passion evident in the feral nature of their coupling. He was mesmerized by the sight of the vibrations that flowed across her butt cheeks every time his pelvis slapped against her.
"Oh-oh-oh gaw-aw-awd yeh-eh-es," she rhythmically chanted in time with his thrusts as he relentlessly pounded her from behind. "You feel so fucking good in me." They continued like that for several minutes, both naked below the waist, standing in the middle of that dirt road and grunting as he drove himself harder and harder into her, totally lost in the scene they were creating and oblivious to the rest of the world.
Looking at him over her shoulder, she breathlessly said "Fuck me in the ass."
Paul didn't pause in his ministrations; while butt stuff wasn't a frequent part of their lovemaking, he had certainly penetrated her back door on several occasions.
"You sure?" he asked. "You're dripping wet, but I don't know if it's enough to get me into your butt."
Lisa smiled at him while he continued to slam her from behind. "I knew I wanted this, so I came prepared." Reaching down into the pocket of her shorts, she pulled out a small tube of K-Y and held it toward him. "Lube us both up."
His dick still pumping in and out of her dripping snatch, Paul opened the tube and squeezed a small amount directly onto the brown star of her ass, then capped the tube and slipped it back into the pocket of her shorts. Returning his attention to her ass, he rubbed the lube around her hole, then used his thumb to move some of it into her back door. While continuing to pump her pussy he sunk he thumb to its base into her ass and she sighed loudly.
"Oh my fucking gawd," she moaned. He could feel her sphincter slowly relax around this new insertion and began moving it in and out of her. Both of her lower holes were now receiving attention and she could feel her orgasm starting to build. "Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck..." Her mouth could put a sailor to shame when she was in the throes of passion.
Paul pulled his cock from her pussy and used the lube that had accumulated on his hand to coat his member. Lisa was still moving her hips rhythmically against him. "Oh gawd come on," whined plaintively. "I'm so fucking close."
Holding his erection, Paul slid it up and down quickly between her delightful butt cheeks to further spread the K-Y on it, then guided the head against her anus. Pushing slowly but firmly, he felt the initial resistance before feeling her sphincter yield and accept his rod. He went slowly enough to allow her ass to adjust to his size, eventually sinking its entire length into her as she gasped and closed her eyes. She reached between her thighs and began furiously rubbing her sensitive clit as he pistoned gently in and out of her butt.
After only a few strokes of his shaft, the stimulation of her vagus nerve finally pushed her over the top and she let the release come, the waves of orgasmic pleasure washing over her. Tears formed in her eyes at the intensity of the moment, the feeling intensifying as she felt Paul's hot cum shoot into her bowel. She sobbed in response.
Suddenly they both heard the sound of an ATV echoing off the forest walls, and she felt Paul start to withdraw his cock. "Don't you fucking move," she commanded. "I'm still coming down. Don't. Fucking. Move." The sound of the engine drew noticeably closer as they both panted.
"Jesus H. Peterson," she gasped. "We have to do that more often. I came so hard I thought I was going to pass out."
"I know, but..."
"But nothing. Just give me a minute." Paul smiled at the picture he imagined they presented, standing in the middle of the road with their pants down and his softening cock still in her ass.
The sound of the approaching ATVs finally grew too loud to ignore and seemed to be just around the next bend in the road. Lisa reluctantly moved forward off of Paul's shaft and they both pulled up their shorts, getting them to their waists just as a pair of quads came roaring toward them in a cloud of dust. The drivers slowed as they passed the pair, looking curiously at the strangers fastening and adjusting their clothing. The vehicles sped away.
"They don't know what they just missed," opined Paul with a smirk.
"Well, I know what I didn't miss. I think I'm still cumming," answered Lisa.

*****************

The Video
"You know what we've never done?
"There's a lot of things we haven't done, but I need you to narrow it down for me," Paul replied with a laugh.
"I'm talking about our favorite hobby."
"OK, that helps, but let me think on it for a second. There's not much we haven't done there."
"Oh, I'll just tell you. We've never made our own porn movie."
Paul reflected briefly. "Ya know, you're right. We've taken enough pics, but never made a movie."
"I wanna make one. Or some. Or many."
Paul chuckled. "Why this sudden interest in making porn?"
"A couple of reasons. We like to show off, but we've never been able to watch ourselves fucking. I want to be able to watch us, kind of relive the excitement, but as a spectator."
"You said a couple of reasons."
"I want other people to see it."
"You mean like the vacation slide shows our parents used to do with friends and relatives? 'This is the time he fucked me in the ass in the middle of a dirt road.' You mean like that?"
Lisa gave a deep laugh. "That would be fun, but I was thinking more of posting it online, like with Only Fans or Voyeurweb. People pay good money to watch other people fuck, so we could make some cash while still doing what we love to do."
Paul thought for a few seconds. They had sex in public frequently, enjoying the thrill that came with the danger of discovery. This seemed like the next logical step since the audience would actually be looking for stuff like this. It didn't take him long to decide.
"So you would be OK with anyone in the world watching us fuck? What if someone in your family found it?"
Lisa gave a quick scowl. "Come on. We've fucked with a close-up audience and do it all the time where we might be seen. And if my family sees it, they were looking for it. Remember what kind of people I have in my family."
Paul laughed "I'm game then. What did you have in mind?"
"The fucking part is easy, but how do you actually make a video of it?"
"There are a number of ways. The pros have a dedicated camera person or hold it as they direct the action. Some people just use the webcam built into a laptop or phone, like those girls who strip online or post to Only Fans. Other times the guy might use something like a GoPro strapped to his head that gives what's called a POV, or point of view shot of a blowjob or some kind of doggystyle. Sometimes they just use their phones. Any or all of those can be used together."
"How do those people last so long? Some of them fuck forever before nutting."
Paul let out a wry chuckle. "Repetition, Viagra, and editing."
"Editing?"
"Editing. If they have the same action from multiple angles, they can edit them together. They might splice in the same shot repeatedly. Ten minutes each from three different angles is a half hour performance. Sometimes in the pro stuff they use stunt bodies or edit in footage from other shoots."
"Stunt bodies?"
"Yep. Let's say the female star has the look you want but doesn't do the butt stuff the viewers want. They actually have another actress who does do butt stuff arranged in such a way that that the ass taking the dick doesn't belong to the face of the star, but it looks like the star is taking it in the butt.
"Sometimes the faces of the performers are shot separately from the fucking, making the video longer. Sometimes they just splice in other actors. They used to use fluffers, girls who would blow the male actors between takes to get them up repeatedly. And when you fuck as much as they do, nutting can take a while."
"Like when you're able to fuck me more than once and you last so long," Lisa commented.
"Yeah, like that. And the guys cheat in other ways too. In the old days of porn you'd see rock hard boners standing proud because they were the real thing, but these days you see a lot of overly large, semi rigid meat that's enhanced by collagen injections. There's even a subgenre of porn focused on oversized dicks. In the military I spent a lot of time showering with other guys, and believe me, there is just not that much tube steak on most of them. Hell, according to doctors, the average hardon is less than six inches long.
"The stunt cocks in porn do have larger ones, but notice how they're all very lean and usually muscular, with manscaped dicks. Low body fat and no pubes makes the dick seem longer. Those guys are cast specifically because they are larger than most of us."
"Well, that's disappointing. And as much as I love having your cock in me, I can't imagine one of those enormous things in my mouth, pussy, or ass. Yours is plenty for me, thank you very much."
"It's only disappointing for some people," Paul chuckled. "Sometimes they shoot so close up that you really can't tell whose mouth, pussy, ass, or dick it is. Back in the seventies there was this one actress, Marie Forsa, who had this cute onscreen look and simulated naked sex really well. But the actual penetration shots, including blowjobs, were shot so close in that you couldn't see her whole face. The mouth or pussy could have belonged to anyone, and to this day people debate whether she actually did any of the actual fucking and sucking."
"That's cheating."
"Yes and no. People buy the vids because they want to see the people in it, and they get to see hardcore shit. Everybody wins. They're not going to sue the producers for fraud since it's porn anyway. The high quality stuff from producers like MissaX is all real and almost cinema quality, even if certain body parts are, um, 'enhanced'."
"The real thing is so much better."
"Yeah it is. So what did you have in mind?"
"You know what? I love it when you bang me from behind, but I obviously can't see the action. I would love to watch you actually fucking me doggystyle."
"Oh baby, you know how much I love doggystyle."
Lisa laughed. "Oh yes you do. I wanna see you do it."
"That's an easy one. We can use my GoPro or phone and get it from different angles."
"Oh fuck that's making me wet. Where would the camera be?"
"If we want different angles I can just hold it in one hand."
"Oh fuck yes let's do that."
"As you wish," Paul laughed, imitating Cary Elwes in The Princess Bride.
Lisa slapped him on the arm. "You and your stupid movies. When can we do it?"
"Right now. Let me get the camera while you get naked. We can do it right here on the couch."
Lisa felt her pussy moistening in anticipation. They fucked anywhere and everywhere, so doing it on the couch was not at all unusual. She quickly stripped off her shirt and dropped her shorts and panties, kicking them aside. She sat on the couch just as Paul came back into the room.
"How do you want me?"
Paul paused for a moment. Despite their years together, his heart still raced as the sight of her naked. She looked so prim and proper with her knees together and her hands folded in her lap, but her beautiful breasts were proudly displayed between her arms, and let's face it, they were about to make their own porn movie. He quickly regained his composure.
"Easy one, babe. Just turn yourself around and push your sweet ass backwards. Are you wet?"
"Baby, you know me, I'm always wet for you. Are you hard?"
Paul smiled. "The idea of fucking you on camera has me up already, yes." He held his arms away from his sides to display the tent in his shorts.
Lisa sighed expectantly, then turned and rested her crossed arms on the back of the couch and pushed her body backwards slightly to make her butt more prominent. "Like that?" she asked.
"That is too fucking perfect, yes."
Paul quickly undressed and moved in behind her, turning his GoPro on.
"It's showtime, folks."
Lisa giggled. "You should be on TV. You think there's a show for what we're gonna do?".
Paul laughed too. "Maybe we can start one, call it Fuck TV."
"Starring us."
"But of course!"
Lisa looked over her shoulder in anticipation as Paul stepped in close. As he aimed the camera, he used his free hand to reach under her and run his finger the length of her slit, with a quick exploratory poke into her vag. Lisa closed her eyes as his expertly caressed her wide-open pussy.
Paul decided to add a bit of suspense and stood to one side, using his right hand to repeatedly rub her sopping box and holding the camera in his left hand to record it all. He rubbed her juices up and across her butthole and she gasped.
"Come on, you fucker. You know I want more than that."
Paul chuckled. "So do I, my love. So do I." He ran his wet finger up and over her sweet little rosebud again, eliciting an exasperated gasp.
Grasping his hard cock with his free hand, Paul moved even closer and slid its head through her dripping slit. As it came to her opening, he smoothly inserted it and pushed it forward until it was completely buried in her. He slowly withdrew until just the head remained in her.
"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh yeeesssss," Lisa moaned. "That's so, so good."
Paul was mesmerized by the view before him and almost forgot to aim the camera. Lisa's perfect apple bottom ass filled the viewfinder, with her delightful cheeks framing his veined rod. He pushed into her again and began a slow, rhythmic movement. The light was perfect, and he could see every vein and ridge on his rock-hard shaft as it pumped in and out of her, her labia stretching around him, her light brown butthole just above.
"Oh goddam yes," Lisa moaned. "I swear it feels like our dick is up to my throat." She moved with him, their bodies slapping together as their pace unconsciously quickened. "I can feel your balls hitting my clit."
Lisa's sizeable breasts were hanging below her and swing in rhythm with their thrusting, so Paul slowly panned the camera up along her side, getting most of her upper body into the shot and holding specifically on her tits. He panned back to her waist, then tilted it slowly. The crack of her perfect ass came into view, and he eventually returned to the starting point.
Paul zoomed the camera slightly to fill the frame with his rod thrusting in and out of her, then zoomed back out. Tilting it, he panned slowly along her body, giving proper attention to the entirety of her. When they watched porn together - something they did quite often - some of his favorite scenes included whole body shots that showed who was actually doing the fucking instead of just showing a screen full of genitalia. Sex was an art to him, and her naked curves were a masterpiece.
Lisa's orgasm was already building and she had begun to sway more forcefully, the cheeks of her delightful ass shaking as it slammed against him. Paul unconsciously increased his own pace and energy, his free hand resting on her hip to enhance the physical connection.
"Oh fuck yes," Lisa moaned. "I'm almost there."
Paul was also approaching release but held back long enough for her own to wash over her. "UUUUGGGGHHHH!" she cried out loudly as she came. "Yesyesyesyesyesyes..." Paul held tightly against her, his shaft buried completely in her, her wetness actually dripping off his balls.
As her orgasm subsided, Paul starting pumping in and out of her again, albeit a bit more gently because of her now hypersensitive pussy. He was so close to nutting that it only took a few strokes to bring him to completion, and just as he started to spasm he pulled out of her and grabbed his cock with his free hand, aiming it at her world class butt cheeks. Rope after rope of his goo sprayed out, painting her backside.
"Oh yeah oh yeah, I love that," Lisa said. "That is so fucking hot."
He was gasping for air and took a minute to catch his breath before remembering to turn off the camera. Looking toward Lisa's face, their eyes met and a spark, a remnant of the fire that always burned in them.
"Oh. My. Gawd." Paul whispered huskily. "I hope the camera caught how intense that was.'
"Well throw me that towel and let's watch it!" Lisa commanded. They knew their bodies and always kept a towel handy when fucking on the furniture. Paul handed it to her, and she wiped his cream off her ass then turned and sat up.
"Come on! I wanna see it!"
Paul slipped his boxers on and sat down, then reached for his laptop. Removing the SD card from the camera, he inserted it into the appropriate slot on the computer and accessed the file. The movie began with the shot of Paul's hand stroking her wet pussy.
"Shit! My ass looks enormous!"
"It's only the perspective," Paul answered. "It's what's closest to the camera.'
Lisa heard herself demanding he fuck her, then watched as he guided himself into her.
"So that's what you see when we do it doggystyle?"
"That's exactly what I see, yeah. It's a beautiful sight."
She looked at him. "You really think so?"
He looked back into her eyes. "Yes. Your ass is as perfect as the rest of you."
Lisa briefly reflected that being a good lover meant more than being able to fuck or eat her to orgasm, that his loving and caring attitude made it so much better. She was actually moved.
She returned her gaze to the screen and watched as the camera first focused on her butt framing his plunging member before panning along her body and her swinging tits.
"You get quite a show when you fuck me that way."
'That's one reason I love to do it like that," Paul answered. "I get to see almost all of you, from your sweet ass to your sexy curves to your naked back to your great tits and your beautiful face when you turn to talk to me. I even love the way your little butthole winks at me and the way your butt cheeks vibrate when you slam against me."
Lisa watched the rest of the movie, mesmerized. When she heard herself come on the recording she felt the excitement again, and she actually clapped when Paul pulled out and sprayed his load on her ass.
"Oh fuck, that was fabulous. Watching porn is one thing, but seeing you actually fucking me takes it to another level. We need to do more of this."
"I agree, and we can really mix it up. Cowgirl and reverse cowgirl work well for video, and of course POV blowjobs are always a hit."
Lisa mock pouted. "What about when you eat me? Don't we get to see that?"
"Of course we do. This is just the beginning."

*************

The Window
"Pssst."
Standing in front of their condo watering the flower bed, Paul heard the sound she made and turned, looking into the window where Lisa knelt on the couch. Although only her head and shoulders were clearly visible against the dark background of the room, he could tell she was naked. He took in the sight of her heart shaped face and the slight swell at the tops of her breasts, an enticing smile on her face, framed by the open window.
"I want you to eat me."
"Well alrighty then!" He quickly dropped the hose and bound up the steps and into the house.
Turning toward the living room has saw Lisa on the couch, naked as he expected and sitting against the back of the furniture in front of the window. Her legs were spread lewdly, her hands toying with her ripe pussy, spreading the lips and exposing the engorged tissues. He even noticed how her breasts stood proudly on her chest.
"Comerecomerecomerecomere," she commanded. "My pussy is hungry and only you can satisfy it."
None of what was happening surprised Paul, not her nudity or her pose or her demand. Sex was an all-consuming passion with them, with something happening nearly every day, sometimes more than once. Their fire was always burning. The kids being old enough to spend entire days out of the house with their friends helped, too.
Paul wasted no time. In a few quick steps he reached the couch and dropped to his knees in front of her, putting his hands behind her knees and pushing them higher, further exposing her snatch. He immediately buried his face in it, knowing exactly what she wanted and how she wanted it.
"OOOOOO GGGGAAAAWWWWDDDD YYYEEESSS!" Lisa shrieked as his tongue penetrated her. "JUST LIKE THAT!"
Paul ate like a starving man, licking her from the taint to the clit and back, then inserting his tongue as far up her canal as he could. He used the to part her labia, then slid the rough surface over her hypersensitive clit to draw it out of its hood.
"Fuckyesfuckyesfuckyesfuckyes" Lisa cried out, her eyes closed and her head thrown back. "You are so fucking good at that."
Paul was a cunnilingus master, a real Jedi. He loved eating pussy, its intimacy such a gift to his lover, and Lisa's box was particularly tasty. He loved every sensation about it, from the snatch itself to her creamy thighs round his face to her glorious ass just below his chin. Eating pussy was Nirvana to him.
He slid his right hand down the underside of her thigh and inserted his pointer finger into her vag, moving it round and occasionally curling it upward to rub that most sensitive of areas within while his tongue and lips focused on stimulating her now engorged clit. Lisa groaned in pleasure. He added his middle finger and moved them in and out together, varying his hand movement.
"Oh jesus that's good," Lisa cried out. "Oh oh oh oh yes yes yes!"
"Jesus Christ, Lisa! What the hell are you doing?"The shouted voice of her friend Heather carried in through the open window behind her. Lisa opened her eyes and told Paul to stop his ministrations, then turned on the couch to put her face in the window, hiding the rest of her body.
"Hey, girl. Wassup?"
"I was just walking by and heard you moaning. Are you OK?"
Lisa chuckled to herself. "Yes, I'm fine. We were just, um..."
"Oh holy shit," Heather said. "Do you two ever stop fucking?"
"Not unless we have to," Lisa answered with a laugh. "But we weren't actually fucking."
"Yeah, sure," Gloria huffed. "Cripes, you two are insatiable."
"You say that like it's a bad thing."
"Do you stop to eat?"
"'Eat' is a pretty loaded term around us, Heather."
Heather actually cracked up over that one. "Yeah, I guess I should have known better." She laughed again.
Paul had not been idly standing by as the ladies conversed. Positioned as she was, Lisa's perfect ass was a showpiece, proudly hanging in space right in front of Paul. He couldn't resist running his hands over the fabulous globes, now gently rubbing and then running his fingers up over her spread pussy and the starfish of her butthole. Lisa shuddered each time he did that, and struggled to maintain a normal demeanor when he inserted first one, then two fingers into her vagina and his thumb pressed against her ass.
"So where are you headed?" Lisa asked innocently, trying not to give away the attention Paul was paying to her nether regions.
"I'm going to that farmer's market I heard about, the one over at the park."
"Oooo, I wanted to do that tooOOOOOO!!!...her voice rose several octaves as she felt Paul slide his stiff rod into her from behind.
"Are you OK, Lisa?"
"Yeah, I'm good," Lisa replied with a slight shake to her voice. She was torn between talking to her friend and the feeling of Paul rhythmically pumping her from behind.
"You want me to pick up anything for you?" Heather asked.
"Yeah, I could probably used some...um...uh..." she momentarily closed her eyes and lost herself in the sensations brought on by Paul's actions, his pelvis slapping against her shapely ass.
"For chrissake, Lisa, are you at it again?" Heather couldn't see past Lisa's face, but her reactions and her slight fore-and-aft movement were obvious signs of sexual activity.
Lisa opened her eyes and looked at her friend. "My girl, you have no idea how good he is."
Heather chuckled. Her own existence had been pretty devoid of passion since her divorce, and in truth she was more than a bit jealous of her friend and the constant attention she got from her mate. She looked back at Lisa and sighed.
"You are one lucky girl."
"I...can't...disagree...with...that..." Lisa answer in rhythm with Paul's repetitive thrusts. She closed her eyes again.
Heather felt her face flushing and her panties moistening. "I...I think I'll get going then," she said hesitantly.
"OK...we'll get together soon..." Lisa gasped, arching her back as her body built toward her orgasm, exposing her beautiful breasts in the window.
"Sweet fucking mother..." Heather sighed to herself as she finally tore herself away and continued down the sidewalk.

*************

The Club
Fuck me, it's hot. I have GOT to get this AC fixed or replace this tired bitch,Paul mused. His aging VW Golf was behaving like the older, overused beater it was, and he had been putting off spending big bucks to repair it. He was returning from an out of town trip conducting training at a branch office and was meeting Lisa at a local dance club, Doctor P's. They took advantage of their leisure time and lived hard; Lisa was a great dancer and they were excellent partners.
The parking lot was large but crowded, indicating a capacity crowd at the nightspot. Parking in a far corner of the lot, Paul loosened his tie and the collar of his dress shirt as he approached the door. Nodding to the familiar face of the muscular guy controlling the entrance, he strolled into the noisy, steamy environment. He spotted Lisa immediately and stood in the shadows to enjoy the view.
She was front and center, dancing with one of her male coworkers while the mixed group she had come with gyrated around them. Paul had no problem with her sharing a dance with another man; he knew who she was going home with, and he frankly got a kick out of watching other men come on to her.
Eyes closed and lost in her own world, Lisa danced with every part of her body. Hips swaying, her sweet ass moving back and forth, her hands alternately ruffling her hair and sliding down over her hips, she moved with a sleek gracefulness. Now and then she would move in close to her dance partner, seeming to send an enticing signal but remaining just out of the range of his hands. Paul could see that her moves were exciting the guy, and he smiled as he remembered how well she controlled a situation that was already enflamed by her innate sexiness.
Her clothing that night was all part of the package, a light summer dress with a loose skirt, white with slashes of violet. The skirt flowed with her movements, the fabric swinging around her. She wore simple slingback shoes of the same violet hue. She was a vision.
As Paul took in the scene, Lisa happened to glance in his direction. With a shriek she dashed to him, her face lit up in a wide smile, her eyes afire. Leaping into his arms, she wrapped her legs around him and grasped his neck, mashing her lips against his as her tongue insistently probed his mouth. She finally broke the kiss.
"About fucking time you got here!" she exclaimed. "I haven't seen you for three days!"
"I know, baby, I know," Paul replied. "I missed you too." Their lips met again, their tongues dancing as they tried to devour each other. Their nightly FaceTime masturbation sessions had not nearly satisfied their desire for each other.
Releasing her legs, Lisa dropped to her feet and grabbed Pal's hand. "Come on, we have a lot of catching up to do." She pulled him towards the door. As they rushed out of the building she asked, "Where did you park? I rode with Jennifer."
"To the right, around the corner of the building." She pulled him in that direction.
Spotting his car, she gave him directions. "Unlock the door for me." Paul reached into his pocket and keyed the remote. The lights on the Golf flashed.
Lisa grabbed the passenger door handle and opened the door, but before getting in she reached under her skirt and quickly removed her lacy white panties and threw them into the back seat of the car. Getting into the passenger seat, she lifted her ass slightly and pulled the ham of her dress up to her waist, then triggered the seat release and moved it all the way back on its rails. She pulled the lever on the side and dropped the seat back to a more reclined position.
"Get your ass in here," she commanded. "I need the real thing, and I need it now." Paul climbed in facing her and knelt on the floor between her widespread knees, then unfastened his pants and pushed them and his boxers to his knees and wrestled them onto his calves. Lisa spread her knees wide and Paul hooked his arms under them and moved her feet up to his shoulders, bending her almost in half. Though not as young and flexible as she once was, she loved this position because it allowed him to plunge as deeply as possible into her.
Paul grabbed his now iron-hard rod and guided it straight toward her soaked pussy, sliding it expertly between her engorged lips and into her opening. Paul immediately pushed it all the way into her, feeling every sensation, every wrinkle, and the blazing heat she was giving off. As wet as she was, there was no friction. He immediately began pistoning in and out, pounding her pussy and shaking her entire body as his balls slapped rhythmically against her spread ass.
"Ohmygawdyesfuckme." Lisa cried. "Give me every inch of that lovely dick." This was not gentle lovemaking; this was out of control, sweaty monkey sex, animalistic coupling that perfectly fit their needs. This was fucking in its most elemental form.
Paul never tired of the feeling of her pussy encasing his cock. Its every nerve was alive, the glans and its neck beyond sensitive. The deep heat of her vagina was palpable, almost a burning, his cock a temperature probe. The sensation was bringing him to release quickly.
"Goddam, you're hot," he told her.
"You don't need to sweettalk me, lover," she answered breathlessly. "Not when you're already balls deep in me."
Paul chuckled. "I'll always sweettalk you, babe, but I meant that your pussy is absolutely on fire."
"Of course it is. It's been burning up for you, and you need to quench that flame."
Lisa looked down to where their bodies joined, reveling in the sight of his hard shaft plunging in and out of her.Ohmygawd, he's right. That is so fucking hot,she thought.
Their lips mashed together, their tongues dancing and probing as they grunted like animals. He pumped harder and harder, both of them dripping sweat in the oppressive humidity. No breeze cooled their ardent exertion, even with the open car door.
The open car door.
Lost in their own world, they paid no attention to privacy and cared about it even less. Their pleasure was all that mattered, and if someone saw them, so be it. It certainly wouldn't be the first time they had fucked in public and would not be the last.
"Oh yeah baby, I'm gonna cum," she gasped, her pelvis thrusting to meet his every push, his sweaty balls slapping against her equally sweaty ass. "Yesyesyesyesyes..." she moaned.
"Soon, baby, soon" he told her. "I'm almost there." He too could feel his approaching release, that deep stirring in his nuts that signaled a load on the way. He intensified his machinelike pushing.
Lisa let out a high pitched squeal as her pussy began pulsing and she gripped him to her tightly. Paul pushed his entire length in, pressing his pubic bone against hers, and sensed his own orgasm rushing to its conclusion. He boiled over, shooting rope after rope of his cream into her and painting her cervix. She could feel the pulsing of his balls against her ass.
They lay together like that, entwined in each other's arms, a long, gentle, lingering kiss joining them together.
"Oh fuck, that was good," Lisa finally sighed. "Gawd, I missed you."
"I hate being away from you, too,' Paul replied. "I love you." Lisa pulled him in for another deep, romantic kiss.
"I need a drink, though," she said. "I can't decide between a Sloe Comfortable Screw Against the Wall or Sex on the Beach." Paul laughed at the double entendre; though both drinks were delicious, Lisa had an uncanny ability to attach sexual meaning to almost anything. "And I'm going to go commando for the rest of the night."
Paul chuckled at her brazen nature and felt a new stirring in his loins; the idea of her being naked under her dress while they danced and partied, his goo running down her thighs, painted an exciting picture and he knew the night held more adventures. He untangled himself from her limbs and climbed out, pulling up his pants and fastening the waistband and belt. Lisa got out of the car and shook her skirt back into place, and they held hands as they returned to the club. Paul couldn't keep his hands off Lisa's ass knowing that only the thinnest layer of fine fabric separated his fingers from her bare skin.
Several people had passed within viewing distance of their car while they were occupied in it, most of them intent on getting into the club. Ashley Burns thought she heard a noise on her left and turned her head towards it.
"Holy shit! Justin, you have to see this!" Her date, Justin Adams, joined her and followed her gaze.
"Jesus H! Are they doing what I think they're doing?"
"Uh, yeah!" Two cars over they could see a VW Golf with the passenger door open and a couple bumping uglies in the front seat. The woman's dress was pushed up to her waist and her feet were on a guy's shoulders as he fucked her brains out, his hips relentlessly pumping like a machine as his dick pistoned in and out of her. They were lost in each other and oblivious to whatever else was going on in the world.
Ashley and Justin continued to watch, intrigued by the sight of public sex before them. After a few minutes they saw the couple press tightly together and tense up, correctly guessing that someone was getting filled up. Grabbing Justin by the arm, Ashley pulled him away and toward the front door.
"OK, that was, uh, unexpected," Justin stammered.
"Don't get any ideas, buddy," Ashley retorted. But she could feel the moisture in her own loins and for the rest of the night kept thinking about the show they had just been treated to.

*************

The Chat
"Haven't you ever done it where someone could see you?"
"Oh gawd no!"
Gloria's emphatic reaction made Lisa laugh. She and Paul were having a FaceTime session with Gloria and her husband Dave, they regularly used the technology to enhance their frequent visits.
"You should try it. It's really exciting knowing that someone might be watching."
"And I suppose you have?"
"You suppose correctly. We do it all the time."
"Such as?"
Lisa glanced at Paul, who was following the conversation with a sardonic smile. "Oh girl, damn near everywhere. The car, the pool, the deck, the hot tub. In parks, once even in a cemetery, another time right next to the road. You know that couch we have in front of the big window in our living room? That's one of our favorite spots."
"You have got to be kidding!"
"I kid you not. I'm telling you, it gets me off like no one's business, watching cars and people go by while he pounds me from behind."
"I don't believe this conversation."
"If I'm lying, I'm dying. I'm rubbing his cock right now."
Gloria's eyes widened on the screen, and David broke down laughing.
"No you're not!"
"I am." She turned to Paul. "Stand up," she commanded. Paul did as he was told, his crotch now eye level to Lisa as she slowly rubbed the quite prominent bulge in his shorts. She turned back to the camera.
"See?"
"You're scandalous."
"Oh, don't be a prude. It's not like you and I were angels in our partying days." She continued to rub Paul's growing cock through his clothes.
"That was almost twenty years ago!"
"And?"
"And at least one of us grew up!"
"And one of us still has fun. Watch This." Turning her face toward Paul, Lisa unzipped his shorts, and reaching into it fished his now hard cock out of the fly. He knew her, knew how far she would go, and was quite frankly very turned on by what he knew was coming. Lisa held it in her fist like a microphone. She turned back to the screen and laughed at Gloria's shocked expression.
"Oh child, you look like you just saw your first cock!"
"I just don't believe you're doing this." They could see David behind her, engrossed in the image on their screen.
"Believe it. But wait, there's more." With those words, Lisa turned her head toward Paul and took his rod into her mouth, all the way to the root. Retreating back up its length, she began to use her superior cocksucking skills to make love to every inch of it, now running her tongue around the sensitive are just below the swollen head, then bobbing a few times on it, her lips forming a perfectly seal.
"Jesus christ, Lisa!," Gloria exclaimed.
Lisa took her mouth off of Paul's shaft and continued to stroke it as she turned to the camera. "You like that?"
Gloria felt a mixture of shock and even offense, but she couldn't deny the warmth she also felt in her own pussy. She swallowed hard. "I...uh..."
Lisa gave a short laugh. "I have never seen you speechless."
Gloria regained her composure. "I never saw you do your own porn show before."
Lisa smiled. She remembered how she and Gloria had been in their younger, hard partying days.
"Then let's make this a real show." She looked up at Paul. "Tell me before you cum," she instructed, then redoubled her efforts. His cock gleamed with her saliva, and every vein stood out prominently. She stroked it with her right hand while her expert mouth brought the inevitable result.
"Money shot, babe," Gloria heard him say.
Lisa took her mouth off of him and stroked him quickly, her face six inches away from the tip. They could hear Paul's breathing quicken, then heard him let out a series of grunts as rope after rope of his man juice shot forward and painted Lisa's face from forehead to chin. She opened her mouth to capture at least some of it, but overall it was a scene worthy of a professional clip. Her stroking slowed and she eventually released him, knowing how sensitive the glans was right after he came. She turned back to the camera, his goo still covering her pretty face.
"Enjoy the show?"
Gloria stammered. "I...I...I don't know what to say."
Lisa wiped a finger through one of the strands of cum on her cheek and sucked it off. "Then don't say. Just do. I guarantee it's worth it. We're gonna sign off now, I gotta get him hard again so he can fuck me properly. Later girl." Lisa logged off the chat and began cleaning her face with a towel.
"You think I overdid it?" she asked Paul.
"I expected no less," he answered, tucking his now tumescent member back into its cloth prison. "But you know her better than I do. How do you think she's gonna react?"
"I think she's gonna think about it for an hour or so, then she's gonna call me to talk more about it. There's a lot of the old Gloria still hiding in there and I think Dave's life is about to get a lot more interesting."

*************

The Spa
Even in the context of their robust sex life - five to ten times a week was their norm - this trip had been a fuckfest of epic proportions. Every square inch of every hotel room had been used to satisfy their endless hunger for each other. Beds, floors, showers and tubs, sinks, even windowsills and balconies, had supported hands or knees or asses or backs and provided a stage for their activities. The back seat of their rental car had seen more action than a teenager at a drive in.
They were taking a break from sightseeing, relaxing in the motel's outdoor hot tub. The day and setting were perfect - temperatures in the mid-seventies, cloudless skies, the grounds a mixture of small trees, bushes, and buildings that absorbed much of the sound from the busy street nearby. They could be seen from any of a hundred angles, but they were so wrapped up in each other that they might as well have been on the dark side of the moon. They were seated next to each other, with water up to their necks and their hands resting in the other's thigh. Comfortable and so very calming.
"This is about perfect, huh?" Lisa opined.
Paul turned his head to face her. He loved to look at her, at the way her blond hung casually and framed her heart-shaped face, at her relaxed, unlined features. He couldn't get over her resemblance to Princess Di, at least with her hair done this way.Pushing forty and she still looks fifteen years younger,he thought.And she loves sex even more than I do.Damn, life is good.
"Oh, yeah. Couldn't be better."
"Think so?" she asked with a sly smile.
He could feel her hand begin to move on his leg, first to the inside of his thigh, then to the top. With each movement, she inched her hand closer and closer to his junk, so near that he could feel himself starting to react. Her head back and her eyes closed, a small smile crossed her face as she finally reached over and completely briefly enveloped his package in a firm grip. She hooked a single finger under the hem of his trunks, and lifting it slightly, she reached into the leg of the trunks and tickled the head of his cock. He immediately grew harder and she gave his growing member a squeeze through the fabric of his trunks. Keeping her hand there, she began to slowly stroke his wood.
Moving into the middle of the spa, she remained neck deep in the water, but he could see that she was doing something under the water, out of his sight. Sure enough, when she raised her left hand out of the water, it was holding her bathing suit and she and threw it onto the side of the spa; she was completely naked under the water. Wasting no time, she moved toward him and her expert hands reached for the waistband of his trunks. He lifted his ass slightly so she could slide them down his legs, leaving them around his ankles. Remaining submerged, she used both hands to stroke his member to wood hardness and to stroke his balls. Their eyes locked on each other in silent communication.
A body is basically weightless when submerged, so she used that principal to float while she brought her legs up, and with her legs spread wide braced her feet against the side of the spa, moving toward him and using one hand to guide his shaft into her pussy while holding on to his neck for support. He slipped his hands under her, and cupped the cheeks of her ass for added support.
She immediately took his full length into her and sighed contentedly, then began a slow movement up and down his cock. The bubbling water surrounding them added an extra sensation, swirling around their sensitive tissues and heightening their pleasure. As her movements quickened she began to rise up out of the water on each stroke, until her boobs were completely exposed to the world. The water roiled with their movements, splashing against the sides of the spa and onto the surrounding deck. Her eyes closed and her hands grasped his neck tighter as she approached orgasm and he reached his own simultaneously. She continued to move up and down out of the water, her delicious melons right as his eye level.

**************

In one of the rooms facing the hot tub from the second floor, a hotel guest on his balcony did a doubletake. "Holy shit, Cathy! Come here quick!" he called out to his wife. She rushed out to where he was standing.
"What is it, Michael?"
"Right there, in the hot tub." He directed her gaze to the sight about seventy-five feet from them.
"Ohmygawd. Is she topless? In public?"
"Topless, hell. She's fucking him. They're getting it on in the hot tub."
"You have got to be kidding me."
"See for yourself. She's facing him, she looks like she's naked, and she's moving up and down in his lap. What do you think that means?"
"It means they're braver than we are," she replied with a wry smile. She remembered when she and her husband couldn't get enough of each other and didn't care who knew it. She could feel her body stirring in reaction to the sight below them, and her hand unconsciously slipped inside her thick terry robe and touched her breast. Her body was still warm from the shower she had just taken.
He recognized the wistful look on his wife's face and for the thousandth time recalled his own memories of their earlier years. Have we gotten that boring that soon? he asked himself. Time was when anyplace was the right place for us to get it on. They weren't that old, and really, his wife had retained her good looks and youthful appearance. Her lustrous brown hair framed her oval-shaped face and tumbled to just past her shoulders. Her hazel eyes showed the spark of intelligence that had first attracted him. Her body - well, her body was as good as ever, showing little wear even after having delivered two kids. He had to admit that she still had it - the curves, the flat stomach, the just-right ass, the long legs. He touched her back lightly, and she responded by turning to him and throwing her arms around his neck, then crushing herself against him and locking her lips on his in a passionate, lingering kiss.
Years of inhibitions fell away as they lost themselves in each other. Lips pressed, tongues darted and explored, hands wandered as the memories of why they fell in love came rushing back. She was taller than average, only about three inches shorter than him, and their bodies fit together well. She pressed her body fully against his and he could feel himself harden in response.
Breaking their kiss, she turned him so his back was against the balcony railing and dropped to her knees in front of him. "Really?" he gasped. "Right here?"
"Shut the fuck up and enjoy it," she answered. He also wore one of the hotel's plush terry robes with nothing underneath, and she undid the belt and opened his robe, exposing his throbbing shaft. She grabbed it with one hand and took him fully into her mouth in one smooth movement. He grasped her head and closed his eyes.
************

Meanwhile, Paul and Lisa were making the spa hotter by the minute. Their frequent sex meant that it took him longer to cum, and they hand been pumping nonstop for close to ten minutes. She came faster than he did and had already felt one orgasm wash over her.
He could feel every detail of her body around his. She was so hot inside, and the increased sensitivity from the constant friction on his rod made it extremely sensitive. Every time her body crushed against him, he could feel her sweet ass against his balls.
With a final thrust she shoved her pussy hard against him as the waves of a rousing orgasm washed over her body. He came at that moment too, shooting his hot load deep into her pussy as the spasms shook him again and again. She stayed that way for several minutes, their bodies pressed tightly together as they slowly became aware that they had just fucked in full view of hundreds of people at the hotel or driving by on Colorado Boulevard. That realization set them to laughing uproariously, though neither made a move to cover their nakedness.
"Holy shit, you're naked," he finally said.
"And I just fucked you in front of the world," came her reply. "Are you complaining?"
"No complaints here. You were fantastic."
WE were fantastic," she said, holding him tighter and locking her lips with his, her tongue exploring his mouth hungrily. Straddling him as she was, they fit together perfectly. She finally swung her legs back and sat next to him again. She let her gaze wander and spotted the couple on the balcony.
"Looks like we're not the only ones who do it in public," she giggled, pointing discreetly at them.

***********

Mike and Cathy were lost in their own world, equally oblivious to whatever else might be going on around them. She moved her mouth from one end of his cock to the other, occasionally talking it entirely and using her free hand to alternately stroke his balls and rub her increasingly wet pussy. With his eyes closed, he concentrated on the sensation of her around him, feeling her tongue and lips on his most sensitive areas. He was as hard as he had ever been.
He moved his hands to her shoulders and with gentle touches indicated that she should stand. She did so, and he moved himself behind her and pressed her forward against the railing. He lifted the back of her robe up over her delightful ass, and using his free hand guided his cock into her willing pussy. Now holding both of her hips, he sank himself fully into her. She moaned with pleasure as he began to rhythmically move in and out of her, the open sides of his robe falling around them. That hid any explicit view from the sides, but from the front her body was fully exposed.
At one point she opened her eyes and caught sight of Lisa and Paul watching them from the spa. The women locked gazes and nodded, smiling at each other in knowing approval. She and Paul watched the other couple until they finished. Michael didn't last nearly as long as Paul had, although his wife wasn't complaining.

*************

"See what you started?" said Lisa playfully.

*************

In room 209, directly in line with the spa and the room of Cathy and Michael, Dave Williams stood just inside the sliding doors to his own balcony, right behind his tripod-mounted Nikon DSLR with its 300mm lens.
"Damn," he said to himself as he snapped his 400thpicture of the day.

*************

In The Gulf of Mexico
Cancun had been a good choice for the trip his company had provided. Senior staff had been flown from around the US to this sunny center of hedonistic excess and endless alcohol consumption; they had even invited the staff's spouses and partners and had built a lot of leisure time into the schedule. Four days of blessed release from the demands of work.
Paul and Lisa were living the life, enjoying the resort amenities and fueling their unquenchable lust with frequent, energetic sex of one kind or another. They truly never tired of it.
Paul's fellow managers had dispersed to who knew where, so he and Lisa decided to snorkel in the clear waters of the Gulf of Mexico. The day was perfect for it, with a bright blue sky and temps in the low 80s. The water there was almost as warm as the air and promised a pleasant day.
"Did you see that chick in the white slingshot suit?" Lisa asked as they walked toward the beach carrying their snorkeling gear. "Things are certainly different here than in the states."
Paul chuckled. He had indeed gotten an eyeful of the exotic brunette wearing the most minimal one piece imaginable, including a butt floss back, narrow straps over her nipples, and the thinnest strip of cloth imaginable to barely cover her obviously well-waxed pussy.
"You could pull that off too, babe," he told Lisa.
Lisa looked at hm and chuckled. "I could pull it off, or you could?"
"Well yeah, there's that, but I'm saying you have the body for that, too."
Lisa smiled. "Well thank you babe, but I'd probably get arrested for indecent exposure if I wore it in Ocean City."
"True that."
Lisa was wearing a bikini that day, one that showed off her fabulous body but was designed to cover her better than the slingshot suit they had seen. As they swam away from the hotel beach through the shallow water, Paul found himself alternately drawn to the thousands of brightly colored fish and corals under the water and to the sight of his bride gliding smoothly along, her toned legs and round ass and marvelous tits composing a sexy picture.Damn, she's hot,he mused.
Fifteen minutes later they found themselves well away from the hotel, a few hundred meters off a rocky point lined with vacation condos. The water was only three or four feet deep, and they stopped and stood on the sandy bottom, pushing their snorkel masks up. The surface of the water came to just above waist level.
"I just had the weirdest idea," Lisa said.
"And...?" Paul questioned. Lisa's weird ideas usually involved some new and interesting way to have sex, so his interest was piqued.
"I want to see you cum underwater."
Paul guffawed. "You've seen me cum many times."
"Yeah, but not underwater. What would that look like? I wanna know."
Paul didn't hesitate; he knew that whatever she had planned was going to feel very fucking good. "So how do you want to do this?"
"You just stand there and let me handle it." With that, Lisa pulled her mask back into place and mouthed her snorkel, then laid face down on the surface facing Paul. She deftly untied the string at his waist and yanked his trunks down far enough for his cock and balls to be exposed a few inches below the surface. Grasping his cock in one hand, she steadied herself by holding his hip with the other and began stroking him, keeping her face mere inches from the tip immediately underwater.
The wave action, though gentle, was relentless, and it kept moving their bodies around independent of the other. That meant that at times she was inadvertently tugging on his shaft quite uncomfortably, rather an annoyance when trying to reach full hardness. Paul tapped her on the shoulder and she stood up, pushing her mask up onto her forehead.
"We need to find a better way to do this," Paul said. "It hurts too much when the waves pull you way from me." Lisa thought for a moment.
"I know," she said, grabbing her bikini bottom and pushing it down, then removing it completely and holding it one hand. She turned away from Paul and bent over. "Are you hard enough to fuck me?"
Paul chuckled. "I'm not all the way there, but I'll do my best."
"Well, tell me before you cum," Lisa instructed him. I still wanna watch you shoot underwater." Paul laughed again but did as he was told, guiding his semirigid shaft into her from behind and feeling her velvety warmth envelop him.
With their feet both planted on the bottom and his hands holding her hips, he was able to stroke more efficiently and soon reach full hardness and he pistoned in and out of her. Lisa reveled in the sensation; she sometimes wondered herself why she had such a love of sex, almost a preoccupation. In Paul she had found someone who was equally fond of fucking, and his constant attention to her and his skills as a lover made her feel happy and sexy and desirable. She closed her eyes and lost herself in the moment.
For his part, Paul was in doggystyle heaven. He loved to watch his cock disappear between the cheeks of her glorious ass, its perfect size and shape adding a joyful visual element to their lovemaking. Their coupling was just below the water, the tops of her magnificent ass cheeks actually breaking the surface.
Anyone viewing them would have no doubt realizing what they were doing; there are not many activities that are defined by an obviously bottomless man humping an equally bottomless woman from behind. They were only a few hundred meters off the beach of the adult-only resort and frankly had not given much thought to whether or mot they could be seen, but in an case their focus was solely on each other.
Paul felt the stirrings of an imminent release and increased the tempo of his pumping perceptibly. "Getting close, baby?" Lisa asked.
"Yeah, babe," Paul answered. "Pretty soon now." He quickened again.
In a few more strokes he was there. "OK, baby, here it comes." Lisa immediately fell forward off of his dick and spun around, slipping her mask snorkel in place and lying face down on the water. Steadying herself against the wave action by gently holding his hips, she watched from a few inches away as he stroked himself to a finish and white clouds began spurting into the Gulf waters from the purple head of his dick, floating as clouds for a few moments before dissipating. Her breathing quickened as she watched them slow and eventually stop, then stood up in front of him.
"Oh my fucking god," she exclaimed as she gazed hungrily into his eyes. "That was fucking hot!"
"Yeah, that felt pretty good, too," he breathed. "But it's always better inside you."
"That can be arranged." Holding his still semirigid shaft in her hand, she leaned against his side and they exchanged a long, sweet lingering kiss. "You belong inside me."
Turning toward the shore, Lisa scanned the beach for a suitable location. Spotting an open but abandoned section of the strand, she signaled to Paul to follow her as she glided back into the water holding her bikini bottom in her hand as she effortlessly moved through the small waves. Paul smiled as he considered the sight of his beautiful mate swimming proudly along, the hemispheres of her world-class ass exposed, and used his fins to easily pace her while holding his own trunks. The underwater view of her mostly naked body was stimulating, and he could sense his body beginning to respond even though he had nutted just minutes before.
As they approached the strand, Lisa stopped and removed her fins, then walked out of the water and onto the sand. Paul followed closely, appreciating the view of her perfect ass as she strode. Lisa turned her head.
"Lie down."
Mesmerized by the sight of her seminudity, Paul hesitated. "Huh?"
"Are you deaf? I said lie down. On your back." Paul flopped down onto the packed sand.
Lisa wasted no time, kneeling next to him and taking his semirigid cock in her hand, "Oh yeah," she sighed, then bent and took him fully into her mouth. "Mmmmmmm..." Paul closed his eyes and laid his head back, losing himself in the sensations.
Lisa had other things in mind. Without lifting her mouth from his rod, she scooted around and straddled Paul's head, then lowered her pussy onto his face.
This was Nirvana for Paul. He loved eating Lisa's pussy; it was such an intimate act as she opened herself completely to him. He also loved eating her in a 69 position, with her body lying om him and her mouth devouring his cock. The sensations were overwhelming, and he grew hard in her mouth as he lapped at the spread petals of her labia and flicked her prominent clit with his tongue.
Lisa gave a world-class blowjob, using her lips, tongue, and throat to stimulate every nerve in his now hardened cock. She could feel the roughness of his tongue on her snatch and his hands grasping and spreading the cheeks of her ass as she and Paul devoured each other. She was as lost in the moment as he was.
Sensing his readiness, Lisa moved her lower body around and took her mouth off if his cock, then turned around and straddled his waist. With a sexy smile she grasped his shaft and aimed it straight up, then slowly settled her pussy onto it and sighed. "Oh yes yes yes, that's more like it." She began to move slowly up and down on him.
Her body was still cool from their recent swim, but her slick love canal was absolutely burning, and the contrast in temperatures heightened the sensations for both of them. Smiling down at him, her upper body leaning forward as she leaned on his chest, her bountiful breasts were just above Paul's face and he instinctively reached for them, covering each with a hand and kneading softly.
"The girls love you as much as you love them," she said, reaching behind herself to untie the bikini top she still wore. She pulled it over her head, tossed it onto the sand and resumed her position, Paul's hands and fingers now given complete access to her fleshy globes and enlarged nipples.
"Oh goddam you feel good," she moaned, her pace quickening as her ass cheeks slapped against his thighs. Paul used his hips to meet her bouncing with thrusts of his own and Lisa closed her eyes to concentrate on the orgasm building in her groin. "I'm almost there, baby. Give it to me good."
Paul reluctantly moved his hands from her magnificent chest and grasped her hips, using the leverage to pull her down onto him harder and harder, pumping relentlessly in and out of her dripping snatch.
"Yeah baby, here it comes," he told her. "Cum with me."
"Gladly babe," she answered, letting her body release at once as her juices coated his balls and he painted her cervix with spurt after spurt of his own batter. They cried out together in release, grunting like wild animals, their bodies vibrating and pulsing. Her body finally spent, Lisa collapsed forward onto Paul, her full breasts crushed against his chest and her lips pressed on his in a passionate, sensual kiss. She broke the kiss and laid her head on his shoulder, gasping for breath.
"Fucking A. That was one of our best ever."
"Damn right," Paul answered breathlessly. "We just get better and better."
Pedro Gonzalez and Angelica Quimiro were spending the week away from their high pressure jobs in Mexico City, taking the opportunity to just soak up the laid back atmosphere of Cancun. Rounding the rocky point on their rented standup paddleboards, they both caught the unexpected movement on the beach and immediately recognized it for what it was, an amorous couple engaged in mankind's oldest pastime. From their vantage point this close to the strand they could clearly see Lisa's nude body moving rhythmically up and down on Paul, his shaft clearly visible as it disappeared between Lisa's shapely ass cheeks.
"I guess we should find somewhere else to take a rest," Pedro chuckled to Angelica.

************

The Office Quickie
I hate these trips away, but coming home is so fucking good,he reflected.
Paul was anxious as he pulled into the parking lot of Lisa's office. Another out of town class had pulled him away for three days, and as usual he was ready to explode from the interruption in their sex life. Sex consumed them.
Parking his car, he tried to maintain his cool as he stepped quickly down the hall to her office. The building seemed surprisingly empty for the middle of the day. He reached her office and stepped through the door.
"Hey, beautiful, what's..." he started to say, but Lisa had jumped up from her desk with a loud squeal when she saw him and had run to his arms, locking her lips to his in a burning kiss.
"Damn, I thought you would never get back," she gasped when she broke their kiss.
"Well, it's nice to come back to that. I missed you, too."
She looked into his eyes. "My life is not the same when you're gone. I'm not the same."
Paul kissed her again, their tongues dancing and probing. "We are a pair, we are."
Breaking their embrace, Lisa took Paul's hand and pulled him gently toward a small door in a corner of the large office. "More than you know. Your timing is perfect, by the way. Everyone else is at lunch, so we have almost half an hour to ourselves. Let's put that time to good use."
The door in the corner turned out to be a small washroom, really just a toilet and sink, a vestige of the time when the 100-year-old building had been a state hospital. "This is convenient for more than just a quick pee break," Lisa explained, pulling Paul into the room and locking the door. "No one will bother us here."
Lisa grabbed Paul and exclaimed excitedly, "God, I need you so bad right now." Dropping to her knees in front of him, she anxiously unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned the waistband, and unzipped his pants, then yanked both his pants and his boxer briefs to his ankles in a quick, practiced movement. Paul was already mostly hard with desire, and Lisa grabbed his cock and took it all into her mouth, humming and whimpering contentedly as she moved her mouth up and down the shaft.
It was easy to get lost in the overwhelming sensations brought on by Lisa's expert fellatio, and Paul just closed his eyes and let them engulf him. She really was a world class cocksucker, using every part of her mouth to stimulate every part of his cock, from the glans to the base. Being in her wet, warm mouth was like coming home, Lisa whimpered softly in her throat as she brought him to full hardness.
She dropped his cock and stood up, turning away from him. "I need you so bad that I have to have you in me right this instant," she said, pulling the hem of her skirt up to her waist and yanking her lacy panties down to her knees, then leaning forward onto the sink. "Fuck me hard."
Paul didn't hesitate; he wanted her just as badly. Moving toward her inviting ass, he parted her ass cheeks with one hand and guided his iron-hard rod into her waiting pussy, pushing its full length into her in one smooth movement.
"Oooooooohhhhhh fuck yes," she moaned. "That is just what I needed." Lisa closed her eyes and let the feeling of his cock filling her pussy dominate her senses. Paul began rapidly pumping in and out of her, slapping against her ass with each stroke.
"You know just how to give me what I want," she breathed, meeting his every thrust with a return movement of her own, heightening the raw nature of their coupling. "Fuck me, just like that."
Paul knew several methods for enhancing her orgasm. Holding her hips with his right hand, he moistened the thumb of his left in his mouth, then moved it down to the starfish of her anus, spreading the moisture around it. He slowly pressed his thumb against her butthole, introducing just the tip and waiting for her sphincter to relax before pushing it in a bit at a time, ever so slowly.
"Oh sweet jesus," Lisa cried out. "Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck that's nice." She could sense her impending orgasm as blood engorged her organs.
They both heard the door to the main office open and momentarily paused, Lisa holding her finger to her lips in the universal "Shush!" sign. A voice called out, "Lisa, are you here?", Lisa recognizing it as Sherrilyn from the finance manager's office. They heard her mutter something, followed by the sound of the main office door opening and closing. They immediately returned to fucking and smiled.
"I'm almost there baby," Lisa moaned. "Bring me home." Paul redoubled his efforts moving his thumb in and out of her ass as he pistoned his cock faster and faster in her now dripping pussy. "Uuuunnnhhhhh," Lisa moaned.
They finally reached the point of release, Paul spewing his seed into her in spurt after heavy spurt. Lisa let go at the same time, feeling her cunt pulsating around his shaft. They pressed against each other as the pleasure washed over them, eventually subsiding to the point that they could separate their gasping bodies. Lisa bent over the sink, hanging her head as she caught her breath.
"Oh fuck me, that was magnificent," she gasped out. She finally reached for a wad of toilet paper to absorb what she could of the sloppy, creamy mess oozing from her. "I have to spend the rest of the day with them, and they don't need evidence of what we've been doing in their absence." Paul pulled up his pants and tucked his now softening cock away. When they were more or less back to normal, Lisa unlocked the restroom door and they walked back into the office just twenty seconds before her workmates returned from lunch.
"Hey, Paul!" one of her office mates called out. "Good to see you! What have you been up to?"
"Same old thing, Brenda. Working and slaving my life away."
If you only knew, Brenda. If you only knew.