After lunch, I gave Holly a call.
"Hi, Holly. Are you up and moving?"
"Yes. Of course. What's up?
"I have a plan. Do you trust me enough to spend the afternoon with me out on a new adventure?"
"I trust you. You always have such good ideas when it comes to satisfying me."
"Okay. Get dressed and I will pick you up in half an hour. Wear a short skirt, a thong, and a see-through blouse with no bra. Got it?"
"Whatever you say. Do you want to give me a hint?"
"No." I hung up the phone,
Holly was waiting out front when I pulled up. She had apparently caught the attention of a couple of young men who were standing nearby talking on their phones. They were openly staring at her breasts, and it was apparent that she had been teasing them while she waited for me to arrive. Her dark aureoles were clearly visible through the sheer fabric of her blouse, and her hard nipples enhanced the view. I wondered if she had found a way to flash her ass at her admirers.
"Hey. Ready for an adventure?"
"Yes. I have been thinking about it since you called. My pussy is already damp with anticipation. Having those two lurkers stare at my breasts only made me more wet. One of them nearly dropped his phone when I bent over and showed them my ass with the thong strip tight between my cheeks."
"You tease! Our adventure involves more teasing, so you are off to a good start."
As we drove to the interstate, we chatted and got caught up. The daily news has been too depressing lately, so we found lighter subjects. Time with Holly is always enjoyable, in part because of her relaxed demeanor and the big smiles that she flashed my way.
Once we were on the open highway, I put my plan into effect. Traffic was light. I eased up beside a large truck and slowed so match its pace. Holly was facing me and thus was unaware of the truck's proximity.
"Caress your tits for me," I said.
Holly moved both hands to her full breasts and began kneading them through the thin fabric. Her eyes were locked in my direction watching for my reactions. Soon she unbuttoned her blouse as she continued caressing herself. I thought I could see her beginning to move her ass slowly against the seat, but the movement was subtle.
"HONK! HONK! HONK!"
Holly jumped off her seat, surprised by the loud horn so close beside us. After recovering from the shock, she smiled at me and turned toward the truck. She smiled up at the driver who was signaling for her to turn toward him so he could have a better view. Holly complied with his request and turned to face the window at the same time slipping her blouse off of her shoulders.
Now her attention was fully on the truck driver. She kneaded her breasts while at the same time firmly pinching her erect nipples. Occasionally she would lean down and kiss or suck one of her breasts. I could not see the truck driver, but I was certain that he was enjoying the show.
Holly raised her skirt and began stroking her pussy which was barely concealed by her thong. I could see that her seeping juices had already soaked the thin fabric, so I knew that she was enjoying herself.
When she pulled the fabric aside, Holly emitted a low moan as her fingers slid across her damp clit. I hoped that the driver beside us was keeping at least one eye on the road, but given the allure of Holly's actions, I could not be certain of that.
"Take the thong off and spread your legs for our neighbor."
With her pussy and breasts now fully exposed, Holly reclined her seat so that the driver would have an unobstructed view. She placed her left hand between her legs and began stroking her shaved flesh, spreading her juices from asshole to clit. Her ass began to move against the seat as she pushed first one and then two fingers between the slick folds of her full pussy lips. Her juices were now flowing freely and her fingers produced squishing sounds as she pumped them faster and more deeply inside her.
Holly moaned softly as her climax approached. Her hips trust upward repeatedly as shivers of ecstasy coursed through her body. Juices poured from her pussy and soaked the seat beneath her as she emitted a low-pitched scream of relief and excitement. With eyes closed Holly collapsed against the seat back. She continued to stroke her wet pussy, and each passage across her engorged clit caused her body to quiver.
HONK! HONK! HONK!
The driver flashed Holly a thumbs up and motioned for us to get off the highway at the next stop. After discussing our options, we decided to follow the truck as it took the off ramp.
Holly did not bother to adjust her clothes as we pulled into a back corner of the large truck stop parking lot. I found an out of the way spot to park. We watched the balding, overweight truck driver walk across the parking lot toward us, and he went directly to Holly's side of the care. The erect cock straining against the fabric of his jeans showed how much he had enjoyed Holly's performance. Holly kneeled on the seat and reached out to stoke the trucker's cock. Without hesitation, she soon had it freed from its confines and was sucking it for all she was worth. Clearly, Holly was fully aroused by the opportunity to suck off an old guy.
Holly's body blocked my view of her sucking activities, but her kneeling position put her naked ass and pussy right in front of me. I moved forward and licked her asshole playfully. She wiggled her ass in response. I licked again, this time probing inside with the tip of my tongue. More ass wiggles. I licked again, leaving enough moisture behind so that I could slip a finger inside her. I fucked her ass with first one and then two fingers. Her body swayed in response, and she moaned loudly, though I did not know if it was my fingers or the driver's cock that was the cause.
After glancing around the parking lot to make sure we were alone, I rose up and kneeled behind Holly. With a few deft moves to lower my jeans and underwear, my erect cock was exposed and knocking against her ass cheeks. What a choice I now had! Asshole or pussy? Pussy or asshole?
I had already played with Holly's ass, so I moved forward and placed my cock between her pussy lips. Her abundant juices were flowing freely, so I slid deep inside her with a single, slow stoke. She pushed back against me so that I was all of the way inside of her. I could now look over her shoulder and see the lower part of the driver's torso and part of his cock whenever it was not buried fully in Holly's mouth. I resisted the temptation to begin fucking Holly, and I instead watched and listened as she sucked and licked the hard cock in her mouth. SQUISH! SLURP! MOAN! SLURP! SLURP!
I knew that neither Holly nor the driver could be far from climaxing, so I began pumping hard and deep into Holly's hot pussy. She moved her ass to meet my every thrust, arousing me more and more and causing me to fuck her harder, pushing her across the seat toward the driver. This caused the driver's cock to piston into her mouth and down her throat, nearly choking her with every thrust.
We all climaxed together with a flurry of moans and grunts. Cum flooded Holly's mouth and pussy as she quivered between the driver and me. Holly pulled his cock from her mouth so that the last squirts of thick cum splashed onto her face and tongue. Though I could not see it, I imagined the look of delight that I knew was there on her cum slathered face.
Abruptly, the driver stepped back, tucked away his cock, arranged his clothes, and walked away without saying a word. Holly watched him walk toward his truck, then turned to sit. She had a big smile on her cum-covered face.
"I liked this surprise a lot. What's next?"
"Well, I think nest time we will ..."