Jenne stood at the stage door thinking "Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit. What have I gotten myself into now?" She was nervous, but excited beyond measure. Sucking Frank's cock had been interesting, fun, and it set the mood for the evening. A perfect stranger, and a slutty act. Next to that, taking her clothes off for a crowd was not really that serious. She kept telling herself that.
"Let's have a round of applause for Tanya!" The DJ said. "Tonight we have Jade on stage for the very first time, let's give her a warm welcome! Jade!"
With that, she sauntered out on stage, smiling quickly at the beautiful brunette just exiting.
Angela and Tina had done a great job on her. Her curly black hair was teased into a wild mane. She had on bright crimson lipstick. She was wearing black stripper heels and a bright red dress. The dress was short, barely covering her, and backless to the point where a tiny bit of the top of her ass showed. It tied behind her neck, and plunged to below her navel.
With the music pounding, she started dancing, and following what she'd watched earlier, she moved to the first young man with a dollar bill in front of him. She squatted in front of him, knees together, and took his dollar bill. With hands on her knees, she slowly parted them, giving the grateful man a long look at her shaved, pierced pussy. Looking him directly in the eye, she moved her dress to the side, exposing one beautiful, pierced nipple. She licked her lips, and gently tugged on the ring through the hood of her clit. She smiled and stood up, mouthing "Thank you." In a short time, there were a lot of bills on the stage.
She looked over at Mark, and his jaw was open. Cheryl elbowed him in the ribs, and put down a five dollar bill. Jenne danced over to them, and swaying her hips turned her back to them. She reached both hands to the bow tied behind her neck and undid it. The silky dress flowed down her body, leaving her nude to the room. With cheers from the audience, she stepped out of the pool of material on the floor. She bent straight-legged from the waist, and grabbed her ankles. She let them go, knelt on the stage, and kicked one leg out to the side. Using the movement, she rolled over and laid down facing her friends. With rising excitement, she began slowly massaging her clitoris. After a few seconds, desperately wanting to finish it, she sat up and smiled at them.
When Jenne walked off the stage at the end of her set, she was giddy with excitement, and nearly $150 richer. Angela met her at the stage door and gave her a fierce hug and a deep kiss. "You were incredible! You're a natural at this!"
"Oh god that was so much fun! I loved it!" Jenne exclaimed. "We have to get Cheryl up there!"
"Yes, I think she'd have fun. I'm not sure what Mark would think about the Frank thing though."
"Only one way to find out."
Jenne pulled on the dress, and with Angela's help, re-tied the top. They walked over and sat down with Mark and Cheryl.
"You look like the hottest slut I have EVER seen, Jenne!" Cheryl exclaimed. After realizing how that sounded, she quickly added "I mean that as a compliment!"
"That's how I took it. You have to try it, it was amazing," Jenne replied.
Jenne leaned over to Cheryl and whispered "There's only one thing, I had to suck the manager off to get on stage. What do you think Mark would think of that?"
Cheryl looked surprised for a second and leaned over. "With all thing things we've done this weekend, he could hardly claim jealousy, could he?"
Cheryl laughed and turned to Mark. "So, what would you think of me sucking off the manager for a set on the stage?"
Mark grinned and said "Get a picture!"
"There you have it" Cheryl said, and with that, the three girls got up to find Frank.
In Frank's office, she confidently removed her sun dress, and told Frank "I understand there's an admission charge?"
Frank grinned and began unbuttoning his pants. Angela smiled and reached for the camera. "Her boyfriend has a request. A picture to remember the occasion by. Do you mind?"
"Go for it," he said.
Cheryl knelt down and gave Frank his second blowjob of the evening with Angela clicking away with with her phone. After finishing him off, Jenne said "Oh, we need a picture of the three of us!"
She undid her dress, and went to help Angela out of hers. The three girls posed, with Frank gleefully taking pictures. They brought Cheryl to the dressing room. Looking through the outfits, they found something for Cheryl to wear. It consisted of a tiny black g-string, thigh length black stockings, black high heels, and a black lace bustier the fastened up the front with a series of snaps. Her generous breasts spilled over the top, giving her impressive cleavage, and just covering her nipples. The g-string was small and lacy, barely hid her shaven mound. She sat down and Jenne slipped a garter on her leg. "You look sp hot, Mark is going to pass out when he sees you."
The girls helped Cheryl with her hair and makeup, and went to watch the show with Mark.
The DJ announced her. "Let's have a warm welcome for Cherry coming on stage for her first time! You guys are getting a real treat tonight!" The crowded cheered as Cheryl strutted out on stage, a sexy look on her face.
Mark's jaw dropped as he looked at the sexy creature on stage. He could barely believe his luck.
Cheryl danced for the three of them, pulling the tiny g-string aside to show her mound. She crawled across the stage and gave a customer a sultry look. As he watched her, she undid the snaps, removing her bustier. She picked up his dollar, pulled him towards her, and put it in his mouth. She leaned forward and using both hands, grabbed the bill between her breasts. She then leaned over and whispered a thank you in his ear.
Shortly, Cheryl finished her set and proudly walked off the stage, her tiny costume in her hand. Jenne and Angela got up and followed her backstage. When the door shut behind them, Cheryl gave the both of them a fierce hug and said "That was the most exciting thing I've ever done! And look how much money I made!" It was true, in one short set, she'd easily made as much as she normally did in a day.
They congratulated her on her show, and all of them walked back to Frank's office to retrieve their clothes. While Jenne and Cheryl changed back to their street clothes, Frank looked on appreciatively. He said "You did a great job girls, if you want to work more often, let me know."
"Thanks Frank, it was a blast. I might take you up on that, just as long as you don't expect to be sucked off every time," Jenne said with a smile.
"Me too!" Cheryl chimed in.
"Well I have your information on file. I'll let you know if I need you."
Leaving the office, Jenne gave Angela a deep kiss. She whispered "That was incredible. Are you coming over after work?"
"It's going to be late - are you sure you want me to?"
"Absolutely. I can't wait."
"Okay then."
With another quick kiss, Jenne caught up with Cheryl. When they found Mark, Jenne asked "You guys are coming back to the house, right?"
"We'd love to."
The gathered their things and left the Catwalk. It was another amazing step on the road. Her life felt much more daring, exciting, fulfilling. She couldn't believe how much she enjoyed what she was doing, and no idea where to go next.