Author's Note: This entry is a bit longer than the last one, and has more emphasis on mystery, intrigue, and character development. Since a larger proportion of the story is focused on the mystery and intrigue, I've decided to switch up the categories for this one. Rest assured, though, there is a bit of erotica (including a threesome and some public sex).
**
My journey home after the attack on the manor was far from a simple one. The currents and my frantic swim brought me to the docks, where a group of sailors were busy harvesting a kraken-corpse. Ink-stained men looked up from their bloody work to stare as I splashed ashore.
Some offered jeers and propositions at the sight of my skimpy outfit. I tossed them one of my bejeweled anklets in exchange for a jacket and a pair of boots. Wrapping the oversized jacket around my shivering body, I trudged past the warehouses and fisheries, wrinkling my nose at the stench of dead fish and krakens.
From there, I traded away an anklet to a beggar in exchange for all of the coins he'd collected in his hat, which were enough to buy gondola fare. I'd kept money in my coinpurse, but I had left that behind with my cloak at the manor.
Due to the late hour, most of the other passengers were dockworkers heading home from late shifts, or drunken students returning to dormitories after a night out at the dockside taverns.
Shivering from fear and the cold, I ignored their stares as best as I could and pondered what I'd endured, trying to pinpoint who could have been responsible.
Who could have done such a thing? A rival cult? An opposing group of fanatics trying to stamp out the practices of the old ways? Someone with a grudge against my father or against one of the other wealthy guests?
It couldn't have been the justicars. Although such Rites were illegal those machines had been no tools of the law. An official raid would have involved arrests, not flames and butchery.
I would find no answers within my frenzied mind. To distract and center myself, I stared down at the city.
Beneath me stretched the vast slums of the district of Dockside, with homes made of driftwood, kraken-bones, and the hulls of recycled ships.
Down below lived the workers, soldiers, servants and the lower-class merchants of Raveth. The teeming masses who were the gears that made the entire metropolis function.
My father had once been among those souls. He'd started as a simple, common dockworker whose cleverness and luck had propelled him to the highest rungs of Ravethi society.
During my childhood he had taken me for tours of those slums, to remind me of his past and to reinforce how far the family had risen. He'd also taken the opportunity to make a show of his grand charity works, showing off the orphanages and soup kitchens he'd sponsored.
Shuddering, I tore my moistened eyes away from the slums and looked along the crackling rails of the gondola. The cars led to one of the transit stations, a great stone spire that loomed high above the city. Rune-tech reactors pulsed and gleamed, sending energy through the stone and into the rails.
Once at the transit station I used the last of my coins to hire a private skyship taxi. The deft little vessel whisked me through the night, skimming over the gondola rails and past the glittering towers.
"Rough night out, eh?" the pilot said, chuckling a little.
"You haven't the slightest idea."
"Oh, I wager I do. I used to serve in the People's Legions. Had plenty of rough nights out on the frontier and during garrison duty," he said with a soft laugh, before sending the little craft down past two gleaming towers.
The taxi landed at a slender metal tower a short distance from the family estate. My legs still shaking from my ordeal, I disembarked and headed down the lift to street level. My route took me past two justicars standing guard by the exit. They wore long golden coats, with red sashes upon their chests. Gilded helmets covered their faces, save for little slits that barely exposed their eyes. If they paid me any mind at all, the helmets prevented me from noticing.
Taking in a deep breath, I glanced at their holstered shock-batons and brushed on past.
I trotted along the quiet cobblestone streets, past cozy townhomes, walled estates, and quiet teahouses. My relief soared with every step closer to home.
A sob erupted from my lips as I reached the front gates. Pressing my hand to the rune-interface upon the wall, I tapped in the appropriate sigils.
The gate swept open, revealing our home's sprawling gardens. Automatons tended to the hedges and flowerbeds, toiling through the night to keep everything perfect and immaculate. I couldn't help but wince at the way their pruning shears trimmed the plants, imagining how the metallic claws back at the manor had sliced through flesh.
I pushed through the massive main doors and let out a sob of relief. The glow of alchemical candles danced across my sweaty skin as I shut the doors. After sliding down against the wall, I collapsed upon the floor, allowing myself to relax for the first time since my frantic escape from the manor.
To my horror, a voice wafted from the sitting room just off the main foyer.
"Lyneth?" my father's voice called out. "How was the opera?"
I'd been expecting my parents to be asleep by the time I returned, which would have bought me time to get my story straight. Thanks to my fear, I'd almost forgotten my lie about attending the opera.
"A bit rubbish to my honest," I said, hoping I could scamper on up to my wing of the estate before either of them rose to greet me.
"I told you," my mother said. "The Jackal's Roseis easily the worst of Targosky's works. You would have been better off waiting for them to put onThe Laughing Swordinstead."
Just as I rose to my feet, the door to the sitting room swung open. My father stood in the doorway, his wiry body clad in a fine suit. The man always insisted on dressing nicely, even when lounging around at home.
His eyes widened.
"Gods' graves, Lyneth," he hissed. "What happened?"
My mother appeared behind him, giving him a little shove out of the way. She was wearing a fine, fur-lined nightgown, and her usually elegant curls were pulled back into a tight bun.
"Were you mugged?" she snapped, glancing towards the door. "We shall send for the justicars at once, we-"
"No!" I blurted out. "It's...it's nothing. We can talk about in the morning."
"No, we shall not," my father said, placing his hands on his hips. "You may be a grown woman but I'll be damned if my daughter can wander back into my house smelling like filth and wearing some scruffy coat without an explanation."
He approached, scowling and sniffing.
"Is that seawater? Kraken ink? Wherewereyou?"
There could be no hiding it now. Once my parents sank their teeth into a topic, they were as persistent as a hungry wolf.
I glanced past my father into the sitting room, at the inviting comfortable couches and the well-stocked bar.
"A cup of brandy first."
"By the dead gods I'll probably need one, too," my mother said with a huff.
I collapsed upon the couch, my mind reeling as my father poured me a glass and handed it over.
After taking a long sip, my shaking hands settled it down upon the table as my parents sat down across from me. The blue glow of the alchemical fireplace gleamed in their concerned, frightened eyes.
Their concern was about to shift into rage.
"I attended an event," I said, my voice slow and trembling. "There was an attack by automatons."
"An attack?" my mother blurted. "Then we must summon the justicars at once."
I swallowed.
"The event was...illegal. Going to the justicars for help could get me in trouble and cause...complications for the family business."
Their eyes narrowed. Before they could demand further answers, I took a deep breath and continued.
"It was an event hosted by the Crimson Night."
My father cursed and my mother let out a faint squeak.
"Gods' graves, Lyneth,why?" he snarled.
I gulped down a bit more brandy.
"Because I've been a good and dutiful daughter. While other women my age are galivanting off on world tours and hosting extravagant balls and spending all of their father's money on jewelry, I've beenworking. For the good of the family. For the business. For the city. And I am going to continue to do so. But for one night, all I wanted was a bit of fun. A scandalous, private little event in the shadows and then I'd go back to being the perfect daughter."
Silence gripped the room. I finished off my brandy and let out a soft, joyless laugh.
"The one consolation, father, is that I was able to field-test those new razorflies I've been working on. They worked fabulously."
"This is not time for japes and jokes," my mother snapped.
"They worked even with the smaller reactors?" asked my father, his curiosity winning out over his fatherly anger for the moment.
"Yes. At least in the short term. I doubt they would have fought on for several minutes, but as short-term contingency defenses? Marvelous. I think I'll need to calibrate their wings to-"
"Product development can wait," said my mother. She took a few deep breaths. "I know you have been under a lot of pressure, darling. But-"
"I place that pressure upon myself. And gladly so." I swallowed. "And I also recognize that I should have found a safer outlet."
My father collected my glass and refilled it.
"We could spend all evening chiding you for your poor choices, but you've already acknowledged the mistake." He rested a hand on my shoulder. "What matters now is finding out who did this, without involving the justicars."
"Yes," said my mother with a fierce nod. "We cannot allow this to go unanswered. Even if the attackers were after someone else and not you, the Vaspar family is not to be trifled with."
"The hunt for vengeance can at least wait until she's had a bath and a bit of rest. Clean up, darling, and try to get a good night's sleep. We can go over the details in the morning."
"Better to get the story out while it's fresh," I murmured, staring down at a stray droplet of brandy running over the edge of the glass, and imagining the spray of blood upon the manor's walls.
"Most of the automatons were of a nautical variety. Similar to those we built to assist at the fisheries. Not our designs, though." I cocked my head, recalling the clockwork innards of the one creature I had helped disable. "They were older. The lubrication coils were bulkier than the newer models. I would say that we could hire a mercenary to double back to the manor to collect evidence, but that likely poses too many risks."
"Agreed," he said with a nod. "Was there anything else?"
"There were...men there," I said, choosing my words carefully. "They were not involved in the attack, but they seemed to suspect something. I don't think they knew an attack was coming, but nor were they as caught off-guard as the others."
"Given the nature of this event, I am sure you didn't get names," my mother said with a snort.
"No. One was a mainlander. Blonde braids, adorned with bones and teeth. Another was a young man who was missing one of his pinkies. The last one was just as mysterious as the rest. Gray eyes. Handsome. And they were obsessed with a game calledlorkaa."
"An old strategy game from the mainland," said my mother. "Gavriel mentioned it in a few of his letters."
The mention of my deceased brother cast a chill through the room.
To further ease my nerves and to dispel those grim memories, I downed the last of my brandy.
"I will make some discreet inquiries in the morning," my father said, staring into the gleam of the alchemical fireplace.
"And Lyneth, darling, do get yourself cleaned up," said my mother. "You look and smell absolutelywretched."
I managed a faint smile at my mother's insistence upon propriety even at the worst of times, and made my way upstairs.
**
I didn't leave the house for three full days. My father had forbidden me from leaving the estate until he could upgrade a new set of guardian automatons. Once he'd finished his work, I was still too jumpy to even thinking about going outside. Even opening the window for a breath of fresh air had been quite the feat.
To distract myself, I spent much of that time down in my father's basement workshop, helping him with the guardian upgrades and tinkering with the razorfly designs. The equipment in that workshop was far less advanced than the tools in my own workspace on the other side of the district. My father, for all of his successes and triumphs, had still insisted on using his outdated tools from back in his apprenticeship days.
I was in the middle of filing down a gear to place it within another razorfly when my father joined me, wielding a pile of papers and a grim look upon his face.
"Answers, of a sort," he said, placing the papers beside me on the workbench.
At the top of the pile was an advertisement from a few months before, about an auction of naval equipment. With the end of hostilities on the mainland, the fleet and the mercenary guilds had sold off some outdated equipment. Among the items were automatons designed for naval service.
Other pages within the pile showed photographs and schematics of the various machines that had been put up for sale. I shivered at the familiar sight of the automatons that had assailed the manor.
"These ones," I said, tapping the schematics in question. "Without a doubt."
"A Class-B Scuttler Drone," my father said. "Designed to place mines on the undersides of enemy vessels and to scout through enemy mine fields. Considering the dismal size of the enemy's fleet, they didn't really have much work to do in the last war."
"Surely the seller will have records."
"Usually, yes. But according to the auction guild, there was a fire at the warehouse the night before the auction. Almost all of the Scuttlers were destroyed and thus never sold."
I flipped through the data on those machines.
"Never soldofficially. The fire could have been a coverup to avoid a paper trail. The buyers could pay a higher price to avoid having to register the purchase, then the sellers set the fire to obscure the losses and to recoup insurance money. Or someone just stole them outright and set the warehouse ablaze to cover their tracks."
"My thoughts exactly. I'll have my investigators look into it further."
I didn't question the fact that my father had a team of private detectives at his beck and call. Such men would ward off potential competitors searching for company secrets, and in turn steal secrets from our rivals.
"For today, though, I'd like you to get out for a bit. Get some sun and some fresh air. Take a stroll with those upgraded guardians."
I nodded in agreement, as I wasn't doing myself any favors by cooping myself up in his workshop. At the very least I could cross the district and work in my own workshop, where I'd make much better progress on my razorflies.
"I do suppose I need sandals and a cloak to replace the ones I lost at the manor," I said dryly.
After putting the finishing touches on that beetle-sized machine, I slipped a chain around the device and affixed it around my neck like an amulet, and set out for the day.
Flanked by three wiry guardians, I made my way out onto the cobblestone streets. I flinched at every loud sound, even the familiar whirring of passing skyships and the clanking of overhead gondolas. Neighbors smiled as I passed; I returned their greetings with faint mumbles and weak smiles.
More than once I looked over my shoulder towards the family estate, longing to sprint back inside.
I made my way to the row of shops a few streets over, where I replaced what I'd lost during the attack. My hands shook so fiercely that I nearly dropped the coins as I passed them over. Gritting my teeth, I stormed back out onto the street.
Someone bumped into me in the crowd. Cursing, I spun and nearly lost my balance. A guardian steadied me with its metallic claw.
With another curse I realized that my purse had been unclasped. Concerned that I'd been pickpocketed, I whirled around for any sign of the person who'd jostled me.
Nothing. Only a sea of unfamiliar, well-dressed citizens going about their day.
I searched through my purse to see if anything was missing.
Not only was there nothingmissing, something had in fact beenadded.
Within my purse was a small scrap of paper wrapped around something small and hard. Frowning, I unfurled the paper to reveal that it had concealed a tinylorkaapiece, just like the ones from the game at the manor.
The paper gave a time and the address of a transit tower on the eastern edge of the city.
Once more I strained to catch sight of the messenger, but it was far too late.
While I was damned curious about the message, I was not about to blunder into a shadowy meeting unprepared. With my newfound purpose keeping the nervousness at bay, I headed for my private workshop, spending the rest of the day crafting other razorflies.
Only once I'd hidden a swarm of those lethal razorflies under my dress did I head out for the transit tower at the appointed time.
The transit tower in question was in a lower-class district, though it was a notable upgrade from the slums of Dockside. Below the tower stretched long lines of rowhouses, sprawling apartment buildings, and teeming markets.
I stood at the station, hands clasped before me, my eyes darting over the crowd. Nobody paid me any mind, nor did anyone approach with another message.
Minutes passed. The crowd thinned as most of the travelers boarded a large passenger car, leaving behind a handful of students and a few scruffy boys who had huddled together in the corner of the station.
After a moment I realized the boys were playing a game.
Not just any game.
Lorkaa.
Considering my first time ever seeing that game was back at the ruined manor, its presence in the station was quite the damned coincidence. Frowning, I strode over to the boys as they bickered with one another about the rules.
One of them looked up, eyes wide.
"Gods' graves," he sputtered. "You must be her."
"Oh? You were looking for me?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.
"Aye. A man paid us a fistful of coins to play this game and to keep an eye out for a 'pretty lady with dark blue eyes as deep as the ocean, and hair that ripples like the night.' Something like that."
I snorted and rolled my eyes.
"And what else did this man tell you?"
"He wants you to go down to the park at the base of the tower. He says the clockwork swans are beautiful."
I cursed under my breath and tossed the lads a few coins for their time. Irritated by the subterfuge but relieved to be one step closer to answers, I took the lift down to the street and walked briskly through a crowded market.
The park was a meager one, paling in comparison to my family's private garden. In the middle was a murky pond, upon which flitted three rusted, rickety clockwork swans.
Glancing around, my eyes settled upon a figure seated at a bench near the water. He was dressed in a dark, unassuming suit and a long coat, with a wide-brimmed hat resting upon his knee. His short dark red hair had been slicked back, and intense gray eyes stared out at the swans.
I'd have recognized those eyes anywhere. He was the man who'd taught me to playlorkaa, and who had been a damnable tease during the Rite. He'd been moments away from using my ass right before those automatons had attacked.
I shivered at those memories and joined him at the bench. Cocking my head, I got a closer look at him: handsome, perhaps in his early thirties, clean-shaven. Small, faded white scars ran along his left cheekbone. I realized scars of a similar nature had marred the hand of his mainlander friend as well.
"Answers," I said, my voice crisp and cold. "Now."
"You seem to be a clever woman so I'm almost certain you've already done some investigating of your own. Enlighten me first."
"No," I said, withdrawing thelorkaapiece from my purse and dropping it into his lap. "You clearly knew that something was going on."
He brushed his fingers over the game piece.
"Your big friend asked 'Is it them?' the moment the attack began," I continued, keeping my voice level and icy. "Which means that you likely knew there was the possibility of an attack. And if you knew that, then you surely have some notion of who is responsible."
"We didn't know there was going to be an attack," he said, his eyes growing somber. "We were there to investigate and had nothing to do with what happened."
"That is the spark of an answer, but not the one I truly need. Go on."
He tossed the piece up and down as we spoke.
"First off, we can start with names. I'm Istvan."
"I am Lyneth. Though you likely knew that."
After a deep breath, he proceeded with his tale.
"Matyar-the one whose tongue you enjoyed-met me during the war."
Sorrow gripped my heart as I recalled his unusual sacrifice, holding off those machines so I could escape.
"We were in the same artillery unit. That's how we met Cymkor, that big fellow you met at the Rite. He was a local auxiliary, from one of the mainlander cities siding with us."
I glanced around, seeing no sign of him. Had he also fallen during the raid on the manor?
"Months and months of war. The enemy grew quite adept at shooting down the balloons we used to power the storm-cannons, so we were useless as an artillery unit. We were pressed into infantry duty. Holding the line, raiding trenches. Ugly work."
I swallowed. My own brother had died during the course of that sort of 'ugly work.' Blinking away tears, I stared at the wretched swan-machines skimming across the muddy pond.
"With how ugly things were, we started to seek...distractions. Anything to keep us sane in the trenches. Word got around that some lads the next unit over followed one of the old cults, so we got involved too. Silly, ridiculous little rituals. Nothing as grand as the Rite of the Last Dusk but it gave us a semblance of meaning. A unity we hadn't found before. An escape.
"And then someone started hunting us. Picking off the little cells of believers within the ranks. Strange murders in the night. Aerial bombardments from friendly forces would fall on bunkers manned by believers, and they'd blame it on the weather or poor signaling. Units with large contingents of the faithful would be ordered to undertake suicidal assaults."
Istvan took a slow, shuddering breath.
"So when the war ended, we took up the hunt and tried to track down whoever it was that was hunting the old cults. We ingratiated ourselves with the local chapter of the Crimson Night, trying to find out if they had anything to do with it or knew anything. That event we attended was just a way to get closer to the priests and other believers, to see if they knew anything."
I said nothing as I reeled beneath the onslaught of those revelations. Someone was waging a shadowy crusade against the old, forbidden faiths. A crusade that had nearly gotten me killed.
"And we still don't know who exactly is behind it," he continued. "Another cult? Secular fanatics who want to ensure the old ways stay dead? Some rogue faction of the justicars?"
I unfurled the papers my father had handed me.
"And now it's my turn to offer answers," I murmured. "I believe I've found where the attackers acquired those machines. There was to be an auction of surplus naval supplies, but a fire broke out at the warehouse where those specific machines were kept. Either someone made an off-the-books purchase and set a fire to cover it up or stole the machines under the guise of the inferno."
"We find the buyers or the thieves, and we find the culprits."
"Precisely."
He snatched the papers from my grasp.
"We'll take it from here. Thank you, Lyneth."
As he rose to his feet, I scowled and grabbed his wrist.
"By the dead gods, you don't get to just walk off like that. Why go through all that trouble of arranging this meeting?"
"Because I knew you were clever and rich, and that you would have found something useful." He nodded at the paper. "Seems I was right."
"I can help. My family's resources are vast. I have access to weapons and tools you might not otherwise have; you saw what my little machines did during the attack."
His eyes flitted down towards my hand, but he did not twist out of my grasp just yet.
"Are you even a true believer? I know for many in the upper crust of Raveth society, the ceremonies are little more than games and illicit diversions. Not expressions of true faith."
"What does it matter? They nearly killed me.Thatis what matters."
"Rest assured that vengeance will be meted out without you."
"She has a point," a voice rumbled from behind me. "We could use the extra help."
Flinching, I reached for my amulet to grab the hidden razorfly, only to relax at the sight of Cymkor's brawny frame emerging from the trees just behind the benches. He wore a simple, well-fitted suit, with a frayed bowler hat tucked under his arm.
"Damned stealthy for such a brute," I grumbled, tucking my amulet away.
"We can't let more people get involved," Istvan hissed.
"We're down a man, Istvan. And she has the resources. She likely knows parts of the city better than we do."
"We can't trust her."
"Your friend told me to trustyou, though" I said softly. "Right before he pushed me over the cliff's edge to get me to safety, he told me to trust you if you found me."
"Always a damned big hero, that one," Istvan said with a snort.
"I'm sorry about your friend," I murmured. "Losing someone like that..."
"We haven't lost him," Istvan said. "Not yet. We saw the machines dragging the survivors away into the woods. If they'd wanted them dead, they'd have just killed them on the spot. In all likelihood, he and the others are still alive."
He murmured something under his breath.
"Istvan," the bigger man growled. "Remember Urvport? We needed help then and didn't ask for it, and we nearly got ourselves killed as a result. Let's not make the same mistake."
"Gods' graves," Istvan cursed. "Fine. You can help."
"Excellent," I said, rising smoothly to my feet. "Our first stop should be the auctioneer who had those naval drones. We'll need to confirm if they were stolen or sold illegally."
"Straight to business," Cymkor said with a wide grin. "Good."
I returned his smile, admiring his figure and his unmasked face.
"Before we get to that, though, who among you gave the message to those boys at the transit tower? They'd been told to look out for 'pretty lady with dark blue eyes as deep as the ocean, and hair that ripples like the night.'"
Istvan clicked his tongue.
"The little brats got it wrong. It was a 'beautiful woman with blue eyes that beckon like the ocean, and hair that ripples like the darkest night.'" He winked. "And that was from me."
Snorting, I gave his arm a playful swat, my amusement serving as a temporary distraction from the grim task before us.
**
We started by scoping out the auction house, where a bit of flattery and flirtation secured me the name of the man who'd organized the sale of those machines. From there, we used my father's contacts at the city magistrate's office to get an address for the auctioneer.
Things took a decidedly more direct turn after that. While I waited with Istvan in the street in front of the auctioneer's townhouse, Cymkor vanished down an alley.
A few minutes later, a glass window above us shattered. I whirled, my eyes ablaze, while Istvan calmly looked up and down the street, keeping watch.
A shout echoed from the broken window, followed by a wail of protest.
"Gods' graves, is Cymkor beating answers out of him?"
"Not exactly. Cymkor has a unique strategy when trying to get answers out of posh people. He just beats the hell out of their finest, fanciest possessions until he gets what he wants."
Istvan crossed the street and knelt within the pile of broken glass, and picked up a thick tome that had been flung through the window.
"It seems that this auctioneer is a collector of antique books and Cymkor is doing a bit of destructive redecorating." He tossed the book down. "We should get off the street though, just in case."
Though I scowled, I felt no sympathy at all for that auctioneer if he'd been funneling weapons to murderers and kidnappers.
We scampered across the street to another shadowy alley. Cymkor emerged from another alley a few minutes later, a satisfied grin on his face.
"You could have been a bit moresubtleabout it," I grumbled, leading us away from the ransacked townhouse.
"For Cymkor, thatwassubtle," Istvan said with a chuckle. "What did you learn?"
"Lyneth's suspicions about the fire being a coverup for a secret sale were correct. The buyer offered the auctioneer a private fee. No cut to the original sellers or anyone else. Off the books completely, and they set the fire so the sellers could write the machines off as a loss."
"And who was the buyer?" I asked, my voice trembling.
"He didn't know. It was a typical underworld deal, in an alley behind a tavern down in Dockside. Buyer was masked and cowled, so the auctioneer never saw his face. But he paid in platinum bars: half up front, half upon delivery of the machines."
Istvan sighed and shook his head.
"So all that ruckus and shattered glass for nothing."
"Not entirely. The buyer brought muscle with him. A dozen hired goons. I jogged his memory by threatening to smash one of his fancy glass bookcases. Some of the thugs had tattoos of anchors upon their hands and necks. Could be a gang of navy veterans, maybe. A possible lead."
"No," I said, shaking my head. "Not navy veterans. The Anchor Hounds: a street gang that runs Dockside."
"I imagined you were too posh to know much about street gangs," Istvan said with a crooked grin.
"The Vaspars weren'talwaysposh. My father spent time in Dockside and had to pay protection money to those bastards so they didn't burn his shop down."
"No need for subtlety dealing with thugs like that," Cymkor said, cracking his knuckles. "Just point us to their favorite tavern and we'll take care of the rest."
"Let us not be too hasty with violence yet again," I said. "We already have enough enemies. Angering one of the most powerful street gangs in Raveth is not a path we want to take. Better to be discreet. Subtle."
**
Later that evening we headed down to Dockside, passing a few coins to some vagrants to find the preferred drinking spot of the Anchor Hounds. A withered old beggar pointed us in the direction of a tavern called the Sinking Lady.
Built from the detritus of an old coal-hauler, the tavern sat upon a hill overlooking the ink-processing facilities and warehouses near the docks. The stench from the sea was so intense that I attempted to ward it off by dabbing perfume underneath my nostrils. My companions paid the stench little mind, likely having grown desensitized to such horrific smells during their time in the trenches.
As we stepped inside, my mind raced with how best to approach the situation.
In a corner, an automaton played the piano, tapping out a rowdy and jaunty tune that was quite off-key. A few dozen drunks danced in the middle of the tavern. Dockworkers and sailors leaned against the bar.
Rough men with anchor tattoos on their hands and necks sat in a corner booth, playing a game of dice.
Heads swiveled to regard us, with most of the attention paid to my fine dress and Cymkor's brawny frame.
"She just might be one of the fanciest whores ever to grace this place," one of the Anchor Hounds called out, his bright eyes affixed upon me.
Laughter rose throughout the tavern. Glaring, Cymkor took a few lumbering steps forward.
"I cracked plenty of skulls during the war, in the name of victory and liberation. But I'd be all too happy to crack a few skulls in the name of teaching you some fucking manners."
The automaton continued to pound away at the keys. Stools scraped against the floor as drunks rose from their seats to scramble away. The Anchor Hounds glowered and rose, drawing batons from beneath their ragged coats.
"Stop!" I barked, rushing forward and stepping between Cymkor and the thugs. "My associate here just thinks of himself as a bit of a minstrel. He was making a cruel and unnecessary joke." I tapped Cymkor in the chest. "Apologize."
"They called you a whore," he said, still glaring at the gangsters.
"And you are very brave and noble for standing up for me," I said with a strained smile. "But we came here for answers. Not for chivalric brawls."
I turned my smile back to the thugs, who still clutched their batons.
"Gentlemen, I apologize for his meager attempts at humor. By way of recompense, I'll pay for the next round, and I'll also repair your out-of-tune automaton. By the sound of it, the magnetic matrix needs a reset, hence the rubbish music it's been playing. I daresay you'd enjoy your dice and drinks more if the music weren't so wretched."
"Two rounds," one of the Hounds growled.
"Of course," I said, beaming. "Two rounds."
I handed my purse over to Istvan so he could buy the drinks, and bade Cymkor to follow me over to the automaton. He watched my back while I popped open the casing of the machine. In short order I cleared away the gunk surrounding the clockwork mechanisms, and reset the magnetic matrix. It would likely require a full repair or replacement within a few months, but at least the dreadful music had stopped.
Once I rebooted the machine, the automated hands pounded at the keys once more, this time perfectly in-tune.
"Gods' graves," the bartender said with a bright smile. "That thing's been playing that rubbish so long I'd almost forgotten what a decent song sounded like."
"There," I said, wiping my hands free of oil and smiling at the Hounds. "Now can we discuss business?"
After a brief glare at Cymkor, the thugs nodded, and I pulled up a chair beside their booth.
"I represent certain parties who are interested in acquiring automatons for naval use," I said.
Their eyes lit up in recognition and interest.
"Given that your organization is the true authority down here in Dockside, I wanted to start with you. Not only to gain your approval for any transaction done in your territory, but also to make arrangements for a possible finder's fee if you can help arrange the deal."
"Popular thing to buy these days," said a wiry fellow who was missing his left eye. He had surprisingly nice teeth for a dockside thug.
"So I've heard. It seems another party has been nabbing up every spare machine that goes on sale, and my client is playing catchup."
"We may or may not have a lead on such items. I can make no promises," the one-eyed man said. "But I can make inquiries."
"That is all that I ask," I said with a warm smile. "I can come back tomorrow evening to see if your inquiries have borne fruit."
"Best make it two evenings. Dockside is a big place."
"Of course. Two evenings."
I rose smoothly from my chair and marched over to the bar, where I found Istvan swapping war stories with some of the sailors. After placing a hand on his shoulder, I murmured into his ear.
"I wager the Hounds will send a messenger from here to check on those machines. Think you can tail them?"
He gave a slow nod and ordered another drink. After downing it, he made a show of swaying a little, then wiped at his mouth.
"By the dead gods, it's been too long since I've had proper sailor's ale. Need some fresh air."
The sailors laughed and jeered as he stumbled out of the tavern, and Cymkor took Istvan's place at the bar.
"Sorry about that," he said, his voice low and soft. "Call it instinct."
"It's all right," I said, patting his hand. "In another context, I'd have gladly stepped back and let you do your brutal work. But tonight required a softer touch."
He ground his teeth.
"I'm always raring for a fight. Even more than usual after what happened. Especially since I couldn't stop it. So every chance that arises to come to blows..." Cymkor snorted. "Even if they'd have just looked at you funny instead of outright insulting you, I'd have probably handled it the same way."
"I understand." I patted his hand again. "But if you need to let off some steam, there are plenty of underground boxing rings here in Dockside."
"That's not the only sort of outlet, though," he said, his bright blue eyes drifting from his drink to meet my gaze.
I swallowed, recalling how hungry those eyes had been back at the manor, and how those brutish hands had clasped my hips.
"Are you certain that's wise?"
"Nothing about what we're doing is wise, Lyneth." Cymkor downed his drink and turned his scarred hand over, gently taking hold of mine.
I shivered at how small and delicate I felt within his grasp, at the memories of how that hand had gripped the back of my neck as he'd spilled himself inside me.
"Once we know more, perhaps we can relax a bit," I murmured, not wanting to run off for a back-alley fuck while Istvan was out there trailing the Hounds' messenger.
"Of course."
I took a seat beside him and ordered a cup of wine, though I was certain it would be rubbish compared to what I was used to.
"You handled yourself quite well with those wretches," Cymkor said with a nod at the corner booth.
"Believe it or not, it's not my first time dealing with gangsters. Even the nicer district where I have my workshop is plagued by organized crime. The thugs there are a bit more...polite and discreet, of course, but I have had to negotiate protection payments on behalf of some of my suppliers. And I've sat alongside my father during some of his own delicate negotiations with the larger crime syndicates."
I took a slow sip of the wine, finding it to be not quite as dreadful as I'd feared.
"And of course, dealing with the upper echelons of Ravethi society is really just like dealing with another sort of gangster. What is a guild or a corporation but a gang with a bit more class and a bit more money? In truth, street gangs like the Anchor Hounds probably havelessblood on their hands compared to some businesses."
"Like your father's?"
"No, he never got into the arms trade. Industrial and fishing applications only."
"A principled man."
"In some ways, yes," I said with a soft laugh. "But the arms business comes with more red tape. Every arms factory and munitions workshop must have a government overseer to monitor production. Father didn't want that. And there was still plenty of money to be made in other industries."
Istvan returned, still playing up his drunkenness by swaying a little.
"Tailed their errand boy," he murmured under his breath. "Let's go."
Cymkor and I downed our drinks and we took Istvan by the shoulders, steadying him on the way out. One of the Anchor Hounds whistled and winked at me, earning a glare from Cymkor.
Once we were some distance down the moonlit street, Istvan dropped the ruse.
"Their messenger went to a ship. A kraken-hunter, by the looks of it. Called theErrant Storm. Heavily guarded. A few automatons like the ones from the raid. Human guards, too. At least ten."
"It's a bit brazen, isn't it, to be holding prisoners right there in the middle of the docks?" Cymkor asked.
"Whoever the kidnappers are, they've already made friends with the Anchor Hounds, who are the true power in Dockside," I said. "With the Hounds on their side, they can do pretty much whatever they please down here. With a few bribes to the local justicars...that ship is practically invisible in the eyes of the law."
"As much as I want to crack some skulls tonight, we'd best play it safe," said Cymkor, glaring off into the darkness.
"Agreed. We dare not make a move now," I said. "I say we go back to my workshop, and you two can sleep there for the night. I'll return to the family home, fill in my father, and see what he can find out about that ship. I'll check in when I can."
**
I strode through the front door of the estate with a proud smile upon my face. My mother was writing letters in the sitting room, so I headed to my father's study, where he was poring over designs for a new variant of aerostat.
"Oh," he said, looking up from his work. "Excellent. I've been wanting to speak to-"
"I found them," I blurted, my smile widening. "A kraken-hunter moored in Dockside. It's called theErrant Storm, and it's guarded by the same automatons that attacked the manor."
"Gods' graves," he hissed, rising from his chair and rushing across the room. After slamming the door shut, he took a deep breath and grabbed my shoulders. "You didn't approach, did you?"
"Of course not. One of my...associates surveilled it. With your connections and resources, perhaps we can arrange to have it raided and searched."
"We shall do no such thing. We shall do nothing at all, in fact."
My eyes widened.
"Father?"
"I've done some research. Quite frankly, it's better for the family to just stay out of this. You're safe: that is what matters."
"But I'm not safe, father. Not if those people are still out there."
"They won't dare attack the estate or within the city itself."
"How can you possibly know that?" I snarled, squirming out of his grasp. "Who did you talk to? What did you learn?"
Eyes downcast, he wandered back to his desk.
"I spoke to Miklos Zonkara."
The mention of that name was nearly as shocking as my father's other revelations. Miklos had been a dear friend of my brother and had been wounded in the very same battle where Gavriel had died. In the carefree years before the war, Gavriel had teased me for having a crush on the dashing young man.
"What does Miklos have to do with this?"
"After the war he joined the Chamber of Internal Security. Given his connections, I sought him out."
Of course he had consulted with a government spy about this: Miklos had been a viable lead and a natural asset to exploit.
"And he says the Chamber is looking into the matter and it is best for us to stay out of it," he continued.
"Well then you can pass along the information about that ship to him."
"You do not understand. He said to stay out of it. Completely. No snooping, no investigating, no contacting him at all about it."
I swallowed.
How far, exactly, did this conspiracy reach? Were those shadowy killers somehow connected to the highest rungs of Raveth's government? Or was the Chamber in fact investigating and just wanted us out of the crossfire?
"All right," I said with a slow, careful nod.
For years I had been a dutiful daughter, following in my father's footsteps, stepping up to assist more with the business when Gavriel had gone off to war...
It was thus easy to pretend.
"I think I will go back to my workshop for the evening, though. The walk there will clear my head and I'm falling behind in my own work thanks to all this running around." After a smile, I reached out and gently squeezed his shoulder. "With my guardians, of course. Just in case. And no more snooping."
My father gave me a slow, weak smile before leaning up to kiss me on the cheek.
"Check in with your mother before you go, though. She is already in the planning stages for next month's lunar feast and will want your input."
Gods' graves, of course my mother would be obsessing over some silly social event when there was a damned conspiracy afoot.
**
It took nearly an hour to extricate myself from my mother's clutches. The sun had long set by the time I returned to my workshop on the other side of the district. Every step of that journey had set my frustration ablaze, and so I very nearly threw the door off its hinges when I barged my way inside.
Cymkor and Istvan rose from their workbenches, reaching for revolvers. Both men chuckled, giving me bashful smiles as they relaxed and stowed their weapons.
Ignoring their apologies, I slammed the door and stomped across the room. Without a word, I flung myself into my work, tinkering with my razorfly designs.
"Well?" Istvan asked after a few minutes. "Is your father going to help? I imagine he could conjure an army of mercenaries with a snap of his fingers."
My hands shook with irritation; I nicked myself against one of the sharpened wings of the little machine while I worked. Hissing with pain, I wiped the blood on my dress.
"Lyneth?" Istvan said, rising from his own work to join me at my bench. "What's wrong?"
"The fucking Chamber of Internal Security, that's what's wrong. My father reached out to a contact of his there and they told us to bugger off. To stop snooping around."
"Shit," Istvan murmured.
"Why are you so angry about that?" Cymkor asked. "That's agoodthing, right? If Raveth's most dangerous spies are hunting the same people we are-"
"They may not be hunting them. They may beprotectingthem. Even if they aren't outright allying with those people, they may just want to cover it all up. With the old faiths being illegal, the Chamber would probablyapproveif someone else wiped out the cults."
"So we could be going up against the damned Chamber now, too."
"Not if we play our cards right," I said, glaring down at the little drop of blood that had leaked onto my workspace. "If we act openly, that may draw the ire of the Chamber, so we just need to be even more careful. If we can gather more information, perhaps we can expose those killers without fearing backlash. Or we can learn enough to take them down ourselves."
I rose from the bench and crossed over to a case filled with other schematics. Even as blood droplets leaked upon the floor, I sifted through the texts and documents.
"Lyneth," said Istvan. "You're bleeding."
He took me by the hand. When I tried to brush him off, he gripped my wrist. Ignoring my glare, he told Cymkor to fetch a bandage. While my free hand sifted through the documents, Istvan tended to the little wound.
"You needn't have bothered," I mumbled. "Was barely a scratch."
My eyes lit up as I spotted what I'd been looking for amidst the books and documents.
"Here," I said, placing a heavy book down upon the bench. "From a series of designs my father's company abandoned. Acoustic imaging devices, intended for use in undersea devices."
"How does that help us evade the Chamber's ire?" Cymkor asked.
I flipped through the pages in a blur, tapping at the various schematics.
"I should be able to cobble together a sensor like these. We can then affix it to an automaton, guide it to theErrant Stormand have it record audio through the hull. We'll be able to eavesdrop on whatever's going on inside. We can confirm how many are within, if they have prisoners, and what they're up to."
"Bloody brilliant," Istvan said, peering over my shoulder at the schematics.
His hip bumped into mine, jostling me against the desk.
"Is that your manner of flirting?" I said with a snort.
"No," rumbled Cymkor. "That was mine. I gave him that little shove."
"Gods' graves, you two are incorrigible."
I turned around and leaned back against the desk, my gaze drifting back and forth between their smirking faces.
"Luckily for you two, the parts I need aren't here," I said, barely able to suppress a smirk of my own. "I'll have to stop at a few shops that aren't open this late. So if you two lustful brutes are in need of a distraction, I suppose-"
Before I could finish, Istvan gripped the back of my neck and mashed his lips against mine. I giggled against him, my hands rising to grip his shoulders. After my tongue clashed with his for a few moments, I broke away, letting out a laugh that rippled through my workshop.
They weren't the only ones in need of a distraction.
Istvan slid to his left and set to licking at my neck, while Cymkor leaned in to claim a gentle kiss from me.
"So your behavior at the Rite was not an aberration, was it?" I muttered against Cymkor's hungry lips. "You two like to share?"
"Yes," Istvan murmured, his lips warm against my neck. "It was...a bit of a necessity, back during the war. There were so few women around that we had to share if we wanted a woman at all."
The mention of the war brought my brother to mind. I gritted my teeth and dispelled those old memories, focusing solely on the sensations inflicted by Istvan's tongue and the iron strength of Cymkor's broad frame.
"And do you two ever...enjoy each other?"
Both men chuckled.
"No," said Cymkor. "We're comfortable enough around each other, of course. We have to be for situations like this. But we both prefer..." To demonstrate, he groped my breast through the fine fabric of my dress.
I moaned at the firm touch and gave him another kiss.
Cymkor gripped my hips and we traded kisses as he dragged me across the room. With a grunt, he lifted me into his arms and placed my backside onto the edge of a workbench, sending tools and gears clattering to the floor.
"Make sure to pick all that up when you're done," I grumbled.
Sighing, I braced my arms against the bench as Cymkor yanked the dress up to my waist, then slid my silk panties down over my stockings and boots. He flicked the garments away, adding to the mess he'd already made upon the floor.
"Don't worry," Istvan said, chuckling. "We'll pick that up, too."
Considering how rough Cymkor had been with me during the Rite, I'd expected the big man to simply yank off his trousers and plow into me. To my surprise, he knelt down, his scarred hands running over my shaking thighs.
His thumb rolled over my folds, exposing my clit. My eyes fluttered and I leaned back, grinning up at Istvan as he steadied me.
After a few moments of teasing his thumb over me, Cymkor murmured under his breath and slipped a single finger inside of my sex, moving with slow, smooth thrusts.
A soft sigh left my lips.
"I can be quite loud," I murmured up at Istvan, my eyes fluttering. "We wouldn't want me to disturb any of the other shops around, would we?"
Of course, the walls of my shop had been insulated against noise due to how loud my machinery could get. And nobody would have been around that late, regardless.
That particular tease was just an excuse to get him to use my mouth.
Istvan flicked his tongue against my lips and pushed against my shoulders, placing my back against the workbench, resting my head just over the edge.
As I moaned beneath Cymkor's fingers, Istvan freed his cock from his trousers. I licked my lips at the sight of the shaft that had nearly claimed me during the Rite.
Though I longed to have Istvan use me as Cymkor had, for the moment I was content to taste his cock while Cymkor tended to my sex.
As I let out a soft cry at a firm lick from Cymkor, Istvan guided his cock past my gaping lips. I tilted my head back as far as I could, taking him deep. The pleasure flaring throughout my body was enough to distract me from the faint ache in my neck.
Breathing through my nose, I steadied myself as Istvan pulled back, then rocked his hips forward again. I squealed and gurgled at that first thrust, my hands fluttering and rising to grasp at his firm ass.
Istvan took things slowly and first, gently fucking my mouth while his comrade continued to work against my sex. Though Cymkor was not quite as deft with his tongue as Matyar, he nonetheless had me moaning and whimpering around Istvan's cock.
Gods' graves, how I wanted to stare down into those blue eyes of his while he worked, but I was too focused on taking Istvan as deeply as I could.
My muffled whimpers and gurgling moans rippled through my workshop.
"Damn, Cymkor," Istvan growled. "This mouth of hers..."
As if to reward me for how well I was taking him, he reached down and unbuttoned my vest, exposing my silken tunic to the cool air of the workshop. Firm fingers kneaded my left breast through the thin fabric.
Cymkor soon joined him, teasing at my right breast, his tongue not losing its rhythm.
By the dead gods, those men were well-coordinated. A holdover from their time working an artillery piece together, no doubt.
Hungry moans thrummed against my folds. Little grunts emerged from Istvan's lips; his fingers tightened around my nipple through the silk, plucking gently for a moment.
Drool escaped my lips, rolling down my chin and forming a froth with the pearly droplets leaking from the tip of his cock. I whined around Istvan's shaft; he twitched in response. My shaking hand rose, clutching at his wrist while my stocking-clad legs rose to drape over Cymkor's shoulders.
"That's it," Istvan growled. "Moan against my cock. Come for us."
I surrendered completely to the sensations, relishing in the control they had over me. Istvan's encouragement and the taste of his manhood certainly didn't hurt, either.
Moaning and thrashing, I obeyed Istvan's command, the muffled sounds bouncing through my workshop. My legs flailed into the air, a surge of dew greeting Cymkor's questing fingers. The mainlander growled and grunted between my legs, licking and fingering me through the little bursts of pleasure which followed that climax.
Surely not my last of the evening, given the hunger of those two.
Istvan slipped out of my mouth, holding my hand while I gasped for air. I saw stars for a moment and gave him a lazy, contented smile.
"You didn't finish. Impressive self-control."
"Came damned close, though," he said, grinning.
After Cymkor's last few licks, I sobbed a little as he pulled away, though the sight of his moistened lips brought my smile back in a heartbeat. He handed me a handkerchief; I wiped the mess from my lips and chin.
"What now? It would hardly be fair to leave you two unsatisfied..."
The sound of Cymkor tearing off his belt caused my smile to widen.
"What do you think?" Cymkor asked his friend. "Shall we use her like that dancer in Urvport?"
"Not sure if she's ready for that yet," Istvan murmured, gently plucking at my nipple again. "How about what we did to that skyship pilot back at Fort Castaa?"
"Which one? The blonde or the redhead?"
I let out a hungry laugh at the way they spoke about me as if I wasn't even there, my mind racing with lurid images of what they'd done to those other women.
Before Cymkor could answer, I lunged and reached out to shove his trousers down his legs. My eager hand grasped his manhood, giving it a few strokes. Both men laughed, even as I moaned at the memories of what that wondrous cock had done to me back in the manor.
I wasted no time. After tugging on his hips and bringing him a bit closer to the bench, I brought my mouth down upon him, turning his next chuckle into a hungry groan. As I bobbed up and down on the mainlander's shaft, I tilted my hips in a silent invitation for Istvan to take what he needed.
Reaching back with one hand, I caressed my folds, marveling at how wet Cymkor had made me. Istvan accepted the invitation, guiding the tip of his cock right towards my sopping entrance.
I lifted my mouth just in time, my eyes bulging and nearly crossing at the feel of that wondrous intrusion. Still eager to tend to Cymkor despite that momentary distraction, my free hand stroked his shaft.
For a moment I rested my forehead against his taut stomach, catching my breath and mewling as Istvan settled into a wondrous series of slow, deep thrusts.
After that first climax, I'd been simmering right on the edge of another one. Istvan's shaft and my own trembling fingers brought that simmer right up to a boil. Cymkor gently gripped my chin, giving me a few moments before he guided my gaping mouth back to his stiff shaft.
Gods' graves, how I loved it. To be worshiped and used, to be the center of attention, to have two strong, handsome men focused entirely on me...
"I told you how good her cunt felt," Cymkor growled.
"Aye," Istvan said, panting as his hips trembled, each thrust sending ripples through my backside. "And a damned fine mouth too, eh?"
"Indeed," he rumbled, running his hands through my hair with one hand as the other continued to gently grip under my chin. "Won't be long now."
Their banter and praise set me off a few moments later. I cried out against Cymkor's shaft, the muffled exaltation quickly turning into a storm of meek whimpers and sobs. My eyes fluttered, my neck straining with the effort to gaze up into his blue eyes as I came.
Cymkor joined me in bliss a moment later, his thick cock surging past my lips. After a few twitches, the first burst of his seed splashed deep within my mouth. I moaned and gurgled, swallowing as best I could, but his offering was simply too great for me to take. The mess leaked past my lips, dripping down my cheeks.
Sensing my need for a bit of relief, the big man withdrew his pulsating shaft, spewing the last bits of seed onto my hungry lips. Istvan continued to plow against me, turning my raspy sobs into louder, hungrier cries.
"Gods' graves, that's it," he snapped, his hips pounding against my ass. "So-"
The last word erupted into a groan. My eyes bulged as he came inside me, spewing his essence deep within. My fervent, aching fingers continued to massage my clit, utilizing his last few thrusts as fuel for another fire.
My next climax was a quiet and short one; I let out a few broken little whimpers, my head thrashing as Cymkor steadied me. I rocked back against Istvan's still-hard cock. He worked with me, fucking me right into my next peak despite having already found his own release.
I let out one last sob and went limp. After a few gentle touches to my backside, Istvan slipped out of me. Mumbling incoherently, I rolled onto my back and stared up at the ceiling.
"I wager this workshop has never had that particular work done here before," Istvan said with a snicker, while Cymkor handed me a cup of water.
"You'd be wrong," I said, gulping the water down before giving Istvan an impish grin. "I helped a university classmate of mine test out an invention of his here."
"An invention? That doesn't sound particularly fun."
"You only say that because you don't know what the invention was," I said, licking my lips. "A vibrating dildo. An absolutely wondrous little gadget. It proved to be a best-seller, in fact."
They laughed and pulled up their trousers before collapsing back into their chairs. After a few minutes of catching my breath and finishing that cup of water, I rose, bracing my back against the workbench.
"This dancer in Urvport you mentioned," I said, wiping sweat from my brow. "What did you do to her that was so intense you thought I couldn't handle it?"
The hunger faded in Cymkor's eyes and he glanced down at the ground.
"I mentioned it in the heat of the moment. Almost...almost forgot about Matyar."
"Oh," I murmured, clearing my throat. "I'm sorry, then. Pick another thing to tease me about, then."
"It's all right," Istvan said, clapping Cymkor on the shoulder. "We'll get him back. And you know Matyar would scold you for holding back a debauched story like that on his account."
"Fair point," Cymkor said, his smile returning. "Anyway, that dancer was sent to entertain the troops when we were on leave. Matyar hit it off with her, since he has a knack for dance and music. One thing led to another, and the three of us shared her. Matyar used her ass, while Istvan and I swapped back and forth between her mouth and her sex."
"Gods' graves," I murmured, my heart skipping a beat. "I've certainly endured my share of wickedness, but nothing quite like that."
I crossed the room on shaky legs and patted Cymkor on the cheek, my mind racing with thoughts of myself undergoing such a challenge.
"Once we free Matyar, we'll see if I can live up to that dancer's example."
He leaned into my touch, kissing my fingers.
"Aye. We will."
After buttoning up my dress I smoothed out the fabric, grateful for the fact that I had an oversized coat to cover up the mess they'd made of my clothing.
"I'll have to return home, to put my parents' mind at ease. Plenty of space for you to sleep here, though a workshop doesn't exactly come well-furnished."
"We've slept in worse places," Istvan said. "We'll make do."
After promising to make arrangements to have cots and bedrolls delivered eventually, I gave them each a kiss on the cheek and made my way home.
**
If my parents suspected that I was continuing the investigation, they gave no sign of it when I returned. After enjoying my deepest slumber since the attack on the manor, I stopped at the market for a few supplies, and returned to the workshop.
They were already hard at work, oiling and cleaning their weapons.
After setting down my box of supplies, I noticed Istvan fiddling with the cylinder of the revolver, which didn't quite close all the way.
"Damned standard-issue rubbish," he grumbled. "Every single one of these Restov models has a busted cylinder like that."
"Allow me," I said, taking the weapon. I popped open the cylinder, inspecting the weapon and noticing a slight imperfection in the frame. With a metal file I scraped away a bit of the metal and tested the cylinder once again.
It snapped shut, easy and clean.
"You know your weapons," Istvan said, grinning as he took his weapon back.
"I know tools and machines. And weapons are just another tool." Stepping back, I wagged a finger at my lovers. "Now I will have a lot of work to do in order to prepare our little spy device. So no distractions. No flirting, no teasing, no sharing bawdy tales about dancers in Urvport."
"No worries there," Cymor said. "We finished all of our bawdy talk over tea this morning, when we talked about how much fun we had fucking you last night."
I flashed him a playful glare and snatched up the last of my supplies, before heading over to my bench on the far side of the workshop.
Given the intensity of my work, I barely even noticed Cymkor leaving to fetch lunch. When he returned, I almost swooned at the smell of freshly baked bread and roasted swordfish.
"Gods' graves, how did you know that's what I wanted?" I said, groaning at the smell.
"I didn't," Cymkor asked, laughing as he set the swordfish sandwich upon the bench, complete with a cup filled with fried dough, sprinkled with spices and cheese: a classic Ravethi street meal.
"I'm surprised a posh woman like you even knows what this sort of stuff tastes like," Istvan said, taking a bite of his own.
"My father practically grew up on these meals down in Dockside. When he became rich, he hired the best street chefs from the docks to keep making their special recipes, just for us. He said it didn't taste quite as good, though. Something about the smog and the pollution of the docks makes the bread better, according to him."
"Aye, that makes sense," Cymkor said, nodding thoughtfully after a big bite. "During the war, I found that the stew always tasted better when it was made in the trenches. Something about the smoke and the gunpowder residue just give it that extra bit of flavor."
"Your father started from the bottom, yes? Thought I saw that mentioned in one of the papers," Istvan said, snorting at Cymkor's comment about wartime stew.
"Yes. What of it?"
"Most of the rich people I met in the army were officers who came from long lines of money. They'd have to go back centuries to find an ancestor who did an honest day's work."
"I have some of that in my bloodline, too," I said, after devouring a piece of spiced fried dough. "My mother comes from one of the old families. She started seeing my father just to spite her own parents. For her circle of friends, causing a scandal like that was just another pastime. That little scandalous dalliance turned into lasting love, though."
I cocked my head.
"You two know so much about me; like you said, you can find out about my family in the papers. But I know next to nothing about you, other than your time at war and your affinity for the old faith."
"Not much of a story," Istvan said with a shrug. "Grew up here in Raveth, down in the Gilded District."
Despite its name, that region of the city was anything but posh. Though not quite as rough as Dockside, it was certainly a place I'd not travel to without my guardian automatons.
"My parents ran a small tailor shop, mostly doing work for the justicars. All my life I dreamed of growing up to be a noble enforcer of the city's laws, cleaning up the streets of the Gilded District, being a big damned hero. Of course, you needed sponsorship to apply. One way to get that was to join the service. So I signed up with the People's Legions, expecting a four-year stint of garrison duty and shore patrol.
"War with Orkara broke out six months into my enlistment. I was sent off to artillery school, which is where I met Matyar. Then it was off to the mainland." He spread his hands. "The less details about the war, the better."
"Of course, of course," I murmured. "And your parents? Are they still in the Gilded District?"
"Aye. Still running their shop. Given our current work, it's too risky for me to visit them at the moment."
"Well. Here's hoping we finish our investigation quickly so you can see them again."
I cast an expectant glance over at Cymkor.
"It is a short tale," he said, before finishing off the last of his food. "I hail from the mainland city-state of Sorthayl. Old rivals of Orkara. So when Raveth went to war with Orkara, we sided with Raveth. Enemy of our enemy, and all that. When my unit was wiped out, we were folded into the Ravethi legions. That's how I met the others."
I'd heard enough scattered tales of hardship on the mainland to know that pressing him for more would have been unwelcome. Even before the carnage of the most recent war, the mainland had seemed like a dreadful place to live if the newspapers were to be believed. Horrific storms ravaged the countryside. Thick jungles unleashed dreadful plagues year after year. Constant warfare between the city-states claimed countless lives. Sorthayl in particular had been ravaged by plagues and storms during the war, falling to Orkara towards the end.
Only a valiant offensive by the Ravethi forces had retaken the city and forced the Orkarans to settle on Raveth's terms.
My brother had died within the trenches beneath Sorthayl's walls as part of that very offensive.
"That's not the first time the brief mention of war has put that dark gleam in your eyes," said Istvan. "And you mentioned losing someone, when I told you about Matyar..."
"My brother Gavriel." I swallowed, stared down at my hands. "He died during the last assault to retake Sorthayl."
"I owe him respect and honor, then," said Cymkor, his voice low and solemn.
"He wouldn't have seen it that way. He just...thought he was doing his duty."
"Where is he buried?" Cymkor asked, earning a little glare from Istvan.
"Better to drop it, Cymkor."
"If this man died liberating my people, then I must undertake the proper rites at his grave. It is the way of Sorthayl."
"He's beneath a tree in the rear garden of the family estate," I said, taking a deep breath. "So it is not the best place for you to pay your respects, given the current circumstances."
Cymkor rose and vanished into the little room where he'd been staying, then returned with a glass vial and a small knife.
"If you would do the honors, then. It is the way of Sorthayl. A weapon for the worthy dead, so they may protect themselves in the afterlife." His thick fingers tapped the vial. "And within is some soil from Sorthayl. Every man of Sorthayl takes a memento of home with him when he leaves. You would honor me and my people if you would place it above his grave, so that Sorthayl can protect him, as he protected us."
My lungs seized up as my trembling hands collected the items. After a few deep breaths I managed a nod, and nearly dropped the vial before setting it down upon the bench.
I shivered as he leaned down and kissed the top of my head.
"Gods' graves," I murmured, wiping at my tears once more. "That was quite the distraction. Back to work."
After all, Gavriel would not have languished in sorrow and grief, and would have intensified his efforts on the task at hand.
**
By late afternoon the next day, I had installed an acoustic sensor upon a small automaton designed for repairing fishing vessels. My modifications to its magnetic clamps would ensure it stayed latched on long enough to collect plenty of audio from within the vessel. As I worked, Cymkor did a bit of scouting in the harbor to get an idea for the depth of the water and a more precise size of the ship.
Armed with that knowledge, I was able to program the little machine. We could drop it in the water a few hundred yards away, and it would swim to the underside of theErrant Storm, clamp itself to the hull, and record whatever was going on inside.
If our little scheme worked, we could then plan our next move.
At dusk we headed for the docks, choosing a spot on a public pier a few hundred yards from our target. I stared across the murky water at the mysterious ironclad, just barely able to make out movement upon its moonlit deck.
The vessel, though possibly home to wicked cultists and their prisoners, looked just like every other kraken-hunter moored at Dockside. It was an ugly, squat vessel adorned with cranes, harpoons, and turrets designed to take on the sea's worst monsters. Were it not for our mission, I'd have not paid it any mind at all.
"Looks clear," Istvan murmured, his eyes drifting across the boardwalk.
Only a few people were about. Sailors headed back to their ships, dockworkers wandered about in search of a tavern, and a few sleepy beggars rested near the transit tower.
Crouching down, I opened my backpack and withdrew the footlong centipedal machine. A flick of my fingers over its runes brought it to life. Its appendages wriggled and whirred, aching to slice through the water that it had been designed to explore.
After one last careful glance at the target, I slipped the machine into the water.
"How long will it take?" Istvan asked.
"A few minutes to reach the ship," I said, hoping all of the extensive modifications hadn't doomed the little machine's reactor. "And I programmed it to remain attached for an hour. Then it will return here, we can collect the recordings, and then re-assess."
"Plenty of time for a drink, then," Istvan said with a grin. "Just not at the place where we met those Anchor Hounds, lest we arouse their suspicions."
Too damned nervous to even think about getting a bit tipsy, I walked with my lovers down the boardwalk until we found a quiet bar. Judging from the scars and ink-stains borne by the other patrons, this was a favored haunt for sailors from the kraken-hunting ships. They were rough, wild men who were warriors in their own right. Some of them had no doubt seen more action than sailors of the city's navy.
Settling in at the bar, I sipped on tea while Istvan made fast friends with the sailors, asking them for stories about krakens and other sea beasts. Notably, he never gave his actual name. Any details he divulged about himself were contradictory from what he'd told me earlier.
I smiled a little, realizing he was helping to spin stories that would serve as cover in case anyone came asking around about unusual characters.
"You told me your father wasn't an arms trader," Cymkor murmured, our conversation masked by Istvan's banter with the others. "And yet you're making those little razorflies."
"They didn't start as weapons. Instead, they started as a little amusement, a side project I undertook while I was a girl. As I grew older, I realized I needed a discreet means of self-defense." I brushed my fingers over the amulet. "I doubt I'll ever sell them, other than perhaps in small batches to other people who need discreet defenses."
"Then what's the dream? Every tinkerer has some grand invention they fantasize about."
"Know many tinkerers, do you?"
"A few. From the cults. From the war."
"Flight," I said with a bright smile. "I want to devise some sort of clockwork contraption that serves as affixable wings for a person to wear. Some of the progress I've made on aerodynamics for the razorflies has proven promising, but there's so many other considerations. Reactor output, weight, safety, heat dispersion..."
"Why?"
"Why would I want to fly?" I asked with a soft laugh. "Why would Inotwant to? Have you never looked at a bird and felt a flash of envy?"
"Of course not. They're ugly, wretched little things who shit everywhere. Why would I envy that?"
Laughing, I swatted him on the arm.
"I'm serious. I'd never want to be a bird. Now..." He cocked his head. "A shark. Aye. Some sort of clockwork contraption that lets me breathe underwater and swim as fast as a shark? That'd be my dream."
"Once I perfect the secrets of personal flight devices, I shall begin work at once on a shark-suit for you, Cymkor."
We shared a laugh and I finally relaxed enough to have a small glass of brandy. It tasted like absolute piss compared to my father's stock, but Cymkor's company helped dull the bitterness somewhat.
After a bit more banter with the sailors, Cymkor joined Istvan in a round of dice. Before long they were betting away coins and spilling more falsified stories to help conceal their true purpose. I glanced at my pocket-watch. A thrill jolted through me.
It was nearly time.
After downing a cup of tea to fend off the brandy's influence, I collected my lovers and stepped back out into the night.
When we were halfway across the street, someone called out my name. My heart sank and I stopped in my tracks.
About twenty feet down the street stood a tall, lean young man wearing a fine suit, a dark brown greatcoat, and a bowler hat with a feather in it. Playful brown eyes gleamed at me through a set of little spectacles.
Miklos Zonkara.
My brother's best friend. Hero of the last war.
Agent of the Chamber of Internal Security.
The man whose warning had terrified my father.
"Oh, don't tell me you don't recognize me," he said warmly after I failed to reply. Smiling, he approached and gave a little bow of his head. "It's me, Miklos."
"Oh, yes, yes," I said quickly, adopting the persona of a prim and proper young woman despite my surroundings. "It's been so long. Not since..." I managed not to flinch. "Not since the funeral."
"Indeed," he said, his smile fading.
My lovers glanced at the man. Tension rippled through their hands.
"And who are your friends?"
"Not friends," Cymkor said. "Bodyguards. Dockside is a dangerous place for a young woman."
"Indeed," Miklos said. "Which begs the question: what are you doing out here, Lyneth?"
"Research. Since I will soon be taking a larger role in the family business, I want to hit the ground running. With how dangerous kraken-hunting is, I think capable automatons would make quite the asset. The sailors utilize old, surplus military models to help with the hunts, and I think they deserve something better."
I didn't dare look over at the pier where I'd deposited my scout. Given the time that had passed, the little machine had likely returned and was waiting for me to collect it.
If Miklos spared one quick glance over there, it would all be over.
"Ah, brilliant," Miklos said, keeping his eyes upon me. "I am sorry to have bothered you, Lyneth. When time permits, I'll have to make arrangements for another family dinner. It's been ages, after all."
"Of course, my friend," I said with the sweetest smile I could muster.
The agent of the Chamber gave a warm smile to Cymkor and Istvan, then turned and went on his way, heading up the cobblestone street that led to the transit tower.
Only once he was halfway down the street did I look over to the pier. My little automaton waited at the edge of the water, its metallic carapace flickering in the moonlight.
"Bloody fucking gods' graves," Istvan hissed at Cymkor. "You caught that too, didn't you?"
"Aye," said Cymkor, glowering at the young man's back. "The little tilt of his hips to show that he was armed? Cheeky bastard."
I hadn't caught that at all. Given their much greater experience with violent men, that was hardly a surprise.
After bidding Istvan to keep watch in case Miklos returned, I rushed over to the pier to fetch my waiting automaton. Once I'd collected the recording crystal from its underbelly, I shoved the machine back into its pouch.
"Quickly. Back to the workshop."
"No," said Cymkor. "If he sees you rushing back there, you'll only arouse his suspicions further. Better to linger here a while. Play at doing some 'research.' Talk to a few ship captains. Make it look believable."
**
After a nerve-racking hour of wandering among the other kraken-hunting ships on a fact-finding mission about the use of automatons, we headed back for the workshop.
I'd half-expected to find it in flames or surrounded by justicars. To my relief, it was just the way we'd left it: quiet and secure.
Once we were inside, my shaking hands popped the recording crystal into a phonograph.
"Please work, please work, please work," I murmured under my breath.
The machine whirred and clicked. A low hum emerged from the speakers, followed by a dull droning noise. After a few clicks, a faint voice rose through the hum. I adjusted the output a little.
"Lamprey stew again,"a voice said."By the graces of old, I'm getting sick of this slop."
"Be grateful,"said another."It's better than what we ate at the front."
"Not by much. Another bowl of this and I'll start to hunger for rats again."
The bickering about meals continued for several minutes. The voices faded. Footsteps flickered through the speakers. Long minutes passed, with no sound save for a low hum and the occasional footstep.
Another patter of footsteps, faster than the others. A door slammed.
"Saw him snooping around again. The skinny prick with the spectacles."
"Your friend Miklos?" Istvan murmured.
Cymkor and I both shushed him.
"Thought we paid off the justicars,"said a woman's low voice.
"He's not one of them. Maybe he's one of the people who got away from the manor."
"Possibly. Could be an uglier possibility. The Legions. Or the Chamber."
"By the graces of old,"the woman said."Just what we need."
"Chamber, Legions, justicars...it matters not,said a thin, raspy voice who hadn't spoken up before."We're almost done here. The new additions will see the light soon enough."
"Which reminds me,"said the woman."It's almost time."
"Yes, yes."
For the next few minutes, the conspirators mumbled under their breath and chanted prayers.
"Followers of the old ways, definitely," said Istvan. "And what they said a few times, 'by the old graces...' that's an archaic curse. Some of the faithful back in the war would say it, especially those from Urvport."
"You don't recognize any of the voices, do you?" I asked.
"No," said Cymkor, shaking his head.
From what I could tell from the recording, there were at least six distinct voices taking part in that little service. I paused the recording to take a few notes.
"The 'new additions' they referred to...maybe they mean the prisoners," Istvan said. "The talk about seeing the light: maybe they're trying to convert them. Sway them to their particular path?"
I nodded and resumed the recording. The prayer service wrapped up and the cultists returned to their complaints about the lamprey stew.
"Did the Hounds touch base again about the buyers for the machines?"one said.
"No. Got cold feet, I suppose."
"For the best. We still have need of those machines anyway and we don't want anyone else snooping around."
I breathed a sigh of relief, grateful that our little ploy with the Anchor Hounds hadn't yet tipped them off.
Silence resumed, saved for the occasional cough or the scraping of a metal door upon the floor.
A fresh voice then spoke, ragged and rough.
"We've dallied here long enough. We have what we need and the engines are at full strength again."
"Agreed,"said the woman who'd spoken earlier."If someone from the Chamber is snooping around, the risks are too great to linger here."
"Midnight, then. We'll make for Urvport."
My eyes widened as I glanced at the clock.
Only ten minutes until they set sail. By the time we even got down to Dockside, theErrant Stormwould be gone.
"That meddlesome Miklos," I growled. "If he'd have kept his nose out of it-"
"The hunt is far from over. We still have leads: we know they're heading to Urvport," said Istvan, placing a hand on my shoulder.
Nestled upon an island only a hundred miles to the north, Urvport was Raveth's gateway to the northern trade routes. I'd traveled there a few times for family business, and had found it to be a dull, smoggy, and wretched little place with little of note or worth.
What could the cultists possibly want from such a place?
"Yes, but we don't have a ship," I said. "Well, my father technically does, but he's not likely to loan it out for a chase. Even if hedidagree to help, we couldn't hope to catch up."
"We can't catch up by sea, no," said Cymkor. "But by air?"
"We face the same problem as before. Even though my father's business does include a few skyships, he would not-"
"I'm not talking about your father," he said, before glancing at Istvan. "I think it's time we reach out to some of our other old contacts."
"You happen to know a skyship captain willing to undertake a reckless chase across the sea?"
"We know a skyship captain who owes us a damned big favor," said Cymkor.
"This big, though?" Istvan asked.
"We'll have to find out."
**
I barely slept on account of the dread flowing through my body, mortified by the thought of Matyar and the others disappearing across the sea in the belly of that ship. At dawn, I met back up with my lovers at the workshop. Cymkor headed out to try to track down that skyship captain, while Istvan and I headed out for supplies.
If we were going to participate in a daring raid on a vessel at sea, I'd have to cobble together a few more automatons for the task.
While I headed into an artificer's shop to collect some magnets for my next project, Istvan lingered outside, flipping through a newspaper. When I emerged, he gave me a devious peek over the top of the newspaper. The gleam in his eye brightened my mood considerably, chipping away at the dread that had been gripping my heart since the evening before.
"I know that look," I said with an accusing glare. "What are you up to?"
"Just perusing some advertisements, that's all."
Maintaining my playful glare, I snatched the paper from his hands and turned it over. At the center of the page was an advertisement for 'Lord Kellor's Discreet Curiosities,' a purveyor of all sorts of fun toys and tools for the bedroom.
"Does a simple advertisement for a few toys get you all hot and bothered?" I teased.
"I was just wondering if they sold that invention you mentioned. The one you helped test."
"Indeed, they do. It's one of their top sellers." I lowered my voice to a husky purr. "Though if you are interested, there's no need to buy one. I've been keeping one in my purse ever since our little investigation started. One never knows when I might need it..."
His eyes widened and he cleared his throat.
"Well, I do suppose we have some time to kill. Might take Cymkor a few hours more to track our captain friend down."
I tapped his chin.
"You return to the workshop, then. I'll need to stop home for a few supplies and for a very thorough bath."
To my delight, Istvan swallowed, as if unnerved by the promise.
"I'll head right there, then. See you soon."
After giving me a quick kiss on the cheek, he trotted through the crowd. Laughing, I headed for the nearest transit tower to make the trip home.
My cheery mood died the very second I entered the house and heard Miklos' voice rippling from the dining room. Flinching, I took a deep breath and prepared the proper, dutiful little smile I'd displayed for him the night before.
When I entered, Miklos was seated at the table alongside my mother, enjoying a bit of tea.
"Oh, wondrous," my mother said brightly. "I'll have the servants prepare a cup for you."
"What's the occasion?" I said with a warm smile at the meddlesome young man, before taking my seat across from him.
"Our little run-in last night reminded me that I needed to make arrangements for another family dinner. I was in the neighborhood, so figured I'd stop by. Your mother was just telling me all about the next lunar feast."
"And you had better attend," my mother said with a firm wag of her finger at Miklos.
"I shall do my utmost. Though the demands of the Chamber of Internal Security may get in the way."
"Oh, nonsense," she said with a huff. "We're at peace, after all. What use have we for spies at a time like this?"
"We need to conduct such work during peacetime to prolong the peace," he said, adjusting his spectacles. "The Chamber's work during such times can help avert another war."
"In that case, you can miss as many feasts as you need to," my mother said, a gleam of sorrow appearing in her eyes.
When a servant arrived with a cup of tea, I steadied my trembling hand before I dared take a sip. Miklos watched me through those spectacles of his, as if waiting for me to slip up.
The pair chatted away for a few minutes about the feast and how his parents were doing, then discussed which fine restaurant would be best for a dinner with both families.
It was the exact sort of polite conversation I'd have delved right into a few weeks before.
Given all I'd endured, I cared little for such niceties now. All I wanted was to extricate myself from that situation before I aroused Miklos' suspicions any further.
"You know, Mister Vaspar mentioned a new variant of gardening machine that Lyneth helped him work on. He said the flowers have been blooming all the more brightly ever since."
"Oh, yes," said my mother, patting my knee. "She is even more clever now than she was before you left. She's earned two whole degrees in engineering since you saw her last."
"Care to show me, then?" Miklos asked, his smile still warm and cordial.
"The diplomas?" I asked, a bit numb.
"No," he said, laughing. "The upgraded machines in the garden."
My mother flashed me a conspiratorial little grin. No doubt she was already seeing herself as some sort of matchmaker.
Before the war, I'd have swooned at the thought of marrying my brother's best friend; it would have been an ideal match from a political and financial perspective, too. Given his possible involvement in that cult's activities, the thought now made my skin crawl.
I still had to play my part, however.
"Of course," I said, finishing off my tea with a delicate sip and rising to my feet.
I showed the way through the back door and into the resplendent, teeming gardens.
His warm smile shifted to a scowl the very moment the door closed behind us.
"You should have listened to your father," he hissed. "Thanks to your meddling, that ship has sailed away, and the Chamber's investigation has been compromised."
Relief clashed with shock. It seemed the Chamberwasn'tinvolved, then.
"It wasn'tmymeddling. It was your incompetent surveillance. You snooping around on the docks tipped them off. That's why they sailed away last night."
He blinked, taking a step back.
"How did you know that?"
"My mother wasn't wrong when she bragged about how clever I've gotten," I said, placing my hands on my hips. "I'm not some foolish little girl anymore, I-"
"I never said you were," he mumbled, glancing past me at the rows of immaculate blue flowers. His eyes settled on the tree under which Gavriel was buried. Miklos flinched as if struck and looked away.
"Then grant me the truth," I snapped, brushing past the flicker of grief ignited by his glance at the grave.
"It is a private matter for the Chamber of Internal Security." His glare returned. "And thusIget to ask the questions. What do you know?"
"This is Raveth. Nothing comes for free."
"I could have you arrested for interfering with an investigation."
"My father would raise an army of lawyers large enough to storm the Chamber's headquarters. He'd assail the Chamber with so many inquiries and lawsuits that you'd run out of funding while responding to them all. Moreover, you'd have to face a magistrate and explain the nature of the investigation and the precise reason for my arrest."
His eyes narrowed.
"The Chamber of Internal Security handles things a bit differently than the justicars."
"And my father would handle things a bit differently, too," I snapped. "You know very well he could bring this city's economy to its knees. Does a novice Chamber agent really want to be responsible for a work stoppage brought about by a confused and aggrieved father?"
"Gods' graves, you're just as stubborn as Gavriel."
"An old family trait," I said with a proud smile. "So what will it be? Shall we help each other, or keep arguing out here in the gardens until my mother suspects something?"
"You first," he said, frowning. "Tell me how you learned about the ship's departure."
"I'll need your word before I divulge what I know."
"You know me, Lyneth. You-"
"I knew the young man who helped teach me to ride a horse. I knew the young man who danced with me at a dozen lunar feasts. I knew a kind young man who ran off to war alongside my brother. I knewthatMiklos. I do not know the Miklos who serves the Chamber."
He glanced towards my brother's grave.
"On Gavriel's name, Lyneth. I swear. Tell me what you know, and I'll tell you what I can."
That would have to suffice.
After a deep breath, I relayed him what we'd learned from the auctioneer, the Anchor Hounds, and my little listening device.
"I can even give you a copy of the recording," I said as shock rippled across his face. "Now it's your turn."
"We don't know precisely what they call themselves or who they are, other than that they are a cult of the old ways," he said after a deep breath. "Not the Crimson Night, not the Jade Path, nor the Cerulean Scepter. None of the more established ones. Whoever they are, they undertake far more than shadowy rituals and debauched parties."
I almost blushed at the thought of my old childhood friend knowing about the orgy I'd attended, though my embarrassment was hardly the most pressing matter.
"They first came to the Chamber's attention at the end of the war, when they murdered an officer and two of his mistresses while they were engaged in a rite dedicated to the Crimson Night. It just so happened that one of those mistresses was an informant on the Chamber's payroll. That was how we first got involved.
"Given the illegality of such religious practices, it's not the Chamber's highest priority. Hence why a low-ranking officer like me was assigned to it. Some people within the Chamber and Parliament would be all too happy for one rogue cult to just wipe out all the others."
"But now we know where they're going," I said. "Urvport. Send a skyship and-"
"Sending a skyship would arouse far too much attention. A battle on the high seas between a licensed kraken-hunter and a government skyship? No."
"Well, you have to dosomethingthen. Surely an organization as powerful as the Chamber has deep pockets. You can hire mercenaries, perhaps, or come up with some fake reason for intercepting the ship."
"As I said, many within the Chamber don't see this as a priority. My assignment was to monitor the situation, nothing more. In their eyes, this is a matter of criminals killing criminals. Given my short time at the Chamber, I don't have the contacts or the resources to handle this."
"Then why go through the trouble to come here, then?"
"Because I wanted to ensure you and your family are safe. And...you will be safe," he said with a warm smile. "If that ship is going off to Urvport, I can alert my contacts there. Another Chamber officer can take it from there."
That wasn't enough: there was no guarantee another agent would take it as seriously as I did. The officers in Urvport just might ignore the matter, happy to let the kidnappers sail off to hunt illegal cults elsewhere.
"Then I will handle it," I said crisply. "All you need to do is look the other way."
He shook his head, reaching for my hand. I snarled and yanked it away.
"Lyneth, please. I know you're clever and resourceful, but these people aredangerous. If you try to hunt that ship down or track them to Urvport, I can't protect you if it goes poorly."
Unable to form a response, I tore my gaze away and glanced once more at my brother's grave.
"By the dead gods," Miklos murmured. "I wish he were here. He'd know just what to do."
"No," I said with a firm shake of his head. "I don't think he would. He was a smart, brave man but...this is not the sort of simple matter he'd know the perfect solution for." I wrinkled my nose and sighed. "But yes. I also wish he was here."
"Do you...think I could go and pay my respects?" he asked. "I did at the funeral, of course, but that was in an official military capacity. Not as a friend."
"Of course."
The request reminded me that I had yet to undertake the rite that Cymkor had asked of me. The mainlander's knife and vial of dirt were still within my purse.
Head held high, I walked over to the grave alongside Miklos.
He took off his hat, stared down at the roots of the tree that had embraced my brother's body, then knelt and brushed his fingers through the grass.
"I'm glad you're here," Miklos whispered. "Instead of in some grim, dusty military graveyard."
After clearing his throat, he rose. I stepped forward, withdrew the knife from my purse, and buried it beneath the roots. Once I'd sprinkled the dirt over the grave, I sighed, ran my fingers against the tree, and stepped away.
"That's a burial custom of Sorthayl," Miklos muttered.
"One of the men helping me is from Sorthayl; he asked me to convey his respects in the traditional fashion."
"The big man with the braids?" he asked, his eyes still glued to the grave. "I suspected as much. Please be careful around-"
"They have an even greater reason to hunt this mysterious cult than I do. I trust them."
"Work with them, if you must. But trust them? I'd avoid that."
After taking another long moment to stare down at my brother's grave, Miklos put his hat back on and marched away.
**
When I returned to the workshop, I found Istvan seated at a workbench, sharpening a saber. The moment I entered, he rose and affixed me with a leering grin.
The expression didn't last, given the grim look on my face.
"What happened?"
"Sorry," I muttered. "I know I said I going to return for a bit of fun but..."
I ran my fingers along the edge of the workbench.
"I got distracted."
After a trembling breath I told him about Miklos' visit and what he'd shared.
"Well," he said with a crooked grin. "The good news is that we don't have to worry about the Chamber hunting us. We won't have them on our side, though, but we can manage."
He reached for my hand.
"And don't apologize. A wild fuck was hardly the priority. And I'm sure a visit from Miklos certainly killed the mood."
"It wasn't just the visit," I said, sitting down and placing my head in my hands. "I finally undertook that rite Cymkor asked of me. For my brother."
He released my hand and sat down across from me.
"I feel...guilty," I continued. "Guilty for not feeling anything of note in the moment. It was just...burying a knife and sprinkling a bit of dirt. No grand catharsis, no sudden revelations, no great triumph over sorrow."
"Grief's a funny foe like that. Hard to predict. Sometimes it sneaks up on you at the worst of times, sometimes it's so easy to fend off it's almost trivial."
"You would know better than I. You must have lost dozens of friends. I just lost one brother."
"Losing people isn't like marksmanship, Lyneth. You don't necessarily get better with practice. For some people..." He let out a long sigh. "For some people, it can get worse, the more you lose. Which is why I can't lose Matyar. There's so much fucking weight on my back, I can't take any more burdens."
I raised my gaze to see a faint gleam of tears in his gray eyes. Blinking away tears of my own, I reached out and took his hands.
"We won't lose him, Istvan. We'll get him back."
"We can't guarantee that."
"Of course not. But...I can guarantee that we'll fight like hell. Do our damned best. Do everything it takes. Because obviously I don't know Matyar at all, but I'm sure he'd do the same."
"He absolutely would."
After a soft laugh, he wiped at his eyes and looked away.
"And here I was all excited to make love to you again, now I'm getting all weepy."
With a soft smile, I gave both of his hands a gentle squeeze.
"There will be plenty of time for lovemaking, Istvan. Perhaps even tonight, once our moods shift."
"Aye," he murmured, lifting my hand and bringing it to his lips for a soft kiss.
**
Cymkor barged into the workshop an hour later, interrupting another of Istvan's stories about their off-duty antics during the war.
Before he could report his own successes for the day, I told him all about Miklos' visit, causing the mainlander's eyes to widen with surprise.
"Mixed results on my end," he said, pouring himself a cup of wine after I'd finished my tale. "I tracked down Henryk; he's posted up at a theater in the Gilded District until his next job comes in. The good news is that he's mustered out of the navy and has his own skyship now. He's a spotter for the kraken-hunting fleets. So theoretically, he'll be able to help us."
"Let me guess," Istvan grumbled. "He's demanding a high price for his services."
"Actually, no," Cymkor said with a laugh. "He wants three fourths of any loot taken from theErrant Sword, and a promise to let him sell the ship off to an illegal scrapyard. Money is not the problem. It's his other conditions that worry me."
The mainlander gave me a furtive glance.
"I let slip that we were working with someone else, and he wants to meet you. Quite insistent upon it. He's understandably paranoid and wants to lessen his risk."
"Why is that a problem?" I asked. "After all, I met with those dastardly Anchor Hounds already. Surely Henryk is no worse than them."
Cymkor sighed and looked to Istvan.
"We were trying to keep you out of it," he said, his furtive eyes drifting back to me. "Keep you safe. Keep you clean."
My eyes narrowed, my glare darting back and forth between my two lovers.
"Keep me out of it...you mean out of it entirely? You were planning on flying off without me?"
"Bloody gods' graves, Lyneth, of course we were," Istvan said. "This isn't snooping or spying or information-gathering. This is araid. A damned tricky operation. One that I'm not even sure Cymkor and I can pull off, even with Henryk's help."
"All the more reason for me to be there. I'm no fighter but you've seen what I can do with automatons. I can prepare a few more razorflies, tinker with others along the way. Allow my mindless machines to take a few bullets."
Istvan cracked a weary smile.
"Shouldn't have bothered. We'll have a harder time fighting you than we will those cultists."
Beaming, I crossed the room and rewarded him for his wisdom with a peck on the cheek.
"Good. Let's go meet Henryk. The sooner I set his mind at ease, the sooner we can begin our hunt."
**
Less than an hour later we strode up to the theater, which was nestled between a few rowdy taverns and a burned-out row of small homes. Given the turbulent nature of the Gilded District, I was surprised the fire hadn't been more widespread.
"An interesting place to find a skyship captain," I said, glancing up at the marquee, which displayed a long list of unfamiliar names.
"Henryk was a musician before he joined the navy, believe it or not. He's not performing but this theater is his usual haunt when he's in the city," Istvan said, before giving me a wry grin. "Bit of a warning, though, it's not exactly the polite sort of theater."
"The best kind, then," I said with a wicked grin.
Laughing, Istvan opened the doors. Inside was a small bar, where a dozen well-dressed people drank and caroused. Burly men with pistols on their hips stood guard at another door, exchanging tickets for coin.
Through those doors awaited a small, smoky theater. Alchemical lamps cast a ghostly green glow throughout the room. Scores of people crowded into benches, little tables, or plush booths. For the moment, the stage was empty.
"There," Cymkor said, pointing to one of the larger booths.
A man with a grey-streaked beard and long, sleek black hair sat in the booth, sipping his drink and watching the stage. He wore what looked to be a patched-up naval uniform with the insignia torn off. The outfit and the faint scars on his cheek gave him a certain rakish quality. With a soft chuckle, I realized that he resembled one of the corsairs from a series of pulpy adventure novels I'd read once.
Smiling, I marched right across the room, flanked by my lovers.
"Captain Henryk, I presume?" I said in my warmest, sweetest voice. "I'm Lyneth."
"By the dead gods," the captain said with a trembling laugh, giving me a quick glance. "Cymkor said he was working with a well-connected associate. Mentioned nothing about a beauty like you. If I'd known he was partnered up with such a vixen I might have been even more insistent about a meeting."
There was something...off about his tone. He was a bit breathless and distracted, occasionally shifting in his seat or glancing down at the table.
I laughed and extended my hand. His hand took mine and gave it a kiss, though his lips trembled a little.
Given his behavior, I wondered if he'd imbibed a stimulant or another drug before the show. If I hadn't been there to conduct business, I'd have been tempted to partake myself.
Smiling, I smoothed out my dress and scooted into the booth. My boots bumped into something beneath the table. A muffled squeak rose in response and Henryk's eyes widened.
"Oh, for fuck's sake," Istvan said with a boisterous laugh, before leaning down and glancing under the table.
My eyes widened, guessing the reason for Henryk's distraction. I spared a quick glance underneath the table. A petite woman in a skimpy red dress knelt beneath the table, her blonde curls arranged in brilliant waves down her back. Her mouth bobbed up and down on Henryk's shaft.
Meeting my gaze, she gave me a little wink before going back to her work. Nearly blushing at the sight, I raised back up and laughed.
"If I'd known your friend Henryk was this fun, I'd have demanded to meet him earlier," I said with a sly grin at my lovers.
Chuckling, they sat down as well, giving the young woman under the table enough space to conduct her wicked work.
"Really, Henryk?" Cymkor asked. "I told you we'd come back to discuss business."
"No reason we can't," the captain said with a soft grunt. "And this...wasn't exactly planned. Isolde here did a damned good job during her first set, so I sent her flowers and asked her how she managed to reach some of those high notes, and then we hit it off." He wrinkled his nose and took a few deep breaths. "And we decided to have a bit of fun during the intermission."
I glanced around, realizing that Henryk and Isolde weren't the only ones engaged in such pursuits. While the theater was certainly not as debauched as the Rite of the Last Dusk, a few people were snogging in their seats, and one gentleman had his hands underneath his date's skirt.
"Given the nature of the performances here, it's not exactly unusual," Istvan said.
"This is positively tame, in fact," Henryk said with a broken chuckle. "How have you been, Istvan?"
"War's over. So damned good, all things considered."
"Cymkor tells me you have a ship that needs stopped."
"Indeed."
Henryk turned his gaze towards me. Unable to help myself, I licked my lips a little at the thought of what was occurring under the table.
"Perhaps it is best to wait until we can discuss things privately," I said, glancing downward. After giving him a bright smile, I looked under the table again. "Isolde, darling, could you be a dear friend and finish Henryk off? We've an important matter to discuss."
The blonde winked at me and let out a muffled little giggle. Her bobbing grew faster, and her slender fingers stroked the lower half of his shaft. I glanced away, smirking at Istvan as Henryk's groans grew louder.
The lights dimmed. Cheers erupted from the crowd.
"We can hardly discuss business when the music's going," he said with a grin, then reached beneath the table. "So ease up a bit, Isolde. We've got some time until the next intermission."
I supposed there was little harm in waiting a few minutes to finalize our arrangement, though it would be difficult to enjoy the show knowing what was occurring just a few feet away. Licking my lips at the sound of a soft moan from Isolde, I placed my hands in my lap and looked to the stage.
The lights went out completely. The cheers reached a crescendo, which drowned out Henryk's heavy breathing and the faint murmurs of his lover.
When the lights roared back on, a figure stood upon the stage, clad in a black robe and cowl.
She raised her hands. Music wafted from speakers embedded within the stage and the ceiling. A wondrously soft voice emerged from the robed figure, weaving a song about the trials and travails of the old cults.
Not exactly the sort of performance I expected from a place like this.
"Why do they hunt?"she sang, beckoning towards the ceiling."Why do they drool like wolves for my soul?"
The music cut out. She tore her cowl back, revealing a pretty face adorned with dark makeup and brown hair done up in a short bob.
"Oh, I know why they hunt me, boys and girls," she shouted, her voice dripping with desire.
With a shrug of her shoulders, the robe fell away, revealing a pale body that was completely nude save for dark flower petals covering her nipples and a skirt that didn't even descend to her mid-thigh.
After a sway of her hips, the crowd hooted and hollered. The music kicked back on, switching to a raunchy, upbeat tune about hunting down one's favorite lover.
I laughed and clapped, only to shiver as Istvan's lips found my ear.
"Can't help but think you'd look good in an outfit like that," he murmured.
Chuckling, I turned my head to brush my lips against his, then glanced back at Cymkor. His gaze was affixed upon the stage, almost as if I wasn't even there.
Given the way that performer writhed and leapt across the stage, I couldn't exactly blame him.
Still, it could be fun to feign a bit of possessive jealousy.
As the crowd cheered the end of the first song, I rested a hand on Cymkor's thigh. He raised an eyebrow. I flashed him a hungry grin and leaned in for a quick kiss, my desire ignited by lyrics and the sensuous haze gripping the room.
While I kissed Cymkor, Istvan nuzzled the other side of my neck.
Henryk chuckled.
"You three fit right in," he said, before that last word shifted into a thrumming moan.
As two more robed dancers joined the scantily clad woman on the stage, I unbuckled Cymkor's belt. He was already rock-hard, likely from the combination of my touch and the ribald performance. As Istvan continued to nuzzle my neck, I licked at Cymkor's cheek and took hold off his shaft, giving it a few slow strokes beneath the table.
Not one to be left out, Istvan reached under the table as well, grabbing the fine fabric of my dress and raising it up to my thighs. Shivers rippled through me as those skilled fingers brushed over my stockinged legs.
With everyone else in the theater focused on their own partners or the antics upon the stage, nobody paid us any mind at all. The darkness, the anonymity, the heat of my lovers' bodies...all of it had had me dripping wet by the time Istvan's fingers grazed over my silken panties.
As the two robed dancers tore off their clothing to outfits that matched the lead dancer, Istvan gently bit down on the side of my neck. A moment later, his fingers slid beneath the silk and found my clit. I whimpered against Cymkor's cheek. The mainlander grunted a little, his hips wriggling as I stroked him.
By the dead gods, how daring could I be? Given the darkness of the theater I could probably get away with a bit more than just some teasing under the table...
After a gentle stroke of my fingers against Istvan's wrist, I pulled away from him. With a grunt of effort, I tugged my panties to the side, exposing my sex. Given the size of the booth, it took a bit of wriggling for me to settle in Cymkor's lap. Keeping my back against his brawny chest, I wriggled and adjusted my dress. His scarred hands helped guide me into place.
Anyone looking our way would know exactly what we were up to, of course, but the layer of fabric and the table would keep the most scandalous sights from view. As I reached back to grip Cymkor's shoulder, I took a deep breath, steadied myself, then sank down upon him.
Despite the thunderous noise from the stage, I bit my lip to muffle a whimper. Henryk glanced over at me and laughed. Blushing, I grabbed Istvan and pulled him in for a kiss.
More dancers and musicians rushed the stage, but I was too lost in the heat of Cymkor's body to care much for the show. With my hands braced on the table, I gently rocked my hips back and forth, grinding against him, drawing out soft moans that nobody beyond our table could possibly have heard.
No doubt others may have caught glimpses of our antics, but I didn't fucking care.
Istvan muttered something to Cymkor that I couldn't quite decipher, then reached under the table once more, slipping a hand beneath my skirts. While Cymkor's wondrous cock surged within me, Istvan's clever fingers set to work on my clit again.
My dazed, fluttering eyes drifted to the stage, where five scantily-clad woman twirled and writhed. The lead singer glanced in my direction and locked eyes with me...
No. Just an illusion. From the stage, she could have seen nothing but dark shadows, though she likely knew what sort of deeds her performance could inspire.
Thrilled at that notion, I whimpered and rocked a bit faster.
As Cymkor bucked gently up against me, I couldn't help but imagine myself on stage, clad in a scandalous outfit, my body nearly bared for all to see. Hungry eyes upon me, lovers pleasing each other in the audience while I leapt and writhed...
My head lolled back, resting on Cymkor's shoulder as the pleasure surged. During a brief break between songs, I bit down on the inside of my cheek to stifle a rising moan. Thankfully the next tune was quite loud and boisterous. As the heavy drumbeats thrummed through the theater, I allowed myself to drift, to surrender, to collapse...
With my hands still gripping the table, I let out a growl of effort and rocked my hips down against Cymkor, then wriggled a little and clenched around him. He cursed against the back of my neck. I grinned, my fluttering eyes drifting to stare at the dark ceiling as I felt him twitch inside me.
He murmured my name, the sound barely audible over the pounding of the drums. A moment later he gave in, his strong hands gripping my hips as he rocked against me. Istvan's fingers continued to work, syncing quite well with his friend's powerful thrusts.
As Cymkor's seed graced my aching sex, Istvan licked beneath my earlobe and muttered something I couldn't quite make out.
Though I hadn't the faintest idea of what he said, those fingers and the gentle heat of his breath against my neck were more than enough.
I came, straining with the effort of holding back a cry of triumph. Instead, I let out a long sob and a few heavy gasps, all of which were thankfully drowned out by the riotous display before us. The entire room melted away. Even the music seemed to fade, until all that remained were Cymkor's cock and Istvan's fingers.
The gentle rocking of my hips turned to weak little trembles. I slumped against the table, panting and twitching, my thighs aching with effort.
Breathless and shaking, I squirmed out of Cymkor's lap and collapsed against Istvan's shoulder.
And not a moment too soon. The last song reached a roaring crescendo, bringing most of the patrons to their feet. Once Cymkor had shoved his cock back in his pants and buckled his belt, he flashed me a hungry grin and rose, applauding fiercely along with the others.
Henryk leaned his head back, cursed, and his fingers scraped the top of the table. Sweat dripped down his forehead, the veins of his neck strained, and he let out another curse, followed by a long sigh.
"Gods' graves, Isolde," he muttered as the echoes of the last song faded. "Kept me right up on the edge there. Damned near thought you were going to kill me."
A playful giggle flitted from beneath the table. The blonde emerged a moment later, wiping her lips as the lights came back on.
"A pleasure to meet you," she said to me. "But I need to return backstage to prepare for my next set."
After a long, simmering glance at my lovers, she curtsied, then spun away. Once the shivers had finally fled my body and I'd recovered my wits, I collected a handkerchief from my purse to clean up between my legs a little.
"Well, now that we've all had our fun," Henryk said with a smile, wiping at his sweaty brow. "We can get to business."
"Notallof us had our fun," I said, brushing my hand over Istvan's thigh beneath the table.
"We can save that for later tonight," he said, giving me a wink.
"So," Henryk said, finishing off his wine. "I know why Istvan and Cymkor want their friend Matyar back. Old fashioned honor, battle-forged bonds, and so on. But you? Why are you so keen on tracking down that ship?"
"Those cultists nearly killed me. And they killed innocent people. All for...some silly, shadowy reason. Such a crime cannot go unanswered."
"But you're clearly a highborn lady. Why risk your life? Why not let these brave fools take care of it, or hire someone else to do your dirty work?"
The simple solution would have been to allow others to risk their lives, to just toss coin at the problem like every other rich person in Raveth did.
I didn't want to handle it like some other rich girl and toss coins at a crisis until it went away.
My brother Gavriel had seen matters the same way, when he'd signed up for a war that someone else could have fought.
"Because sometimes doing the right thing means doing it yourself. And I have a keen knack for automatons that could be useful. The more machines I can throw into the fray, the better chance we have of saving Matyar and the other captives."
Henryk smiled.
"You've got that fire in you. I can see why these two like you." He tapped his fingers on the side of his empty glass. "My terms are simple: I'll need five thousand in platinum before we set sail. Down payment. Then I get to keep three fourths of the valuables you find on the ship. And I get the full salvage rights to the vessel. If anything blows back on me, I expect you to use your money and influence to get me out of trouble."
"Five thousand platinum?" Cymkor growled. "You said nothing about a down payment when we met this morning."
"Because I didn't know you had a rich woman as your associate," Henryk said with a wide grin.
"That is fine," I said, patting Cymkor's wrist.
That was a sizable sum, but not an unreasonable one for a woman of my means. I could drain the account I used for my workshop and withdraw a bit more money from my personal accounts, leaving plenty to spare.
"But we must leave as soon as possible," I said. "Given their head start, no later than tomorrow evening. I can have the money as early as noon."
"My crew and I can be ready by noon. Now let's enjoy the rest of the show, eh?"
The remaining delights of the evening were not quite as debauched as that first performance. Aside from a few gentle touches during particularly salacious songs, we all kept our hands to ourselves. With the deal secured, I had a few cups of wine, so I was swaying a little by the end of the show.
As Isolde and the other singers took to the stage to give one last bow, I rose to my feet and offered a riotous cheer along with the others.
Once the cheers had faded, I gripped both of my lovers' hands.
"Come on," I purred, batting my eyes at Istvan. "It's early enough that we can head back to the workshop, where I can take care of you..."
***
Thank you for reading! The conclusion of this story will be submitted shortly, likely within a week of this one being published. The next chapter will conclude the adventure and will feature a bit more debauchery as well.