We awoke later than normal possibly due to all of the sexual activity of the previous day.
I was laying in bed totally naked, next to my wonderful husband, who was sporting a rather delectable morning erection. The Tenerife sun was peeking through the black out blinds as we stirred from our slumber.
James turned to me and kissed my forehead gently.
"Good Morning my unfaithful slut of a wife!" He smiled leeringly.
I giggled at his greeting and placed my taloned hand on his prominent erection.
"Good Morning my sexually perverted husband!" I grinned as his cock twitched with my delicate touch and my erotic words.
"You've got a busy sexual day ahead!" James grinned.
"I know!" I exclaimed.
"I have a couple of Turkish shop owners I have to fuck, but Shelley who you will meet later, will be there to help with all of the cock!" I informed.
"Then When I have the sexy clothes the Turks will be furnishing me with, I'll be in here to get prepared for a long night of no holds barred sex, or should I say no 'holes' barred!"
James laughed at my phraseology and feeble attempt at humour. The fact is there would definitely be no 'holes' barred if the last two nights were anything to go by.
To spice it up I was wanting to wear erotic lingerie tonight, as I know James has a penchant for that and I wanted the recording to be as erotically charged as possible and wearing some very slutty lingerie should encapsulate that.
James rang room service and ordered a breakfast platter for two as I climbed into the shower. James went onto the balcony and lit a cigarette as I continued with my shower.
Once I'd completed my morning ablutions, Stepped out of the shower and let my body air dry. There was a gentle tap on the door which I assumed would be room service. The wicked woman within me sparked to life and I decided to answer the door wet and naked. I slipped my feet into my high heeled mules and opened the door slowly. Standing in the frame with a cart full of breakfast goodies was a very tall and very handsome blonde hotel worker in skintight black trousers and a very tight fitted white shirt. His eyes lit up as he looked at my naked body, enjoying every curve of my naked form.
"Room Service."
He smiled gently pushing his trolley into the middle of the room.
The door closed behind him as he began to lay out our breakfast order on the dining table in our room.
James walked in and saw the guy preparing our table as I walked around totally naked as though this was the most normal thing ever. I walked over to the table and sat in the chair right next to our room service guy. Without saying a word I winked at James and placed my right hand on the front of the room service guys trousers. He was partially erect as I squeezed his manhood gently. The guy looked across at James who just smiled and nodded approvingly.
I unzipped the guy and reached into his trousers and pulled out a very impressive erect cock. Undoing his trousers I let them fall to the floor as I cupped his balls with my left hand, gently scraping my nails delicately along his ball sac. He groaned appreciatively as I placed the head of his cock into my mouth and began to do my magic with my lips and tongue.
"Feel free to touch her!" James offered.
The guy leant over and held both of my pendulous breasts. He wasn't the most experienced of lovers but if I had more time on the island it would have been rather pleasing to give him a few sexual lessons, but time was not on our side.
His inexperienced fumblings were still quite erotic in a strange way. I stood from the chair and bent over, arching my back to show my tiny waist and curvy buttocks off to perfection. Judging by the twitching of his cock, he was very near to orgasm, which James picked up on, as he bent down behind me and began to lick my pussylips and finger my asshole.
The guy was engrossed watching this as the first spurt of young energetic spunk splashed the back of my throat. I began to swallow every spurt he unleashed as James licked my cunt to orgasm.
The guy grunted as every spurt ran down my throat as his cock convulsed for the last time, I removed his semi flaccid cock from my mouth and smiled at him.
He smiled back at me as I sat back in my seat and began to eat my breakfast.
"That will be your tip!" I said harshly.
The guy tucked his cock back into. His trousers and hastily left the room.As the door closed James and I went into a fit of giggles.
"That poor guy!" James laughed.
"Poor Guy!" I exclaimed.
"He's spunked in my mouth! That's a fucking good tip in my book!" I said unapologetically.
James laughed and poured us both a coffee.
After feasting our way through our nutritious breakfast, it was necessary for me to jump back in the shower and have a quick rinse. Stepping out of the shower I decided to air dry once again. Placing toothpaste on my toothbrush I spent the next five minutes brushing my teeth and tongue.
With my body all clean and mouth minty fresh I was ready for the day ahead. I went onto the balcony beside James. I was still naked, but the Atlantic breezes blowing in soon had my naked body totally dry.
I opened our suitcases and began to place clothes I'd already worn into the suitcase. It was a necessary exercise as most of what I'd worn already had either pussy juice or spunk smeared somewhere on the garment. When I had cleared most of my worn clothes into the case, James placed the suitcase against the wall, behind a lounge chair.
"I'll need to ensure that I give these Turks a real good fuck today!" I smiled.
"It looks like I really need a few outfits to complete the holiday!" I giggled as James looked at me with a wry smile.
"You could always go out naked!" James laughed.
"You don't seem to spend very long inside these sexy outfits!"
I looked directly into James' eyes and grinned.
"Isn't that the intention of the outfits?"
James winked at me and nodded in agreement.
James was the next person to head in the shower. I went back on the balcony, still naked and spread out on one of the sun loungers. Our balcony was quite large and was most definitely a sun trap. The sun was beating down on my bronzed naked flesh, when I saw the balcony opposite was occupied by three quite sexy looking men.
They waved their arms to grab my attention. I looked across at the guys, smiling as I moved sunglasses lower to acknowledge their waving. One of the more brazen of the guys, indicated with his hands that I should slowly open my legs.
The look of shock on their faces when I planted my feet either side of the sun lounger and eased my legs open slowly. The three guys all held up their iPhones and began filming my little teasing display. I continued opening my legs, showing my exposed shaved slit to the guys opposite. I placed the middle finger of my right hand on the naked flesh of my pussylips and began to slowly stroke the excited flesh.
The guys were tapping their iPhones, obviously zooming in to take a closer look.
I slid my finger inside my cunt and stared at the guys as I began to fuck my pussy with my finger. I could hear the squelching sound coming from my pussy as my finger increased the tempo. My left hand began to caress and twist the nipple of my left breast as my orgasm began to surge through me.
My hips were thrusting up and down as my finger  presented me with a very delicious orgasm for the benefit of my audience. My breasts were heaving up and down as a little whisper from inside the room startled me.
"You just can't help yourself can you?" Came James voice as he softly giggled at my little sex show I'd just performed for my private audience.
I stood up from the sun lounger, giving the guys one final look at my naked body. I blew them a kiss and shimmied my breasts, then went inside the room.
James laughed and said.
"You are absolutely sensational. Those guys will never forget that as long as they live!"
I was still horny but quite pleased that my little sex show would have some longevity of memory for those guys.
As we had a late breakfast, we didn't bother to have any lunch. Instead we both opted for a few glasses of wine before we headed to the Turkish shop.We arrived outside the Turkish, James in flip flops, T-shirt and Shorts, whereas I had chosen to wear a tight black shiny vest, which was displaying a colossal amount of side  boob and cleavage, along with a black, very soft leather skintight mini. Adorning my feet as per usual were my obligatory high heels. I'd foregone any underwear as there seemed to be no point.
Right on time, Shelley and her husband turned the corner, heading toward James and I outside the Turkish shop.  Shelley was wearing a white string vest type with no bra beneath, showing her ample breasts and already erect nipples. She was also sporting a very tight white leather mini skirt along with a very sexy pair of white ankle boots with a gold spiked heel. With her tan and very sexy figure she looked ravishing.
I introduced her and her husband to James as we eagerly went inside the Turkish shop. One of the brothers was at the door and as soon as we stepped inside he locked the door immediately. The elder brother came over to Shelley and I as James and Mark held back. I introduced Shelley to the Turk and said.
"Shelley and I are here to be sexually entertained by you guys. You can outfit both of us with some of your top quality outfits!" I smiled and placed my hand over the expanding bulge of the Turk.
"I'm sure we can accommodate that request!" The Turk said in a business-like manner."And remember our agreement that you're going to kit me out in some magnificent leather lingerie!"
Shelley looked at the turbaned said."You can do anything you want to me if I can get the same deal!" She smiled.
The turk nodded his head in agreement.
"Let's get you ladies some very sexy underwear and clothing, then we can devour those delicious pussies!" He smiled leeringly.
"Don't forget there are asses to be fucked as well!" I smiled.
The two brothers ran through the shop picking various items then headed over to the sales counter.
Shelley and I stood at the sales counter as two bags were placed on the counter. The brothers began to fill the bags with leather bras in various colours. Leather thongs, again in varying colours. Then a couple of leather Wasps were placed in the bags, followed by a few packets of black silk and fishnet stockings. Next were a couple of leather mini skirts in black and white. Then two dresses were folded and placed inside the bags.
"Don't try them on ladies. Try them on in your hotels and if they don't fit, come back and we'll replace them and perhaps have another fuck!" The elder Turk said.
"I like the way these guys think!" Shelley smiled as she began to unzip her tight mini skirt.
I unzipped my skirt also and pulled the tight black vest over my head. Throwing the skirt and top to my husband, I moved closer to the older Turk who began to finger my pussy and ass in unison. Shelley removed her mini and top, throwing them at Mark, she walked over to the younger Turk.
He held her large breasts and began to tongue kiss her. Even I heard the groan of pleasure her husband released. I took the cock of my Turk out of his trousers and knelt before him, naked with the exception of my high heels. Just like a porno slut, I took his large cock in my mouth and began to give him a blowjob he would never forget. I slobbered all over his Turkish cock, my tongue swirling around the helmet and shaft, soaking his length with my saliva. I looked to my side and Shelley was doing exactly the same but would take his cock out of her mouth every now and then to say something that was obviously for her cuckold husband's benefit.
I decided to join in.
"Your Turkish cock is so masculine. It's much harder and bigger than my husbands!"Both James and the Turk let out a deep groan of sexual contentment.
"I can't wait to feel this large cock fucking my pussy then sliding in and out of my married unfaithful asshole!"
Again James and the Turk gave out a deep groan.
"Let's get these magnificent cocks inside us, giving us pleasure that our husbands never could!" Said Shelley, pouring it on quite thickly.
"Fuck us from behind and we can kiss each other to heighten our pleasure!" Shelley said, knowing this would drive the Turks mad.
A quick glance at both of our husbands ensured that they were both on board with additional lesbian part of the sex show.
"When you fuck us from behind, let's switch partners and then fuck us in the ass!"Shelley certainly knew how to press the right buttons with these guys.
We both knelt on the floor facing each other. Shelley brushed her lips against mine then said.
"Please fuck me!" As her Turkish lover slammed his cock deep inside her shaven pussy.
My own Turk placed his cock at my pussy opening and slid his length inside me effortlessly. He began to slide in and out as my passion increased and my breath became erratic. Shelley slipped her tongue in my mouth as we made out like teenagers on prom night, as our Turks fucked us fiercely.
Both husbands were staring in disbelief as the Turks frenziedly fucked their wives.
There was no chance that the Turks would have any staying power tonight as the situation was a lot more erotic than previous. The Turks didn't seem to mind. They were delighted to be fucking two hot European women in front of their cuckold husbands.
My Turk leant forward holding my swaying breasts firmly in his hands. His lips grazed the nape of my neck as he gently made his way to my earlobe.
"Come back tomorrow without your husbands and me and some friends will fuck you and your friend!" He whispered.
"Plus we will give you some more items that will look divine on you!"
I turned my head toward him, with the pretence to kiss him and whispered to him.
"We'll be back tomorrow at five and you and your friends will enjoy all of our holes!"
He gritted his teeth and pulled his large cock out of my pussy and sprayed a very healthy load of spunk all over my tanned naked ass.
His younger brother saw this and  did exactly the same to Shelley.
Both Shelley and I being top sluts, we turned around to face the Turks and began to lick the Turkish Spunk from our lovers' cocks.  This delighted our Husbands who were smiling delectably as we cleaned the Turkish cocks.
The elder Turk spoke up, with a hint of dominance.
"The ladies will be leaving now, but both will return tomorrow alone, where I and some friends will entertain the ladies!" He said, rather forcefully.
Both husbands just nodded in agreement as Shelley and I smiled like Cheshire cats.
The younger Turk handed us a packet of wet wipes. Both husbands took the wet wipes and wiped the Turkish spunk of our asses. Depositing the soiled wet wipes in the bin, they handed the packet back to the Turk.
The elder turk held out the bags as each husband picked up a bag.
Shelley and I placed our vest tops and mini skirts back on and said our fond farewell to the Turks until tomorrow evening.
The young Turk unlocked the door and we all headed out, with Shelley and I giving the Turks one last kiss before we departed.
As we crossed the road Shelley began to laugh hysterically.
"Girl I need to go shopping with you more often!" She laughed.