Thursday morning, 11:15 AM...where the woodchucks go to chuck wood.
"How did I miss this place when I got the job?"
Having not explored the outdoor extensions of Horton-Dexter before the day Travis Herbert got ambushed, Piper Cherry had barely crossed that bridge. Behind the high school was a secondary chain of buildings much smaller than the school itself, all closed and vacant due to lack of public funding. Connected to the bus barn was Instructor Damon Rice's Wood Shop. The class was one of the few to avoid the budget cuts because it was decided that home improvements was a necessary course to build confidence in young people that would elevate into future blue collar jobs. Teach a man to build a house and he would make a good impression. Of course Wood Shop didn't go that far. Too expensive! Bird houses at best.
"Good thing I didn't leave my heels in my cubicle this time. I don't want splinters in my toes." Piper mused before peering through the front door to see a healthy round number of 24 students working on individual wood projects ranging from condo style bird houses to small furniture pieces. She was actually impressed. What was more impressive had to be spoken out loud. "Ooooo! Over half of Damon's class are my Detention dicks. This could be fun. With everything going on for them getting ready for the Football game tomorrow I've missed my studs in Detention. Practice I know is necessary but so is my pampering." She giggles. "Of course I did get my massage yesterday even if it was from my nephew Mace. Not the same though. I promised my detainees I'd consider a little more risk on my part, possible masturbation in front of them seeing as they honored me with a 21 cum salute." A shiver while envisioning 21 dicks jerking off just for her Piper craved more. 22 next time she giggled. Wait! It was more than 21 wasn't it? She couldn't remember. 24 here in Wood Shop though! Should she?
Taking in a deep breath she opened the door and casually stepped inside. No one noticed her arrival at that point so she just stood there inside the door watching and tolerating the sounds of band saws and drills. "There's Toby and Antoine my foot soldiers. Better stay clear of their mouths. PUTTY!" She bulged her eyes knowing very well the paralysis of having her toes sucked on caused her. Noting Damon's private office off to the left of the huge room she eased over and peered in to find the large African American teacher slash basketball coach should he assume the extracurricular job peering out at his class through a rectangular window. Even he hadn't noticed Piper's sneak attack in watching his boys work. Tension in the air due to half his class being star athletes only made him worry that much more. One cut might mean Coach Roman Crandell skinning Damon alive.
"Knocker knockers!" Piper rapped on his door forcing his propped up feet to hit the floor.
"Hey pretty lady. I actually forgot that you might show up out here in 2X4 Town. Welcome to my humble commode. Shit job but it pays the bills." He stood up and leaned on his knuckles over his desk.
"Half the football team I see. Couple wrestlers..." She recalled a pair of boys from the gym that first day interview. "Does Roman coach the wrestling team?"
"I do. Might get stuck taking on the job of Basketball Coach too, if Manley has his way. I'm undecided I'm more a football and wrestling kind of guy. My idea of a lay up...well, you get my drift. The rest? Nerds."
"Is that term still used?" She winced, "I used to laugh my ass off at Booger back in the day."
"Funny the only black man in that movie had to be queer."
"Lamar!" She giggled. "I adore Lamar."
As if predicting the other's thoughts they mimic a Lewis and Gilbert symphony of nerd laughter just like in the movie Revenge of the Nerds. The humor made Damon shake his head, "Sad but I was one of those until I got into high school. Shot up as they say into the very jock that used to haunt those bastards."
"Wish I could say I was...even as a kid I was too sexy for my age. I had these boobs by 7th grade. Hiding my nips was impossible even with a padded...okay I cut out the padding." She shook them at him.
"Nice! I'd tell you to take a walk out and say hi, but I don't want any 9-1-1 calls." He laughed, "Band saws and missing fingers go hand in...well...no hand."
"Can't have that now can we?" She uses her own hand in a jerking off charade. "They might need those." Under her breath she added, "I might too."
"So...you and Roger Dundee?" He probed with a devious grin.
"Are going to fuck like rabbits tomorrow."
"Don't get your own rabbits foot near those saws out there."
"I wanna get lucky, not that unlucky." She chuckled.
"I'm thinking luck follows you wherever you go."
"Clover leaf butt cheeks when I do fast somersaults. Four leaf if you follow me closely" She shows him her bare ass. Whistling at her reveal he rubbed his chin.
"Nice as that ass is I love me some serious booty. Wait until you see my girl Patrice...now she can twerk it!"
"Maybe Patrice and I can have a twerking contest."
"She's got a bigger booty, bubble butt. Just the way I likes it." His ivory grin instilled his love for the woman. It made Piper puff her lower lip out of respect.
"Do you think she will join us tomorrow night for drinks? I'd love to have you both there."
"If she can get her Momma to watch her son."
"Your son?"
"Naaa! I've got boys myself, different momma though. We split up and she moved to Atlanta. See my boys pretty much only on holidays."
"Ah! I'm from Atlanta myself."
"I been meaning to ask you, you look real familiar."
"Oh? I do have that kind of face." She grits her teeth.
"Yep and every thing below it! Just give me time I'll figure out where I've seen you."
"Atlanta Falcon's fan?"
"Damn straight! Titan's just don't stand up to those Birds of Prey."
Rolling her eyes she went into quiet theatrics doing a short cheer from her cheerleading days. As soon as she did his eyes went wide and he pointed an index finger wagging it at her almost threateningly. "Hold up..." He went to a filing cabinet and sorted through things in the third drawer until he produced an old outdated calendar. One so hot he had to keep it.
"July!" She giggled as he opened the calendar going from page to page until he found her photo. Dropping his jaw he chuckled taking a pen from his shirt pocket. One click later...
"Autograph?" He looked hopeful, "Wait up...that means..." He swallowed dryly looking at Miss July then back at her twice before gnashing his teeth, "Davon Liberty. Awww maaan!"
"Keep it down." She winced, "Yes."
"Awww Piper I feel for you Lady, that was one miserable situation. Sorry you had to go through all that crap."
"Not as sorry as I was. Tidal wave under the bridge. I moved up here to Nashville to jumpstart my life. I trust you not to go spreading the news. I actually love it here. This place is exactly what the Doctor ordered, if I had one."
"Carl know?"
"He's an intelligent guy, I think he does, but just wants to give me room to rebuild my life. His faith in me is...well, I'm extremely grateful."
"Roger?"
"NO! Don't ruin my date Damon. I'll tell him myself when I feel comfortable."
"Wouldn't think of it Piper. I know Rog...likes you. I'm pretty sure he wouldn't let your past get in the way."
"He better. I kind of like the big goof too. It's just too soon to get into anything serious. Y'know?"
"I do. Everyone here at Horney-Dexter loves you Piper. I'm pretty sure even if the news hits home nobody would chase you off. Just keep being yourself."
"Thanks Damon. I needed that vote of confidence. About that autograph..."
As they smile with hesitance a new visitor arrives in the form of Damon's beautiful Beyoncé with a serious butt. Damon wasn't kidding her ass was plump perfect. Entering his office Patrice Hollander pauses, "Hey Baby...oh! Sorry did I come at a bad time?" She held up a bucket of KFC and a 2 liter of Coke.
"There's my baby girl." Damon goes mushy, " Get in here there's someone I'd like you to meet." He points at Piper, Patrice eying Piper's short dress with an intriguing scrutiny.
"You hire a stripper?" Patrice winces then laughs waving off her insult, "Overlook me, I'm Patrice Hollander. You're welcome to insult me back."
"I wouldn't think of it. I'm Piper Cherry. I'm the new school counsellor. Damon here brags about you all the time." Twice that she knew of.
"Does he now?" Patrice shuffles in and sets the bucket of extra crispy chicken on his desk before kissing him on the cheek, then on the lips. "Mmmmm Mmmmm! I've missed those lips." Patting his cheek and wiping off her lipstick she uses a napkin on her fingers before extending a hand, "Pleasure's mine Counsellor. I hope my nephew isn't any trouble I'd hate to have to turn him over my knee." A glare out the window meant said nephew must be close by.
"Nephew? Who might that be?" Piper followed her zeroing in finger point out toward the oblivious class.
"Big Calvin. My brother's baby boy."
"Calvin Knobb's? Wow!" She might never have guessed they were related, Patrice was tiny compared to Calvin, he being a giant. "That's interesting. I adore Calvin. He's always very respectful toward me." Piper smiles warmly.
"He better be or I'll tan his hide." As hard as it was to imagine Piper actually saw this woman spanking Calvin. Mainly due to her attitude and bravado. While the women spoke Damon concealed the calendar for another time stashing it back into his filing cabinet, pen put back into his shirt pocket. Piper peripherally seeing his move was convinced that her secret would be honored. It was nice to know people had her back.
"I'm certain it won't come to that." Cumming for Calvin in Detention another story, damn her hormones. Just being near all men with no women around, well Patrice but she would soon be gone or preoccupied, Piper's urges to tease or even more than that were spiking.
"Hey Patrice?" Damon hugged his girl from behind dancing them to his sway, "Piper here invited us to join some other couples Saturday night for drinks. You think your Momma or your cousin Juanita might watch Hondo?"
"I love that name Hondo." Piper expressed with a bubbly tone which invited an, "Awww! My grandfather used to make us kids watch old westerns. There was a John Wayne movie called Hondo."
"His real name is Hondrell." Damon chuckled, "Patrice here is a freak for classic movies too. We just call him Hondo. Before you ask Patrice here is divorced, she kept her married name. Hondrell Hollander is a mouth full but Hondrell was Patrice's Grampa's name so she honored him."
"Respect is a good thing. How old is he?"
"Gramps or Hondo?" Patrice chuckled, "Hondo's 4 now. Gramps...hell I dunno. I think I caught his Alzheimer's." She frowned at making fun of her own Grandfather but quickly changed the subject.
"I'm a freak in general but who's counting?" Patrice smirks, "A night out sounds fun." She then smiled with her eyes at her man while reaching over her shoulder to palm his cheek, "I'll call them after I head out and see who bites. Juanita needs money so it might be doable. Question is...you paying her? I just bought KFC. Momma's broke now."
"Car payment's due." He frowned.
"You know what?" Piper sighed, "Friendly gesture which I won't take no for an answer to, tell your cousin I'll pay her $200 for the weekend. My gift to new friends."
"Big spender." Patrice dropped her jaw.
"Believe you me, I'm not destitute. My...ex left me a good chunk of change." No lie. Fifty million and change to be precise. Hoarded for a rainy day, she already had everything she needed in life.
"That's nice of you Piper." Damon puckered, "Momma Pat's call though, it being charity and all."
"Only if you let us repay it cordially another weekend."
"Done! I'll hit an ATM and pass the moolah over to Damon tomorrow morning. Are you coming to see Calvin at the game tomorrow night?"
"Wouldn't miss my nephew throw off those Marquette Badgers like the fleas on their fur. I so hope he gets a scholarship and goes on to the pro's."
"Hmmmm? I haven't seen him play yet but...if he's really good I might know a few connections I can send his way." Good on and off the field. Fucking hormones.
"That would be incredible. Who do you know?" Patrice brightened up.
"Now hold up Patrice, let's not get too nosey." Damon went on the defense to save Piper.
"Let's just say my Father knows people who know people who know more people." She grinned, "Baby steps?" Of course those contacts went further than involving her Father for help. Something she never ever wanted to have to do.
Patrice honored her with, "Absolutely! Welcome to the neighborhood."
"What's this I hear about you being a twerker?" Piper batted her eyes playfully and drifted right as if checking out the woman's booty.
"Has someone here been talking about my big ole' ass again?" Patrice sighed, "Has to be that boy Darryl." She pointed out into the wood shop at Darryl Priest. The second she did Damon twirled her in step like a ballerina and laid one on her. Mind blown by his kiss Patrice enjoyed her man, at the same time teasing Piper her skills at twitching her butt cheeks behind her tight black leggings. Impressed Piper had a thought. Waiting until the lovers parted lips she communicated what was on her mind.
"You should jump off the bleachers and join my girls in getting the crowd riled up."
"Piper's the new cheerleading Coach too." Damon pointed out.
"Do I get to do this?" Patrice shook her ass like a pro dancer. Piper joined her briefly until Patrice seeing no panties on the hot blond gnashed her teeth. "You go girl." In the same breath glaring at Damon, "You close your eyes boy." She laughed at her man eying Piper's bare bottom. "Ole' man Manley let's you get away goin' without?"
"By the balls Baby." Piper used her hand to act as if squeezing Carl's scrotum with a stern look in her eye, one that quickly winked.
"I like this girl." Patrice snickered, "Can't wait to see what mischief we can get into Saturday. Friday even." Famous last words Ms. Hollander!
"Speaking of mischief." Piper straightened her skirt out, "Why don't you two close these curtains here." She took the time to close them for the couple, "Have a...romantic lunch together. I'll watch the construction crew."
Damon had his hands down the back of Patrice's leggings palming her ass before Piper even excused herself. Eyes bulging Patrice returned a wink at Piper as she closed the door, locking it behind her.
"Why do I worry more about that beaver than I do all of the others?" Patrice had her say, until Damon had her on his desk. Finger licking good they say. She mashed her taters.
Outside the office Piper noticed an old CD player next to her on a metal shelving unit. Already plugged in she popped the disk to make sure she wouldn't be hearing something romantic. Right...in Wood Shop? What she discovered was a disk by the artist Pitbull and selected the song Don't Stop the Party. Hitting play she put her hands on the shelf and kept her back to the boys in the class. Swaying to the beat, her ass peeking out from beneath her skirt she waited until the saws and drills ceased interference. Dead silence she turned to face them with a hunger in her eyes, her own eyes met with an equal amount of starvation.
Not one of them said a word they just stood in shock that she would be standing there dancing in front of them. Inside Damon's office he had his pants down and was fucking Patrice on his desk when he heard the music and chuckled, he knew the Counsellor was going all out, picturing her only made his dick harder. Lucky Patrice! His lady wasn't letting him out, legs coiling his waist like a vice. "Go with it Baby." That he did. His own party wasn't stopping.
Piper set about prowling amongst the wolves teasing, caressing cheeks, pinching butts, even rubbing Calvin's belly to laughter. The Detention boys worried a bit over the newcomers seeing her so flamboyantly until one of the nerdier young men spoke up, "I saw her pussy earlier. Mister Dundee lifted her skirt." That was all it took to relax the jocks going forward. Knowing one of the most respected teachers at Horton-Dexter was showing Counsellor Cherry off gave them hope.
Piper ignored the whispering and just danced as one song led to another, this random selection was Live It Up with Pitbull and Jennifer Lopez. Increasing her seductive natural instincts she brushed her breasts over Toby's chest. He mouthed the words, "I miss you." She read his lips and winked at him, knowing full well he meant Detention. She returned his silent words with, "Hurry back I need my massage." Whisper deciphered she was gone. His smug grin let others know he was the Man. "See you in Detention."
Watching her retreat Toby bit his knuckle, her twirling in step left subtle teases of both ass cheeks and pussy. Tits dancing she held them in her palms offering a sheepish look then releasing them to show off her nipple protrusion, it was then she wished she had worn a lighter colored dress, Burgundy was hardly inspiring. Twirling again she found Calvin in her way and stopped cold, a deer in her own headlights.
Smiling down at her Calvin plucked her up by her hips and hoisted her into the air squealing. Turning right he stood her up on a 5 x 5 foot woodworking station with an oak top, the only table with nothing in the way but dust. The dancer had her stage.
Piper didn't skip a beat, not even her heartbeats with another song change to Fun by Pitbull and Chris Brown. Dancing while towering over them there was no hiding her body, they could look right up her skirt easily. Jocks cloaking the stage all around her as if guarding her she felt at ease. Even with the newcomers it just came full circle. Let them see. After all Roger did start this by showing her off in the hallways, her pussy at least. Glimpses of her ass were caught all week long. With Carl Manley to back her up she just gave in to the witnesses, fingers crossed all were old enough. She did know the classes were divided by year and the jocks were all Seniors. The shyer nerds sadly uncertain. Still...she danced up a storm.
Dropping to her hands and knees she stalked her prey at all four corners of her world, her skirt hiding nothing as she prowled about like a caged animal. Hands to themselves the jocks just watched, knowing their leader Angus Furlong would tell them to gain trust first and foremost, then move in for the kill. Trust this time would be honored. At Detention later? Not so much.
Piper enjoyed their lust but truthfully was glad they showed restraint. New students seeing her perform like this was risky enough as it were. Her only worry was that the others were on the sidelines and were being left out. Seeing pouts amongst the non jock community she waved the football team away and motioned the lesser known boys into her arena. Reluctance denied some of them until eventually she coaxed them into surrounding her, stupid she knew, but everything she had done this week bordered on stupidity. She just couldn't resist teasing. Keeping her sensuality tamed down she went from one boy to the next and kissed their cheeks. One boy dared to turn before contact and kissed her on the lips. She feigned a blush and wagged a finger at him. Once every one of them got a peck on the cheek the music dramatically stopped cold.
Turning at the absence of tunes she froze and sat up on her knees, her heeled toes hanging over the tables edge. Witnessing a dark haired boy switching CD's from a cardboard Nike box next to the player the whole room heard a loud, "FUCK ME DAMON!" Patrice was screaming her lungs out. At least Piper knew they were too busy to check on her. Not that she worried that much about it happening. Music returning at the push of a button things went South fast. While she was distracted a boy had untied her dress tether about her neck without her even feeling it. Shades of yesterday's Detention would be remembered shortly. Not even the jocks intervened this time.
Her music now leaning into the metal genre that she herself preferred jumped into Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap by AC/DC. Pardon the missing lightning bolt. She loved old school metal as much as the newer stuff. Befitting of her current stature she went with it. Hands in her hair lifting it up into a sweaty mound she shook her shoulders letting her breasts bounce from side to side. With her tether untied her top fell to less than 40% covered, basically her nipples were her sole support. Peering down at her unfortunate wardrobe malfunction she merely released her hair and took her tethers and clenched her teeth around them as if a horse's bridle, her cleavage remained low but not totally exposed. Hands back in her hair she swayed through the song. Not a very long song as it was, the next tune in a Greatest Hits CD was Thunderstruck, more upbeat to get her reactions amped up.
Rising carefully to her feet with an assistance from behind, a nice firm pair of hands on her ass lifting her, she flared her eyes. The song should have been AC/DC's Touch Too Much. Blowing it off she just rebounded into a seductive dance that kept her hands in her hair, tits bobbing about to the anthem. In her dance recital she eyed each and every boy there to study their reactions be it lust, nerves, or stress. Finding only one boy looking worried she pointed at him and curled a finger drawing him closer. With an encouragement nudge by Antoine the boy moved between the others until he stood up against the edge of her stage. Lowering into a crouch he could easily look between her legs at her stunning pink slit. Eying it he grew tense. Finally, as the song dwindled she just sat down Indian style on the table and covered her lap with her hands. Releasing her tethers from her teeth they fell over her cleavage. Music stalled by her actions via Toby Mellon she just sat there in front of the boy.
"What's on your mind?" She said using her hands to retie her dress tether to her neck.
"Nothing! You're freaking awesome." The young black male chuckled nervously, looking about him at the others. A few agreed with his compliment verbally, just as they heard Patrice scream another round of orgasms.
"She's loud." Piper giggled.
"I bet you're louder." Darryl Priest laughed.
"Pffft!" She rolled her eyes, "Good thing we don't have windows up in Det..." She bit her tongue finishing her comment under her breath, "My screams would blow the glass out again." Voice returning she smiled at the boy, "Tell me the truth." Her warm smile struck home.
"I-I-" He failed to reply. Behind him a jock named Nolan warned her that the boy was gay with a wagging hand gesture. Eyes hesitant she maintained a friendly smile and lifted the young man's chin.
"If you ever need to talk I'm here for you. Fully clothed."
"Thanks! I'm good though. I won't ever rat you out."
"Good! Let's talk early next week. Bend my ear over."
"O-Okay?" He wasn't sure what she meant. Turning away from her Piper immediately pointed at everyone to treat him respectfully for his choices in life. The group stood idle nodding, Calvin Knobb's even patted the boy's shoulder.
"Among friends Bro." The boy Brandon smirked and mumbled, "Thanks."
Before another word could relate Piper looked around at the constructed wood projects they had abandoned due to her. They were all pretty sturdy constructions. Just to show her impression she rallied their egos with, "Build me something." The suggestion brought on vivid thoughts as to what. Topic for further discussion later.
Oblivious to the time used up, the next period bell shook everyone to their core, imaginations retreating. Toby and Danny Wendt assisted Piper off of the table and physically dusted her dress off by hand. Sawdust left it's mark on her wine colored dress. Copping a feel their true goal she knew, Piper just let it happen, sorely tempted to take her dress off and shake it out like a rug. Better not!
Two minutes later Damon and Patrice opened the office door and stepped out to see Piper leaning on the wood shop table all alone, the boys having moved away were heading out to their next class. They didn't even put their projects away.
"Turned the music on to drown you two lovebirds out." Piper winked.
"Uh huh!" Patrice smirked hugging her man by the side. She was even wearing his ballcap. "Thank you. We've...never done that during school hours before. Did...my nephew hear me?"
"Noooooooo! Calvin was too busy showing me his...bird house. She almost said Cat house. "Any time! I better get back inside." Piper stepped around the table and found herself itchy. "I think I have sawdust up my ass." She whispered in passing. As Piper left the building Patrice mumbled, "Mmmm Mmmm! New girl has one fine booty. Dusty one at that!"
"Not as fine as yours Baby." Damon Rice was smooth, but regardless knew Piper was busted. Patrice shook her head knowing Piper was going to be trouble in a good way. Her kind of friend!
At the back entrance to the school Piper was scratching herself everywhere and whining over her stupidity. Just inside the door she found the boy Brandon waiting. Surprised by him Piper smiled to mask her dilemma, "I guess this is what I get, a wood shop STD." He chuckled bashfully then hugged her out of nowhere.
"I need your help." He mumbled, his cheek between her breasts. "It can't wait until next week."
"I told you I'm always here for you." She rubbed his back. Once they peeled away from one another he sighed heavily looking at his feet.
"I take it you were building a closet door in Shop class?"
"Something like that." He smirked, "I...haven't come out yet."
"I get it totally." She couldn't stop the itch in her backside. "God I need a shower I think."
"It's girls hour in the gym." Brandon posed an option, "You could probably grab a shower while Ruth is busy."
"That's not a bad idea..." She realized she didn't know his name.
"Brandon Foster."
"Good idea Brandon. Wait! I think I remember seeing you the day I did somersaults with Robin."
"I like watching the cheerleaders." He smiled then hesitated, "Their routines."
She narrowed her eyes suspiciously, "You want to be a cheerleader don't you?"
"Yessssssssssss!" He went full on spectacle.
"Be at the game tomorrow night. You're cheering alongside my girls. Ummm! I'll even get you a uniform, it's just a t-shirt." She winked.
"Really, truly?"
"Time to be a Swallower."
"Nothing new...between you and I." He chuckled.
"Same here." She winked, "You better get to class. I'm going to wash my sins away."
"Thanks Miss Cherry. I won't let you down. Oh!" He turns to her, "I love your heels."
"Stand tall Brandon." She smirked, "Buy some!"
"I will." He was gone in a blur.
"Sawdust STD...I kill myself. I put the itch in bitch."
Luckily the gym wasn't far away. Far enough!
"FUCK ME!"
There it was!