She dropped her board on the beach and gazed out at the surf. The surf was not exactly small but she was confident she could catch a wave or two without being dumped. The beach was quiet today with only a handful of surfers sitting out on the break and only a few people on the beach. The weather was sunny and there was a slight breeze coming in from the South. The waves were foamy and messy. Not great surfing conditions but she was happy to be on the beach with the wind blowing through her hair. She looked out to where the surfers were waiting for the next set. There were five people out there and probably all guys from what she could tell.
She pulled her wetsuit up over her shoulders, zipped up her back and headed down into the shallows. The water was cold but nice and she quickly threw the board out and started paddling. It wasn't long before she was out with the other surfers. They glanced at her but paid little attention as they focused on the incoming sets. She hung off to the side making sure she didn't get in any ones way.
She managed to catch a few waves but the conditions weren't great and she was happy to bob up and down and watch the more experienced guys catching the bigger waves. After a while one of the surfers paddled closer to her.
"You'd be much better off with a shorter board today," he said.
"This is my only board I'm afraid," she replied smiling.
The surfer looked to be in his mid 20's. He had a friendly face with scruffy hair and an unshaven face.
"You'd be better off coming back tomorrow. The wind will be coming in from the South West. Cleaner waves for a long board."
"Sounds like you want these waves for yourself," she replied smiling.
"Not at all," he replied. "Good to see a woman in the surf."
He paddled away with a grin on his face. She watched him paddling away slightly annoyed with his comment.
She had seen him before at the beach but had never spoken to him. He was a nice looking guy. She felt a little guilty about checking out a younger guy as she was already 30 but who was to know. She caught a few more waves and felt refreshed and content with her morning and paddled into the beach.
She stripped off her wetsuit in a clumsy kind of way and stood looking out into the water. She was wearing a blue bikini that complemented her curves perfectly. The sun seemed to have grown in intensity and she relished the warmth on her cool skin. She noticed the surfer had also headed in and he was walking up the beach towards her. She felt like she should cover up somehow and felt butterflies in her stomach. She laughed at herself for feeling like a schoolgirl checking out a cute guy.
He had taken off his wetsuit to his waist and the empty arms flopped around his legs as he walked. His torso was tanned and strong with a solid chest and a rippled stomach. His skin was smooth and hairless. "I wonder if he waxes," she thought to herself.
"Do you want a short board?" he asked
"What?" she replied
"I've got a board that would suit you that you can have"
"Why would you give a board to a stranger?" she asked.
"It's good to see beginners in the surf enjoying the waves. Think of it as a gift of encouragement. I can lend it to you if you'd be more comfortable with that."
"That's very kind of you," she said suspiciously.
She caught his eyes flick down to her breasts for an instant. "Oh, that's what this is about," she thought to herself.
This made her feel slightly powerful to know this cute guy was checking her out. She wasn't normally one to flirt but was feeling free and curious as to where the conversation was going. She bent down to pick up her towel allowing the surfer a longer, more revealing look at her breasts. She straightened up smiling at him. He seemed a little lost as to what to say next.
"Listen, if it's not too strange, I can get it for you now," he said.
"I live close by, you could follow me there in your car and take it home with you"
"My names Jay by the way. Should have said that earlier," he said smiling.
"Allie," she replied reaching out to shake his hand.
He held her hand strongly and probably longer than necessary. She felt a little tingle of excitement go through her as he released her hand.
"I don't think I really know you well enough to borrow a board off you. I feel a little awkward about it."
"I'm a nice guy with pure intentions. Honest," he said with a warm smile.
Allie doubted he had pure intentions but was enjoying his attention. She hadn't had a guy try to seduce her in a long time, especially in the middle of the day on a beach. "Maybe this is just about lending a board," she thought to herself. She decided to see where the adventure took her. She felt confident that she wouldn't be in any danger if she followed this guy.
"Alright, lets go then," Allie replied trying to sound impatient.
They chatted causally as they headed up to the car park. Jay dumped his board in the back of an old blue ute. He didn't have any other gear. She watched as he peeled off his suit and stood in his undies reaching around in the back trying to find his shorts. Allie turned away blushing. Jay had a dark tan all over but she could see a glimpse of white around the top of his undies. There was a small tattoo on his back near his left shoulder. She couldn't make out what it was of. He turned back to face her with his shorts in his hand.
"Are you alright to follow me?" he said.
It was now her turn to have a quick glimpse. He had strong thighs and an almost hairless body. There was a small amount of hair under his navel leading down to his pants. There was a small bulge in his pants that he was obviously happy to display.
"Get your shorts on and lets go," she replied.
Allie threw her gear into the back of her car and strapped on her board. She put on a skirt and climbed into the car. As she followed his car out of the car park her head raced with thoughts. Is he really just a friendly guy? Do I want to put myself in an awkward position when I have to tell this guy I'm not interested? What if he tries to kiss me and I don't stop him?
They drove a couple of kilometres from the beach and then headed up a quiet side road. After a short while he was indicating and turning into a driveway. The driveway headed up between peppermint trees and they reached a clearing with a small timber house. It was a cute place clad in dark timber with a tin roof that was showing its age. There was a big timber shed towards the back of the block full of what seemed like junk mainly. Another car was parked under some trees near the shed. She slowed and suddenly thought she should probably just leave. He jumped out of the car and waved her up to park next to his car. She continued up and parked next to him.
"Let me just wash the salt off and I'll show you the board," he said.
"Like your house," she replied looking around somewhat nervously.
Jay headed to the side of the house and turned on a tap and a spray of water appeared. The outside shower was not built for privacy. A small shrub somewhat blocked her view but she had a pretty good view of Jay as he pulled off his shorts and undies. He faced away from her as he showered showing a little modesty but his white backside was hard to miss. She turned away from him and pretended to be adjusting the straps on her board.
"Could you grab my towel from the back of the car?" he shouted over the spray of the water.
She grabbed an old red towel from his ute and walked towards him wary about what she may be about to be exposed to. Expectantly, he turned with an arm out and she flung the towel towards him as his other hand turned off the tap. He started drying his hair and while his head was covered she glanced where he wanted her to look. His penis was thick but not overly long. It danced around between his legs as he dried his hair. He looked somewhat aroused but it was hard to tell.
She turned and walked to the front steps of the house blushing and unsure what to do. She was now sure what Jay was after. She had to decide whether she wanted the same thing. He had a gorgeous body, the sun was out, the cicadas singing, and she felt adventurous.
She heard him approaching from behind and he walked past her and up the steps. He had the towel around his waist.
"Come on in," he said. "I'll just put something on and I'll grab the board for you."
"Pretty nice having an outside shower," she said thinking of something to say.
"Feel free to shower if you want. I promise I won't look".
She didn't say anything for a while and watched Jay disappear into a bedroom. Perhaps she would.
"Alright," she replied.
He reappeared in the doorway without the towel and rubbing some kind of lotion between his hands.
"Really? Do you want a towel?" he said sounding surprised.
"No thanks," she smiled "I won't be long."
They stood a while staring at each other and then she headed to the front steps. She wanted to feel the sun on her skin and know that there was someone watching and wanting her. As she rounded the house, she wondered what window Jay would be watching her from. Would he be naked as he watched, touching himself? There were two windows that would provide a good view of her.
The water wasn't cold as it hit her. The sun seemed strong enough to heat the copper pipes visible down the side of the house. She rubbed the salt from her skin still wearing her bikini. She bent her head forward letting the water wash her hair. She stood upright and quickly checked the windows. He wasn't at either window. She reached behind her back and untied her top, removed it and hung it on the nearby shrub. That was as far as she wanted to go. She turned her back to the shower to face the sun and closed her eyes. The water massaged her back. She suddenly thought about what she was doing. She was standing topless at a stranger's house having a shower in the open. She opened her eyes and turned to the tap. Jay was walking towards her with a towel in his hand. He was finding it difficult to keep his eyes on her face. He was now wearing boxer shorts. He passed her the towel not saying anything and took her hand in his. He turned to walk and pulled gently on her arm. She resisted briefly then followed his lead. He led her back through the front of the house into the hallway. He turned to face her, took her other hand and pulled her towards him. He kissed her clumsily and she pulled away. He smelled like body butter and tasted minty.
"The board?" Allie asked seriously.
He looked at her unsure if she was serious.
"If you want..." he started to say.
She cut him off as she walked towards his bedroom. She dropped the towel as she walked and listened to his footsteps as he followed her. As she entered the room he caught her around the waist. One hand slid up to her left breast and his mouth warmly kissed the side of her neck.
She didn't want this to be like some drunken experience from her teens. If she was going to let his guy have her she wanted to enjoy it. She wanted to be in control and enjoy the experience. She had a beautiful stranger in front of her and she wanted him to pleasure her and make her feel desired.
She turned to face him and placed her palm on his chest and gently pushed him away to arms length.
"Let's take things slow," she whispered.
She could feel his heart pounding in his chest and he was breathing quickly but once she said this he seemed to relax a little.
He let his arms fall to his side and his eyes moved over her body. She was starting to feel quite aroused as her hand rested on his chest and she saw the lust in his eyes. His boxers hid his penis but it was clear just how aroused he was by the bulge extending up to the elastic waistband.
"Should I take them off?" he asked softly watching her gaze.
"Not yet", she replied.
He pulled her towards him and kissed her softly this time. His hands rested on her lower back and he slowly pulled her in tight against his chest. She ran her hands over his muscular back. The kiss became more passionate and he slid his tongue into her mouth. She responded and moved her hands up into his hair. Her body was filled with desire as they kissed passionately and she began exploring his body with her hands. Her hands moved over his neck and shoulders and down his arms. His body was hard and every muscle seemed to be tense.
His hands moved down to her bottom and he slid one hand down underneath her bikini and he squeezed tightly on one cheek. As he did this he pulled her against his pelvis and she felt his erection pressing against her abdomen. She broke away from the kiss and moved her face slightly away from his. She looked him in the eye and slowly slid her hand down over his abdominals to the top of his boxers. His breathing became rapid in anticipation. She pulled the waistband out and slid her hand down wrapping around his cock. It felt hot in her hand and as she slowly moved her hand up and down she realised that it was not only thick but also impressive in length. She looked down to see he was uncircumcised and as she rubbed up and down the foreskin rose and fell revealing the purple head. Her thoughts raced to what it was going to feel like being penetrated by Jay. She could feel wetness between her legs and she began to long for his touch. She realised there was no going back now and she released his cock and pulled his boxers down to his ankles.
"Would you like to suck me?" He said.
She responded by taking his hand and leading him to the bed.
"Sit," she said, and pushed his chest lightly making him fall onto the bed.
"I think you should remove these first," Allie said motioning towards her bikini bottoms.
Jay wriggled forwards on the bed and placed his hands on her hips. He sat eye level with her navel. He slid one hand to the front resting on her pubic bone and slowly let his hand slide down between her legs pressing lightly with his thumb as he went. The sensation of his fingers sliding over her clitoris sent a shot of pleasure through her. Even with the fabric separating his fingers from her the sensations felt wonderful. She placed her hands on his shoulders, closed her eyes and spread her legs a little more. He continued to rub the fabric between her legs feeling her contours and enjoying the ever-growing wetness seeping through the fabric.
Allie began to moan softly and Jay stopped his caressing and slid her bikini bottoms to the floor. She stepped out of them and returned to the position she was just in wanting more. Jay stood and turned Allie around roughly. He put his hand around her waist pulling her bottom against his cock and he slipped two fingers of his other hand into her mouth. She sucked his fingers hungrily and he quickly removed them and slid them down to her pussy. He slid his fingers slowly up and down against her clitoris pressing firmly. Allie squirmed in pleasure at his touch and pressed her bottom back hard against his cock. The pace of Jay's rubbing increased and he was enjoying the sensation of Allie's bottom moving against his cock. Allie tilted her head and they kissed roughly. Jay was now beginning to grunt with Allie's movements and his free hand was kneading her breasts and squeezing her nipples.
"Fuck me," Allie purred. "Put your cock inside me." She spoke breathlessly. She reached behind her and pulled his cock down between her legs. She arched her back pushing her bottom back towards Jay. Jay's hand momentarily left her clitoris and he put his hands on her hips positioning himself. Allie put out one hand grabbing the windowsill to support herself. Jay rested the head of his penis against the opening of her vagina and very slowly moved his hips forward. Her lips parted and he slowly slid up inside her. He felt large inside her and Allie let out a low moan as he pushed his whole length inside. Jay lent forward and again began rubbing her clitoris. The tempo increased as Jay slid his cock forcefully in and out of her pussy. She pushed her hips back to meet each one of Jay's thrusts and his fingers were now slick from her juices rubbing frantically against her. Suddenly Allie reached orgasm and she pushed back hard against Jay as waves of pleasure shot through her body. She let out small cries as each wave of the orgasm hit her, Jay kept his fingers against her and pushed his cock in as far as he could. The orgasm began to subside and Jay slowly slid his penis out and led Allie over to the bed. He lay her down as she caught her breath. They were both shimmering with sweat from the exertion and Jay lay down next to her and kissed her mouth gently. He ran his hand slowly along her body tracing the curve from her back over her hips. Allie looked down at Jay's still large erection and realised he hadn't cum.
"You're not going to leave me like this are you?" He asked as he moved his head down to her breast. He took her breast in his hand and began sucking the nipple. Immediately, Allie began to feel her arousal building again at the thought of what could come next.
Her thoughts were suddenly broken by a voice from the doorway.