Anna set out on her run blissfully unaware that, thanks to the hidden hickey on the back of her neck, her activities with Jacob had been uncovered. Her husband Simon now knew for sure that he had got what he wanted from his machinations. Anna had fucked their son's friend Jacob.
While Simon stewed at home over the best way of revealing to her the fact that he knew, Anna was pounding the pavement. It wasn't as difficult to get back into the swing of things as she expected. She considered herself a reasonably healthy and active person, after all. Sure, she didn't do a whole lot of organised exercise, but she always seemed to be on the move doing errands, and her diet was OK-ish. She'd never wanted to be a stick-thin supermodel type anyway. As far as she was concerned, all women looked better with a bit of meat on their bones.
Regardless, this time she wasn't running to lose weight, or even to improve her fitness. She simply wanted a distraction from the overwhelming sexual energy that had been continually building up in her ever since she had slept with Jacob. In recent days, it had felt as if it was building towards a crescendo, and with no way of having sex with her husband without revealing the incriminating hickey on her thigh, running had seemed the second best way of blowing off some steam.
She had set off without any concrete idea of her route, instead just following her legs wherever they were taking her. For a while she managed to convince herself that she was making good time. That was until a man blew past her out of nowhere. From the brief glimpse she got of him before he disappeared into the distance, he didn't look much older than her--a fact which made the discrepancy all the more embarrassing. Oh well, at least she now had a benchmark to compare herself to.
Eventually she realised something which troubled her. It was to do with her route, and why she now found herself on the estate where Jacob lived with his parents. God, Anna, are you really that desperate that you're subconsciously pining to run into him? And do what, pull him into the woods for a quick shag?
It was just as likely she'd run into his parents, a humiliation she didn't think she'd be able to face. The thought motivated her to pick up the pace, and soon enough she was out of the danger area.
She sighed (or at least made whatever sound is closest to a sigh while also being achievable while running). There was really no longer any use denying it. She wasn't over Jacob. Or at least how he had made her feel. Realising that caused a surge of anger within her, anger directed towards Simon. He had set all this up. It was his fault, all of it. Had he seriously expected her to just be able to fuck someone else and then just move on as if nothing had happened?
***
She was still feeling that anger as she peeled off her sweaty running clothes in the bathroom and headed straight for the shower.
As the water began to cascade around her, her anger morphed into something else entirely. Lust.
She didn't masturbate, as a rule. When she was in the mood, she went to her husband. But that was off the table for now. Even excluding the hickey, how could she sleep with her husband while her mind was non-stop Jacob?
As it always did, being in the shower brought the memories of their first encounter flooding back. How he'd taken her so roughly yet so easily. How he'd made her cum twice. And afterwards how badly she had wanted him to lick her pussy.
As she reminisced, her hand snaked its way into her folds. Previously she had managed to stop herself before her fingers reached her clit. Not this time. She gasped as she tentatively massaged her clit, rendered all the more sensitive from a week of denial. All the while, her eyes remained closed, affording her glimpses of Jacob and his dick (and in truth, mostly the latter).
She adopted the same position against the wall she had taken with Jacob, only this time one hand remained glued to her pussy. She was dimly aware of moaning emanating from her mouth, but at this point she was far too gone to care.
She came, her thighs clamping together and her legs quivering. It wasn't the equal of her orgasms with Jacob, not even close. But it was still better than usual.
And afterwards... clarity. It had worked. She felt better. She chided herself for her prudish opposition to masturbating. If that was what she needed to do to stave off her desires, that was what she would do.
***
Remedy found, Anna was excited to get on with a day where she wouldn't have to be thinking about Jacob all the time. Unfortunately for her, the next few hours were filled with reminders of him. Sitting in the garden, she thought about how he had hit on her there, and how she had been unable to avert her eyes from his growing dick. Walking past her bedroom, she spied the dirty linen bin and her mind flashed back to cum-sodden knickers. And with the memories came desire.
While she had earlier found masturbation a very effective way of shutting off her thoughts about Jacob, she was now discovering it was only a temporary measure. She imagined her lustiness was like a cup beneath a dripping tap. When it filled up, she had to do something about it. And it seemed to fill up awfully quickly...
She felt like a teenage boy, who she knew from experience seemed addicted to their hands. Could she really do it again, and so soon to boot? This was the perfect opportunity to indulge herself, after all, with Simon out running errands.
No, she decided eventually, she was better than a horny 18-year-old.
Wanting a distraction, she slumped down on the sofa with the laptop. Opening Facebook, she began scrolling through all the mundane updates of her friends, family and (most numerously) acquaintances. As she looked, she found herself feeling very envious of them all.
She wished her life could be a little more mundane right now. She very much doubted, for instance, that Jacqueline was currently tormented by the fact she had fucked her own son's friend. Or that Uncle Jack secretly got off on the fact Aunty Emma slept with other men. Then again, she wasn't entirely putting it past those two...
She returned again to the quandary of just why the hell Simon had done what he had in the first place. She could always ask him, sure, but doing so would mean dredging everything up again, when she had worked so hard to put a lid on it. Not to mention she was more than a little afraid of finding out his true reasoning, anyway. What was it Jacob had called the fetish? Cuckolding?
She tapped the words into Google and clicked on one of the first result, a Wikipedia entry. Hmm, so it wasn't as obscure as all that. She read through the page, affording herself some bonus points for having correctly pointed out the word's Shakespearean associations when Jacob had brought it up. Who said studying English was useful now, huh Dad?
It was a decent enough overview, but it didn't say anything about why on earth someone would actively want it to happen to them. So she went back to the search results, eventually alighting on what she thought at first was another article: "Wife lets cuckold husband watch her fuck". It didn't take her long to realise what kind of site she was on, however, thanks to all the thumbnails of various sex acts plastered everywhere she looked. In the middle was the largest thumbnail of all, a close up of a woman giving a blowjob. She didn't know what was coming over her, but she couldn't help but press play.
After some opening titles, the video began with a woman staring directly into the camera.
"Thank you for letting me do this, baby," the woman said. "As promised, I'm going to let you watch the whole thing."
Anna inferred that this meant the POV of the camera was meant to be the husband mentioned in the title, and it didn't take a genius to work out that the "thing" in question was sex. That seemed even more certain when, in the world of the video, a knock at the door preceded the entrance of a very hunky black man. He instantly began to kiss the wife, right in front of the husband who just stood there watching. Anna's eyes grew into saucers.
Even through the layers of cheesy porn acting, it still felt like a violation to her. Shouldn't the guy behind the camera want to punch this intruder in the face? He was stealing his wife right in front of him, for goodness' sake!
Anna was so wrapped up in trying to understand what she was seeing that she forgot she was watching porn, something that she had always insisted was gross. Naturally, with a teenage boy in the house, she always expected it was being consumed in her vicinity. But she had always been careful to tell her son that the things he might see in such videos were not to be understood as lessons on how to behave in reality. Yet here she was, attempting to use them as learning material.
Things had progressed in the video. By now the husband had sat down opposite his wife and her lover. The camera watched as the two of them furiously made out. She couldn't help but be reminded of herself and Jacob in the taxi. But then the wife went further than she had done, fiddling with her lover's trousers until out popped what Anna had to admit was a very impressive dick.
Again, it reminded her of Jacob. The dick in front of her eyes looked slightly bigger but otherwise vaguely comparable to his, except for the colour of course. The wife's facial expression also seemed very much like the one she imagined herself making when she saw Jacob's dick in person for the first time. Anna was finding it harder to claim that her interest was merely scholarly.
"Oh my god, Baby, look how big it is! Once this is done stretching me out, I'm not sure I'll even be able to feel your little thing any more..."
Wait. Was that why her husband was into this kind of thing? He's embarrassed about the size of his penis? And he thinks having sex with better endowed men makes up for it in some way?
But that didn't make a whole lot of sense to her either, considering Jacob had told her he read stories about it. Why would he go out of his way to do that? Surely he didn't enjoy the embarrassment?
Anna did have to admit that sex with someone with a big dick was... different. OK, that was a lie. It was better. Knowing that Simon was small, she had always subscribed to the notion that it was all about the motion of ocean, that how you used it was the more important factor than its size. But Jacob had comprehensively disproved that theory for her. He was a virgin, after all, with no knowledge of how to please a woman. Yet she'd had better sex with him, on the first time of asking, than she had ever had in twenty years with her husband.
Distracted by her thoughts, she almost failed to notice that the action in the video was rapidly heating up. The wife and her lover were now naked, and she was bent over his lap sucking his dick, all in full view of her husband.
"Bet you didn't know I even gave blowjobs, huh Baby? It's because you've got no stamina. If I blew you, you'd be cumming in seconds. Then you wouldn't even be able to get that little white dick hard enough to fuck me." She punctuated her words with the sloppy sounds of the blowjob. "But I know this dick can take it. That's why he deserves a blowjob and you don't."
Anna couldn't deny that she was finding this taboo scene oddly compelling. She had practically lived it after all, minus the presence of her husband. She imagined what it would have been like had he been there. Weird, definitely. Embarrassing too. But maybe kind of hot as well. Would he like her to say all those humiliating things to him if he was there? Would she?
She seemed to have something of an answer in the fact that her hand had found its way to her clit. This time, she couldn't be bothered to argue with herself. Instead, she put the laptop down on the coffee table and lay back on the sofa, so as to give herself better access to her pussy.
Speaking of better access, that was exactly what the wife was providing to her well-endowed lover on the video, straddling him with her back turned to the camera. She reached a hand down to position the huge black cock at the entrance to her pussy, then looked over her shoulder.
"Are you ready, Baby? Ready to see what I look like fucking a real cock?"
Anna didn't know about the husband, but she was certainly ready. She thought back to how good that moment of first penetration had been, at least once the pain had worn off. A pang of jealousy flashed through her. Slowly the wife on the video began to lower herself onto her lover's cock. He was just about to enter her folds when--
She heard the front door in the real world swing open and the voice of her husband calling out.
"Eek," she actually squeaked, hand flying out of her knickers as though it had just been burnt. She could hear her husband's footsteps approaching. Frantically, she manoeuvred the cursor to close the tab, her effort hampered by the fact her hand was still slick from her exertions. Tab closed, she wiped her hand on her thigh and closed the laptop, just as her husband walked into the room.
"Good trip?" she asked much too brightly.
For Simon, that was giveaway enough that she had been up to something. Pair it with her bright pink face and her guilt seemed absolute. He didn't let on that he thought anything was up, though, deciding instead to nonchalantly launch into an account of his business in town.
Internally, Anna breathed a huge sigh of relief. She'd got away with it, but that didn't mean she hadn't skirted incredibly close to disaster. She didn't recognise herself of late, constantly absent-minded, always losing track of time. He, Simon, had done this to her, him and Jacob and his big stupid dick. She just wanted to go back to being another boring, ordinary, non-porn watching, non-affair-having mother. Or so she told herself.
***
The two of them tried to enjoy the rest of their Saturday together, but there was an undeniable tension in the air as they both dealt with their internal troubles. Simon was still trying to figure out how to broach the fact he had seen her hickey. He was no closer on deciding what to do when he sidled up behind Anna as she cooked dinner.
"What are you doing?" Anna asked defensively as Simon wrapped his arms around her.
"What does it look like I'm doing," was Simon's reply as he thrust himself against Anna's ample arse. She could feel his hard lump digging into her.
"Pestering me while I'm trying to cook?" she retorted with a discipline she didn't feel inside. If it wasn't for that damn hickey, she'd let him do whatever he wanted to her. Then again, maybe this was the perfect opportunity to finally reconsummate their marriage. If she stayed against the counter, he wouldn't be able to see the incriminating love bite.
That thought top of her mind, she let him continue with his ministrations, and he moved from squeezing her breasts to gingerly removing her tracksuit bottoms. Finding no resistance, Simon kept going until they fell to the floor completely. Anna's arse looked unbelievably enticing as she stood there in a thong. He carefully pulled it aside and dipped a finger into what he discovered was a sopping wet pussy.
"Wow," he said, "that was quick."
She knew what he was referring to. She'd been like that ever since he'd interrupted her watching porn, the scene replaying over and over again in her mind.
"What can I say? You clearly have the magic touch."
"Sure I didn't interrupt you thinking of something else?"
She rolled her eyes, hoping her practiced derision would get her out of trouble.
"Positive," she said.
Simon knew she was lying. And knowing that drove him crazy. Here he was trying to come on to her, and Anna was clearly fantasising about another man. He couldn't resist for a second longer. He lined up his dick behind her and entered in one easy stroke. Already he knew he wouldn't be able to last long.
Anna groaned as her pussy finally got the penetration it had been crying out for. Maybe she was overthinking things, but her husband's dick did feel even smaller than she remembered. Was it really possible Jacob had stretched her out, just like the wife in the porn video had said her lover was going to?
Still, despite the difference in size, it was a nice sensation. Her husband's little dick was no match for Jacob's, but she had to admit it fulfilled a purpose. Sex with her husband could still be good, she realised with relief, even if there was no danger of her cumming anytime soon.
The same couldn't be said for Simon, who after just a few strokes was perilously close to the edge. He blamed a combination of having been denied for so long and the knowledge that his wife had fulfilled his ultimate fantasy and cuckolded him. On the brink of orgasm, he finally had some inspiration about letting Anna know he knew what she had done.
He announced he was about to cum. Anna couldn't help but frown in disappointment, grateful that her face was turned away from him. His thrusts quickened, then Anna felt a flooding warmth in her cunt, as well as a sharp pain in her neck.
"Sorry," said Simon, his spent dick falling out of her alongside a torrent of his cum. She couldn't tell if he was apologising for cumming so quickly or for giving her another damn hickey. What was it with men and marking her?
"At least now you're symmetrical," he said gnomically, zipping up his fly and walking out of the room without another word. Anna was incredulous. He expected her to clean up his cum as well as cook his dinner? And what the hell did he mean, "symmetrical"?
Her heart suddenly sped up. Was he talking about the existing hickey? The one on her thigh? Had he seen it somehow? She calmed down a little once she realised that didn't make any sense. The hickey on her thigh was on the right, and the love bite her husband had just given her was on the right side of her neck. Surely symmetry would involve one being on the left? It was probably just some dumb film reference she didn't understand.
Crisis averted, her thoughts turned to the cum trickling down her leg. It seemed waterier and less white than Jacob's offering. She wasn't tempted to taste it as she had been with his. A disappointing load for her disappointed pussy, she thought darkly.
***
Back in the living toom, Simon was feeling smug. He imagined Anna trying to puzzle out the meaning of his words. How long would it take until she figured them out?
In the meantime there was something he had been meaning to do. He hadn't had an opportunity to investigate what his wife had been looking at on the laptop when he had interrupted her. Now she was occupied, he booted it up and went straight to the internet history.
He was very surprised to see the word "cuckold" pop up. She knew the lingo? Had Jacob told her? That was nowhere near as much of a surprise as the fact she had actually opened a cuckolding porn video, however. Suddenly it all made sense. Her pink face and the forced cheeriness when he had spoken to her. He had actually caught his wife watching porn. It beggared belief. He made a note of the video so he could watch it himself later.
He wondered if watching had been the only thing she had been doing. Now watching porn was out of character enough, but the thought of her actually touching herself to a video of a woman sleeping around on her husband drove him wild. He closed out of the video before she could come back in and discover what he was up to, but not before making a note of the video so he could watch it himself later.
When Anna did eventually reappear from the kitchen, he was slightly disappointed she didn't show any sign she had understood what he had meant by "symmetry". Still, there was time for her to put two and two together. And once her frostiness at him leaving the clean up to her had worn off, the rest of their evening proceeded about as normally as the two of them could expect.
***
Later that night, as she was preparing herself for bed, Anna was feeling antsy. Partly it was due to the fact that she hadn't been able to cum earlier. Indeed, she had been interrupted twice--first when her husband had almost caught her masturbating, and second when he finished so quickly. The cumulative effect was to make her feel even hornier than she had been, which left her doubting her capacity to resist if her husband came on to her again. That was a problem considering it would almost certainly have to involve revealing the hickey on her thigh.
Part of her wanted to give up on hiding it from him. End the ruse, and let him know exactly what had transpired between her and Jacob. There was a pretty good chance that he would like what he heard anyway. But a bigger part of her didn't want to go back on her word, both for fear of rewarding him for his bad behaviour, and for fear of what it would unleash once he knew. This state of limbo might have been uncomfortable, but she figured it was probably best for their marriage.
Idly, she scratched her neck, which was still a little tender thanks to her husband. She tried looking in the mirror to assess the extent of the damage, but couldn't get an angle. So instead she awkwardly brought up her phone behind her neck and snapped a photograph.
The blood drained from her face as soon as she saw what the camera had captured. She knew instantly what her husband had meant by symmetry. There were two love bites, one fresh and one old, located directly next to each other on the middle-left and middle-right of her neck, forming a kind of butterfly shape. The older one could only be from Jacob, a fact both her and her husband now understood. The cat was out of the bag.
The two of them now found themselves in a faintly ridiculous situation. Her husband still believed she didn't know he knew. So from one vantage point, she had all the cards. Both knew what she had done, but only Anna now had the most complete set of information. If she wanted to, she could go on pretending she didn't know that he knew (God, this was all getting so confusing).
She knew then that such an approach was unsustainable. The truth would have to out. Climbing in bed, she resolved to stay awake until her husband came up, as opposed to falling asleep early as she had the past week.
It was an anxious wait as Anna chewed over what to say. When her husband finally entered the bedroom, she was in such a state that she sprang naked out of bed and started speaking so fast it was unintelligible.
Simon was surprised to say the least. He grabbed her arms to calm her down, his eyes surveying the naked Anna until they alighted on the wine-red hickey on her thigh. So it wasn't just her neck he'd kissed.
Anna had stopped talking by then. Following his eyeline, she knew what he had seen. Their eyes flicked back to look at one another. A microsecond later, she was hungrily tearing off his clothes while he kissed her equally ravenously.
They tumbled onto the bed, and he was inside her within seconds.
"Tell me what happened," he said in a manner that brooked no argument.
So she did, detailing what had happened from the moment she left the house.
For his part, Simon just listened, the pace of his thrusts intensifying as she got to the juicy part: sex with Jacob in the shower.
"He just climbed in and spun me round. I was--oh--so wet his dick just slid right in, even though it's so... you know."
"So much bigger than mine?"
Anna thought back to the porn video from earlier. She was pretty sure she knew what he wanted to hear.
"Ah, m-much bigger. I didn't know I could cum just from sex but I can with his dick. He made me cum twice, baby. And that was his first time ever."
He could scarcely believe what he was hearing. In the present, he noticed that Anna had moved her hand to her pussy. He found it inexplicably hot that she needed to do that with him but not with Jacob.
"Oh, oh, oh--I'm cumming," she whined after just a few seconds work, fingers working furiously on her clit.
Simon was grateful that he was finally able to let go himself. Worked up by her stories of infidelity, he came harder than he ever had before, grunting and groaning until he fell on top of her.
The two of them lay there spent. After a little while Anna, realising she hadn't finished her story, caught Simon up on how she had rejected Jacob afterwards, and on how she had been pining for him this last week.
"And that's it."
She had, of course, not revealed everything that had happened. She left out some details, chiefly the kiss in the club and the fact she had tasted Jacob's cum on two separate occasions. It wasn't that she thought her husband would be upset with her. Quite the opposite, in fact, Simon's behaviour so far suggested he would be very supportive of her activities. But she didn't want him thinking she was quite as slutty as she had been. Besides, he didn't deserve any more rewards. She'd fed him quite enough tales of her exploits.
"One question," Simon said. "Would you like to do it again?"
She looked at him strangely for a second, but couldn't bring herself to answer.
"I think that's a yes," he chuckled.
"I-I want to get it out of my system. One last time, you know?"
Simon thought that sounded preposterous, but he wasn't going to argue with her.
"So tomorrow then?"
"But that's such short notice... What if he's busy?"
"Honestly, I don't think there's anything he wouldn't reschedule for a day with you..."
"Well what if he doesn't want to?"
Simon simply laughed at that, causing Anna to pout and roll over, signalling an end to their conversation. It wasn't long before the both of them were asleep, their dreams filled with the exploits of Anna and Jacob.
***
Anna awoke to find the bed empty. For a blissful moment her mind was totally blank, then the events of yesterday came flooding back to her. She had told her husband that she wanted to fuck Jacob again. But in the cold light of day, she was back to feeling unsure.
She found her husband in the kitchen, looking much more ready to start the day than he usually did on a Sunday morning. For one thing, he was fully dressed.
"Morning," he said cheerily.
"Err, morning," she replied. "Going somewhere?"
"Well, yes actually. I hope you don't mind, but I took the liberty of using your phone to invite Jacob round. He should be over in about ten minutes!"
Anna froze in place. Eventually her mouth started working again.
"What!? I very much do mind! How am I possibly going to get ready in that time?"
He noted with approval that her opposition was not to Jacob coming over, but simply him coming over so soon.
"Why waste time getting ready?" he asked her. "Wouldn't you prefer a full day together? I'm guessing your clothes aren't going to be staying on for very long anyway."
She couldn't believe just how keen her husband was on her getting fucked.
"But I haven't even showered or anything," she groaned.
"I guess you'll have to take a joint one again."
She rolled her eyes at that. This was all so new to her, and she had such little time to think. There was one thing she wanted to make clear to her husband, however.
"W-where are you going to be during all this? I don't want you in the house..."
"Don't worry about it. Like I said, I'm going out. I'll be occupying myself. I'll be back tomorrow morning before work, say 7.30? That work for you?"
"I guess-"
"Perfect. Well, see you then."
His nonchalance at the whole situation floored her. Could he really be so laissez faire about the thought of his wife sleeping with another man?
In truth, he was experiencing a significant amount of turmoil himself. But he knew that one of them had to take charge of this. Or else Anna, flighty as she was, would back out and in all likelihood their first foray into infidelity would be their last.
Part of him wanted to betray her trust again and stick around, potentially being able to surreptitiously watch as they fucked. He knew that would be pushing his luck, however. Anna was about to have her second visit with another man, and if it went well, he was sure it wouldn't be her last. There would be time for all the other things he wanted to do later.
***
She watched him walk out the door without another word. Shit, she had to get dressed. Anna scrabbled frantically to get ready as she heard him driving off in the car. She was so focused on making herself look presentable that she didn't really even have an opportunity to feel nervous about Jacob's imminent arrival.
All too soon, she heard the doorbell ring. She hadn't even put on her makeup, let alone had a shower. All she had managed to achieve was to pull on some totally normal, non-sexy clothes and give herself a spritz of perfume. What was Jacob going to think of her?
Judging by the look of lust he gave her when she opened the door, he wasn't at all put off by her all-natural look. She hadn't had any time to think about how to greet him, so for what felt like eons, the two of them just stood there staring at one another.
Brains failing to engage, they both unconsciously decided to let their bodies take charge. She yanked him though the door, lest any nosy neighbours were about, and the two of them began frantically kissing in the hallway. She begrudgingly conceded that her husband had been right about her not needing to get ready. Within seconds, Jacob had undressed her entirely. She attempted to do the same to him, but Jacob batted her off, manoeuvring her around in search of a surface, any surface, that he could bend her over.
He settled on the back of the sofa, flipping her around and folding her over so that her arse was facing him. She could only groan at the rough treatment and how exposed it left her feeling.
She heard the sound of unzipping behind her. She was just seconds away now from getting what she had been craving ever since first tasting it a week ago. She could admit that to herself now, having tried as she might to tell herself otherwise.
With the last vestiges of her rapidly fading common sense, she managed to remind him that he needed a condom. She directed him to her purse hanging up in the hallway, which still contained the box of condoms she had brought with her on their night out.
She had to contain a chuckle as he complied, sprinting over to retrieve them as if he were competing for the world record time to put on a condom.
As he took his place behind her once again, she couldn't help but wiggle her hips in anticipation, her cunt already anticipating its first orgasm since her last encounter with Jacob. First real orgasm. Already she had relegated what she experienced with her husband to an advanced form of masturbation. She wondered how many she'd end up having today. More than two, surely? In fact, if there was a maximum it was possible to have in a day, she felt there was every chance she'd reach it.
Her thoughts were cut off by the delicious moment of first penetration. There was no pain this time, which puzzled her. Had she really accommodated to Jacob's dick after just one session? It seemed to beggar belief. But maybe there was some truth to it--she had, after all, definitely noticed that her husband had felt smaller than usual.
In the absence of pain, she was finding there was heightened pleasure, not just in her pussy, but seemingly extending to every part of her body--up to and including the tips of her fingers and toes. God, she had missed his big dick. She could admit that now. While she still didn't feel like everything was her husband was resolved, she had successfully compartmentalised that away for now. In that moment, she didn't feel any guilt about what she was doing with Jacob.
But she equally knew she had no interest in spending the rest of her life pining for him. Her mission for today would be to have enough sex with him that the feeling of it became commonplace instead of deeply, deeply memorable. She just hoped that he was up to the challenge.
***
She again managed two orgasms on Jacob's dick before he couldn't hold on any long and flooded the condom with his seed. He slumped to the floor and she slid off the sofa to lie next to him.
"Hi," she said, in her first proper words to him since he'd arrived, save for exhorting him to get a condom.
"Hi," he smiled back. "You don't know how glad I was to hear from you again. About last time-"
"Shh. It wasn't your fault. I just got... overwhelmed. Like I told you, as soon as you're at university, this ends between us. And I guess I thought a clean break would be the best way to achieve it. But just doing what we did once... It wasn't enough for me."
Jacob couldn't help but grin. It made him very happy to hear Anna's words. "Me neither."
"Which is why," Anna continued, "we have to make the most of today. To get it all out of our systems, you know?"
"I suppose that makes sense."
"I'm glad you agree," she said, reaching down to his still-hard dick. "In which case I guess we should probably be spending less time talking and more time, you know, fucking."
They started kissing again until Anna broke it off to retrieve the condoms from her purse. Returning to him, she grabbed his dick and gently led him up the stairs towards the bedroom. Getting fucked over the back of a sofa was hot, admittedly, but not especially comfortable.
"God, you're so fucking sexy," Jacob growled as she led him.
"Oh please, I'm not even wearing makeup. And don't say I look better without it."
"It's hot getting to see you as only your husband usually would."
That actually made a lot of sense to her.
"Well hurry up and I'll show you some more angles only my husband gets to see..."
***
They sat there together after their latest round, facing each other, hands gently stroking each other's by now increasingly tender genitals.
"I just don't get it," Anna said.
"What?"
"Why he would want to share me. When you get a girlfriend, will you want to share her?"
"No, probably not. But cuckolding is like a fetish, you know. Don't pretend there aren't weird things you're in to. Everyone's into something."
"I'm not into anything weird."
"Seems you're pretty into having sex with people much younger than you"
She picked up a pillow and bashed him with it.
"You're not *much* younger than me you little shit. And your age is not the reason I... enjoy it."
"Oh so you're a size queen? Or maybe you have a cum fetish."
She shook her head in disbelief.
"How does a virgin know so much about sex and fetishes and everything, anyway?"
"Porn," he grinned.
"Oh." She felt slightly foolish having asked the question.
"But now I know it's not half as good as the real thing..."
She gleefully allowed him to manhandle her into position for another round.
***
Later, they lay together in another brief moment of respite before trying yet another position. Doggystyle, missionary, standing, something Jacob had called the Amazon position--at this rate, they were going to exhaust the Kama Sutra in just one day.
"My husband knows, you know. What we did the first time. And obviously that we're together now."
"I figured as much. Why did you decide to tell him?"
"Actually, it's your fault," she said, turning away from him to show her hickey-stained neck. "The older one is from you. I didn't even realise it was there."
"Oh shit, sorry. And he saw it?"
"Mmhmm. But... I think it was a good thing. I think I wanted to tell him, really, but I just couldn't find the words. Having that on my neck meant that I didn't need to say anything."
"Ah. It looks kinda cool, you know, like a butterfly? Maybe that could be your sigil."
"You've been watching too much Game of Thrones," she laughed.
"How did he react?"
"Umm... well, I suppose. Today was kinda his idea." she said blushing. "So strange. I mean, what does he get out of it?"
"I gotta say, I don't understand why you're so upset about him being a cuckold. You might not understand it, but it seems like you have free reign to sleep with whoever you want while also being able to keep your husband. It's like the best of both worlds, isn't it?"
"If you say so. I think he's just looking for an excuse to trade me in for a younger model. He thinks I won't have an excuse to stop him if I'm fucking other people as well."
"Hmm. Having spoken to him a lot, and having flicked through the stories, I'm pretty sure he isn't looking to sleep with anyone else."
"The stories?"
"Yeah, I told you didn't I? That's how this whole thing started. I found some cuckolding erotica open on his laptop while I was fixing it."
"Oh right, yeah you did." She paused for a moment. "What were they about, exactly?"
"I only flicked through them. But I'm pretty sure his favourites list is open to the public. I could send you his username if you want. Then you can read them yourself. Maybe it'd help you understand."
She was minded to say no. It was quite the invasion of privacy, after all. But then she considered how Simon had invaded her privacy and manipulated her. This seemed small fry in comparison.
"OK, thanks."
She felt somehow obliged to offer him something in return. There was something naughty that had occurred to her, and now she was just about sex-drunk enough to bring it up.
"What's the one thing you'd like to do but would be too embarrassed to bring up with a girlfriend? And don't say anal."
Jacob thought hard for a few moments.
"Do you really want me to answer that?"
"Yep. In five seconds or the opportunity goes forever." She held up her fingers and started counting them down.
Jacob wracked his brains. Was she really offering to do whatever he was about to say? At first he thought of rimming, but considering her opposition to anal that seemed like a step too far. She only had one finger up by the time he finally decided on what to say.
"How about doing it outside?"
Anna raised an eyebrow. It was a warm night and their garden wasn't overlooked. The thing she was most worried about was the noises she made and being unable to stop them. Still, she was pretty confident she'd be able to stifle them. Mind made up, she grabbed his hand and led him outside.
***
The air was warm and still and the ground dry enough to make doing it on the grass a perfectly feasible proposition. Outdoor or public sex had never been something she had explicitly considered doing, but she could see why there might be fun in the whole spontaneity of it.
He laid her down on the ground and clambered on top of her. Meanwhile, she reached down to guide his condom-clad penis inside her. Fuck it felt good. Every time it was like she had forgotten. As he established a rhythm, she put a hand over her mouth to stop her moans becoming too loud. She had never thought of herself as someone who was noisy in bed. But something about this dick brought it out of her.
Exposed as she was, she found her mind wandering. The way the air played over her skin was a pleasant reminder of her time spent knickerless in town. There had been something so exciting, so naughty about it. Now here she was outside once again, only totally naked and being fucked.
Suppose there was some roundabout way she hadn't anticipated that her neighbours could see her, a respectable mother, fucking a friend of her son's. They would be scandalised. The thought of judgmental eyes on her made her oddly giddy, and she instantly took a few steps closer to yet another orgasm.
But then the thought transmuted. What if the one watching was Simon? What if her husband hadn't even left as he had said he would? What if he was still about, lingering in the bushes, watching them fuck?
That well and truly pushed her over the edge. She reached up to kiss Jacob as they rode through her orgasm together.
***
After swapping positions a few times (resulting in grass-stains all over for both of them) Jacob was done and they headed back inside to the living room.
She was pretty certain that Jacob would be flagging soon. Even if he was a horny teenager, surely he couldn't stay hard forever? Especially when he had cum so many times already.
It wasn't long before he was proving her wrong, however, old faithful rising obediently after a short make out session on the sofa. She sent him upstairs to retrieve a condom, but he returned only with bad news.
"Shit. Looks like you're all out."
"Of what?"
"Condoms."
Shit. She had only bought a small pack, never expecting they would have sex this many times.
"Why didn't you bring any?" Anna said accusatorily as he rejoined her on the sofa.
"Sorry, I didn't think. I was in a hurry to get over here."
"Well I guess you can go get us some more."
"I guess so. But maybe it's the universe telling us there's stuff we can do without condoms."
"You think the universe is that interested in our sex lives? What kind of stuff?"
"Well, like oral, for instance."
Oral. That was the roadblock that had derailed their first session. At the time she'd opposed it because it was something she hadn't done with her husband. But this time they'd already crossed that bridge many a time. That line in the sand she had drawn didn't seem so important anymore. Her husband seemed to like her crossing boundaries, anyway.
She found herself saying yes. Not because it was something she was particularly interested in doing herself. But because she could already imagine her husband's reaction when she told him.
"Oral for me or oral for you?" she asked.
"Why not both? Heard of a 69?"
God, thought Anna, that would be so... intimate.
Jacob could sense Anna's reluctance. He distantly remembered something Simon had told him about her competitive spirit. It was worth a try.
"I think you're just worried you won't be able to make me cum, anyway," Jacob teased.
Anna's eyes narrowed in response.
"Wanna bet?"
"How about a race? First to cum has to go out and get more condoms."
"Deal," said Anna.
Despite having by now fucked him so extensively, Anna found the process of positioning her pussy over his face both awkward and embarrassing. Jacob had no such qualms as she lowered her beautiful cunt onto his face. She wasn't as neatly prepared down there as she had been the first time, not that he minded. This was a night he'd remember for the rest of his life.
Anna found herself staring at his cock again with a mixture of greed and reluctance, just as she had the last time she was in such close proximity. But then her pussy made contact with Jacob's face and she felt his tongue begin to intrude among her folds, reminding her there was a race to be won.
She put aside her distaste, both for the thought of Jacob's mouth on her pussy and the fact her mouth was about to be on his cock, and set to work.
She was half expecting it to taste bad somehow. But she was relieved to find it was just musky and warm, alongside the traces of cum and condom lube. Fitting it in at all required quite the stretch in her mouth. But then her mouth engulfed the head of his dick and she flicked her tongue out to explore. She wondered if she was doing it right, but then a muffled grunt from Jacob underneath her confirmed that she was on the right path.
After a while, she noticed it was getting easier to go deeper as her saliva coated his impressive rod. What wasn't getting any easier was finding a rhythm with Jacob's exploratory tongue constantly denting her focus. Having never had her pussy licked before, she had nothing to compare him to. But considering he was a virgin, she had no complaints.
That didn't mean she was going to let him win, however. While she had never had a penis in her mouth, she liked to think she knew her way around them after twenty years of marriage.
And so it proved after a further five minutes or so, when Jacob announced he was going to cum. His groans had been getting more and more frenetic in the preceding few minutes, so she wasn't overly surprised. She was pretty gratified that she finally had an edge over him in something, considering he'd been giving her about twice as many orgasms as she'd been giving him.
She braced herself for what she knew would be a pretty sizeable eruption. Sure enough, Jacob's cum began to spurt into her mouth. She was resolved to swallow it, having already tasted it on a few occasions and found it to be inoffensive. Luckily, his previous efforts that day meant his load wasn't quite as voluminous as it might have been, and as his dick stopped twitching, she knew he was done.
Keeping her mouth closed, she turned to face him before swallowing ostentatiously.
"Ta-da. Looks like I win."
It was then she noticed that the poor boy's face was absolutely covered with her juices, to such an extent that she suddenly felt embarrassed.
"Do I... taste OK?" she asked needily, seeking his validation.
In answer, Jacob met her with a kiss. Her juices mingled with the taste of cum already in her mouth. She was pleased that there was no strong taste to it, as she had feared, just a gentle feminine fragrance to balance out the male tang of his sperm. She had to admit, she didn't mind either of them.
***
After they had both cleaned up, she again cursed the fact they had run out of condoms. It would be so simple to head out for 10 minutes and buy some more. But the problem was they couldn't keep their hands off each other. She wanted his dick inside her. Enough, as it turned out, to override her common sense.
"Oh fuck it. I'm just... just going to sit on it for a second. To tease you. You have to stay still, OK? No thrusting."
She lowered her well-fucked pussy down onto his straining penis, involuntarily biting her lip as she did so. She was turned away from him, so he couldn't see the look of intense pleasure on her face.
She stopped approximately half-way down and looked over her shoulder to see a similar look of ecstasy on Jacob's face. The two of them stayed like that for what felt like minutes, revelling in the sensation of bare cock on bare cunt. Without the condom, each could feel every delicious texture of each other's anatomy.
"OK," she managed to say after a while, "that's enough." She broke out of her squat and went to stand up. But as soon as Jacob's dick had popped out of her pussy, her legs betrayed her and she sank straight back down onto his hard rod.
"Fuuuck," she moaned, transitioning out of a squat to being on her knees, all the while with him still inside her. She knew there was no stopping them now. All that was left to them was the good old fashioned pull out method. "Tell... tell me as soon as you're--unn--close, I'll finish you in my mouth."
"OK," he responded, a very happy smile across his face. "Fuck, this might be the best view yet."
"Flatterer," she managed to gasp between breaths as she slammed herself down against his torso, the removal of the thin rubber coating somehow allowing his cock to go even deeper than she could ever imagine possible.
"Give me your phone, I'll show you just how good you look."
The rational Anna did not want video evidence of her sleeping with someone other than her husband, even if it was on her own phone. But that person had long since receded into the background. She reached over to grab her phone from beside her on the bed and handed it to him. A minute or so later he handed it back.
OK, maybe there was some truth to his words. Her butt rippled hypnotically as she slammed into him, while her pussy gripped tight against his cock as it slid up and down. After a few seconds, she noticed that her bounces on his cock were lining up perfectly with the ones she was watching on the screen. It was like she was outside her body, somehow watching herself being fucked while simultaneously experiencing the pleasure. But the woman she was watching wasn't her exactly. She looked so beautiful and so powerful. Yes, she was being taken by a man but she was also taking from him, unashamedly using him to extract as much pleasure as possible.
The woman on the screen looked like the perfect match for the big, delicious cock that plunged in and out of her pussy. Anna could feel her orgasm building from deep inside of her. She was dimly aware of a low, keening groan emanating from her mouth, and less aware still of a male voice telling her to slow down. She was far beyond listening to it though. She came, hard.
When she finally returned to cogency, she realised what she had done.
"Shit. Shit shit shit. Sorry!"
Still coupled together, the place where their two bodies met was an ever-growing mess of whiteness as cum leaked out around his still hard cock.
"Don't be," said Jacob. Somehow, he swivelled her around on his still-hard cock before pulling her down for a kiss which she instantly reciprocated. Inevitably, within seconds they were fucking again. This time it was Jacob who was in control, however, hard dick thrusting up into her cum-sodden cunt.
The though occurred to her that perhaps the only thing riskier than unprotected sex is unprotected sex using cum as lube, but it was quickly fucked away.
"Fuck, I didn't realise your pussy could feel even better than it did..."
She felt the same way about his cock, but she could only express that through a series of groans.
***
Afterwards, they lay together in a tangle of sheets, covered in sweat. Jacob's cum flowed freely from Anna's cunt. Both of them thought they might be in heaven.
Anna had ended up cumming once more before Jacob deposited his load in her unprotected pussy. She was shocked that she had been so careless, but fairly confident it wouldn't result in disaster. She was well past her fertile period this month, and then there was the fact she was in her late 30s, after all. Still, she would have to get the morning after pill as well, just to be sure.
Had they cared to look at a clock, they would have found it was early Monday morning. Both of them knew their marathon session was drawing to an end.
"How many was that, then?" Anna asked, interrupting the post-coital silence.
"Orgasms? I've lost count."
"Me too," Anna giggled. This had certainly lived up to its billing. Much as she'd rather another fuck than a talk, Anna knew she had to make some things clear about how it would be between the two of them going forwards, lest she end up in the same predicament she had after their first encounter.
"You have to promise me you'll forget all about me. I don't want you ruining your life pining for me when you should be out having your own experiences." She narrowed her eyes. "I'm serious, I don't want to be the one responsible for womankind missing out on experiencing that dick! Promise me."
"I'm not ever going to forget about you," he said sincerely. "But I promise you I won't be staying celibate on your account."
"OK," said Anna. "I guess that's good enough. You're not going to have any trouble finding girlfriends, you know that right? And you're going to have even less trouble keeping them," she giggled.
"I'll take your word for it."
"Just one thing. If you want my advice, don't fall in love too early."
"You regret it?"
"No, not regret it. It's just this... experience has got me thinking about the life I might have led, the opportunities I might have taken if I was single, you know?"
Jacob furrowed his brow. "What's stopping you from taking those opportunities now? I don't think your husband would mind."
She rolled her eyes.
"Because that's a young woman's game! And now my husband has experienced his dumb fantasy, what's to say he'll want it again? I expect he'll wise up when he has to take me to the pharmacy for the morning after pill in the morning."
"I wouldn't bet on it. He'll probably want you to keep seeing other guys."
"Hmm," she frowned. "Maybe." She really didn't know how her husband would react to what they had done together. Half of her hoped it would all come to an end once he knew the ins and outs of what she and Jacob had done. But if she was telling the truth, the other half of her wasn't ready for this to end yet. She would just have to wait and see what he said.
There was a natural lull in their conversation. Anna felt she had one more piece to say, however.
"Look, just please make sure you move on from this. I'll feel awful if you don't."
"OK, OK. I will. I swear." Jacob paused, looking mischievous. "Just as long as I get one more for the road."
She put her hands to her mouth in mock outrage. "Well, if those are your terms..."
TO BE CONTINUED...