*****************************************************
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to events or people, living, dead, or fictional is entirely unintended. Sexual activity should occur only between consenting adults in the absence of coercion. What is sexy in fantasy may be appalling in reality; do not confuse the one for the other.
*****************************************************
I leaned back and stretched my arms above my head, the wooden chair creaking under my weight. My small study desk, home to a physics textbook and notes, was tucked into a narrow alcove between library shelves, a wall, and what I was pretty sure was paneled over ducting for the AC system. I lowered my arms again, sighing as I felt the fabric of my shirt slide over my chest, and not for the first time thought about how much my life had changed, and how I'd ended up squirreled away in this particular corner of the Mag.
A couple of months ago I was trying to emerge from my shell, fighting back the damage that years as "Pancakes Drake" had done me. But then my friend, Mila, had offered me the chance to be a nude model for an art class. I still didn't know what had come over me, how I'd found the courage to agree, but I'd spent an amazingly pleasant evening showing off every inch of my body to two rooms full of strangers. And for a bonus, I'd managed to take a little revenge on Paul Hopkins, the asshole who had nicknamed me "Pancakes" in the first place. I'd walked out of the art building a winner, and thought that would have been the end of it.
I guess it would have been the end of it for some, but not for me. I'd spent year after dreary year hiding and concealing my body, and myself, from others only to discover all at once that I no longer had to. It was like starving for years only to discover a five star banquet! Being naked in front of so many people had made me feel powerful and in control. It made me feel real and I wanted more. In the weeks that followed I noticed things that I hadn't before, like when I stopped to tie a shoe and my shirt fell forward a little, I noticed boys trying to sneak a peak at my tits.
And once I'd noticed, it suddenly became very important to me that my shoelaces were always tight, especially when my neckline dipped a bit lower or my shirt was a bit looser. I noticed that I didn't wear bras quite so much anymore, and especially not when I knew I was going somewhere a little bit cold. I liked how I looked when my nipples stood up under my shirt, and I liked how men looked at me when they did. My usual pants had started to feel confining and I found myself wearing shorts and little skirts. At first it was enough to know people were looking at my toned runner's legs, but before long I wanted more. I noticed I was choosing to sit where it would look like, with a little luck, you could see right up my skirt. Some days, I think you could.
As if that wasn't enough, every so often I'd run into one of the artists. I saw the girl with a nose ring in line in the cafeteria and she gave me a smile and a subtle thumbs up. One of the custodians in my dorm really had been one of the amateur photographers. Since that night, any time I saw him, he stared at my chest as if he could see right through my shirt. Most often I saw the boy with the brown hair, whose penis I'd imagined myself sucking. Our schedules overlapped more than any other and when they did I could always feel his gaze hot on my skin. If only he knew what I'd been thinking about while I posed naked for him!
That night of posing had awakened in me the need to be seen. Most of the time I barely noticed it, like when I was hanging out with friends, or eating, or in class. It hit me worst when I was somewhere public, and felt a little bit bored. I used to study at tables in the student union; it was comfortable, and close to my dorm, and I was good at concentrating. But one day I was bored with my work and started thinking about the people walking by. I imagined slipping my shirt off and studying there with my tits out. I imagined them all looking at me, drinking in my round tits and little perky nipples. And that's when I realized my hands had drifted to the hem of my shirt and had started to lift it. I'd quickly shoved them down, smoothing imaginary wrinkles and went back to studying, but I knew that I had a problem. I'm sure I could find excuses to show off my tits (and Mila was promising to help me find the perfect bikini for Spring Break to do just that), but I needed to be at least a little bit choosy about where.
I couldn't study in my room, not least because my roommates only stopped talking to me when they were asleep or gone, and they weren't either one nearly enough. And it was pretty clear that if I kept at it in the union, sooner or later I was going to do something that would be hard to explain away. Which is what brought me to the Mag.
Near the center of campus is the John T. Magou Library, which everyone just calls the Mag. It is, to put it nicely, a beast. It had been built after World War II with three levels below ground and eight levels above, a sprawling edifice packed to the gills with books, journals, microfiche, and all of the other odds and ends that university libraries accumulate. After a couple of decades, another library was built right next door and, a decade later, the two were connected together to create one, even bigger facility. Then the renovations started; first one building, then the other, and then a sort of joint renovation. And finally a third building a bit further away was connected by underground tunnel. The tour guides, like Mila, liked to tell parents that it was the largest single library west of the Rockies. I don't know if that's true, but everyone on campus agreed that it was by far the oddest.
After the years of building, and rebuilding, and renovation, and re-renovation, almost nothing about the inside of the Mag made any sense. You could go down a flight of stairs and end up on a top floor, or follow a hallway around in a circle and end up in a different building from where you started. Windows would provide a fine view of a blank wall inches away and getting almost anywhere required at least two elevators or stairwells because the floors didn't all connect. The humanities types described it as "post-modern," the math crowd as "non-Euclidean," and the science crowd as "fucked up" (What can I say? Scientists are practical people). But whatever word you preferred, the Mag was a bizarre, eldritch space that wasn't so much left as escaped from.
For me, the Mag became my salvation. With a floor plan that weird, it was full of nooks and crannies that were almost impossible to find unless you were really looking. In my first year, when I was still trying to hide myself away, I'd discovered a study carrel wedged into the stacks in an obscure corner of an obscure floor. Tucked in between an interior wall, some duct that a renovation had forced them to punch straight through the floor and ceiling, and shelves densely packed with huge bound copies of journals, my little desk could only be accessed by making the right choices at several specific junctions and then sliding through a narrow space that looked as if it didn't go anywhere at all. In my first year I discovered that my little desk in the Mag was always free and nobody ever seemed to come to that part of the labyrinth. Back then I'd been hiding from others, but now I was hiding from myself, and my little desk was exactly what I needed.
Of course, there was a unique danger to the Mag. Since the start of the year a handful of female students had fallen asleep while studying in the stacks and had awakened to find cum in their hair or on their cheek. Campus police tried to keep in quiet, but the student newspaper caught wind and pretty soon everyone knew about "the Magoubator".
"I don't know how you can study in there," Mila had sighed as I packed up to go one day, "Most girls are going somewhere else these days. Can't you at least stay out in the open?"
But I couldn't, that was the whole problem. If I tried to study in a public spot, at best I'd just be sitting there with a soaking wet pussy thinking about undressing. At worst, I'd actually do it! And really, I was pretty safe. My own little part of my own little floor was hardly ever visited, and nobody ever found my desk. Even if I fell asleep, I was pretty sure the Magoubator wouldn't find me. At least, I had been.
At first it had been subtle. As I was tracing the arcane path to reach my study desk, I'd hear a faint sound of footsteps or just feel like someone was watching me. If I checked, I never spotted anyone who seemed out of place, but I kept noticing something. Then, one evening at my desk, I heard someone walking around my part of the Mag. That was unusual, and I stopped and listened while they paced around the floor and then left. I never heard them take anything off of a shelf, but that didn't necessarily mean anything. The Dewey decimal system would need to add irrational numbers to work in the Mag, so it wasn't all that odd that someone might just not find what they came looking for.
I mentioned it to Mila the next day and she immediately pulled a copy of the newspaper out of her bag and slapped it down on the table. The headline shouted up at me:
MAGOUBATOR STRIKES AGAIN!!
I mean, I never said our journalism program was any good. I looked up at Mila and shook my head, "No way."
"Shit, yes, Lana," she responded, tapping the paper with one painted fingernail. From the date and time of the incident the latest attack had happened while I was still there, studying.
"Lana, for all we know he was in that class you posed for. And even if not, you're like the only girl wandering around the Mag alone! Dude is looking to give you a sperm shower."
I shook my head and told her she was imagining things. But the next time I was studying at my little desk, I heard someone come through the door from the narrow stairs, walk around in my part of the Mag again, and leave. It sounded like the same person maybe- same shoes and stride and whatever- but this time they stayed longer before leaving. I didn't hear them take any books off of shelves, or pause the way you do when you're looking for a book just... walk around. I didn't tell Mila about this time; she'd just worry. And besides, nobody ever found my little desk. But the next morning the word was out: the Magoubator had claimed another victim, at the same time I was in the library.
That wasn't the last time. My mystery visitor didn't appear every time, and it didn't always overlap with a Magoubator attack, but it was often enough that I started taking different routes through the Mag. I knew it better than most so I thought if I was being followed, maybe I could throw them off and convince them I was holing up somewhere else, but it added an extra fifteen or twenty minutes every time I went to study, which was a pain.
I shook my head and fished a protein bar out of the hoodie thrown over the back of my chair. The whole situation was ridiculous. If I kept studying in the Mag, I risked ending up with some guy's cum all over me for real, but if I studied somewhere safer, well... I didn't need to create any more headlines for the campus newspaper, did I? Studying somewhere safer might not end up being any safer.
As I swallowed my last bite I heard it. The door to the narrow stairs opened and shut and someone started walking around my domain again. Same shoes, same stride, so probably the same guy. Honestly, I should have expected it. I might be taking a different way through the Mag, but I ended up in the same place. It didn't take a genius to figure maybe I was up here somewhere.
My heart was beating harder and I froze, listening. Like before, he was walking around the shelves, but this time was different. He didn't sound like he was in so much of a hurry this time. I still didn't hear him pulling anything off of the shelves, but he was pausing every so often and just standing still. As he paused just on the other side of the shelves from where I was sitting, insight dawned: he was listening for me. I carefully clamped one hand over my mouth and nose, trying to muffle the sound of my breathing. My heart was pounding and I wanted to gulp in air but I forced myself to breathe slowly and shallowly, willing him to move away. Finally he walked away. I could tell when he circled back to the stairs, but this time the door didn't open and his footsteps moved off back into the shelves. That was when I knew for certain that he was going to find me. Maybe not tonight, no, but it was obvious he knew I was here somewhere, or at least that there was somewhere up here that I liked to use, and sooner or later he'd think to check the narrow space that looked like it didn't go anywhere.
I had to do something! I could make a run for it and just not come back, but it pissed me off to be driven out of my study spot by some asshole with a thing for cumming on sleeping women. And at this point it was obvious that he was looking for me in particular. Maybe if I stopped going to the Mag he'd leave me alone, but maybe he'd just find me somewhere else. No, if I couldn't evade him, I was going to have to confront him. Fortunately, an idea bloomed in my mind.
Moving slowly and, I hoped, quietly I opened my bag and pulled out my new cell phone. I'd earned enough money posing naked that I decided to buy one of those fancy new smart phones. It could do all kinds of stuff but in particular it could take video, and it automatically uploaded the video to my account through the campus wifi. The Magoubator wanted to stalk me through the library? Fine, two can play that game. All I needed was a video of his face and I could put a stop to this whole thing.
I waited until he was at the far side of the room before slowly and carefully easing onto my feet. I opened my phone and got the video function ready, took a deep, quiet breath, and slipped out of my niche. Ever so carefully I began to pad after him, angling to come up behind him as he made his next turn. My leather sandals made only the barest whispers as I passed other study desks here and there, with unused chairs pushed neatly out of the way. He stopped all of a sudden and I froze, mid-step. Had he heard me? A long moment passed and he resumed his careful search. After a pause to slowly exhale, I resumed my careful stalk.
I came around a corner and, as expected, saw his back about ten feet in front of me. I raised my phone and centered him in the frame. He was about average height, with a trim build and neatly trimmed brown hair. He was wearing a t-shirt and brown slacks, like thousands of other college dude-bros. I needed a look at his face. It struck me all of a sudden that what I was doing was incredibly stupid. Even if I had a video of him, I was still alone in the library with a guy that liked to cum on helpless women. If I'd been smart, I would have told my story to campus police days ago and helped them lay a trap. But as soon as he turned the next corner he'd almost certainly realize I was here. I was committed, whether I liked it or not. I tapped the record button and shouted at him.
"Surprise, Motherfucker!"
He started, whirling in place, "Holy shit!"
His eyes were wide with shock. My phone had a perfect view of his face.
"Well well, say hello to the camera Mister Magoubator!" I continued.
"What- where were you? I've been looki-" he began before stopping abruptly.
"You've been LOOKING for me? Is that what you were going to say?" I snarled, "I know you've been looking for me! I've heard you over and over. What's the matter? Can't find some other girl to jizz on? Or do you just really want to cum on me in particular?"
His mouth opened and closed soundlessly, like a fish struggling to breathe, "Cum on- what? What are you talking about?"
"Don't give me that!" I said, "You come up here stalking me and then the same night some girl wakes up in this library with cum on her. I know exactly who you are!"
Even looking at the screen I could tell the color was draining from his face, "You... you think I'm the Magoubator? Oh, shit, no, you've got it all wrong. You don't have any idea who I am."
For the first time I looked at him directly, instead of through my phone, and realized that wasn't quite true.
"The hell I don't! You're the guy with brown hair in the class I posed for! Is that when it happened? When you decided to find a way to jizz on me?"
He held his hands up, palms out and licked his lips, "Look, you've got it all wrong! I'm not the Magoubator!"
"Right, so then what have you been doing, hmmm?"
He shook his head, "This is all fucked up! I... I just... look, you have to believe me, all right? It's not me!"
I locked eyes with him, "Bullshit. I've got your face on camera and campus police are gonna love this."
His eyes flicked to my phone and he took a step forward, "You can't! Look, let me delete that and we can talk."
I took a few steps backward, holding the distance open, and hit the button to stop recording. The little icon started spinning to tell me my video was uploading.
"Not a chance. And don't think you can take it from me! It's already uploaded to my account. You can break the phone and I can still show your face to the cops."
Okay, I mean, that wasn't entirely true since it would probably take ten or fifteen minutes to upload the whole thing. I was just counting on him being too panicked to figure it out.
"Oh, shit," he moaned, leaning against a study desk and rubbing his face in his hands.
I slipped my phone into my pocket and realized I was smiling, "Oh, what's wrong? You can dish it out, but you can't face the consequences?"
He just moaned in response.
I was feeling pretty good about myself by now. I'd snuck up on him, gotten him on video, and every moment that he sat there whining to himself was a moment closer to a complete upload. Most important, I hadn't let some fucker drive me out of my spot. A new idea sprang to mind and I had to fight back a grin. Oh, this was going to be good.
"Well then, Mr. Magoubator, let's have a look then."
He uncovered his eyes and looked at me, "What?"
"Well, you like finding girls alone in the Mag, and getting your dick out, right? Well, I'm alone. I'm a girl. Let's have a look at that dick of yours."
He shook his head, "No, no way. I'm not the Magoubator! I don't do that!"
"Uh huh," I replied skeptically, "sure you aren't. But I think when I show my video to campus police they'll think differently."
He didn't speak for a few moments and then stood up, "So, how about, I get my cock out and you don't show the cops anything."
This time I did grin, "Oh, honey, you're in no position to negotiate. But get your cock out and I'll think about it."
I'd only ever seen one cock in person before, and that was when Paul Hopkins had me cornered, naked, in the art storage room. I'd stroked him so he'd think I was all hot to suck him off and then left him trapped and naked. At the time, I was so focused on getting out of there, I barely noticed what it looked or felt like. This wasn't how I expected to see my second penis but, hey, a girl's gotta seize the chances she's given.
He closed his eyes and sighed and then unbuttoned his pants. He unzipped his fly and pushed his slacks down around his thighs, followed by his boxers. He lifted the front of his shirt just a bit so I could see. I was standing in the library with a guy who had his cock out!
I looked at his member intently. He wasn't hard, so it kind of flopped down out of his pubic hair. It looked spongy and a little weird, but kind of cute at the same time. The head was a light red color and looked firmer than the rest.
"That's a good start, Mr. Magoubator, but let's have the rest."
"The rest?" he asked.
"Well, you're all floppy! And I mean, you like jerking off in libraries, don't you?" I answered.
"You can't be serious," he said flatly.
"I am," I said sternly, "I told you to show me your cock, so get yourself hard and show me your cock."
I kept my eyes locked on his until he swallowed and looked away, "Fine."
He tucked the front of his t-shirt under his left arm and grabbed his cock with his right. Slowly, he began sliding his hand up and down. I watched closely as the head disappeared into his clenched fist before emerging again, like a magic trick. At first he looked away but then his eyes came back to me and I realized he was staring at my chest. I wasn't wearing a bra, just a thin shirt, and it was a bit cold in the stacks so my nipples were hard. There was no way that he couldn't see them. I felt hints of wetness from my pussy.
His pumping sped up and he was breathing harder, but his cock stayed limp. Maybe a bit harder than before, but nowhere near as hard as Paul's had been.
"What's the matter?" I asked, "Only get hard for unconscious girls?"
He shook his head but kept pumping, "It's not like that."
I watched him beat his meat and after another flaccid minute I sighed, "What a shame. I was hoping you could get hard for me. Or, you know, at all."
"Fuck you," he grated out, "If you want to see it so bad, why don't you show me your tits and help me along?"
I blinked in surprise and felt a surge of warmth from my pussy. My fingers drifted to the hem of my shirt. I knew I should refuse; why should I show off my tits to some pervert? But he'd already seen them and I'd been aching to show them to someone for weeks.
"Didn't get enough of them before?" I asked, and lifted the front of my shirt up. His eyes widened and I felt the rush of cool air all over my perky B-cup breasts.
He grunted wordlessly and kept his eyes locked on my tits. After a moment I kept lifting and pulled my shirt over my head, flipped it right way out, and tossed it onto a shelf. I put my hands on my hips, stood up straight, and pulled my shoulders back. I wanted him to see my breasts in all their glory. He moaned and flicked his eyes to mine for a moment before looking back at my tits. My cheeks were heating slightly and my pussy was damp. Then I noticed that his cock was getting hard. It wasn't as thick as Paul's, but it was longer and had a slight bend upwards near the end. After a few moments the skin was taut and his hand pumped quickly along its length. I smiled then, exulting in a feeling of power. My tits had made him hard!
"I couldn't tell you before in class," he grunted, breathing hard, "But you have a great rack."
I looked down at my tits for a moment and then up at him, "Yeah? I don't think anyone's ever told me that before."
He snorted, "Maybe you need to show them off more."
'Well, that's the dream,' I thought to myself.
I dropped my hands to my sides and took a couple of steps toward him. He looked up at me again, but kept stroking himself.
"Now then," I said, "I'm giving you a good look at me, so now I'm going to take a closer look at you."
I pulled the chair out from the study desk and put it in front of him before sitting down. His cock was at about the level of my collarbone and I could see every vein as his hand slid up and down. I kept my back straight and my tits out as I tipped my head one way and then the other, examining it.
"Stop," I said suddenly.
"What?" he gasped, his hand faltering.
"I said stop," I replied firmly and has fingers unwrapped, leaving his penis jutting straight out at me and bobbing up and down lightly every second or two.
I looked up at him, noting his wide deep brown eyes, and then looked back down, "Let's just see what we have here."
I reached out with my right hand and closed it around his cock. He inhaled sharply and his cock jumped as I touched him. I'd done that!
I slid my hand gently up and down his penis, trailing loosely over every vein, around the head, and then back to the base. I let my fingers trail through his pubic hair and then gripped him tightly. He didn't look spongy any more, and he wasn't. His skin was tight and he was rock hard. I could feel the heat radiating into my fingers.
I'd watched him long enough that I knew what to do. My hand began to pump up and down on his cock.
"Oh, shit," he moaned softly, his hips thrusting slightly toward me.
I chuckled and kept jerking him, watching as his beautiful cock got even redder. A little drop of wetness had appeared at the tip and I wondered what it tasted like, but I just kept pumping him. There was a tingle from my breast and I realized suddenly that my other hand was rubbing at my nipple.
"That is so good," he breathed, watching me.
Looking up at him I batted my eyes, "Yeah? You like your cock in my hand? Never had a topless handjob in a library before, have you?"
He shook his head no and panted softly. I was noticing he had really pretty eyes when I felt something warm close around my right breast. I looked down to find his hand cupping me, gently kneeding my tit.
Before I could say anything he gasped, "Oh, shit!" and his muscles clenched. I felt something warm splatter on my cheek. I looked back at his cock, still pumping my hand, and saw the next pulse of semen erupt across my chin. I felt a drop of something on my lips and- without stopping to think- licked it off with my tongue. As the salty sweet taste hit me it registered that I'd just tasted my first cum! I tipped my head back and lowered my hand from my breast, slapping his hand away from the other while I kept jerking him off. He erupted again, and again, grunting as he covered my breasts with his jizz.
Finally, his cock softened and I slowed my hand, squeezing a bit more tightly and listening to his drawn out grunt with each slow stroke. Finally, I let his penis drop from my fingers, sat back, and looked up.
He was staring down at me, his face a study in relief and shock. I could only imagine how I looked sitting there topless in the stacks with his cum all over me.
Feeling impish I gave him a scolding look, "See? I told you that you were the Magoubator. You've made quite a mess of me! What will the police say, I wonder?"
He blinked and looked at my face and tits, cum everywhere, and made a choking sound.
"Oh, fuck! No way! No fucking way they find me like this!"
He yanked his pants up, sealing them with frantic haste, and bolted down the stacks. He took the corner at a run and moments later I heard the door to the stairs open and then close. I was alone again, half naked and messy, but alone.
"Well, Lana, that certainly didn't go as planned," I muttered, standing.
I retrieved my shirt from the shelf and, not having anything else, used it to wipe off my face and my chest. I smelled faintly and needed a wash, but it shouldn't be obvious what I'd been up to. I went back to my niche, tits jiggling freely, and was frankly sad to put on my hoodie for the trip home. Ah, well. It'd been nice while it lasted. On my way out I considered going up to the security officer at the entrance, but decided not to. I could do it later and, besides, I didn't want to explain why I wasn't wearing anything under my hoodie. Instead I just walked back to my room, took a long hot shower, and went to bed.
The next morning I found Mila in the cafeteria reading the paper. As I sat, I started talking, "You will NEVER believe what-"
Before I could finish she looked up sharply and interrupted, "They got him!"
"What?" I asked, surprised, and she tapped her paper.
"They got him! The Magoubator! They grabbed him last night!"
On the front page of the paper was a photo of someone being led out of the Mag over the headline, "MAGOUBATOR CAPTURED!!"
"Who? Him?" I asked. Whoever it was, it wasn't the brown haired boy from last night.
Mila nodded, "Yep. Some freshman from engineering. A girl woke up while he was at it and she screamed bloody murder. He tried to run but she chased him down, screaming the whole time. The Po-Po grabbed him in the lobby!"
As I read the article, losing track of what Mila was saying, the realization hit me. If that was the Magoubator, then last night I had...
"Oh my god," I moaned.
"I know, right?" Mila snorted, "But finally! I can stop worrying every time you go to the Mag that you're going to end up with a face full of jizz."
"Yeah, that would suck," I murmured softly.
The next day I went back to my spot in the Mag. As usual, nobody was around and my niche was empty. But, on a whim, I walked around to the site of my encounter with the not-Magoubator. On the desk, I found a package wrapped in brown paper with a note taped to it. The note was addressed to, "You know who you are."
I opened the note and read what was inside.
"Dear You Know Who,
By now, you know that, as I told you, I am not the Magoubator. I was not looking for you so that I could cum on you (although that ended up happening anyway, and thank you). But the truth is that I WAS looking for you. We're supposed to be professional, but I just couldn't stop thinking about you after that class. I saw you around campus, and was trying to work up the nerve to talk to you, but then you just disappeared. I figured out that some days you went into the Mag, and I tried following so we could have a private conversation, but somehow once we got up here you always just disappeared into thin air. For all I know you're here now, as I write this out. So yeah, I was looking for you, but only so that I could ask if you'd like to go on a date with me.
I don't know how I'm supposed to feel about a woman who does what you did the other night. But if that was our first date, I'm really curious to see what happens on the second. So if you want to, call me at the number below. And enjoy the gift!
Best,
Chris"
My face was burning by the time I finished reading and I looked away for a moment before reading it over again. I didn't know how to feel about me either, but that was... not what I thought it was at the time.
With a sigh, I put the note down and turned to the package. It was flat, and longer than it was wide. I carefully opened the paper at one end and slid the item out into the light, catching my breath as I got my first good look at it. It was a canvas with an oil painting of a nude woman. She was lean, with firm legs, perky boobs, and reddish hair. She was looking towards the viewer and her expression was... confident. In control. Hard as it might be to believe, I was looking at myself. This was the painting that he'd made when I posed for his class. I don't know if that's how I'd looked, but this was apparently how he saw me, and that was somehow much more important.
The paper crinkled a little as I carefully wrapped my gift back up and gently resealed it. I brought it, and the note, back to my desk and opened my bag to look for my cell phone.
I had a call to make.