I had met Mike a few months earlier at a party (perhaps more in another story later). Mike was about three years older than me, about 24 at this time. He and two friends were heading to a country concert at a big amphitheater venue a few hours from where we lived. He asked me if I wanted to join them and I happily accepted. I was excited to see the acts and spend more time with Mike.
His buddies were coming from elsewhere so we decided to just meet there. I hadn't met these friends yet so I was a little nervous going in as he really talked them up. Mike loved my boobs so I figured I would wear something to show them off, and maybe get his friends to like me too. As it was summer and actually during a heat wave, I decided to wear a low-cut white tank top and a short jean skirt. Mike tried to get me to go without a bra but that isn't easy to pull off with my "blessings" as he likes to call them.
We headed out after packing a few beverages and Mike mixed me a drink for in the car, since he would be driving. He just asked that I repay him during the drive, wink wink. It was a beautiful sunny day and we were just excited to be doing something fun for once. Work and college were getting in the way too often lately.
From the first sip I knew he mixed a strong drink and while I can usually hold my alcohol pretty well, I knew I would need to pace myself. He smiled as I nearly choked on the first swallow. We were jamming out in the car with the windows rolled down cruising past semis and other vehicles left and right on the interstate. He asked if I was ready to start paying up for his bartending "skills". I was feeling good having put down about 3/4 of the drink and overall in a great mood. I shyly asked him what he had in mind. He smiled as he asked me to remove my bra once again. I started to argue but he stopped me saying we had a deal. I argued that point too as we didn't really have a deal but I really didn't mind teasing him if that's what he was looking for. Making sure there weren't any cars next to us, I just pulled down my tank top and removed my bra. I shook my boobs a little as I grinned at him, then jokingly told him to keep his eyes on the road as I pulled my tank top back up.
I suppose I should give a little more info about me before this gets too far along. My name is Amy. I was 21 at the time and my chest always got a lot of attention, and plenty of trouble. They were 36dd at the time and sat pretty high and firm, at least as high and firm as 36dd's can (those are mine in my profile). I'm 5'6" tall and weigh about 130 pounds. I'm not super skinny but most girls with curves aren't. As I mentioned earlier, Mike was more of a boob man than an ass man, but some of my earlier flings complimented me on my ass as well so it must be alright. However, pretty much all the men I have been with previously went straight for my boobs. Even a few of my girlfriends made a habit of groping them. It seemed like whenever hooking up with a guy they never went without a hand, mouth, or cock on or between them. I've received more than my fair share of pearl necklaces in my life. Anyway, back to the story.
Mike told me to keep drinking up as he pulled another little bottle of JD from the bag behind us and poured it into my drink. I added some coke as he chuckled. Shortly after he reached over and started groping my boobs and my nipples got instantly hard, although they were nearly there without a bra on already. After a few more miles he grabbed the nearest strap on my tank top and started to work it down my arm. I asked him what he was doing and he said, "Just making the view better." I laughed as he seemed to be infatuated with my boobs. He was able to work the one closest to him out of my top and he politely asked me to get the other one out. Smiling, I told him he would owe me something later. I worked the tank top down to my waist with both boobs standing tall and proud and him grinning like the cat that ate the canary. We were nearing the concert venue so I didn't think this would be the worst experience and I did secretly enjoy showing them off.
He had been checking his phone during the drive and getting updates from his friends on how close they were getting to the venue as well. He mentioned we should be getting there around the same time as we started to pass a semi. I went to pull my tank top up when he reached over and stopped me. I looked over at him in surprise and back over to the semi as just as we were passing the cab. The driver was wearing sunglasses so I couldn't tell if he was looking down at me or not, but when I heard the horn blow I figured he must have enjoyed the view. Mike laughed as I blushed and punched him in the arm. We heard a few more truck horns along the way and he even slowed down next to a few of them. I was so embarrassed as many of them were older men who looked like they hadn't bathed in a few days.
Finally, our exit was only 5 miles ahead and I asked Mike when I could pull my tank top back up. He smiled and said I could after I flash the next car we pass. I started to argue but knew I wasn't going to win the argument and I was starting to enjoy showing off. As we pulled up to the next car, Mike slowed a little so we wouldn't pass them so quickly and he asked me to face them as we passed. There were two guys, roughly our age, in the car and they both stared open mouthed as we pulled even with them. They sped up when Mike did so we weren't able to pass them and they continued to stay next to us.
I sat back in my seat just as Mike's phone rang. I could see it was his friend Jason, one of the guys we were meeting at the concert. Mike put the call on speaker and I nearly died when I heard his friend Jason say, "Holy shit Mike, your girlfriend's tits are amazing! You weren't kidding!". I could hear laughter in the background as I turned to look at the car still driving right next to us. Both of the guys waved as I pulled my tank top back up and turned bright red. I started hitting Mike out of embarrassment as he tried to poorly lie and tell me he didn't realize it was his friend Eric's car we were passing. I didn't believe him for a second. He was always encouraging me to wear revealing clothing and he often left his door open when I was staying at his place and his roommates were around, even if I was still laying naked in bed in the morning.
So that was how I first met his friends Jason and Eric. I was still red from embarrassment when we finally got parked. They ended up a few cars away from us and they came over to Mike's car quickly. They were laughing as they approached and wouldn't stop with compliments for the first several minutes. I hit Mike on the arm one more time and told him to make me another drink. The parking lot was in a big field and there were people everywhere drinking and having a good time.
Jason was over 6' tall and had a strong build to him. Eric was a little shorter and thinner. Both had blondish hair and I'm sure did fine with the ladies. Mike had told me a few stories about them previously.
Despite the earlier incident, we all got along great pretty much right off the bat as Jason and Eric told me about some of the times Mike had pulled off some similar pranks on his ex-girlfriends. They gave him some shit but continued to congratulate him on somehow reeling me in while also continuing to compliment me, or I probably should say, my boobs. They couldn't keep from looking at them and about that time I remembered that I hadn't put my bra back on after the incident. The mixture of alcohol and embarrassment must have kept me from remembering. I started to look in the car for my bra but I couldn't find it. Mike just laughed as I asked him where he put it. He pointed to the drunk and shrugged his shoulders saying, "They've already seen them babe...without the tank top even. It really doesn't matter anymore." I couldn't argue with that but there were plenty of other guys walking by who were enjoying the view.
The guys started drinking the beer that we brought along while I downed another Jack and coke, or two. We were having a good time talking about the concert, getting to know each other, and them telling me about some of the stupid things Mike did in high school and college. Jason kept challenging me to try and keep up with him as he downed another beer. He was slurring his words a bit so I didn't think he would be able to drink much more. I downed my drink as well and Mike started to mix me another.
I was holding out as long as I could as the only bathrooms they had were porto-potties. As I stood up out of my chair, I could immediately feel the alcohol had kicked in. I wasn't necessarily drunk yet, but definitely buzzing and feeling good. As I made my way to the porto-potties, I received quite a few offers from guys for beverages.
"Beer or booze for boobs," a few called.
I just smiled as I walked by, flattered by the attention I was receiving. I received a few more of the offers on the way back including a few whistles. I was feeling great when I got back by Mike and his friends. Mike asked me why I was smiling so big and I told him about the offers I had received.
"That's great," he said as he glared at his friends. "These idiots forgot to bring alcohol and we're down to our last beers."
I just stared at him in disbelief, not sure if he meant what I thought he did. The only place to buy any alcohol was inside the venue and nobody wanted to head inside yet. I took a big drink of the new one Mike had made for me as he and his friends just eyed me. I told them I had enough alcohol to last for me so too bad for them. Jason and Eric started begging with me to please get them a few more beers. "Please, please, please," they both said.
Jason added, "Your tits are amazing! I'm sure you'll get a case for us just by showing them once." I was a little annoyed the way he talked about them and how he wanted to use them for getting themselves more beer, but it also was a little flattering. The alcohol also wasn't helping me think very clearly.
Jason challenged me to see who could finish their drink first. I only had about 1/4 left while he had just opened their last beer. Smiling I said, "You're on." Mike hesitated like he wanted to say something, but then just said, "Go!"
I'm not sure how he did it, but when I lowered my finished drink, Jason was smiling at me with his can already crushed.
"You lose, lightweight," he said. "Now let's go get us some more beer."
He led the way as me and Eric followed. Mike caught up with us shortly and handed me a new drink. I was flushed and embarrassed, but also a little excited as we approached a group of guys drinking heavily. I recognized them from earlier as a group that had made me an offer. One of the guys who saw us approaching ignored the guys and asked if I was considering their offer. I flushed a little more red as Jason spoke up.
"She's willing to show them but we need at least a case because they are spectacular!" he emphasized.
The guy was clearly pretty drunk as he responded that he didn't think fake boobs were worth a case.
"They are definitely not fake," said Mike. I was shocked to hear him say that and play along with this game.
"Well," said the guy, "I probably should be able to find that out for myself if it's going to cost me a case."
He approached me as I just stood there in shock. He reached up and started groping me through my tank top, my nipples hardened even more. "Very nice," he said, as he reached up to the straps. He pulled them both down my arms as the rest of his friends gathered around. As the straps reached my elbows, the tank top was just barely hanging on and covering my nipples. With one last pull on the straps, my boobs sprang out and a loud cheer went up from the guys. I covered my face as I felt the stranger start to grope my boobs in front of everyone, including Mike. I looked over at him and he was just smiling and staring at the stranger squeezing my boobs. I looked the other way to see Jason and Eric doing the same thing. As I looked back at the stranger, I saw a few of his friends reach out for a feel as well. Suddenly there were about four pairs of hands squeezing and groping me.
Finally Jason stepped forward and said, "Alright guys. That's enough. Now where is that case of beer?"
There were a few last second gropes before Jason reached out and grabbed them himself, "to get their filthy hands off your amazing tits" he would later say.
One of the guys approached from the back with six cans of cheap beer. "This is all we have left," he said. The strangers laughed as they walked back to their party and vehicle.
"Well, that's better than nothing," said Jason, and he dropped his hands from my boobs and continued walking to the next group of guys. I stood there for a few seconds stunned before Mike made a motion for me to pull up my top. I felt a little dirty and used but couldn't deny that this was turning me on in some twisted sort of way.
A few of the guys in the next group we approached had witnessed what happened with the previous strangers so they wanted the same deal. Jason made sure to see that they had a full case to offer before giving them the go ahead. I just stood there not sure what to say or do as three strangers approached me. The talker of the group asked Jason how they knew me as he started to lower the straps on my tank top. Jason laughed and said she is Mike's girlfriend as he nodded toward Mike. Mike just smiled and nodded to them as the top lowered to my waist.
"These are impressive!" said the talker as he took them in his hands. "Your girlfriend has great tits!" he said in the direction of Mike. Then he lowered his hands and leaned in to lick one of my nipples. One of his friends was quick to do the same to the other nipple as the last guy just groped what he could around his friend's mouths. I was definitely getting turned on by being offered, complimented, groped, and more in this very public setting. After about ten seconds, although it seemed like ten minutes, of them groping and sucking on my boobs, Jason stepped in again and pushed them off while grabbing my boobs himself. Mike grabbed the beer and I pulled up my tank top as we headed back to the vehicle while Jason and Eric went to the porto-potties. As Mike and I walked back toward his car, I asked him how he felt about all these guys seeing my boobs and touching them, even sucking on them. He grabbed my hand and rubbed it on the bulge in his shorts. I was shocked but even more turned on as I felt how hard he was. He just smiled at me as I looked wide-eyed at him.
When we got back to the car, he took one of the chairs and moved it between his car and the vehicle next to him. He told me to sit down as he stood in front of me. He reached down and pulled down my top again as he started to grope my boobs. He released them as he reached for the button and fly of this shorts, unzipping them and pulling them down a little. His cock sprang out directly in my face, harder than I had ever seen it. He reached down with one hand to grope my boobs again while placing his other hand behind my head. He loves blow jobs and I knew what he wanted in that moment. I couldn't deny that I was extremely turned on as well and I opened my mouth to take his cock deep. He is about six inches and not very thick so I can deep throat him after working on it for awhile. He was moaning as he groped my boobs and I stroked him as I sucked and fondled his balls.
We were in our own world for a few minutes before I noticed a pair of feet appear behind Mike. I looked up and saw Jason smiling down at me over Mike's shoulder and he had something in his hand. I didn't stop what I was doing due to how turned on I was and, I'm sure, the affect of the alcohol. As my eyes came into focus on what Jason had in his hand, I realized it was a cell phone. He was apparently taking pictures or video. I still didn't really comprehend what was happening and didn't think more of it as I turned my attention back to Mike's cock.
After a few more minutes of sucking Mike's cock, I could tell he was getting close. As I looked up at Mike, I realized that Jason and Eric were standing on either side of him, Jason still holding his phone while Eric was holding something else. I turned to look at Eric while Mike's cock was still in my mouth and I nearly choked when I saw he had his cock out less than two feet away and was stroking it. I looked up at Mike with wide eyes and he just smiled down at me. Suddenly, he took my left hand off his balls and moved it toward Eric's cock. Eric stepped closer and I felt his cock rub against my hand. I didn't know what to with Mike's cock in my mouth and Eric's cock rubbing against my hand.
Then I heard Mike say, "Just stroke it for him, babe. Look how hard he is."
I looked back over at Eric's cock and I almost couldn't believe my eyes as I saw a hand try to wrap around his thick cock. That's when I realized it was my hand and my fingers weren't even close to touching around his thick shaft. He groaned as he thrust in and out of my hand, doing most of the work. From his moaning I could tell that he was pretty close already.
I was in disbelief with Mike's cock still in my mouth and Eric's thick cock in my hand, not sure how it had got to this point. I wasn't really sucking Mike at this point with everything going on so he was just thrusting deep in my mouth. I could hear him moan that he was close and I started to prepare for his cum.
Suddenly, Jason spoke, "We don't want you cumming too fast, do we Mike?" I felt a hand on my head pull me off Mike's cock and over to my right. Directly in my face was a new cock that was extremely hard, red, and long. I felt the hand pull my head toward it and I instinctively opened my mouth to allow it in. I looked up to see Jason smiling at me and still with his phone in his other hand.
"You're amazing, Amy!" he said, as I heard Mike and Eric both moan. My hand was still wrapped around Eric's cock and I looked back at Mike in shock with Jason's cock thrusting deep into my mouth. Mike had replaced my mouth with his own hand around his cock and was stroking furiously. I heard Mike groan and felt a warm substance on my neck and chest. I felt a pair of hands grab my head and pull me back to my left and off of Jason's long cock. My head was pulled toward Eric's thick cock that my left hand was still stroking. As the thick cock neared my head, a burst of cum exploded from the head and hit me right in the nose. Before the next blast erupted, the thick cock thrust into my mouth and it was starting to fill with thick ropes of cum. I swallowed as fast as I could not knowing how much more there could be.
Suddenly my head was pulled back again and I felt cum hit my face and neck as I was directed back to my right. The long, red cock was thrust back into my mouth a few times before it was withdrawn and I stared at it as the first blast flew out, hitting me in the forehead. I closed my eyes as the hands just held my head in place and I felt cum shooting all over my face and running off my chin. After about a minute the hands released my head and I could hear lots of heavy breathing. I brought my hands up to my eyes to clear away the sperm. When I opened my eyes, Mike was holding Jason's phone and all three guys were beside themselves, saying how amazing I was and thanking me over and over. I could feel the cum all over my face and running down my neck and chest. I looked down to see an incredible amount of cum all over my boobs and running onto my white tank top.
The guys found a towel for me to clean off with and as I finished Mike handed me another drink. "You know," I said, "what I could use much more than another drink is some satisfaction. A lady needs attention too and I'm soaked..."
We never even made it in to see the concert.