The couple was up early, because of the noise the SCAG mower next door made as the young man cut the lawn. Hal looked out the window to the next door neighbor's yard; the same young man was on the machine, as a week and a half ago. It was about a half hour later the doorbell rang. Martha knew it was the young man at the door to inquire if they wanted their lawn cut.
Martha was cooking breakfast with only an apron on. She answered the door saying, "Hi, are you here to cut the lawn?"
With his eyes bugging out and a goofy smile on his face, "Yes". Said the young man without blinking his eyes.
"In that case I guess I will pay you now, so you won't have to come back in to get paid after you're finished." She said as she removed her apron, so he could get an unobstructed view of the mature woman's body.
He didn't turn away for about five minutes looking Martha up and down; the young man was giggling while he was looking at the mature woman's body. Martha was at her front door nude the entire time, to her disappointment no one drove by to witness her exposure.
"Thanks, you made my week." The young man said as he turned to mount his mower to start the job, as he tried to adjust his ridged manhood in his pants.
It has been a week and a half Hal has worked at the complex, he enjoyed the job and likes his wife's exposure. Before they knew it the couple had to get ready for work.
The couple picked up Mark on the way. Martha stripped nude and gave her top, skirt and panties, to Mark in the back seat, Martha kept her bra in the front seat after she removed it. She spread for the 2 men and brought herself off one time while they drove to the complex. Martha dressed and exited the car as her husband parked the car.
Hal, Mark and Martha punched in at the time clock. Walter called them into his office when he saw them as they walked down the hall. Martha dressed in a bra, blouse and skirt today with panties and thigh highs, per Hal's request.
When they entered Walter's office he asked Hal, "Can I inspect Martha?" He has been too busy over the last week and hasn't had a chance.
Hal gave his approval and Martha reluctantly walked to his side of the desk, as Walter moved back from the desk to give her room. She faced the desk and pulled up her skirt and removed her panties, to expose her lovely backside for Walt's intimate inspection. Hal reveled in his shy modest wife's exposure to their boss, as Mark watched her exhibit her backside to the manager of the complex.
While Walt was manually inspecting Martha, Walter said, "Put everything on hold for the next month until we could get the questionnaire reviewed by the company lawyer."
Walter proceeded to rub Martha's pussy checked to see if she was wet. He inserted his fingers in her womanhood to find her dripping with her excitement. As he pumped his fingers in her Walter watched Martha's husband and Mark. He noticed both watched his manipulation of the woman's pussy intently, unconsciously they rubbed their manhood through their pants. By this time Martha panted and moaned she asked to cum, Walter stopped when he heard her comment.
Walter said, "Think we better get to work, we have a lot to accomplish tonight." As he removed his fingers from the panting woman and sniffed they. "Hal your a lucky man your wife smells wonderful." said Walter
Martha, frustrated adjusted her dress and stepped into her panties. She gave Walter an angry look as she left for her office, embarrassed by his last comment. The others went about their business also.
Hal assembled his work shop while he oversaw the outside contractors, who did the repairs on the complex, precipitated by work orders. Hal in his spare time, as he was mechanical inclined, built a table he had fantasied about for a number of years, to aid in his wife's exposure. He affixed padding to the table for his wife's comfort, made it adjustable, with foot rests to aid in the exposure of her flower of life. Hal had the basic table brought to the workshop from the room they had set up for Martha's exposure, over the next month fabricating hydraulics for table where the foot rests were hydraulically controlled to bend and spread a woman's legs using a control box Hal built which activated the hydraulic. He mounted straps on the table at the ankles of each foot support and a strap around the body just above the waist. Hal then made the table rise up, so the woman could be in the upright position.
Martha was wearing her new dresses, skirts and tops she bought for work, occasionally she wouldn't wear any panties when her husband requested her to go commando. Everyone was busy over the next month this included Martha. She did her usually job and revised the questionnaire, per notes from the company lawyer. There was no time for the exposures she became so fond of, except on the way home from work. She would strip nude and let her husband play with her on the trip to and from home. Mark and Walter were also busy, they assembled the employee hand book to explain to the employees what was expected of them and what would be considered exemplary work, if they wanted to participate in the program set forth by the organization.
The table was ready for testing Hal had the padded table brought to the room set up for Martha's exposure from the shop.
Hal called Walter saying, "The room and table are ready."
Walter called Mark and asked, "Do you want to be present at the unveiling of the room and padded table."
Mark enthusiastically said, "Yes!"
Walter asked Hal, "Are you OK having Martha test the table."
Hal said, "Yes, I fantasied about building this table for years. I would love to have both of you present for the demonstration."
Martha was feeling overworked and unloved over the last month.
Walter called Martha asking, "Are you willing to try out the new room and table?"
She could not answer fast enough, "Yes, I would love to." Not knowing she will have a larger audience than she expected.
Mark called Walter asking. "Can Fred, Tom and Jack be present at the unveiling of the room also?"
They were invited with Hal's blessing unbeknown to Martha.
It was decided the room was going to be called the 'Media Room'. It will be tested after their shift was over, for the next 4 hours the time dragged by for the entire group. The clock finally struck 11:30 and the group hurried to the Media Room. The men were there first excitedly waiting for the demonstration to begin. Martha having to take care of her personal hygiene was the last there, as she had to go to the ladies room to freshen up. She leaked profusely from her flower of life because of exhibition in front of Walter and her excitement of her coming exposure; she removed her panties without any hesitation whatsoever. She was feeling a little humiliated having to remove her clothes in front of the group for the first time in over a month.
When Martha went into the Media Room she was surprised to see not only Hal and Walter, but the other four men she was exposed to before also. Her excitement was building along with her embarrassment; she started to remove her clothes, while all the men could not keep their eyes off this mature woman disrobing. Martha uncovering her beautiful body in front of them, removing the dress and Mark taking it, she was now just in her bra, thigh highs and heals. Walter told her to leave the thigh highs on, but remove the bra. Complying with the request pulling her arms through the shoulder straps and spun the bra around as only a woman can do and then bringing the hooks on the bra to the front to remove the last garment, leaving the mature woman completely nude in front of the group, as the thigh highs didn't hide anything, just highlight her legs and her pussy.
With her garments removed she was helped into place on the table and they all helped strap her down. Mark and Hal strapped her feet at her ankles and Walter put a strap around her waist. Martha was intimidated when she realized she will not be able to move and be at the mercy of the men in the room during the demonstration.
The table started to move when hydraulic pressure was applied to the foot rests, they pushed her legs apart and up exposing her to all the men present. The group could see her pussy was very wet and opened, from her previous exposure. Hal pressed another button after he brought her legs about 2 feet apart and had her legs maneuvered into the position they were in when the demonstration started. The table stood her up. Satisfied the table worked hydraulically they released Martha and then proceeded to close up for the night. By the time the demonstration of the table was completed the people who worked there had left the building. Martha walked nude through the facility to the time clock and all three punched out. Mark had collected Martha's clothes and carried them for her instead of her husband.
Martha and Hal walked hand in hand as Mark accompanied the couple to the company car, Mark opened the door for Martha, who walked out of the building stark naked. He then sat in the center of the back seat to gain a visual advantage of the mature woman. Martha entered the car. Mark handed her the pillow for her back as she sat down and spread herself for the two men. He neatly stacked her clothes in the back seat with him. They discussed the table and its possibilities as Martha played with her vagina as she talked with the men. It was not missed by the men Martha was in another world as she rubbed her pussy, while she talked with them about her excitement of her nudity in front of the group of men. The look in her eyes told them she was close to an orgasm.
Hal reached over and started to rub Martha's pussy as Mark watched getting more excited. He saw the woman he dreamed about close to orgasm. Hal, rubbed his fingers around his wife's overheated pussy. Hal brought his wife to her first orgasm within 10 minutes of the start of their trip home. Martha enjoyed her exposure to two men she needed another orgasm before long.
Hal asked Martha. "Could Mark help you with your next orgasm? My fingers are cramped up."
"Yes, if he doesn't mind playing with an old ladies pussy." Said Martha.
Mark happily reached between the seats to help Martha start her climb to another orgasm. His fingers were in her vagina presently rubbing her G spot to bring her to her second orgasm. She laid there spread out as vaginal fluid ran between her legs and onto the leather seat the car. It smelled somewhere between a new car and the scent of an extremely excited woman after the completion of her second orgasm.
It was another 15 minutes and they were home; Mark exited the car with Martha's clothes in his hand and opened the door for her. She exited the car nude, and waited in the drive for Hal to come around to her. They remained in the drive for another little while; they talked about the new media room and the table, even though the motion sensor on their front door light bathed Martha in light. She was extremely exposed she was very comfortable and didn't care if someone in the neighborhood saw her.
Hal unlocked the door and went into the house. Martha was sated after two orgasms, but Hal was horny. Martha took her wifely duty seriously, so as soon as the door shut she took Hal into the living room in front of the picture window. She gave Hal a blow job with the lights on in the room, so anyone who happened by at this hour would see her pleasuring her husband. He blew his load in short order he laid back in the chair he was in. Martha sucked him hard again so he could fuck her. She leaned against the end table by the window and her husband giving no thought to their exposure got up from the chair, he fucked her hard and fast to an orgasm, although she was sore and didn't cum she was happy to please her husband. They walked up the stairs to bed arm in arm the couple fell asleep in each other arms not bothering to clean up the act.