Part 12 -- The plan to deal with their problem progresses...
Parts 1 -- 11 available through my profile.
Please feel free to leave feedback, comments, or ideas.
*****
Later that day, the couple were shopping in town (Hayley had brought several new lingerie sets as well as a few dresses, including an incredibly sheer one that she loved but until recently would never have had the guts to wear), and when they stopped for some lunch, Hayley did what Dan asked that morning and text Franco to arrange another shoot.
'Hi Franco, It's Hayley. I know we've gotten off on the wrong foot so far, but I've been thinking about what you said yesterday. In fact, it's all I've been thinking about. I know I was surprised when you joined in and I told you to stop, but I can't stop imagining what it would be like to have multiple guys at the same time. If you promise that Dan won't find out, I'd like to do a shoot with more people. What kind of pay do these sets offer, what is expected, and when could we possibly arrange it for? X'
She read it past Dan first, who nodded agreement, and then hit send, wondering if Franco might be dubious about the seemingly sudden change of attitude towards the type of shoots he wanted. Like with his emails, she didn't have to wait long for a response, as her phone pinged at his reply -- 'Well, I am a little surprised to hear from, but it isn't completely unexpected as I had a good feeling about you from the start. I have a few ideas for some shoots where the pay would vary depending on which you do, so if you want to swing by the studio, we can discuss it.' Hayley read this aloud to Dan, who said to arrange the meeting for as soon as possible, and she replied back that she was off work today and could be there in half an hour, which he agreed to. Before leaving, Dan mentioned that if he asks for an impromptu set, she should go for it, and gave her a deep kiss as she left to go to the studio.
She got there to find Franco on his own, re-arranging one of the sets that he had done a shoot on that morning before Hayley arrived. When she called out to him, he walked over and directed her into the office, sitting behind his desk as she sat facing him like before, except this was the first time she wasn't sitting there naked.
"Well, I do have to say I was surprised to receive that text from you today. Do you want to explain that?" He started, clearly intrigued as to what has changed in Hayley since last night.
"Well, at first, I thought this was just a modelling job, but then when you had that huge guy Ash have sex with me, I wasn't prepared for it and felt really guilty as I had basically cheated on my boyfriend. Then yesterday with Jon I didn't feel like that at all. I've been with my boyfriend for about 7 years, and I love him more than anything, but it's so exciting to be able to do things that I feel like I've missed out without him knowing or judging. Yesterday when you put your dick in my mouth, I wasn't expecting it and honestly, I felt a little violated, but all night last night I couldn't stop thinking what it would be like to be fucked by multiple guys, and I spent the whole night turned on and not able to do anything about it. If I were to say to my boyfriend I feel like I've missed out on stuff and want to have sex with several guys at once, how do you think he would take that? What would you think if your girlfriend or wife, if you have one, said that to you?" Hayley lied to him.
"Fair enough. I have several ideas, depending on what you want to do. One of them is pretty out there, but if you want to do it, it would pay £500. It completely depends on how many guys you want to involve." Franco responded.
"Well, I'm not really sure. What are your ideas? Hayley asked.
"Well, the first one is pretty boring. It's just you and two guys. We could always add another guy in, and these would pay £250-300 depending on what you go for. They would be standard shoots, but I think you are looking for something more than that, and I've got the perfect idea for it. How do you feel about being restrained?" He continued.
"I've not really thought about it. What kind of restraints are you talking about?" Hayley again asked.
"Come with me. We'll do a quick shoot and let you see and try some things out." Franco said, standing up and walking out of the office.
He held the door for Hayley behind him, before leading her towards into the studio and motioning her to sit on the bed as he walked towards a cupboard. When he returned, he was carrying a strange looking contraption that had pads and straps in various positions, which Hayley couldn't work out as she looked at it. He put it on the bed next to her, before looking to see her reaction. Hayley was still trying to understand what it was, and the penny dropped just as Franco started explaining what it was. The device made whoever was using be in a hunched over position, face down, ass up. The pads were in place for comfort on the knees, and there were several straps in place to hold whoever was using in at the ankles and wrists. Hayley was clearly curious, so Franco encouraged her to try it out, offering her his hand as he stood by the device to help her up. As she stood and turned around to get on it, he pulled her hand back slightly.
"Oh, the restraints are really uncomfortable if you've got clothes on as apparently they rub. Just slip your jeans and jumper off and you'll be fine." He 'helpfully' told her.
Despite being unsure about his intentions, Hayley slowly undid her jeans and pushed them down, remembering Dan had encouraged her to do an impromptu shoot if he asked, until she was standing in just her bra and thong as Franco stood poised with a camera. He took a few pictures of Hayley standing next to the device, before guiding her on to it. He didn't tighten any of the straps, instead just guiding her hands through them to show how they feel and work, and taking a few more pictures.
"Ok, I think it's time to lose the underwear, and you'll be able to get the full experience of how it feels. It will be just you and me here this time so if it isn't your thing, you can just say." He said, assisting Hayley's limbs out of the untightened straps.
She stood up and despite not wanting to, she figured it would be a good thing to try it out before agreeing to anything more, unclipped her bra and let it fall to the floor, before pushing the waistband of her thong down to join it. She then moved back to the device and re-straddled it, and even though she didn't really want to admit it, the thought of being strapped down in the device was actually starting to turn her on, since she knew then she would be completely helpless. Franco started taking pictures again, which ranged from her face, to her pert but hanging boobs and hard pointed nipples, before he pointed the camera at one of the wrist straps and snapped the picture. Once he had a picture of the strap undone, he put the camera down and quickly pulled it tight, securing Hayley's right arm , before repeating thee action on her left arm, and picking his camera up to shoot them again, showing her arms were now restrained.
He carried on taking pictures of Hayley from various angles, before she felt the restraint around her right ankle suddenly go tight, and almost immediately, the left was the same, which she knew meant that now, she was secured there. She was now completely at Franco's mercy, and she was highly relieved when she heard his camera beep, indicating he was still taking pictures. She could see him at the side of her, and mentally noted that he other than when he secured the ankle straps, he had not taken any pictures of her from behind, which seemed a bit strange to her. As if on cue, Franco moved around further and continued taking pictures of Hayley's raised and exposed pussy and ass, making sure he got plenty of close ups.
"I have to say, you have a gorgeous pussy Hayley. It's quite possibly the sexiest pussy I've ever shot." Franco said, much to Hayley's amusement.
Before she could respond to him though, she felt his fingers touching her, spreading her pussy lips apart between his fingers as his camera kept beeping.
"Oh that's gorgeous. You're spread open right now, and it is so sexy. I can feel how turned on you are. Is the thought of this doing it for you?" He asked as he kept moving his fingers, repeatedly spreading her pussy lips.
Hayley didn't want to answer, because she knew that if she did, it was highly likely that things were going to go further with Franco than she wanted, especially considering she was strapped down on some strange device that she couldn't get out of, but he had now progressed from simply spreading her lips to rubbing her clit, and that felt really good. Hayley was now in a serious predicament -- On one hand, she was so horny at that point, she needed a release, and being strapped in she knew that Franco could do whatever he liked to her and she was powerless to stop him, but on the other hand, even though she was disgusted by how he had treated her and there was no way she wanted him to have his dick anywhere near her, let alone inside her, she couldn't find the words to tell him to stop.
A few seconds later, any potential chance she had to stop him ever experiencing her tight pussy were taken from her, as whilst she had been lost in her own thoughts as he played with her bean, he had also put the camera down, freed his cock from his shorts, and in one deft move, slid his full length into her. Hayley's instant reaction to the unexpected penetration was to attempt to reach back and push Franco away from her, but this was when it fully dawned on her that she couldn't, and no matter what, she was powerless to stop him. Even if she were able to somehow find the words to say stop, which she wanted to, there was nothing to say he would. Franco quickly began picking up the intensity with his thrusts until he was fully pounding in to her prone body, her gorgeous little ass sticking up in the air thanks to the way the device was made, and he had a palm on each cheek to spread them, giving him a perfect view of her puckered up little asshole as his veiny cock disappeared in to her velvet hole.
As much as Hayley didn't want to admit it, she couldn't help but enjoy what was currently happening, and despite the fact she had a serious dislike for Franco, his cock felt really good as he pummelled into her, and he took things a step further moments later as he put a big dollop of saliva onto his thumb, before slipping it in to her ass as he continued fucking her. This drew a moan from Hayley as he did it, so Franco pushed it in deeper until it could go no further, which drew another gasp. Everything in Hayley wanted to tell him to stop, to take his cock out of her and undo the restraints, but the fucking felt far too good, and the still-looming threat of him posting her pictures everywhere for all of her male friends to see ensured she didn't say a word.
There were several surprising things Hayley noticed about Franco while he was fucking her, the first was that he had a stamina she wouldn't have given him credit for, seemingly able to keep going, but the biggest thing was that he was actually being pretty respectful to her. There she was, kneeling down naked with her ass in the air, strapped at the wrists and ankles, and despite her not wanting to, she was effectively enabling him to do whatever he wished and she was powerless to stop him. Despite this, he had not been rough or forceful in any way, and other than his thumb, he had not gone near her ass at all. Despite his stamina, finally being inside Hayley and the incredible feeling of her horny snatch around his cock finally became too much, and he sailed straight past the point of no return, increasing his pace for one final flourish before letting out a loud groan as he buried his full length to the hilt and started spunking deep inside her.
This was the only thing that he did that Hayley wasn't happy about, since she had repeatedly made the point about this not happening in previous shoots, although there was no way Franco was going to miss the opportunity to do this, almost as if to reiterate that he can do as he wishes. After finishing, he made no attempt to move, instead remaining where he was, having almost flopped forward and ended up laying against Hayley's back, panting heavily in her ear as he began to slowly regain his equilibrium and calm his breathing as he continued reaching underneath her and playing with her small boobs. After staying like this, he decided to move, and reached for his camera, picking it up and starting to snap Hayley's pussy close up from behind as she remained strapped to the device.
"Err, are you going to undo these cuffs so I can go to the toilet and get your fucking cum out of me, which I'm annoyed about because I've repeatedly said don't cum inside me when I've been here!" Hayley said.
"Yes, when I decide to." Franco replied. "It's just that at the moment, I am liking the way you are still tied down and the pictures of your gorgeous, recently shaved and freshly fucked pussy are incredible, so I'm just going to leave you here for a bit." he carried on.
"I want to go to the toilet so I can get this fucking jizz out of me! Hayley said again, her annoyance starting to show through.
"Oh, no, I think that can stay there for a bit. You said earlier that your boyfriend is at work, so there is no rush for you to get cleaned up. The fact that there isn't even the slightest dribble coming out of you is amazing, I love it. When I let you up, I want you to go home with my cum inside you, and you can clean yourself up when you get there, because I think no matter what you will say, I'm pretty certain you loved this, so let me ask you something, would you be up for it again?"
"Up for what?" Hayley snapped, irritated about him making her go home with his cum inside her.
"About using this again," He replied, tapping the device with the restraints, "but next time with more than just me. You said you fancied the idea of several guys, so I'll arrange for you to do two or three single sets with different guys, and then we can sort that for you. Out of curiosity, how many guys would you want at the same time? Like, 2...? 3...? 4?"
"I don't know how many to be honest. I've never actually sat and thought 'I know, I want to be fucked by like, 6 guys at the same time!' I just get really turned on at the thought of more than one guy doing me, but I don't want to do anything really slutty, so have you got any ideas?" She told him.
"Yeah I'm sure I can think of something" He said, before pulling out his phone and looking at the screen, and putting it back in his pocket.
He moved around the bed where Hayley was still strapped to the machine, walked over towards the door, and to her disbelief, opened it to someone Hayley couldn't make out, but could only assume was a friend of his, since he shook hands with the person before telling them to come in. Hayley watched on as they stood fairly close to the door talking about something, before Franco started leading the guy towards where she was still strapped down. As they got closer, Hayley was able to get a decent look at the guy as he looked back at her, whilst Franco continued guiding the strange guy behind her. The guy she was looking at was actually extremely good looking, and his t-shirt and shorts enabled her to see he was very well defined, most likely another heavy gym goer.
"So, what do you think, you fancy it? I mean, feel free to try her, but I've just busted a nut in her, so it's up to you." Franco said, clearly talking to the guy and apparently giving him the go ahead to have sex with her if he wishes.
"Err, excuse me! What the fuck makes you think you can tell people they can fuck me? That's not anything to do with you. I say who can have sex with..." Hayley started, but was cut off by Franco.
"Honey, shh..." he said in an extremely condescending tone. "This is an associate of mine who works for the magazine. I told him to come by and have a look at you close up to see what he thinks. When you text me this morning, I told him this was a good time to, and now with you like this, it would be rude to not at least offer. You want paying good money and doors to open, this is the guy to impress!" He told her as the guy walked around the bed and crouched down by Hayley.
"Hi Hayley. My name is Wes. I've known Franco for a long time and he has an amazing way of finding gorgeous girls that will pose, but I must say, I think you may well be the most gorgeous of them all. I am a big fan of girls being completely shaved, and they are always the higher rated on the site than the girls that aren't. Anyway, first things first, I represent a company, and no matter what you may have heard, most representatives do not insist a model has sex with them to get published. I certainly don't. If you had told me to fuck you, I wouldn't have turned that down, but otherwise I wouldn't take advantage of you like that. Secondly, Franco tells me you are interested in a group shoot. Well, I have worked with the magazine for a long time, and can tell you that whilst it is rare for an amateur model to request a group shoot, it does pay very well, and if you were prepared to be strapped into this, it would pay even more. Can I ask, how many guys do you want to join you? Are you talking 2 guys, or more?" The good looking guy said.
At this point, Franco cut in and told him about their conversation earlier, where Hayley said she didn't have a number in mind, but didn't want it to be something slutty. When he had finished, Hayley re-iterated that she had never thought about it before, but quietly confirming that she is definitely ok with being strapped down again, telling him it is a massive turn on at the thought of being left at the mercy of the other people in the shoot. Seconds later, Wes came up with an idea and decided to pitch it to Hayley to see if she would be interested.
"I've had an idea, that again is quite out there, but I think this would be loved by the subscribers, and it would also help alleviate your concerns about it being slutty. How about you get strapped in and are blindfolded and have noise cancelling headphones on. That way, you can get your fantasy of having several guys, but you wouldn't know how many there was so you could just have it in your head that it's two or 3, where as in fact it could be four or five. How about this -- Right now, we say you get paid £300. That's the standard rate for 2 guys and being strapped in. Then, you would never know how many men had sex with you unless you wanted to. How about that?"
Hayley asked if she could have some time to think it over, which Wes told her that she certainly could, before he turned the focus of the conversation back towards the device that Hayley was still strapped to, telling how amazing she looks strapped to it, all helpless, and how it is taking everything he has to not fuck her, but he is hoping she decides to do the group shoot like he suggested. At this point, he started undoing the straps to release her, and passed her the bundle of clothes from the floor, but continued watching as she re-dressed herself, taking special notice of her intimate areas with a smile on his face. Once she was dressed, he walked with her to the door and opened it, allowing her through, before following and walking her to her car. Once she got in and drove off, he gave a wave and walked back inside, laughing to himself as he walked up to Franco.
"Man, she brought that bullshit hook, line and sinker. I think she'll go for it. Strap her up, blindfold her, put on the headphones, and call the boys out to play. You know we're up for it, and she's smokin' hot. I can't wait to have a go on her ass. I take you finally fucked her then after what you said earlier?" Wes said to his friend.
"Yeah I smashed her before you got here. You should have banged her as well though. She couldn't have stopped you if she wanted to. I was going to leave her there a bit longer and do her again after you left but you let her up and sent her out." Franco replied, a little put out by Wes letting Hayley go.
"I was playing the long game. I could tell when I was talking to her she was seriously thinking about the 'group shoot'. She's coming back for that, and now you've only got to raise £300. That's not a lot each when it's spread between us, so when she does message you to say she is up for it, boom. Let everyone know." Wes explained.
Hayley drove back to the flat and met Dan, who asked her about the meeting with Franco. Before she told him, Hayley went to the bathroom and had a quick shower, making sure she cleaned herself up and got all of the cum out that Franco forced her to drive home while it was still inside her, before she explained everything. She started with how it was just those two there, to him bringing up her being restrained again and showing her the device, to then suggesting a shoot and strapping her down, and finally fucking her. This made Dan smile as he had a feeling this was what Franco had been trying to do for a while. Once this was out of the way, she told him about how he walked over to the door and brought another guy in whilst she was still naked and strapped up, before the guy explained who he was and suggested the group idea being blindfolded whilst she was strapped down. Hayley told him that she would be paid £300 for the shoot, and Wes was certain that the magazine would want more, so future shoots would be 'pretty much guaranteed'.
Dan told her that his plan for taking care of their problem was coming along well, but that it wouldn't be ready for a couple of weeks, so it would mean her doing a few more shoots, which Hayley raised her eyebrows at. When Dan asked what that was about, she said that the thought of the shoot Wes suggested didn't sound too bad, and it actually turned her on thinking about it. Hearing that, Dan suggested she lets Franco know in a couple of days that she wants to do it, and that she can sneak away when Dan is out to do some of the solo shoots in advance so that when they do the group shoot, they can just get straight to it.
After some dinner, Hayley went to see her parents for a while, leaving Dan free to continue advancing his plan, and as he was going through his emails, he had one come through from Derek about Hayley's first test shoot after the holiday. The feedback he gave was extremely positive, with several agencies keen for her to test shoot for them, and another offering her an exclusive contract, although Derek advised against this, as it doesn't give much opportunity to enhance her portfolio. Dan emailed back straight away, thanking him, and confirming he will talk with Hayley about it to set something up. A little later, he received a text from Callum, saying that he was waiting on a few things before the machine could be finished, so he text Scott, Lewis and Curtis to see if they wanted to come round for some playstation.
As they all sat drinking and playing fifa, Hayley came back and went straight in to the bathroom, calling out to Dan that she was going out that night with Sammi, who was going to come round straight from work and get ready at theirs, bringing a smile from him as she didn't know the guys were there. After hearing the chain flush, he heard the shower get switched on, and signalled to the others to keep quiet and move to where he was, making sure they would all get a look at Hayley getting undressed in the mirror, which they promptly did. Sure enough, without even walking into the living room to say hi, they saw her walk across the hallway into the bedroom having already removed her top and bra, and begin pushing her jeans down, taking her thong with it. As she had her back to the door, the reflection was only showing her bum as she stood naked, clearly thinking about what she needed to take into the bathroom with her, before picking something up and turning round, enabling all in the living room to see everything, although she didn't once look towards the mirror, instead looking around the room as if trying to remember something, before walking into the bathroom, still oblivious to what she had just done.
Whilst the shower she had earlier that day was primarily to get Franco's jizz out of her, when she had one before going out for a night, she always took longer, shaving her legs, underarms, and giving her pubic region special attention, making sure it was as smooth as possible. By the time she had finished, Dan had taken a bottle of wine and two glasses into the bedroom, pouring Hayley one, and put it where he knew she would see it, before telling the guys that they can set their phones to video and position them on the sofa if they want, which all three did, hoping to catch Hayley naked as she dried herself. She shouted out to Dan, thanking him for the drink, before asking if he would bring the Sambuca and Jager in, as she fancies doing some shots when Sammi gets there to make sure they are both tipsy quickly. Dan winked at the guys as he stood up and fetched the drinks as asked, taking four shot glasses into the bedroom, one each for each drink, and poured Hayley a large Sambuca as she started drying her face.
"We have company. I want you to act like you don't know they are here, not look in the mirror to see who it is, but to make sure you let them see everything a lot. Also, encourage Sammi to have a shower here. I want you to try and ensure they see her as well." Dan whispered to her before turning and heading back to the living room.
Hayley immediately complied, undoing the towel she had wrapped around her and started drying her back whilst facing the mirror but looking at something on the floor, giving whoever it was in the living room a perfect view of her. Moments after he had sat down, Sammi knocked at the door, so Dan went and let her in, making sure to pull the living room door behind him so that she wouldn't see the group of guys, and guiding her to the bedroom where Hayley was standing naked whilst drying her hair. Sammi walked into the bedroom to join Hayley, and Dan went back into the living room to carry on playing the playstation, but making sure the door was opened again to let the spying continue. Hayley immediately passed Sammi two shoot glasses, both containing huge shots of the respective drink, and telling her she was playing catch up, forcing her to drink them both one after the other, before handing her a large glass of wine. Once Sammi had taken a swig from the wine glass, she put it down and immediately began to feel the effects of the shots she had just downed.
"Do you want to have a shower before you start getting ready? I would guess so, since you've come straight from work." Hayley asked, trying to give her a reason to say yes.
"Would you mind? The only thing is, I haven't got a razor and could really do with shaving. Speaking of which, where's your landing strip gone??" She giggled.
"No of course not. If you want to start getting undressed I'll get you some towels, and I'll put a new head on my razor, you can borrow that." Hayley replied, heading out of the bedroom and towards the storage closet by the front door, still naked.
As she did so, the guys were now able to see the back of Sammi as she got undressed, and much to their delight, she didn't take long to remove her blouse and bra, before pushing down the black trousers she wears to work, leaving her in just the plain thong and showing her amazing ass to them unintentionally in the reflection. Now it was a waiting game for the guys in the living room, on one hand they were guaranteed to see her boobs when she turned around to go into the bathroom, but if they were to get really lucky, she would remove the thong and they would see everything. Hayley walked back into the bedroom a few seconds later, and joking mentioned it would be hard to shave with her underwear on, at which Sammi seemed as if she didn't realise they were still on, and took them off. The guys now knew that in any second, they will be getting to see her full frontal as well, and Hayley was going to help, so asked Sammi to pass her the razor heads off the cabinet just inside the door, which meant she would turn around.
Whilst she was looking for the blades, Hayley had gone into the bathroom to fetch the razor, and returned back knowing that if the guys in the living room were watching in the mirror, which they almost certainly were, they would be seeing everything of Sammi now.
"Hey, why don't you leave a landing strip. You seemed fascinated with mine the other day, why don't you have one yourself?" Hayley asked, distracting Sammi by making her look down at her own pussy mound that currently had almost a week's worth of hair growth covering it.
"I've never done it before, I'd probably fuck it up!" Sammi laughed back.
"Don't be daft. It's easy, and right now you're at the perfect length to do it. Here, look." Hayley replied, picking up a sharpie from the cabinet.
She knelt down before Sammi and drew on two lines, before standing back up as Sammi continued looking down.
"There, just follow the lines. Do that first when you get in the shower, then when you wash yourself after, the lines will come off and just leave the strip." Hayley told her as she handed her the razor.
With that Sammi headed into the bathroom and stepped into the shower as Hayley carried on getting dry and the guys went back to their game, leaving their phones trained on the reflection of the bedroom, recording the action. Almost half an hour later, the shower switched off and Sammi soon emerged wrapped in a towel, scooting into the bedroom to join Hayley, who was now almost done drying her hair. Hayley passed the wine over again, and made sure that when Sammi had unwrapped the towel from around herself, she asked to be passed different things from the cabinet so that whoever was in the living room would get to see her, however Sammi was quick to put on a (borrowed) bra and thong, ending what will be the guys interest in the video. Finally, they went out, with Hayley not knowing who it was with Dan, and Sammi not even knowing there was anyone there at all, other than Dan.
Dan woke up the following morning to find the bed empty, however as he walked through the living room towards the kitchen, he saw Hayley asleep on one end of the sofa, and Sammi asleep on the other. As Dan had almost finished making breakfast, the girls began stirring, and after eating, told him all about their night, including the 'really fit guy' Sammi was talking to, and his 'really not fit, creepy mate', saying that she got his number and was going to text him later. After eating, Dan gave Sammi a lift home, and whilst he was out, Hayley received a text from Franco, saying he wanted to do a shoot today if possible. He said it wouldn't be the group shoot yet, as he was still arranging that, but he had an idea for another shoot and wants her to do it. Hayley knew that he would again threaten to post the pictures as he has before, so she would have to go along with the set, but she again asked Dan about when his plan would be ready since she was getting sick of having to do whatever Franco wanted, or rather whoever Franco wanted, whenever he wanted.
Dan told her to agree to the shoot as he messaged Callum to ask about the device they were building, and quickly received a reply saying another week or so, so Hayley responded back to Franco agreeing to the shoot, and was told to go to his studio as soon as possible. When she arrived, there was again a different guy there, and Hayley suspected he would be todays 'shoot partner', but Franco quickly pointed towards his office and told her there is a dress in there that he wants her to wear for the shoot, 'only the dress, nothing else.' He emphasised. Hayley walked in to the office and began undressing to get changed, quickly stripping naked before looking for the dress to put on, but not finding it. She opened the door and poked her head around, calling out for Franco, but being answered by the other guy that was there, who told her Franco was outside by the car.
"Oh. I can't find the dress." Hayley told him. "Is it out there anywhere?
The guy had a quick look around, before responding that he can't see it, and re-iterating it must be in the office somewhere, so Hayley let the door close and went back to looking for it. Seconds later, the door flew open and the guy was stood in the doorway, holding the dress as he stared at Hayley's naked body, saying that he found it outside, and holding it out for her to take. 'Great, another sleazy bastard' Hayley thought as the guy didn't attempt to hide his perving, instead simply watching her as she moved to take the dress from him, before he turned and left, having seen everything he wanted to. Since the office was fairly dark, Hayley didn't notice until she stepped into the light of the studio that the dress was pretty sheer, resulting in Franco's friend again stopping and staring as she looked for the photographer to see what he wants to do.
A few moments later, Franco walked in and saw Hayley in the dress, smiling as he observed her visible body beneath the fabric that may as well not be there, before saying they are doing the shoot elsewhere, so she can wait in the car. After he finished loading up, he opened the passenger side door and got in, and his friend got in the driver side, before starting the engine and pulling away. The car itself was quite nice, a bit smaller than a normal 4x4, but bigger than a hatchback, with leather seats and plenty of space in the back. They drove to the petrol station first, filling up on fuel, and minutes after they left, Franco turned around and explained his idea -- He wanted to do the shoot as they were driving around. Hayley would start off wearing the dress as he starts taking pictures, and slowly removes it as the shoot progresses.
This was not what Hayley was expecting, but since it didn't involve anyone else, the idea of it actually sounded quite thrilling, and the thought of being seen by random strangers was still exciting, especially in this scenario. The part that concerned her was that they didn't seem to be heading out towards any motorway or duel carriageway, instead they were turning around street in a new housing estate, before pulling up at the kerb as the guy driving pressed the horn. Soon enough, the back passenger door was opened and in a guy Hayley had again never seen got in, smiling at Hayley and speaking to Franco and the driver, before he was introduced to Hayley as Will. Both gave the other a quick once over, with Will smiling at how see through the dress was since he could see her small boobs and hard nipples with ease, although he was clearly getting the better end of the deal. Hayley quickly noticed that he was very average in looks, skinny with pretty much no muscle tone at all, and was dressed like a typical 19 year old chav, wearing a white tracksuit and trainers, white baseball cap, and multiple gold rings, chains, and bracelets.
"So, it's me and you today then, hey? I'm sure this is going to be fun." Will said, having now moved his eyes away from her breasts and scanning further down the dress to see what else was visible.
'Yeah, maybe for you...' Hayley thought to herself as the car again pulled away, and almost immediately Franco loosened his seat belt and turned around, aiming the camera at her and began clicking away as they drove down a country lane. As normal, it didn't take long for him to want Hayley removed of clothes, and suggested that she roll down the top of her dress to reveal her boobs, allowing the seat belt to sit between them as he took more shots. Will was leaning against the door and eagerly watching as she did as instructed, breaking out a broad grin as her boobs were released from the material.
"I love small tits, and them nipples are wicked, man. I wanna just suck on one so much man, they're awesome!" He came out with, sounding like a typical, immature, common man-boy.
Franco also ignored him as he continued taking pictures, instructing her to continue pushing the dress down until it was bunched up around her stomach, just as they turned into what appeared to be an old farm. Franco confirmed this, and said that they will do the rest of the first part of the shoot here since there is no other traffic and she can take her seat belt off completely. Once she did this, he began instructing her to move about in such a way that the dress began ride up her legs, slowly revealing more and more, much to Will's delight, and he had now put his hand into his tracksuit bottoms, clearly holding himself as the car slowly drove around the gravel roads. Next, Franco told Hayley to slouch down in the seat and open her legs a little more, taking more pictures as this resulted in the dress sliding up until it was only just covering her modesty.
"Yeah man, you need to pull it up a bit more, innit, or just take it off completely!" Will again chimed in with, making Hayley cringe at how she was most likely going to be expected to have sex with the idiot.
Franco, on the other hand, decided that now would be a good time to involve Will into the shoot, and suggested that he help Hayley by undoing the dress. This took him no time at all to do, and he immediately shuffled over towards where she was sitting and reached his right arm behind her, locating the back of the dress and fumbling with the zip. After a few moments of struggling, he stated that he 'can't get it to move, because of how she's sitting, innit, so she needs to slide down further so the zip is in the gap between her back and the seat, innit.' Hearing this, Hayley just decided to stop delaying the inevitable, and began to undo the zip herself, reaching both hands behind her to do so. As she started to undo the zip, she arched her back forward, unintentionally pushing boobs forward, which had Franco tell her to stay exactly like that whilst he took a few pictures. As Hayley did as requested, Will again proposed for the bottom of her dress to be moved up higher, fooling nobody into thinking it was for any other specific reason than to see what had so far eluded him.
"Yes, I suppose we can do that now, but Hayley, stay exactly as you are with your hands undoing the dress, just raise up off the seat a little please. Will, can you slide the dress up for her." Franco responded, inviting his friend to start becoming physically involved in the shoot.
Again, Will wasted no time at all in reaching over Hayley and grasping the material before she lifted her bum off the seat, at which point he immediately yanked it up into a bunch around her stomach, taking in a good look at her shaved pussy in doing so, before reaching his hand down and putting it on the inside of her thigh, pulling at it as if to indicate she should open her legs more. This surprised Hayley, since she knew what was likely going to happen later, despite not really wanting to, however as she looked to Franco, about to say something, he simply nodded, as if to say, yes, do it, do what he wants, again much to her chargrin. Once her legs were spread, Will set his sights between them, moving his hand up her thigh towards her apex, before she attempted to stop him, taking hold of his wrist and holding his hand away from her slit.
To Hayley's surprise, Franco actually asked will to remove his hand and move back across the seat, since he is affecting the images he wishes to capture, annoying the extra passenger. Franco continued taking more pictures as they continued driving around the farm, with Hayley eventually removing the dress altogether, leaving her completely naked. After stopping and taking some shots in various positions against some of the barns, they once again got in the car and began driving, this time heading back out to the roads, with the dress Hayley had been wearing being put in the boot of the car, ensuring she would not be covered up as they drove around. It wasn't long until they had reached a motorway, and as they joined the traffic, Franco announced it was now time for Will to be involved in the shoot.
"Ok Hayley, why don't you loosen your seat belt a little and slide down the seat again, and Will, you can have a check to see if Hayley's boobs feel as good as they look." Franco instructed.
Immediately, Will removed the hand that he had again put down his tracksuit bottoms and placed it on Hayley's left boob, roughly squeezing it and pinching at her erect nipple like it was his first time ever touching a girls breasts. Despite the fact this was not even remotely sexy or erotic at all for Hayley, Franco continued taking pictures as Will mauled at her body, encouraging him to change it up and do different things, including sucking and nibbling at the nipple, before instructing him to find out if Hayley was turned on, essentially telling him to start fingering her. Yet again, this was done like it was his first time, since there was no teasing or playing with her clit or the like, instead he just immediately went straight for her hole and pushed his finger in, drawing a short, quick "Ow!" from Hayley at the intrusion as she moved about to extract the digit.
"Err, I'm not even remotely turned on, so that shit just hurts! What is this, your first time? It's like you have no clue what you're doing" Hayley informed him, making sure she emphasised her point.
"Nah, I've fingered and shagged bare birds. You're evidently just frigid or sommat!" Will spat back, clearly embarrassed at having his useless technique called out.
"Ok, well, rather than insulting each other, Hayley, why don't you start getting Will turned on by sucking him, and if you want to warm yourself up whilst you're doing it, that should be a good way to start." Franco stated, leaving Hayley in no illusion what was expected of her.
As they were in the inside "slow" lane, this ensured they would be overtaken fairly regularly, and as she leaned over to lower her head towards Will's lap, a huge lorry began to pass them, although to Hayley's relief, the driver was on the opposite side, so wouldn't have been able to see her. As Will raised himself off the seat and pushed his tracksuit bottoms down, revealing he wasn't wearing underwear either, Hayley was forced to stifle a laugh at what she was presented with. Whilst he had been playing with himself most of the journey and was already hard, he was certainly not well endowed, and despite also not being circumcised, he only measured in at roughly 4 inches long and not much in the way of girth either. 'That explains his lack of experience, I bet girls have seen that and laughed at him before making their excuses!' Hayley though to herself, amused at how poetic it was that because Will was such an asshole, it was funny that he had such a little cock.
She began doing as instructed, taking the cock in her hand so that only the end was left out, and began sucking at it, not moving her hand that was holding the shaft, almost as if she was making a point about his short comings. She also began rubbing at her own clit as she did so, trying to get herself turned on as she sucked the thin meat pole before her. Hayley had been focussed on this so much, she didn't realise that they had even gotten off the motorway, let alone that they were pulling up outside the studio. The car came to a stand-still and she was instructed to continue what she was doing whilst the guy driving unlocked the studio and Franco continued taking pictures, before moments later being instructed to go inside, not even being offered the dress that she had been made to wear when they left. Hayley did so, opening the door and quickly running inside just in case there was anyone around, followed by Franco, as Will was sorting himself out in the car.
"I think we will finish this one off here. I was asked for another set of you in the restrainer with another partner, so we can do that today, although I'm more looking forward to the group shoot using it when I can get that arranged" Franco announced to her as he walked in.
'Do I even have a choice?' Hayley thought to herself as she began walking towards the device and climbing into position as Franco began strapping her down, before Will emerged from the office carrying something that Hayley couldn't make out as he headed towards her. He put whatever it was down behind Hayley, and pushed his bottoms down, allowing his small dick to spring free before giving it a few short tugs to make sure he was hard. Franco had again picked up his camera and had taken a few pictures from the front of Hayley as she was strapped down whilst Will was behind her, but now he moved to the side of her as Will stepped closer, rubbing his uncut end up and down against Hayley's slit before pressing in to her as Franco snapped the point of penetration. Will began thrusting hard into her as she was held in position by the restraints, each time making her small hanging tits wobble through the intensity.
Despite the fact she didn't like Will and his attitude had been shitty all day, Hayley was now feeling turned on, surprisingly due to being strapped down, however the only disappointing thing for her was the little tool she was being fucked by. The beeps continued from Franco's camera and Hayley just closed her eyes, imagining it was Dan hammering in to her, especially since he was certainly a lot better endowed than Will, allowing her to become lost in her imagination. Unbeknownst to her though, Will had something more in mind, and picked up what he had brought from the office, which turned out to be a bottle of lube, and drizzled some onto her well exposed asshole. Being lost in her own imagination, Hayley didn't even notice him do this, and Will smiled at Franco as he pulled his cock out of Hayley's pussy, before quickly lining it up against her anus and pressing it in, the slickness of the lube mixed with his underwhelming size making it easy for him to bottom out in her ass on the first push.
"Hmm, hah, no." Hayley moaned as he began stroking in and out of her ass. "Not in my ass."
"Yeah in your ass, don't act like you don't love it. I could tell you were into it when you voluntarily got in this thing, offering your ass up for me!" Will replied, continuing to pump into Hayley's back door.
"This set will definitely be taken by the mag, and you're getting paid for it, so this is just more money for you." Franco added, making no attempt to stop Will or even instruct him to pause.
By the time Franco had stopped talking, Will had increased the intensity of his thrusting, and was now happily pounding into Hayley's backside, taking the fact that because she hadn't repeated the instruction to stop, he was fine to carry on, and Franco resumed taking pictures. Knowing that Franco would follow through on his threat of she didn't continue, Hayley reluctantly carried on, again closing her eyes and imagining it was anyone else, but Dan especially, that was taking her body for their pleasure, rather than the asshole it was. She had never thought about being restrained like this before the last week or so, but now she had experienced it a couple of times, it was highly erotic for her, the only downside being who was getting to use her. Letting her mind wander again, Hayley began imagining she had access to the device whilst they were on holiday, since there were a few guys that they met she would have liked Dan to arrange for her to 'meet', such as Ben and Paul's friends Marc, Liam, and Jon.
"Are you looking forward to being in this for our group shoot?" Franco whispered into her ear, almost as if he had read her mind while Will carried on fucking her ass.
"Hmm, yeah" Hayley quietly replied,
"You like the thought of being fucked by several guys at once? The thrill that you can do whatever you want and your boyfriend will never find out what you have done. That you will have been fucked by multiple people and you don't know who, is that a turn on for you?" He continued whispering to Hayley.
He was only half right, in that Hayley will tell Dan everything and he is happy to proceed, but the thought of being used without knowing who by was certainly a huge turn on for her, and she could feel her pussy twinging at the thought of it. It was only now that she realised the thrusting into her asshole had stopped, and she felt Will pull his cock from her, having just unloaded in her rectum as Franco had been talking. Will stepped back with a big smile on his face, before putting his tracksuit bottoms back on and saying bye, walking to the door as Franco joined him. Once he had gone, Franco walked back over to Hayley who was still strapped in place to the device, and took his phone from his pocket, typing out a text message, before putting it back.
"Are you going to unstrap me and let me out?" Hayley asked as he almost reached her.
"Yes of course" Franco replied as he moved to behind her, "Just not yet. I think we can have some more fun first." He continued, pulling his t-shirt over his head and putting it over Hayley's, effectively stopping her seeing.
She felt his fingers start touching between her legs, firstly playing with her clit before moving up and down her crease and circling her entrance, slowly sliding in to her as he used his other hand to push his shorts and boxers down and stepping out of them. Again, Franco was not rough as he started stimulating her g-spot, instead massaging it with two fingers as the lack of vision started causing her other senses to become heightened. Once his other hand was free, he used it to rub her clit, doubling pleasure she could feel, even though she didn't really want to be feeling it from Franco. Just as she began approaching an orgasm, he pulled his fingers out and placed his cock at the wet hole to replace them, pushing into Hayley in one long stroke, before pulling back and repeating the action, drawing a reluctant moan of pleasure from her as the photographer started slowly fucking her.
"I'll be right back..." Franco said, pulling his cock from her and walking up the unit, in the opposite direction to the office.
Hayley heard the cupboard door open, and moments later close again as the light footsteps got closer to her, before he pulled the t-shirt off her head, and replaced it with a blind fold.
"There, that's better. Now, open wide..." He instructed.
Hayley did as she was told, however she was expecting this to be for him to put his cock into her mouth, not whatever it was that actually entered her oral cavity, and almost immediately she heard a click and felt a strap quickly pulled tight, securing what she now realised was a ball gag in place and stopping her from speaking at all. She let out several muffled noises as a means of protest at this new, and frankly un-agreed, restraint being used, however they came out simply as 'hmmmph, hmmomomm, hmmom'. Undeterred, Franco moved back behind her and she heard him rummaging about, before he again started pressing back into her, repeating his previous slow action as his length worked in and out of her, drawing more reluctant, and now muffled, moans of pleasure from Hayley.
The lack of vision and complete inability to speak had dialled Hayley's other senses up to 11, and she was now feeling every slight movement and touch that Franco did which sent pleasure coursing through her body, but this was quickly replaced with panic when she heard the door to the studio open and at least two people walk in.
To be continued.