This continues where Chapter 2 left off. I would recommend reading the first two chapters in order for this to make the most sense. Thank you all for the wonderful feedback I have received, it has been very helpful and appreciated!
*****
Dr. B liked to take the chapters out of order, so the following week we skipped right to Chapter Eight, The Physiology of Sexual Response. That was the chapter Zach had read that made him feel like he wasn't normal. I watched him from the corner of my eye during the videos, catching the hint of red on his cheeks in the faint light of the room. At least some of the information in the videos contradicted the book as people reported their real experiences to the researchers.
Once class was over, I turned to Zach after most of the other students had escaped the room.
"Zach, there's something I need to-," I began.
"Hey, Zach," Reggie interrupted, turning toward us. "I hope you're paying attention, because this is probably the only place you're ever going to get the chance to see so muchvaginain your entire life." Tyler and Lee snickered as they glanced back at us.
"OUT!" Dr. B shouted at the three of them. Zach focused on stuffing his things into his backpack, face flaming.
"Zach-," I tried again.
"Can we just get out of here now? Please, Brinna? We can talk on the way to the library, okay?"
We were halfway across campus when I stopped and turned to him. There was something I had forgotten to consider when we'd made our arrangement together last week.
"You've changed your mind," he said anxiously, looking closely at my face. "It's okay. I-I understand."
"Huh? No. No, that's not it."
The look of relief on his face would have been comical, if he weren't also so damned adorable in his eagerness.
"It's my period," I blurted, and watched with interest as the blush swept up from the base of his neck. Regardless, he didn't drop his gaze this time.
"We don't have to do anything," he said hastily. "I, uh, could I come down to your office anyway? I can just study. I'll be quiet, I promise."
"Zach," I laughed, "you don't have to hide in the corner. I just wanted to let you know, because I just, you know, I don't like to be messed with below the waist when-"
"It's okay!" he interrupted, and I wondered if anyone was going to let me get through a complete sentence today. "I just - I just want to hang out with you. You said we were friends. Right, Brinna? Friends hang out." He bit his bottom lip. "Are you okay, though? Do you want me to carry your backpack?"
"My period didn't start right this minute, Zach," I said with a smile. "I'm fine today. It was a couple of days ago. We just didn't talk about what would happen when I'm on my period."
"We can just work on our paper," he said, now looking at anything but me.
"You are awfully cute when you blush like that," I said with a smile. I resumed walking and he fell in beside me. We walked in silence to the library.
Once in the office, Zach's eyes roamed around the room. His gaze flickered over the rolled-up yoga mats and pillow I had stuck in the corner earlier that day. I saw him swallow hard as he figured out why I'd brought them in. My desk was on one side of the room, with a computer and scanner set up on the opposite side.
"Can I check out your computer?" he asked abruptly. "I've been wanting to get my hands on it since I first came down here."
"Should I feel slighted by that?" I teased. "The two of us in this room, andthat'swhat you want to get your hands on?" He grinned shyly in response. "Go on, then."
Zach played around with the computer system for a while, insisting on running some of my scanning work through, so he could see everything in action. It was fascinating to watch the intensity on his face as he got lost in his explorations. He was so focused on the equipment in front of him, I could almost be jealous. I wondered if he focused on the homework I gave him with the same intensity.
After about half an hour, he snapped out of it and turned to me, blinking.
"Sorry," he muttered, looking embarrassed.
I didn't say anything. I brushed the backs of two fingers across his cheek, and his breathing caught just a bit.
"You wanted to study?"
"Oh, uh, yeah. Yeah, study."
"You can use my desk if you want. I'll work on the scanner for a while."
When he stood up to move to my desk, I brushed against him as I went to sit down. Flirting with him was turning out to be as much fun as my usual, more direct, approach.
We worked in silence for about twenty minutes, facing away from each other, before Zach spoke up.
"Brinna? What's it like, having a period?"
"Are you sure you want to know?" I smiled, though he couldn't see it with my back to him.
"Yes. And no." He paused. "Mostly yes."
I was certain that, even though I couldn't see him, he would be blushing as I described in excruciating detail what it was like to have a period every single month. He didn't say anything beyond a soft 'oh' when I finished, and we worked quietly for a while longer.
"Brinna?"
"Yeah?"
"Um, you know last week you said-, last time w-we were here together, you..." He trailed off, and I waited patiently. "Do you have any, uh," he cleared his throat, "you know, sex toys? At home?"
My eyebrows went up. I turned to look at him. He had his nose buried in a textbook.
"If you want to talk to me about sex, I'm going to need you to look at me." I stood up. "Or maybe I should just come sit by you."
I grabbed one of the wooden chairs and sat next to him at the desk. He was still fiddling nervously with his pencil, eyes bouncing between his textbook and notebook. The tops of his ears were red.
I looked at the mathematics textbook he was studying. Everything appeared as incomprehensive squiggles to me. I took a moment to admire his ability to make sense of them.
"Zach, why aren't you enrolled at a better school?" I asked suddenly. "Not that this school is bad, but what are you doing at a little regional university? Why aren't you at some Ivy League college?"
"I could have graduated at fourteen, and I might have gone to one then. My grandpa wanted me to wait. My parents didn't care whether I waited or not. They just kept pushing me to go somewhere I didn't want to go. Maybe to get me far away from home," he said softly. "So I decided to come here. It's far enough from home, but also not too far, you know? My grandpa comes to see me every semester, and I hang out with him between semesters. My parents didn't want to help me go here, so grandpa helps with my housing and I have a scholarship for the rest. I'll—well, you didn't want to know all that." He shrugged and began tapping his pencil rapidly against his paper.
"What about brothers and sisters?" I placed my hand on his to stop the nervous tapping.
"Two brothers, one sister. My sister's twelve years older than me, and my brothers are fourteen and sixteen years older. My parents had a timetable, spaced all their kids perfectly. Except me. I was the mistake."
"Zach-," I began, only to be interrupted for what seemed like the twentieth time that day.
"Sex toys, Brinna?" Zach said, giving me a challenging stare. I smiled into his eyes.
"None currently." I dropped a hand to his knee and stroked his leg.
"Would you ever get one?" His hands tightened into fists where they rested on the desk. Clench, release, clench, release. I rested my head on his shoulder, my face turned into his neck.
"Would you like me to?" I whispered and kissed him under the jaw.
"Y-yeah. If you wanted to, I mean."
"Mmmm," I answered, noncommittally, and trailed a few kisses down his neck until I reached the collar of his shirt. He sighed unevenly and I felt his hand hesitantly touching my hair.
I felt an idea tickling the edge of my mind. "We could go shopping for one. Together."
"Do you think they sell them in theStudent Union?" Zach asked, sounding completely shocked.
I couldn't help it. I laughed.
"Oh, Zach. How did you stay so sweet and innocent for so long?" I lifted my head and captured his face between my hands. "You really are adorable." He rolled his eyes and snorted softly. "I like it," I said as I kissed his lips softly, quickly, and drew back. "There's an adult toy store on the edge of town. What do you say to a field trip?"
Zach didn't drive, so I offered to drive us. He accepted my offer and spent the whole car ride nervously running his hands back and forth over the tops of his thighs and looking out the window.
"Have you ever been to one?" I asked.
"No." He drummed his long fingers on his knees. "What's it like?"
"You're going to find out soon." I took some pity on his nerves. "Mostly it's videos, magazines, toys for women. Toys for men."
"What if someone we know sees us together there?"
"So what? What are they doing there anyway?" I laughed.
"Wouldn't it, uh, bother you if they see you withme? In a store like that?"
"Do you think the whole class has met up there and is waiting for us?" I reached over and set my hand on his thigh. "I don't care who sees me anywhere I want to go, and I really don't care if they see me with you."
We pulled into the parking lot of the craptacular little adult store, with its faded paint job and overall seedy look. There was only one other car in the lot, and I guessed it probably belonged to the employee inside. You'd think they'd try to brighten the place up a bit, get a paint job. Anything to make it look a bit less shady, I thought.
I grinned at Zach as I shut off the car.
"Are you ready for your first trip to an adult toy store?" I asked cheerfully. "Because you're going to walk in first. And you're not allowed to slink in there either. I want to see your head up and eyes out front."
"What?" he asked, wide-eyed.
"You. Walk in. Go start looking around. I'll be a minute or two behind you."
He stared at me, uncertainly. I think he was waiting to see if I was joking.
"You can do this. Confidence, remember?"
He looked a bit betrayed as he got out of the car and slowly made his way to the door. He looked back once, and I nodded encouragingly to him. As he disappeared through the door, I started counting slowly to one hundred.
When I walked in, the store clerk was busy reading a magazine while Zach wandered around in wide-eyed wonder. As the door shut behind me, I squinted, adjusting to the contrast between dim lighting inside and the bright sunshine outside. The clerk glanced up, then did a double-take and stared at me. Great. Creepy clerk alert.
"Hey, baby," I said to Zach as I approached. I linked my arm through his and leaned in to kiss his cheek. The clerk kept his eyes on us. I tugged Zach's arm gently. "Found anything interesting?"
"Brinna," he mumbled, "I don't even know what half of this stuff isfor."
"Didn't you read the book I gave you?" I asked, wondering if he had done his homework. It seemed very unlike Zach to skip homework of any kind.
"Yeah, but not the chapter on, uh, sex toys. Yet. Or the chapter on, you know, men. You said to pick out what I wanted to master." He looked at the ceiling momentarily. "I spent most of my time reading about positions and, uh, how to, you know, how to please a woman. I didn't know we were doing the toy chapter!"
I laughed at his expression and squeezed his arm fondly.
As we walked down the first row, I explained in quiet undertones the purpose for various items, and Zach tried not to let his eyes settle too long on any one object. He really was trying hard not to fail this assignment. I decided to let him off the hook about not reading all the chapters.
"See? That guy doesn't even care that we're in here."
"He doesn't care I'm in here. He sure cares a little too much that you are," he said, sounding a little grumpy. Zach took a half-step and effectively blocked me from the clerk's view. He dropped his arm around my waist, resting his hand on my hip.
"Men are so possessive," I teased.
"Do you mind?" he asked anxiously, and I sensed he was about to step away from me any second.
"No. Not today, anyway." I nipped his earlobe lightly before turning my attention back to the shelves. "Here's what I believe you were interested in." I waved a hand at the rows of various dildos and vibrators.
"They're all different? Why are there so many kinds?"
"Big, regular, thick, slender, multiple colors, vibration, no vibrations. Oh, and don't forget the ones that rotate."
"What do you even need me for?" he blurted, then flushed.
"Oh, Zach," I laughed. "There's quite a difference between the real thing and a hunk of battery powered plastic."
"Silicone, mostly," he said absently, still taking in the array of goods.
"Toys are fun, but they're just a substitute. For me anyway. Some women prefer them over the hassle of men," I winked at him, "and some women use them with each other. Sometimes couples enjoy playing with them together. I mean, you saw the video last week, right?"
"Which one are you going to get?" he whispered.
I gave him a smile and selected an average sized vibrator in a nice purple color. I never was much of a hot pink kind of girl.
"Brinna?"
"Mmm?" I asked, still browsing the shelves.
"Let me buy it for you."
"You don't need to spend money on me, Zach. That was never part of the deal."
Zach glanced back at the clerk, who had returned to reading a magazine. He turned, so that his back was to the clerk, and leaned in to whisper in my ear.
"Let me buy it for you," he repeated.
"Why?"
"I want to be able to think about you using something I bought you on yourself. To get off."
"All right, Zach," I whispered back, enjoying the pleasant tingling his words had stirred in my body, and the sensation of his breath across my ear. "Since you asked so nicely, I promise to think about you when I put this between my legs. I'll think about you when I cum."
He groaned deep in his throat a low, soft, sound that only I heard.
"What's the first stage of erotic arousal?" I asked with a chuckle, referring to our class lesson earlier in the day.
"Excitement," he murmured, and surprised me by taking my hand and pressing it between his legs. He wasn't hard yet, but his cock twitched under my hand and I could feel it beginning to swell.
"Why, Zach, is that for me?" I fluttered my eyelashes at him playfully, and the corner of his mouth flickered in a smile. "So naughty, and in public, too." I gave him a light squeeze and felt his cock jump. "Maybe we should pay and get out of here so we can take this somewhere private?"
"Um, yeah. Let's, uh, I thought you didn't want, I mean, you said not today?"
"No, I said I didn't like being messed with below the waist while I'm on my period. I never said I didn't want to mess withyoubelow the waist." I gave him another squeeze. "I never said you couldn't touch me above the waist, either. As I recall, I was interrupted before I could finish talking."
"Oh, fuck, yeah, sorry. I'll, um, ok, let's pay and get out of here. I'll give you some money and wait by the door."
"Oh no you won't," I insisted. "If you need to, we'll walk around a few minutes, but you're going with me to the register. And you're going to look that guy straight in the eye. Hell, wink at him if you want to, I don't care. You get the whole experience, baby." I removed my hand. "Why don't you think about prime numbers for a while?" I smiled and slipped away from him.
We browsed for a few more minutes, until Zach's excitement had settled down, then went to check out. Zach did great, right up until the time I asked the clerk where I could find an extra-large cock ring. Zach desperately looked like he wished the ground would open and swallow him whole. The clerk raised his eyebrow at me, tossing a skeptical look at Zach.
"If you don't carry them that big, I'm sure I can find them somewhere else," I said firmly. "Do you have what we need, or not?"
"Oh my god," Zach breathed, turning his body sideways to the counter and looking up over my head, cheeks flaming.
The clerk gestured and directed me to the selection. I deliberately brushed my hand across Zach's crotch as I sweetly asked him to wait for me. I know the clerk saw it happen.
The moment we had paid at the register, Zach quickly turned from the counter. It seemed that he might race me to the car, so I took his hand and made him stroll casually out of the store together. I released him once outside the door. He trailed me to the driver's side and insisted on opening the door for me.
"Just get in, Brinna," he ordered, then slammed the door shut before racing around to the passenger side, as I started the car.
Once in the car, he leaned forward and dropped his head in his hands. I was worried I might have pushed him too far at the end. He groaned pitifully.
"You're the worst friend I've ever had," he said from behind his hands, and then burst out laughing. Granted, it was tinged with a bit of hysteria, but it was still laughter. I took it as a good sign. When he finally did look up, he was smiling.
"Yeah," I agreed, grinning like an idiot, as I steered us back toward the campus. "And I don't know how to break this to you, but we have one more stop."
He groaned dramatically and flopped back in his seat.
"God, what torture have you thought up now?"
The torture I'd thought up was taking Zach to the drugstore to buy some condoms and lube. He really did need to have his own supply, and not rely on any girls he might encounter, to have something more suitable to his, uh, assets. Plus, I suspected he didn't have much in the way personal items like lube at his apartment. Somehow, I just couldn't see Zach buying it on his own.
"Why couldn't we just have bought it at the other store? I mean, we were just there. They had stuff." I think he was feeling a bit sorry for himself, as a few stray shoppers observed our perusal of the condom aisle with either a smirk or look of disapproval. One was old enough to be his grandmother.
"Because you need to be able to walk into any place, and get what you need, without being embarrassed. You could go to the Student Health Center, but they pretty much have the one-size-fits-all general condom thing going. Here you've got variety."
Zach blew air out from between his lips, taking the box of condoms I suggested for him, and rolling his eyes up as he grabbed a tube of 'personal lubricant' off the shelf nearby.
"Oh my god," Zach said, sounding desperate as we neared the register. "Stop. Stop, stop, stop. C'mere!" He pulled me into the greeting card aisle. I thought he was trying to chicken out completely. Or maybe he just needed some time since I had been lightly brushing up against him, with either my hand or my boobs, rather frequently ever since we entered the store. "That girl at the checkout is one of Lee's roommates!" he hissed.
"So? A guy can't buy condoms and lube without some random guy's random roommate judging him?"
"It's not that," Zach insisted. "You can't come up there with me. She might mention seeing us to Lee, and he'll know it's you if she describes you at all. Go to the car." I opened my mouth to object. "Brinna, go to the car! Please! I'll buy the stuff, I will. Just go. Let me do it."
"You're so forceful," I said lightly, and kissed his cheek before slipping out to wait in the car.
It took the rest of the drive to the campus for Zach's cheeks to stop burning red. He shoved the drug store sack, and the cock ring I'd insisted on, deep inside his backpack before we got out and headed back to our hideaway.
I caught his arm as he started to break away, and head toward the restroom, to relieve some tension.
"No."
I stopped him outside the door of the office.
"Do you trust me?" I asked, with a slight grin.
"Yeah, Brinna." He looked slightly puzzled, likely trying to figure out where things were going today. I'd upset the routine of the previous two weeks quite a bit today.
"Wait out here for me for a couple of minutes." I smiled and took his backpack from him. Once I brought him into the room, I would have to move fast for what I had in mind. It would be a bit of an ambush.
Having arranged the office space the way I wanted, I opened the door and pulled Zach inside.
"Take your clothes off, Zach," I ordered briskly, as I tugged his t-shirt up and over his head, urging him to get his shoes and pants off quickly. "Lay down on the mat, close your eyes, and relax. Count prime numbers if you want."
He'd had very little time to react, other than to follow my instructions, and now he was stretched out on his back on the two layers of yoga mats I'd spread on the floor, pillow under his head, eyes closed, fingers twitching nervously.
"Brinna?"
"Hush, Zach. I just want to look at you for a minute." I enjoyed the sight of him, spread out, still flaccid, trusting, waiting, wondering what was coming. When placed next to his roommate, most females would have gone for the tall, athletic Tyler, which was a shame, really. Zach had qualities that could be easily overlooked, quiet or hidden as they were, especially with the way he carried himself. He made a very attractive package overall, if someone would just look past the shell. That's where we needed to get him.
I knelt and straddled his lower legs, holding my weight off them.
"I'm going to touch you, Zach," I warned, not wanting him to be startled. I ran my hands up the inside of his thighs, and smiled to myself when he sucked in a deep breath. "Remind me again which phase is the beginning of erotic arousal?" I teased, watching the subtle swelling beginning between his legs.
"Excitement," he said shakily. "C-can I open my eyes, Brinna?"
"I guess you might want to see this," I answered, distracted, as I took his cock in my hand and it twitched in response to my touch. Leaning forward, just as Zach was propping himself up on his elbows to look down his body at me, I took him in my mouth.
"Oh my god," he groaned heavily. His eyes rolled back in his head as I applied gentle suction to his rapidly growing cock. I took him deep into my mouth while I could still manage the entire shaft. I gave a small moan of satisfaction as I felt him swell and pulse against my tongue.
His eyes briefly found mine, then focused solidly on my mouth. He was growing hard so quickly, that I had to back off and concentrate on the top half. I lifted my mouth off his cock and grinned mischievously at the disappointment that flashed across his face.
"Have you been doing your homework, Zach? All of it? Have you been holding yourself back from cumming too fast while you jerk off?"
"Yeah," he panted, then growled low in his throat when I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock. "But I can't, uh, I can't promise I'll last long with you doing that."
"I've been wanting to get you hard with my mouth since we were shopping earlier," I confessed. I grasped the base of his shaft firmly in my hand and ran my tongue up the exposed underside. "What do you think, Zach? Would the clerk have cared if I dropped to my knees and sucked your cock in the middle of his store?"
"Oh, fuck," he moaned, cock rock-hard and straining now.
"I'm going to stop for a minute now, Zach. And you're going to tell me what interests you most from the book I gave you. First thing that comes to mind. What do you want to learn?"
"Uh, the, uh, I want you from behind."
"Doggie style?" I asked, squeezing his cock lightly.
"Yeah. Yeah, that."
"Why that?"
"It's hot," he answered simply.
"I think it is, too," I said with a smile. I licked the drop of pre-cum from his slit with the tip of my tongue, causing him to suck air between his clenched teeth. "I like how deep a man can get inside me from that position. How he, howyoucan touch my breasts or clit with your hands, how the head of your cock feels when you push inside of me."
I saw his jaw clench, and I knew he was struggling to control himself.
"What else?"
"I want to make you cum. With my hands. And my mouth."
"So, that's three things."
"Two things in total," he insisted. I raised an eyebrow at him. "Making you cum only counts as one. I'm the Math major, Brinna, and it's my formula." He gave me a half-smile, uncertain if I would accept his reasoning.
"Third thing?" I asked, conceding. Just to remind him who was in charge of this research project, I leaned in and teased the crown of his cock with my tongue. His fingers curled into fists and I saw something shift in his eyes as he watched my tongue work.
"I want to watch you ride my cock," he said with heat, no hint of shyness in his expression.
"Zach," I said intently, "I think you're going to make a very considerate lover one day."
I took a moment to squirt some lube into my free hand.
"Brinna?" He licked his lips. "Are you gonna use your mouth on me again?"
"You mean, am I going to suck your cock for you?" His cock gave a little twitch in my hand.
"Yeah."
I smiled seductively at him.
"No, Zach. Not today I'm not. I'm saving the full experience for the next time we meet." He didn't bother to hide his disappointment. My smile turned a bit sly. "I am going to use my hand though. I want to see how long you can last like this." I slathered the lube up and down his rigid shaft. "How long can you take it when I'm the one doing the stroking, Zach?"
"I don't know," he said hesitantly.
"Have you been doing your homework, baby?"
"Yeah. Like you told me." He gasped a bit when I began to stroke him slowly, from the base to the tip and back.
"How long could you go by yourself, breaks and all?"
"I went an hour last night," he whispered, watching my hand.
"You won't last like that today," I said confidently. "But that's okay. I just felt like having you hard and fast right now. Was last night the last time you jerked off?"
"Yeah," he sighed. "I wanted to this morning but..."
"But what?"
"I don't know. I just like to-," he paused with a small groan as I increased my speed and gripped him a bit firmer, "I like to save it for you, Brinna. I should have gotten off first by myself in the other room. I can't-I can't last long like this."
"Do you like this?" I brought my other hand into the mix, and instead of stroking up and down, I used one hand to squeeze him at the base, then stroke up, over and off the head, then start the second hand at the base and repeat.
"Yeah," he breathed.
"Tell me what you want. What do you want me to do with my hands? What feels good to you?"
"More pressure," he sighed. "You can squeeze me harder. Like- like you did in the store earlier."
"You liked it?"
"I wish-" He lost the ability to speak for a moment, as I followed his instructions and tightened my hand on his straining cock. "I wish you could have done what you said earlier."
"Sucked you off in the store?" His hips lifted a bit, pushing his slickened shaft through my hand. "Did you want him to see me with your cock between my lips?"
"Yeah," Zach whispered. "I did. Faster, Brinna. Your hand. I need it faster."
"First, you tell me how you wanted that to end. Me, on my knees in the store, sucking you where anyone could walk in and see? Where the guy there could see it? What did you want?"
"I wanted to cum in your mouth," he groaned. "I want to fuck your pretty mouth and cum down your throat."
"I love the way you talk to me when you get heated up, Zach. When you forget how shy you are. I'm going to give you what you want." I grinned. "On Thursday. So you can think about it until we meet again." His breathing went ragged, and I delivered on my promise to stroke him faster.
"The top," he grated out, "work the top. Oh fuck me, that's it, like that!"
I milked the top third of his shaft, and gently cupped his balls in my free hand.
"Oh god," he moaned, and they contracted, drawing up against his body. "Brinna!"
The first thick jet of semen shot across his stomach, a powerful stream that landed neatly along the center of his chest. I watched as the second jet went nearly as far, falling just short by a couple of inches, then a third. He grabbed my wrist to slow my hand. I watched closely until the last pulse simply dribbled out over his cockhead, still held in my fist, and a small dab oozed onto the backs of my top two fingers. I was tempted to lean down and lick it off him, just to feel the silky liquid on my tongue.
"I'm impressed, Zach," I said quietly. "You lasted so much longer than the first time I touched you. You clearly have been, hmm, let's say, diligent about your homework." I gave his softening cock a squeeze. "I want you to do something for me."
"Anything," he breathed, and I wondered if he would be sorry he said that.
"Open your mouth a little." He complied. "I want you to taste yourself, and clean off my fingers." I slowly inserted the first two fingers of my hand between his lips, and felt his tongue probe them cautiously while we looked at each other. He closed his lips around my fingers and sucked them gently, still watching my eyes. I shivered when he ran his tongue around my fingertips. He smiled slightly when he noticed, taking that wrist in his hand and drawing my fingers out of his mouth slowly, placing a little kiss on the tips before releasing me.
"Salty. Like you." He gave a short laugh and smiled warmly at me.
"Stop that. You're going to give a girl wet panties with that look," I chided. "Let me clean you up." He watched me work, lightly stroking my wrist and arm with the fingers of one hand.
"I like touching your skin," he said finally. "Brinna? Will you take off your shirt and lay with me? I just want to feel your skin against mine." He rolled onto his side and watched me remove my shirt and bra. "With your back to me?"
I laid down and he spooned against me, his chest pressed against my back, arm thrown over me, hand resting on my stomach. His fingers moved a little restlessly, so I laid my hand lightly over the top of his.
"Go ahead," I told him. "I know you want to touch me."
"Mmmm," he agreed wordlessly. He slid his hand out from under mine, up over my stomach, to cup my breast. I sighed as his fingers toyed lightly with my nipple.
"If I do this too long, I'll end up hard again," he said.
"Good. Then you can tell me how you want me to use my hand again." He pinched my nipple and rolled it between his fingers. "Damn period," I grumbled, aroused and unsatisfied, a heaviness between my legs.
"Let me cum on your tits this time," he whispered into my hair. "Let me, Brinna, please?"
"Zach," I whispered back, pressing my ass against him while I arched my back to press my breast into his hand. "Next week, you're going to learn to use your hands and mouth on my pussy. But this week is all for you."
His hand squeezed me firmly, then he moved away from me a bit, pulling me onto my back. He slid down and took one hard nipple between his lips, using his hand to toy with the other. By the time he had spent a few minutes lavishing attention on each of them, I was breathing hard and he was pushing his erection against the side of my thigh.
I gave him the handjob as he directed, also trying out a few different moves of my own, for him to decide what felt best. His eyes smoldered, and he became more confident as we talked and stroked each other. He had lasted at least half an hour, with only two short breaks to catch our breath, when he rolled me onto my back. He rose to his knees and straddled me, pushing my hands away. He took his erection in one hand and braced himself above me with the other.
"My week," he mumbled, and began to pump his fist rapidly up and down his hard prick. "Cumming for you, Brinna." He sucked his bottom lip as I listened to the wet sound of his hand working over his well-lubed cock.
"Come on then, Zach. Cum for me. Cum on my tits. You said you wanted it." I laid my hands on his thighs while he hovered over me.
He uttered a harsh grunt as he released his second load of the day. I watched as the hot liquid splashed across my chest, while Zach's eyes locked on my cum-covered nipples. He made soft, wordless, sounds in the back of his throat as he finished his task. Then, still holding his cock, he collapsed beside me in a heap.
"You have me so worked up, I may die of lust before my period ends," I told him.
"Please don't die before Thursday," he said, and we giggled and snorted like idiots.
Later, Zach and I parted with the promise to see each other again Thursday, and I smiled a little at his reluctance to go. His eagerness was ultimately going to do a lot to overcome his shyness.
To be continued
Special thanks to my editor for this chapter, Andyinoz, and to nycreader for the extra help with post-editing on Ch. 1 and Ch. 2.