My suitcase thumped as it landed on the bed. Olivia, still awkwardly shuffling hers through the door, whistled.
"Not bad for the price. I was expecting something a lot more cramped."
"Honestly, me too. Especially considering it's not a suite or anything," I replied.
The room was, in truth, unremarkable. Olivia and I had chosen a room with two twin-beds, two desks, and a nightstand for each of us. We were only going to be there three nights, so comfort was secondary to cost.
Olivia and I were in Salina, Kansas. We had been sent there to oversee the onboarding process of new account managers. In short, we were glorified hand-holders. We'd spend the working hours letting the up-and-comers barrage us with questions and then fill out a report at the end of the day. We were both mid-level managers for Ocean Express, a shipping company specializing in glassware, so we got saddled with the trip.
In truth, I got stuck with the trip, and Olivia offered to join. I didn't mind the company, and Olivia tagging along meant that our daily budget doubled. Olivia was also the one who suggested sharing one room, unbeknownst to our bosses. She had pulled me aside a few days before we left, her eyes shining with mischief, and suggested that we could spend the money meant for the extra room on some upscale dinners and drinks. I decided that I wouldn't mind a taste of the good life, even if it's just for a few days.
Olivia let the door slam behind her, shaking me from my thoughts, and plopped onto the bed closer to the door; she was doubled over, worrying at her sneakers.
"Since you already took the window bed while I was struggling with my suitcase--thanks for the help by the way--I'll take this bed."
Even though she was bent at the waist, I could see the smile on her face.
"Sounds like a plan. And, you're welcome," I said, crossing the room to hang up my clothes. "What do you say we get changed and check out the bar downstairs?"
"It's three in the afternoon! Are you thirsty already?" She had reclined back on the bed.
"They serve food too. I'm not talking about drinks yet. How's the bed?"
Olivia shrugged, "Not bad. I've had worse, but I've definitely had better. Let's go down in an hour maybe? I want grab a shower. I always feel nasty after being on an airplane."
"That's fair. I'm just gonna shower later I--ough ough!" My sentence was cut short by a coughing fit.
Olivia seemed taken aback.
"You good?"
"Yeah, just stuffy I guess. It happens when I fly."
"Alright. But if you get sick, I'm locking you in this room. Emily would kill me if I brought something back from this. Plus, she's a drama queen when she has even a cold. I don't want to deal with it."
"Don't worry I won't give you anything. Now get in the shower already I'm starving."
Olivia flipped me the bird as she went into the bathroom. I finished unpacking, which was really just putting my underwear in the nightstand drawers. I decided against getting changed; sweats and a tee were good enough for an early dinner. Besides, I'd be in business wear for just about the rest of our time here. I opened the window and marveled at the pathetic view we had. Our room was overlooking the hotel parking lot, and the building was completely fenced in by other, presumably better, hotels.
I heard the shower stop running, and seconds later Olivia was walking out of the bathroom wrapped in a white towel. Her raven hair was matted with water and clung to her shoulders in thick locks. The towel was just too small to comfortably cover everything. It only reached to about halfway down her thighs and, if not for her clutching it at her chest, would barely wrap around her breasts. I was stunned at first, but I tried my best not to stare. The last thing I wanted was to be sharing a room with a woman who was convinced I was a pervert.
"Oh you just have to see this view," I called, turning around to the window as to take my eyes off her body.
Olivia crossed the room and stood by my side. I became even more aware of her body; I felt my cock shift in my pants.
"No way!" She cooed, sarcasm seeping into her voice. "We can see the whole parking lot! Is that a dumpster?"
"You better believe it. And look! There's someone carrying a suitcase to their car!"
"This place really has everything huh?" Olivia put her hand on my shoulder as she spoke.
Her touch sent a shockwave through my body. Seeing her in a skimpy towel had gotten me more worked up than I realized. I felt my cock shift even more and I began to get earnestly hard. Luckily, Olivia stepped away before she had a chance to notice.
"Can you close the curtains? I don't feel like flashing whoever is in the upper floors of those hotels."
"Yeah," I croaked.
I closed the curtains and took the chance to check out how much my erection was showing through my sweatpants. My cock was pushing against the fabric. Although you couldn't make out every detail, it would be hard to miss. I doubted that Olivia would judge me or even check--after all, she was the one in a little towel--but I didn't want to take the risk.
"How's this gonna work?" Olivia asked.
"How's what gonna work?"
I was stuck; I had no choice but to turn around. Olivia's clothes were laid out on the bed, and she was standing awkwardly next to her bed.
"Getting dressed, duh. I'd go in the bathroom, but I'm not putting my clothes on the wet floor."
She was clutching the towel a little looser, which showed off the beginning of her cleavage. This did nothing to help my erection; I felt it jump in my pants.
"I don't know. I could turn around, and you could cover up the good bits fast."
Olivia shrugged, and the towel slipped just a bit more.
"Whatever. If you try and peek though, I'll smother you in your sleep."
She pointed an accusatory finger at me during. The threat was somewhat diminished by the panties she had picked up; they dangled off her fist and wagged as she pointed. I tried to hide a smile and failed.
"You just remember that," She said, smiling herself. "I'll do the same for you. You won't catch me trying to get a look though."
Ironically, her eyes darted down to my crotch as she spoke. It was maybe half a second, but I could feel her tracing my bulge. It sent my heartrate skyrocketing. For whatever reason, I wasn't embarrassed. Instead, I was turned on by the fact that she had checked out my erection. I wanted her to keep looking, to let go of her inhibitions, to admire my body the same way I had admired hers. I shifted my weight, trying to push my cock just slightly more in front of me. She had already taken a look; now, I wanted to push the envelope.
"Alright, I'm getting cold. Turn around."
I did so. The sexual thrill of showing myself to Olivia had to be tempered. This was a work trip first and whatever else it would evolve into second. I felt myself soften slightly at the sobering thought of any workplace ramifications of my little exhibitionist kick.
"Done," Olivia called.
She was standing in her bra and panties, shimmying a sundress up her legs.
"Mostly done," I said.
"Mike, listen. You said cover the good bits and that's what I did," She teased, looping the straps of the dress over her shoulders. "Besides, are you complaining?"
"Not at all." I put my hands up in a mock offended gesture. "I feel underdressed now. Should I change?"
"Just some jeans should be fine. I don't think tight sweatpants really screams upscale."
"Good point. They're not that tight though."
"They look pretty tight to me," she rebutted, sparing another glance at my turgid cock.
This made me start to stiffen again.
"Whatever, whatever. Turn around."
Olivia turned around, facing the wall and fussing with her earrings. I didn't bother to face away from her at all. I turned to the side and dropped my pants. I always wear boxer-briefs. This pair, in particular, left little to the imagination. If Olivia turned around she could see every inch of my prick. The thought was, of course, only making my cock strain more against the fabric.
I was pulling my jeans up my legs when I began to have another coughing fit. I leaned onto the bed, hacking and wheezing. When it passed, I saw Olivia had turned around and was gawping at me.
"What happened to not peeking?" I asked. I was still pulling my pants up, but slowly. I was sent right back into my exhibitionist fantasy, and I wanted to make it last.
"I thought coughing was your signal," She said, a smile was creeping along her face and her cheeks were blushed. "You're covered up anyways, mostly."
She was staring now, just as I'd wanted. My heart was hammering as I pulled up my jeans and zipped them closed. I tried to move as deliberately as I could; I didn't want her to notice how badly my hands were shaking from the excitement. Her eyes left my crotch and traveled to my face.
"That's true. I was just changing my pants."
"Oh," She waved her hand. "It's just your boxers, who cares? It's no different than me being in my underwear. You don't even have to warn me."
My heart skipped a beat at that. I was planning on taking full advantage of that. If she wasn't going to raise any qualms about me standing practically naked in front of her, then I wouldn't either.
"You ready? You're the one that was giving me attitude before."
"Yeah, let's go."
Lunch was uneventful. The time was spent mulling over our upcoming days and lamenting how we were the ones that got stuck with the unenviable responsibility. Whatever sexual tension the two of us had created seemed to stay within the confines of the hotel room. Downstairs in the bar, we were two typical, if not a bit more amiable than most, coworkers. As the paltry crowd that had filtered into the bar began to disperse, Olivia beckoned me closer.
"Check this out," She said, reaching into her purse. "I spoke with Mazur before we left, and he agreed to give me my meal budget in cash."
She waved a wad of bills at me as if to accentuate her point.
"Why?"
"I don't know about you, but I'm using this trip to cut loose a little bit. Yeah, I'll still show up on time and do my job. But come night time, I'm enjoying myself."
She tucked the cash back inside of her purse.
"No, that makes sense. I mean why even bother getting it in cash? We both have company cards."
"Because," She started. She was letting a goofy grin spread across her face. "If we rack up serious damage on the card and Mazur or Singh see we spent our meal budget on booze, they're gonna think you and I are alcoholics. I don't need that little detail showing up at work or at home."
"So, you're admitting you're an alcoholic?"
"No!" She exclaimed, letting a friendly punch fly. "I'm just saying if Emily hears I was out stinking the bar up with you on company time, she'd kick me out before I could even open my mouth."
"My lips are sealed. You're buying the drinks then." I gave the bartender a nod. "I'm feeling a mojito, you?"
"What are you on a diet? I'm getting a white Russian."
The first round of drinks was spent teasing each other over our drinks of choice and gossiping about our bosses and fellow employees. Singh got most of the jibes. When we reached the end of our cocktails, we decided to switch to something lighter: wine. Still, our inhibitions were diminishing the more we drank. Olivia let a few ribald jokes slip, though they were nothing too bawdy. I was tempted to joke back in the same way, but thought better of it after the display I had put on back in the hotel room.
Towards the end of our second round, Olivia leaned closer to me.
"I forgot to tell you, Emily has no idea that I'm sharing a room with you or that I'm going to be drinking like a fish." She threw the rest of her drink back.
"Between Mazur and Emily why all the secrecy?"
"Well, Mazur I already explained. Emily, don't get me wrong I love her, she just isn't a fan of drinking. I don't think she would mind us sharing the room, separate beds and all that. Besides..." She waggled her left hand at me, showing off the simple wedding band.
The bartender came back over with the bottle and topped off Olivia's glass. I drained mine and gestured for a refill, not wanting to be outdrank.
"What did you tell Hailey?" Olivia asked.
I wagged my left hand. There was a ring of pale flesh on my finger where my wedding ring had been.
"And you were giving me shit for being secretive. When did you guys split?"
"I wasn't giving you shit; I was just teasing you. And we split about three months ago. It didn't seem important to talk about in the office."
Olivia pouted. "I'm sorry. Do you want to talk about it?"
"Not really. Besides, there isn't much to talk about. If we were right for each other, we wouldn't have gotten divorced. I guess you're not the only one that's here to blow off steam. I'm glad I've got a drinking buddy now." I winked at her over my glass. "Emily really doesn't like you drinking?"
"Bah, it's just a sore spot for her. It's better if I don't drink anyways--healthier. I'm happy not to when I'm home. But every now and then, I just need to cut loose. She won't scream at me or anything, but she still gets a little cagey when I come home drunk. It's better for both of us if I just keep it under wraps."
After another round, I noticed color creeping into Olivia's pale cheeks. It gave her a sultry, inviting look, and reminded me of how she had blushed a few hours earlier. I, now becoming good and honestly drunk, decided to push the envelope just a bit.
"So, I was wondering," I started; Olivia's eyes perked up. "Why is it that Emily wouldn't mind us sharing a room?"
Olivia laughed; she must have been expecting the question.
"Her and I, we have an agreement." She left me in suspense.
"Go on," I prodded.
"I like to blow off steam by drinking, and she blows off steam by having a night out every once in a while."
I gave her a puzzled look.
"She gets on Tinder or Bumble or something and, you know, goes out." She accentuated the words.
"But I thought you two were... you know."
"Lesbian? Jesus, Mike. You can say the word it's not a slur."
"Alright, Alright. I'm just not used to talking about it that's all," I said, feeling my own cheeks begin to redden. "You're okay with her nights out?"
"Of course, I just gave her one rule and..." She paused. "I shouldn't be telling you this."
There was a smile on her face that told me otherwise. She wanted to tell me, but she wanted me to push her just a bit; she was enjoying the buildup.
"Oh, come on! It was just getting good. Here I thought you were opening up to me. I'm hurt," I teased. I put on an exaggerated pouty face, trying to make her laugh. It worked. Though, another coughing fit overcame me.
"Fine, fine, fine. Don't hack up a lung over it," She paused to finish her drink. "She can have her nights out, so long as she's honest about them. She gives me the details and sometimes..."
Olivia paused as the bartender refilled her glass. I, so enrapt in her story, didn't notice him until he began to pour. Olivia took a drink and a heavy breath, bracing herself for what she was about to tell me.
"Sometimes--well, most of the time--she sends me a picture or two of it."
I was stunned. It was not so much what she had told me that took me aback. Rather, it was who was involved. Olivia's cheeks reddened even more, and she buried her face in her hands, laughing.
"The look on your face! Don't ever tell a soul about that!" She was pointing at me. Her eyes had taken on a bold, daring cast. Their crystal blue had transformed, somehow, into a stony icy gray. That, or it was because of the wine I had drunk.
"I won't, I won't," I replied, peeling my eyes away from hers. "Sorry, it just took me off guard. I never would have guessed that's what you're into. Can I ask details?"
"Yeah, fuck it. The cat's out of the bag."
"So, she's not lesbian?"
"No, she still is. It's just... Look at it this way. Vegetarians still get the urge to eat a steak every now and then, right? Well, she likes to eat steak way more often than I do. So long as she stays within the rules that we set up, who cares if she indulges herself once in a while? So long as she's only doing it with men, I can live with it. Other women are off limits."
I took this in with, I hope, grace. I was surprised at the ease with which she approached the topic. It was neither shocking or taboo to her. I was also amazed at how a coworker with whom I had had a close relationship with, albeit not sexual, was divulging her wife's extracurricular lays.
"So, what about you? Do you ever get in the mood for steak?"
"Pfft, you really think that line is gonna get you laid tonight?" She smiled as she poked fun at me.
"No, I don't. Besides, I closed the book on you a long time ago."
It was her turn to act stunned. Her face lit up in a broad grin; her eyes went wide with surprise.
"And what is that supposed to mean?" She asked with a mocking glare.
"When you first started working in the office, I was still with Hailey. I thought you were more than good looking, but between my wife and your...diet it wasn't gonna happen. So, I never really thought about it."
Olivia leaned back in her chair, giving me an appraising look.
"You're telling me you never thought about it once?"
"Oh, I've thought about it more than once, but I just never pursued it. Speaking of, how long has it been since you... ate steak?"
Olivia chuckled to herself.
"You don't have to be cute," she said. "The last time I slept with a man was over eight years ago. I haven't really had the urge. What Emily sends me takes care of any urges I might get."
I turned away, biting my lip and smiling. I could see Olivia staring at me out of the corner of my eye. She saw the look on my face and wanted to pry.
"What?" She gave me a playful shove. "Spit it out!"
"I'm just wondering... I shouldn't ask. I don't want to offend you."
"Oh, just ask it! We've crossed enough lines already."
"What exactly does she send you?"
The bar was beginning to fill up. We had spent close to four hours there--the last two of which were spent drinking. Olivia peered around.
"Why don't we get a bottle for the room, and I'll tell you up there?" She waved the bartender over.
I felt a surge of excitement rush through my body. We had come down to the bar and left whatever sexual tension behind in the room. Now, we were bringing a whole new level of tension back with us.
The bartender handed us our bottle and two glasses, and we called the elevator. I began to have another coughing fit as we waited.
"Are you sure you're not sick?" Olivia asked.
I could only nod in response.
Once we were back in the room, Olivia headed straight to her bed and started rummaging through her suitcase, while I set us up with two fresh glasses of wine. At this point, I was well and truly drunk. By the way Olivia swayed as she untied her shoes, I guessed she was as well.
"So, you were saying?" I prodded.
"One sec, let me just change into sweats."
She had her back to me, and was pulling the straps of her dress off her shoulders. My first instinct was to turn away and preserve some level of modesty between us, but I couldn't resist what was happening in front of me.
Olivia shimmied the dress down her body, wiggling as it came to rest at the arch of her ass. She pulled it off her and she was standing in front of me in only a thong and bra. I let my eyes travel along the smooth, pale skin of her legs. The backs of her thighs culminated in a slight gap, so I could just make out the back of her mound covered by the dark green of her thong. Her ass was two perfect globes that barely jiggled as she moved around; they were pure muscle. Her body was toned and fit, with defined muscles that gave her a sleek runner's appearance.
Her body's effect on me was instant. My cock was straining against the denim of my jeans in a painfully pleasurable way. I wanted to change into something less constricting, though it would be at the risk of scaring her away from any more intimate subjects. Instead of changing, I grabbed both wine glasses and crossed over to Olivia.
She took hers with a surprised look.
"I'm not even dressed yet."
"I thought bra and panties were no big deal," I said.
"How dare you hold me accountable for what I said." She smiled and sipped. "Okay, so you wanted to know what she sends me?" She was pulling out a pair of shorts from her suitcase as she spoke.
I nodded. Olivia's smile had become more rueful. She took a deep breath like before.
"Don't judge her or me, okay? She sends me selfies with--you know--the guy's, um, piece."
"You mean their cock?" I asked, feeling my own throb.
"Yes!" She squealed. She blushed and even deeper shade of scarlet than she had at the bar. "I know it's weird, but I kind of like it."
She had finished putting on her shorts and had decided not to bother with a shirt. Her bra was, to my chagrin, tight. It held her modestly sized breasts perfectly, so there would be no chance at it slipping off. Still, I wasn't complaining. This gave me a perfect view of her flat stomach, and I could just make out the roots of the tree tattoo that was between her breasts. I made a note to ask about it if it was appropriate.
"I don't get it," I feigned ignorance. "Like, she sends you pictures of other guy's dicks?"
"No, No, it's of her with the guy's... cock."
"Like a selfie?"
"Exactly. It's just something that she mentioned having done in the past, before she knew she was lesbian. I suggested doing it cause..." She paused to sip her wine. "Cause it's kind of hot. I like seeing her getting her fix."
I sat down on Olivia's bed. I had no doubt that I looked ridiculous: drunk, massive grin, and bewildered eyes. Still, she sat down next to me. The bed bounced, causing her to lose her balance for just a moment. She put her hand on my shoulder to steady herself, which only made my cock ache all the more.
"Hand me my phone. It's right next to the lamp."
I handed it to her. She began scrolling through her home screen, biting her lip and shaking her head. All the while, there was a grin plastered to her face.
"Okay, not a soul hears about this," she said. Her eyes were boring into mine. They had taken on a glint that absolutely stole my breath.
I tried to squeak out a response; but I was so entwined in her gaze, that I could only nod. She turned the phone my way.
On its screen was a picture of Emily, blonde hair, light brown eyes, and pink, pouty lips that were wrapped around the head of some lucky man's erection. The breath went out of me. I had met Emily once or twice, but seeing her in this light was astonishing. Emily was winking at the camera and giving a thumbs up with her free hand.
Olivia was watching me intently. She had leaned in close to show me the picture, and I could feel the heat coming off her body and smell the wine on her breath. My hand was brushing against her naked thigh, and the touch of her was intoxicating. Between her practically pressing against me and the wine, my head was getting hot and swimming.
She scrolled to the next picture. This one showed Emily in more detail. The picture was taken from further away. I could see the pink rosebuds of her nipples as they protruded from her chest. Her breasts were much smaller than Olivia's, but her body was just as taught. Emily was holding a different man's prick inches from her mouth and mocking as if she were about to inhale it.
"I just think it's so hot. I know that she's getting fucked and used, and I'm at home touching myself thinking about it. I love thinking about how someone is giving her what I can't. I can use a toy on her, but I can't give her the real thing."
Olivia was inching closer to me as she spoke, thought I don't think it was on purpose. I could feel her breath begin to tickle my neck and ear; it was driving me mad. I wanted to turn to her, to grab her, to feel her body underneath my grasp. I thought about how it would feel to lick down her body and taste her pussy. I wanted to release the tension that we had been building since we arrived, but I couldn't. Instead, I sat next to her, my cock painfully hard, and enjoyed the game we were playing. She must have been able to tell how it was affecting me and backed up slightly.
"Sorry, I don't know if it was okay showing you that."
"No," I croaked. "It was more than okay. It was, is, insanely hot."
She smiled, "Isn't it? I just don't want to get you too worked up. That looks kind of painful."
She was pointing down at my crotch. Even though I was still in jeans, the outline of my erection was clear. It ran down my leg and pushed against the blue denim. Olivia was staring unabashedly now, though she didn't seem the least bit upset about my reaction.
"Shit, sorry," I said, vaguely trying to cover myself. "I guess the pictures really got me going."
Olivia laughed and brushed her hair behind her ear. It was a gesture that I found undeniably cute. I struggled to choke down a cough as I laughed with her.
"It's okay. I just don't want you to be... uncomfortable."
"I'm not; I promise. I am going to change back into sweats though," I said, rising.
"Maybe a shower will help you calm down a little bit, and it might help with that cough. You're like a furnace. I'm sweating from sitting next to you."
She had reclined back on the bed at this point. The idea of a shower didn't sound too appealing to me. However, the idea of getting to parade myself in just a towel like she had before sounded too good to pass up.
She was staring at my crotch again as she lazed in the bed.
"Good point," I tried not to sound too eager as I spoke.
I stripped off my shirt and walked into the bathroom. Olivia favored me with an exaggerated wolf-whistle as I left.
The shower did little to help my cough and my arousal. The entire time I thought about the pictures Olivia showed me and how badly I wanted to see Olivia naked. Seeing her in her bra and panties did nothing but enflame my lust. The more I saw the more I wanted to see.
I was tempted to masturbate, but thought better of it. The longer we played our little teasing game the bolder we got. If I wanted any sort of sexual release tonight, it would involve Olivia. I just didn't know how to make that happen.
By the time I was done showering, my head was beginning to throb. I began to question whether or not I was getting sick. Typically, wine wouldn't send me into such a loop. I took a few minutes to splash cold water on my face and tie a towel around my waist. I took extra care to adjust my penis so that it would leave a bulge. Olivia had crossed a bridge by showing me the pictures of Emily, but I wanted to bring the focus back to us and our bodies. Taking a deep breath, I went back into the room.
Unfortunately, Olivia was passed out. She had fallen asleep browsing her phone, a picture of one of Emily's nights out was still on the screen. Deflated, I crossed to my bed. As much fun as I was having playing our little game, this was probably for the best. We were coworkers first, and whatever we were in the hotel room second.
I glanced back at Olivia, checking if she was truly passed out. I hoped that my moving around had woken her up, but no such luck. I untied the towel, taking a moment to bask in the freedom of my own nudity, and pulled out a pair of boxer briefs.
I decided to throw in one last thrill for myself. I turned to the side like I had earlier that day, completely exposing myself. If Olivia woke up she would see everything. My cock was standing out practically straight, still painfully hard from the night's teasing. I lingered a good twenty or thirty seconds, silently willing her to wake up. She did not.
I slipped on the underwear and turned out the lights.
The night was hell. Just as Olivia had been pointing out, I was sick. Between the illness and wine, I was drifting in and out of feverish sleep. When I first laid down to sleep, I had been comfortable, if a little hot. Within the hour I was sweating profusely. I could only toss and turn as fever dreams washed over me in an amorphous, black wave.
After a particularly bad hour, during which I could only lay awake and grind my teeth, I gave up. I threw the covers off myself, grateful for the moment of comparatively cool air. My body was slick with sweat.
There was the slightest bit of light that peeked in from the gap in the hotel's curtains. This lit up the room just enough to let me see the shadowy outlines of everything. I gazed over at Olivia, who was still in the original position she had passed out in. I couldn't see the color of her bra, or the features of her face, but I could tell it was her.
She didn't look as if she was going to stir for quite some time, so I took a risk. I had wanted to strip off my underwear since the first time I had woken up, but I had refrained. Now, safely cocooned in the darkness of our room, I stripped them off. I was not nearly as aroused as I had been earlier, but my groin was coursing with lust. Now that I was completely exposed, I began to stiffen.
I felt myself begin to nod off again, and took a moment to puddle up the thinnest of the bedsheets. I covered only my left leg and aching cock, though they were hardly covered. The sheets clung to my sweat-soaked body, perfectly outlining everything. If morning came and I was still in this position, Olivia would be able to trace every inch of my cock. As exciting as the thought was, I didn't want to risk her sober reaction. I resolved to cover myself later, after I had gotten a modicum of restful sleep.
Some point after this, I woke up to the sounds of Olivia rummaging through her suitcase. I was groggy and far from lucid, but I could make out that she was facing away from me. Her outline bobbed in the thin light of the room. After some time, I saw her head into the bathroom.
I took a moment and checked how covered I was; not much had shifted around during whatever sleep I had gotten. I stared at the thin, yellow light coming from the bathroom door. I only had a few moments to decide what I was going to do. Earlier that day, I decided I wanted to push the envelope, and now was the time. I kicked the sheet off me and lay there completely nude.
My cock was plump but not hard. It lolled back onto my stomach, reaching just shy of my bellybutton. I tried not to think about the prospect of Olivia seeing me like this, as I would quickly reach full mast. Still, my heart thrummed so hard I could feel my temples pulsing. She would possibly see me in the dim light of the room. But if she opened the bathroom without turning off the light, she would see me without a doubt.
She did, however, turn the light off first. I heard the switch click before the door opened. I pretended to be asleep and staved off thoughts of her running her eyes over my body. I heard the muffled scuffs of her feet on the carpet as she went back to bed. They got closer and closer until they were right next to me. I wanted to open my eyes desperately. I wanted to know if she was taking me in. I wanted to know what she thought of my body. I fought the urge.
There was no sound aside from my own breathing. She had walked right between our two beds and stopped. I lingered in my fake sleep, not daring to move at all. Despite my mental efforts, my cock began to harden. I could feel it rising from my stomach, and the thoughts of Olivia's stunned reaction only propelled it. Before long, I was hard as steel.
Then, I heard her get back into bed. The soft squeak of the box-springs signaled the end of my purposeful accident. I dared to open my eyes just the slightest bit, and could see her form lying on its side. I had no idea if she was facing towards me or away from me. Still, I decided to give just a few more minutes of a show before turning on my side.
I reveled in the salaciousness of what had just happened. Olivia's curiosity got the better of her, and she, at least, stopped to look at my naked body. I replayed the incident over and over in my mind. In one iteration, Olivia was touching herself inside of her shorts, ripping her bra down to worry at her nipple with her other hand. In another, she shook me awake, marveled at my body, and asked me to break her years-long dry spell.
I kept tweaking and improving my fantasies, unaware that I had begun to fall asleep. The conscious dreams' edges ebbed away into unconscious dreams. I stopped fantasizing about Olivia, and began to dream about Hailey.
In my actual dream, there was no build up. Lust had completely taken over my mind at this point. I dreamt of Hailey laying between my legs, her orange-red hair spilling over her naked shoulders, sucking my cock. She worked every inch of my shaft with her tongue, using her other hand to stroke the inches that she couldn't get into her throat. It was heaven. Though it had been almost two years since she had sucked me, I could still remember exactly how it felt. She paused only long enough to let my cock slip from her lips and look me in the eyes while she stroked me.
"Looks like you're not being shy anymore," She said and planted a kiss on my tip.
"Hmm?" I groaned.
"I said, it looks like you're not being shy anymore."
That was when I woke up.
Olivia was standing next to my bed, still clad in her shorts and bra, smiling down at me. She had opened the curtains slightly, letting the first fingers of dawn's light into the room. I was completely nude and rock hard. My cock was so engorged it arched slightly back towards my body. Olivia was flicking her eyes from mine to my penis.
How I handled myself in the next ten seconds would determine everything. If I acted shy, she would follow my lead. If I chastised her for peeping on me, she would only retort with harsh words. If I was calm, she would be calm.
I elected to be as nonchalant as I could, despite my excitement.
"Yeah, turns out I am sick. I was sleeping like this." I nodded down at my naked body.
"Oh yeah? Did it help?" She asked. She sat down on the bed by my feet, eying my cock up and down.
"Not entirely. I'm still sick, but this feels better."
"I can see that. It seems like it feels a lot better."
My cock twitched at the way she said that. She followed it with her eyes. At first, she had made some attempt to make eye contact with me. Now, she had eyes only for my throbbing prick.
"This doesn't bother you, does it?" She asked; there was a little apprehension creeping into her voice.
"Not at all," I said and shifted onto my elbows. "In fact, I was kind of hoping we would end up like this."
"You wanted to get naked this whole time?"
The apprehension was gone; now, there was only curiosity.
"Yeah," I nodded. "After you showed me those pictures last night, I was so worked up that it was all I could think about."
"I'm still not gonna fuck you," she said. "But that doesn't mean I don't like what I see."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. Since you asked me so many questions, can I ask you some? This is the first dick I've seen in person in over eight years, ya know?"
"You don't need to ask for permission. I think we're past being shy at this point."
She smiled at that. She had placed her hand on my thigh, just a few inches from my aching cock. I wanted so badly for her to reach just a bit further and wrap her fingers around my shaft. The exhibitionist thrill was keeping me hard, but I wanted to her to feel me now. I wanted her to explore my body the way I had explored
hers in my fantasies.
"How does it feel when it's... this hard? You're twitching."
"It feels oddly good," I said. I took the chance to grab my cock and give it a light stroke. The sensation was electric. "It aches, but its like a sweet kind of ache."
"That felt good, didn't it?" She gave my thigh a gentle squeeze.
I could only nod. I wanted to stroke it again, but this moment had to last.
"How big are you?" She pulled her other hand up near my shaft. The heat radiating off her palm was immaculate. She was inches from touching me. "You're bigger than my hand."
"What do you think?"
"Ten, eleven inches?"
I couldn't help but smile at that. She was still holding her hand next to my shaft. One twitch or movement and she would touch me, however brief it may be.
"No, I'm flattered though. I'm a solid seven inches, maybe seven and a half. I don't know how thick I am."
"It's really nice," she said with an incredulous grin. She had pulled her hand away at this point. "You like to show off, don't you?"
"What gave it away?"
"This." She gave my cock a playful little flick. It gently bobbed from side to side. "Oh shit! Is it okay that I touched it?"
It was more than okay. She had pushed our game further. The little flick she gave me sent my mind reeling. The tension we were building was at a head and she was taking the lead now.
"It's fine," I assured her. "You can touch it all you want, just be gentle."
As if she had been waiting for that exact phrase, she reached her hand forward. Just as she was about to wrap her fingers around my shaft, she paused. My hips bucked with excitement.
"You're sure?"
I nodded.
Her fingers wrapped around my shaft with a curious, gentle grasp. She did not stroke me; she only held my cock and looked closer. She pulled her head in closer to me, giving herself a view of my penis from top down. She ran her fingers up my length and rolled my head in the tips of her fingers. She was offering me the faintest bit of friction, and it was making my cock jump and throb.
In a dainty, listless caress, she ran her fingers down to my balls. She cupped them in her hands and rolled them back and forth before letting them drop.
I watched her face the entire time. She had a look of pure enamor and curiosity on her face. Her gentle, blue eyes followed her fingers, exploring every inch of my aching member. She was biting her lip in concentration, which only added to the thrill I was getting.
"You have a really nice cock," she said, breaking away from her study. Her hand roamed back to holding my shaft again, her fingers just barely meeting one another.
"You have no idea how hot it is to hear you say that."
She beamed at that. She was enjoying the effect she was having on me just as much as I was enjoying be affected. Idly, almost without realizing it, she began to pump her hand up and down my shaft in lazy, gentle tugs. Each one sent a ripple of pleasure from the tip of my penis to the rest of my body.
"I think Emily would really like it. Do you know what I mean?"
"Uh-uh." It was all I could get out.
"Would it be okay if I sent her a picture?"
That elicited another throb from me. Olivia felt it, looked from my penis to me, and smiled.
"Is that a yes?"
I could only nod.
For a few, heartbreaking seconds, she let my cock fall out of her grasp. She reached over to the nightstand and grabbed her phone. She sat next to me again and grabbed me at the bottom of my shaft, just propping up my cock. Her touch was still electric. She aimed the camera of her phone high and was lining up an aerial shot of my penis.
"That's so much weaker than what Emily sent you," I teased.
Her phone let out a click.
"So?"
"If you're gonna do it, do it all the way, ya know?"
She eyed my cock again.
"I don't know if I'm ready to suck one just yet."
I was a bit disappointed to hear that, who wouldn't be?
"You could pretend you are."
"Pretend I'm ready to suck your cock?"
"Well yeah you can do that," I flashed a grin at her. Olivia gave my prick a squeeze. "Hey! Gentle. I mean like the one picture Emily sent you, where she's just about to suck it."
Olivia stared back down at my penis and resumed her gentle stroking. She looked from it to me and bit her lip.
"Alright fine, only cause you're being nice to me right now. Can you take it for me?"
I took her phone and aimed it down my chest as she got in position. She grasped my shaft in one hand and laid her other just underneath my scrotum. She was aiming the tip of my cock at her open mouth and smiling as wide as she could. With shaking hands, I snapped a few pictures. It took every ounce of restraint left in my body to not grab her face and thrust myself into her open mouth.
"It's like almost as big as my face." She giggled as she spoke.
"Do you think Emily'd like a picture of that?"
"Do it."
I pushed my cock forward and laid it across her upturned face. The tip rested just above the gap between her eyebrows, while my balls grazed against her chin. I could feel her breath as it cascaded over my member. I snapped the pictures.
Afterwards, she wrapped her hand around my shaft again. As she pulled it away from her face, a bead of precum rolled from the head of my cock and rested on her nose.
"God, you really are worked up," she said.
"I am. I really want to cum."
"Go ahead. I want you to get some release."
The smiles had vanished between us. Both of us were now focused on relieving the pressure we had both built up. With one last tug, she released my cock. I replaced her hand with mine, and began to stroke.
"Do you want to too?" I asked. I looked into her eyes as I worked my shaft in slow, twisting motions.
"I kind of do." Her eyes were following my hand up and down. "This isn't weird is it?"
"Not at all."
That thin reassurance was all the she needed. She reached behind her and unclipped her bra. It fell away to reveal her modest, pale breasts. Each one was capped with an upwards facing pink nipple, both perfectly erect. Her right nipple was pierced; the ring swung back and forth in an unarticulated swing. Her tattoo was of a tree whose branches interlaced under the swells of her breasts. Its trunk jutted up on her breastbone, ending with a plume of leaves atop her breasts.
"Your tits are perfect."
She didn't reply; she only smiled and squeezed them together for me. Olivia peeled her shorts down, showing the same dark green thong. It was damp from her excitement. She slid it down her long, toned legs. She spread her thighs slightly to give me a better look. Her pubic hair was the same dark black as the hair on her head. She kept it neatly trimmed into a landing strip. Below that, her outer lips were pink and enflamed.
Her fingers trailed down her stomach and came to rest on her mound. Still watching me work my cock, she thrust her middle finger into herself and rubbed her clit in circles with her thumb.
Olivia let out little moans as she played with herself. She was still standing, looking down on me. As she moved her thumb faster, her hips began to rock back and forth with the rhythm. Her free hand was pinching and pulling at her pierced nipple.
I was in awe and began to stroke my cock even faster. After what felt like hours, but was probably only minutes, Olivia sat on the ground and leaned back on her calves. This gave me a perfect view of her pussy. What wasn't covered by her hand was pink and sopping wet. The folds of her inner lips glistened in the rising light. A light sweat had begun to break out on her and the light would catch the droplets and give her an even more radiant appearance.
I leaned forward on the bed. I wanted to look down on her while I stroked myself. Most of all, I wanted to see the look in her eyes as she watched me pleasuring myself. Her eyes were wide and pleading, and she bit her lip in that ridiculously sexy way.
I could feel a familiar tingle in my shaft and balls--I was going to cum soon. My breathing was coming in ragged breaths as I fought my orgasm. Despite the surges of pleasure that radiated out from my pulsing shaft, this moment had to last. I was only able to stave off my orgasm for another minute or so.
"I'm not going to last much longer," I said, edging forward on the bed.
"Me neither," she squeaked between gasps. "Don't hold back. I want to see it."
"You might get hit."
"I don't care." Her eyes looked even more enflamed than before. "I--unnh--just want you to cum."
I began to stroke even faster. If she didn't mind me cumming on her, I was going to. I edged even closer on the bed until I was practically on top of her. Quakes of pleasure shot up my shaft. I felt my cock tense and twitch in my hand. I tried to keep my eyes open, but the ecstasy I was in blurred my vision.
"Oh fuckkk."
It was all I could mutter as I began to cum. With an aggressive throb, I shot a thick rope of cum into the air. It was so powerful, it cleared Olivia's head and landed on the sheets of her bed. I twitched again and spattered Olivia's forehead with semen.
Just as I felt myself begin to twitch and sputter again, Olivia had her own orgasm. She began to rock back and forth on her legs in rapid, aggressive thrusts. Her chest rose and fell as she gasped in delight. I watched as her abs contracted over and over again, and her face contorted into a mask of indulgence.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" She screamed.
As she convulsed in her orgasm, I felt another sputter of cum stream from my cock. It collided against her chin and hung down in an obscene thread. My cock jerked for the fourth time and let out a smaller spasm of cum. It landed just on her stomach and trailed down into her landing strip.
My orgasm began to subside. I continued to stroke my cock, milking out the last vestiges of the incredible orgasm I had just had. Olivia had unfurled herself and lay against the side of her bed, panting and staring up at me. There was a bewildered smile on her face as she watched me drop my spent member.
She looked incredible. Her cheeks were flushed with passion, and my cum trailed down her body. Her breasts were shaking as her ragged breaths rattled her ribcage. She began to laugh; it was a choking, stunned chortle.
"Oh my god."
"I know right? I don't think I've ever cum that hard."
"What? Dude I can't hear shit. My ears popped."
I gave her a grin at that and helped her to her feet. She took my hand and rose shakily. Her legs tremored as she put her weight on them. She stumbled forward and leaned her head into my chest. Somehow, it gave me more of a shock than the orgasm had. I could smell the remnants of her shampoo and the earthy, heady aroma of her body. She wrapped her arms around me, starting to laugh. Everything about her--her warm skin, toned body, soft touch, and gentle way of hugging--enticed me.
She looked up at me, propping her face up on my chest with her chin. Those azure eyes drew me right in.
"I think I can hear again," she said.
"Good. Feel any better?"
"Oh my god yes. I didn't even know how bad I needed that. What time is it?"
I peered over her shoulder at the clock on the nightstand.
"Quarter to six, give or take a few minutes."
"Let's lay down for a few minutes, then we have to start getting ready."
She broke away from my embrace. I watched her glide over to my bed, her ass swaying side to side, and plop down face first. I followed soon after and reclined
onto my back.
"Lie."
"Huh?" She moaned and turned to face me.
"It's lie down, not lay down. You use lie when you're talking about going to bed or something."
"Oh, shut up you nerd."
She gave my nipple a playful pinch.
"Ow! Don't!" I yelled and batted at her hand.
She doubled down and reached over with her other arm. I caught both her wrists and held them in one hand. With the other, I started to tickle her ribs. She flailed and flopped around. But without her arms, she could only roll helplessly.
"Stop, stop, stop!" She screamed.
"Are you gonna be nice?" I asked, giving her one last tickle for good measure.
"Yes!"
"Okay, fine."
I dropped her wrists, and she came to rest on my chest. Her head was nuzzled in the crook of my shoulder. She began to raise her arms again, and I tensed. However, she wrapped them around me and pulled herself closer into my body. As I relaxed, I slipped one arm around her and pulled her tighter.
I knew we would have get out of bed soon; we still had to shower, get dressed, and eat, but I didn't bother to look over at the clock. The world beyond that bed began to matter less and less. I tried not to drift off back to sleep, and failed.
I fell into a dreamless sleep. Looking back, I think that there was no dream that could compare to the reality of what was happening in that room. As such, I could have stayed in that spot for the rest of the day. I had the world tucked underneath my arm, and the sun was rising.