This is another chapter of my attempt at erotic historical fiction. I appreciate the positive comments on the first two chapters of this story. This chapter moves the story into the more recent past. To tell the story as I imagined it, I will have to use two voices: Peter and his daughter Erika. I think this chapter will make more sense if you have already read the first and second chapters of "In the Beast."
The history described in his story is generally accurate although, of course, the characters and specific events described are fictitious. Some real institutions and people are mentioned but, insofar as the author knows and except as described above, none of them ever did the things ascribed to them in this story. Any similarities between any of the characters in this story and any real persons, living or dead, are unintended and completely coincidental.
I encourage comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable. Thank you for reading.
___________________
Peter:
Our daughter Erika graduated from college in the spring of 1968. By mid-summer, she was living with Paul Schroeder in Tubingen where Paul was working on a degree in biochemistry. Her honors degree in economics notwithstanding, Erika didn't know what she wanted to do, other than be with Paul. Trudi and I were not troubled. Erika was a bright young woman and would find a career that suited her. Paul was an admirable young man and we had known his mother Heidi since 1944. Paul's younger sister Anna was also attending university in Tubingen. My impression was that Erika and Anna grew into very close friends.
By 1970, Paul had graduated from Tubingen and was doing post-graduate work in Heidelberg. Erika had, of course, gone to Heidelberg with him. Thanks to a large contribution from Trudi's mother Jenna, Trudi, Jenna, and I now owned our company, which Trudi and I ran. We had persuaded Erika to come to work for us. Primarily, she did due diligence on firms in West Germany, Switzerland, and Austria that we might match with US investors or customers. Erika knew how to read business records critically and she had a gift for teasing accurate information out of the mostly middled-aged men who managed the firms.
In June 1970, I had the unique pleasure of "walking down the aisle," completely naked, with my beautiful naked daughter on my arm to "give her away" to Paul, the naked man waiting to marry her. The wedding was held at the spa outside of Frankfurt owned by Paul's parents, Heidi, and Rolf, so it could be a nude wedding. Everyone attending the wedding had to go nude.
Disrobing was, of course, no problem at all for Erika, Trudi, or me, or for anyone in Paul's family. The nudity requirement stated in the invitations did nothing to deter attendance by Erika's and Paul's German friends. It did limit the American friends Erika invited.
Erika had been involved in a quasi-official nudist group at college. However, her closest friend from college, Trisha Warner, was not a nudist and had, Erika told me, always treated Erika's preference for being naked and her pleasure at being seen naked, as an eccentricity or worse. I was surprised when Erika told me that Trisha and Anna would be her bridesmaids.
I began to wonder whether Erika and Paul had waived the nudity requirement for Trisha at the clothed dinner Heidi and Rolf hosted for the wedding party at a nearby restaurant the night before the wedding. Rolf, who had consumed a bit more than he probably should have, stood at one point during the dinner and proposed a toast "to tomorrow, when we will be in the sunshine without these clothes and will see the exposed beauty of our American guest." That Rolf meant Trisha was clear from the fact he was looking directly at her. Trisha's face turned bright red and she buried it in her hands.
I did not see Trisha the next day until we were ready to begin the procession from the spa's bar/restaurant along a runner laid on the grass to the "alter" (the wedding was conducted by a local government official). Anna stood, naked and beautiful with her all-over tan, a bouquet in her hands being her only covering. Trisha stood next to her, obviously nervous. Trisha provided further evidence for my belief that all women look better nude than clothed. The small patches of very pale skin that highlighted her breasts, pubes, and ass were, well, erotic.
The procession began with Rolf escorting the nude mothers of the bride and groom to their seats. My wife Trudi, at 53, was still the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Heidi, at 50, had gained some weight since we'd met her during the war; but was still a sexy woman.
Anna took Trisha's hand and led her between the nude guests to stand opposite Paul and his best man. As I escorted Erika up "the aisle," I looked at the four nude young people standing waiting for her. I thought that this was how a marriage should begin, completely open and exposed amidst equally nude friends. Although our marriage had lasted 25 years and counting, Trudi and I had been married fully clothed by an annoyed Army chaplain in an office at a US Army Air Force base in 1945.
The reception was also held, of course, at the spa. With Heidi and Rolf's help, we had hired a band willing to perform in the nude and had laid a temporary dance floor within easy walking distance of the bar. Watching Erika and Paul take the first dance, I thought how much easier it must be for Erika to dance nude than in a bulky wedding dress. In, I guess, a small break from tradition, Trudi and I, and Heidi and Rolf, had the second dance. Holding Trudi's bare body tightly against mine, I mused over all we had done since I first met Trudi, with our OSS case officer, in 1942. Trudi broke my reverie by grabbing my bare ass with both hands and kissing me fiercely on the lips.
Although Erika was, and is, every bit as beautiful as her mother, dancing nude with my daughter seemed somehow wrong. Still, it would have been an affront to her had I refused to dance with Erika. When the time came, I tried to keep some distance between our bodies. Erika was having none of that. She put an arm around my bare back and pulled herself against me, pressing her breasts against my chest and her neatly trimmed bush against my dick. "It's ok Dad," Erika said, "we've always lived by slightly different rules." I glanced to where her new husband was standing with one arm around his sister and the other around my wife. All three were smiling and nodding.
As much as I could, I tried to forget that Erika was my daughter and just enjoy a dance with a beautiful nude young woman in my arms. That didn't work.
As I watched Trudi dance with Paul, I was surprised by the intense desire I still felt for the woman with whom I had spent almost every day of the last twenty-eight years. I attributed that, in part, to the fact that I was looking Trudi's perfectly shaped and very alluring bare ass.
I thought that Trudi and Paul would be the last solo dance before the floor was opened to all the guests. However, Anna spoke to the lead singer who told everyone there would be one more "featured" dance. Anna came to me, took my hand, and led me onto the floor. I put my hand on Anna's bare back. She reached back and moved it onto her bare ass. I thought that my wife and daughter had held onto me tight when I had danced with them, but those were nothing compared to how Anna pressed herself into me. This time, I had no trepidation about dancing nude with a stunningly beautiful nude young woman. Anna and I rubbed against each other and I think Anna took pride in the fact that I was partially erect when we finished.
I walked off the dance floor to where Trudi held a stein for me. "Peter," Trudi said, "you realize that Anna wants your body."
"Absurd," I replied. "I'm more than 30 years older than her. There are many fit, desirable young men from whom she can have her choice."
Trudi reached down and wrapped a hand around my still somewhat firm dick. "Those young men you speak of do not have this," Trudi said. "I know how wonderful it feels when that is inside me. Anna wants to share that pleasure."
I wanted to end that subject immediately, however, Heidi walked up. In a teasing tone, she said, "Peter, I think my daughter wants to feel the sensations I enjoyed at Tegernsee during the war." This was making me uncomfortable. I became more so when I realized that Anna was standing nearby, within hearing distance, looking at me with a smile.
On a somewhat less troubling note, I also had the pleasure of dancing with Erika's friend Trisha. Trudi and I had met Trisha several times before and she had come to the wedding by herself, so it was natural, I suppose, that she would gravitate to Trudi and me. Trisha was also a lovely young woman who, due to her tan lines, drew more male attention, I think, than any of the other beautiful women at the wedding. We kept some distance as we started the dance although we drew closer as it went on. When the song ended, Trisha's breasts were against my chest and our chins were touching. "Going naked," Trisha said, "is nicer than I thought it would be. A lot nicer. I should have accepted Erika's invitations to get naked with her and her other friends when we were in college."
Erika:
Paul and I honeymooned on the Mediterranean coast of France, including some time at a then unofficial nude beach which just a few years later became the Cap d'Agde naturist city. It was a short honeymoon because Paul needed to return to his post-graduate work in Heidelberg.
Two years after our wedding, I thought life could not be any better. I loved Paul and loved living in Heidelberg. My job with Mom and Dad's company let me travel around central Europe at company expense, but I was never more than a few hours from Paul by train. Paul was scheduled to receive his doctorate at the end of the year. Anna had gotten her degree at Tubingen and was going to start on her master's at Yale that fall. I suspected Anna had chosen Yale because New Haven was not far from Mom and Dad's place in Greenwich. Anna had confessed to me that she desired my father. I understood that. After Paul, Dad was the sexiest man I had ever met too. Knowing Mom, I was sure she would be happy to share.
The Marktplatz was, in summertime, tourist central for Heidelberg. Paul and I usually avoided it. However, that day, we were nearby and thought it would be fun to have lunch at one of the over-priced cafes. Back then, I didn't pay as much attention to the news as I should have. I did not know until later than Andreas Baader, Ulrike Meinhof, and others had been arrested a couple of days before.
Paul and I had just sat down at an outdoor table when Paul saw a friend on the other side of the square. He got up and started walking towards the friend, near the vendor's stalls set up around the outside of the church. I was looking at the menu when I heard what sounded like a very loud firecracker. Immediately after that, I heard screams. I spun around towards the square. There was still smoke in the air. One of the vendor stalls was now pieces of wood and torn shirts strewn around the square. Paul was lying on the ground, not moving.
Peter:
Trudi and I typically spent from mid-June to the end of July in Europe. It was always a mix of business trip and vacation. We had boarded our flight at Kennedy blissfully ignorant of any trouble. It wasn't until we landed in Frankfurt and were met outside customs by a very distraught Heidi that we knew what had happened.
We drove with Heidi straight to Erika's and Paul's apartment in Heidelberg. Anna was already there. She embraced Trudi and me as soon as we walked in. It was obvious she had been crying. She told us that a doctor had given Erika something to put her to sleep. We could think of nothing to do but wait until Erika woke up. That gave me time to think about what you are supposed to say to your daughter when her husband has just been killed by a pipe bomb. I still don't know that answer to that.
Erika:
It is stating the obvious to say that losing Paul was the worst thing, by far, that ever happened to me. I was both depressed and furious. I was distracted, short-tempered, and constantly focused on trivial details. In short, I was a mess.
Paul's father, Rolf, had passed the year before, a result, we thought, of his time in the Wehrmacht during the war. We had a closed-casket funeral and buried Paul next to his father. Heidi, my mother-in-law, was disoriented from losing her husband and her son within a year. I was in my own world of pain and could not break out to help her. When the funeral was over, I wanted nothing so badly as to leave Germany. I left Heidi with Anna and went home to Connecticut with Mom and Dad.
Back home, I spent a lot of time with my grandmother Jenna. Jenna had spent the Hitler years in the US, but she had many friends who died in the Soviet occupation of Berlin, fighting in Russia, and in the Nazi's death camps. At her suggestion I found, with Mom and Dad's help, a brilliant psychologist in the City. Over several months, I got some of my life back. A large part would always be buried in Hesse with Paul, but she helped me move forward.
Anna had decided after Paul died not to go to Yale. At first, I thought she was taking care of Heidi, which seemed very drab for someone with Anna's intelligence and personality. However, Anna soon told me that Heidi had needed an institution. Apparently, losing her son so soon after losing her husband was more than Heidi could handle. Anna sold the spa to create funds for Heidi's care and took a job in Munich. Anna was uncharacteristically vague about what the job was.
By the start of 1973, I had recovered enough to go back to work. I was still living at home. Mom's rule that we couldn't wear clothes in the house, and the all-weather pool my parents had installed, made home comfortable. However, I was now ready to get back into the world.
One of my early work trips took me to Munich. Naturally, I called Anna. Anna sounded like she was healing also. When we met in person, she seemed to be the Anna of old.
Our initial reunion was, of course, in a beer hall. We updated each other about our lives. I was surprised when Anna said she was working as a clerk in a federal government office. She was grossly overqualified to be a clerk. I said as much. Anna laughed. "Yes," she said, "my primary job is boring. But you of all people may appreciate my part-time job. I work tomorrow night. Why don't you come and see me?"
Anna told me that her parttime job was as a waitress in a bar. I didn't see what was so special about that, but Anna was a dear friend, so I humored her. Anna told me to arrive around 21:00. The bar was a windowless building a few blocks east of the Isar River. The interior was larger than the exterior suggested and quite warm, almost too warm. There was nothing special about the bar's interior and the recorded oompah music that was playing didn't help my mood.
I took a table. Anna came to wait on me in a dress meant to replicate a dirndl. Anna read my thoughts. "Don't form a judgment yet," she said. "Wait about twenty minutes." I sipped my beer thinking Anna was really going to have to do something special to impress me.
Anna was one of four waitresses. While Anna was undoubtedly the most beautiful of the waitresses, I think most men would have thought all four were attractive.
At the bottom of the hour, the canned music stopped. The four waitresses scurried onto a low stage at one end of the room. A male voice on the PA said that the bar was pleased to present the most beautiful servers in all of Bavaria. Music started again and the women started sort of dancing, although their movements were limited by the small stage. A few bars into the song, the four women grabbed the hems of their dresses and whipped them over their heads in unison. Anna and the other three women were nude under their dresses. They danced nude until the song ended then came off the stage and went back to serving customers, still nude.
Anna came back to my table. "Are you liking my job better now?" she asked.
"Where do I apply?" I replied, mostly joking. "What is the program?"
"We strip off at 21:30, serve nude for half an hour. Then we dress again and work until we strip off again at 23:30. The bar closes at :30 so, depending on how the customers are behaving, we may stay nude the rest of our shift."
Of course, I had seen Anna nude many times before, but I had never really looked at her. I did that night. She had firm breasts with upturned nipples that were perfectly proportioned to her body; a flat stomach; smooth, firm thighs; and, between her thighs, an alluring mound covered with closely trimmed blonde hair. The money pouch she wore over her left hip had an erotic effect, accentuating her nudity. When she turned to walk to the bar, I realized Anna had a really cute ass.
My attitude to the bar improved. I was disappointed at 22:00 when Anna got dressed. I realized I was looking forward to seeing her strip again in an hour and a half. The bar was filling up. I thought about how exciting it would be to strip at the front of the room and walk around nude among the clothed customers. I envied Anna.
The bar crowd was a mix of younger businessmen and university students. A group whom I took to be students at the table next to me got into a loud discussion about Nixon and Vietnam. While their voices were raised, they weren't arguing. All seemed to agree that both Nixon and the war were the beginnings of a new fascism. When Anna and the other waitresses stripped the second time, they stayed nude until the bar closed. I found my eyes following Anna's beautiful form around the now crowded bar.
It was a Friday night, and I did not have to be anywhere Saturday, so I stayed until closing. It was January, so they let me wait inside while Anna dressed and helped close. Anna asked me to come back to her apartment. I insisted on ordering a cab. It was cold outside, and Mom and Dad paid me well.
Inside Anna's apartment, I blurted without thinking, "Anna, I never realized until tonight how hot you look naked."
Anna smiled at me. "Thank you," she said. "Would you like to see it again?" I nodded. Anna stripped naked in her sitting room. She raised her arms over her head, thrusting her hips forward slightly, and asked, "still like what you see?" I nodded again. Anna's smile widened. "Come on sister-in-law," she said, "I've not seen you in some time. I didn't get to watch you walking around naked all night. Get those clothes off."
I was surprised at how eager I was to strip for Anna. Once I was nude, I posed for her with my legs somewhat apart and my arms straight out from my shoulders. I wanted Anna to see every bit of me. Anna looked at me for a couple of minutes before she said, "Erika, you are exquisite!"
Anna came close to me. We looked in each other's eyes. Then, we hugged. Anna put both hands on my ass and I grabbed hers. Our bare breasts pressed against each other. Anna's nipples, and mine, were erect. After a moment, we kissed. Our tongues found each other. I stroked Anna's tight ass with both hands.
I was getting aroused. After what seemed a long time, Anna let go of my ass and took a slight step backwards. She put a hand between my thighs and ran a finger over my outer lips. Then, her finger found my clit. I was wet. As Anna's finger went inside me, she smiled and said, "you naughty girl." I put a hand between Anna's legs and slid my finger into her cunt. Anna was wet too. I pulled my finger out, brought my hand to my mouth, and sucked Anna's fluid off my finger.
Anna took my hand and led me to her bedroom. We lay on our sides on her bed facing each other. We kissed and finger fucked. Anna shifted position so she was lying on her side with her face in front of my mound and hers in front of my face. Anna lifted my thigh, put her head between my legs, and began eating me. I had never gone down on a woman before. I was anxious that I didn't know how. I lifted Anna's thigh and brought my face to her cunt. I'd never been that close to another woman's vagina before and was surprised at how attractive Anna's looked. I probed gently with my tongue. Anna had a unique, exciting taste. I began imitating what Anna's mouth and tongue were doing to me.
Paul and I had loved giving each other oral sex, but I had never received it from a woman. Anna was gentle and seemed to know exactly where I was most sensitive and exactly what to do. As Anna got me closer to orgasm, I had to pull my face away from pleasing her to gulp for air. Anna pushed me onto my back, crawled between my legs, and reapplied her mouth to my cunt. I lost control. My hips bucked, but Anna kept doing what she was doing. My God that felt good! I came once and then came again harder. I squirted on Anna's face. As good as sex had been with Paul, and some of the men before him, I'd never experienced the sensations Anna gave me that night.
By March, Mom, Dad, and I had agreed that I should base myself in Munich. With the railroads rebuilt, it was only a few hours to Bremen and Hamburg, and less to Austria and Switzerland. Naturally, I moved in with Anna. I also learned how to give her the same kind of pleasure she had given me that first night in her apartment.
Anna worked at the bar every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night. I wasn't there all the time, but I went there a lot, particularly on Saturdays. I noticed a particular couple who came in every Saturday. I guessed they were about my age, maybe a year or two older. The man was average height. He wasn't bulky but gave an impression of physical strength. His wavy, shoulder-length hair framed a face that was cruelly handsome. He seemed less likely to seduce a woman than to rape her. Still, there was something magnetic about him.
The woman with him had very thick dirty blonde hair that fell to her shoulders. She was almost anorexic. Her face might have been pretty but for her constant pissed-off expression. Every time I looked at her, I thought "heartless bitch."
I probably would not have paid attention to the couple except, every time they were in, a circle of students formed around them. The students would sit raptly while the man, or more often, the woman appeared to lecture. I also noticed that the students bought the couple's drinks. The couple were always there in time for Anna's and the other waitresses' second strip. Despite the devoted attention of his followers, I saw the man's eyes follow Anna constantly when she was nude. His face at those times reminded me of a hungry animal.
As Anna and I went back to the apartment after closing the bar the last Saturday in April, I asked her about the strange couple. Anna gave me a quick, concerned look before she recovered and said, more breezily than necessary, "that's Georg and Rielke. They call themselves revolutionaries. I think they're just recruiting boys and girls. I've heard they have a house somewhere outside the City where they have interesting parties."
One of the other waitresses at the bar quit in the beginning of May. A university student, she had gotten a new boyfriend who didn't like the idea of her going bare in a room full of men drinking. Anna pressed me to ask for the job. "I love it," she said, "and the way you like to show off, you'd have a great time. The tips are good too, at least when we're naked."
As I said, I had envied Anna the first night I saw her working at the bar. The idea of working nude in a crowd of clothed people was exciting. I let Anna take me to meet Gudrun, the older woman who owned the bar. Gudrun had, of course, seen me in the bar and knew I was close with Anna. She was enthusiastic about hiring me, even when I explained that my regular job took me out of town a lot so I could not reliably work every weekend. Gudrun said, "once word gets out that people can see your body with nothing on, we'll be turning people away from the door. I don't care if you only work one night a month, you'll be worth it." I was, of course, flattered and the job excited me.
Mom, Dad, Grandmother, Paul, and my in-laws were all nudists. I had been going nude around other people, both people I knew and strangers, my whole life. I was more comfortable naked than clothed. However, the first night I worked at the bar was the first time I had undressed solely for the purpose of having people look at my nude body. As our first strip approached, I was scared and excited. The anticipation of exposing myself to the customers brought its own pleasure and stimulation.
As I pulled my dress over my head on the small stage that first time, I felt the air and the lights on my bare skin and knew everyone in the room was looking at my tits and my pubes. I almost came. We gathered our dresses from the floor and walked nude to the bar where Gustav, the bartender/bouncer, held our cash pouches. I strapped my pouch around my bare waist and walked into the room to serve my customers, giving my bare ass a bit more swing. I was disappointed when our nude half hour expired. I couldn't wait to strip off again later that night and hoped we'd stay nude until closing.
I enjoyed working at the bar and tried to arrange my schedule to work as many nights as possible. At Anna's suggestion, I didn't tell Mom and Dad about the job. They wouldn't mind, but Anna thought we would surprise them when they came over in June. Although Anna and I were living together and pleasured each other every night we were together, Anna talked a lot about my father. She was open about the fact that she still wanted to fuck him. I hoped she did. I thought it would be wonderful for two of the people whom I cared about most to share pleasure with each other.
The negative about working at the bar was Georg and Rielke. For some reason, I ended up serving them and their acolytes every Saturday once I started working. Nude or clothed, I could see Georg raping me with his eyes. It scared me to think what he was thinking.
I was opposed when Georg invited Anna and me to a "party" after work on the Saturday before Mom and Dad were due to come. Anna, however, really wanted to go so I reluctantly rode along in their VW bus with a gaggle of their followers to a house in Dachau, north of the City.
It was about 2:00 when we reached the house. Inside, Georg issued the one-word command, "strip!" The eight students who had been hanging on his and Rielke's every word for hours immediately did as they were told.
Anna and I did not respond immediately, which brought a reprimand from Rielke. "You have no problem showing yourselves off naked. Get undressed! Now!" That put me off, but Anna started to undress so I went along.
Georg and Rielke stayed clothed while we and the students got naked. A large, clothed man with a beard, who looked older than Georg and Rielke, appeared from another room with a bag of dope and a pipe. Georg filled the pipe, lit it, and took a long hit. He passed the pipe to a nude girl sitting next to him. She took a hit and passed the pipe on. The pipe went around the group a few times, got refilled, and went around a few more times. Anna and I declined the dope, as did Rielke. However, I was getting some effect from the smoke in the air.
Once the dope was exhausted, Georg unzipped his pants, pulled out an average-sized dick, pointed at it and said "Bette!" The nude girl sitting next to Georg knelt in front of him and took his dick in her mouth. Bette gave a good effort, but I saw no sign that she got Georg off. Finally, he pushed her head away, snarling "enough!"
Georg sat with his dick hanging out his pants. Pointing at Anna, he said, "you are too good to share that ass with me? You only do other women? Ok, do Erika while I watch."
"No Georg, "Ann responded. The man who had brought in the dope earlier suddenly appeared again behind Georg's chair. I was getting scared. I looked at Anna. She shrugged and stood up. I stood and we started kissing and fondling each other. I loved Anna and her body, but there was nothing pleasurable about this.
After a few moments, Georg shouted "more!" Anna lay on her back on the floor in the center of the group. I got over her on all fours with a knee on either side of Anna's head. I leaned down and started to lick her clit. I felt Anna's tongue on me.
Anna and I had only begun going down on each other when Rielke screamed "stop!" "Joseph," she yelled, "get them out of here!"
"I like it," Georg protested.
"Shut the fuck up," Rielke ordered.
Anna and I barely had time to grab our clothes and bags as the big man grabbed each of us by an arm. He ushered us outside the house and shoved us, nude, into the VW bus. I was very scared now. However, Joseph drove back into the City. No one was out at that hour, but I doubted he'd drive into the City to kill or rape us. Finally, Joseph asked "where?" Anna gave him directions to the apartment. Joseph left us standing nude on the sidewalk outside our building at 4:00 on a Sunday. I wasn't happy that someone connected to Georg and Rielke knew where we lived, but we were safe, for the moment.
Peter:
Trudi and I started our summer trip to Europe as usual in June 1973. We had business meetings in Dortmund and Pforzheim, then a couple of days to visit Erika and Anna in Munich before we went on to Vienna. Erika met us at the station on a gorgeous Friday morning. Anna was working but would meet us for dinner. We took a cab to our hotel to drop our bags and went to lunch. We had a light lunch spent mainly catching up with Erika on business and her life. Erika had found three lucrative new clients over the last couple of months. I was proud of her. I was disappointed not to hear any mention of a man in her life, but I wasn't surprised. Paul had only been dead a year.
After lunch, we walked around the City. Munich is one of my favorite cities although, as a Berlin native, Trudi instinctively looks down her nose at Bavarians. In the early evening, Erika left us at our hotel to clean up, making sure we knew where to find the restaurant at which we were meeting Anna.
Both Trudi and I have a taste for genuine German cuisine. Erika and Anna had found a restaurant away from "tourist" Munich that was excellent. Erika and Anna were already there when Trudi and I arrived. I hadn't seen Anna since her brother's funeral. Her tight hug reminded me of her fantastic body. The hand she rubbed over my dick through my trousers reminded me of Trudi's and Heidi's past speculation that Anna wanted sex with me. Trudi had assured me repeatedly that she would be happy if Anna and I fucked. Looking at the beautiful, poised, self-confident young woman Anna had grown into, I found myself hoping that we would.
Dinner was about catching up with Anna. Trudi and I had known Heidi, Anna's mother, intimately. We were sorry to learn that Heidi's dementia was such that she no longer recognized Anna. We also learned that both Erika and Anna had second jobs. I wasn't upset. Erika's work for our company was exemplary. However, I was perplexed why they wouldn't tell us what the jobs were.
Trudi and I spent Saturday day calling on some friends we had developed during our post-war years doing business in West Germany. Around 9:00 p.m., a cab dropped us at the address, east of the Isar, which Erika and Anna had given us. It was a bar called "Bavarian Angels." Ok, the girls worked part-time at a bar. What was so mysterious about that?
Trudi was overtly unimpressed when we went inside. I rather liked the place as it reminded me, some, of some hole-in-the-wall bars I had frequented in college and law school. Erika came up in a dress meant to look traditionally Bavarian. "Don't form any opinions for, at least, half an hour," she said. We found an empty table and Anna, seeming gleeful, waited on us. At least the beer was good. I could ignore the music.
My curiosity rose when Erika, Anna, and the two other servers lined up at one end of the barroom. Trudi shrieked with laughter and slapped my shoulder when the girls pulled their dresses off. Nude except for straps around their waists which held pouches on their hips, Erika and Anna came to our table. "What do you think?" Erika asked.
"I think I wish I was still young enough to do that," Trudi replied.
It had been some time since I had seen either Erika or Anna nude. Both were exceptionally beautiful young women. I looked at Trudi and then back at the girls. I was surrounded by the three most beautiful women alive. "I approve," I said. "Can Trudi make a guest appearance?"
We ended up staying until the bar closed. Trudi, being more outgoing than I am, got into a conversation with the couple at the next table. They were impressed to learn that Erika was our daughter and astounded to learn that she, and we, were American. It was the woman of the couple who said, "Your daughter is so beautiful nude she should never wear clothes."
The man gallantly added, "I'm sure she gets that from her mother." Well, Erika sure didn't get it from me.
As we stood outside the bar waiting for the cab that would take us to our hotel and the girls to their apartment, Anna said, "You got a good look at us tonight. I want my look at you. Meet us in the Englischer Garten at noon tomorrow." Anna didn't need to say where we were to meet them in the huge park in central Munich. There was a large lawn in the southern end of the park where nude sunbathing was allowed, if not encouraged.
Trudi and I were naked, sitting on a large towel in the park by 11:45. It was another gorgeous day. The lawn was filling up and about 80% of the people were nude. I stood as I saw Erika and Anna approach.
I stood to greet the girls. The girls dropped their towels beside ours and stripped off. Erika looked my nude body up and down, smiled, and said, "I'm glad you still work out Dad. It shows."
Anna added, "Peter, you look so good nude." It is an ego boost to hear that from a beautiful woman thirty years your junior.
We had a great day in the park. Some people a bit younger, I thought, than Erika and Anna started playing frisbee and invited us to join. Not only Erika and Anna, but also Trudi, were running nude around the lawn chasing the flying disk. We had a few beers from a vendor pulling a wheeled cart. We even braved the ice-cold water of the small stream that ran alongside the lawn. Anna, Erika, and I got into a playful wrestling match over who would get the last beer.
The only blot on the day, which meant nothing to me at the time, was when a couple, both slender with long wavy hair, came through the lawn clothed. They seemed to know Anna and the man called to her by name. I saw a cloud come across Anna's face. She stood to greet them. I was made a bit jealous by the open look of desire which the man showed as he stared at Anna's body.
We stood and Anna introduced us. The woman looked at Erika and spat the word, "you!" The man asked if we were "American." He said that word as if it was the vilest in his vocabulary. When I said yes, the couple walked on without another word.
"Who are they?" Trudi asked as the couple walked out of earshot.
"Bad people," Anna replied with a tone which closed the subject.
As the sun started to go down, we dressed and walked back to our hotel. Erika and Anna had brought changes of clothes for dinner, so we all showered in Trudi's and my room. We had another wonderful dinner together. It was good to be together as a family. Anna was related only to Erika by a marriage ended by a terrorist's bomb, but she was a part of us. Before we split up that night, Erika and Anna said they would be at the station the next morning to see us off to Vienna.
When you stay in an expensive, luxury hotel, you do not expect someone knocking at your door at 3:00 a.m. Someone did the morning we were leaving for Vienna. We sleep nude and it never occurred to either of us to cover up before I answered the door. Erika was non-plussed when I opened the door nude with Trudi standing nude behind me. However, the clean-cut young man with her was, I think, quite surprised.
The first thing that registered with me was the bruise on Erika's face. She had not had that a few hours earlier at dinner. Erika's first words were "Dad, we need to talk, right now!"
Erika and the young man came into the room. Trudi said, "Peter, perhaps we should put something on." She brought two fluffy robes from the room closet.
Erika introduced the man as Iens Pohl. He produced a photo ID which said he was with the BfV, West Germany's security agency. Erika started the explanation. "That woman we meet in the park yesterday, Rielke, showed up at our apartment around midnight with two goons. She hit me and they took Anna. I called the police."
Pohl took over. "Anna Schroeder works for BfV ," he said. That made all three of our jaws drop. "She came to us after her brother, I'm sorry Frau Schroeder, your husband, was killed in Heidelberg. She wanted to help fight domestic terrorism."
Pohl pulled two pictures from his briefcase and handed them to us. "These are the people you met in the park yesterday, correct?" Pohl asked. Trudi and I nodded. "And, Frau Schroeder, you and Anna were at a house in Dachau with these people a week or so ago?"
"Yes," Erika replied. "It was a scary experience."
"I expect it was," Pohl replied. "They are Georg Schacht and Rielke Prien. I would call them aspiring urban terrorists. Georg spent a little time in prison about four years ago for beating up a girlfriend. They are dangerous not because they are skillful but because they are arrogant and, I think, psychopathic. They care about no one, probably not even themselves. Anna's assignment was to get information we and the police could use to put them back in prison. They took Anna. The question for us is why and what do they intend to do?"
"We don't know," Trudi said. "Anna was going to meet us at the station this morning when we caught our train to Vienna."
Pohl thought for a moment. "When you met them in the park yesterday, did you talk to them?"
"Yes," I replied. "The man, Georg, asked if we were Americans. He said 'American' like it was the nastiest word he knew."
"I wonder," Pohl said, "if they are planning something for the train station."
"For whatever it is worth," Erika said, "I got a strong sense Rielke does not like Anna or me; probably because Georg is so open about wanting to fuck Anna."
Pohl thought. "Ok, there is some risk here, so you do not have to go along with this," he said. "I'd like you to go to the Hauptbahnhof this morning. I'll get plenty of police there. If they try something, we can free Anna and arrest Georg and Rielke. If they see you there, they will think things are normal. Will you do this?"
Trudi answered for all three of us: "If it gets Anna away from those people safely, of course."
A few hours later, Trudi, Erika, and I were standing in the platform hall of the Munich train station. There were shops, restaurants, and offices around the perimeter of the hall. These were filled with armed police, including some rather scary men whom Pohl said were border police. We were standing near the northern entrance. Pohl and an armed officer in plain clothes stood a few feet away.
We were nervous, to put it mildly. The three of us kept looking all around the station, hoping to see danger before it hit us. I saw a door into the hall open. Georg shoved Anna through the door and followed. I nodded at Pohl, who had also seen Georg. The officer with Pohl pulled out a hand-held radio and said two words. Police suddenly appeared everywhere.
Georg tried to pull Anna back out of the hall. She shoved him, broke free, and ran towards us. It was only, maybe, five yards. I extended my arm and grabbed Anna's hand as soon as she was close enough. As I started to spin her towards Trudi and Erika, putting my body between them and Georg, I saw Georg pull out a gun. I put my arms around Trudi, Erika, and Anna and pushed them to the floor. I went down on top of them, trying to cover them as much as I could.
I felt the pain in my right hip, it seemed, just before I heard a rapid series of shots. It felt like a bad bee sting. I felt fluid on my right buttock. There was a brief pause, a second or two, after the series of shots before I heard one much louder shot or, perhaps, several shots fired simultaneously. That last loud shot was followed by a long moment of absolute silence, as if the unexpected violence had frozen everything in place. The silence was broken by the sound of a racing motor and tires screeching outside the station. I heard voices, police I assumed, yelling "clear."
"Everyone ok?" I asked. Trudi, Erika, and Anna made affirmative noises. I started to stand up. As I put weight on my right leg, the pain in my ass became intense, almost nauseating. I fell back to the station floor, twisting to try not to fall on the women.