A nearby bar offered amateur erotic dance contests on some Saturday nights that we found to be very entertaining. Women, housewives and girlfriends dance were encouraged to show off their naked bodies for cash prizes. The contests consisted of three dances for a round and 4 rounds with the ladies contests and men's contest alternating striving for 4 or 5 contestants for a final run-off. The audience would "elect" winners by their applause and cheering. One weekend after a couple martinis at home we decided to take in the show and as usual, I urged Barb to compete and show off her damn nice body and with the usual zero success. I love men seeing her as scantily clad as possible.
A late 20s, 125 pound, white pretty wife, 5'7" tall Barbara has long and slender legs and her 32-C breasts has quarter sized areolas with pencil eraser nipples. She keeps her light brown pubic hair bikini trimmed.
We grabbed "stage side" seats and ordered martinis as the bar solicited contestants. Barb surprised me by signing up. We were trying for children and so I figured she was just trying to make me hornier. She wore a front button dress, thigh highs, lacy crotch-less panties and heels.
Barb was assigned to the second round but as the 1st men's competition was ending she was beginning to chicken out. Expecting this , I answered her "I don't think I can do this" with a semi teasing she should save the embarrassment of losing because the first woman winner was good, (NOT) which she reacted with "Oh yeah? I'm better looking and more graceful than her!" God sometime I worship martinis effect. . .
When it was time for her round, she looked at me expecting me to relent but I winked at her and wished her luck. On stage she again looked to me to call her back but I wanted her to be naked for other men to see. The 5 girls stood nervously when the music began then my wife began to dance and unbutton her dress. Several buttons revealed her pubic hair framed by almost non-existent panties and a lot of breast. She suddenly perked up at the applause but then another girl removed her blouse revealing a sheer bra. Barb's dress and sheer panties were suddenly on the stage floor
She came for a drink of her martini, her naked tits jiggling and asked how I liked her "other men seeing me"? I loved it and was hard as a rock and returned the question. She thought a second, said she kind of liked it and was very turned on. I suggested she talk to some stage side spectators on the way back to the lineup. Her clothes were in a pile in front of 3 black men and she stopped a second. I thought they told her they would watch them for her because she left them there. The next dance began and with her naked graceful movement and obvious enjoyment pleased the audience.
Before the next and last dance she talked with the black men and a few other spectators before stopping for another drink. She said they offered to buy her a drink after this set and I held up her martini glass and nodded my agreement.
Leaving the stage as the winner they had her new fresh drink (the waitress asked what she was drinking and I told her 100% gin, a olive-no ice) waiting. The bar encouraged the contestants to stay undressed until the next set so my wife was totally naked with them for several minutes, laughing, talking and sipping a new drink. When she rejoined me she said they had joked a bit and were very complementary of her body and had let them touch her.
One of them was in the men's competition following Barb's win and "Randy" was naked by the second dance sporting the legendary BBC and was only semi-hard. He continually made eye contact with my wife. My wife had gasped when his cock was exposed so I asked how she would like to have that big cock pounding her sweet pussy. She answered it was too big to fit in her but GOD it would have to feel awesome. Then she said he had already told her he would love to come in her. She admitted she was incredibly horny also. As the applause indicated Randy the winner, I told her I would love to watch him come in her. She reminded me of her fertility ("I remember, Honey" and smiled at her) and wanted my baby, not a black one. Randy shortly stopped to chat and enjoy that Barb had carelessly buttoned her dress. I noticed she could not stop looking at his long black cock.
A pamphlet on our table that announced the bar would close after the dance contests and reopen as a private club. Membership was required (IE an cover fee) but dance contestants were awarded complimentary membership for two. The private club allowed considerably more latitude than public bars and hinted that nearly anything goes. Randy explained the "new" club required everyone to acknowledge the new guidelines and the restricted admission allowed them to offer more risqué contests like live sex on stage. One was the contest winners, usually strangers, to be offered a thousand dollars to have sex with each other on stage.
The image of my naked wife, legs wide spread as a black man pounding his cock and cum into her gave me an instant stiff one and she noticed. Certain my wife would refuse, I was surprised she just finally simply shrugged.
Both Randy and Barb easily won the grand prize and all contestants were called up at once to receive the prizes and the MC gave the membership cards to them. During the conversion Barb asked how I would feel if Randy fucked her and I told her I'd love it, especially if he comes in you. She wondered if it was required, I told her, God I hope so, but probably not, but I would bet she'd love that huge cock pounding her to multiple orgasms and I would love those huge nuts pumping her full of sperm.
She giggled and told me "Those huge nuts would probably knock me up, you dummy"! I answered "Yeah, that sounded exciting, doesn't it and maybe his two buddies would give you their sperm. I'd love to see that." (She loves sperm in her pussy!) She said "Really? You would not object to me fucking a black man - or men? The girls at work say black men fuck harder, longer and cum more. That huge cock is sure tempting and honestly exciting." then wandered over to talk with them again.
Among the first contests was a victory dance, Randy had Barb naked in seconds and she undressed him. His hard cock smacked her in the face as she pulled his pants down. She quickly grabbed it and playfully "spanked" it then gave it a kiss and licked the pre-come of the head, generating huge audience appreciation. They also walked away that prize both dressed.
After several events the MC offered the night's ultimate entertainment for the winners of the dance contests to dance or act as erotically as they wished for the maximum prize. Nothing was forbidden but everything must be consensual but the more they did the higher the prize. It started with a waltz and as before he had her naked in seconds. Some couples left the stage as Randy and Barb danced talking for a while. Then they stopped right in front of me and Barb leaned back holding onto Randy's neck. He nudged her legs slightly apart then a little more. He moved closer and sort of squatted between her spread legs and I saw Randy's cock head was slipping between her wet and loose pussy lips. Suddenly he gave a short hard thrust an inch or two his cock up and into my white wife's pussy.
Barb loudly announced "Randy, you cannot fuck me, I am fertile and not on birth control. Oh take it out!" but her hips were ever so slightly twitching towards his. The audience then began calling for him to "shove it all in her" or "Yeah, knock her up!" Ignoring her feeble protests, and seeing my "thumbs up" Randy thrust several times until 5 or 6 inches slipped into my wife's very wet pussy. "Oh Randy, I told you not to put it in," my wife cried plaintively. Randy grasped her ass and lifted my wife, she wrapped her legs around hips and he humped 3 or 4 times, getting deeper into her unprotected fertile pussy. With his hands helping, my wife slipped up and down on his cock and said to me "Oh God, He is deeper than you have ever been, it is terrific! Come on and FUCK ME!" she screamed.
From somewhere a round and slowly revolving "bed" had appeared on stage and Randy carried my wife to it and he lay on his back with Barb astride and still impaled on his cock. There seemed to be a device overhead and apparently Randy told her to grab it and use it to ride up and down his cock. Very soon it looked like all 9 or 10 inches was deep inside my white wife and the revolving platform gave everyone a clear view of her pussy lips grasping and sliding up and down his shiny black cock. Then Barb swiveled around and faced the audience. With her knees wide apart I (and everyone) had a clear view of her expression of please as she her pussy lips dragging along his black cock until he almost came out, then she dropped down engulfing all 10 inches. Soon Randy was thrusting up on her down strokes and their speed increased.
Suddenly Randy cried he was about to cum and warned Barb she should pull off him. My wife just nodded. A few hard stokes later Randy shouted "NOW!" Barb let go of the handhold and dropped hard onto Randy, burying his cock to his pubic bone inside her and Randy cried out and moaned in ejaculation ecstasy. My wife looked me in the eye as she cried out "MY GOD I can feel him coming inside me!" and had a quivering orgasm.
Several minutes later, even when their spasms had abated, Barbara was still sitting hard on Randy preventing any cum to escape. She asked, "Can you go again?" He replied not for 15 or 20 minutes "but my buddies sure can!" Barb looked at the two black men and asked Randy what the extremely black one's name was and said, "Jamal, would you like to come in me also?"
He came to her, clothes flying in every direction and she rolled over onto her face and knees with her ass and sperm drooling cunt in the air. Huge globs of sperm flowed out of her as Jamal slipped his big pre-come drooling cock into my wife and we had a clear view of a black cock slamming deeply in and out of the white woman on the stage.
Jamal's bigger and much blacker cock was slamming in and out of Barb upturned and offered pussy when he grabbed her hips and yanked her back hard. She screamed with pain as Jamal very likely penetrated her uterus and then flooded it with more impregnating sperm as she announced again that fertile black sperm was "knocking me up, OH keep coming in me!"
Lionel, the third friend rolled Barb onto her back as soon as Jamal's cock was out of her. With her legs wrapped high on his hips, the view was not as good but the action and sounds left little doubt my wife was intensely loving this black cock as much as the first two. Lionel was apparently so horny he fucked her hard for like 4 minutes before dumping his nuts inside her also. We, the entire audience, could see sperm being forcefully forced out of her cunt even as it tightly gripped his cock
The applause and cheering was deafening as they lay locked and resting. Slowly her arms and legs fell to the bed and Lionel slowly got up. Her legs were spread wide apart and the revolving bed gave everyone a very clear view of the copious flow of sperm from her stretched open pussy.
The MC knelt beside my panting naked well fucked wife and discovered this was not only her very first black cock but her first gang bang too. When she announced that she is probably black pregnant he told her if by some chance she was not, to return in next month and with advanced notice would have "some black men breed you again." She coyly asked if she could come back anyway. Then sitting up she took the mike from him, "Honey, It looks like you enjoyed watching me being fucked and maybe knocked up by black men, but I think I did more. So, Randy, Jamal and Lionel, would you like to come home with me, us? Naturally I want you all to come in me to assure I am truly black pregnant!" and the audience again noisily approved.
After cleaning up and getting their prize money she gathered her abandoned clothes and handed the bundle to me, then climbed into the back seat of their car with Lionel and Randy. When both cars arrived at our apartment complex, she led us to our 1st floor apartment. Her naked ivory white body seemed to glow in the security lights as we crossed the lot.
Her new love of exhibitionism impelled her to leave only the very sheer long curtains drawn across the wide sliding glass doors which did a fine job of concealing - nothing. My wife turned all room lights then putting a blanket in front of the glass doors, she teased them with her vibrator then invited each black man to come in her again. Her hope for spectators in the parking lot was successful as at least 4 joined me watching her happily accept at least 4 more black loads.
The next day she told me that she thinks she MAY have miscalculated and her ovulation had already passed. But, with an evil giggle, we can go back next month. The MC told her he could find 4 or 5 different black men "to breed me" or we could invite the guys here again. Then I suggested we do both and she went searching for that slip of paper with the phone numbers.