Things went back to normal until the weekend. The first difference I noticed was when we had sex on Saturday morning. Although the routine was very similar to our usual, almost choreographed sessions, Babs' reaction was different. It was quite subtle, but I noticed her moving a lot more under me, thrusting back against my strokes as my cock delved into her repeatedly.
Additionally, I thought I heard her muttering under her breath a couple of times. I put it down to my imagination, but when it occurred again on the Sunday morning, I knew I wasn't mistaken.
"Fuck me, fuck me harder," I eventually made out. I'd never heard anything like this from Babs, and I found it enormously arousing. At her whispered command, I obliged.
That one little whisper completely changed our lovemaking and, from then on, it never went back. Babs wanted fucking. She'd told me so. And I was only too glad to administer the fucking she wanted.
After pounding into her more violently and less lovingly than I'd ever done, I found her reacting ever more enthusiastically. Fast breathing became low moans. Buoyed with this new-found revelation of my girlfriend as a sex object, I spun things around, sliding underneath her onto my back as I lifted her slight frame on top of me, looking into her eyes and guiding her onto my cock, holding her hips as I pulled her into position.
She continued and I enjoyed her moaning, audible enjoyment of sex for the first time in our relationship. She even started giving verbal encouragement.
"Oh, Oh! Yes! That's...Oh that's so good!"
This was too much for me. Although we'd been together for nearly a year now, birth control wasn't something we did. Babs had tried the pill but it gave her acne and messed with her mood, so she almost immediately stopped. She also didn't like the feel of condoms.
So, until now I'd simply pull out at the point of no return and shoot all over her belly. That wasn't possible in this position, so I eased out of her and wedged my cock between the cheeks of her lovely firm arse, using her to bring me off. My cum went shooting up her back, and she let out a little squeal as several long, warm streams splashed over her.
That Sunday was a good day. After we showered, Babs was in the mood to talk. She'd clearly been thinking things through. I suspected she'd been talking with Julia again, and I added another tick in the 'thanks' column to her liberated friend.
"That was amazing!" I prompted, as we lay naked on the bed, still slightly moist from the shower. Babs looked incredible, skin slightly flushed from the sex and the hot shower, nipples solid and pointing to the ceiling, eyes fixed to mine, wide-eyed and pupils dilated.
"It was, wasn't it? I've been thinking, we definitely need to do that more. A lot more!"
"You'll not get any arguments from me! You seemed different. Yesterday too, but especially today."
"I was going to say the same about you! It was like being with a different man -- a different you, I mean. What brought that on?"
I knew what she meant. Today was the first time I'd fucked her, rather than made love. And she very obviously needed to be fucked.
"I heard you whispering. Telling me what you really wanted. So, I gave you it!" I laughed. "How come you've never said that before?"
"That's what it was?" she smiled. "You like it when I talk like that?"
I nodded enthusiastically.
"I had no idea! I always thought you'd have, you know. I mean, I'm not that experienced."
"I know, that's why I was holding back a bit. You being a virgin and all, when we met."
"You're such a gentleman," she smiled at me lovingly. "And you're right actually, I think if you'd been all full-on from the beginning, it might have been a bit much for me. I feel like I've been eased in gently. But I'm definitely ready for more now."
"More like what?"
"I don't know," she giggled. "I'm finding all sorts of crazy stuff going round my head since..."
I knew what the trigger had been. But I wanted her to say it, for some reason.
"Since what?" I feigned ignorance. She rolled her eyes a little but had a little smirk on her face.
"Since you flashed my tits at your mate from work!" There wasn't even a hint of embarrassment now, in fact if anything I thought I sensed pride than her breasts had been exposed to another man.
I'd already detected that Babs was now getting a bit of a kick out of knowing Darren had seen her topless. Until now, I'd not thought about what this meant, really. But, despite only recently having shot a load of sperm across Barbara's back, my cock made an involuntary jerk as the thought made a bee-line for my libido. I rolled over onto my front to try to conceal the fact that Barbara's interest in being exposed to my friends made me hard. I had no idea what this meant.
"So, what sort of crazy thoughts have you been having, then?"
"Well," she said without hesitancy. "I was thinking - and I know you're going to like this -- I love you having all those snaps of me on your phone. But I know they are pretty tame. And I know you are going to be extra careful from now on. So, I don't see any reason we can't do a few more, maybe some really naughty ones?"
My smile was immediate and ecstatic. She laughed.
"This week, I've been doing quite a lot of research. All those dirty mags under your bed, I've been picking up some tips. Those girls, some of them are really beautiful, aren't they?"
I shrugged, again worried this might be a trick question and not wanting to give anything away. Babs giggled.
"Don't worry, I'm totally OK with that stuff. Like I say, it's been really useful, looking at what they do, all the sexy poses and the beautiful underwear. I think I might be a bit of a perv like you, deep down!"
This was music to my ears. I recalled previous girlfriends and particularly my marriage, where any indication of me finding anyone other than 'her' attractive was almost as bad as having an affair.
Babs disappeared for a good half an hour. When she emerged, my jaw dropped.
She was wearing a red figure-hugging dress I'd seen before. But she wore it like she never had. It was strapless, and her breasts looked like they were fit to burst, I had no idea what underwear might have been capable of creating that incredible sight. The dress was short and stopped ever so slightly below the line of the black, hold-up stockings.
She wore way more make-up than I'd ever seen on her before, dark eye shadow making her deep blue eyes look entrancing and incredible. Her lips were a striking, traditionally sexy scarlet, and her shoulder length blonde hair was pulled into a ponytail on top of her head.
"Wow!" was all I could say. She strode towards me confidently, her black, knee length boots shining in the daylight as the sun shone through the bedroom window. The heels boosted her so that she was able to reach the back of my head and pull my face into a long, passionate kiss.
Even her kissing was different now. In the past she'd have gently sucked and nibbled on my lips. I'd sometimes feel her tongue flitting across mine fleetingly. But now she had her tongue deep in my mouth, feeling around urgently, and responding to mine as I tasted her lust.
We stopped for snacks, and the odd drink, but Barbara was unstoppable. As she stepped out and revealed the next choice of outfit, I could almost taste her excitement. She loved this. That initial reaction as she slipped out of her silk dressing gown and did a big 'reveal' each time was priceless.
I was witnessing something amazing, and I knew it. My arousal was palpable, and very evident in the full erection I sported. I was wearing loose jogging bottoms, and my cock was proudly pointing out at ninety degreed throughout. Her eyes were drawn to it repeatedly, and I occasionally heard her almost pant, my own arousal feeding hers.
Unlike the previous sessions we'd had, which I'd led entirely, the poses Barbara adopted were entirely of her choosing. And I felt no need to offer any opinion or direction, as she did a way better job than I could have dreamed of. I wondered how long she'd spent looking through the magazines. I pictured her flicking through the pages and memorising the poses within.
With each outfit she wore and subsequently stripped out of for the camera, we followed a similar route. We started downstairs, with pictures in the living room, conservatory and kitchen leading to the double doors out onto the garden. Although we were overlooked by one house, we knew they were away on holiday, so we got some superb, sun-lit pictures out there.
Interestingly, she wasn't interested in having our bedroom as the backdrop, she seemed to enjoy the more adventurous setting of the downstairs of our house. My camera also liked that as the ground floor was very open, with natural light coming in from all sides, and her body was showcased superbly.
Once the red dress came off, I noted that a corset, which I'd never seen before, was responsible for that unbelievable cleavage. Other amazing outfits were to follow -- a swimsuit and bikini she'd worn on our recent holiday, her tennis gear and the leggings she wore to the gym. She also did a set in one of her regular 'Headmistress' outfits, which I'd liken to a sexy secretary look. Finally, at my request, she donned wite stockings and suspenders, white stiletto, a tartan, flared miniskirt and one of my white shirts, tied in a knot around her waist.
Each of the sets ended in her either naked, or at least bra-less and knickerless. There was still a touch of class to the set, but most sets ended with some full-frontal nudity, with a couple of shots even showing her exposed pussy lips and, in one, her naked rear in which her anus was clearly visible.
"I'm not even sure I have enough room on my phone to keep all this," I exclaimed. But I wasn't disappointed, far from it.
"I'm sure you'll work something out. You can go through and just keep your favourites."
There was no way I was deleting a single one of these pictures. Each was like gold dust to me.
For the second time today, we had sex. This time was even hotter than the last, as we'd had effectively eight hours of foreplay. Moreover, after this morning's conversation I had been given licence to push the boundaries in the bedroom -- or rather, the kitchen, where we were now.
Barbara's eyes were filled with passion as I pulled her towards me, my cock pushing against her naked belly. She was still wearing the miniskirt, stockings and stilettoes, but nothing else. My hand delved between her legs. Perhaps I shouldn't have been surprised, given what else had gone before today, but I was.
"Jesus Christ! You are fucking dripping!" And she was, her inner thighs sporting a sheen of her juice which almost cascaded out of her as my fingers found their way inside. Bypassing any foreplay, I sat her on the work surface where she'd been chopping onions the other day, dropped my jeans and boxers to my knees and sank right into her welcoming little cunt, her legs draped over my shoulders.
This was very definitely going to be a fuck session. Lovemaking was not on the agenda for either of us. Barbara's face was a sight, her eyes wide, encouraging me to violate her, teeth clenched together in a whorish grimace. It was time for me to push a bit further. I had no plan, but knew I wanted to let her know what was in my head, and I knew that she'd like it.
"I had no fucking idea what a horny little slut you were" I began. Her slutty grimace turned immediately into a beam of delight. "I've never felt a cunt so wet and ready to be fucked in my life!"
"Oh yes! I'm so fucking wet for you."
This was new. The way she enunciated 'Fucking' so deliberately told me she was getting a kick out of talking like this, now that she knew it was acceptable. And that fact that she was so OK with this drove me on even further.
"What a horny little slut you are," I continued. "You spent the whole day dressing up like a total tart and stripping off for the camera. You like me having naked pictures of you, don't you?
"Oh, I do. I so do."
"You want me to get hard looking at you naked, wank my hard cock over you?"
"Yes! Please! I want to be wanked over!"
I spun her around, so she was leaning over the bench and slipped into her easily her from behind. One hand reached around and grabbed her breast, whilst the other used her hair to hold her still as I began ramming into her quite violently now. Her moans became screams. She loved this.
"This is what you've been needing, isn't it you little whore? Bent over the kitchen bench with a big hard cock slamming into you."
"Oh YES, Fuck me! Fuck me!"
I wasn't thinking at all about what I was saying, words were just coming out, and she loved them, so I kept going, knowing I wouldn't be able to keep this up for long.
"You like it from behind. Don't you? Are you thinking about what a dirty little girl you've been today? Thinking about me wanking over your dirty pictures? You like that don't you? Like people seeing your body, getting turned on by your perfect little tits."
I now knew where I was going, and it gave me new impetus.
"That's what started you off, isn't it? Made you so fucking horny. Darren got a good look at your tits. Any good girl would have been horrified. But not you. You fucking love it, don't you? You love that a stranger has seen your tits. He's probably been rock hard since he saw them, thinking about what he saw."
Barbara had never shown any indication that she could climax through intercourse until now, but this set her off. It was incredible to feel her as she began to let go and allow the unbridled pleasure to wash over her, driven by the thoughts of her impropriety. I kept going.
"How much do you think Darren would like to see what you got up to today? What you're doing now? He'd pay a small fortune; I can guarantee it. He'd love to watch you bending over and taking cock from behind like this, and see how much you love it, how much you love cock..."
"Oh, FUCK yes! YES! I fucking LOVE IT!! I fucking love COCK!" She grasped the worktop so hard I saw her knuckles turning white. "Oh, fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME!" I did as I was told. I was desperately trying to hold on. We'd never been here before, Babs climaxing on my cock, and so spectacularly. I didn't want to let go myself until she was done. Luckily, she now appeared to be finished, as she released her grip on the kitchen bench and my cock slip out of her.
She surprised me again by turning around and dropping to her knees.
"Show me," she said, clearly still high on lust and the huge orgasm she'd just experienced. "Show me how you wank over me."
That was certainly something I could do.
"This is what you want? You want me to wank over you? That's why you love getting naked on the camera, isn't it? So, you are permanently captured for everyone to wank over. So, everyone can see what a slut you are.
"Imagine if the parents at the school could see you now. All the teachers who work for you? All the dads? You'd love them to be here now, wouldn't you? All the dads from your school, gathering round you. They've all been looking at your dirty pictures, and now they need to finish all over you, pay tribute to that sexy body. You'd like that, wouldn't you?
"Oh, fuck yeah. That would be so hot."
"Tell me!" my knees were buckling.
"I'd fucking love that. I'd love for everyone to see me naked. Everyone would be rock hard for me. I want all the dads to wank on me!"
Babs was squeezing her perky little tits together to give me a target, and I obligingly smothered them as she continued goading me on.
Lying in bed that night, it was clear that we had experienced a paradigm shift in our relationship this weekend. Babs was a little quiet at first.
"You OK?" I nudged her. She shrugged.
"Yeah. I mean, you're probably wondering who the hell your girlfriend really is, right? All that stuff I was saying..."
I recalled her screaming about how she dreamed about men wanking over her and how much she loved cock. A warm feeling washed over me.
"I never knew you had that in you, true enough. But that's not a bad thing. Today was amazing,"
Babs smiled up at me lovingly. I realised I'd never seen her look at me like that until today. I also felt closer to her than 'd ever done.
"Just mind-blowing," I continued. I never... I mean, I know it was partly me, not testing the water more, but I had no idea you had this in you."
"Nor did I. And you were right, totally. That night, when Darren got a flash of me. It set something ticking in my mind. It was something that's always been there. Julia was the only person I could think of that might understand. Calling her was definitely what I needed."
I knew it. I appreciated and respected Julia more each time she was mentioned.
"What did she say?" I wondered.
"Well, the first thing was she told me not to do anything hasty. Honestly, at that point I might have even finished things with us. I was really confused."
"I've never met Julia, but I think I like her," I grinned.
"Oh, you would, trust me. I've never met a man who didn't. She's stunning, and, well, I've told you about her, haven't I?
"You have."
"Well, yeah. So, she asked me to have a long hard think, about whether some random guy seeing my tits was such a bad thing. And I found myself firstly laughing about it, but then actually getting a little bit flustered. And Julia, being her, well she loved this. She started putting all sorts of thoughts in my head, taking us back to Uni and the things I didn't do, and the things she DID do."
I nodded. Julia was approaching godlike status in my mind now.
"So, yeah, you saw the result today. I feel like we've opened a little bit of a Pandora's box, to be honest."
"Do you want to close it?" I said, pointedly.
She shook her head.
"No. Not at all. There is a little voice in there, Barbara the sensible headmistress, telling me what an idiot I'm being. But it's getting quieter, and the other stuff just keeps getting louder."
"Stuff like dreaming about all the dads wanking over you?"
"That was you! You started that. And now I can't get the image out of my head. You're as bad an influence as Julia. But that's just fantasy."
She paused and looked at me intently.
"Darren, though. That's so real. Every time I think about it... Oh Christ. Do you really think he's... you know..."
"Treasuring the memory of what you look like topless? I do, yeah."
"Judging by earlier, I'd say you find that as exciting as I do?"
This forced me to try to put a whole range of feelings into words. I still hadn't really thought about it myself. But I couldn't deny what my supremely aroused self had demonstrated so unequivocally earlier.
"Yeah. That's all a bit weird. I mean, I know that I shouldn't think about what Darren might think if he stumbled upon some more pictures of you. And I know it's totally wrong to get aroused by thinking about you with another man. Or men. And I know that I shouldn't find the fact that you clearly fantasise about it so enormously exciting. But I'm guilty of all of that."
"That's so hot," Babs murmured.
The summer turned into Autumn. Each weekend we spent the whole Sunday with the camera around the house. Babs surprising me each week with new outfits and costumes which I dutifully recorded her in and out of. As her libido and confidence grew, so did the explicitness of the poses she adopted.
As such, I had regular additions to the collection, having to purchase a memory card for my phone to house it all. I also made sure I was backing up to the cloud, any loss of this data would have been devastating.
Come September, Babs was back to work, and at times things went back to how they were. Early nights, focus on work, little time to consider anything else. But we were having sex more often, and it continued to get better.
One development I enjoyed was she really got the taste for the magazines under my bed. So much so that they were no longer hidden away. There was always one or two on her bedside table, and I occasionally found some downstairs in the living room and kitchen, and in the bathroom too.
When I quizzed her about it, she shrugged and just told me that she thought the girls were really beautiful, and she liked to compare her body to theirs, and get ideas for poses.
The Barbara I was getting to know now was such a contrast to the Barbara I'd thought she was. She was blossoming into an intensely sexual being, and I felt proud to be part of it, and extremely fortunate to be with her.
On Monday evening, she was talking about work, which, once she starts, I find hard to stop. I knew one thing I could say that I was sure would distract her, though.
"So, Darren is back up tomorrow night, he's got his meeting with Martin on Wednesday."
I watched carefully for her reaction. She had, I suspected, been waiting for this for a while. She stopped mid-sentence, and all thoughts of the upcoming OFSTED report were immediately gone. The look said a lot, and I suspect she was looking to me for some guidance as to what this meant.
"What do you think?" she said, gingerly. I knew what she wanted me to say.
"Up to you," I smiled.