The two young delivery boys had hardly finished setting my new living room sectional in place and left when a soft knock on my door announced the arrival of their employer. Kay's red hair was teased exactly as it had been the day before, perfectly framing her high cheek bones, sparkling blue-grey eyes and full pouty lips.
"Morning Allen." She said as I stepped aside to allow her inside.
"Good morning to you Kay." I replied breathing deeply to fill my sinuses' with the aroma of her sensual perfume.
Kay was wearing a white cotton sundress that has an elastic neckline allowing her to wear it off the shoulders exposing her sexy neck and just a hint of succulent cleavage. A pair of heeled sandals completed her ensemble
As I closed the door and turned to Kay she was already admiring how perfectly the sectional looked in my living room.
"This is perfect Allen. I didn't know these apartments had fireplaces." Kay remarked.
"It's actually a propane fireplace. There is a gas grill tank in the storage shed, but I think it's empty. I was planning on taking it someplace to have it re-filled to see how the fireplace looks when lit Kay." I replied.
"Well you'll have to invite me over some evening Allen. It's been years since I snuggled up with a man in front of a fireplace." Kay said.
I smiled and said, "Well sweetheart that's an incentive for me to get that tank filled."
"Speaking of incentives," Kay replied, "what kind does my sundress bring to mind Allen?" Her expression changed to an inquisitive look as I pondered her question.
As I approached her Kay's expression changed again this time to that of a seductive passionate mature woman.
"The incentive I'm feeling is to see what's beneath this sexy dress." I said hooking a finger in the elastic on the outside of her arm.
"So you don't think it's to revealing for an old babe like me Allen?" She spoke.
"First of all Kay, you're hardly an old babe." I replied. "And second I think it reveals just enough to spark my interest especially after the little show you gave me last night." I added as I let my finger linger just beneath the stretchy top of her dress. Had Kay not preformed her balcony masturbation show for me the evening before I would not have been so forward, but she had mouthed the words "Fuck me Allen" to me through my telescope and I was determined to see if she meant it.
"Allen, I turned fifty-seven three months ago, I think that qualifies me as an old babe." Kay replied. "And as for that little show last night, distance may have been my best friend. You may not be as interested this close up." Kay admitted.
Kay is sixteen years my elder, but the effect this sexy wench was having on me was no different than if she was sixteen minutes older than me. I wanted her, and I could have cared less if she was twenty-six years older than me.
"Why don't you let me be the judge of how a close up view affects my interest Kay?" I said.
Kay smiled widely at me as she crossed her arms in front and slid her hands to the elastic holding her dress to her body. I pulled my finger out and watched as she slowly slid the cotton fabric down exposing even more of her succulent cleavage. Her breasts rose and fell slowly with each breath she took.
I dropped my eyes to admire the fullness of her heaving freckle covered tits and the hint of creamy white flesh below a very distinct tan line. I placed one hand on her hip and could only detect the thin fabric strip of a thong riding high over her nicely flaring hips. I wanted to lean in and kiss her full pouty lips, but resisted the urge waiting for Kay to slip her dress further down.
My wait was only a moment as Kay slid her fingers more to the front and lifted the elastic pulling it down over her breasts. She wore a nude colored strapless bra that held her full breasts firmly in place and accentuated her deep succulent cleavage.
My eyes were fixed to that lovely cleavage as she said, "My husband used to love fucking me between my tits Allen. He used to smear them with massage oil and mount me while I lay on the floor. He called it Rocky Mountain Fucking. We used to play this little game. He'd stroke his cock between my tits and see if he could shoot his cum in the cave across the mountain valley." Kay giggled recalling what was apparently a rather open and kinky sex life with her deceased husband.
"I love the feel of a man's hard cock between my tits and the taste of his cum in my mouth." Kay added.
I took her hand in mine and moved it to my now completely erect cock. "Do you mean a hard cock like this Kay?" I asked.
"Ummmmmmmmmmm.... Exactly!" Kay replied a wide smile coming to her full pouty lips as she began stroking me slowly on the outside of my jeans.
I moved my other hand to her hip and slid both around to cup her ass cheeks and pull her toward me. She pressed her pelvis against my erect cock grinding slowly against me as I slid my hands up to slowly peel her sundress further down her sexy body.
"Allen should we?" Kay asked. "We hardly know each other."
I paused for a moment looking into her passionate grey-blue eyes. I could tell from the movement of her eyes she was studying my face. The unmistakable look of an aroused but worried woman staring back at me.
"Kay I've wanted you since the first moment I laid eyes on you." I said lying to her about that. I really only started thinking about fucking this mature tart since she performed her balcony masturbation show for me, but I still wanted her and I saw no reason not to tell her a little white lie about when I started wanting to fuck her.
"I haven't been with a man since my husband passed away Allen. Are you sure you want to get involved with a woman my age?" Kay asked with a more worried expression on her face.
I didn't respond instead I leaned forward and kissed her softly on the mouth. A somewhat tentative kiss at first that grew in its intensity as Kay melted into my arms and moaned deeply as I kissed her more passionately.
"Does that answer your question Kay?" I said as we broke our first kiss.
Oh god Allen I've missed that feeling so much." She responded. "It feels so good having a man kiss me sexually again." Kay added.
Kay's lips are soft and full, and as I leaned forward again she parted them slightly offering me her tongue that I gladly accepted. Our mouths joined in a deeper searching kiss, tongues intertwining and dancing passionately over one another. Her deep throaty moan let me know she was feeling something else she'd been missing also.
Kay's skin is incredibly soft, no doubt from countless applications of lotion, and my fingertips began exploring every inch of exposed flesh they could find. I moved my hands to her sundress and slid it the rest of the way down her sexy body. She stood before me and allowed my eyes to drink in the vision of her loveliness. Her nude colored thong and strapless bra the only things keeping me from enjoying every inch of her body. Kay's full ripe breasts rose and fell within the confines of her bra with every breath she took. Her succulent cleavage begged to be kissed, her flat abdomen and petite belly button a sexy interlude between her ripe tits, flaring hips and soft thighs.
"Take your clothes off Allen." Kay said.
I stepped back and pulled my sport shirt over my head tossing it aside. Kay let her eyes roam over my chest as my arms dropped again to my sides. She tentatively reached out and touched my naked chest, letting her fingertips drag down the center toward the clasp of my jeans.
Her free hand moved behind her to unclasp her bra and as the fabric lost its grip of her breasts she moved her other hand to hold it in place.
"My tits sag a little Allen." She said almost as a warning that she thought I'd be disappointed in her breasts.
I reached out and softly grasped her wrist pulling it away from her chest. The bra fell to the floor as she looked deeply into my eyes searching for what I supposed would be an expression of disappointment.
Kay's full tits do sag a little, but their fullness and the perfectly round areola and taut little nipples combined with the tri-angle of un-tanned freckled flesh create an incredibly sexy look.
"Absolutely beautiful Kay." I said as I let my eyes explore her naked tits.
"You're not disappointed Allen?" She asked needing me to re-affirm that I thought she was a very sexy woman.
"Disappointed? Kay I'm not the least bit disappointed. You have a sexy body and an even sexier mind. Now stop worrying about things and let me show you just how excited you have me." I said.
As I spoke I slowly undid the clasp of my jeans and began sliding them down my legs. My hard cock strained to be released from the confines of my jockey shorts, and Kay's eyes were instantly fixed on the bulge in my shorts.
I stepped out of my jeans and moved closer again to the sexy redhead standing all but naked in front of me. Her eyes sparkled as she smiled widely and then slowly closed as my hands moved to softly caress her full breasts.
Kay cooed softly, "Oh god Allen I've waited so long to have a man touch my tits like that again."
I let my hands slowly move over every part of her tits. From the soft fleshy orbs to the taut little nipples my fingers explored her heaving breasts. Kay moaned over and over as my hands gently massaged her.
"Let's get comfortable on my new couch Kay." I suggested. I took her delicate hand in mine and lead her around to the front of the couch. I sat before her and let my hands return to her tits lifting one and then the other to suckle her tiny taut nipples between my lips.
"Oh Allen that feels so wonderful." Kay exclaimed as her fingers ran through my hair guiding my lips to each nipple.
I let one hand slide down to her thong and slowly pealed it from her body. Her curly red pubic hair is neatly trimmed and waxed so it does not show around the edges of her thong and I assumed her bikini.
"This is so sexy!" I said as her pussy came into view. Her fingers continued their slow movement through my hair and she leaned toward me offering her tits to my mouth once again.
"Please baby, suck my nipples again." Kay pleaded.
Her hands slid from my scalp and she lifted her tits moving one nipple against my lips. I instantly sucked hard on it licking and flicking its taut surface with my tongue. My hands slid up and down the back of her soft thighs exploring between as they neared the top. Kay's skin is incredibly soft and smooth. I circled my hands around to massage the front of her thighs as she continued moving her nipples to my mouth.
I slipped one finger between her thighs and then along her pussy lips. Kay groaned as I slid my finger front and curled it into the wet flesh just beyond her lips. As I withdrew my finger I kept the pressure up and dragged the length of my middle finger over her hard clit.
"Hmmmmmm don't stop baby." Kay pleaded.
Kay's knees buckled a tiny bit as I dipped two fingers inside her hot slit and captured her clit between them pinching it as I slid them forward again.
Oh Allen that feels exquisite." Kay cooed.
I continued delicately caressing her clit and suckling her luscious tits for the longest time letting the anticipation and passion build inside her. Her pussy got hotter and wetter with each passing moment. Her breathing started coming in shorter and shorter gasps as my lips worked their magic on her beautiful tits and I dipped my fingers inside her moist slit.
As her knees buckled a second time Kay released a deep throaty guttural moan before she exclaimed, "Oh please baby, give me your cock, please Allen fuck me."
I released a rock hard nipple from my lips and looked up into her now passion filled eyes. The worried look she had displayed just as her removed her bra earlier was replaced with the look of a wanton woman. A sexy mature woman who was ready to begin a second sex life and my aching rock hard cock was ready to reintroduce her to the pleasures of that life.
I hooked two fingers in the waist band of my jockey shorts and slowly slid them down my legs. As I leaned back against the couch my rock hard erection stood at perfect attention from my loins. Kay's eyes gazed down upon my hard on almost in amazement as it twitched and jumped begging to be fucked. The veins stood out distinctly along the shaft and the bulging head had turned a deep engorged blood red color.
I slid one hand to the shaft and looked up at Kay as I said, "Sit on it Kay. Ride it as slow or fast as you like baby."
Kay moved forward and straddled my hips letting her tits make contact with my chest as she prepared to lower her pussy onto my pulsing cock. I held it only until her parted pussy lips touched the tip and the searing heat that escaped her began consuming me. She moaned deeply as her wet lips spread and slid easily over my cock head. But two years of abstinence while she mourned the loss of her long time lover had tightened the fuck flesh just inside. My cock shaft bent slightly as her pussy resisted the invasion of a man's hard cock.
Lifting her hips slightly Kay reached behind and pressed her fingers against the shaft. This time as she lowered her soaking wet pussy my cock sank into her stretching the tight fuck sheath of her womanhood. She was searing hot and soaking wet, but tighter than any woman I'd ever impaled myself on before. God she was tight. Her pussy pulled at my flesh as she descended over me.
Kay leaned tightly against me and dug her chin into my neck as she settled down on me.
"Oh god that feels incredible Allen." Kay squealed as her pussy lips pressed into my pelvic flesh having reached the bottom of her sensual descent on my raging cock. Kay didn't move a muscle as her almost virginal tightness began to give way and her wanton lust for the feel of a raging cock gained control. The muscles inside her pussy slowly began contracting around my cock, then releasing my hardness as her searing hot fuck sheath convulsed on me.
I groaned loudly as she began a series of spasmodic wave like convulsions of her muscles surrounding my raging cock. She wasn't fucking me by moving her hips up and down. She somehow could control each individual muscle along the length of her canal in a snake like movement that first tightened around my cock head deep inside and then down the length of my hard shaft until her pussy lips clamped tight around the very base of my shaft.
Kay was awakening a lust that had been moved into the deepest recesses of her sexual mind for two years, and I was the fortunate man to be buried inside her incredible body when that awakening occurred.
"God Kay, you have incredible muscular control." I whispered almost unbelievingly. As her pussy convulsed once again around my surging cock Kay leaned back and with a somewhat devilish smile said, "I suppose that old adage about never forgetting how to ride a bicycle is true Allen."
I could only smile and reply, "You can ride this bike anytime you like baby!" I grasped the opportunity to move my hands between us and began caressing and massaging her full ripe breasts, tweaking and pinching the taut nipples that tipped those lovely soft orbs of pleasure.
"Yes baby, play with my tits." She squealed.
Very slowly Kay began to lift off me, her pussy tightening around me as she rose. Once she had reached the point that only my cock head remained inside her she plunged down on me surrounding my throbbing cock as tightly as a scabbard surrounds a swordsman weapon.
Time after time she sank her hot scabbard on my weapon, time after time my rock hard sword impaled her. I had offered her my cock to ride and she was giving it the most incredible ride of my life.
Several thoughts flooded my mind as I sat there with Kay bounced up and down on my pulsing cock. I quickly came to the realization that fucking a sexually mature woman actually did have the advantage of her experience, and I for one was reveling in Kay's incredible experience. I wondered if her deceased husband might very well have been fucked to death by his sensuous wanton wife. What an awesome way to go to meet your maker I thought.
Bringing my mind back to the reality of what I was feeling I began lifting my hips from the couch to meet every one of Kay's slow plunges onto my stiff cock. My fingers continued working feverishly over her soft tits until she cooed softly, "Allen, aren't you going to kiss me?"
I smiled as my hands slid from her ripe breasts and up her back to gather handfuls of red locks between my fingers. She squealed "Awwwwwwww" as my fingers tightened and pulled her red hair tight at the scalp. Drawing her mouth to mine I parted my lips only as the miniscule distance between our mouths grew less and less until the heat of our breath mixed together, and our tongues met closing that minute separation of our mouths. What followed was almost like a minuet of oral passion, building from the classical dance of passion to a sixties dirty dancing lustful probing kiss. Our bodies became as one as we pleasured each other with our mouths as well as our loins.
Each time Kay reached maximum penetration she ground her clit against my pelvic bone. Her moans of pleasure became louder and louder as we scaled the mountain of ecstasy in unison, our hips in perfect rhythm grinding against one another with every stroke.
Kay was first to break our lustful kiss, leaning back and looking down into my eyes she said, "God Allen your cock feels so good. Fuck me baby! I want to cum all over that beautiful cock!"
I grabbed her hips and held on as she started humping my rock hard cock as fast as she could.
"Yeah baby, ride that fuckin cock!" I exclaimed as my loins started to tingle with the sensation of my own fast approaching climax.
Kay slid her hands to her ripe tits and rubbed them roughly as she bounced up and down on my swelling cock.
"That's it Allen, give it to me babe, I'm gonna cummmmmmmm...." She squealed as her pussy convulsed and her orgasm built.
Kay and I clawed our way to the peak of sexual delight, her pussy flooding with orgasmic juices and bathing my cock just as my cock exploded and began pumping hot cock juice into her.
She screamed as the first searing load of hot cum shot into her.
"Oh fuck, oh god Allen, I'm cummingggggggggggggg..." Kay screamed.
I slammed my hips up at her as she pounded her hot flooding pussy down to meet my cum shooting cock.
Kay's eyes closed and she leaned forward grasping at me and digging her chin into my shoulder. I circled her body with my arms and pulled her even tighter to me as our loins melted together in orgasmic bliss. As our incredible mutual climax began to subside Kay's hips twitched involuntarily grinding her throbbing clit against me.
My pulsing cock buried deep inside her soaking in the passion pool of juices, we stayed coupled together like that for an eternity.
Kay's sensual body dripping with sweat, and leaking our combined fluids felt so incredible. She turned her soft lips toward my ear, and after planting a gentle kiss she whispered, "Thank you baby for making me feel like a woman again."
I turned my head toward her and kissed her deeply. Her soft lips responded instantly to my kiss. Since the first moment I watched her through my telescope the night before I knew she was full of passion, and our first lovemaking session only reinforced that idea.
Kay is an incredibly sexy passionate woman, and I knew we were only starting what would be a wonderful relationship.
Breaking our kiss Kay whispered again, "Allen I'm probably crushing you, let me slid off...." But before she could move I hugged her tightly letting her know I wanted to remain coupled together with her for as long as my cock remained erect inside her warm wet pussy.
She snuggled into me pressing her ripe breasts against my chest and giving her hips a playful little twitch.
"You're one sexy hot babe." I said.
Kay giggled and asked, "Do I qualify as a MILF Allen?"
"Absolutely Kay, you are one hot milf." I answered.
She kissed me softly, and smiled. Her eyes sparkling as she realized that all her worries about being a mature woman were unfounded.
"You're pretty hot yourself Allen." Kay said.
"Well thank you baby." I replied, "After your little balcony show last night and that sexy sundress you were wearing you have me so turned on this morning." I added.
Kay's smile widened and she said, "So you enjoyed my little show?"
"Very much and I can't wait for the next one!" I exclaimed
"Well that's certainly a possibility Allen. I do enjoy exposing myself like that. It turns me on so much." Kay said. "In fact I've fantasized about having someone watch me having sex that way." She added.
"Wow, I'd be torn between being the one watching, and the one having sex with you Kay." I said giggling.
"Well if you stay as hard as you are now, I'd want you to be the one fucking me baby." Kay replied.
"Well I did say you really turn me on Kay." I said.
"I guess so Allen." Kay replied with a devilish grin on her lips.
She lifted her hips and let me slip from her wet slit. My cock was still completely erect and glistening with our combined fluids wanted more of this hot little MILF. Kay reached between us and stroked my hard cock circling the head with her soft fingers.
"Hmmmmmmmmm... I love how this feels in my hand Allen." She remarked. Kay slowly stroked me as she moved to kneel between my thighs. "Let's see if it feels this good between my lips baby."
My wide eyed stare brought a smile to her lips as she leaned forward to give my cock a long sensual lick from the base of the shaft right up to the very tip. Kay's sensual eyes stayed fixed on mine as she parted her lips and massaged the sensitive spot on the bottom of my cock head with her lower lip. Her upper lip slipped over the tip and she exhaled hot breath over the head just before her lips closed around the head.
"Hmmmmmmmm..." She hummed as the taste of our sex filled her mouth.
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" I exclaimed when Kay sucked softly on the head. She pulled my cock toward her so she could keep eye contact with me as she took more and more of my hard shaft into her warm mouth.
Her mouth was every bit as hot as her pussy, and apparently sucking cock activated her salivary gland causing her mouth flood with saliva. As she slowly withdrew my cock Kay cupped her tongue and opened her lips wider. My cock head slipped from her sexy mouth and a thick string of saliva extended from the tip back to her tongue.
But before it could break Kay moved forward sucking that saliva string back into her mouth and my cock along with it.
"God damn that's so fucking sexy." I exclaimed as my hard erection disappeared once again between her soft lips and into her hot wet mouth. She kept her tongue cupped creating a trough of warmth that my pulsing cock could slide through.
I was quickly discovering that Kay's oral talents were just as exceptional as her vaginal muscular control. Not only was she one hell of a fuck but she gave exceptional head as well. As I smiled at her while she sucked my cock I thanked my lucky stars that I ventured into her used furniture store the night before. I was in my new place less than twenty-four hours and already it looked like I'd have an incredible piece of ass I could call anytime I wanted.
Kay let my pulsing cock slip from her mouth and asked, "You like this Allen?"
"Oh yeah baby, you're doing just fine." I replied smiling as she let my cock slip between her moist lips once again.
She sucked hard on the head drawing her cheeks tightly in against it. Her tongue swirled around the head and over the tip.
"That's it Kay, suck it just like that!" I exclaimed as she continued sucking hard on the head and fucking me with her wet mouth.
Kay stroked me several times eliciting a deep sensual groan from my throat before she let my cock slip out of her mouth. Her soft fingers circled the shaft and she began stroking its length slowly as she licked up and down the throbbing shaft.
"Are you going to fuck me again Allen?" She questioned.
"I sure am baby." I replied.
"I can't wait to feel this beautiful cock deep inside me again baby." Kay said.
She straightened up and moved back, releasing my cock shaft from her delicate hand she reclined on the soft carpet in front of me.
"Watch me Allen." Kay said as she bent her legs and slowly spread her thighs. Her hands slid up along her body and pressed ripe tits together as I grasped my cock and began slowly stroking it myself.
My eyes were glued to her pussy. The moist swollen lips parted as her thighs moved apart as much as possible, her knees almost touching the carpet. She smiled as she moved her hands down keeping her forearms close to her body and holding her tits in place. Slowly her hands made then way between her thighs. Kay used delicate fingertips to pinch her pussy lips and then pulled them even further apart letting me gaze at the pink wet flesh beyond.
Kay moaned deeply and whispered, "I want that hard cock in here Allen." as Kay dipped a middle finger into the steamy depth of her wet pussy.
I sat forward on the edge of the couch watching her finger her tight little pussy, stroking my cock a little harder.
Kay's fingers continued to work feverishly inside her pussy and over her hard clit, as I sat there stroking my cock in anticipation of burying myself to the hilt inside her again. Her full tits jiggled as she moved her arms and hands to pleasure herself.
She grinned and asked, "Allen do you like watching me play with myself?"
I smiled before I said, "Almost as much as fucking you Kay!"
She giggled and replied, "Do you Allen?"
"Do I love fuckin you," I said, "absofuckinglutely." I added quickly.
"Well then Allen get down here and FUCK ME!" Kay exclaimed as she smiled widely at me.
I didn't need a second invitation, quickly sliding off the couch and moving between her wide open thighs. Kay released her grasp on the swollen pussy lips and slid her hands up to again cup her luscious tits. Kay rolled her taut nipples between index fingers and thumbs moaning as the anticipation of having her tight pussy again stuffed full of cock meat excited her.
I was still holding the shaft of my cock as I leaned toward her and rubbed the tip against her swollen hot pussy lips.
"Give it to me Allen!" Kay exclaimed, "Give me that hard cock baby." She added.
I pressed forward slipping my cock head inside her. She moaned as my hardness began spreading the tight fuck flesh beyond. Her pussy is so fucking tight at first only stretching as more and more cock is stuffed into it.
"Oh god YES Allen!" Kay squealed, "I need every bit of you inside me!"
I withdrew until only the head was still soaking in her tight tunnel. Lowering my head I sucked one hard nipple between my lips and flicked the tip of my tongue at it. She moaned sensually. Rather then press my hips forward slowly, I sank my entire hard cock deep inside with one might thrust. My balls slapped against her ass.
"Awwwwwwwwwwwwww....god YES baby!" Kay screamed as her pussy stretched to accept my spearing erection. Her arms wrapped around my neck holding my mouth to her nipple as my hips moved back only to slam against her a second, third and fourth time. Each time my loins made a slapping sound as I crashed into her.
Kay locked her heels behind my waist and began pulling me into her as I thrust at her steamy fuck tunnel. The heat of her pussy searing the flesh along my cock shaft.
I released one hard nipple and lick deeply between her tits coating the quivering flesh with my salvia, and moving to suck and bite at the other taut sensitive bud of a nipple. Her nipples reacted almost violently becoming even harder as I sucked licked and bit on them.
"Yes Allen, that's it babe, I love it!" Kay squealed.
Kay's pussy was completely soaked and incredibly hot. It seemed to mold to the shape of my cock as I continued driving myself home time and time. Her hips rose to meet every thrust I made into her.
"Kay your pussy is so hot and wet!" I replied. "I love how it feels surrounding my cock baby." I quickly added.
I lifted my face from her heaving tits and began fucking her slow and deep. Each time I slammed my cock home her tits moved almost like waves of sensual flesh up toward her shoulders. Our fucking took on a sensual rhythm slower then before but just as deep. I could feel her heels digging into my spine as she pulled me toward her loins on every stroke. We were fucking in perfect unison, she pulling me in as I drove my rock hard cock into her until my loins slapped against her causing the sensuous wave through her ripe tit flesh.
Her head began to rock from side to side as my throbbing cock began driving her toward the height of sexual pleasure. Kay began moaning deeper and deeper each time I slammed into her.
Her eyes closed as she concentrated on the incredible sensations my fucking was providing her. "Yes Allen, fuck me just like that baby. It feels so fucking good." Kay exclaimed.
Her fingers dug into the soft carpet and pulled her pelvis toward my thrusts deep into her tight dripping wet pussy.
"You're so goddamn sexy Kay." I whispered.
Her eyes opened and fixed on mine. "I haven't felt this sexy since...." She replied stopping in mid sentence. I knew the since was the last time her husband fucked her before he died. I felt almost honored to be the man who was re-introducing her to a wondrous sex life.
"Fuck me faster baby!" She pleaded, wanting our rhythm to increase as her pussy tingled with the effects of her quickly approaching climax.
I picked up the pace of my fucking and dropped to my elbows for better leverage. Kay responded by releasing her grip on the carpet and moving her arms around my neck. She pulled me down tight against her body wanting my entire weight to pin her to the floor. Her nails dug into the sweaty flesh on my back as I slid my hands down to grab her ass letting all my body weight crush into her soft ripe tits.
Kay groaned under my weight and clawed at my back leaving stinging streaks of pain as her nails scrapped at the first layers of flesh. I knew I'd have lover's streaks across my back when we finished but cared little about the passion marks this incredible woman was leaving.
"Harder baby, fuck me harder." Kay screamed.
Kay's sexy body tensed and she released the grip she had on my waist with her heels letting her thighs fall wide apart as I lifted her ass to meet ever thrust I made into her searing pussy.
"Oh god Allen, oh my fucking god, I'm gonna cum." She squealed.
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" Kay screamed as the ecstasy of her climax washed over her.
Her muscles clamped down on my cock as her pussy flooded with searing hot climatic juices drowning my raging cock and pulling me toward my own incredible orgasm. I turned my head and buried my face between her full ripe tits and began hammering into her with every ounce of strength I had left.
Oh god yessssssssss..Allen it's fucking incredible." Kay shouted as she rode my pulsing cock over the peak of absolute pleasure.
My cock swelled to orgasmic size drawing my cum filled balls tight up against the base of the throbbing shaft as the numbness of my own orgasm built. That awesome sensation of searing heat began near the bottom of my cock shaft and traveled up along its length as the flood of cum pumped toward the head.
My muffled groan between her soft tits and one final thrust into her searing depths let Kay know that I was cumming. I moaned over and over as my cock spewed hot sticky cum into her mixing with her own juices. Even muscle in my body tensed as my cock shot another incredible load of hot sperm deep into her glorious fuck tunnel.
Kay's arms pulled me tight against her then slid up to almost suffocate me between her incredible soft mature breasts.
"YES Allen, give me every drop of your wonderful seed!" She begged. Holding me almost motherly like.
My hips twitched involuntarily as I slid down from the peak of orgasmic intensity, and with each twitch another spear of pleasure shot up my spine.
I collapsed letting even more of my body weight press her into the soft carpet. Kay relaxed her thighs and let my hips spread them wider that I imagined humanly possible. She didn't try to move her body from under me, but held me tightly keeping us coupled together at the loins.
Her arms held me tightly letting my head rest on her soft tits and my softening cock soak in the incredible warmth of her beautiful pussy. Both of us basking in the absolute glory of the intense fuck we'd just experienced.
Breathing shallowly I let myself memorize the feeling of this incredible mature woman. The softness of her ripe tits, the smoothness of her glowing flesh, the tender way she moved her hands over my back, soothing the wounds of her passion. But most of all I wanted to memorize the incredible way it felt having my cock buried inside her.
I tried to move from her but Kay held me tightly, she whispered, "I don't want this feeling to end Allen. I've waited for so long to feel this way again, please let me hold you awhile longer baby."
I lifted my head and looked up into her passionate blue-gray eyes. The deep lustful craving I'd seen there earlier now replaced with the sparkle of a woman who had after so many months mourning her loss re-awakened her love of intimacy.
"Thank you Allen," Kay whispered pausing to smile, "thank you for making me feel whole again." She added.
I lowered my head once again to her warm full breasts and kissed the soft flesh of one lovely orb as I slid my arms up to hold her gently.
My flaccid cock was still soaking just inside her, the head held tightly by the incredible tight muscles of her hot pussy. I softly kept kissing the warm flesh of her breasts as she slowly ran her nails through my hair.
Kay whispered, "It feels so good being close to a man again Allen. I've missed my husband so badly, but I've missed this wonderful feeling of intimacy with a man even more. I think"
I slid my hands under her shoulders and slowly rolled over onto my back rolling Kay along with me. My cock slipped from her warm grasp and left a trail of moisture across my thigh as we changed positions.
Kay spread her legs letting one sexy thigh come to rest between my legs while the other slid along the outside of my leg. As she slid up to softly offer her lips and tongue to me I could feel our combined sex fluids oozing from her and onto my leg.
I looked again deeply into her passionate eyes as our mouths drew closer together. The twinkling I saw and the quick movement of her irises showed me that she was searching my eyes for something more than the look of a totally satisfied lover.
I told myself not to allow something more to show. I had just ended a long tenuous marriage and the last thing I wanted was to jump right into another relationship. I was single again after fifteen years of being with the same woman, and I was determined to, as they say, play the field for awhile. I'd convinced myself during the months and months I waited for my divorce to be final that there was a whole world of wondrous pussy to be discovered and I was determined to find me some of that. Somehow I'd have to make Kay understand my feelings.
"Kay I ah...." I said but her delicate finger came to rest on my lips cutting off the rest of my explanation.
"I know Allen, let's just agree to live for the moment and enjoy one another's company when ever we can." Kay said.
She wiggled her shoulders causing her tits to rub against my chest and dipped her mouth to meet mine in a slow sensual kiss. Kay is not only an incredibly sexy and passionate woman, but also has a keen sense of what we both wanted.
"Allen, tell me something." Kay said. "Am I still a good lover?" She asked.
My instant reply was, "No Kay you're not a good lover." I paused while her expression went blank but quickly added, "You're an absolutely incredible lover baby!"
Kay's smile returned to her lips just before they met mine in an even deeper kiss. Her tongue slipped between my lips allowing me to suck it. Her chest pressed even more firmly against mine and she kind of rotated her shoulders rubbing the hard nipples against my own.
She looked at me and giggled, "Allen next time I stop by to collect for a purchase I want you to fuck me Rocky Mountain style." Reminding me that she and her dead husband loved titty fucking.
"It'll be my pleasure I'm sure Kay," I replied, "and something I'm certainly looking forward to."
Kay giggled again and ground her pelvis into my thigh slowly rubbing her clit against the top. "Well you don't have to wait till you're ready to furnish another room Allen. You can call me anytime you like. I'll write my cell number down for you before I leave."
"Actually baby I should get going. I can't sell anything lying around all day with you." Kay said. "But I wish I could." She quickly added.
As she slid off my thigh her soft hand trailed down my body to my soft cock. Giving it a gentle playful squeeze she said, "Can't wait to see YOU again!"
Kay stood up and ran her fingers through her hair teasing some front and the rest back. As I sat up I looked over her body again. For a woman of fifty seven years she is incredibly trim her flat stomach has no sign of sag, smooth silk like legs and sexy feet and toes. I stood up and watched as she dressed.
Kay clearly loved having a man look at her body. She slowly slid her thong up her legs making sure it covered her tri-angle of sexy red pubic hair and the thin straps rose perfectly over her hips. After clasping her bra in front she spun it around and slid it up capturing her lovely breasts, adjusting the fit so their ripe fullness overflowed the cups causing me to smile at the thought of sliding my cock between.
Kay slipped on her wedge shaped sandals which of course accentuated the shape of her lovely legs.
She giggled again and did a slow sensual turn to let me get one final close up look at her body. "So you really think I have a sexy body Allen?" she asked.
"Kay there isn't a man alive that wouldn't think you have a very sexy body." I replied.
She leaned forward just a bit and shook her shoulders causing tits to bounce and jiggle seductively in the confines of her strapless bra.
I smiled and said, "If you keep that up, I'm gonna have to take you up on that Rocky Mountain fuck today baby."
Kay just grinned and said, "Have to keep em wanting to come back for more Allen."
A moment later her sundress slipped down over her shoulders covering a very sexy woman. She let the elastic rest on top of her shoulders this time, but the fullness of her tits still showed clearly through the fabric.
"Let me grab my wallet Kay." I said remembering why she'd come by. I slid my wallet out of my jeans hip pocket after pulling them on.
"Thanks baby." Kay said as I peeled off six crisp "C" notes and four twenty's.
"Oh darn Allen I don't have any change for you." Kay said almost apologizing for not being prepared to complete our transaction.
I smiled and replied, "No problem Kay, hold onto it as a deposit for the next room I furnish from your store."
She smiled and replied, "Deal baby!" knowing it wouldn't be long before I'd be shopping in her store again.
As I walked Kay to the door I let my hand linger at the small of her back. Before I opened the door she turned to me and put her arms around my neck. "Thank you again Allen. I needed to be with a man just like you my first time again. You were a perfect gentleman and I really appreciate it."
I just leaned forward and kissed her softly on the mouth, holding her by the hips. "Thank you Kay for.." I paused....... "for everything baby!" I finally said.
I stood in the doorway watching Kay walk down the hall toward the elevator. Her hips swung seductively from side to side as she moved. As she stepped forward into the elevator she looked back over her shoulder and waved a sexy hand at me smiling sweetly.
I closed the door and thought to myself. Things were certainly going well so far in my new place. I could hardly wait to see what other fun things my new neighborhood had in store for me.
To be continued...