*gender neutral language used for both partners*
[theres magic everywhere, let the mystery of fantasy answer any inconsistencies with ephemeral enigmatic allure]
I'm awoken as I'm scooped from my puffy soft bed into the large hands of my Highness. I yawn and wiggle my hips into their palm, stretching like well-oiled ball joints in their grasp. "Good morning, sleepyhead," they say. Groggy but cute, my hair's a tussled mess of waves, my cheeks rosy from the wake up. They plant an oversized kiss all over my face, making me grin against their plump lips. They pull back with a little smacking sound.
"Good morning, Your Highness," I reply sleepily. Almost immediately, my silky slip teddy is being nudged off my smooth shoulders by their large confident hands. Exposing my full collarbone and chest makes me groggily giggle and my hands go to my face to cover my grin. My playmate has other plans, and my arms are gently forced back down by my side, leaving me open to their whim. Every breath makes the fabric just so slightly fall lower on my soft tiddies.
One of their thick fingers traces my thighs right where the fabric meets my asscheeks. With a quick pinch, the lower hem of my minuscule nightie is tugged with steady force till it bounces my tiddies, slides down my arms and floats to the bedsheets where I just lay. Exposed with my arms at my sides and a sweet smile on my face, I'm bare and blushing and feeling the sunbeam of attention in their gaze. I become clay every time I'm in their hands, like they could move and bend me to their amusement ad nauseam.
My Highness is looking at me like they're hungry, their huge fingers prodding and lifting my tiddies while I'm nude for them. "How's my babydoll today?" They squish and pinch my pale nipples easily with just their index and thumb. Mmm, my favorite way to greet the day.
I bite my lip at feeling deeply desired, so I blush harder and let my head fall, relaxing into their hands. "So good, especially now that you're here to play with me." Their finger coaxes my chin up so I gaze upwards and let my eyes meet theirs. They're big and blueish and have so many tiny little flecks of dark and light and a little bit of green that I get caught in their kaleidoscope. The tension feels thick and hazy but their vision is direct and crystal. Embarrassing, maybe, but I enjoy the attention, to be the center that the compass rotates around to make the circle. Their big thumb pushes a few strands of wavy hair back behind my pointed ear.
My holder don't usually dress me in any panties or undergarments, but I don't mind. It's an honor to just be their plaything, to get dressed by their hands. They have such a big wardrobe for me, anyways, all hung up and folded in my closet that they arranged for me. They say I'm about the size of someone called a Brat or a Barbie, according to the writing on some of the clothes and furniture that they've collected for me over the months. I stretch my arms upward just a little, and they set me down delicately. The balls of my feet hit the surface of the table that the dollhouse sits on. Even though they gave me free range for the moment, I know to stand still for them and wait patiently, looking around my little home. They built the entire 3-story castle thing for me, but I helped pick out all of the decor as much as I could.
"Did you see that I got you something, babydoll?" They ask, and they gesture to the other side of the table.
I look to my right and see there's a big box not too far down from me, not as large as me but certainly larger than a matchbox. I'm take a couple of cautious steps toward where it's sitting, looking at it like it's dangerous. "You need me to help you open it?" They prod the backs of my knees so I stumble towards it, rewarding me an amused chuckle. I watch them slowly start to open the box for me, crinkling the tissue paper as the package is unwrapped. They move their hand back to let me see inside so I peer into the package. Oh my!
I grin big and reach inside to grab the new garments. They're a little different from my other outfits, the first two pieces are made from lots of natural leather straps and thick metal rings. God, it smells amazing. I hold up the confusing things and move them around a little, not sure how I'll even get into it. Not quite sure where my arms even go. But I'm excited at the restrictions and their attention to detail. Did they make this?
There's something in the box below it, a couple of things actually. But only one is on this layer of paper and looks like it's maybe a dress or a tunic. I lift it up by the thin little straps which form a loose hanging v in the gossamer fabric, the waist tight but opens with two long slits up the legs all the way to the waist, sure to expose all my thighs and hips. "I think you'll like them better on," they say to me, slowly scooping me up in their hands and laying me down on the big bed they made for me.
My arms are gently pushed out to the sides slightly away from my body and they move up to my hair, pushing it back and over one shoulder. They guide one part around my waist, flipping me over and securing the straps behind me before bringing other straps over my shoulders. I submit completely to their will, letting them take control of my body. I relax into their hands and trust that they'll take care of me, and they always do. They know just how to caress my skin, how to flick against my clit, how to pinch and prod exactly where I like. I start to feel my breath get heavier just from their touch already.
They flip me over again effortlessly and tighten the straps across my tiddies, forming the juicy curves that I love. They grab the other strappy piece and slid it around my waist, accentuating my big hips even more. Soon there are large fingers around my thighs and I moan a little as the leather is tightened by my pussy, their hands delicately gracing my wet cunt. I look down and watch them leave my bush exposed, straps only going around my legs and around to cup my ass.
My arms are pushed upwards so my hands reach to the ceiling and they pull me up so I'm standing on the bed. Then they drop the tunic fabric over my head and arms. The straps rest delicately on my shoulders and the sheer fabric glides down past my hips, keeping my legs exposed from the openings. The lightweight fabric covers very little of me, but it feels so supple and sexy.
I'm carefully released near my big mirror, "So, what do you think?" they ask me. I stare at the elf in the mirror and giggle. My hips are out from the slits of the garment but my waist is held in tight, leaving my hourglass figure on full display. There's one thin panel of semi-sheer tunic covering just my pussy and my tiddies but if I look closely I can still see bush and nipples. I lift up the skirt and angle my body to try to see my ass, looking plump from the tight straps around it. "Oh my god, I look hot!" I do a little spin and look up to them to see their huge grin.
"You're more than just hot, you're delicious, desirable." I've seen that look before and I know we're about to play. "My little elf prince. Your hair and skin look so good in green." They're right, this green is very complimentary to the red of my hair, and the natural leather is cute on my freckles. It reminds me of what I'd try to find and wear when I was living in the forest, but I could never find anything this perfect. My pulse is going so fast from the way they're eyeing me, and from the way I'm eyeing myself.
"Desirable? What do you desire from me?" I ask playfully, yearning into their huge curious eyes through my lashes. I find the panels of the tunic and do my little spin for them again. The wind breezed against my ass so I hope they got the peek I wanted.
"You know what I desire." They said, getting lower and bringing their face closer to mine. "But I got you something else, did you see it?" They look towards the open box. I excitedly rush over and pull off a layer of tissue paper to reveal their next surprise. Laying there is a big dragon dildo, in a beautiful gold color and shaped almost like a tongue, the silicone huge with what looks like a strong suction cup. I pick it up and feel the heft and squish of the toy, it's bigger than my fist and so long that I don't know how I'll ever get it all into my pussy. But I want to try harder than I've ever strived to before, to take this entire monster. I know I can do it, it's not that much bigger than taking their fingers. My jaw feels level with the floor, adrenaline to my fingertips.
"I know you're here during the day all on your lonesome, and I wanted to give you something closer to my size." They give me a grin and I rush over to them and hug them as best I could. Which, with our size differences, usually means pressing into their chest with my arms open wide and getting my face covered in fabric. Today they're shirtless so I press into their soft chest to feel the full effect of their rumbling earthquake laughter.
I let out a squeal, "Thank you thank you thank you! You're so good to me," I usually have to project my voice when I'm talking but I know I'm yelling.
Next thing I know their hands are on my back, wrapping their fingers around my waist and picking me up, my ass sitting on their entwined pinkies. They lift me up to their face and I get a chance to plant a kiss on their plump lips, which envelop most of my face. I love getting covered in their spit, but today they're careful to not get my new leather all wet just yet.
I feel them shift me into just their right hand, the left one laying flat enough to stand me on. Once I'm set down on their hand, I find my footing in the center crevice of their palm, tunic only mildly tangled. "Fuck, this is cute on you." They pick up an edge of the fabric to reveal more of my leg and the leather, and a little of my red bush. "I knew it would be worth the work with all those tiny little buckles."
"You're very talented," I asked, now joining them with my much smaller hands in examining the pieces. I grab at my tiddies, accentuated with straps, round and plump resting just on the top of the tunic. We're both looking at the same thing and soon their fingers are pinching me. Fuck, that feels good, they're so skilled at playing with me. I moan and push into their fingers, greedy for even more. "You're very talented at a lot of things." They slide their hand down my torso and pinch my hips, going under the fabric to slide one finger along my pussy.
I'm already wet and they feel that on their finger pad, groaning quietly. "I want to play with you for a while today, okay doll?" My breathing is getting heavy.
I moan, grinding my clit against their thick finger between my legs. "Yes please, Your Highness."
"Turn around for me," they demand as they withdraw their finger. I do as I'm told and turn around to face their thumb. They push down on my shoulders so that I bend at the hips. There's a swishing sensation and suddenly my ass is bare, the tunic flipped to the side over my hips. There's a brief pause and a little bit of a rustling. "Are you ready, toy?"
"Yes!" I'm more than ready," I yell back. I'm not sure what I'm ready for, though. I feel myself drip down my thigh.
Smack! There's a sudden thud that ripples my asscheeks and sends prickles through my skin. Ouch! They flick me hard one more time with their instrument, probably the pencil that I like based on the wooden sensation. They really went for it, a deep dive to introduce my ass to the pain. Then I'm soothed kindly with a light thumb massage for a few seconds, easing the first two cracks. The sensation is dulled, but still leaves a raw post-burn.
They go back to smacking my ass, lightly paddling this time, consistent but not too quick. They stay just long enough between to feel the sting deepen momentarily until the next spank. They're rhythmic and ever so slowly increasing in pressure, until each crack delivers a thick thud. I'm biting their hand and drooling, getting lost in the thicket of it as they go on and on, unrelenting.
My moans slide one into to the other as smack.. smack.. smack.. continues till I'm moaning and feeling myself lulled further into submission. There's a thick faucet of drool dripping onto the thumb that I'm using to hold onto, and I can open my eyes just enough to watch it trail its way down to their palms. The spanking is mesmerizing and the pain rotates around this sweet burning that makes my pussy clench and my insides desperate.
Just as my eyes start to water and the burning turns to deep direct stinging, they send me one fast, hard crack to my ass, right across my pussy. Fuck! My hips lunge forward and I'm pushed down flat on my tummy from the force. I look up and back over my shoulder, tears pouring over, feeling worn and sore with my ass completely exposed to them, the skirt bunched up by my waist. They laugh darkly, "Oh wow, you really took that rough, babydoll. Look at this pencil now," they turned the hand I'm laying on to show me the wooden pencil, now in half, only the splintered eraser end in grasp.
I giggle and moan through the tears as they set the split pencil down. "Aww, I liked that pencil," I teased. Yikes, I'm sore. The tingling is replaced with some good old fashioned bruising and pain that cuts through my submission. Where's all the attention I was just getting? I need some care... I reach back to rub my ass in light little circles.
"Someone's sore, huh?" Ugh, they don't even offer to help.
"Uhh, yeah a little," I manage to get out. Yes, so much. Wow, so much! It's now surfacing even harder. But I'm a good toy. As much as it hurts, I love the way it burns so much that I feel like I was built for it.
"Can you get on your hands and knees for me?" They ask, and I comply quietly. I brace my forearms and push up, settling into the catlike position that they enjoy me in. Stretching my muscles makes the ache even more acute and I moan at the movement. With my cheeks up in the air, arching my back, I can just about feel their eyes on my wet pussy. "Mm good boy," they say. I'm sure I'm now soaking the leather bands of the harness completely. Something tells me it'll just get more saturated.
I gasp sharply as their wet tongue is suddenly lapping at my entire ass, leaving a wet trail of drool to drip down my thighs. The tip of their tongue caresses and flicks my pussy and clit with a speed and precision that causes me to involuntarily twitch. Even the subtlest of movements make me shudder with pleasure and only a little pain as they press their squishy slobbery muscle on my newly forming bruises. Their substantial amount of spit sliding down my skin makes my little puddle on their hand look hilariously minuscule in comparison.
There's this electric combination of soothing my burning ass, teasing my asshole, and rubbing my clit that's quickly getting me so close that my knees feel weak. I'm grinding my hips into their tastebuds and moaning so loudly into their hand that I feel it vibrate back onto my cheeks, making little sloppy raspberries as I exhale.
They know I'm getting close and they moan too, which sends waves of vibration through my skin to my bones like the big electric toy they got for me when I first moved into their dollhouse. The building of pure joy and pleasure climbs and climbs on the second layer of my nervous system through my spine, goes toppling, free-falling through stomach and pussy. I yell that I'm coming between moans but I doubt I'm coherent.
My skin is tingling, my eyes flutter behind my eyelids, and I'm screaming. I don't notice any of it until the sparkling moves all the way to my fingertips, I fizzle, and I finally float to the surface as I cum. I'm lofty and weightless and feeling like that party game where everyone puts a finger on you and you levitate.
They're not done with me, and they keep moaning, keep the sensation rolling and tumbling to crescendo yet again, like the high arch of a good bouncy ball or the release of a leaf to the wind. I'm at the apex of the swingest and yelling at the top of my lungs. Just as I start to cum, they wrap their plump lips around my full pussy and thighs. They start to suck on my cunt and the stimulation around my encircled ass is just too much. I slip into my next orgasm, plunging into an all-encompassing bliss. With one last big lick, they pulled their lips and tongue away from my plump thighs.
Gently, slowly, carefully, tenderly, gingerly, they laid me down onto my bed and I became a cloud amongst the heavens, glowing from the surrounding sunset. The cotton sheets on layers and layers of soft foams and blankets make up my gorgeous sleeping arrangement splayed beneath me. I outstretch my arms on the cool sheets above my head, fluffing my hair and enjoying the tingling dancing on my skin.
A few clicks and sounds are happening on the other side of my dollhouse, and they're interrupting my afterglow. I open my eyes and roll to my side to see their hands putting together my big play platform. A vibrator the size of me is under the wooden base, held steady by something that my Highness made. The platform itself has restraint attachment points all over it, and a small opening in the wood where the silicone of the vibrator peeks out. Ooo yay! I grin and get up onto my knees, excited to keep playing.
"You're not done yet. You know that, right? You haven't even had a chance to play with your new toy, have you?" Their tone is playful, and I elated.
I squeal with excitement, leap off my bed, and rush down my little staircase to the other platform at the bottom of the dollhouse. It's too tall for me to get on myself so I reach my arms up toward my Highness and wait to get lifted. They're smiling at me mischievously and squeeze tight as they pinch my waist to boost me onto the play space.
The vibrator is curved high off the surface of the platform and I want to mount and ride it until I cum. I go over to climb it but they quickly push me aside with the back of their hand.
"Wow, you're so fucking adorable. I cant wait to watch you take this whole thing." They suction the dildo to the vibrator on the curve, right where the vibe is sure to stay on my clit. They move their blockade hand and I skip over to the toys, hiking my leg up and over to eagerly straddle the vibrator hill. The dildo is so big and daunting in front of me, with dramatic curves, textured surface, and a thick intimidating base. My mouth is watering at the enticing golden cock that could wind so perfectly inside me. It's time to savor the treats that have been bestowed upon me.
I put both of my hands around the middle of the toy and open my mouth, sticking out my tongue to lick the tip generously. I'm relishing the size and shape, tonguing the bumps and curves and getting the head all slippery and covered in drool. I wrap my curious mouth around the top as much as I possibly can, but the length of the shaft still seems expansive and hardly possible. The plastic tip quickly fills my mouth and teases the back of my throat, making my tongue stick out. I'll have to go slower.
I look up from my position to see my domme ogling me, their breath wafting a warm wind over me. Their smells are so raw and real, base and primal to an intoxicating degree. Between sweat, semen, breath, and spit, their pheromones have cemented themself in my core. I feel my pulse all the way to my cunt, my hips gyrating on their own accord to match my rapid heartbeat. I'm desperate, I need to be filled and stuffed and god! I want to cum.
I really, really want to cum again.
Their hand reaches out and pets my hair a few times, clearing the flyaways that are sticking to my cheeks. I keep bobbing my head, getting more and more accustomed to the size and shape down my throat, only a little drool spilling out down the shaft. They stroke down the nape of my neck and slowly down my shoulder blades and spine. Their big fingers pinch my ass before their full palm makes contact with a powerful spank on the swollen and red skin. Yowch!
I lunge forward onto the dildo and the plastic hits my uvula and the back of my throat. I gag and feel the stinging of tears in the back of my eyes as I choke on the toy. Uff, all of the pain that had subsided returns and is only doubled by the sore throat.
I come up for air to meet their big bluish eyes, blurry from my watery eyes. I stick my tongue back into my mouth and they chuckle again. "What are you laughing at?" I ask.
"I'm laughing at this desperate, soaking wet, slutty little elf toy that's kneeling so pretty just for me. Just like a doll. But I think they could do even better, and I'm thinking they're not done with what they started with," and their finger meets the back of my head, forcing me down onto the silicone shaft again. They've got the lightest persistent touch, and I moan as I'm wrapping my lips around the plastic again. They gently form a rhythm for me as I take more and more, loosening my throat to let the curve slide downward along the passage.
"Mmm, such a good toy," they grumble, almost growling. I let them push my limits on how long I can hold my breathe as I suppress the chocking sensation. The base of the toy isn't looking so dauntingly distant anymore, but it's certainly tough to imagine it going any further. Just as I feel the urgent need to get some air, they lift their fingers from my head and I come up gasping.
My highness plays perfectly rough enough with me, like my body and reflexes are intuitive to them. Of course, we've come to know each other quite well since I came to live with them. It's not just intuition, it's the juicy, delectable fruit of communication. Even when I'm not able to form a single word, we know how to send signals.
I hear fabric rustling in front of me and look up as much as I can from the toy to find them stripping off their boxers. Their gigantic cock bursts from the restrictive fabric and curves upward to fill my vision and cover me in shadow. My mouth pops off the head of the toy. It now seems so itty bitty compared to the gigantic, pulsing clit that's at looming as tall as me.
Leaning back to sit on my heels, I watch them pick up a bottle that's half the size of me, flip up the cap, and pour out an oozing drip of lube onto my new toy. Thick liquid pools over and around the silicone cock in front of me down to my knees. starting its slow path down the vibrator.
Soon I feel big fingers gently pinching my waist, holding me secure just under my ribcage and scooping my ass up into their palm. I prop my arms up on the ledge of their fingers. "I think we've had this on for long enough, don't you?" They push off the thin tunic straps from my shoulders like they did with my teddy earlier, but gravity helps finish the job as it flutters down to my feet on their palm. I flick the garment off my foot and let it find its own way to the dollhouse.
Leather is pinching my soft plump skin, sans opaque veil now, letting my nipples perk up toward my admirer. My thighs are squeezed by the straps and I'm feeling alert but docile from the ache in my ass. Every sensation feels exacerbated by the extreme desire between my hips and my soaking wet pussy. I feel so empty and needy. "I want more, Your Highness," I moaned.
"Be patient, babydoll. I'm playing with you the way I want to play with you," they say as they effortlessly remove the suctioned, lubricated toy from below. I spread my legs in their hand, bending one knee and bringing it up to my shoulder, resting my foot on one of their fingers. They position the head just millimeters above my cunt and let the tip drip the excess right onto my clit. I toss my head back and moan, feeling them tease the toy at my entrance, slow circles that go from my clit around the labia to just above my opening.
My hips move on their own accord but I start to match the rhythm with their rotations to create that juicy friction that I'm drooling for. They pick up their speed which sends me into a frenzy of desire, my hips grinding as hard as possible. I'm feeling desperate and sweaty, needy and objectified and so fucking close to cumming. I let out a whiny moan and they laugh loudly in response.
"You're going to have to do better than that, pet. Use your words."
Mmm fuck! "Please, please Your Highness, let me have it." I'm panting out the words as I say them. "I want to feel what it's like to have something so big inside me. I need you to fill me up, please! I'm so desperate and so close and I need it, please give it to me," I moan and scream my pleads, projecting up towards their godliness. God, I need to feel it inside me, I need something inside me! But I know they won't let me just reach my hand down there... or maybe...
They must sense my tempting thought because the toy is steadily plunged deep inside of me. Suddenly I'm stuffed to the brim, the cock softly bumping into my cervix, the width stretching my pussy to the brim and pushing upwards right where I need it. I scream out some incoherent string of exclamations as the curved dildo rocks inside of me. I feel the sweet and delicious heat and passion bubbling up my core as they push the toy in and out of my sloppy cunt. They chuckle again. "H-hhavng fu-uhhhn?" I manage to moan out between the motions.
"Did you just ask me if I'm having fun, little toy?" They start to push the cock into my pussy quicker, picking up speed and force and making the curve hit upwards towards the perfect spot. Soon they're moving me, too, pushing me up and down the toy from their grip on my waist. I let out a loud groan in response and clench around the thick toy as it hits deeper and deeper, harder and harder. Ugh, I'm feeling so full, so pressurized as my body moves towards my climax. I'm moaning but I can't stop, my breath panting and shaky. "Come on, did you?" they ask again.
Oh, I was supposed to answer that question? How am I supposed to reply with my pussy so stuffed? I scream out as they twist the toy just slightly, really ramming it into my g-spot. Stars start dancing in my vision and soon and they're pounding me full-force. My cries are unfiltered and my voice breaks as I'm screeching. "I asked you a question, little doll. Answer me." They're direct and dangerous, but I still can't get out any coherent words. I give one attempt but it comes out as more moans.
"Yehhhss!" I hiss. I manage to open my eyes from their fluttering to see a dark expression across my Highness' face.
"So do you like playing with me, too?" they ask back. Mmf, not another question. They speed up even more, making me squeal like a little vole. The consistent pressure is climbing and the pleasure is overwhelming, my toes tingle as they're penetrating me, getting me closer and closer to the edge with every single push and pull. I'm gripping the toy with my wet pussy, gushing all around the silicone as they're making me ride it. My little hands squeeze onto their big fingers, my hair bouncing with each pump onto the dildo. I feel every little curve and bump as it enters me, making me more and more frantic to cum. The tender bubbly sensation is lighting up my nervous system and riveting through my fingertips. I can't get my breath to stabilize and there's this warm pleasant sensation pulsing from my cunt upwards in my belly. That warmth is spreading and smearing through my muscles and all the way to the tips of my hair. "Answer me, little."
I'm getting so close to the edge with every stroke they give me, my eyes rolling back, I'm about to burst from their tough, unrelenting fucking. Just as I feel myself about to topple into pure bliss, my spine arching, my toes curling, my hair on end, they halt their movements. The toy stays inanimate inside of my cunt, making me whine and wiggle to feel just a little bit of friction that would send me over the edge. But it's to no avail. I huff in defeat.
I hear them growl, "I told you to answer me, doll. What, do you need me to spank you more?" They're sounding impatient but I like the way they fuck me when they're a little frustrated.
"Wh-at was thh ques-tion?" I ask, out of breath and needy. The cum drunk haze is thick but I'm still so desperate to get filled again.
They chuckle lowly, "Do you like playing with me?" They pinch my nipples between their fingers as they ask.
Oh, that's right. "I adore... playing... with you," I say out of breath, spreading my legs a little more and propping my foot up higher on the ridge of one of their fingers, desperate for them to keep playing. "Why did you stop?"
"Mmm, you're lucky you're so fucking hot because you're being a bit of a brat right now, huh? And I don't think brats get to cum." They tease in their scratchy dominating voice.
There's a break in the fog. Uh!! No! "What?? But I want to cum! Please let me cum! I'll be so good for you!" My eyebrows furrow as I beg, wriggling in protest, my sore ass rubbing against their hand behind me.
"Oh you will be? What will you do?" They start to gently rock the toy inside of me in and out again using their pinky, with the tiniest, almost imperceptible movements. Fuck!
"Mmmmf, ple-please! I'll do anything you want!! Please keep fucking me, I need it!" I do, I really do. I feel so close that I can taste it, so frantic that I want to reach down and finish the job myself. But I know that'll lead to more delay in the long run, and certainly more punishment, which will just make my desire exponential. Ugh, too much math.
Pure urgency boils up a groan from deep inside me, and I look up at them through my submission. I'm sweaty and getting sticky in the palm of their hand, my wet stuffed pussy dripping all over my thighs and onto their skin. The leather straps are soaked now, still pinching my soft and squishy thighs and waist, my tiddies held tight.
They look at me up and down, taking all of me in with their wide gorgeous eyes. Their hand brings me even closer to their face, right next to their mouth. Their tongue flicks out between their soft lips and licks me from my toes all the way up my legs and my spread, full pussy to my soft tummy and tiddies till it slathers my face in more spit. They know that drives me wild as I clench my pussy around the toy still inside me. "You taste so sweet," they mumble against my skin. They lower me down so my mouth is right against the tip of their gigantic exposed cock, "Lick my clit, slut," they demand.
A huge drip of precum is waiting for me to take it all in, a full glass of my favorite drink resting right on their tip. I put my hands on either side of their cock and start to slurp up the thick liquid, puckering my lips and sucking as much as I can. The salty tingling cum fills my moth, so delicious it's almost dizzying. I make quick work and soon I'm just lapping up the last sticky remnants, fully dipping my head and dragging my tongue in the largest circles I can muster, desperate to lick their entire tip.
My Highness senses my desire and drags me up and down slowly enough for my tongue to lick the whole head. My hands and legs do their best to wrap around their girth, squeezing gently as I lay back in their palm, horizontal with their cock. I'd have a great view of their face if their perfect clit wasn't eclipsing my sight.
They gently start to slide me up and down, letting my tiddies rub up against their length and their skin slide with me, using me to stroke themself. I'm grinding my hips against them, the silicone still deep inside me, as I hear a loud splat fall right onto my hands and their clit. Their saliva starts to slide down my arms and legs around their girth to help me get the right movement. Worshipping their gigantic cock has been a great new hobby for me, and it gets me so soaking wet and docile. I'm drifting off into the beauty of the repetition and their breathy moans, holding tight like they like.
I'm their usable plaything, and there's nothing I've wanted more than to be right here, sore but soaring, preciously held while being absolutely destroyed. My flesh is tender, my cunt still aching, my ass absolutely on fire as they gently squeeze me to their cock. I'm alive and living an extension of the brief moment that dusk becomes daylight, the in-between of waking and perceptive, as I do exactly as I'm asked and as they desire. All thoughts drift off to wherever as I give control of my body over completely to their hands. They start to pick up the pace and I'm keeping my grip, giving in to their dominance. I'm their doll, and I'm so lucky. I'm their plaything. I'm their fucktoy.
"That's a good little elf, letting me use them like the doll they were meant to be. Do you like my big cock, little doll?" They coo down to me. I nod vigorously and moan as loud as I can against their veins. They groan in response.
All of a sudden their hand returns to pinching my waist and hips delicately, gently pulling my grip from their cock and my hands disconnect from each other. I hear a motor turning on below, probably the vibrator. Ooo yes! I'm grinning sloppily, clenching around the cock that's still inside of me.
But soon the silicone is slipping out, leaving me slowly as I whine for it to stay in. "Patience, baby. I'll give it back to you soon."
There's a little bit of a squishy sound coming from below and I wiggle in their hand to try to get a better view. I can see a peek of them suctioning the toy onto the vibrator again. Momentarily, their hand dips out of view just to return again with the bottle of lube. They squeeze out another drop onto the silicone, but I can't hear it land over the sound of the motor.
They get further away in my view as they lower me back down, their fingers prodding my legs apart and bending my knees till I'm kneeling. They like when I keep the pose they put me in, and I'm more than happy to comply for their capable hands. The anticipation has me gasping.
Then, just as slowly as it left me, my Highness lowers me and my desperate pussy onto the thick dildo again, lining up the tip to my entrance and plunging me down, the vibration ringing through the silicone. Thanks to the curve of the cock, my clit rubs just right and sends shivers down to my fingernails immediately. I moan low and loud, feeling quickly stuffed and overstimulated as they let me drop down onto my knees. Oh, fuck. Ohhh, fuck!
Their right hand starts pinching my tiddies and the left starts to stroke my hair and back, moving down to pinch my ass. I feel my riding motion change as they gently guide me deeper, further forward, rubbing my clit hard against the quaking vibration. I lean in where they're pushing me and it feels even better, the deep friction causing my body to twitch again and again. I start to gain speed, groaning with the rhythm. I flutter my eyes open and notice that their hands are missing from me, and have gone to encircling their towering member.
I howl out to them, my breath shallow and heavy. They're stroking themself quickly, the another drop of precum sits right on their tip and I want it again. I need it again. They position their pulsing cock right above me, just inches out of reach. The drop slides down their head and right onto my tiddies, slathering my skin in their juice and covering the leather completely.
Every vein in their cock is pulsing, even their motions are erratic. I can tell they're already getting close from their breath and their grip. We both pick up speed. I'm feeling the same wave of pleasure climbing steadily in my cunt, every bounce bringing me closer to cumming again. My eyes force open so that I can watch them jerking off to me. "Mm, yes, cum for me. Cum for me, slut," they insist as I drop myself harder and harder onto the thick silicone toy. My eyes cross as I get close. "I want you to imagine that's my huge cock inside your soaking wet cunt," their voice is wildly husky right now, menacing. "Match my speed and cum for me, little fuckdoll." I ride my toy even faster, the vibration ringing through my nerves, the curves of the toy rubbing my g-spot and hitting hard into my cervix, rough and full the way I need it.
Fuck, yes! The full flood starts to hit yet again and I'm feeling like I'm about to burst. "Yes, I'm cu-uminnng!" I yell out with a high pitched scream, the dam collapsing inside and making my eyes roll back completely. I squirt all over the suctioned toy, letting the euphoria take over every millimeter of skin, every follicle on end. Every orgasm has stacked the pleasure onto the previous orgasm to give me the most explosive sensation, a huge accumulation of delight and gratification. I'm floating and sparkling, lit up and shimmering. I'm sustained lightning.
My knees are shaking, my chest heaving from the yelling I've been doing, my arms reaching up to push my matted red hair out of my eyes. Just as I look up, I hear them yell out as they start to cum. The first splatter hits right in front of me, giving me just enough time to close my eyes again before their full load begins to rain down onto me, warm thick globs landing all over my shoulders and tiddies, my hair sticky. I feel the shower coat me for at least twenty seconds, getting completely soaked and drenched with their cum. With a raw, final groan, the last couple of drops hit the table. I reach my arms up, now heavy from the literal glaze coating every crevice of my body, to scoop the creamy liquid from my eyes. I can't help but smile and giggle, making me bounce just a little. I moan out, the vibrator and the dildo still filling and stimulating my sensitive pussy, feeling the cum puddle around my knees and loaded pussy.
My tongue sticks out to start taking in the blanket of cum. It's salty and tangy and so fucking good. I start bouncing up and down on the toy again, using the thick cum to lube me up even more. The giant cock fills me up so deep that I can almost get myself down to the base, causing a cartoonish bulge to form on my lower tummy. I put a hand there, pushing gently on my bladder to feel how absolutely stuffed I am.
I use one hand to keep scooping cum in to my mouth, tongue lapping up as much as possible as the the other hand keeps me steadily bouncing on the dildo. I scream into my dripping fingers as I'm building up the pressure again. It doesn't take much to make me cum now that I'm so raw and used and ready, fucked senseless by this preposterous toy and my generous Highness.
My final climactic build starts up, subduing me further in the gratification and haze. I'm so full of cock, so full of cum, so completely stuffed that I'm feeling my limit, the edge of how much I can fit in me and how long I can go on my knees. Then, the caress of the buildup crests at the surface and plunges me into complete serenity. I'm screaming but no sounds can make their way out, my head back in ecstasy, still feeding myself cum until my eyes roll back and my tongue sticks out, drooling out the liquid. I can't help it, my body wants to give itself over to pure lust and endorphins as often as possible.
"There we go, that's my good elf," their voice is soft and encouraging, the gentle push I need to collapse on the afterglow. I lean forward onto my hands and the vibrator to give my knees a break, but I'm quickly picked up and cradled in the hands of my Highness. I'm exhausted and worn out, shaking and still covered in a thick sheen of their cum.
"Thank you, Your Highness," I mumble. I'm drained so I collapse in their muscles.
Through my drooping eyelids I see them smile lovingly. "What was that?" They raise me gently up to their ear.
I try again, a breathy, wet whisper right next to their earlobe, "Thank you, Your Highness."
They chuckle, "You're welcome, my Prince." Mm, I return the sheepish grin and close my eyes in indulgence. I'm spent, utterly used and primally reposed. I'm still bathed in a warm glow and it's more than the sticky cum all over me.
Cupping me still in their strong hands, they carry me to the bathroom, resting me on a folded fluffy hand towel on the counter. I lounge back, laying on my side with my head propped in my hand. Some strands of sticky cum-soaked hair drop over my forehead and I push them back. Some of the rest of the cum gets absorbed by the towel but I'm good and patient so I wait for the shower.
They've attached one of those spray nozzles to the faucet so that they can bathe me more easily. They pick it up in their big hand and press the button to shower their fingers in the water, finding the right temperature with the dial. They set a small plastic box upside down in the large sink, making the perfect little platform for me to stand on. The soaps and shampoos they use on me are arranged on the countertop already, part of our usual routine. He brings forward the high-end bath wash that comes in a smaller bottle than the rest of the soaps.
"I had so much fun playing with you, Your Highness. You treat me so well," I say in my daze.
They smile down at me and soon their fingers are on me, unbuckling and removing the tight, soaked leather. I'm at their mercy again, letting them flip me around, lifting my arms as they see fit. "I have a lot of fun with you too, little elf. You're so cute when you cum. Watching you scoop up my cum and eat as much as you can is so hot. My little toy really lets me play with them however I want." They coo down at me as they're undressing me.
The doll role is so easy to fall into, so natural for me. I feel relaxed and trusting when they have their way with me, like our only goal in the world is to find fun and delight in every moment, like I was meant to find them and be at their mercy. The sticky harnesses are soon off of my body and dripping on the countertop. So much for that outfit, I guess. Well, maybe they can clean it for me.
I sit up and they hold out their hand flat for me to step on. Complying like a good doll, I get on and they softly transfer me over to the sink where I step off and onto the platform.
Their left hand holds me steady and combs through my hair while the right controls the nozzle over my head. Hot water starts to rise the buildup off and my shoulders relax into the temperature. The layer of cum that's starting to dry up is caressed off my skin, leaving me feeling bare and lightweight. I'm getting a little sleepy as they hold me up, using the pads of their fingers to rub and massage my body, starting with my chest and titties and working down my waist to my hips.
Oh! I gasp as their finger slides between my thighs, gently rubbing my clit just a couple of times to loosen the cum in my little bush. We grin at each other the best we can and I'm feeling so adored and attended to. Emotionally gushy from their focus and physically gushy from my sopping wet cunt.
They set down the nozzle and pick up the bottle of my body wash to squirt out a little dollop onto their palm, rubbing their hands together to form a milky lather. Soon their soapy hands are all over my body, rubbing me and tickling in every crevice from my armpits to my ankles. I'm wiggling and squeaking and giggling in their hands as they slather me up, listening to the music of their laugh as we savor the silly part of bath time.
They use the thin bubbles to start playing more with me, their fingers making my short hair into a very tall Mohawk, giving me a little bubble bikini. We play every moment that we can, giddy with amusement and both delighting in the humor of the other. I never knew I'd be so satisfied living like this, but it's so natural that I know I was built to be their personal source of entertainment.
They spray me down and the bubbles slide down my figure, tracing the supple curves of my waist and sliding down my asscheeks. My hands squeeze my tiddies and slide down to cup the thick meat of my ass and between to sure that I got all the stickiness off my body.
"I could watch you all day," they say, their face bent down closer to the sink to see me in detail. "You've got such nice tits. Turn around a little and let me see that ass?" They move the hose from above me and is replaced by the chill of the cool air. My nipples stand on end and I can tell I'm getting little goosebumps, but I do as they ask and turn around. I shake my ass a little for them as I'm rubbing it and then squat down, bouncing even more to give them a show. My desire to tease them is greater than my exhaustion so I get onto my knees, my ass high in the air, cheeks accentuated from the pose. I bounce more for them, acting like I'm riding them. They spray my ass for me and then aim the nozzle right at my pussy and clit. I scream a little and they laugh at my exhibitionism.
The water leaves me as they return the nozzle to its holder and grab a clean hand towel to wrap me in. "Let's dry you up and feed you, silly little boy." The towel falls over my ass and they shimmy it back and forth to start to dry me. I giggle and stand back up, giving up control of my body once again. Their confident fingers caress my skin with the towel, dabbing and getting every little spot clean and dry. They lift and play with my tiddies and ass cheeks, sliding the towel between my thighs like they did with their finger in the shower, the terry cloth on my clit making me gasp. It's not there for long, and soon the towel is encompassing my head. I shake my hair like a little animal and that makes them laugh again.
My lucky stars are countless as I enjoy the sweeping bounces of their magical laughter. Still wrapped in the towel, they scoop me up and carry me to my dollhouse again, setting me softly onto my bed. My heavy eyelids droop as all of my sore muscles catch up with me. I stretch out my arms above my head and turn onto my side, curling my legs up. I'm not going to sleep, I'm just resting my eyes.
Soon I feel my bed shifting, and my entire mattress is being lifted and taken over to their field-like bed. Directly in front of where they place me is an open fabric napkin with a perfect feast nested inside. They've prepared a hunk of Manchego, a couple of raspberries, a chocolate chip, a huge sliver of prosciutto, and a few cashews for me and I'm so thankful. From the sounds of my tummy, I think that hunger finally caught up with me. I guess cum just isn't enough for a full meal.
My Highness sits down on their bed and scooches up next to me. Their giant leg lifts up and over me, so that my big bed is settled right in between their bare thighs. They grab a remote and click on the television facing us.
Both naked, their flaccid cock behind and to the side of my sheets, cartoons on the screen, I'm lulled into my cushiony puddle of bliss and gluttony.
~mwah~