I should've known better – but I'm competitive and support my team, fiercely loyal to a fault - and you knew just how to push my buttons.
"You know you've got no chance tonight, right?" you taunted me from the bedroom as I stood facing the mirror, fixing my hair before we left for tonight's game.
Incredulous, I turned to look at you. "You're awfully confident for someone whose team hasn't won for the last 5 rounds!"
You smiled at me, smug, knowing it would rile me up.
"I think I've got cause to be confident tonight, I've got a good feeling," you replied.
I turned back to the mirror, somewhat disbelieving that you would be so confident of a win – your team hadn't been playing well and had too many losses to count. Conversely, mine was not only coming off back to back wins but also had our keys players back in the game after a few weeks out – I was confident the boys would do me proud tonight.
You snaked your arms around my waist as you stood behind me, your lips lightly brushing my neck.
"Care to make it interesting?" you asked quietly.
I narrowed my eyes at your reflection in the mirror. "What exactly did you have in mind?" I asked, suspicious.
"When my team is up at half time," you started, lips moving against my neck, "then you give up your panties."
I turned to you, grinning cheekily as I asked, "and if my boys are up?"
You replied, "then same in return".
I laughed at the idea, but had to admit, it was somewhat a turn on.
"What happens when my boys win the game?" I asked.
You smiled at me. "I tell you what. If your boys are up at half time, you can take the second half of the game to think about what you want for a win".
I nodded my agreement as you continued.
"And, when my team is up at half time, I will consider the same thing" you finished with a cheeky grin.
My eyes narrowed at you, suspicious. There was something about your response that made me wonder whether you already had the idea of your unlikely win in mind – but I couldn't tell for sure. It seemed a fair bet though – and I was sure I could think of something to make my win more enjoyable when it inevitably happened.
"Deal."
* * *
"No!" I yelled, jumping up from my seat as your team scored, bringing the score to differ by only one point at two minutes to half time.
You slung your arm around my shoulders and leaned down, your mouth next to my ear as you murmured "I hope they're pretty ones".
I shrugged your arm off in annoyance.
"Don't be so cocky" I answered, nervously, "your boys still have to convert it yet".
We turned to watch the ball fly and I groaned as it sailed directly between the centre of the posts, putting your team one point ahead of mine 30 seconds before half time rung.
As the siren sounded, I turned to you and saw the look of mischief in your eyes.
"Time to pay up, Jessica" you smirked.
I blushed, suddenly rethinking my agreement to the bet, as I stood and let myself be carried in the throng of people toward the ladies' room. I slid the lock of the bathroom door behind me and leaned against the cool wooden door. My hands reached down, sliding my short denim skirt up my firm tanned thighs, high enough to reveal the soft purple Brazilian cut lace panties. I hooked my fingers under the waistband, sliding them down my thighs, pulling my skirt back down to cover my now bare, shaved pussy. I slid my slightly damp panties into the back pocket of my skirt, pulling my shirt down further to cover the pocket.
I left the bathroom, my cheeks burning as I avoided eye contact with fans in the crowded aisles. I knew there was no way that the countless strangers I passed would know I was without panties, but I was still vaguely paranoid. As I reached our row, my paranoia deepened as I had to walk past eight seated people to get to our seats. Turned away from them, facing the field, I prayed that my skirt was long enough to cover my nakedness, as I awkwardly shuffled past these people with my ass at their eye level.
As I slid into the seat next to you, you smiled and held your hand out. I slid your hand onto my ass, so you could feel the panties in my back pocket. You pulled them out and pocketed them, smiling at me.
You leaned back in the chair, your arm around me again; this time I snuggled into you.
"You remembered that this is only half of the bet, right?" you murmured to me, making me blush.
"Yes" I acknowledged. "Have you figured out what you want if you win?"
You moved my hand and slid it into your other pocket. I felt a heavy bullet there and looked at you with curiosity.
"When we win, you will slide this into you before we leave the stadium. What do you want in the unlikely event that you win?" you asked.
I was torn between severe distraction at the thought of that bullet inside me, and the insult of your assumption that my team had lost any chance of winning.
I responded, "when we win, I want to be blindfolded and tied to the bed. I want a hot oil massage and I want your mouth on my pussy until I cum as many times as you think you can make me."
You nodded "Deal" and, with a smirk added "good luck" as the players ran back onto the field.
* * *
I really wished there was more hope with the second half of the game, but the result, for me, was going to be a surprising defeat. With six minutes to go, and a difference of 16 points, I knew there was no fighting back and that I would have to concede defeat; you were going to win the bet. Before the crowds grew, I slid the bullet out of your pocket and ducked to the ladies' room. My bare pussy had been getting increasingly wet since half time, making it effortless to slide the cool metal bullet to nestle inside me. I ran back to our seats, feeling it heavy inside me, sliding in next to you with two minutes to spare and no change in score. The last two minutes of the game were frustrating and pointless, serving only to prolong the frustration of what I thought to be a very bad game. As the final buzzer sounded, the crowd erupted in cheers around us, people springing from their seats. You pulled me to you as we stood up and you celebrated, holding me firm as my knees buckled and I gasped, shocked as the bullet suddenly sprung to life inside me. I clutched your shoulder as I weakened, not having expected the sensations now coursing through my body as it vibrated strongly.
You grinned at the look in my eyes, asking "did I forget to mention that I have the remote control for that little device?"
There was a desperate expression in my eyes as I looked up at you, my eyes meeting yours as I started, "no..."
The vibration suddenly stopped and you smirked as you grabbed my hand, leading me through the crowds of people and out of the stadium. Standing in the crowd waiting for the train, I nestled into you with your arm around my shoulders.
Your friend, James, stood next to you and, as a fellow supporter of my team, was dejectedly wallowing in our broken winning streak. However, as frustrated as I was, the control you had over me and knowing you could start the vibrations again at any moment had me nervous and distracted.
"I thought having a full team back would've given us a better chance" James started, frowning.
I nodded and agreed, "it was a disappointing start, but hopefully we'll be better next week".
You chuckled and interjected, "that's not going to be hard considering who your boys are playing next week".
I narrowed my eyes at you, "yes but -", and stopped abruptly as I felt the bullet start moving lightly inside me. My eyes glazed a little as I enjoyed the sensations, trying to focus on controlling my body, hoping that I wouldn't let on to the platform of strangers that I was so turned on and becoming increasingly wet because of you.
"Jessica" you asked, deceptively innocent. "You were saying?"
I sighed in frustration, looking up to you, my eyes silently begging you to please stop.
"I was saying that it shouldn't matter who we're playing – it's just a bad week, we're totally capable to a win against anyone."
"Except my team" you said with a cheeky grin, stopping the vibration.
My sharp retort was saved by the train pulling up, and the sudden push of bodies against us. Your arm around my shoulders, we were separated from James as the crowd swelled around us and carried us onto the train. The compartments were packed to standing room only, people pressed to us. You held your arm around me as we enjoyed the atmosphere, happily drunk people raucously celebrating.
With people packed around us, the vibrations started in my pussy again. Groaning softly, only loud enough for your ears, I leaned back against your warm body, quietly murmuring "please stop teasing me".
You chuckled softly and told me "I can't wait to get you home".
This thought only served to increase my frustration, suddenly aware that the bullet was not what I wanted to feel inside me.
You leaned to me, your hand snaking around my waist, pulling me back against you so I could feel your growing cock pressing against my ass as you whispered in my ear.
"Do you feel that?"
I subtly nodded, swaying my ass against you.
"When we get home, I want your skirt up, and I am going to bury it inside you," you said.
Knowing you were threatening the things I so desperately wanted, my pussy flooded and I was met with fresh concerns. Without my panties, and with my pussy so wet, I was grateful that we were standing rather than sitting, but suddenly worried that, if you pushed me too far, my orgasm would be evident.
The train jolted, pushing you harder against me.
You continued, "my cock has been waiting to feel your tight pussy wrapped around it all night – or would you prefer your lips to start with?"
I moaned, louder this time, and the man on the seat opposite looked up from his phone, meeting my eyes briefly. I smiled at him, convincingly it seemed, as he looked back down.
"Don't tease" I growled back at you, "you know how much I enjoy that too".
I felt you smile against me. "Why do you think I mentioned it?" you answered, cheekily.
I frowned in frustration, trying and failing miserably to ignore the vibrations inside me and your continued teasing as my body grew closer to orgasm. I stared out the window, watching houses and empty paddocks fly past, hoping desperately that the train would arrive ahead of schedule.
* * *
It was always good to get home, but I've never been so glad to feel the train slowing into the station. Thankfully, it was a short 500m walk to home. I beat you to the house, fumbling with my keys as I hurried to open the door.
"Hurry up" you said, standing behind me, pushing my hair to the side and pressing your soft lips against my exposed neck. A desperate moan escaped my throat as a shudder rolled through my body, feeling my pussy gush as I felt your rock-hard cock press against my ass.
Frustrated, I wrenched the door open. You pushed me through the entrance roughly, pinning me against the wall inside the door, your knee forcing my legs open and your lips kissing and sucking my neck. I gasped, relieved at finally not having to hold back my reaction.
"Yes" I moaned softly, "please".
You kissed down to my milky DD breasts, unbuttoning my shirt as you moved further south, to the waistband of my skirt. Your hands had a mind of their own, roaming over my firm ass (you knew this was a turn on for me) and down to the edge of my skirt, pulling it up to expose my glistening wet pussy. You kept moving, finally on your knees in front of me.
I gaped at you in confusion, not expecting you to take this position, knowing how desperately I wanted you inside me.
You laughed at my confusion, explaining "I wanted to see the effect tonight had on you" as you started to lick my clit, your free hand gently tugging on the cord of the bullet, pulling its weight against me. I groaned in frustration as you smiled.
"Jessica" you said, seriously, "what made you this wet?"
With the combined sensations of your tongue on my pussy, while one hand rubbed my ass and the other tugged on the bullet, I was having a hard-enough time focusing on standing, let alone on answering your question.
"Was it just the sensations of the bullet?" you asked, pulling the bullet harder so it started to slide out of me, before pushing it back in.
I shook my head, and my body started to tremble.
"Was it being in public?" you pushed the question, starting to fuck me with the bullet, "knowing that there were hundreds of strangers around you, any one of who might notice the sound of the vibration, or your juice running down your leg, or catch the look of desperation in your eyes?"
"Yes," I gasped, my hands tangled in your hair, holding you to me, desperate to feel your tongue on my pussy again.
You smirked, pulling your face back and looking up at me.
"Or was it knowing that I was in control of you, knowing that I could press the button anywhere, and at any time, and there was nothing that you could do but submit to the sensations?" your voice turned deep as you asked me, finally sliding the bullet out of my pussy, a gush of my wetness following.
You stood, now face to face with me. Your knees separated my thighs again and you raised the bullet to my lips, letting me taste myself.
"So, what was it?" you pressed.
I lifted my lips from the bullet and answered, "all of it", before meeting your lips with mine, letting you taste me, your knee grinding up against my wet pussy. I couldn't wait any longer for you.
"Please", I begged, desperately, "pl –"
I couldn't finish my second plea, as you swiftly pressed into me, your hard cock sliding into my soaked pussy with ease. There was a simultaneous moan from each of us; mine at the relief of finally feeling you in me; yours as you were reminded that, no matter how wet I was, my pussy remained tight around you.
I wrapped my legs around your waist, grinding my hips against you as I felt you deep inside me. As I leaned back briefly, holding the wall for support as your fingers dug into my firm round ass, you glanced down between us, watching your rock-hard cock thrust in and out of my slick pussy, glistening with my juice.
Overwhelmed by the sensations, I lean into and wrap my arms around you, my face nestled against your neck and you hear my heavy breaths, the moan of frustration every time you pull out of me, and a satisfied gasp when you thrust back in, filling me.
I tightened my legs and dug my fingers into your shoulders, attempting to bounce my body in time with your thrusts, struggling to keep up with you. My head fell back with a satisfied cry, revelling in the sensations as your thrusts quickened, your balls slapping against me. I was so close, my body on the verge of explosion; I just needed a little more.
"Please," I begged desperately, knowing I would be in trouble if I finished without your permission. I felt you smile against me.
"Please what?" you responded, sternly.
I gasped, my question spurred you to fuck me harder. "Please, sir, may I cum?"
"Yes, cum" you commanded.
"Thank you, sir" I answered as, with a loud cry, my body burst into orgasm, trembling as I lost control. Upon feeling my tight pussy clench around you, you were quick to follow, as I felt you explode inside me.
You slid out of me as I collapsed against you, exhausted and trying to regain my breath. I looked up at you with a cheeky grin as I told you "maybe I should lose a bet more often".
You turned on me, eyes narrowing.
"That wasn't the point" you told me, "and if that's what you think, I might need to claim my win properly..."
I smiled sweetly as I turned, squealing as I felt your arms lift me again, carrying me to the bedroom, looking forward to learning what it was supposed to feel like to lose a bet to you.