Introduction
I am Chaney Denton, and these are my stories. Some are bizarre, some are simple, some are so intense you might not be able to handle them. I live for sex, and I'm damn good at it. I am not a whore, call-girl, or a victim. I'm an educated woman with endless means and a sex drive to match. Is it real or fantastical? Does it matter?
Origins.
I think it all started the summer I turned eighteen. In fact, the day I turned 18. On that birthday I was home alone and bored out of my mind. My family didn't really care about birthdays. We weren't close. I was looking for something to do, I started snooping around the house, poking my nose in nooks and crannies, secret cupboards, and drawers I had never bother to open. We lived in a huge house. My dad was rich; a brilliant businessman who could sell anything. And, of course, the family money. Our summer house on the coast was built in the early 1900s, built by a notoriously paranoid collector, endlessly afraid of whatever conspiracy his addled mind concocted. As such, no one really knew the extent of secrets the house held. This, of course, occupied me for hours on the hot summer days I found myself alone with nothing to do, which were many.
On this day, I broke into my dad's liquor cabinet and poured a glass of scotch. It was gross, but I sipped it anyway because it made me feel grown-up and started wandering. I didn't find anything much until I stood outside the door of my older brother Chad's bedroom door. I wasn't allowed in, of course, but no one was home, and no one would be for a while. My parents were at some garden party with their friends, and Chad was in Europe, probably drinking himself stupid on a yacht. No one would ever know. So, I opened the door.
The curtains were drawn against the hot summer sun glinting of sand, giving the deep blue walls of the room a heavy, sultry feel. Huge walnut furniture and old paintings of ships in the sea alluded to an occupant far older than my twenty-two-year-old brother. My stepmom wouldn't let him change anything in the room. She liked the house to have a classic, old feel: a stark contrast to our ultra-modern townhome in New York City.
I rummaged through drawers and armoires, under the bed, in the desk, and under the carpets where I knew there were secret hiding places. I didn't find anything other than a huge stash of pot, which I generously helped myself to, stuffing edibles and joints into my bra, since my tiny shorts didn't have any usable pockets. I had my own (better) hiding places for things like this, and I was happy to rehome some of Chad's supply. Irritated and even more bored than before, I slouched against the drapes of one window. 'Seriously, this is some shit' I thought. I flung my arms out in a useless display of anger. And something clicked where my hand hit the wood paneling to my left. A wicked grin twisted my lips 'Score!'
Inside the hidden cupboard, I found stacks of magazines. Dirty magazines. Of course, I knew these existed, I was eighteen after all. I had played with myself since I was a kid, finding ways to touch my body which made me feel good. Really good. But I hadn't ever actually looked at pornographic material. Unless music videos counted, or the occasional "sex" scene in a movie. I guess I thought I was a good girl, using my own imagination and ingenuity. I reached into the hiding place and pulled out one of the magazines. I don't remember if it was a Playboy, Esquire, Penthouse, or...well take your pick, there are a million of them, and there were probably a few hundred magazines in here. All I really remember is opening the shiny pages and looking at a woman spread before me. She was totally naked. She was biting her cherry-red bottom lip suggestively, eyes staring boldly into the camera. Her breasts were full and heavy, falling slightly to the sides, nipples erect and deeply colored. Her legs were spread wide, her fingers snaking down her inner thigh toward her soft, velvety pussy, lips spread and waiting. Immediately I felt heat traveling across my thighs and between my legs. My face flushed. I turned the page.
The same woman was pictured, this time being bent over a shiny yellow classic car. Her breasts splayed on the hood, legs and round bum spread, displaying her juicy sex and the perfect, tight hole just above it to the camera somewhere behind her. She looked back over one shoulder, towards a man in the foreground. He was pictured from the chin down, facing towards the sex goddess, belt hanging from one hand, his expensive trousers open and suit jacket thrown on the ground to the side. His toned, bronzed arms straining the thin fabric of his white shirt, displaying every tight muscle and sinew. He was ready to take everything she presented to him and more with his, as I imagined it, heavy, throbbing cock. I swallowed hard. I needed that cock with every part of my hungry young body.
The sound of a lawn mower from next door broke me out of an erotic coma induced by yet another magazine from the stacks in the cupboard. I blinked. The bright, shiny covers lay all around me. My panties were soaked, and a deep, throbbing ache had taken over between my legs. "Maybe even just moving will make me cum," I thought. But I didn't want all of that pent-up excitement to go to waste. I had to do something about it. I slowly shuffled all the magazines into a pile and back into the secret space in the paneling. Slowly, so slowly, I stood up and made my way over to the window. I pulled back one of the heavy drapes and peered outside. Across the expanse of our back yard, pool, and tennis court, I noticed a tan, shimmering body across the fence into the Summerset's pool area.
A man, heavily bronzed from the beach sun, was mowing the grassy area near the pool. He had dark hair and his muscles were taught, rippling while he pushing the lawn mower in front of him. His ass was cupped by his to-tight jeans, and just above his belt line were two deep dimples, accentuating the god-like status of his body. I dropped the curtain. The Summerset's hadn't moved in yet for the summer. The house was empty, and I was alone. So was he, it appeared. I stepped over to the mirrored wall in the bedroom and took stock. The full curve of my firm butt cheeks peaked out from beneath my too-short denim shorts. Round and perfect. Legs not too long, but toned and shapely, the perfect complement to my 5'4, curvy body. My shorts hugged low over my hips, perfect oval belly button showing off a femininely soft, shapely abdomen. The thin white crop top I wore showed off the black bra holding full firm breasts which bounced softly when I walked. Especially when I wore a deep v-neck like I was.
"No bra", I decided instantly. "Maybe with a bra he can resist, but without one...no chance in hell." I quickly pulled the straps off my shoulders and unhooked the clasp in the back, effortlessly pulling the bra off under my shirt. The pot all dumped on the floor around me. I shoved it into a pile with my foot and under a nearby stool with my bra. I would get them later. I looked in the mirror again. My pert nipples, soft and pink showed clearly through the thin material, their color deepened from excitement. They swung free and full, straining the fabric of the crop top. Up my pale neck, to a round chin, which showcased full, deeply colored natural lips, and a perfectly curved nose. brilliant green eyes which I had given a sexy cat eye earlier, and deep auburn hair with perfect beach waves that fell just past my shoulders. 'I mean, I'm not perfect but I AM hot'. I grinned at myself in the mirror. Oh yeah. I was hot. At least that is what Chad's friends had been saying for the last year or two. Now for mower-boy.
Out of the room, down the huge stairs and into the backyard my feet took me. I felt like I was floating in a pink haze of lust. I felt my wetness seep through the panties and into the denim between my legs. The seam was rubbing my clit with each step, deepening the ache and moving my lust closer to climax. A small gate hidden under a cloud of roses connected our backyard to the neighbors, and I snuck through it. The mower was still running, the bronzed god headed away from me toward the opposite end of the fence. 'Perfect, this gives me time,' I thought, 'before he turns around and sees me.'
I made my way to a massive white lounger which sat by the pool and along the grass line. I leaned against it, allowing my breasts to fall together and making the perfect curve along my hip line. Man and mower were nearly to the end of the fence. I stood and watched him close the last few feet towards the fence away from me. His shoulders were broad, triceps and forearms thick with muscle. His thighs and butt strained the denim of his pants with each step, slim hips rising and falling, those crazy dimples leading my eyes to a thick, heavily muscled back. He turned back towards me. I watched his startle, but his stride didn't falter.
Sunglasses hid his eyes, but they couldn't hide the lust I knew was suddenly in his eyes, as I felt his eyes skimming my gorgeous body. The denim between his legs bulged and grew tighter. I saw a perfect outline of his growing member, running along the denim against his right leg. The outline moved down the leg a little further. I burned. Finally, he pulled next to me and cut the engine of the mower. He was sweaty and glistening. Defined abs and the most gorgeous chest I had ever seen. Like a Greek statute. Square jaw, full lips, dark hair falling across his sunglasses on the left. He was close enough now, I could see his cock throbbing through his pants. And he just stood there. For so long, that with each passing second, my confidence dwindled. 'What the hell am I doing?? What if he sends me home? What if he says no? Or worse, tells my parents? What if he LAUGHS at me?!' But seriously. Why would he? I was basically offering myself on a silver platter to this gorgeous man in front of me. I wanted him. I NEEDED him. Surely, he wouldn't be able to resist. At least, that's what the bulge in his pants was saying. Finally, when I thought I couldn't wait any longer he spoke. His tone deep and husky, like whiskey and smooth wood.
"Miss." He said, slowly reaching up to take off his sunglasses. "It's a hot day, and you're standing in the sun nearly naked. You are likely to burn. You don't live here, so what do you want?"
I couldn't speak. God he was gorgeous. His dark brown eyes burned into me, and he didn't try to hide those eyes sliding across my body. They trailed across my breasts and lingered on my rosy nipples showing clearly through my white shirt, and then settled on the damp spot of denim between my legs. His eyebrow twitched.
'hmmm...smart. He may be just a lawn boy, but he wants me to ask for it. He wants me to make the first move. Fine. I can do that'.
I pushed myself off the lounger, slowly, clearing my throat. His dark eyes met mine and locked. His manhood was throbbing through the tight denim. A sexy smile curled the corned of my mouth and I took one step towards him. Slowly my hands moved to my shoulders. I trailed them down over my breasts, down to the bottom of my shirt, twirling my fingers under the fabric and pulling it off over my head in a smooth motion. My breasts swung free, trembling from the motion and the memory of the thin fabric which just covered them. The hot summer air toyed my nipples into gentle little mounds, the feeling of exposure making my heart pound. Mower boy didn't flinch. He just stood there like a statue, allowing lust fully into his eyes, unhindered. I shuddered under his burning gaze.
Without a word he covered the few feet between us expertly, smoothly. Like a hunter bearing down on its prey. He was tall. So tall. One huge, veined hand clasped over my shoulder and part way around my neck, it was like a vice. His grip was possessive, his hands rough from manual labor. My chest heaved and trembled with his touch. With his other hand he reached between my legs, touching the wet spot on my shorts, rubbing the seam as he did. I nearly exploded. I felt my eyes roll back slightly in my head, and my neck arched backwards as a bucked into his hand. He pulled away abruptly and lifted his hand to his nose. He inhaled deeply.
"Take them off."
There was no mistaking that he meant my shorts. My fingers trembled as a reached down and slipped the metal through the buttonhole, followed by the short little zipper. I wiggled them over my hips, breasts bouncing against his forearm as I did, and his grip tightened on my shoulder. My tiny black thong made my pale skin seem even more fair. A tiny patch of red peaked around the black. It was bikini season after all, and I had just gotten a wax, but felt weird taking it ALL off.
Mower boy unzipped his pants with one hand and pulled out his member. I almost choked. It was so huge. The veins stuck out around it like tree trunks. It was smooth and taut, thick with lust. I had never actually seen a cock outside of pictures until now. I didn't think it would be this big. Or this gorgeous. Oh my GOD. I had tried little things around the house the last few years. Basically, anything cylinder shaped that I could shove in a condom was fair game, but nothing even half that girth or length. Would that even FIT?
I reached out hesitantly with one hand. I assumed I would suck it or stroke it or something. That seemed like the next step of sex. But he slapped my hand away, towering over me, shoving a finger into the dripping pussy between my legs, and said through clenched teeth:
"You are a little slut. Little sluts don't get foreplay. They get fucked."
He dragged my body against his, and then spun me around so quickly I didn't know what was happening. He pushed me to my knees on the lounger and positioned himself behind me, moving my tiny thong to the side. I felt the hard tip of his cock press against my sopping wet lips from behind. My breath caught in my throat. The pressure increased as he mounted me. I heard myself moan and he split my lips and slid inside me, just a little. I felt what must be the head of his thick cock sitting just inside me, as the familiar waves of a climax began to overtake me. Instinctively I tried to push back into him, but he held me in place. I moaned again. Slowly, slowly he sheathed himself inside me, all the way to the hilt. I felt his low-hanging, heavy package bump into my swollen clit as he split me open. I screamed in an explosion of pain and release. Slowly he pulled himself back, positioning his long rod again at my entrance. Before I knew what was happening, he thrust inside me again, all the way to the hilt. And I screamed, this time in pleasure. Eight more times he thrust, slowly and forcefully in and out of my sopping, virgin pussy, and with every thrust I orgasmed deeply on the length of his cock. On the last thrust, I felt him explode inside me. Hot and spurting, I imagined ropes of his cum filling me.
When his cock stopped jumping inside the tight grasp of my pussy, he pulled out suddenly, making me gasp. My knees were shaking, my head pounding, and I was seeing stars. I tried to stand, but he shoved me back to the lounger, not saying a word.
I waited.
I felt his hand spread my lips apart, and felt him cum start to leak out of me. I felt some trickling down my leg, some sliding over my screaming clit, and drip to the fabric of the lounger. After that he seemed satisfied and pulled me to my feet. Without a word, he pulled his pants back on, and gathered my shirt and my shorts. But instead of handing them back to me, he folded them neatly on the lounger.
"Good girl. Let my cum soak into your panties. Now go home."
I stared at him in disbelief. "Buu...but what about my clothes?"
He shook his head. "You get to walk home naked after a stunt like that."
And without another word, he walked back to the mower, started the engine, and continued across the lawn.
I don't know why I listened to him and didn't just take my clothes. But I didn't. Instead, I hurried as fast as my swollen pussy would let me back to the gate and across the lawn. As I made my way across my lawn and into the back of the house, I thought I saw curtains move in an upstairs window. But it must have just been my imagination, because no one was home. I crept up the stairs to my room, locked the door and collapsed on the bed.