I found it hard to relax, sitting in the community hot tub's swirling bubbles. It wasn't because I was nude. I've been naked with other people many times. I suppose I was tense because of my lingering eye contact with the well-endowed female sitting directly across from me.
She wore her long light brown hair piled high on her head, secured by one of those large clips. No young chick, I placed her age somewhere in the mid-forties. That was fine with me, having passed her age a decade ago. I glanced across several times, noting the array of light freckles on her face, arms, and upper chest (the areas above the waterline). She was attractive, but not beautiful. A thin chain around her neck held an Egyptian-style cross I'd seen at other clothing optional venues. I figured that she was probably accustomed to being socially nude.
Thankfully, it was mid-afternoon and we were the only two people in the hot tub at the time. As I glanced across again, the lady opened her eyes and noticed my gaze. I didn't look away and neither did she. After a long moment, her faint smile let me know that she didn't mind my voyeurism. I smiled back, then closed my eyes.
Minutes later, I felt her foot touch mine under the water and I raised my head. She spoke for the first time. "Oh, sorry." I smiled at her. "No problem. It felt kind of nice, actually," I replied. Our feet made contact several more times, partly because I stretched out a bit more. I moved my foot, but failed to make contact, so I opened my eyes. My lady friend had raised herself out of the tub and was sitting Indian-fashion on the deck. I enjoyed my first full view.
I half expected her to have nice firm breasts. My lady had pale pink nipples, about half-dollar size. I let my eyes slowly scan over her 36C tits, and couldn't help but stare at the shiny silver barbell placed horizontally through her erect left nipple. I raised my eyes to hers and again saw a cute smile on her lips. She knew I was checking her out and she was enjoying it.
I let my eyes search lower and noted that her torso no longer sported the hourglass shape of a twenty-something girl. Rather, she displayed a more mature thickness that spoke of experience, not naivete. As I continued my inventory of her charms, she squirmed a little on the edge of the tub and let her legs open just a bit more.
Her mound was somewhat prominent. A trimmed triangle of sparse, light brown hair started well below her navel and tapered as it traversed her outer labia. My friend's slit was no more than a thin cleft in her peach. Her inner lips remained out of sight. I liked her legs too. She had long, solid-looking legs, slim ankles, and pretty feet. Her bright red toenails were perfectly trimmed. Yes, I'll admit that I have a foot fetish, in addition to my other quirks.
My lady had a light tan, but I failed to see any tan lines. I visualized her stretched out on a towel at the nude beach just a few miles distant. I looked up finally and returned her inviting smile. "The water's pretty warm today," she offered. I nodded as I continued to marvel at my good fortune. I chose an excellent hour to soak in the hot tubs. I suppose the warm water and the views of this hot woman overtook me. I smiled and nodded to her. I stepped out of the tub and reached for my towel. I moved slowly, giving her ample time to check me out. Her wide grin told me she appreciated my unhurried effort.
Moving back inside, I turned on one of the three shower heads and let the water cool me for a couple of minutes. After the refreshing shower, I retrieved my towel and walked into the community sauna. Sitting on my towel, I felt my pores open up to wash away the various toxins. As my mind began to wander back to the lady in the tub, the sauna door opened and she stepped inside. She stood for a moment, letting her eyes adjust to the low light. She noticed me on the upper tier, my back against the left wall and my left leg bent.
Smiling to herself, she mounted the upper tier and sat on her towel with her back against the opposite wall. Again, we were facing each other, this time in full view. Her naked form mesmerized me. I looked longingly at her full bust with just a slight degree of sag. My gaze returned to the little silver bar that impaled her nipple. "How long have you had it?" I asked quietly.
"Had what?" she replied as she parted her legs more.
"Your pierced nipple," I responded a bit shyly. She thought for a moment, then replied, "About seven years, a long time before piercing became so popular."
I nodded knowingly. "Yes, piercing and tattoos have become quite the rage." As I spoke, she failed to make eye contact. Her eyes were on my smooth-shaven genitals. My legs were spread and she had an unobstructed view of my sexual equipment. Her gaze affected me and additional blood rushed to my thickening cock. It twitched involuntarily.
Quickly, she looked up and our eyes met once more. "We're alone in here right now," she began in a low voice, "so I guess it's okay for me to tell you how aroused you've made me."
Somewhat taken aback by her admission, I started to offer an apology. "I'm sorry if I've offended you, but I can't help myself. You are absolutely stunning," I blurted.
"Oh, no," she countered, "for some odd reason I enjoy the fact that you find me attractive. Every time you look at me, I get all tingly inside. I hope you will forgive me for staring at you. I know you've caught me several times. You have a very nice build."
Nodding, I held her eyes with mine. "I'm somewhat of an exhibitionist myself…and a voyeur too. It's great that you get a kick out of seeing an older man. My name's Ken," I volunteered.
"I'm Sharon," she responded with a wide smile. "I guess we're two of a kind." Sharon pulled both legs up to her ample chest, exposing the full length of her slit to my view. She let her knees paart allowing me to see the outer labia open and her thin inner lips bloom, glistening with her womanly dew.
"What a beautiful sight," I said as she held her pose for me. The fingers of her right hand slid through her sparse pussy bush and she toyed with her wet slit as I watched in awe. "Incredible," I whispered as her deft fingers pressed on her mound and dipped into her honey pot.
"Your turn," she urged as she continued to pleasure herself. Unthinking, I gripped my now stiff prick in my right hand and slowly stroked it as I gazed at her busy fingers.
"Show me your balls, please," she asked shyly. "I like to see nice big balls like yours." I quickly obeyed, holding them up with my left hand.
"I'm getting very wet," she admitted. A couple of drops of pre cum emerged from my thick penis and I used my index finger to wipe them off. Next, I put my finger to my lips and licked off the cum as she watched.
Sharon sank her own fingers into her sopping cunt over and over, then sucked them clean, consuming a quantity of her sticky nectar. I could smell her heady aroma in our confined space.
Sharon made several more trips between her swollen cunt and her mouth. Then, she began to pant as she furiously finger-fucked her hole. Whe watched as I jacked off my hard cock, my balls bouncing beneath my fist.
"Cum with me, Ken," she begged as her whole body began to shudder. "Oh, yes, feels so good. Oh, God, I'm there," she moaned as she flooded her hand and towel. Unable to hold back, I shot jet after jet of creamy jism across my towel. More cum covered my own hand as my urgency subsided.
"Let me taste," Sharon pleaded. I reached across the short space separating us and let her suck the white juice from my fingers and hand. "Mmm, tastes good," she confirmed and smiled at me. "Thanks."
I smiled at Sharon. "Got a present for me?" I asked. She nodded and pressed two fingers into her juicy hole. Sharon stretched her arm and I leaned forward. Sucking the nectar from her sticky fingers was extremely arousing. I'll never foret how you look, taste, and smell," I honestly confessed.
"Do you have time to get a bite to eat after our soak?" I asked tentatively. Sharon shook her head after a brief hesitation. "Sorry, I have to pick up my husband at the airport in a little while. He's been gone all week and I just needed some relief. I hope you don't think I'm terrible for doing this. He doesn't know how naughty I can be sometimes when I'm alone."
"I'm betting he will enjoy his homecoming tonight," I chuckled. "Maybe you should put on the same show for him and see how excited he gets."
Sharon grinned and nodded her agreement. "Shall we shower now and destroy all this evidence before somebody else opens the door?"
I followed her swaying ass to the group showers and we took turns soaping and feeling each other. When we returned to the hot tubs, four other people were already soaking. "Guess our private time is over," I whispered as we put our towels on the pegs. Nobody knew us, so we sat next to each other in the tub and let our hands roam over each other while watching others come and go. At one point, we were alone with one other couple. The other gal moved in front of her husband and sat on his lap, facing him. We watched as she adjusted herself several times. It was obvious that she had slipped his cock inside under the bubbles.
Sharon surprised me by following their lead. She straddled me and grasped my stiff rod in her hand. In one easy motion, she found the spot and lowered her still-wet cunt onto me. Sharon's sheath fit around my thick shaft like a glove. Her soft mound settled down against my pelvis. Sharon's luscious tits were poking out at me and I took her left nipple in my mouth, rolling her little barbell around with the tip of my tongue. Sharon moved slowly back and forth, riding my hard cock, her hands resting on my shoulders, her eyes on the couple across the tub from us. The other couple seemed to be doing the same thing as we watched each other fuck. "The other couple doesn't know that Sharon and I are nearly strangers!" I mused.
Hearing new voices, both women quickly slid back into the sitting position and we grinned at each other. The new arrivals would never know what we were doing a few seconds earlier. After a few more minutes of warm soaking and caresses, Sharon whispered, "I really have to go now."
I followed her swaying ass to the group showers once more. After toweling off, we walked to the co-ed dressing room and donned our respective uniforms for our return to the real world. "I wish we had more time," Sharon said with a touch of sadness. "I really did enjoy our short time together, Ken. I hope you did too."
Our eyes met one final time. I leaned forward and gave Sharon a long, deep kiss. "I won't forget," I said. "Your husband is a lucky man, and I'm sure he'll be more than happy to finish what we started."
"Maybe I'll tell him that I started without him," she giggled. "He loves to take me to the nude beach and show me off. He's also talked about finding another couple to play with sometime. I'm not sure he's ready for me to actually live out the fantasy, though. I know one thing for sure; his cock is going to get a full workout later tonight. Thanks for being so nice, Ken."
We parted at the front door. I looked back after a few paces, but she had already turned the corner. "Bye, Sharon," I mumbled as I put the key in the door of my rent car. "Guess I'll stop and get a burger and some beer to take back to the room. I'll need some dinner before I relive this afternoon and jack myself off."