Kate's Night Out
A small breeze blew by Kate, she rubbed her bare arms with her hands. It wasn't cold out, in fact, it was the middle of summer, but the breeze was a reminder of her current situation. Here she was in the middle of the night, walking through an empty park.
This wasn't a regular activity for Kate, no this was the first time she was doing something like this. Right now she was preparing to do one of the scariest and most exciting things in her life. She was planning on streaking through the park.
As she rubbed her bare arms she could feel the tiny tingles all over her arm, she knew it wasn't because she was cold, but she was excited. This was the most daring thing she was ever going to do, sure she had walked around her home naked, even ventured out in her backyard in the buff, and most recently conducted a video interview with her co-workers unable to see that she wasn't wearing any bottoms, but this would top all of it.
Kate had been planning this night for a while, it's all she could do locked up in her house because of the pandemic. Thinking about which park was far enough away from her home, what day would be best, and making sure it wouldn't rain while she was out. Everything led up to today, she left her home in as little clothing as needed, sandals, t-shirt, shorts, and panties.
"I guess this is far enough," Kate whispered to herself as she looked around.
She had walked twenty minutes away from her car and was now standing beside a wall of trees, with a playground on the opposite side of her. She walked past the tree line and further into the forest, it may be deserted but she still felt uncomfortable taking off her clothes without any source of cover. Once she was far enough in she looked around one last time to make sure she was alone.
"I guess this is it," Kate muttered, she could feel her heart about to leap out of her chest, that's how fast it was going.
She stepped out of her sandals, then reached inside of the waistband of her shorts and panties, she gave one last look around before yanking both of them down. She could feel her face heat up as she was now standing bottomless in the middle of a park! Her pussy and ass completely exposed for anyone to see. She fiddled with the hem of her shirt, she unconsciously pulled it down to cover her pussy. She knew being bottomless in public was a fantasy of hers, but she didn't expect to be this turned on so soon! She glanced down and could see her nipples poking through her shirt. She bit her lip and began to think what if someone stumbled upon her right now, they would see she wasn't wearing anything below, but more embarrassing they'd easily realize she was getting off on this. Deciding she'd wasted enough time she slowly pulled her shirt up and over her head.
Kate did it, she was now standing completely naked in the middle of a public park. She glanced down at her body, after so many nights where she dreamt of being naked in public, she almost didn't believe it.
She was about to toss her shirt in the pile with the rest of her clothing when her finger brushed on something wet. Kate frowned, she double-checked the weather forecast three times, it shouldn't be raining. Kate looked down wondering why her shirt was wet, and immediately blushed. On the lower half of her bright red shirt was a giant wet stain, right where she was earlier pulling it down to hide her pussy. She used her right hand to brush along her clit, she had to bite her lip to hold back her moan, yup she was definitely wet down there and very, very aroused.
"Can't believe I'm leaking like a facet!" Kate said dropping the shirt on the ground as if it was on fire, the evidence of her arousal, not something she wanted to keep looking at.
She decided it would be best to leave her clothes here, they were far enough away so no one would find them, and she didn't want to be carrying them around.
Kate crouched down as she peered through the trees and shrubs, the park was still deserted. She slowly took one step and made her way towards the open part of the park. Once she was settled behind a tree she gave one last look, no one was there. Taking a deep breath she poked one leg out, and then followed with the rest of her body.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck." She whispered as she stepped out of the tree line, her arm and hand covering her small breasts, and the other hand covering her pussy. Kate could feel herself taking heavier and heavier breaths, she was actually doing. She was standing in an area that on an ordinary day would be crowded with kids and parents, completely naked, with nothing on her.
She took a few more steps until she was right in the middle of the open field. If anyone were to stumble upon her now they would definitely see her before she could run and hide. Kate slowly dropped her arms to her side. It felt freeing just standing there, completely exposed, with nothing on you. This was her fantasy right here, to be naked in public with no cover, no phone, no ID, nothing.
"Have to thank Nicole when I get back home." It was thanks to her friend that pushed her to do this that she finally mustered up the courage to plan this out.
Though part of the reason Kate was hesitant to go out and streak was in part of her body. Don't get her wrong she was damn proud of it, but there was always a little insecurity. For instance her small boobs, she liked her boobs just fine, but when most women in her family had c cups and as she looked saw that she was nowhere close to that size, you couldn't help but feel a little insecure. Then there was the fact that she hadn't shaved her small bush. Kate actually liked the look but the problem was the carpet didn't match the drapes. If anyone were to stumble on Kate naked they would see her blonde hair and then her dark-haired bush. It's like wearing mismatching underwear, it's still fine and looks sexy, but it's definitely noticeable and doesn't look as good as matching. Well at least her nice ass something to brag about, definitely turned heads.
But Kate wasn't doing this to impress someone, she was doing this for her own pleasurable desires. She started walking further down the field, it took every bit of self-control to not cover herself as she walked. Every sound her footsteps made felt three times louder than it actually was, and more embarrassing was that her juices were rolling down her legs, making so that every time her thighs rubbed against one another she could hear how wet she was. Each step made was a reminder of how horny she was.
In fact, she was finding it difficult to walk now that she was thinking about it. Each step reminding her of a wanting need.
"Not here." Kate panted trying to control herself, she planned to streak through the park, not masturbate in the middle of it!
But she'd underestimate how turned on she'd be this quick. Deciding that walking wasn't helping she started to run. She didn't have a path in mind she just ran!
"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Kate muttered as she ran through the park, not bothering to even cover herself. At first, it felt strange, just running and having her boobs just bounce everywhere, she wanted to cover, but she stopped herself. Then partway through she just started to laugh, how ridiculous did she look right now? Running bare ass naked in the middle of the night and not caring?
It felt freeing, the feel of her bare feet against the soft grass, her body giggling every time she moved, the wind going through her blonde locks, she'd never felt anything like this. Halfway through Kate didn't even care she was naked, because this felt incredible. The best part was it felt like her body was having tiny orgasms, her pussy was constantly tingling at the sensation.
She must've run in a circle because she started to recognize the playground she was running towards. She slowed down in front of a bench breath to catch her breath.
"Fuck, I just streaked through the park!" Kate said to herself.
She smiled to herself that she actually had the courage to do it, boy was Nicole going to be jealous of her.
Now that she wasn't as nervous about being seen she wanted to enjoy this a little longer. Her hands began wandering about; at first, suspended above her as she enjoyed the sensation of the wind blowing about her arms as it caressed and tingled her.
She felt sexy and more comfortable in her own skin than she ever had.
Due to her utter timidity, she had never taken the time to discover and enjoy the pleasurable sensations that her naked skin could provide. The wind and her own slow-motion provided a sweet gratification that had been unknown to her up that point.
As she waved her arms about, she could feel her skin moving and swaying freely as well as the gentle roll of her small breasts. Every inch of her being was alive and alert. The world around her had dissipated and disappeared. She was in the moment. She wanted to feel more.
Kate brought her fingers to her hair enjoying its softness and the waviness of her blonde locks. She felt every single strand on her skull as her curly mass moved under her touch sending chills down her spine.
She then moved down to her face and her ears with a light touch. It was soft and delicious, and she did not want to stop as she made her way down her soft neck.
"Mmmmm" She shivered and quivered all over when her nail brushed her erect nipples.
Kate knew she should probably stop before she does something she can't stop, but she was in her own trance as she continued to explore every inch of her own body.
Her hands moved from her chest to her belly and slowly made their way down to the curly patch of dark curls that was covering her sex.
Her eyes shot open at the sensation, she didn't expect to feel this good!
Her index finger had brushed against her pussy and it was oozing with the juices of her excitement. Kate was feeling hot, soft, and oh so very sensitive.
The desire from earlier had grown. All that mattered now was her need to cum.
She laid herself down on a nearby bench as she spread her legs for better access.
Once she had settled in a comfortable position her hands began rubbing, massaging, probing, and digging into her wet opening.
She wanted to fill the void that was calling her to her loins. She stretched her hungry labia with her left hand as she dug one finger of her right hand into herself, then another and another until all fingers but her thumb was penetrating her.
Kate couldn't hold back and started to cry out loud of the pleasure, her breathing was getting heavier and heavier, and her entire body was covered in sweat from how hot she was feeling.
She wanted and needed more.
She was working her hand into her pussy up to the knuckles. In and out, in and out; keeping her fingers completely inserted into her pussy for longer and longer amounts of time with each penetration.
After some time, she just left her hand inserted as deep as she could, just before the hand reached its widest part. Kate cried out in pain and tried to relax as she pulled herself open further.
Time stood still as she let her flesh get used to the pressure. She tried to loosen herself more to accommodate her small hand.
When the initial sting and burn had dissipated, she applied a final push into herself and fully inserted the rest of her hand.
"Ahh!" Kate cried out, raising her butt off the bench to the invading limb and started humping her hips into a frenzy.
"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck ME!" She screamed in delight as her body exploded in a mixture of noise and colors, she could feel her walls wrap around her hand as she came from the orgasm. Her body shaking uncontrollably from the electricity shooting through her.
Kate slowly emerged from her blissful state and a deep burn of humiliation overtook her like the memories of what she just did came back to her. She scrambled off the bench and covered herself with her hands.
"Fuck me, I can't believe I just fucked myself out in the open!" "Her face blushed as she saw a fairly large stain on the bench, made from the juices her horny body made.
Kate also noticed at this point the wind had gotten stronger, to the point she started to feel a little cold. Knowing she was close she made her way back to her clothing. It took her a few minutes but she finally made it to the small clearing she was just in. It was still dark so she had to crouch on all fours to see anything.
"Come on, where the fuck are they?" Kate swore as the minutes passed by and she couldn't find any of her clothing.
She could feel her heart start to race, not out of excitement but now out of fear, she still couldn't find her clothes!
"Fuck me. Fuck me, fuck me." She cursed a bit louder, frustration starting to grow. Kate looked out of the tree line, yes she remembered seeing the playground from here, so where were her clothes?
She finally got off her hands and moaned out loud in annoyance. It's then when she was looking up did she notice something flapping above her. Her eyes narrowed as she tried to get a better look, it looked like...her panties!?
"How di-'' It's then a gust of wind blew by her did she realize the wind had carried her clothes away!
"Fuck me!" She yelled, great, she was naked, covered in her own juices, and now had no clothing on her!
The blonde knew she had to leave with some clothing, so she bent her knees and jumped trying to reach her panties. Her fingers wrapped around it but when she was falling down she could feel the garment start to stretch, she heard a small ripping sound and soon landed on her feet. She looked at the panties in her hand and see a small tear on the side of it.
"Fuck me!" Kate fumed as the only clothing she had was sporting a small tear.
The fact that there was nothing else to put on, she begrudgingly put on a ripped pair of red panties. Even though she was wearing an article of clothing Kate still felt very much naked. She cupped her breasts as she started to make her way to her car.
Up until this point Kate still felt she had a safety blanket, she knew while streaking that her clothes were waiting for her here and that she would be alright, but as she ran through an empty park nearly naked, she felt more vulnerable than ever.
"Fuck, fuck fuck." She kept repeating as she constantly turned her head in every direction making sure there was no one around. The logical part of her head told her that no one should be here at this time of night, but her fear was so overpowering.
When Kate finally made it to her car she sighed in relief, it wasn't her home but she should feel safe in a car. She grabbed the spare car key she left underneath one of the tires and climbed inside. So much in a rush, she didn't even put on a seatbelt as she turned the ignition and drove the car out of the parking lot.
Kate smiled to herself as after a few minutes of driving she started to calm down, she was safe. Her parkway was only a couple feet from her door, she could easily run in, unlock her door, and get inside her home before any of her neighbors could see her semi-nude state.
She started to laugh a little at her earlier behavior. "Can't believe I was so scared, its the middle of the night, who would be out at this time of night?"
It was at that moment Kate heard a police siren behind her. She turned her head praying that it wasn't coming in her direction, but her heart broke as she saw the car driving behind her. She bit her lip as the idea of explaining to a cop on why she was naked wouldn't end up well.
"Fucking man would probably take his time just to get as much of a peep show as possible." She muttered, she pulled over to a curb. She was still a few minute's drive from her home, she was so close!
She started to tap her fingers on the wheel in nervousness, hoping that the officer was merely responding to something else and would just drive past her. Unfortunately, Kate was not that lucky as the cruiser slowed down and parked right behind her.
The blonde couldn't stop her leg from shaking as she was seconds away from her worst nightmare becoming a reality. Sure she knew the risks involved with streaking outside, someone may catch her, but that was why she left in the middle of the night, in the middle of the pandemic when no one would be outside.
The car door opened and Kate could see the officer step out.
"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Kate repeated as she looked all over her car trying to find some sort of clothing, there had to be something!
The officer started to make their way over to her, he'd be beside her in seconds!
It was then Kate noticed something black on the bottom of the passenger seat, she didn't care as she grabbed it and used it as a makeshift blanket of sorts, covering her breasts and as much of her lower half as possible.
A knock on her window caused her to jump as she was adjusting the 'blanket'. She turned her head and faced the window only to be seeing the face of...a woman?
She has these piercing eyes that look like they're staring into your soul, accented by high cheekbones, that give her this classical beauty look. Her lips are plump and almost always smiling, almost hard to imagine this girl ever sad. Even with the vest, Kate could tell the woman had quite the large...bust. She could feel herself blushing as she realized this officer had an uncanny resemblance to her hot co-worker Diane. But she's a fantasy for another time.
Just the idea of Diane was starting to make Kate aroused again, she unconsciously closed her legs even tighter.
She quickly rolled down her window and slowly poked her head out, she gave the officer a smile, trying as best as possible not to show her nervousness.
"H- Hi of- officer. I see you had the same idea for a lovely midnight car ride." Kate said, trying to hide how attractive and scared she was of this woman.
The police officer just stared back, it wasn't for a few awkward moments before Kate noticed it wasn't at her she was staring at, but more so what she was wearing. She looked down and easily noticed why, the 'blanket' she'd used was actually a black garbage bag.
Her mind went blank as she tried to come up with some reasonable explanation as to why she was wearing a garbage bag.
"I uh-"
"Why are you wearing a garbage bag, ma'am." The officer said Kate flinched at the hard tone. She squirmed in her seat.
"You see, what happened, it's just something silly..." Kate blushed as she started to ramble, this was so embarrassing.
She was cut off as the officer placed her hand on her forehead, Kate clenched her hands closed as she could feel the spark of someone quite attractive touching her.
The officer removed her hand from Kate's face. "Hmmm, you're quite hot, you should step outside for a couple of minutes. Maybe then you'll be better able to answer my questions."
A dreamy smile came over Kate's face, she didn't hear much after the words 'you're quite hot'. "You think I'm hot." She repeated happily.
"Yes, now please get out." She responded, oblivious to Kate's demeanor.
Almost on autopilot, Kate opened the door, she proceeded to step out when she felt something snag on her panties. She broke out of her thoughts as she realized what she was about to do. It seemed Kate had once again gotten lost in the idea of lust and wasn't thinking clearly.
When she reached down to try to find what her panties were snagged on, the 'blanket' started to slide down. Squealing, Kate grabbed it before it could fall completely away. She froze for just a moment, trying to figure out what to do next.
"What's the matter? Need help?" The policewoman took her arm and pulled, and Kate had no choice but to stand up, and be pulled out of her car.
Unfortunately, her underpants didn't. Snagged on the buckle of her seat belt, they ripped clean away, and Kate felt the warm wind gently caressing her suddenly exposed pussy. With a cry she tried to cover herself, but that loosened her grip on the bag and it fell away, leaving her standing by her car on the empty roadside, under the eyes of the police officer, naked.
Kate could feel her entire body flush red as she was now standing completely naked in front of this intimidating woman. Worse, the breeze caught the garbage bag and sent it flying far out of reach.
"Hmmm." The officer was studying her with a hint of a leer on her craggy face. "Looks like I'm going to have to charge you with Indecent Exposure."
Kate did her best to cover herself, one hand cupped over her surprisingly wet pussy, the other arm back across her breasts again. "Please, Officer, I can explain . . ."
"Look, I don't care if it's a sorority prank, or some dare off one of those pervert Internet pages, or what," The lady told her. "Your reckless driving was bad enough, but this is too much. I think it would be best if you came down to the station with me."
Kate's eyes widened in horror, no this was getting much worse. She was naked, if she cuffed her and brought her down then she would be paraded in front of so many people naked, she wouldn't be able to cover herself!
The officer soon forcefully turned her around and grabbed both of her arms, she pulled them back, and before Kate could try to explain she felt the cold metal of cuffs locking her arms in place.
Kate had to bite her lip as she was now naked, being manhandled by this beautiful woman and now tied up. She didn't know what was worse, being arrested, or being increasingly turned on by this.
She felt the officer start to pull her around her car until they were standing in front of her hood, she felt the officer place her hand on the back of her neck and push her down until she was bent over. Kate couldn't help but moan as her eyes crossed at the lewd position she was forced in. It took every urge to not shake her ass.
The thing about Kate was she enjoyed the submissive role, she discovered it recently when she let 'Mistress Nicole' control her for one night. She couldn't remember how many times she came, but the experience of having someone control you so very arousing. The fact that even though there were nothing remotely sexual intentions about what the officer was doing, the cuffs, her being naked and now bent over with her ass hanging out made her mind flash of a sexual fantasy. She could feel her pussy continue to moisten.
"Not now," She whispered, she'd die of embarrassment if she came right here, right now. She needed to distract herself.
"So uh, do you have a name?" Kate asked.
"Stephanie." She replied.
"Oh that's nice, can I call you Steph for short?"
"Nope."
"...Okay then." Kate replied, feeling this situation got even more awkward.
A jingling sound got both of their attention. Kate had to turn her head the other way and see what that sound was. Her eyes widened as she saw it was someone riding their bicycle and it was coming their way!
She lifted herself up and tried to hide behind her car, but Stephanie placed her hand forcefully on her lower back keeping her in place. She squirmed as the bicyclist was right upon them. She turned her head the other way, trying to hide her identity.
She felt her face flush as she heard the bicycle stop close by.
She heard a low whistle. "And here I thought this was a boring neighborhood." Oh god, of course, it had to be a man.
"Move on, just arresting a streaker." Stephanie told him before resuming whatever the heck she was doing.
She could hear him getting back on his bike, right before she was sure he was about to leave she saw a flash go off behind her. She cried out as the man had taken a picture of her in this vulnerable position. Soon followed by another, and another. Kate could feel tears rolling down her eyes as she was being humiliated and exposed by two strangers, none of whom cared for her dignity.
Soon she heard the man get on his bike and she watched as he rode down the street, leaving the two women alone.
"You couldn't give me something to cover myself!" She snapped.
The officer looked back at her with a small smile forming on her lips. "I thought you enjoyed people looking at you naked."
"Excuse me?" Kate said surprised by the response.
"Isn't that why you were streaking in Cherry Grove Park earlier." Kate's eyes widened at her words, she knew!? "I got a call from a jogger about a naked woman running through the park. By the time I got to the scene, I saw your car leaving. I almost ignored you, but then I saw your small tits through the window and knew you were the one."
Kate started to freak out, someone saw her in the park!? Her heart started beating faster, what if that same person saw her masturbating on the park bench!? Oh god she couldn't handle the shame of knowing one her neighbors saw her at her most intimate moment. What was worse was that a small part of her liked the idea of someone watching, of someone watching her moan out in pleasure as she came.
She could feel the officers foot on her leg forcefully pushing it.
"Wh, what are you doing?" Kate asked nervously.
"Performing a cavity search. Now spread your legs!" She ordered.
Kate whimpered at the thought of being violated like that, in such an open place too! Heck if someone looked out their window they'd see everything right now!
"But I haven't done anything! You can't just cuff me and do this to me!" Kae tried to argue, she moved up trying to literally stand up to Stephanie, but only for the cop to push her back down.
"Oh?" A cheeky smile formed on Stephanie's face "Then why did I find this in your car?" she proceeded to reach into her pocket and pulled out a small bag containing what she assumed to be weed.
"But you pulled that out of your pocket. That isn't mine!" Kate tried to argue back.
Stephanie merely shrugged her shoulders "Who do you think my boss will believe? A highly respected officer, or an exhibitionist who's currently leaking all over her own car?"
Kate blushed as it seemed Stephanie noticed how aroused she was, she bit her lip in frustrations all it did was give her another power to hold over her.
"Now I can either take you back to the station, parade you in front of all my male co-workers and put you in a cell with other people, in plain view of both men and women, or, I can conduct the search right now?" The woman offered.
Both options didn't sound appealing at all, she squirmed as she looked around her surrounding. She couldn't see anyone in sight, but all it took was for someone she knew to see the officer coping a feel on her before she could never show her face outside her home again. This wasn't fair!
"Fine! But just do the search quickly okay? Before anyone else sees me like this." She harshly whispered.
"How quickly this goes is entirely up to you," Stephanie said as she let go of her hand on Kate's back.
Kate frowned in confusion at what she meant before she felt both of her hands on her back and trailing down. She squirmed a little as Stephanie brought her hands down her back, not roughly, it was very soft and she seemed to be taking it slowly.
She bit her lip when she was certain the hands were about to reach her butt, but then stopped. She surprised her a moment before she felt Stephanie's hands resume on her lower thigh. She bit her lip as she felt Stephanie's hand on just rubbing her thigh, teasing her with how close she was to her lips.
"Spread your legs," Stephanie whispered close to Kate's ear, her hot breath making her gasp. She didn't trust her voice to not crack and just spread her legs like commanded.
Kate felt her hand start to make its way down, softly rubbing her leg, leaving tingles along the way. Stephanie would soon move onto the other leg and rub it sensationally. She didn't know if she was purposely teasing her to get a reaction out of her but it was working. She was trying so hard to not make a sound, but her hands were so soft and felt so good! What made it even more nerve-wracking was that as Stephanie's hands roamed her body she could feel her hot breath on her skin.
She soon felt the hands let go of her legs and she breathed a sigh of relief now that it was over. Suddenly she felt the familiar hot breath flow in the back of her pussy and causing it to moisten, she moaned out at the feeling. Oh god, now Stephanie knew she was getting turned on by this.
Even with her back to her, Kate could feel the woman's smirk on her face.
It was then she suddenly felt the weight of the officer's body on top of hers. Her hands were placed on her waist. She squirmed at the sudden closeness she could feel Stephanie's hot breath on her neck, she blushed as Stepanie could probably feel the heat radiating off of her.
"Did you think I was going to lick your pussy?" Stephanie's breathed, her right hand rubbing back and forth on her waist, each movement teasingly moving closer to her honey box.
Kate made a noncommittal and kept her eyes shut trying hard to ignore her.
"Or are you hoping I finger you instead?" She felt her hand suddenly flicked her clit with her finger. Her eyes nearly rolled back as she moaned at the sensation.
"Such a naughty girl Kate, are you getting off on me dominating you? I bet a freak like you likes being handcuffed, likes being bent over in public, for everyone to see you're my submissive slave." Stephanie's words were sending Kate into a tailspin, she did not want this to happen with her, especially in full view for anyone to see.
She then felt the hands slowly work their way up her body tickling her ribs as they moved. They soon reached just beneath her breasts, but because she was lying down on the car she couldn't reach them, or so she thought.
Kate felt her hair being pulled and she cried as she lifted herself to follow it. It was then Stephanie snaked her hands up and cupped both of her breasts. She tilted her head back and whimpered as Stephanie started to grope her small chest, her fingers circling her nipples, causing her to start breathing heavily at the touch.
"You know I heard a little secret, that women with smaller boobs are most sensitive to touch." Right then Kate cried out as she felt Stephanie pinch and pulled her nipples. "Mmmm, I like the sound of that."
"Please stop!" Kate struggled to say, the sensation of having her nipples played with causing her to struggle to breathe.
"I told you Kate, you decide how long this goes. The sooner you cum the sooner this ends." Before Kate could fully realize what Stephanie just told her she once again felt herself being pushed and landed back on the hood of her car.
She looked behind her in horror as she saw Stephanie take out her baton, a sly smile on her face as she lowered it.
"Want your pussy to get fucked with my baton? Don't worry I think we both know you're wet enough already." Kate could feel the baton rubbing along her thigh, a few inches away from her very wet pussy.
"N-, no!" Kate tried to move far away as possible.
But Stephanie didn't show any disappointment, in fact, her smile got wider. "Oh? Then I guess you prefer anal." At her words, Kate immediately felt the tip of the baton putting slight pressure on her asshole. Kate squealed in surprise and stood up on her toes to try to get away from it.
"Either you beg me to put this in your pussy or..." Kate could feel the baton opening her entrance, she bit her lip as her rectum was getting stretched by the large object.
Kate didn't want to beg for her to fuck her, but as she felt the baton further pressed in and stretching her out, she cried out in pain.
"Okay, okay!" Kate gave in.
"Okay, what?" Kate screamed as the baton was pushed in another inch, she couldn't take it anymore, it was just too big!
"Put it in my pussy! Please just take it out of my ass and put it in my pussy!" Kate begged, her legs were shaking so much standing on her tippy toes if she backed up then more of the baton would be shoved in.
She closed her eyes and sighed in relief as she felt the stick pulled out, she fell back on her feet, taking heavier breaths. A tapping sound made her open her eyes as she saw the baton a couple of inches from her face. She frowned in confusion at Stephanie.
"Clean it with your mouth." She ordered.
At this point, Kate had a little fight in her and just moved her head and opened her mouth. Stephanie smiled at her submissive behavior and moved the butt of the baton into her mouth. She delicately closed her mouth around it and started to wrap her tongue around the stick. She cringed as she could taste how awful it was, it was just in her butt.
But as much as she wanted to hate it, as much as she still wanted to fight back, she had to admit this entire interaction had made her incredibly turned on. Talking to Nicole she learned how much she loved to be dominated, to have someone decided when, where, and how she cums. And now here she was, her hands tied making her unable to touch herself, she was bent over her car in plain view of her neighbor's houses, stripped naked, and as she was just butt fucked and begging to be fucked, little to no dignity left. She was Stephanie's bitch...and she liked it.
She was so lost in thought that Kate started to moan as she was sucking it up as if it was a real penis, her head was bobbing up and down the length, her tongue licking it all over. She soon felt it being pulled and she tried so desperately to follow it before it was pulled out of her mouth. She whimpered as she looked up at Stephanie, her eyes begging to let her continue.
Kates soon felt the wetness of the stick and her pussy seemed to burst into flame. She swayed her ass, leaning over.
"Please" Kate whimpered again.
Kate gasped, feeling the woman rub it along the juicy slit of her pussy from behind.
"Oh God!" she moaned as her baton pressed into the entrance of her fuck canal. Kate bit her bottom lip as she forced a bit of it inside of her. "Ow!" she cried as its thickness filled her.
"Owwwwwwww!" The sexy blond cried again that echoed in the streets She bit her bottom lip. Kate knew it was going to hurt and while her mind still told her to run her body couldn't wait to feel it, "Please..." she muttered and her mind finally relented, "Give it to me!"
Stephanie grinned as she pressed hard with one hand and held Kate's waist tightly with the other.
"Such a cum slut, it's not even an actual toy and you're so desperate to cum you'll use anything," Stephanie mumbled as she pushed her baton into her hot wet pussy.
"Ohhhhhhhh!" Kate whimpered, her ass moved back, her pussy sliding over the thick stick
Kate closed her eyes tightly as the baton slowly filled her pussy as her sensitive lips stretched around it. Her body trembled, causing her ass to shake. She felt the roughness of her hands wrapped around her hips. Her fiery pussy clung to the makeshift sex toy, vibrating wetly, flexing on it. Kate felt weak. She spread her feet wider on the floor, pressing her ass tightly against him.
She felt her dig her fingers into her hips, and her baton pulling back. She felt the head almost slide out of her kitty, and she held her breath, not wanting her to take it out.
But the officer only paused, looking down between the split of her ass to see her stick glistening with the wetness of the streaker's hot pussy. Then she pushed it back in, a little harder.
"Ohhhh!" Kate grunted as she rammed her ass back at her as she humped it into her pussy. "Fuck!"
Kate wagged her ass to entice her, she heard soft laughter coming behind her in response. Overwhelmed by the wet heat of her walls gripping the stick, Stephanie began to fuck Kate in and out faster.
Kate squealed and cried out with each plunge her pussy exploded with its juices with every thrust. She could feel the throbbing, the ridges, and grooves with the highly sensitive lips of her kitty. Her mind reeled, her passion was intense. She humped her ass at her dom, grinding against her almost in frenzy.
She couldn't fathom that she was allowing a stranger to fuck her pussy frantically. The only thing she was concerned about at this moment was how good it felt, and how much she was going to cum from it.
Each time her dom rammed up her pussy, her tits smashed against the car, her nipples rubbed against the cold steel, creating a greater inflammation in her pussy. The hot, wet friction was about to make her cum soon, and the lips of her kitty were grabbing at the baton each time she pulled back, holding it tightly, over her clit knotted ever so deliciously.
"Please," she whispered, "Fuck me!"
"Louder my cum slut" Her dom ordered.
"Please fuck me!" she cried out again, louder as she swung her ass against her. "Fuck me!"
She felt Stephanie dig her fingers into her hips, she yanked her exposed ass back as she plunged forward. The wet heat closed around the stick again.
Kate felt herself boiling ecstasy, pressing her cheek against the hood of the car, eyes tight. Her pussy swelled as it held the black stick tightly. She was about to cum, and the thrilling experience filled her from head to toe.
"Ooooh!" Kate moaned, she rammed her ass back, wanting Stephanie's toy deeper as she came, but she found it was already as deep as possible. Suddenly her walls started to clench around the baton, "I'm cumming! Ohhhh fuck me I'm cumming!" She cried out as her eyes rolled back in pleasure.
The only sounds heard in the quiet street was the wetness of her pussy and Kate's orgasmic cries as she was cumming.
Kate struggled to breathe as she remained lying against the car. She was so weak she couldn't close her legs, the baton still stuck halfway in her pussy, her ass exposed, still dripping the juices down her inner thighs.
Kate felt her face being grabbed by Stephanies' hands till their faces were facing one another, to feel her hot breath on her face."Just remember, what happened here was all recorded by the camera in my cruiser. You tell anyone about this and I'll post this online. Everyone will know how much of a cum slut you are, to hear how you begged me to fuck you with my stick." She leaned in and gave Kate a kiss, she was too tired to kiss back but she knew it was just another way of her being told who's in control.
Stephanie pulled away and licked her lips, Kate had to admit she did think of what it would be like if she ate her out with that tongue.
Kate could feel the baton removed as she was pulled up and could feel her arms finally being freed as Stephanie unlocked her cuffs. "Now run, I'm sure some of your neighbors heard you cumming and will want to know whats going on" A smack to her butt woke up her senses as she started to run. She didn't bother to remember her ID or her car but started to run completely naked back home.
Kate didn't run into anyone on the way, which she was thankful for because she didn't trust her body to not just cum right then and there, she was still very much turned on. She finally made it to her house when her ears heard the sound of a car down the street. She ran to her door and her heart sank as it jiggled but didn't open, she forgot she locked the front door!
The car was nearly upon her she started to run around her home toward her back deck, however, when her hands clamped over her pussy she felt the jolts throughout her body, she was going to cum again! She didn't know if the car saw her but by the time she made it she was sure the car owner saw the parting image of her big butt bouncing out of sight.
Kate leaned against her back wall and started to rub her clit as she came for the third time tonight. This finally sent her over the edge. Her back arched as she let out a loud moan. Her fingers slipped out of her sex as she fell to her knees. A drop of sweat dripped down her rear, as her ass jiggled when her knees hit the ground.
She panted as her body felt so tired, she didn't care she was butt naked in her backyard or the fact she probably woke up a few of them when she was crying out in her orgasm. A smile formed on her face, this would give her a whole new amount of material for her fantasies. She shakingly stood up on her feet, her pussy still very much tingling in excitement as she walked to her back door and walked inside, fully planning to finger herself when she got to her bedroom.
