Val and I look at each other with a knowing look. It didn't occur to me until I saw the giftcard prize we had won, ostensibly for having sex on the floor in front of many Mardi Gras participants. The gift card was from a New Orleans casino, and I realized I had used valet parking there on my last visit before I was able to use the assigned parking for my rental spot up the street.
"So, you want to go hit up a certain casino?" Val asks as she puts on that amazing dress she was wearing when we first met.
"Sure. When are you able to go?" I respond.
"I was thinking we could go now. It's only a few hours West of here and I can manage a few nights of work online, just like I was doing during the lockdowns." Val says, looking at me with those eyes.
"Well, I have a few days free, and I certainly won't turn down time with such an incredible woman." I say as I pull on my shorts and shirt.
"I just live across the river, and it's on the way. Can we take your car?" Val asks.
"Me, too. I just need a change of clothes. We can hit stores on the way if we need anything." I tell her as we head toward the door.
We walk outside toward the parking lot, still in our masks. As we wait for our cars in the dark, I can still see Val naked in front of me. I'm fairly happy with my looks and body, but Val is unlike any woman I thought I would ever meet. She is tall, brown skinned, with long hair, and amazing breasts and muscular legs.
"How long do you want to wear these masks?" I ask while I pull Val close to my body.
"I have an idea. Keep it on. Let's go to my place first and drop off my car." Val replies.
She wasn't kidding. It is literally a 5 minute drive to her place on the darkened streets. We pull up to a really nice, gated set of condos with an amazing view of downtown. I follow Val into the complex and pull up behind her as she parks. She gets out of her parked car, and comes over to me.
"I just need a moment, and then we'll pull these masks off." Val says with a kiss.
As Val walks off, I can tell she isn't wearing underwear and her ass moves ever so perfectly under her dress. Her legs aren't the only muscular part of her body.
It's not a long wait as Val comes out, still in her dress and mask, and holding a small bag and something on a hangar. She approaches and hands me her bag and the hangar, then steps back.
"Now for the mask." Val says.
Right here, in her condo parking lot, Val slips her dress down off her shoulders. As I peer deeply into her eyes to watch the mask come off, I see gravity pull her dress down her body one more time. Standing before me as I sit inside my car, now naked again, Val pulls her mask up over her head and drops it onto her dress.
Her hair, now falling free from the confines of the mask, is able to frame her incredible face.
"You are an absolutely gorgeous creature." I tell Val through my driver's side window.
"You have inspired me to do the unthinkable." Val replies as she walks around the front of the car. The headlights illuminate her naked body in the darkness for a brief moment, then she gets into the passenger seat.
"Can you grab my dress and mask and toss them in the backseat? I think I can use them in New Orleans." Val requests.
"Of course." I say as I had already started opening my door in anticipation of fetching the garment. Outside the car, in a moment of inspiration, I turn to face Val, and remove my own clothes. I stare at her smiling face as I gather all of our clothes to toss them into the back. I jump back into the front, nervously laughing at what I had just done.
"What about your mask?" Val asks.
"I thought I'd let you do the honors." I say as I scan her naked body.
"I think I can handle that." Val tells me, then she moves over on top of me, straddling me. I reach around her back and grab the steering wheel. Feeling her pussy so close yet again to my dick, I know I could fuck Val right now. I look at Val from behind my mask for the last time. It comes off my head, and Val moves her lips quickly to mine, and we explore each other's mouth.
Val reaches down to my freshly stiff cock, and guides it into her wet cunt. I slide in with ease, and we both moan in unison. I wouldn't mind trying this on the drive to NOLA. Val is riding me slowly, eyes closed, hands on my chest, hair falling from around her head into my face.
"I hate to break up this party, but I have a much more private place in mind if you want to get on the road." I tell Val.
"I just couldn't resist. Getting naked outside and in front of people has been a secret desire for some time. You have helped me do both. I've been fucked in public, but never completely naked. We have a mystery to solve and will no doubt find the right spot to get naked and fuck." Val replies.
Pulling off me, Val falls into her seat. We head off to my place so I can pick up some New Orleans appropriate clothes. Judging by Val's clothes and bag, I better choose wisely. We drive off toward my house, and my stomach growls so loud even Val hears it.
"Hungry, are we?" Val asks. "Let's stop and get some donuts. They're bound to be open already."
"Sounds good, obviously. There's one just ahead. What do you like?" I reply. Damn, she was right. It is literally time for donut places to open.
"Just let me get some cash out of my bag, and I'll surprise you." Val says with a gleam in her eye. Eating her up with my eyes could fill me up for days, but this hunger probably won't go away between here and The Big Easy. We pull into the lot.
"Park in that spot by the front door." Val tells me as she grabs her mask.
"What...?" I am interrupted by Val putting her phone and my mask in my lap.
"You're going to record this from out here." Val says.
"Okay?" I respond dumbfounded.
We park, and Val opens up the camera on her phone. Handing it to me, she opens her door.
"Hurry up. This will be quick." She says.
I get out of the car, mask back on, but hide behind my door, shielding my nudity. Val walks in front of the car, stops for me to start recording, and then walks to the door.
"Here goes." She tells the camera, and then opens the door. I can record her through the window, and I get brave enough to wander closely to the storefront.
'Is this really happening?' I think to myself. I keep the camera pointed at Val, and scan the local area for traffic. It is completely quiet. That damn coronavirus still has plenty of folks scared I surmise.
Val is quickly greeted by probably just about every employee in the place: a female cashier and two male bakers. I can't hear anything, but their faces say it all. I need a better angle, so I walk to my right where the drive-thru window is located. I quickly walk into the car lane and go to the window. From there, I can directly record Val's face as she places her order. The cashier looks at me, stunned, as I open the drive thru window.
"Don't worry. I'm just recording this for her. This is a big fantasy for her." I tell the cashier and bakers.
"Come on in if you want." The cashier tells me. Val looks at me, and beckons for me to join her with her left hand. I am mesmerized and head left back to the front door.
Entering the shop, Val turns to strike a pose for the camera. The cashier and bakers are gathering some donuts together, and I focus on her naked body.
"I'm checking off a lot of my most secret fantasies with you. I wonder what else we can do?" Val asks me, and whomever else gets to see this video.
"And I have a funny feeling we'll check at least one more off in the next day or so." I reply with a wink.
"Would the nude camera guy like a complimentary cup of java?" The cashier asks while handing Val the bag of donuts.
"Oh, I kinda forgot. But sure, I'd love a cup." I say with a grin.
I get a nice high-five from a baker when I grab the cup. "Thanks, dude." He tells me.
"No problem. It was actually her idea." I respond as we turn to leave.
I get to the door first and record Val walking toward me with the employees in the background. Their looks are gold, even the cashier seems to enjoy Val's ass and, hopefully, my body. Val opens the door, and I follow her out. We get into the car, and resume the drive to my place.
"I think you'll really enjoy the video. That place was really cool. How long have you wanted to do that?" I say to Val as I accelerate onto the highway which will take us to my house.
"Oh, for about an hour." Val replies wickedly. "It seemed like a fun idea, and it worked out."
"Yep. Well, we're almost to my place. I'll enjoy those donuts after I pick up some clothes. And, I have a request to make." I tell Val.
"Oh, I hope it's a fun one." Val replies as she views her phone.
As we approach my house, sunrise begins. I open the garage door from a few homes away, and we pull in. Leaving the garage open, I get out, still naked and walk around the front of the car. I open Val's door.
"I want you to pick clothes out for me. Let's go upstairs and I'll show you my closet." I pull on Val's hand. "But first, my request."
"I'm listening." Val says.
"Make love to me right here in front of my car. Now. I need you." I tell Val.
Val doesn't say a word as she moves around the car door and stands in front of me. She places her hands on my shoulders, and suddenly jumps, wrapping her legs around me. We spin around a couple of times, kissing, and I guide our bodies to the front of the car, and pin her against the wall. I am able to plunge my cock into her, and we begin grinding our hips together. With her legs around me, I am able to hold Val so I can access her nipples. I suck on both, then playfully bite a breast. I feel her body respond, then latch on more forcefully with my mouth. Grabbing her ass with both hands, Val is able to push up and down on my shoulders with her hands. I feel nothing but her body against mine.
Removing my mouth from her tit, I begin kissing Val and moving our bodies to the door leading into the house. The automatic lights on my car turn off, and we both laugh at the realization we were fucking in a fully lit garage.
I take Val to the kitchen, and place her on the island next to the sink. I drop to my knees, and sink my mouth into her pussy. As tasty as before, I enjoy her lips on my face and feel her tense into an impending orgasm. I place my tongue firmly into her, and hold her thighs tightly as she explodes all over me.
Not wanting to waste a single moment, I stand up, plunge my cock back into Val, and then lift her off the counter. Without a moment to spare, I walk purposefully to my master bathroom. In my mind, I am calculating how long the shower will take to get warm enough, all the while enjoying Val as she allows my walking to bring her body to orgasm after orgasm.
In my bathroom, I am able to turn on the shower, then begin to kiss Val on the mouth.
"Let's get cleaned up before you pick my clothes out." I whisper.
"Uhhhh, uhhh, okay." I hear a whimper. of sorts from Val.
I step into the shower with one job left. I feel my own orgasm coming on, and it sure feels good. I hold Val up by her legs, now halfway under the shower water, and my thrusts become more powerful and certainly faster. Just as I feel the last wave, I pull out and squirt a full load on the shower controls.
I ease Val down off me, and we hold each other under the soothing water. I wash her hair with my shampoo, then lather her body up and down with soap. We rub each other's bodies, and rinse off. Wrapping Val in my towel, I grab another. We haven't said many words to each other since we pulled in.
"You are one amazing woman; so giving; so beautiful. I am ready to head back to New Orleans to find out how our destinies were brought together. In my closet, my clothes are arranged for you to pick out what I should bring. If you want to wear a large shirt or sweats, you will find those in there as well." I instruct Val.
"Sounds like a challenge. I may sleep the whole way, but I'm ready to head back as planned." Val says, as she walks into the closet.
Getting a couple of bags from a hallway closet, I get back to my room to find a small pile of clothes on my bed. Val walks out wearing one of my dress shirts.
"That shirt has never looked better." I say to Val.
"Well, you can have visitation rights, if you like. This is a really nice shirt." Val says with a smile as she places a few shirts on the bed.
"Who knew a fitted shirt you can't tuck in would be so popular?" I ask.
I just about threw all my clothes into an overnight bag, and placed the stuff on hangars in my garment bag. I put on some sweats because I'll need the car to be cold, then grab a small blanket for Val to wrap up in.
We load up the car, and pull away from my favorite garage. I may never move out of this house. Val snuggles into her seat while I grab a donut. The coffee has gone cold, so we'll have to take care of that shortly.
"Do you have a place in mind to stay, or should I rent my favorite spot?" I ask.
"Let me text my friend. I have a standing reservation for myself or clients. It's a big selling point for my services." Val explains.
"Let me guess. It's a place off Poydras and Carondolet?" I ask sarcastically.
"Shut up and drive, smart guy." Val responds just as sarcastically.
We are quickly on the highway, and up to speed in early morning traffic. I sense Val nodding off, and my hopes for today are simple. Solve the invitation mystery, and finally get Val to bed to hold her tight in my arms. And of course, we might be checking some sexy items off Val's fantasy list.
The drive is uneventful. I stop for coffee and a bathroom break, and traffic definitely cooperated. In fact, I don't wake Val until we are on Canal.
"Hey sleepy head. We are here, so let's see if I can figure out your little spot." I tell Val.
As she looks around, I turn onto Carondolet and spot it pretty quickly. It's just a little building, but it advertises small apartments and I see the reserved parking spots on the street. Parking here would put us literally two blocks from Bourbon Street and the French Quarter. The trolley line on Canal would get us to Jackson Square in five minutes or less if we didn't want to walk.
"Yep, this will work." Val tells me, now fully awake as I parallel park.
The sun is up, and the air outside the car tells me the humidity will soon follow. Essentially, it's a picture perfect day here. The sounds of the Mississippi echo through the buildings like the winds blow through the caverns of New York City in a storm.
I grab our bags and clothes out of the back seat, and follow Val into the four story building. She is still dressed only in my shirt. I love how my fitted shirt hugs her perfect ass. Inside, I follow her up the stairs, and enjoy the view of her naked ass when the shirt rides up just enough.
"Let me know when you need another shirt." I say with a slight whistle.
"Oh, you like?" Val responds by hiking the shirt even higher, and I stop in my tracks to absorb the view.
Val reaches the top of the stairs, turns, and sits. In doing so, I am eye-level with her pussy. I drop everything, and climb the few steps and lean into her for a kiss. At the same time, I run my right hand down her left leg and directly into her wide open slit.
"Yes, this is one of two places where I want you to fuck me. But, that's for tonight after we leave the casino. Not to give too much away, but I intend to walk from the casino to this very spot, completely naked,." Val's voice is deliciously sultry.
I withdraw my finger, and retrieve the bags and clothes. Val has the apartment opened. It is a roomy place with a view of downtown. There is a full kitchen, living room, and bedroom with en suite. It is even outfitted with an incredibly beautiful woman who roams the rooms completely naked. Val has removed my shirt, and is standing in front of the living room windows. She pulls open the wooden shutters, letting the sunshine bathe her body all over. Val pushes open the french doors which open on to a small patio. On it sits a small bistro table and 2 chairs.
Val sits down in one of the chairs, completely naturally, and looks at me.
"You'll find an umbrella to the right of the window. Can you bring it out here?" She requests.
I remove my sweat top as I find the umbrella. I know the heat will be unforgiving, and the sweats were just for the car, anyway. I walk out, basically one step, to the patio table, and install the umbrella. Opening it is quite easy, and Val loosens my sweat pants so they fall off my hips just a little, stopping on my dick.
"Thanks for driving. Let's take a nap inside until after lunch, then go grab some drinks and food." Val says.
"A nap would help me stay up later." I reply. "I won't lie. I thought of holding you in bed while I was driving. I just need you in my arms."
I reenter the living room, and watch Val stand up, naked as the day she was born. She leaves the umbrella in place, and walks in. She turns to close the doors, then leads me to the bedroom, Val sits on the bed and helps me out of my sweats. Standing in front of her, I suddenly realize I do need to sleep.
The bedroom is dark enough, even in the early morning. We fit together in the comfort of the bed and I fall into a deep slumber, holding this amazing woman in my arms.
I wake up, alone, and can tell it is later afternoon by the way the sunshine is hitting the windows. I walk quietly into the living area, and see Val is back in a chair on the patio which overlooks the street. She is wearing my shirt, but has left it unbuttoned. A smile comes across her face, and I match it with my own.
Still naked, I walk onto the patio, and kneel in front of Val. I open her shirt and begin kissing her chest. Val's knees rise up to my head, and I dive south into her with my mouth. Man, I love how she tastes.
"I'm hungry. As much as I want to sit here, we should walk over to the Quarter for a late lunch." Val says, stopping my outdoor snacking.
"Sounds good, just tell me we'll fuck out here on the patio tonight." I reply.
"Oh, you're gonna do more than that." Val says as she stands. My shirt falls off her shoulders, down her back, and only stays on because her arms are still in the sleeves. Her ass is her only body part covered.
"By the way, our mystery was easily solved. I contacted my hotel reservations specialist who got me in touch with the casino here. Turns out they were tracking license plates of cars in the valet parking, mostly for security. I actually ended up talking to the security office, and he said a former employee had been caught selling information and video footage of the valet entrance. So, lucky for us, that info got sold to a club in Texas, and they used open records to gather addresses to mail the invites.
I asked why the casino would send out gift cards to such a party for prizes, and he said they literally have thousands of such cards out at any given time. It was probably coincidental because they rarely see a ten percent return on these things." Val finishes off the mystery.
"I guess I can deal with that." I reply.
"I hope so, because there will be more gift cards for us at the desk when we arrive." Val says with a smile. "But first, lunch. Do you like anything in particular?"
"I like this seafood place off Bienville, or there's a spot on the corner next to Jackson Square." I reply as I grab some shorts and a shirt.
"Let's walk over to Jackson Square." Val replies as she puts on some leggings and buttons up her shirt.
The clothes Val wears clearly shows off her legs and the shirt is, with no doubt, the only thing covering her firm breasts. We walk to the bustling square, arm in arm, taking in the late afternoon vibe unique to NOLA. Lunch is perfect, and we grab some beignets and fresh-roasted coffee beans to brew later at the apartment. Walking back, the crowds have lightened as we approach Canal.
"Watch this." Val directs me as she loosens her grip on my backside.
"Okay." I obey.
As we cross Canal at the intersection, Val turns her body toward me, kinda walking sideways. She quickly unbuttons her shirt all the way before we have crossed the busy street. I catch a glimpse of a nipple as the shirt now moves more freely on her body.
After Canal, we are now on the very quiet Carondolet, just over a block to our place. Giggling, Val steps ahead of me. Moving effortlessly down the sidewalk, she pulls her shirt off, and bunches it over her tits. Now laughing loudly, Val turns to face me and walks backwards.
About 50 feet to our door, Val throws the shirt to me, and walks steadily to the building. I catch the shirt, and follow her while looking around. We are alone on this part of the street. I catch up to Val at the door, and she turns to kiss me in the entrance foyer.
"I was hoping to get this shirt back. It's a favorite for sure, now." I say between kisses.
Upstairs, we resume right where I left off the last time we were on the balcony. Val boldly sits at the table, topless, and lifts her legs for me to remove the leggings. Now completely naked, the shadows of the building across the street darken our apartment, and I feel safe enough to leave her there while I undress. I kneel again before her, but I can't get my face anywhere near her pussy because she joins me on the tiled surface. Val is able to position herself over my body, and I hold her in place while sliding my cock into her. While we can hear Canal Street just a block away, the silence on our street provides the perfect backdrop to our lovemaking.
"I just cannot get enough of you." I tell Val.
"You have been the perfect lover for all my shocking fantasies." Val says.
"Shocking? Hardly. At least you haven't tied me up." I laugh.
"Don't tempt me." She says.
"So, the casino? I feel like I have lady luck with me today." I say.
"In time. Wanna play that game again?" Val whispers in my ear.
"Sure." I manage to say.
Val climbs off me, and pulls me to the floor, my head up against the balcony railing, lying on my back. My feet are just about inside the living area. Val stands over me, turns so her ass faces the street, then lowers herself onto my face. Just like in the game. I move my tongue into her, and begin licking. Knowing her ass faces the building across the street, I realize she will not last long. And, neither will I as Val takes me into her mouth and begins her perfect sucking of my hard cock.
Exploding into her mouth at the same time as her pussy juices cover my face again from multiple orgasms provides an almost surreal element to this whole adventure with Val. We exit the balcony and walk together to the bathroom.
"I'm sensing this exhibitionism is the underlying theme here." I tell Val.
"I've always enjoyed the danger of it, even if it is expected here in New Orleans. I've just never taken part very much, except for flashing for beads. I dared myself to attend that party, and now I have the perfect help for some more dares and fantasies." Val explains.
So, if you happened to see a naked woman walking near a riverside New Orleans casino, along with a man carrying a green dress, then you saw me and Val. She turned into lady luck in more ways than one. We did well at the roulette tables, drank a lot of free drinks while watching the wheels spin on some slot machines, and only lost half our winnings on a craps table.
Leaving the casino for the short walk back to the apartment, Val was suddenly serious.
"Now for my most daring dare of all my dares. Not that sitting on your face on the balcony wasn't crazy enough. I just need a little more help." Val stops to tell me.
"I'm here for you. And, only you." I say in a serious tone.
"One more time." Val replies. With that, my most favorite dress on my most favorite woman falls to the ground. Standing before me, nude like a statue, Val smiles and steps away from the dress.
I pick it up, and we begin to walk.
"So, tell me what's going on." I direct.
"I just wanted to walk naked like it was nothing unusual, just a short walk as calmly as possible. Funny thing is, I don't feel nervous at all about anyone seeing me." Val finishes.
We don't say another word as we walk. Val does take the dress from me and tosses it at the base of a street lamp as we pass it. This is her point of no return, and I get to witness it.
As we return to our room, I strip the bed down to just the fitted sheet. It is time to finally make love to this woman in a bed. The passion from this night continues to this day to guide us on our personal journey of sexual dares and intimacy.
And to think, it all started when we opened our respective mystery envelopes and decided to push ourselves into a new place.