[Author's Note: All characters in this story are over 18 years old.]
*****
After Jeff had gone, Crystal and Bill decided to stay naked, poured themselves a couple glasses of wine, went out back, and slipped into their hot tub.
The wine and the hot bubbling water were both very relaxing, and both of them stretched out, lay their heads back, and closed their eyes. Each was thinking about the events that had just played out.
"That was pretty intense," Bill said without opening his eyes. "I don't think I've ever seen you so hot. You really defined the termhot-wife."
"Itwaspretty amazing," Crystal replied with a contented smile. "Thank you for encouraging me to act out my fantasy. Forallowingme to act it out. I don't think all that many husbands could be that secure in their marriage." She chuckled, and added, "Or be that secure in their masculinity that they'd take a dick in their mouth while their wife watched."
"I guess I'msecureenough," Bill went on, as he slid into a sitting position, "but I have to admit that I'm a little jealous." Then he corrected himself, saying, "No, not jealous;envious."
"Envious?" Crystal repeated.
"Ofhowhot Jeff was able to get you," he said. "Maybe I should start working out, and maybe get some Viagra, so I can satisfy you the wayhedid."
She sat up, too, and looked at him. "You satisfy me just fine, Bill," she said. "I don't want you changing; I want you to stay exactly who you are. I wantusto stay whoweare. When you and I have sex, it's makinglove; Jeff was just fucking me."
"I guess that's what I'm envious of," Bill said. "We haven'tjust fuckedin a long long time. Don't get me wrong; our love life is great, and I don't want you to change, either. But don't you think our sex has become a bit routine over the years? A little predictable? ... well, until today, that is."
"Where are you going with this?" she asked.
"Well, remember the night when all this got started and I asked you who you were fantasizing about?" he asked.
"Yeah."
"And then I made believe I was Jeff, and you gave him a blow job?"
"Yeah," she said, again. "And then he fucked me silly."
"Exactly!" Bill said. "So, my idea is to get into the occasional role playing to spice things up. Neither one of us really changes, we justpretendwe're different people."
"Like who?"
"Well, I'm seeing you in the part of the hot nymphomaniac wife," he said with a smile. "I could maybe be the plumber who comes by to fix your disposal while your husband's at work."
She leaned over and kissed him, and said with a big smile, "I hope you're one of those plumbers who guarantees satisfaction."
"Or your money back!" he said.
About a week later, Crystal called Bill shortly before he was leaving work, and when he answered, she said, "Hello. Is this Roto-Reamer Plumbing? I need someone to come out and fix my kitchen disposal. I'm willing to pay a bonus for fast service."
Bill chuckled, and then said, "Well, ma'am, it sounds like you have a problem that needs immediate attention. We always give a lady in distress top priority, so we'll send someone out, right away. He should be there in half an hour."
When Bill pulled into the garage, he closed the door behind him, and then quickly stripped out of all of his clothes. Naked, he then climbed into his work coveralls, and snapped them up the front. He put his shoes back on, took an adjustable wrench off the rack on the wall, and then knocked on the door into the house. "Roto-Reamer Plumbing!" he called out. "Emergency service call!"
Crystal opened the door, and said, "Oh, I'm so glad you could get here so quickly! My husband will be furious if I've ruined another disposal by dropping a spoon down there, again."
"I see," Bill said. "And when will your husband be home? My name's Gary, by the way."
"Pleased to meet you, Gary," Crystal answered. "He'll probably be here in a half hour, or so."
"Doesn't give us a lot of time," he replied. "We better get started."
Crystal was wearing a light cotton "housewife dress" with a flower print, and buttons all the way down the front. It had not come from her closet, though. When she had gotten the idea to "call the plumber," she went to a local thrift store, and sorted through the inexpensive offerings until she found what she was looking for to act out the fantasy that was evolving in her head.
The dress was about a size too small, and it hugged her naked tits closely, making the erect nipples form little tents in the light material. With five or six of the top buttons left undone, it also stretched open perfectly to give the plumber an unobstructed view of plenty of her cleavage.
Most of the buttons on the bottom half were left undone, as well, and when she turned to lead him to the kitchen, the dress parted, andGarygot a good look at a lot of her inner thigh.
The cabinet doors under the sink were already open, and Crystal had removed all of the usual cleaning supplies.
Gary got down on the floor, and turned on his back to slide under the sink, and looking up, he said, "I'm always happy to see when a woman is prepared for me. It usually speeds things along."
Before he slid his head under the sink, Crystal put a foot on either side of his shoulders, and standing at the sink, she said, "Let me know if you want me to do anything. You know, turn the water on, or start the disposal or something."
Gary looked up between her spread legs at the roundness of her naked ass, and the glistening lips of her pussy.
"You're a great helper, ma'am," Gary said. "Just stand there just like that, and I'll let you know what to do."
Rather than slide under, Gary just laid there, enjoying the view of hiscustomer'swet cunt as she shifted her weight from one leg to the other, while pressing her pelvis against the sink front.
He reached under the sink with his wrench, tapped the disposal a couple of times, and then said, "Try that. Turn on the water and start the disposal."
She did, and it whirled right to life.
"Oh, you're my hero!" she said squatting down right over his face. Peering under the sink, she said, "Show me what you did!"
With her wet pussy two inches from his face, he said, "Just a little tap, like this," and rapped the disposal. He then added, "Now, about that bonus ..." and lifted his head to plant his mouth on her pussy.
"Oh, yes!" she said as his tongue slid deep into the soft dripping wet folds of her cunt. "Anything you want!" As she wiggled her hips, grinding her burning cunt against his sucking mouth, she added, "Only, we need to be quick; my husband will be home soon!"
As he sucked and lapped the hot cunt in his face, he reached down, and pulled apart the snaps at the crotch of the coveralls. He reached in, took out his hard cock, and began to stoke it. Then, after a long hard suck on Crystal's clit, he said, "Let me get up so I can put my stiff dick in your mouth, and fuck your pretty slut-wife face!"
She obliged, and was soon on her knees in front of him, looking at the plumber's hard cock sticking out from his dirty coveralls. The sight was an amazing turn on for her, and she leaned forward, eagerly taking the fat head between her lips, and sucking hard.
He put his hands behind her head, and pushed his cock all the way into her mouth, right up to the back of her throat. He held it there, and said, "Oh, yeah! You've got a wonderful mouth; just right for sucking hard cock!" Then he added, "Let's see how it feels stuffed down your hot slut-wife throat!"
Holding her head, he pushed forward, and shoved the length of his cock into Crystal's throat, until the coarse fabric of the coveralls was mashed against her face. Fortunately—and not surprisingly—Crystal's level of arousal was so high that she easily took thestranger'shard dick down her throat, without the slightest gag.
He fucked her mouth, deep and hard, each time, grinding the coveralls against her nose and chin before pulling all the way out so her could penetrate her pursed lips with each thrust back in.
While he was fucking her face, he told her, "Reach down and play with your pussy! Shove your fingers up your hot little slut-wife cunt, 'cause when I'm done fucking your mouth, I'm gonna fuck that hot cunt, too!"
She did as she was told, and pushed two fingers as deep into her pussy as she could get them, wiggling them around, and grinding her palm against her clit.
After a little while of fucking her mouth, he took his dick from between her lips, and with his hands on both sides of her head, he lifted her to her feet. He kissed her hard, tangling tongues with her, and biting her lips. He then turned her around, and pushed her toward the kitchen table.
He bent her over it, flipped her light dress up onto her back, exposing her naked ass and wet cunt. He got down, gave the soaking wet folds of her hot pussy a long, tongue-filled suck, then stood up and lined his dick up with the waiting hole.
He shoved his rigid cock all the way into her in one hard push, eliciting an, "Ohhh!" and then an, "Oh, yes! Fuck me with that hard cock!"
He held onto her hips, and pounded into her as hard and fast as he could.
As he banged her, rocking her back and forth across the table, mashing her tits against the hard surface with each thrust, she said, "Don't cum inside of me. I don't think I'll have time to clean up before my husbands gets home. Let me take it in my mouth."
"Bullshit!" theplumbersaid as he continued to fuck her hard. "I'm gonna fill your hot cheating cunt with my cum, and you can just deal with it! Maybe it's time hubby finds out that he has a slut-wife who shows off her naked cunt to strangers, and gives them blow-jobs before taking their cocks up her cunt!"
He gripped her hips hard, pounding his cock into her pussy as deep as he could, and then he groaned, and as his cock began to spurt deep inside of Crystal's cunt, he told her, "When Hubby gets home, you make him clean up your cunt his mouth! Make him suck on your pussy and taste the cum you've taken up your hot little hole. Make him find out what kind of a cheating slut-wife you really are!"
"Okay! Yes, I will. I'll make him eat your hot cum out of my cunt!" Crystal said, panting and more on fire than she ever been. "Only make me cum, too! Don't stop fucking my slut-wife pussy 'til I've cum!"
"Bullshit!" he repeated, and slid his slippery cock from her still-burning cunt. "You want to cum? Well, cum in Hubby's face while he sucks my jism out of his slut-wife's pussy!"
As he backed away from her, he gave her a stinging slap on one of her ass cheeks, then tucked his slightly-softening dick into his coveralls. As he snapped up the fly, he noticed the light pink mark that his slap had produced, and he gave her another smack on the same tender spot.
Crystal jumped, and gave a small yelp.Garytraced his fingers over the quickly reddening spot, and said, "Now, what are you going to do when Hubby gets home? You're not going to go hide in the shower, are you?"
"No," she said, still sprawled across the table. "I'm going to make him eat my pussy, and taste all your hot cum inside of me."
"And why are you going to do that?" he asked, patting her tender cheek, lightly.
"Because I'm a cheating slut-wife who loves to show off my naked body and get fucked by strangers, and I want my husband to know it!"
"Very good!" he said, and brought his hand down with one more slap.
She let out another yelp, and as he headed for the door, theplumbersaid, "No charge for the house-call, by the way, lady. And if you ever need any more service, be sure to ask for Gary."
Five minutes later, Bill came through the door, dressed in his office attire, and said cheerily, "Hi honey, I'm home."
She hurried toward him, wrapped her arms around him, and gave him a big kiss. "I'm so glad you're home, baby!" she said.
As she stepped away from him, he said, "That's a new dress, isn't it?" Ogling her well exposed tits, he added, "It's sexy. I hope you didn't go out to the store in it. What would the neighbors think?"
"No, baby," she said. "I've been in all day. But you're right; it does make mefeelsexy." She took his hand, and started toward the bedroom, saying, "In fact I'm so horny, right now, I want you to eat my pussy and make me cum!"
Pretending to be caught off guard by the request, Bill said, "Um, okay. I can do that. Your wish is my command."
"Hang onto that thought," she replied.
In the bedroom, she quickly undid the last buttons of her dress, tossed it into the middle of the floor, and then lay back on the bed. "Come on, baby, hurry up," she said. "I really need my pussy licked!"
Bill was quickly out of his clothes, and as he crawled, naked, between his wife's legs, he asked, "What has you all on fire, tonight?"
As he lowered his face to Crystal's dripping wet pussy, she answered, "I think it was that dress. I've just felt sexy in it all day, and I've been thinking about your talented tongue for hours!"
He lapped through the soft wet folds, then planted a loving kiss, and started to push his tongue up inside of her. Suddenly, he lifted his head, and said, "What's that taste? That tastes likeguycum!"
"Oh, baby, I'm so sorry," Crystal pleaded. "I couldn't help myself. I had to call the plumber, and I was so horny that I let him fuck me. I'm so sorry, baby, but I need you to eat me out. He didn't make me cum, and I really need it."
"You want me to eat some other guy's cum out of your cunt?" Bill repeated.
"Please, baby,please!" she pled. "You've eaten your own cum out of me; maybe you'll like his, too. Please, my darling, please. I'll do anything you want in return, anything!"
"Will you let me fuck your ass?" he said.
That actually took Crystal by surprise. She had expected a reply of a week's worth of deep-throat blow-jobs, or something.
They had tried anal sex before, but Bill had barely had his cock-head inside of her tight opening before she had to cry uncle and make him stop. But she realized that she had been very nervous that time, anticipating the pain. As aroused as she felt right now, she felt that she could take virtually anything that was sexually oriented—just like she had easily taken, andlikedit when the plumber had shoved his hard cock down her throat.
"Yes, baby!" she answered. "Yes, you can fuck your fat cock right up my ass! Only make me cum! Suck on my cunt and eat that plumber's cum right out of me!"
Bill ran his tongue through the open folds of his wife's pussy, savoring the dual tastes of guy and girl cum. "Deal," he said. "But you have to tell me all about it while I eat you."
As he clamped his mouth over her cunt and began to tongue-fuck her, she said, "I just got so horny when I saw how he was looking at my tits—and you know how much I like to show off my tits. Well, then when he was on the floor, and I knew he was looking right up my dress and could see my naked pussy, I lost all control. I'm so sorry, baby!"
Bill lifted his head, and said, "Keep going. Then what?"
"Then I squatted down, and I stuck my hot pussy right in his face," Crystal said. "He pushed his tongue up inside me, and I had to hold the sink to keep from falling over. Bill, baby, I'm so sorry, but I just couldn't help myself!"
"Go on," Bill said as he slid a finger up into his wife sloppy cunt hole.
"Then he took out his cock, and he made me suck on it," she said.
"Made you?" Bill repeated, mashing his hand hard against her pussy.
"Okay. Yes. I'm sorry my darling, but Iwantedto feel his cock in my mouth!" she said. "And as I sucked it, he fucked it all the way down my throat!"
"That didn't get his cum in you cunt," Bill said as he crooked his finger, and began to rub hard against her g-spot.
She let out an "Ohhh!" at the marvelous feeling in her cunt, and then went on, "Then he bent me over the table, and he fucked me! I'm sorry baby, but I loved his hard fat cock pounding into my cunt. I told him not to cum inside of me, but he wouldn't stop. He said you needed to find out what a dirty slut-wife you have."
"And I guess I know, now, don't I?" Bill said as he picked up the pace of his finger fucking, hammering his hand against his wife's soaked pussy lips while sucking on her clit.
As she arched her back, and stiffened every muscle in her body, her cunt began to erupt, gushing her girl cum mixed with the plumber's, and Bill clamped his mouth over her pussy to suck up all that he could.
When her orgasm finally subsided, he flipped her over on the bed, slapped her ass, right on the same still-pink mark, and said, "Now, for my reward for letting you be such a nasty, cock hungry slut-wife!"
He pushed his cock deep into her cunt to get it wet with her juices, and then he spread her ass cheeks, and used his thumbs to spread more of her juices all over and into her puckered little hole.
He lined his cock head up on the hole, and he leaned forward. To his surprise, her tiny little ass hole opened up, and accepted him rather easily. With just the head inside her, he asked, "You okay?"
"Mmm," she said into the pillow that cradled her face. Then she lifted her head, and added, "It hurts, but it's agoodhurt, you know? Like getting my ass slapped. Go ahead, and push it in. Go slow, but I actually like, it, so far. I like the stretched feeling."
He rocked forward, and as the tight sphincter stretched wide to accept him, he said, "Oh my God, baby! Your ass is so tight! God, that feels fantastic! I've never even gripped my dick that hard with my hand!"
As the fattest part of his cock stretched its way into her widening ass hole, she groaned, "Oh, my God! It feels like you're shoving a baseball bat up my ass!"
He stopped, and said, "You want me to take it out?"
"No," she said. "But hold still there for a little bit, okay? Let me get used to it." She rocked her hips a little, moving the invading cock inside of her a tiny bit, stretching her already taut muscle just a fraction more.
After half a minute, she said, "Okay, keep going, baby. I want to feel your stiff cock all the way up inside my ass! I want to feel your balls squished against my cheeks."
He rocked forward, and savored the amazing feeling as his hard dick disappeared slowly up his beautiful wife's ass for the first time. Finally, he was all the way in, and with his balls pressed against her ass, he relaxed his arms, gently lowering his weight on top of her, and just lay still.
"You still okay with this?" he whispered into her ear.
"Yeah," she said. "I actually like it. I like the full feeling it gives me. And that stretch, too." She craned her head around so they could kiss, and she added, "Besides, any filthy slut-wife worth her salt should be able to take her own husband's cock up her ass as a reward for letting her be a cock-hungry nympho."
"I think I read that on a cross-stitch, somewhere," he said with a chuckle.
She laughed, and said, "It's a quote from Ben Franklin, I think." She then wiggled her ass, and said, "Slide that thing out of me, and then let's see if I can take it back up my slut-wife little ass hole in one long push."
He took his hard dick all the way out, rubbed the head over the little hole—which seemed to be not quite as little now—and leaned forward, spreading the pucker apart, once again.
As he pushed forward at a steady, even pace, reveling in the tight grip around his cock, Crystal let out a long moan, that lasted until he was, once again, balls deep up her ass.
"All right," she said, "I am officially a three-way woman! Now, fuck me with thing! Take it slow to start, but keep doing it faster. I want you to fuck me up the ass, and fill my guts with your hot cum!"
Little by little, Bill picked up the pace, until he was fucking his wife's ass as fast as he was able to jab the size of his cock into the tightness of her little hole.
As she got used to the feeling—actually enjoying it—she began encouraging him—as if he needed it. "God, baby, yes!" she growled. "Shove that hard cock up your slut-wife's little ass! Fuck my ass hole! Fuck me 'til I feel your cum squirting inside me! God, I love you, baby!"
Having recently filled Crystal's cunt with cum as the plumber, Bill's second orgasm of the night was a little longer in coming, and it allowed him to enjoy the fabulous feeling of his wife's ass longer than he might have, otherwise.
"Here I come, baby!" he said. "I'm gonna pump my hot cum right up your beautiful ass for the first time, ever!"
As she heard him grunting, and felt his cock pulse in her tight little hole, she said, "But it ain't gonna be the last time, I promise you that!"
On Friday morning, about two weeks later—during which time Bill had also played a Chinese-food delivery guy who got his brains screwed out by the most extroverted horny-housewife he had ever met—Bill called Crystal from work.
After hellos, he asked her, "How'd you like to go over to Springfield tonight and pick up some out-of-town businessman in a hotel lounge?"
"Come again?" she said, caught off guard.
"Oh, I hope so!" he said with a laugh. "I've got a business meeting over there today, so I rented a room at the Windgate, and I thought you could get dressed up in a really sexy outfit, and go and pick up some horny businessman to take up to your room and fuck."
"With you in the part of the businessman, I assume," she replied.
"A dual role, actually," he answered. "I'll also be playing the unseen voyeur-husband who stays in the shadows to watch his sexy wife flirt with strangers until it's time to go upstairs withMr. Right, and get her brains fucked out."
She laughed, and said, "Oh, I like it! I haven't picked up a guy in a bar since college, I remember that flirting being so much fun! And arousing, too! What do you think I should wear?" She imagined that he had this pretty well worked out in his head; he was like that.
"Go out and buy whatever you think is appropriate," he answered. Then, with a chuckle, he added, "Orinappropriate, as the case may be."
"What's my budget?" she asked.
"Unlimited," he replied. "I just want to see a sexy, knock-out, hot-wife, who's looking for a good fuck, walk into that bar, so every guy there will want to be the guy thatI'mgoing to be in the end."
It was after 5:00 when she checked into the hotel with her half-empty carry-on suitcase. The outfit she had bought certainly didn't take up much room, leaving plenty for her new shoes, her make-up kit, and a change of clothes for the morning.
At Bill's suggestion, she ordered a light dinner from room service, and then took her time getting ready. He said that he would be in the lounge about 7:00, and wanted to see her entrance.
When room service knocked, she was naked, and she just threw on the hotel robe. She went to the door, and peering out through the peep hole, she could see that the person they sent was a guy, though in the distorted fish-eye view, she couldn't tell much more.
She looked at herself in the full-length mirror on the wall, and she loosened the robe's belt a little, to let it hang open.
As soon as Crystal opened the door, the waiter—a good looking kid, probably in his mid twenties—did a double-take at her mostly-exposed tits, but then quickly looked away as he brought in her food.
She smiled at his reaction, and as he set the tray on the bed, she turned away from him, facing the mirror above the dresser.
She bent over to get a couple bills from her wallet, and from the corner of her eye, she could see he was looking at her reflection. She spent a little more time than necessary searching her wallet, knowing that he would be able to see clearly into her gaping robe, and see every bit of her naked tits.
She turned back, handed him the bills, and said, "Thank you."
"Thankyou!" he replied enthusiastically.
She smiled when she closed the door behind him, and shrugged off the robe, again.
She reached down, and ran a finger through her pussy lips. She was wet. She smiled at how arousing being an exhibitionist was for her.
She remembered how sexy she felt when she hadaccidentallyexposed her tits to Jeff in the swimming pool. It was the first time she'd ever done anything like that. And then, when he came back later, and she knew he was ogling her naked tits while he cleaned the pool, she had everything she could do to keep her hand from reaching down and rubbing her pussy.
And when Bill had played the plumber, and she had led up to hisseductionby letting him check out her barely constrained tits, and then look up under her dress at her naked pussy, she felt like she might actually drip pussy juice on his face, she was so wet. Exposing herself to thecable guywas fantastic, too!
The private play-acting with Bill had been very arousing, but she began to realize that exposing herself torealstrangers—first Jeff, and now the room-service kid—was even more of an erotic thrill for her;farmore! She couldn't wait to wiggle into her sexy new outfit, and show herself off to guys down in the bar.
Although Bill's plan was to eventually role-play a stranger and pick her up for the final act, there was a part of her that hoped that he might let arealstranger fill that role, and then come back up to the room with them, and watch her fuck the guy silly. Hewasalso playing the voyeur husband, after all.
Naked, she walked over in front of the full-length mirror, again. For being in her late thirties, she thought she looked pretty good. A reasonable diet and regular exercise kept most of her body in shape.Mostof it.
She cupped her hands under her full c-cup tits, and lifted them back to where they had been when she got married. She had realized a long time ago that there wasn't an exercise in the world that would keep boobs from sagging over time. Aside from repealing the law of gravity, surgery was the only hope to turn back time on her tits.
She wondered if therewasa surgery that would make her tits perky, again. She didn't want them larger—she liked their size—just up where they used to be.
To fill that requirement tonight, she had bought a white shelf-bra, and she went and got it from her carry-on.
She put it on, and smiled at herself in the mirror. Cupping her tits from below, the lace-trimmed bra lifted them up, but without obscuring her nipples. When she leaned over, she wanted to make sure that whatever guy was looking would be able to get acompleteview of her tits.
She traced her fingers around her dark areolas, and watched as her little nubs grew in size and stiffness. She then took the excited nubs between her fingers and thumbs, and rolled them gently. The gentleness quickly became squeezing, and as she mewed contentedly at the glorious feeling, she added pulling.
Still watching herself in the mirror, she slid one hand down to her pussy, again, while continuing to pull on her nipple with the other.
She slid the finger through the growing wetness, and then rubbed her clit, making tight little circles as she pressed hard against the sensitive little button. She then slid her finger down, and curled it to slide up inside her cunt hole. She pushed it as deep as it would go, and mashed her palm against her clit as she ground her hand hard against her now-soaked pussy.
She hadn't planned on jilling-off before going down to play the sexy hot-wife for her husband, but things had just transpired all day to get her so horny that she knew if she didn't get off before she went down into the bar, she'd probably have warm pussy juice running down her legs the first time some stranger looked down her blouse at her naked tits.
Bill's call had started her off, imagining playing the hot-wife in front of actual strangers. Then, when she went shopping for her sexy outfit, the salesperson—a pretty woman around thirty, or so—seemed to pay more attention to her than might have been required, including making several flattering comments about her body.
When the woman asked if there was a special occasion was for a new outfit, for some reason Crystal felt comfortable enough with her to open up, and explain about her and Bill's role-playing, and the seductress hot-wife part she was going to play in an out-of-town hotel bar. The woman replied that she was envious, and wished that she could getherhusband to be that sexually adventurous.
Then, of course, there was flashing the waiter.
She added a second finger into her steaming cunt, and looked over at the carry-on, where her rubber, cock-shaped dildo was. Something told her not to use it, however; to just get herself off with her hand.
Watching herself in the mirror, while squeezing and stretching her nipples with one hand, she spread her legs a little farther apart, going into a slight squat, and began to finger-fuck her cunt hard and fast.
The combination of sensations; her nipples being stretched; her fingers pounding into her cunt hole; her palm beating on her clit; and even the wet slapping sounds that her hand made as it mashed against her wet pussy lips brought her to the edge very quickly, and as she screwed her eyes tightly shut, her whole body stiffened, and her cunt began to pump its hot juices all over the hand pounding mercilessly into and against her pussy.
As the intense orgasm finally played out, she had to steady herself by putting one hand—the dry one—against the mirror. She slid her fingers from her cunt, and massaged them gently through her dripping pussy lips. While leaning there, catching her breath, she looked down, and could see that her pussy juice had run all the way down her legs to her ankles.
She chuckled to herself, and said, "Yeah,thatwould have been classy on the dance floor!"
She then straightened up, took off her bra, and headed for the shower.
***
Bill didn't get out of his business meeting until after 6:30, and felt lucky that he was able to get to the hotel before 7:00. He didn't' want to miss Crystal's entrance.
The hotel's lounge was a good sized room, with a long bar, a parquet dance floor, and a slightly raised stage at one end where a three-piece band and a singer were just setting up. There were booths along the two other walls, and high-top tables filling the area up to the dance floor.
Considering that it wasn't quite 7:00, yet, Bill was surprised at how many people were already there. The place was probably two-thirds full, with three-quarters of the patrons being men.
Bill took a seat at the far end of the L-shaped bar, near the stage, where he had a good view of the room's only doorway, and the whole room.
When the bartender came over, he ordered a gin and tonic, and asked if the place was always that busy.
"Not usually," he answered. "At least not this early. But the hotel has a big conference booked this week, so there's a lot of out-of-towners. And this being Friday, it's going to bepackedtonight, when the locals get here, too."
The band started their first number, and Bill turned on his stool to watch them. The singer was a very attractive black woman wearing a white, skin-tight, sequined gown with a plunging-V neckline that showed off her ample breasts, marvelously. The song was a cover of Natalie Cole'sUnforgettable, and was spot on. It was one of his and Crystal's favorite slow-tunes to dance to.
When he finally remembered that he was supposed to be watching for his wife, he turned back toward the door, and saw that a small knot of people had just walked in. A quick scan told him she was not in the group, so he refocused on the door.
Then, out of the corner of his eye, he noticed one of the women in the group keep walking toward the other end of the bar, and not staying with the others, who gathered around one of the high-tops.
He almost laughed out loud when he realized that the woman was his wife, and he had not even recognized her, at first. He easily mistook her for one of the businesspeople who were there for the conference, and were now on leisure-time.
She wore a fitted white button-front blouse that was unbuttoned to show a generous amount of uplifted cleavage, and a black skirt that ended a couple inches above the knees. On her feet were open-toed black pumps with four-inch heels. They were at least an inch taller than anything he could remember her wearing, but she glided across the floor in them like a runway model.
Around her neck she wore a short string of pearls, but it was from there, up, where the biggest transition had taken place.
Her make-up was done impeccably, including a shade of red lipstick that he had never seen on her, and more eye-liner than she normally wore. And perched on her nose was a pair of over-sized "secretary glasses" that made her look studious and very sexy, at the same time. Since Crystal didn't wear glasses or contacts, it was one of the things that threw him off, at first. The other thing was her hair.
Crystal had dark hair with some light streaks, which she wore in a short cut, teased on top, and with her ears exposed. This "sexy-secretary" had dirty-blond hair that curled under just below the ear, with bangs that came down to her eyebrows. It was obviously a wig, but Bill loved the look. He loved thewholesexy look!
What Bill couldn't see from where he sat was that when Crystal slid up onto the stool, the slit in her skirt opened to show an extra foot or more of her smooth, naked outer thigh.
Billdidsee that she was wearing a small clutch-size purse on a skinny strap over her shoulder, and he guessed that was where she had her phone.
He dialed her number, and watched her take her phone from the purse.
"Hi!," she answered. "Are you here?"
"I am," he said. "And I've got a hard-on just looking at you from a distance! If hot, sexy secretary is the look you're going for, you nailed it, baby. I love it!"
"Sexy-secretaryandhot-slut-wife," she replied. "I've never been so turned on in public in my life! Where are you?" she asked, looking around.
"Other end of the bar; to your left," he answered. She turned toward him, and he gave her a big smile and a wink.
"You want me to come down there, so you can check me out, better?" she said to him. "You're going to love the bra I'm just barely wearing."
He chuckled, and said, "Describe it to me."
She chuckled, too, and in a quieter voice, she said into her phone, "It's a lace-trimmed shelf-bra that holds my boobs up where they were the first time you ogled them years ago. It leaves my nipples completely exposed and rubbing against my blouse, which has them excited and hard."
Looking at her while speaking into his phone, he said, "Show me; take a picture down your blouse, and send it to me."
She laughed at the naughtiness of the idea, and said, "I'll call you right back."
She hung up, switched her phone to camera mode, and leaned forward on her elbows to make the blouse gap open. Then, as inconspicuously as possible, she rotated the phone to aim downward. When she held it low enough so she could see the screen, the field of view wasn't wide enough to provide an adequate shot of both of her naked tits.
Still leaning on one elbow, she raised the camera up, level with the top of her forehead, guessing that that would be far enough away, and snapped picture without being able to see the screen. She then tapped the preview button, and saw that although the shot wasn't framed evenly, it did show both of her boobs, and her whole nipples, with their erect little nubs. She tapped "share," typed in her husband's number, and texted it too him.
When she looked up, she noticed the bartender standing in front of her, and it suddenly occurred to her that althoughshecouldn't see the screen when she took the photo,hewould have been able to.
"Selfies can be tricky," he said with a smile. "You want me to help you with that?"
She laughed, just a bit embarrassed at having been caught, but with a little exhibitionist-rush at the same time. "That's okay," she said, "I think I got it."
"You mind if I ask who's the lucky person you sent it to?" he said.
"My husband," she answered, not adding that he was at the other end of the bar, watching.
"Really?" the guy said. "Did he know you left the house like that, before you sent the picture?"
"It was his idea," she said. "He encourages the exhibitionist in me."
The guy let out a low whistle, and said, "Wow! Lucky guy!"
"Lucky wife!" Crystal added.
"And luckybartender!" the guy replied. "I almost turned down the overtime, tonight." He extended his hand, and added, "I'm Ronny; you let me know if you need anything, ma'am; it's on the house."
She crooked her finger to get him to lean in closer—to where she knew he had a perfect view down her blouse—and shook his hand. "I'm Crystal," she said. "Nice to meet you, Ronnie. I'll be ordering gin-and-tonics, but I'd like you to mix them really light, okay? I don't want to get drunk."
Just then, her phone chirped, and as she gave Ronny a wink, she answered it.
Bill said from the other end of the bar, "My God, baby! That is one sexy look! I may make that the picture that pops up when you call me."
She laughed, and said, "I dare you!"
Just then a good looking guy, probably a bit older than Bill, took the stool next to Crystal, and while she was "distracted" on the phone, Bill could see him copping a long look down her blouse.
Quietly, Bill said, "Looks like you've got an admirer. He's checking out your tits even while we speak."
"So, what do you think I should do, in that case?" she replied.
"Baby," Bill said, "you can do anything a hot, slutty wife might do in a public place. I'm going to sit here and watch, and try to keep my hard-on from shooting down my leg. I love you, baby! Have fun!"
"Me, too," she said. "Thanks. Bye."
"Hi. Can I buy you a drink?" the guy said. "I'm Kyle, by the way."
"Hi, Kyle. Crissy," she said, the idea of using her nickname from when she was a kid, suddenly popping into her head. "A gin-and-tonic would be nice, thanks."
Soon after Ronny brought the drinks, the band started to playMisty, and the Kyle asked, "Would you care to dance?"
As they moved about the dance floor, Kyle gradually held Crystal closer and closer, until her erect nipples were pressing against and rubbing his chest with each sway. She wondered if he could feel the hard nubs.
As they rocked, Kyle's hand inched farther and farther down her back, until it has caressing her lower back where it transitioned into the curve of her ass. When she made no pretense of stopping him—and in fact, ground her hips into him a little tighter—he took the liberty of gliding his hand gently over her ass as they danced.
Swaying gently, cheek to cheek, Crystal whispered into his ear, "I have to tell you that you're making me very wet."
He chuckled, and whispered in reply, "Trust me; you're having the same effect on me. I'm glad I'm wearing dark slacks. You're a very sexy woman."
She swayed her hips a little bit, rubbing her leg across his erection, and said, "I did kind of think you were happy to see me."
He laughed, and took her in a little spin that allowed him to pull her in close with his hand tight on her ass, while rubbing his hard-on across her leg, back and forth.
She let out a little sigh of pleasure, but then said into his ear, "I don't want to lead you on, Kyle, so I've got to give you full disclosure, okay? I'm here with my husband."
His swaying steps stiffened a bit, and his hand moved back up to the small of her back.
She chuckled, and said, "Put your hand back on my ass. I liked it there, and I liked the feel of your hard dick against my leg. It makes me feel sexy. Andthatturns my husband on; he's a voyeur; he likes to watch me flirt with other guys."
"Justflirt?" Kyle asked, as his hand drifted back down to cup the curve of her ass, and he looked over her shoulder for someone staring at them, intently.
"I'm afraid so," she answered. "That's our deal. I get to get my juices flowing by beingappreciatedby strange men, but he gets to take me home and screw my brains out."
"An interesting marriage model," he said. "But I guess, if it works, who am I to judge?"
"Again, I didn't want to lead you on," she said. "I understand, completely, if you want to move on to potentially greener pastures."
He slid his other hand down onto her ass, and pulled her into him, rocking his hips so he was sure she could feel is stiff cock rubbing against her pubic mound.
"Has your husband put limits on yourflirting?" Kyle asked into her ear, just before giving it a gentle nibble.
She rocked her hips back against his dick, and answered, "I believe his words wereanything you can do in public, or something to that effect."
Kyle whispered into her ear, "Well, let's give your voyeur husband something to watch." He then turned his head, and kissed her on the mouth.
When he broke the kiss, she smiled, and said, "I like the way your mind works." She then raised both of her arms up, put them around his neck, and kissed him hungrily while grinding her hips into the stiff cock that was trapped between them.
As they turned on the dance floor, Crystal looked over Kyle's shoulder at Bill, and gave him a wink. He gave her a big smile, and a thumbs-up.
For the next half hour, they danced almost every song, taking only short breaks to go back to the bar for sips of their drinks.
To say that their dancing was provocative, was putting it mildly, and as Bill looked around the room he saw many menandwomen, watching them.
During one of the fast numbers, Bill looked on as Kyle turned her around, put one arm across her chest, and pulled her back into his front. Although it happened quickly, he could clearly see his hand cup her left tit through her blouse, and even saw his fingers play with her nipple. She responded by suggestively grounding her ass into his crotch. Bill had no doubt that she could feel his stiff dick nestled there.
As she turned and caught Bill's eye again, he gave hertwothumbs up!
Having finished his G&T, Bill looked up to find the bartender, and saw him talking with another man standing at the other end of the bar.
They were obviously looking at Crystal on the dance floor, and from the bartender's hand gestures, he guessed he was telling the guy about the selfie she had taken of her tits, earlier. The guy nodded with a big smile on his face.
The song ended, and as they left the floor, Kyle said to Crystal, "Are you as wet as I am hard, after all that?"
She chuckled, and said, "I was just thinking that I need to take a short trip to the ladies' room to clean up a bit. I've never been this wet in public, in my life! Thank you for such a wonderful time! I'll bet my husband sends his thanks, too. I'm sure he's just as hard."
Kyle took his handkerchief from his pocket and handed it to her. "Can I talk you into using this to clean up, and then bringing it back to me? A little memento of a very unique evening with a most stunning woman."
She laughed, and gave him a quick kiss on the lips as she took the handkerchief. "I'll be right back," she said, and headed towards the restrooms, picking her purse up from the bar, on the way.
As Bill watched, Crystal's new friend took his seat at the bar, and the guy that had just been talking to the bartender walked over, and took Crystal's seat.
The two men chatted and exchanged a couple of laughs, and Bill got the impression that that they knew each other.
When Crystal returned, a few minutes later, both men stood up, and Bill watched as his wife's dance partner introduced her to the new guy. The three chatted a moment, and then her friend excused himself, and headed off in the direction of the restrooms.
Before the guy left, Crystal opened her purse, took something out, and handed it too him. A handkerchief? Bill wondered what that was about, but as the guy walked away, he brought the handkerchief up to his nose. But he didn't blow it; he appeared to inhale, instead. Suddenly, he understood that his wife had given him a smell of her wet pussy—and a token to take home with him—and he smiled at her frisky playfulness.
The new guy and Crystal sat down, and Bill watched them chat and laugh, the guy taking full advantage of the opportunity to check out her virtually naked tits as she leaned in close to say or hear something above the noise of the lounge.
After a bit of close-in kibitzing, Bill saw his wife straighten up with a look of curiosity on her face. Then, she pointed in his direction, and the man turned on his stool, and both of them looked at him as Crystal gave a little wave.
Bill returned the wave, and the guy nodded slightly as he gave his own wave of acknowledgement. He then turned back around, chatted with Crystal a little longer, and then as he slid off his stool, he took her hand, bowed, and kissed it ... taking one last long look at her tits on display within her open blouse.
The guy walked off and began talking with a pair of couples at a high-top. Bill got the impression that the guy was a regular here. He had to wonder why Crystal had obviously told him that she was there with her husband, and then pointed him out. Was she in danger of getting thrown out forlewd and lascivious public behavior?
Crystal's friend returned from the men's room, and after she drained her G&T—her third—they headed back to the dance floor. As her partner took her in his arms, then slid his hands down onto their now-familiar place on her ass, Crystal looked over his shoulder, and blew Bill a kiss. He smiled, gave her a wink, and another thumbs-up.
As they turned, Bill noticed that Crystal had obviously done something to her skirt while in the ladies' room, because it was now slit up the side, showing her naked thigh almost all the way to her waist! As he watched, her partner's hand slid from her ass, and began rubbing the newly-exposed naked flesh of her leg.
As he lost his view of the couple among the others on the floor, Bill turned back, and watched as the bartender took his wife's empty glass, and mixed her another drink. He smiled when he saw the tiny splash of gin that he put in the glass before filling it with ice and tonic. It explained why she hadn't spun to the floor, drunk, during one of the fast dances. Catching the young man's eye, he lifted his empty glass, and the guy nodded his understanding.
As Bill turned back to try to find his wife, again, the guy he had waved at down the length of the bar came up, and stood beside him.
Extending his hand, he said, "Hi. I'm Ted. You have a beautiful, charming, and very vivacious wife. You're a lucky man."
Shaking the man's hand, Bill replied, "Thanks. I consider myselfdamnedlucky to have her ... and that she'd have the likes of me! I'm Bill. Pleased to meet you."
"Don't sell yourself short; she's a lucky woman to have such an open-minded and self-confident husband," Ted went on. "Not too many men could enjoy watching their wife enjoy herself the way she is. She explained your role-playing game to me."
They watched for a moment, as she and Kyle ground their hips together and kissed, while he slid his fingertips inside the slit of her skirt, caressing the naked flesh of the edge of her ass that was barely hidden any longer.
"Which brings me to the reason that she pointed you out, and suggested I come over and talk to you," Ted added.
"I wondered about that," Bill said.
"I propositioned her," Ted said. Then with a smile, he added, "but being the lady and devoted wife that she is, she said I'd have to talk to you about it."
"I see," Bill said, as the bartender set his drink on the bar.
Ted took what looked like a room-card out of his jacket pocket, and handed it to Bill. It was all red, with no printing on either side, except the word, "GUEST," in the bottom left corner of the front.
"If you use that in the last elevator to the right, it will take you—and your lovely wife, of course—directly to the penthouse," Ted explained. "On the last Friday of each month, I host a by-invitation-only party up there, for sexually open-minded people like you and your wife.
"Everyone—couples, singles, straights, gays, and bi's, by the way—is free to do whatever they're comfortable with. Some of the couples like to just watch the others, and then get intimate with each other; and some really enjoybeingwatched. Others exchange partners, or engage ingroup activities. It's a very free, open, andimaginativegroup."
As they spoke, both men were watching Crystal and Kyle dance, and Bill noticed that she had apparently unfastened another button—or two—on her blouse, and when her partner gave her a twirl, the blouse opened enough to expose her naked tits to all who were watching ... and there were plenty.
"Things usually start to get interesting up there around 8:00, or so," Ted said, not taking his eyes from Crystal. "Your wife seemed quite interested when I explained it all to her, by the way," he added.
"I'm not surprised," Bill said. "And so am I. Thank you!" he slid the card into his shirt pocket, and added, "Now, I just need to keep her from being arrested before then."
Ted chuckled, shook Bill's hand, again, and said, "I look foreword to seeing you both upstairs, later on, then."
As Crystal and Kyle walked back to the bar—with his hand cupping her ass—she looked over at Bill. He slid the card from his pocket, showed it to her, and gave her a thumbs-up with his other hand.
She gave him a big smile, silently mouthed, "Thank you!" and gave him a wink.
Half an hour later, Bill and Crystal stepped into the elevator, and he slipped the card into the slot.
As soon as the doors closed, Crystal threw her arms around Bill's neck, kissed him passionately, and then said, "My God! I have never felt so sexy in all my life! Thank you so, so much for letting me do that! I love you so much!"
"I love you, too, baby!" he replied. "That was quite a show you and your friend put on. I think you had every guy there watching your tits playing peek-a-boo while you danced."
"I know," she said with a chuckle. "That made me so hot! All these years, and I never knew I was an exhibitionist. Thank you for finally bringing that out!"
"My pleasure, believe me!" he said. "It would never have occurred to me that I'd like watching you expose yourself in public, so much, either."
With her arms still around her husband's neck, Crystal said, "If Ted hadn't given us that card, would you have let me take Kyle up to our room, and then watched while he fucked me?"
Bill laughed, and said, "I wasn't sure that I wasn't going to be watching him fuck you on thedance floor, in another fifteen minutes! But yes, I would have enjoyed watching the two of you fuck, and I was sure that was where it was going."
"So, you're okay if I get intimate with some stranger up here, tonight?" she asked.
"Baby—my hot and sexy little slut-wife—you have my permission to whatever you want, with whomever you want," he answered, and gave her a deep kiss.
She gave him a wide smile, and said, "Same goes for you, you know. If you find some cute fox up there that you want to fuck, you have my blessing."
"We'll see how it plays out," he replied. "I found out with Jeff that I lovewatchingyou get fucked. I may just keep my eye on you as you fuck other guys, and then have you give me a blow job and eat my long-built load of cum to cap off the night."
Again, she gave him a wide smile, and said, "I wouldloveto kneel in the middle of the room, and let you fuck my slut-wife mouth while everyone watches!"
They were kissing, again, when the elevator stopped, and the doors opened.
They stepped out into a large living room with a fantastic view of the city through the wall of glass on the far side. Between them and the glass, however was an equally fantastic view of good looking men and beautiful women, in various states of dress, undress, and complete nudity.
As they stared around the room, both of them slightly slack-jawed at the almost unbelievable scene, a very pretty young woman, with sexy tan lines, approached them. She was topless, with firm B-cup tits and rosy pink nipples. She wore a black lace garter, with dark stockings, three-inch heels, and a black bowtie.
"Hello! Welcome!" she said cheerily. "Could I have your card, please?"
Bill took it from his pocket and handed it to her. He made no attempt to hide his look of disappointment that he couldn't keep it fornextmonth's party.
Reading his face, she smiled, and said, "It only works on the day that Mr. Hunter gives it out." She slipped the card between the garter and her flat belly, and then pointing, she said, "Can I get you to sign the guestbook, please? And can I get you something from the bar?"
"Gin and tonic, extra-light on the gin, for the lady," Bill said. "And I'll have a glass of cabernet, if you have it."
"We have a Silver Oak, from Napa Valley," she replied.
"That's fine," he said, not familiar with it, but guessing from his surroundings that it was expensive.
As the woman walked away, both Bill and Crystal watched her smooth, naked, white ass, and Bill commented, "I don't think we're in Kansas anymore, Toto."
"But we may have found the end of the rainbow!" Crystal replied.
(Continued shortly in Part-4. Love, Casey)