Summer Mud


Literocat © 2022

Last week's heat wave of 100 degree days finally broke in time for our mud fun in the sun day — though I didn't know what it was until the last second. Al had spent a month planning this surprise September 1stday. Something more was happening. Every weekend in July and August he went off for a day. He was sandy when he came back.
Eventually, I learned that our fun day inspired him to build it to a part time business. So what was his genius idea? He asked if I were ready to visit a nude beach. I wasn't. Yet, he figured out I love accidental exhibition so I couldn't be confused with a modest person. After just the right amount of resistance, I often let him expose me to strangers and friends. I wonder what that would be like with family. We began with allowing my light skirts to billow up to my waist when my hands were full. Flashing my butt and panties is still thrilling in the right, taboo, places, especially when my panties were damp. I can be so naughty.
He pretended not to notice when I left a mid-blouse button open so my bra, and later my braless bare tit, was visible in the gap. I got a C-cup bra to 'cover' my B-cup tits. Leaving an extra top button open and leaning forward gave my coworkers a full and clear view of one tit at a time floating in my oversized bra. Somehow, I 'never' noticed the eyes locked on my hard nipples.
I'd imagine them each sucking on them — sometimes as Al watched. Those fantasies quickly escalated to my friends stripping me — at least my top and lifting my skirt — so at least two of them could take me as I leaned forward on my desk. One would fill my mouth, another my pussy or ass. Al might flick my clit as another would suck my tits. I would cum hard from that no matter if I were still working or out in public. One day I'll have three cocks in me at once.
Yet, I was shy in my bikini in normal situations. He may have planned his surprise for me as a prelude to stripping at a nude beach or resort. Maybe one day, if I lose a bet. . . . There was that time whenweburied me in Death Valley face down. That was scary, yet it got my adrenalin rushing nicely. I still fantasize about that. He even published a story about it inI Buried My Naked Wife in The Desert.
"Hi Sue. Are you ready to go? What are you up to?"
"Hi Al. So early? It's barely eight."
"Yes. We have about a ninety-minute drive to get there before the sun peaks. Put on a snug bikini and lets go. I'll tell you more on the drive there. Bring an extra towel, but no extra clothes."
"OK. This looks like the way to Death Valley. What kind of surprise have you planned?"
"Sue, remember that lean-to general store in Death Valley? We're going there. That family is grand fathered in and owns two acres of land since before it became a National Park. They have restrictions on how much they can do on the land, so no new buildings or structures. I convinced them that a hole in the ground isn't a structure and if they managed what I design and help build a business from it, we can share the profits."
"So you're taking me to a hole in the ground? How grand."
"Yes. A cool, deep hole lined with garden plastic and half filled again with sand and water. Our own mini water park. We are testing the concept alone today. I already arranged to use the hole twice a week for the rest of the Summer and Fall. No ads go out until we know if the mud hole works for fun and healing baths. Pool shockers go in the water to keep things sanitary. It may be low, but I'm figuring selling two hours use for $20. Maybe we can do an early morning and late session each day. What do you think?"
"So you want me to work this mud hole too? I wish you'd asked me in sooner."
"It started as a simple surprise for just us, then got complicated quickly. Digging, lining and filling a half Olympic pool sized hole cost much more than I expected, so I looked at how to spread out the $4000 cost. We don't have to open it to others, but. . . ."
"I get it. This would be a generous gift if we keep it to ourselves. Having others join us might be fun, paying or not. Oh, we're here."
"Yes. Parking is on the side. We have to provide our own shower water after today, but we can use the local's hose for now. There's a sandstone shower pad here so whatever runoff the dessert sand does not instantly absorb can spill back into the mud hole. We need a better name for that."
"Glory hole?"
"NO! Definitely not that. The water and sand are in; we lined the edges with 2x6 planks to anchor the plastic and keep the edge square. Let's jump in and stir it up. No one's around to see you in your neon pink bikini except, maybe, the old folks who own the store. They already saw us naked last Nude Day, if you recall." Sue blushed and glanced toward the store. The couple and another stranger were staring at us.
After checking her bottoms and adjusting her small tits in the top, we applied some SPF 50 to each other. After covering all her exposed skin, I reached in and rubbed some on each cute tit and hardening nipple. She grinned and allowed me to stretch her covered nipples despite our fixated audience. Squirting more sunblock in my hands, I reached into her bottoms and thoroughly covered her firm ass then reached in her front and covered her swelling labia. My cock tried escaping my Speedo. When I rubbed her pussy with the slippery salve, her eyes rolled back and she moaned lightly. Coconut and sex aroma filled our noses. Rubbing her clit with sunblock was necessary, right? She shuddered, head back, and kept her sweet, pacific smile. I held and lightly fingered her through her climax.
A sigh filled her lungs. Then she turned me toward our audience, took the SPF 50, and pushed my Speedo down to release my throbbing cock. Delighted, she began coating my balls and stiffness before sliding up my gut, arms, and chest — every sweep included a push or squeeze on my aching cock. Finally, she turned me by my cock and rubbed my ass, legs (back and front), and my back. When she pulled one cheek open and covered my crack, I knew I hadn't exposed her enough. I had the perfect excuse.
When she turned me and rubbed my cock for our now six person audience, I unhooked her top and tossed toward the store. She stood up and covered her tits. Before she could speak, I pushed her bottoms to her feet then off. Now naked and facing the store, she blubbered, "W-what are you doing? People are watching and now I'm naked."
"Yes. You're more beautiful naked. Since you exposed me, I figured tit-for-cock was fair. Besides, you don't want to get your swimsuit all muddy, right?"
In answer, she let go her tits and pushed my Speedo to the sand. As she bent to remove it and toss it aside, she kissed my bishop and made it bounce for our viewers. We turned and walked hand in hand to the 'Sand Sink' (?) — nah. 'Holey Sand Bath' — nope.
The morning sun already warmed our shoulder tops and I considered selling sunblock or letting the Murphs stock up their store with it. Our skin puckered when we jumped into the fresh, cold water. "That's a cold, shocking contrast to what will soon be bath-warm water, Sue."
We walked the hip-deep pool, stiff cock and hard nipples swaying, until the sand blended into loose mud.Maybe too much water?Just as the sand blended completely, the two couples from the store came to the edge. "Hi. The Murphs said you were opening this sweet sand hole to others and we hoped to be the first. May we join you?"
Sue and I looked at each other, mud reaching almost to our hips. I began, "Well, this was to be our day exclusively, but if my wife, Sue, agrees, I'm OK with that. There are two provisions. You must be nude too; you must let us examine you carefully. If that's OK, strip and squat where you are." In a flash, they were naked and standing above us. My cock stiffened again as the two average women squatted and splayed open their pretty pussies. Both had B or C cups and stiff nipples. With no obvious diseases, I leaned in for an arbitrary sniff test. Tempted as I was to taste these pussies, I merely felt them and ushered their clits out before giving them a thumbs up.
Sue had two new, stiff cocks near her face. She squeezed and lifted each one looking for signs of disease on them and the balls which hung with them. Both were cut, yet she ran her fingers around their bishops. She gave them a longer squeeze, then approved them for 'entry.'
With the mud already mixed, the guys canon balled in creating a Pollock of mud on us. The women jumped in feet first. Finally sinking into the mud to our chins, we felt the silky coarseness of the fine sand. Too thick to swim in, the thickening sand embraced us with a weighty comfort. My eyes popped open when I felt a hand on my cock with Sue surrounded by the other men. "Hi. I'm Kara and this is my sister Dee. Those lug heads are our husbands, Ken and Dan. Haaapy to meet you," she said as she squeezed me harder. Dee moved from my balls to my cock as she nodded. I wondered if Sue had both hands full of cock. They were close enough to be fingering her, but would they? In all this sand, that would be evil.
Suspicions grew when I saw her go completely under as they smiled. "Wondering what she's doing? We can show you," said Dee. The sisters went under and I felt each of their lips press against my cock. They came back up and each took my hand and placed it on their tit. "Can't kiss or blow you in all this sand, but that was still fun. Sue had twice the fun. Now they are rubbing this sand across her nipples. Do us." Seeing Sue's tits above the mud and in strangers' hands, I caved in to the sisters' request. The fine grit added unique texture to the hard nipples under my fingers. I wished I could taste them.
As I moved closer to Sue, I heard her instruct, "Not inside. You can rub my clit gently while you lightly stroke my ass. Oh, hi hon. We're trying to figure out how much we can do in this mud. No sex, obviously. I lightly kissed their cocks as they said their wives kissed yours. When I tried jerking them, some sand got in them, so that's out too. Besides, we don't want our sacred sand polluted with twenty guys' cum. I promised I'd help them cum after we shower the sand off. That's OK, right?" I didn't answer and turned away.
"You ladies want some help to climax after our shower too?" They smiled and nodded. I went under and kissed their clits, then pushed away to enjoy the warming sun. Though this wasn't the day I had planned, it confirmed some ideas for the 'Sacred Sand Pit' — yes! That will do. I floated half under the comfortable mud, with my cock a flagless pole and two other poles nearby.
When we got out, we hosed each other off with the warm hose. The guys had a great time ensuring Sue's pussy was sand free, just as I enjoyed laundering their wives. They cleaned and licked her butt crack next to me as I rimmed their wives. Dee and Kara raised a clean leg on my shoulders, but that was awkward, so I licked and sucked one pussy at a time. Somehow, Sue had a leg on each husband with them standing. Fascinated, I watched each suck and eat Sue's pussy.
I laid down in the last of the lean-to's shade and Dee straddled my face with her tasty twat; her aroma was heavenly sweet. Kara straddled my cock with her hungry pussy. Their groans and distorted faces said they were enjoying our close encounter. I hadn't intended to fuck them, but here it was. The women tickled each other's clit and soon came on me.
As they swapped positions, I saw Sue moaning and sucking one cock deep while the other fucked her from behind. My cock surged and as Kara came on my face and Dee on my cock, I filled Dee with several streams of my creme. Sue had yet to cum. She called out, "Honey, will y-y-you come here and make me full so I can cum?"
I quickly saw how to get all of us involved at once. "Ken, on your back, Sue Reverse Cowgirl with his cock in your ass; Dan, put your pussy-drenched cock in her mouth; Kara, sit on Dan's face; Dee rim her ass as I fill her pussy and make her air tight." Taking our positions felt natural and happened quickly. Getting coordinated took some doing until we all clicked. Sue was first to cum and started all the dominoes falling. Sue kept cumming until her mouth, pussy, and ass were full of hot cum. She pulled her mouth free, swallowed, then and joined us all in gasping for air.
Before we collapsed, we felt the chill of cooler water splashing on us. After the initial shock, it was extremely comfortable. Mrs. Murph held the hose aimed at our groins, "This will help all y'all cool off. It's gettin too hot to keep this up in the midday sun, so maybe it's time for all y'all ta scoot so me and da Mr. can test your mud." She had a wrinkled tit exposed and sucked her nipple as we slowly stood. "I believe your 'Sacred Sand Pit' idea will work. We'll work out details and see y'all next week — maybe for our grand openin."
Sue and I dried off, then shared our towels. "My pussy and ass are full of cum, so you don't mind it leaking on your leather seats?"
Dan volunteered, "Dee and I are happy to clean out my mess. Let us drink her pussy clean?" Ken and Kara volunteered to suck Sue's ass clean when Dan was done. They drained her ass and wiped her cleaner with a towel. Sue nearly came again from each cleansing. The couples hugged us and took off. I found our swim suits, but headed to the car naked. "Hey Al, I need my bikini."
"No, you don't. We're both driving home naked. Come along my sweet pussy. On second thought, Mrs. Murph, why don't you hold onto our suits and towels until we see you next week?"
"Wait. No. Besides the naked drive, how do we get from the car to the house?"
I grinned, "We'll figure it out. I guess you have no choice but to show off your sexy ass to our neighbors today in the still bright sun." She considered that and weighed her exhibiting against getting some others to join us nude.
About forty minutes later, Sue got out the SPF 50 and spread it on her naked body, especially on her tits, hard nipples, and pussy. As she rubbed her pussy, I wondered what got her excited again. "You thinking about Dan and Ken and their hard cocks inside you?"
"Yes. And your hard cock filling their wives' pussies and mouths. Though that disturbed me at first, it started to turn me on more. That how you felt about their teasing my tits and twat?"
"Umm, it did. You know, I need some sunblock here too." She smiled and took the hint. After spreading it all over me, except on my stiff again cock, she capped the bottle. "Sue, my cock needs sunblock too."
"It doesn't if it's in the shade." She leaned over and swallowed my cock into her throat. We groaned together and I swerved. I promised I'd never take a blow job while going ninety again, so I slowed to eighty. So hard to concentrate. We'd just entered the busy interstate when she got on her knees. Pushed her head fully into my bush, then I rubbed her back and ass.
As a pickup truck was about to pass, I spread her cheeks open and he slowed to match my speed. With his phone cam aimed at her ass, I rubbed her brown hole and I'm sure it relaxed and opened a bit for him. His passenger covered his mouth as he whopped and hopped at the beautiful sight of my naked wife. When I reached farther and pried open her wet and puffy pussy, their eyes bulged wider and they gave me grateful thumbs up.
"Honey, don't look, but feel where my fingers are and imagine what the guys next to us are seeing." Her rear hole closed and her pussy clenched my finger. "Don't look and they'll keep staring. They're loving your beautiful pussy." She grunted, but kept her mouth on my cock.
Seconds later she released it. "How do you think they feel about watching your stiff cock in my mouth? Are they enjoying this?" She slipped her head in front of the wheel and slid two fingers down around the base of my cock to give the voyeurs the best and biggest view of my cock, then waved it for them. Her spread ass was still facing them.
"They saw it, but I think they like your pussy much more." Thinking I was teasing her, she angled her head to check. When she saw the truck and riders, she moaned and her pussy flexed. Staying exposed to them was more proof she was enjoying the exposure. I let her cheeks close and the truck sped off with a wave and thanks. "They're gone. You want to stay like this for the next truck?" She didn't respond right away, but didn't swallow my cock either. She sat up and stayed silent. "Answer honestly to me and you. You enjoyed showing off your beautiful pussy and asshole to strangers, didn't you?"
She mumbled a low "yes" before adding, "You used to be so jealous of anyone seeing my bra or panties, not to mention my tits or pussy. Whatever changed, I'm glad." That was the closest I had in years to her acknowledging her closeted exhibitionism. It was a big step.
We got home after many drivers got to stare at her tits. I parked on the street instead of our driveway. I got out first and opened her door. She tried to run to the house, but I held her back. Just like at our Sacred Sands Pit, we walked slowly, nude, hand in hand to the front door. Both hearts raced as we hoped someone was watching and would come ask about our nakedness.
==== 7 hrs 1730 8/19/22 ======= 3275
8/16/22 seminal image: several people in fresh mud hole in dessert