Oblivious to her state of undress Katie walked through the office getting smiles, stares and murmurs from everyone she passed. She entered the bathroom and went straight to the mirror to take a look at her clothes. She was horrified by what she saw.
She grabbed for her skirt to yank it up her legs but the stress was too much for the already failing waistband and it snapped leaving her standing with it in her hands. As she turned she caught a view of her exposed breasts from the side. Katie panicked and turned to put the skirt on the shelf next to the mirror. She quickly reached up with each hand and tried to pull the blouse further back in place but in doing so she only ripped tore it even wider. She was now stood all but naked in an office bathroom and on her very first day at work.
She grabbed what was left of the skirt and ran into one of the cubicles locking the door behind her. She sat crying in to her hands for a little while and then decided to give herself a pep talk. She really wanted to impress on her first day and to make a success of the job. She resolved not to give up and to sort it out. She knew she had to do it!
She first looked at the skirt. The waistband had shredded almost all the way around and as well as snapping it had almost split in two to form two much thinner hoops of fabric. It had basically left her with not much more than a thick shoelace to which the two tattered panels were hung.
She ripped away the broken hoop strip that was free of the panels and dropped it in to the bin. She then carefully pulled away the fabric around the broken button that had originally fastened the waistband. It looked neater but it was still broken. She held the remaining thinner piece of waistband and skirt panels to her body and positioned them in the correct place so that the panels provided as much cover as possible. She then tried to tie the shredded waistband back together in to a loop at her hips. This wasn't easy as there was no extra length on the waistband for her to make a knot.
The only way to get enough length of fabric for the knot was for her to lift it higher on her hips and on to her slimmer waist. She tried this a few times and was finally able to make a knot to hold the waistband together. She immediately saw her problem.
The panels had torn around her hips to such an extent that there was now only four inches of material attached to the waistband across the top of each panel. In front it hung covering her pussy but folded in between her thighs so that the cover it provided narrowed toward the bottom hanging as a 'V' shape over her pussy. In back the same was happening, the four inch wide panel sat across her ass crack but it folded in and between each of her round cheeks.
The skirt now sat much higher which mean that the panels did not drop as low as they previously had. The effect was incredible. What she was left with was a skirt that would not have been out of place on a racy Pocahontas cartoon character, only this one was much shorter and showed a lot more than any Disney cartoon!
Tied much higher around her waist and with only half the width of waistband hanging precariously in front and back, the bottom of each panel now offered her no modesty. The bottom of her pussy could clearly be seen in front and three quarters of her ass cheeks were now visible in back as the material gathered in the centre.
Katie staggered backwards in disbelief and in doing so caught hold of her blouse which she had hung on the back of the door. One whole arm of the blouse came away in her hand. She screamed and grabbed the blouse of the hook and held it up. The arm had torn away quite cleanly but it had widened the side gap even further as without the sleeve the open back panel was now not attached to anything at the side and extended around her body to the front.
Katie carefully considered her options. She couldn't go back in to the office with a blouse with one sleeve and so with a deep breath she carefully tore away the other sleeve from the blouse. After a bit of effort she had torn enough away on both sides so that it was equally balanced.
She looked at the back of the blouse. The open panel in back now continued around each side of her body to the front of where the sleeves had been. The stitching at the bottom of the panel had further unravelled and so the open area now reached around three whole quarters of her body. Whereas before it had finished at the sides, the open back now extended around her waist and only stopped when it reached the narrow panel at the font.
On the back of the blouse she tore away the piece of material that ran across the bottom of the open back panel. It was hanging so loosely across the top of her ass and she could ill afford for it to catch it on something and rip the blouse further! She carefully pulled the blouse on, which wasn't difficult as it now only fitted around her neck. What remained simply hung down in front of her and lay across the tops of her breasts. Once she had it in place she listened for any noises in the bathroom. When she was sure that there was nobody around she gingerly made her way out of the cubicle back to mirror.
Her DIY tailoring job meant that the blouse was now simply just a collar and two front panels on which there was only one button still in place, the others having all broken off due to the immense pressure being forced on them by her breasts and when she tried to tug the blouse back in to place.
She did up the button and looked in the mirror. Her cleavage was vast. She was now showing more naked skin above the waist than she was blouse. The remaining single button rested below her nipples and so provided her some comfort. Above the button there was no cover, her entire cleavage was on display. Below the single button the blouse flared open.
With no sleeves and with a fully open back, the panels fell forward. All she now had was effectively a panel of material hung from her neck and held together with one single fragile button. It was effectively a halter top, but in this case it wasn't fastened to anything. The material hung over her breasts away from her body and separated in to a very wide 'V'. Her nipples were almost completely exposed and only about one fifth of each boob was covered. She almost cried, but after a few deep breaths she turned her attention back to the skirt.
She couldn't get it to sit any lower on her waist and so resigned herself to the fact that she would be exposing both her pussy and ass to the entire office for the remainder of the day, even when standing still and straight. Her worry was that neither the blouse and skirt was not held to her body. The blouse and skirt were now simply loose panels that were draped over her curves. Any small step or twist of her body would set them in motion and having them hanging clear her breasts and pussy.
Katie stood in the cubicle and gathered her thoughts, then, with another deep breath she walked out of the bathroom and back to her desk. After only a few steps her worries were realised. With nothing on each side of the blouse and only the button in the middle, the two panels slipped inwards and rested in the centre of her cleavage. Her breasts were completely exposed to the entire office.
The skirt, now sat high on her waist, was doing much the same. With the 'shoelace' of a waistband sitting higher and the panels now so narrow, the material simply gathered in front and back. She was already showing the bottom half of her pussy and ass because the panels no longer hung low enough but now the entire office was feasting on the view of an angel, her naked breasts and the full exposure of her pussy and ass.
Katie made it back to her desk but was immediately summoned to Mr. Oldham's office. She walked to the open office door and he beckoned her in. Katie stood in front of his desk with her hands clasped in front of her.
Her blouse had remained gathered in the centre of her chest. Both breasts were completely uncovered. It was only 11:30 but Mr. Oldham had seen her plight and although enjoying every second her decided that he needed to offer some support so that she wouldn't turn and leave.
A few years ago he had worked closely with a colleague who had employed a young busty blonde female intern with the looks and body to rival those of Katie. Her had seen her around the office complex and marvelled at the revealing clothes she had been wearing. After a few enquiries he had been told about the girl, the extreme clothes and the exploits she had gotten up to with her colleagues, and more importantly, her manager.
Mr. Oldham politely acknowledged Katie's predicament and explained that he knew of a tailor in town that would be able to help her out by making her a few office outfits. He gave her a business card and directions to the tailors shop and explained that he had rung ahead and that she was expected shortly. Her thought about taking her to the shop herself but decided that it would likely be too much to take and so he booked her a taxi. Mr. Oldham also explained that the tailor had been instructed to bill the company and that they would work out a way for her to repay the money once she was being paid.