Ch 3 – Conference Dinner
After leaving Mathilda, Kate and the Beauty Spa I headed into the resort lobby. I couldn't help but notice and feel that most of the male eyes followed me as I headed to the Lobby Bar. I suspect a few female eyes as well. The gown certainly showed my curves off to the best advantage, as well as exposing a considerable amount of skin.
When I reached the Lobby Bar James was already there seated at the bar. He looked around as I approached him.
"Wow." Was his initial response. After a couple of seconds he composed himself enough to say "You look stunning." As he gave me a kiss on the cheek.
"Thanks. I understand you suggested a couple of the alterations to the gown?" I replied.
"Ummm. Yes. Just a couple of suggestions, which I think improved things dramatically. Does it bother you?"
"Well I probably wouldn't have made all the alterations, but you're paying for it, and ... ummm ... for me." I smiled and sat on the stool next to James.
"Yes that is true. Mathilda said you had a good session at the beauty spa." James remarked.
"Yes. They were very thorough." I replied.
James smiled. "We need to run through a few things for tonight. Let's get a drink then find a table to talk. What would you like?" James asked.
"Hmmm Gin and Tonic." I responded.
James ordered our drinks. The bartender was very prompt in serving them. We got up and James led me to a quiet booth. We slipped in and got comfortable.
"OK. Better get the business over with before the pleasure. You've seen my business card?" James commenced.
I nodded.
"The company I work for supplies industrial equipment and the software to run it. Our clients are generally manufacturers, in a range of industries. Chemical, Manufacturing, Automotive, you name it. You probably don't need to know much about the company but here's a quick blurb." James continued passing me a brochure which I started to look through.
"You said you're in PR?" I nodded in response. "OK. If asked say you're in sales support. If you get asked any technical questions direct them to me. I suspect most of the conversation will be 'small talk'. I bet you can handle that?"
I smiled. "My speciality. I can do small talk with the best of them, even with complete idiots. That's not inferring anything about present company or the company expected tonight."
James smiled. "We're going to be seated with four guys at the dinner tonight. Two each from two of our biggest clients. David and Paul. Eric and Alan. Here are brief profiles on them." James gave me four sheets of paper to read.
"I see you're very thorough." I said glancing over the profiles.
"When I said biggest clients we're talking 10s of millions of dollars. Both companies are looking to build new plants this year and we want a part of the action."
I nodded my head. "Let me have a read and I'll see if I have any questions."
James nodded and we both sipped our drinks while I read the brochure and profiles.
"OK. That all looks fine. I should be able to remember most of that. You'll have to make sure you get the introductions correct. What's happening at the dinner?" I said once I'd finished reading.
"Pre-dinner drinks. I'll introduce you then. There will probably be others around as well. Dinner itself starts at 7:30. Entrée, Main, Dessert, Coffee. Pretty much what you'd expect. An introductory speech. A speech after the main course. Some entertainment as well. We should be finished by 11 at the latest."
"And after the dinner?" I inquired
"Ummm ... I suspect there may be a request for a nightcap and some entertainment. Hopefully one of the guys will suggest using their suite. If there aren't any offers we can use mine. It's better if they offer as it is easier for us to excuse ourselves rather than kick them out."
"I assume I'm part of the entertainment package?" I asked. James nodded. "Have you told them anything about me?"
"No. I was going to say you're sales support here to help me. That way there's no expectations. We can see what happens at the dinner. Though I suspect they will want to get to know you quite intimately." James said winking.
"Condoms." I said. James looked at me a bit blankly.
"You'll have to tell them they have to wear condoms. And you'll have to make sure they wear them. OK?" I continued.
"Yes that's fine. I can't see any problems with that. Do you have any?" James asked.
"Actually I do. Mathilda arranged my clutch and it seems to have a couple of packs in it. Do you think she was expecting something? I said, laughing at the end.
James laughed. "Mathilda is very efficient. I think I said I'd trust her with my life."
"OK. No more questions from me. Is it time to head in? I assume the dinner's in the ballroom?"
"Yes it is. But I've got a couple of surprises before we go in." with that James pulled out a small box from his pocket. He opened it and it contained a lovely pearl necklace and matching earrings.
"Wow." I said looking at them.
"I've borrowed these for tonight. Let me put the necklace on. I'm no good at earrings so you'll have to do them."
I swivelled around so my back was to James. He put necklace around my neck and fastened the clasp. Then he gave me a quick kiss on the back of my neck. I put the two earrings in and made sure the clips were on solidly.
"Very lovely. Please be careful. They have to go back at the end of the night. If anyone asks say they came from the jeweller here. Second surprise." Said James pulling another small box from his pocket. Inside what initially looked like a single earring. A couple of short chains with what looked like diamonds. I looked at it. It was lovely.
"I'd noticed you have a bellybutton piercing. This is to make that a bit more interesting. And to show off the gown a bit more. Do you mind?" James asked.
I shook my head and took the chains out of the box. I checked it out. A curved bar with a threaded ball at the top. I took my current simple bar out and threaded the new one through my piercing, doing up the ball tightly. If felt quite nice having the chains rubbing on my tummy. I leant back to show James.
"How does it look?" I asked.
"The finishing touch." Said James, giving me another kiss. "OK. Time to go. Are you ready?"
I nodded my head. We got up and headed to the ballroom. James escorting me on his arm. He had quite a smile on his face. A lot of people looked at us on our way out and smiled. I suspect they thought we were a couple heading out for a dinner and night out.
It only took us a couple of minutes to get to the ballroom. There were quite a few people there when we arrived. As I expected there were considerably more males than females. The usual case at the conferences I'd been to. But it does mean the females have a lot of nice attention.
I could see quite a few heads swivel as we entered. James headed to a group of people and did the introductions. None were the ones we were sitting with, but other clients of James's company. A waiter came through with drinks. I assumed it was going to be a long night so I took a white wine, intending to pace myself during the evening.
James was talking to couple of people in the group. Two guys, both mid to late thirties seemed to be trying to monopolise my attention. Both of them were having trouble maintaining eye contact, well with my eyes. They were maintaining eye contact with the dress very well. I managed to deflect most of their questions. "I'm in Sales Support." "I only got in today so that's why you haven't seen me at the conference." "James asked for a bit of help while he was here."
After a few minutes James excused us from the group and we moved on.
"How's it going?" James asked.
"Fine so far." I said "Small talk isn't a problem. Are there other groups we need to meet and greet? I assume the main contacts you mentioned will come later."
"Probably a couple of others. There are some other deals I'm working on a well. One group tomorrow for golf. One the day after."
"OK by me. I'm here for two weeks. Let me know what's required." I replied.
"The guys are over the other side. We'll make our way there but probably a few hellos in between. We might have to make them brief."
We worked our way through the crowd. James introduced me to a few groups then generally had to rescue me from the attention of the guys when it was time to move on. He would give me a run down on the various groups as we approached or left them. I tried my best to remember what James said, particularly the ones he said we would be meeting again later.
Eventually we reached the four guys we would be sharing the table with. James did the introductions. David, mid 40s, tall, dark hair which was just starting to get some grey. He was still in pretty good shape. Paul, late 30s, blonde, goatee beard, probably around my height. David and Paul were with the same manufacturing company. Dave was obviously senior to Paul. Eric, late 40s, distinguished grey, glasses, starting to show some middle age spread. Lastly Alan, probably mid 30s, shaved head, tall, very good shape verging on being a body builder.
The profiles James had given me were very helpful. David and Paul worked for a chemical company while Eric and Alan worked for a mineral processing company. I soon found myself talking to Paul and Alan while James was talking to David and Eric. Both were quite nice to talk to. We got the formalities over quickly.
We soon settled down to sport and exercise. Alan was a bit of a gym junkie so we compared notes for a while. Paul played football when he was younger and was now in a veterans' league. Both swam regularly.
The doors to the ballroom were opened and people started moving in for the dinner. Paul and Alan took me by each arm and escorted me in. Our table was on the side, against a wall. The guys directed me to a chair with the back to the wall and took the seat each side. James, David and Eric took the other seats at the table. Only six of us on this table.
I looked at James and motioned to see if he was expecting to sit next to me. He put his hand up and indicated it was ok. I suspected everyone would shuffle seats during the night.
A waiter came around pouring wines for everyone. I was sticking with the white wine but asked for a water as well. I was going to make sure I remained clear headed for the night. Paul asked for a beer. Alan was happy with the wine.
I was watching everyone coming in. I'd guess only about 25% females. A few looked like wives / girlfriends / partners. Probably come for a holiday while their partner was at the conference.
While I was watching Paul leant over and said "I'd say you're the best looking girl here tonight. Wouldn't you agree Alan?"
Alan nodded in response. "Yep. Definitely the belle of the ball."
"Well there's not a large pool of talent here." I said. "The usual male dominated conference I see."
Both Paul and Alan shrugged their shoulders.
"Don't worry." I continued. "I'm used to conferences and being out numbered."
That resulted in a couple of chuckles.
"Love the belly button piercing." Alan remarked.
"Thanks." I replied. "I had the piercing done a while ago but the chains are new."
"Anything else pierced?" asked Paul
"Just ears." I replied
"Planning on having any more?" asked Alan
"Hmmm ... not sure. I've thought about nipples a few times. Not sure about anything else. I have a couple of friends with clit piercings who keep saying I should get one."
"Why's that?" asked both of them, almost at the same time.
I laughed. "They say it keeps them aroused all the time."
Both Paul and Alan smiled.
Alan looked at Paul and said "Maybe we should check out what would get pierced?"
With that he brought his hand up and moved the top of my dress to expose one of my breasts. Paul saw him and followed a few seconds later with the other side.
I describe my nipples as "pert". The aureoles aren't big. The nipples themselves are quite prominent, particularly when they receive some attention. I've had more than a few guys say they're very bite size.
In their usual manner they quickly went quite hard once exposed. Alan started to roll one nipple between this thumb and forefinger. Paul soon followed.
"Very nice." Said Alan. Paul nodded in agreement. I'm not sure if the others at the table noticed as they were busy talking.
"OK. Time to put them away before anyone notices." I said, re-adjusting my top.
Just then someone got up to the microphone and started "Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to the conference diner ..."
It was the introduction speech. Everyone went quiet and was looking at the lectern and listening. Though after a few seconds I noticed a hand on each leg. Paul and Alan had both put a hand on my thighs and were rubbing them.
Paul had access to a bare leg as the split was on his side. Alan had to deal with the fabric. Both hands moved up and down my thighs. They seemed to get a bit higher with each movement.
I was obviously getting a bit distracted when I noticed the speaker was winding up with a "Thank you everyone. I hope you enjoy the dinner." A round of applause and the two guys had to remove their hands.
The waiters appeared with the entrée. One waiter was placing the napkin on everyone's lap then taking a plate from a second waiter holding a tray. I grabbed my napkin and put it on my lap before the waiter had the opportunity to.
Entrée was a mix of seafood. Oysters, Scallops and Prawns with a couple of sauces. It was lovely and everyone seemed to enjoy it.
Alan looked across and remarked "You know they say oysters are an aphrodisiac."
Paul had heard as well and replied "Maybe we can test that out later?"
Both of them looked at me and smiled.
"Well we might have to see about that." I said with a smile.
It didn't take too long for most people to finish the entrée and the conversations began again. Paul and Alan both lent forward and turned towards me. Alan pulled the dress to one side so both my legs were exposed through the slit not just one.
The conversation was only small talk but I was having a bit of trouble concentrating with a hand on the inside of both thighs pulling my legs apart and working their way up to my pussy. I suspect Paul and Alan had guessed or worked out that I didn't have any underwear on.
It wasn't long before both of them were fingering my clit and pussy. One would slide a finger or two into me while the other would work on my clit. After a while they would swap over. My breathing was getting heavier and heavier as they worked on me.
I looked around every now and then to see if anyone had noticed. James saw me looking and smiled but I don't think anyone else saw. Paul and Alan had their other hands on the back of my chair rubbing my back while they fingered me. They were pushing their fingers deep inside my pussy.
At one stage they were both fingering me together, two fingers each and pulling my pussy lips apart. They were obviously enjoying how wet I was. I'll admit I was enjoying it as well but a bit difficult to keep a straight face and keep quiet.
The attention to my pussy was obviously getting me aroused. I was soon heading to an orgasm with the attention of two hands on me. I started rocking my hips on their fingers. My breathing was getting faster. Paul and Alan worked my pussy even more. I was reaching my climax when they both pushed their fingers inside me, pushing me over the edge. I couldn't scream but must have held my breath for almost a minute as my body shuddered as I came. Eventually I started to relax and breathe again. I had closed my eyes and when I opened them Paul and Alan were both smiling at me and each other. They gave a "high five" behind my back.
I don't know how many people saw or realised what was going on. When I looked around James smiled at me. He got up and came round to Paul's side.
"Excuse me Paul I need a word with Robin if you don't mind?" James said to Paul.
"Not at all." Said Paul getting up.
James sat down and leant into me.
"Enjoying yourself?" He asked with a smile.
"Ummmm yes. Paul and Alan have been very attentive." I replied still trying to calm down.
"Good." Said James. "It might be an idea if you go to the restroom now if you need to. I don't think there will be an opportunity later."
"Ohhh ok." I replied. I hadn't thought about that but I could see James's point.
"Be back in a minute then." I said to James starting to get up.
"Excuse me." I said to Alan as I got out of my chair.
I grabbed my clutch and heading to the ladies. I could feel eyes follow me as I left the room.
There were a couple of others in the restroom when I got there. I entered a cubicle and did what I needed to. The split and lack of underwear made it a simple process. When I had finished the two girls had left but one other had come in. A brunette in her early 40s I suspect, but still very good looking. She had been in one of the groups we'd met at drinks. James had introduced us.
I walked over to the mirror and hand basins to wash my hands and check my makeup.
"Hi." She said. "Robin isn't it? You're James's assistant."
"Yes that's right." I replied.
"Stacey." She said holding out her hand. I took her hand in mine and gave a quick handshake.
"I didn't get a chance to say before that I love your dress." She continued.
"Thanks." I replied. "James organised it for me."
"Well it certainly shows off your figure well." She said. She looked me up and down while walking behind me. She stopped and put both her hands on my hips, just above my dress. I was a bit startled but didn't say anything. She then moved her hands up and slipped them under my dress towards my breasts. I was a bit shocked and stood still, but didn't stop her.
She cupped by breasts in both hands and started to rub my nipples between her fingers and thumbs. They quickly rose with the attention. I subconsciously leant back against her chest. She started to rub my nipples harder. I could feel my breathing getting deeper.
I felt some lips on my neck as she leant forward and started to kiss my neck. I started to turn towards her and we were soon kissing. One of her hands was still on one of my breasts but the other had found its way to my, now wet, pussy and was giving it a nice rub.
After a minute or so Stacey broke the kiss.
"James asked me a favour a bit earlier." She said. She reached into her bag and pulled out a butt plug about 6 inches long.
"We probably should get this a bit wet before it goes in." Stacey said holding the plug up to my face.
I took the plug in my mouth, licked it and spread a good deal of saliva on it. Stacey then took it and rubbed around my pussy before inserting it in my pussy a few times. She then moved forward and kissed me again while her hand moved under my dress and round to my butt.
I soon felt the tip of plug pushing on my arse as we kissed. Stacey pushed and it started to enter me slowly. I could feel the tapered plug stretch me until the widest point was in. Then the sphincter of my arse pulled the rest in and closed tightly around it. The base of the plug pulled tight between my arse checks.
Stacey broke the kiss again.
"Hmmm a nice fit I see." She commented.
"Thanks." I replied.
"I better let you get back." Stacey said. "The guys might be wondering what's happened to you. Though I will be seeing more of you on Friday." She smiled and left the restroom.
I quickly adjusted my dress and myself and headed back to the table. I tried to walk as normally as possible with the plug moving in my arse. James stood up as I approached so I could slide into my seat. He smiled as he helped me.
"Thanks." I said.
"You're welcome. All refreshed I hope?" He replied.
"Yes fine." I was wondering if I looked a bit flushed after the encounter with Stacey.
"I gather you met Stacey? I hope she gave you the present I organised."
I nodded in response.
"I forgot to mention there's one more adjustment I had them make to your dress which I don't think you've discovered yet." James continued.
"Oh?" I looked at him and he smiled in return.
James reached down to the split on my dress. He spread the material a bit and I noticed a zip had been added. James started to undo the zip. It went up and up and up until there was just a thin strip of material remaining. It was way, way, way up above my waist.
I was a bit shocked and was wondering what was going to happen now.
James was smiling at me. "Lift yourself up a little so I can adjust your dress a bit."
I lifted my arse off the seat. James and Alan, who was still sitting on the other side, pulled the dress across the seat so it all fell to the side of the chair away from the split. I was now effectively naked from above the waist down in a room with a few hundred people in it. I looked around to see if anyone had noticed but if appeared the table and table cloth was hiding everything. To say I was relieved would be putting it mildly.
"Excuse me." Said James getting up. "I think Eric and David would appreciate your company for a while." With that James and Alan got up and Eric and David took their seats. I exchanged smiles as they sat down.
"Can't let the young ones monopolise your company can we?" Said Eric.
"No of course not." I replied, feeling a hand on each of my thighs.
Eric and David's hands started massaging my thighs and pulling my legs apart. They were soon fingering and playing with my pussy. I was squirming on the chair and trying to keep quiet. The combination of their efforts, the plug in my arse and still being aroused from the encounter with Stacey meant that within a couple of minutes another orgasm swept over me.
The orgasm was still subsiding when I felt something solid at the entrance to my pussy. My eyes were closed and when I opened them I could see Eric had produced a vibrator from somewhere and was starting to push it into me. Eric and David pulled my legs apart and it didn't take much effort for the vibrator to slip inside. I had to rock my hips a little to get a nice angle for it.
When Eric had it inside me I noticed it was the type with the "bunny ears" designed to sit on your clit. He positioned it so it was pushing on exactly the right spot.
No sooner had they finished filling me with the vibrator the waiters and waitresses started bringing out the main course. I put my legs together as much as I could and made sure my napkin was on my laps. I move my chair under the table as much as I could. I don't think anyone could see. If they did the ones who served us didn't show anything.
The meal was roast beef with gravy and vegetables. It looked very nice. I had taken a couple of mouthfuls of my meal when the vibrator started buzzing. I jumped a bit in surprise. Eric held up a remote control and smiled as he turned it up and the vibrator buzzed harder inside me. I was having difficulty keeping a straight face with the vibrator buzzing in my pussy and the rabbit ears working on my clit. After a little while Eric turned it off.
Then I felt the butt plug start to buzz in my arse. David was holding up a second remote control and turning it up. I clenched my arse cheeks and tried not to squirm too much. All the guys at the table were looking at me smiling. It looked like the rest of the evening was going to be interesting.
I was worried people would hear the buzzing sound of the vibrator and plug but there was quite a bit of noise with everyone eating so I don't think anyone noticed. They guys were having fun passing the remote around and seeing my response as they turned them up and down. Not only did the vibrator have the rabbit ears another button made the vibrator turn inside my pussy, moving the tip around. It was filled with balls which pushed against the walls of my pussy.
The two machines working on me had me constantly squirming in my seat and almost panting. The guys kept turning them up and down so I was constantly on edge, but when I got close to cumming again they'd turn them down for a while.
After the main course was cleared away the after dinner speeches started. The first one was short and an introduction for the main speaker. It soon became clear that whenever there was laughter or applause the vibrator and butt plug were going to be turned up. Given that these were short periods it kept me on edge but not to the point of cumming. The guys were enjoying my discomfort. I was told the speaker was quite entertaining, but I was rather distracted.
After the speakers the staff brought out dessert, coffee and some after dinner drinks. There was quite a bit of noise with everyone talking. Quite a few people got up and moved around to talk to others. James got up and headed off. The other four stayed at the table.
"How are you feeling?" asked Eric.
"O ... KKKK" I managed to sort of squeak as he turned the vibrator up.
Eric took my napkin away and he and David pulled my legs apart. They had a good view of the vibrator in my pussy with it twitching as the vibrator worked on me. My breathing was getting faster and faster as it worked its magic on me.
David turns up the butt plug which pushes me over the edge. I finally manage to cum after being on the edge for over an hour. They both smile and taking pity on me turn both remotes down.
David passes me a small glass of port.
"Bet you enjoyed that?" He asked.
"Yes." I managed to respond.
"We're all looking forward to a bit more action in that pussy a bit later." He continued.
"I gathered that." I responded as my orgasm subsided. I managed to sip the port, which tasted wonderful. I looked down and realised that my nipples were as hard as rocks and were very noticeable through the top of my gown.
I looked up and noticed Eric and David were standing up. Stacey and another lady were taking their place. I started to move my legs together and cover myself but Stacey stopped me. She and the other lady pulled my thighs apart again.
"Hi again Robin." Said Stacey. "Hope you're enjoying the dinner."
"Yes thank you." I replied
"Looks like you certainly are." Said Stacey looking down at my pussy.
"Robin I'd like to introduce you to Claire." Said Stacey looking at the other lady.
Claire extended her hand. "Please to meet you."
"Likewise." I said shaking her hand.
"Robin is James's assistant. I spoke to you about her." Stacey explained to Claire.
"I've just had a word with James and he's sure Robin can help up girls with our dinner on Thursday." Stacey looked at me and smiled while she said this.
"Yes. I bet Robin will be a great help." Agreed Claire.
Stacey reached up and pulled part of my top to one side, exposing my breast so Claire could see it. She then tweaked and pulled my nipple.
"Oh yes." Replied Claire, repeating the process with my other breast and nipple.
I winched a bit as they both tugged on my nipples. Pulling them and then rolling them between their fingers. Claire reached down with her other hand and started to move the vibrator in and out of my pussy.
"I'm sure the girls will appreciate your company very much Robin." Said Claire smiling.
"Thank you for inviting me." I managed to say.
"James told me Robin is very good at entertaining." Said Stacey. "That will suit us perfectly."
"It certainly will." Added Claire.
The two ladies continued to play with me for a few minutes while engaging in small talk, for a while. Claire had pulled the vibrator out of my pussy so she could finger me. She had two fingers inside me while Stacey flicked my clit back and forth. I was soon rocking my hips with their attention. They were both smiling and the talk had dried up as they brought me to another climax.
"Perfect." They both said, almost in unison.
I noticed that the crowd was beginning to thin out. James had been off talking to a few other people but had just walked back to us.
"Excuse me ladies." He said leaning towards us. "I'm going to have to deprive you of Robin's company. David has invited us to his suite for a nightcap. Though you will of course have more of her lovely company in the future."
"Not a problem." Said Stacey.
She reached up with her hand and turned my face towards her. She gave me a deep kiss.
"See you Thursday Robin." She said after we'd broken the kiss.
Claire then reached around with her hand, pulled me towards her and gave me a second deep kiss.
"Looking forward to it." She said smiling.
"Likewise." I responded.
"I'll give James the details to pass onto you." Stacey continued as she stood up.
I nodded and smiled.
James extended his hand, helped me to stand and led me towards the door. The four guys were waiting for us near the door.
As we entered the lift I wondered what the rest of the evening would bring.