We had been texting for a few days now, and we were finally making plans to meet.
"So, what are you thinking?"
"A bar sounds good!" He just turned 21 a few months ago, so he's still really excited about being able to go out.
"Alright... I'm new in town so let me look this up."
"Looks like there's a gay bar about halfway between us. 'The Alley'."
"I'll look it up."
"It looks a little.. skeevy... You sure?"
"They have killer drink deals 10-12 tonight. We can check it out, then go somewhere else if we don't like it :)"
"Sounds good! See you at 10!"
I show up at the bar I suggested a little after 10. I'm wearing a red t-shirt and jeans. This place didn't look at all formal, so I didn't want to overdo it. He's already sitting at the bar in a plain white t-shirt and tight blue jeans.
He stands up when he sees me. "Jack! It's great to see you finally."
I pull him into a big bear hug. "It's great to see you too, Carter." I inhale deeply. "You smell nice." I give him a big squeeze, then release him.
We're both about 5'10". I have a larger upper body, but he has really strong glutes and quads. He fills his jeans out really well.
"I got this round." I sit down and wave for the bartender, then order two shots and two mixed drinks. He raises his shot glass as I raise mine. "To our health." We throw them back and he pulls a face. "Fuck. This doesn't get easier." I laugh and we start catching up.
We had been texting for a few days, but it's really different seeing someone in person. Their smile, their smell, the way they hold your hand and look up at you with a glint in their eye, you don't know any of these things until you're sitting together, side by side, a night full of possibilities ahead of you. He is embarrassed easily and avoids eye contact periodically, but I can't help but feel giddy whenever he looks at me.
I look around the room for the first time that night. There are a lot of people in here, given how small the place is, but it's dark enough, it's hard to make out any faces. They all look pretty tough, wearing dark colors so they blend into the room. There are some guys around our age, but most of them are mid-thirties and older. In the far back of the room, I see a cage on a table. I spend a moment wondering why that's there. A burly man at the end of the bar locks eyes with me a few times, but I don't think much of it. Carter and I both look pretty out of place, but it's easy to forget about that whenever I look back at him and he laughs at another one of my terrible jokes.
We don't hold back as we order more drinks throughout the night. We laugh without knowing what we're laughing at. Carter's leg is resting on top of mine, and I have my hand on his inner thigh. We manage to calm down a bit and we sit there for a moment, looking into each other's eyes. I decide to break the silence.
"So... do you have any kinks?" It seems like he's not as experienced, but tonight is going really well, so I want to know what he likes, if it comes to that.
"I don't know. I mean..." He trails off.
I can't help but laugh at how shy he still is. "Come on, you can tell me." I squeeze his thigh a little tighter.
He sits there for a moment and looks in my eyes very earnestly.
"I-" He jumps as he's interrupted by a hard slap on the back.
"You boys are new here, right?" I didn't notice the man at the end of the bar walk over to us. He's about 6'3", stocky build. He is wearing jeans, a black t-shirt, and a black, leather vest. He looks vaguely threatening towering over us, but he looks at us both with a kind, disarming gaze.
We both look up at him, not sure what to say. I manage to smile at him and say, "What gave it away?"
He chuckles and continues. "We have a bit of a tradition for welcoming in young guys like yourselves."
This sounds somewhat ominous but I'm intrigued. "What does this tradition consist of?" I try to sound as skeptical as I can.
Carter doesn't know what to say. He is just looking back and forth between us with a worried expression on his face.
"Nothing major. We tie your wrists up and walk you around the bar. People clap and they give you a warm welcome. It's all in good fun."
That doesn't sound too bad. I'm pretty into bondage anyway. I look over at Carter, and he is starting to blush. "Are you ok?"
He takes a second to think. "..I mean, everyone goes through this, right?"
"Well, not quite everyone. You'll see," The man interjects.
I turn to Carter again. "What do you think?"
The man senses Carter's hesitation and cuts in again. "How about this: we'll get you both some shots while you think it over. Help you relax a bit. What do you say?"
Carter laughs and shrugs. The man nods at the bartender who pulls out three shot glasses and fills them with vodka. The man picks up one and raises it as we do the same.
"Nostarovia." He says. We both look at him quizzically. "It's Russian. It means 'To your health.'" Carter and I both try to repeat what he said. I'm sure we butchered the pronunciation, but the man doesn't seem to mind. We all take the shots, and the man gestures at the bartender for another round.
"My name's Rick."
"Jack."
"..Carter."
"A pleasure to meet you." He nods at the glasses, and we both pick ours up.
Carter and I look each other in they eye and try our best to sound it out. "Na..tro..va." We look up at him to see how close we were. He smiles and shrugs.
We throw them back and Rick looks at me in the eyes, then Carter. "So, what brings you here tonight?"
Carter and I flash a smile at each other. "It's sort of a first date," he answers.
Rick gives us a sympathetic smile and rephrases, "You make a cute couple, but what brings you to this bar?"
"Oh, uh. I guess it was his idea." Carter points at me. I really don't know what to say.
"Mostly the drink deals." I say dismissively.
Rick chuckles. "It looks like you were making good use of them." Carter and I turn to each other. I doing think either of us remember how many drinks we had. "That's definitely a selling point. Most nights aren't quite this busy." He's surprisingly charming, despite his appearance.
"This place sure is packed." Carter chimes in.
Rick smiles and puffs out his chest a little bit. "We work hard to keep it that way. But what do you think of the place?"
I turn to Carter. He is squinting his eyes trying to say something nice. "It's not what I'm used to." He says diplomatically, "but it looks like everyone is having a good time, and I think this is a nice change of pace." Spoken like a true politician. He leans in a bit. "It is really dark in here. Is there other stuff that goes on here?"
Rick looks a little uncomfortable but laughs it off. "I'm not sure what you're suggesting, but if you want to know more, you should stick around, and see for yourself." He finishes with a kind smile.
"So." He says as he claps his hands. He looks at me, then pointedly at Carter. "What do you say? Can we give you the warm welcome you deserve?"
Carter looks up at Rick, trembling slightly. "Do you promise nothing bad is going to happen?"
Rick pauses for a moment, taking this moment in. He crouches slightly so he's eye level with Carter. He puts his hand on Carter's back, and he looks at him with a sympathetic, earnest expression. "I promise. I will take really good care of you." His posture, his hands, his eyes, they all project a warmth and comfort that's almost fatherly.
I am really taken aback with how quickly Rick's demeanor seemed to change, but Carter is deeply affected by it. He looks back at Rick, a little choked up. He starts nodding. "Let's do it." Rick looks at him with kind and deeply proud expression. He pulls Carter's head forward and kisses him on the forehead. He then turns to me.
"And you?" He asks me.
"Yeah, let's do it!"
Rick grabs my head and plants a big kiss on my cheek. "Mwah! Let's get to it then!" He takes both of us by the arms and pulls us to our feet. He guides us to the back of the bar. As we're walking, some of the guys in the bar whisper to their friends and not so subtly point at us. I guess this is kind of a big event in the bar. Rick leads us to a mean looking man in a leather, studded jacket. He has a lot of rope beside him. He looks up at the bar with a bored expression, practicing some complex knot without looking at his hands.
"Alexi, we have our guests of honor. Show these boys a good time." Alexi nods silently as Rick turns us so our backs are to him. Alexi holds both my wrists and starts tying them together. He has a firm, gentle touch. It's clear he knows what he's doing. He then ties Carter's hands with the same rope, leaving about a foot of give between us.
As he finishes, Rick smiles and walks us forward toward the rest of the bar as he stands behind us. "Ladies and Gentlemen." He pauses, giving everyone time to move towards the walls and clear a path. "Allow me to present the belles of the ball, Jack and Carter." He gives a slight bow as he sends us off. The rest of the bar is facing us now, and they all applaud. We hear some wolf whistles among the noise. I turn to Carter, and he's still blushing.
We sheepishly walk to the front of the bar. A few people slap our asses as we walk. When we reach the end of the bar, we turn around, I give Carter a look, and I curtsy. Carter smiles and bows for the crowd. They all start laughing and clap a little louder. We walk to the back of the bar with more confidence now, but the walk back seems different. The crowd is inching closer to us. A man reaches out and feels Carter's biceps. Another man pinches my nipple as we pass. It doesn't faze us, though, and I can see Carter is laughing and having a good time.
We see Rick is clapping for us as we reach the back of the bar. "Well done both of you!" he says. Two men step up and start untying our shoes.
"Whoa, what's up," I protest.
"Don't worry. It's just part of the game." Rick reassures us. It somehow does not make me feel any better. Carter looks worried, maybe doubting his decision.
Nevertheless, we oblige, and we step out of our shoes and socks as the men lift up our feet one by one. Rick sees that we're nervous. He steps up and puts a hand on each of our shoulders and leans in close.
"Relax, this is all in good fun. This will be over before you know it, and then you'll be a part of the family. We'll laugh about this later. Yes?" We both nod, blindly believing him. "Good boys."
Rick turns us so we're chest to chest and looks over at Alexi. He nods and begins tying our chests together. We're close enough, my head has to stay beside Carter's, so we can't see each other's faces. I smile at how ridiculous this is. Carter giggles. "What?" I ask.
"I can feel you getting hard."
Now I start blushing. "I guess there's no hiding it now."
"I don't mind it." We are cheek to cheek, so I can feel him start to smile. "You smell nice."
When Alexi finishes, Rick takes us by the shoulders and slowly guides us to the middle of the room. We have to waddle all the way as our dicks rub against each other. This whole thing is ridiculous. When we reach the center of the room, Carter giggles again.
I smile and ask "What is it this time?"
"I feel pretty," he says, beaming.
"You're beautiful." I whisper in his ear, then bite it gently. Carter is startled at first.
He laughs with a huge smile on his face. "You're fucking corny."
"If I can have your attention," Rick bellows, but it's completely unnecessary. The whole bar is already staring right at us. "Let's give these boys a warm welcome!"
With that, the crowd starts closing in around us, and they all start feeling us up.
"Whoa," Carter says, surprised, but still feeling pretty.
"This took a turn." I say, getting more and more worried. I try to stay calm for Carter's sake.
One man is pinching and twisting my nipple. Two other men are grabbing onto my thighs. Another man is feeling up my ass. One more man steps up, grabs my junk, and holds on tight. Carter is getting just as much attention if not more. I lose track of how many hands are on me, and I just wonder how we ended up like this.
"Jack. Jack, I don't like this, Jack I-" Carter is cut off abruptly and his voice is muffled now.
"Carter, it's going to be okay. You're going to be --" A man wraps duct tape over my mouth and around the back of my head. I try to shout, but I can't be heard over the sounds of the bar.
I feel two hands reach around me and start unfastening my belt. In one swift motion, my pants are pulled to my ankles, exposing me in my orange jockstrap. Carter's pants are yanked down. His legs uncontrollably shake for just a moment, and he is left standing there in tight, red briefs. A man pulls up my feet one at a time and slides my jeans off. I see someone unceremoniously toss the pants aside.
There are too many people to fit around us, so the men shove their way to the front. It's damn near primal the way they push each other to get to us, grab us, push us around, and take anything they can get. I try to lean my head against Carter's, hoping there is something I can do to comfort him, but someone is always grabbing my hair and yanking it back. This goes on for several minutes. Finally, two men grab us a forcefully push us to the back of the bar where Alexi is waiting.
Alexi begins untying the ropes around our chest as the men around us hold us firmly in place. I sense a man is behind me, and I feel so exposed in my jockstrap. He spreads my cheeks apart. I try to push him away, but his hands are strong and he is completely unfazed. He pulls one hand away, and then I feel him rub some spit around my hole with his fingers. I shiver as he rubs the spit in, and I gasp as he forces his finger inside. His finger is knuckle-deep as he slowly explores inside me. He finds that most sensitive spot and presses on it. My knees go weak.
I see a flash of light, reflecting off a large pair of metallic scissors. As soon as Alexi unties the rope around our chests, this man wastes no time cutting off Carter's t-shirt and then mine. Alexi pulls us apart. The man behind me is shoved aside. I yelp as he yanks his finger out. Alexi walks behind and begins untying Carter's wrists. Carter and I lock eyes for a moment. His eyes are wide and his breathing is shallow. I stare back at him, completely at a loss. Alexi finishes untying Carter's wrists, but as soon as he does, two men on either side of him grab his arms and hold him in place. From Carter's expression, it's clear he can't move anywhere. Alexi walks over to untie my wrists.
Snip. Carter's briefs fall to the floor. He bends and tries to cover himself, but the men hold onto his arms tighter. He tries to bend over as he whimpers and his breath accelerates. His cock springs out. His face is beet red as he looks down at himself, almost hanging from the men holding him. There are a few cheers from the crowd, and a man immediately steps up behind Carter. He sucks on the tip of his middle finger, and presses it against Carter's hole. Carter shouts and his legs shake uncontrollably. The man pulls his hand back, spits on his finger, and brings his hand back to Carter's hole. He presses harder this time as a few men behind lean in expectantly. His whole body resists as his face contorts in pain.
Carter wails into the duct tape as the man behind him slides his finger all the way inside. His legs give way and the men by his side have to lift him up again. His expression turns to bitterness and disgust as tears start to roll down his cheeks. The man behind him wraps his free arm around Carter's chest and pulls him in close, breathing down his neck. He holds Carter tight as he starts to thrust his finger into him, again, and again. Carter's expression changes. The man speaks into Carter's ear, "How does it feel to have my fat fucking finger inside your tight little hole?" Carter is silent, but his body speaks for him. His face softens as his skin flushes. His anger turns into shame. He looks down at his body to see, despite everything, his cock is rock hard.
Alexi finishes untying the rope holding my hands behind my back. He pulls my hands forward in front of my body and begins tying them there. Carter looks resigned as the men crowd around him. One man grabs a hold of his dick. "Wow, we've got an eager little fucker, don't we?" The crowd laughs as Carter sinks deeper into himself, trying to stifle his tears. Alexi smacks the men away as he turns to tie Carter's wrists in front of him. The man behind Carter slides his finger out of his ass, and Carter winces. They turn their attention towards me, as they step up to grab any part of my body they can.
Out of the corner of my eye, I see someone open up the cage on top of the table beside us. It is a not a large cage, maybe two and a half feet tall, about five feet wide. The bars are wide apart, so anyone could reach into it, but there's no way someone could escape from inside there.
Alexi finishes tying Carter's wrists. A burly man picks him up effortlessly, and gently places him in the cage on his back. Two men on the other side of the cage reach in and pull him to the far side, making space for me, I suppose. That same burly man picks me up and places me in the cage on my back. He then grabs both of us by the wrists and pulls them over our heads, to the back of the cage. Alexi secures them in place. The two of them then move on to our ankles, and we see Rick emerge from the crowd.
I am furious as my eyes meet his. I thrash about and try to do anything to get free, but everything is held in place and I accomplish nothing.
"That is admirable, but there is no point anymore." He nods towards the entrance. "There was a time when you could have walked straight out that door, but that time has passed. The cage is shut." He reaches inside the cage and places his hand on my head, gently stroking my forehead with his thumb. "All you have left to do is wait and let each of us show you just how much we love you." He looks me in the eyes, calmly and earnestly. That look alone makes me feel a little safer. I feel my body start to relax under his gentle, unrelenting hand as he strokes my forehead. I know he's fucking with my head. I know it, but it is nearly impossible to separate his insane fucking ideologies from the warmth and the comfort he lends to me. All I can manage is to look back up at him, bewildered.
He turns his attention to Carter, who is staring daggers at him with tears streaming down his face. Rick immediately walks around to the other side of the cage to comfort him. "Shh sh shhh. Don't cry." He reaches in and wipes tears from Carter's cheek. Carter's breath immediately gets faster and heavier, but he does not pull away from his hand, and he does not look away from Rick's loving gaze. Rick stands there for a moment, his hand on Carter's cheek, as he waits for Carter's breathing to slow down. He speaks slowly. "I know you're scared. I do. I promised you I would take care of you, and I will." He is silent for another while as Carter just stares at him, furious, but now confused. He does not stop crying. Rick brushes the hair away from Carter's face. "I will be so good to you." He continues, "but I need something from you first." Rick pauses again. Carter is whimpering.
Each pause is long enough to let the words sink in, but none of them make sense. Carter is trying to make sense of them, and all the while, he feels Rick's hand pressed against his cheek. Rick's whole body seems to be exuding a sense of peace, and he is placing it all onto Carter as he wipes away his tears. Carter's expression softens as he feels his body and his mind at war with each other. He is lost in a state of limbo, and Rick steps in right in time. "I need you to be good for me." Carter looks up at him with lost, pleading eyes. "I need you to stay here and be good for me." Rick takes a slow breath, then continues. "It is going to hurt." Carter immediately starts whimpering. His breathing speeds up and tears start to roll down his face again. "But I need you to know, you're going to be o -- look at me." Carter immediately faces Rick again, and Rick takes a pause before speaking again. "You are going to be okay. Do you hear me?" Carter nods, all sense of reason is long gone. "You are going to be okay." Rick lets that sink in again as Carter starts to believe it. "Will you do that then? Will you be good for me?" Carter continues to cry, but he closes his eyes and nods. Rick holds Carter's head in his hand. When Carter opens his eyes again, Rick is looking down at him, beaming. He leans in and whispers, "Good boy."
It is terrifying to see this man work, to see the effect he has on Carter. I felt my brain melt in his hand for just a moment, but it looks like Carter is entirely gone. He would follow that man to the ends of the earth if he was asked. Carter and I are now completely tied up. Our wrists are tied to the back of the cage. Our ankles are spread wide over our heads. Our asses are almost pressed against the front of the cage.
Rick stand up and addresses the crowd. They all stare at him, waiting. "You know the rules." He scans the room and looks at each of the men standing before us. He gives a slight nod, and the men come swarming.
There are so many of them, and they push and shove to reach their hands into the cage. Hands rub all over my chest. Someone yanks on my hair. My nipples are pinched mercilessly. My thighs are pulled against the edge of the cage as someone drips cold lube all over my ass. I look over at Carter, and see someone pull out two nipple clamps with a small chain between them. They clamp them onto him without warning. He shouts into his gag as he arches his back. I hate seeing him like this. I wish there was something, anything, I could do.
I am yanked back to the moment as two fingers force their way inside me. I shout into the gag and close my eyes tight. I wonder how long they will keep us here. Another hand grabs on, too tight, to my balls as the fingers start to fuck me. I turn and see Carter is shaking his head back and forth, tears streaming down his face. I see a man in front of him drip lube on his finger, then press straight into his ass. I hear Carter's muffled shout. He arches his back and looks straight up. The hands reach in and grab his biceps, grab his pecs, grab his thighs, pull him every which way. All he can do is look straight up and wait.
A few moments pass and he relaxes somewhat. He is still rock hard. He looks down at himself, and his face is full of fear and shame.
Every hand that is not in the cage is stroking its own cock. One by one, they cum all over us, covering our chests, our faces, our legs, our asses. Whenever one man finishes, another man instantly takes his place next to the cage. We are covered in cum, and it slowly starts to dry until the next load lands on us. The layers stack up and stick to us like glue. Slowly, the men start to thin out. They cum all over us, and they return to the bar to joke and laugh like nothing happened. The last man cums across both our faces and zips up. He walks over to Carter's side and pulls the nipple clamps off of him. Carter shouts into the gag and pulls away. The man then walks on back to the bar.
I look over at Carter. He looks completely defeated. I don't see that glint in his eye. I barely see the person I met just a few hours ago. I did this to him. I chose this fucking bar, and I didn't leave when I saw the fucking signs staring me in the face. He trusted me and now he's been broken. This is stuff that I could take, but he couldn't. He wasn't ready for any of this.
I keep spinning in my head for several minutes, and I only stop when he looks over at me. He's not broken. He is still there, clear as day. His hair has been yanked every which way. His mouth is covered in duct tape. His eyes are red and puffy from at least an hour of crying. There is still cum drying on his forehead. He is still there. We lay there for a minute and just look at each other, reeling from the events we just endured, and marveling at the peace we now enjoy.
"I hope they weren't too rough with you." We are both startled as Rick steps up towards us. "We do have rules in place, but the men here tend to be ... spirited." That's a fucking understatement. Carter and I both squirm, hoping he is just here to let us out, but neither of us really believes that. "I was the one that started this tradition a few years back, so I was the one that set the rules." He walks around the cage. "We don't allow any toys meant to inflict pain, well. Oscar made a compelling case for the nipple clamps. We don't allow them to touch your dicks. We don't want you to cum just yet. And.." He turns and faces us as he reaches the front of the cage. "We don't allow fucking." He pauses for a moment and turns to me. "You did wonder why no one fucked you, right?" My heart begins to race. It did occur to me in passing, but there really wasn't time to think of anything.
He takes a step towards Carter, who immediately starts whimpering again. "That was my decision. I started this tradition, so it seems right that I should be the one to see it through." He places a hand on Carter's thigh, and he leaps at the touch. Rick talks directly to Carter. "Your friend is different from you. When I first talked to you both, he would have stripped on the spot and barked like a dog if I asked nicely enough." Jesus Christ, this man is insane.
"But you," He lifts up Carter's hips and admires his hole. Carter is pleading into the duct tape. "You are a prize worth winning. I told you I would take good care of you, and I will. I will make you feel good, better than you ever thought you could feel." He unfastens his belt. Carter is crying and pleading, but it all falls on deaf ears. Rick pulls his cock out. It must be at least 8 inches and thick. He then drips some lube into his hand. "And you are going to let me. You are going to beg for me." He liberally applies lube to Carter's hole, then rubs it on his own cock. "As you get fucked," he lines up his bare dick to Carter's hole. "For the very... first... time."
Carter wails into the duct tape as Rick pushes himself all the way inside. Tears stream down his face. "You thought I didn't know." Rick starts thrusting. "You thought you could hide that from me." He starts thrusting harder. "But you cant. hide anything. from ME." He pulls Carter's thighs to the edge of the cage as he pushes himself deep inside. Carter wails. His whole body trying to fight back, but he can hardly move. He just convulses and spasms all the while.
Rick looks down at him before continuing more slowly. His voice is quieter. "I know you, Carter. Better than you know yourself. I can show you things you never knew about yourself. I can show you who you are." He digs his fingers into Carter's thighs with that last word. He continues thrusting while Carter's crying slows down. "You don't want romance. You don't want comfort. You don't want safety." He lifts up Carter's hips and aims his strokes upwards to make sure he hits Carter's prostate with every thrust. Carter moans loudly. His toes curl as he throws his head back. "You want this. You want to be taken. You want to be abused. You want to submit to the wills of stronger men, men like me." Carter is still crying as his eyes roll back in ecstasy. "Look at me." Carter looks up at him. They lock eyes for a moment, but Carter quickly turns away. "Keep. Looking at me." Carter looks back at him, whimpering. It looks like it physically pains him to keep his eyes locked to Rick's, to face the shame he has been afraid of his whole life. "Good boy."
Carter cannot reconcile a lifetime of fear and shame with the intense pleasure that is forced upon him. There is a war going on behind his eyes, and Rick never looks away.
Rick lifts Carter's hips up higher as Carter starts to writhe beneath him, still terrified of looking away. A few moments pass. Carter starts breathing more rhythmically. His toes curl, his back arches. He is close. His balls start to rise, but Rick gently pushes them back down and holds them there. Carter's body tenses and convulses as he groans in anger and frustration. Rick continues thrusting all the while. As Carter's disappointment fades, fear sets back in, and he continues to lock eyes with the man above him. "Your body belongs to me now. Never forget that." Carter nods, wide-eyed.
Rick starts thrusting faster. He digs his nails into Carter's thighs as he pulls him in closer. He closes his eyes for just a moment, then looks back at the terrified man beneath him. With a few more strokes, he explodes inside Carter whose legs are shaking uncontrollably. He stands there and breathes for a moment as Carter's legs relax. Rick slides his cock out, and he pulls out a black butt plug. He spreads some lube on it and forces it inside Carter, who jumps with surprise.
Rick turns to face the crowd. I only now notice how intently they have been watching this whole time. "You know the rules. Everyone wears condoms." He grabs Carter's thigh. "This boy is mine, but this one." He flicks my asshole, and I yelp and pull my ass in the air to try to get away. "He is fair game." Rick turns and walks away.
It takes a moment for his words to set in. Fair game. What does that mean? A man is already standing in front of me. He is 5'9", brown hair, slender build. He pulls out his dick. It's 5 inches. Maybe 5 and a half. It curves to the right. To the left. To my right, his left. His hands shake as he pulls the condom on. He is nervous. He is scared. If he was scared, why would he do this? He's not doing this. This isn't happening. This isn't happening. This isn't --
The man forces himself inside. I scream uselessly into the duct tape. Every stroke is shocking and painful. I remind myself to slow down my breathing. I count to three as I inhale, then I count to three as I exhale. It is almost impossible to hold my breath with him thrusting into me, but over time it gets easier. As my breathing slows, I start to relax. My walls expand, making room for him. I continue to breathe slowly, eyes closed, and wait for it to be over. The man does not last long. A couple minutes maybe. He pulls out and steps aside. Another man is already in his place. The man is 6'1", heavy set, late 40s, and he will soon be inside me. He fumbles with his belt buckle. He reaches into his pants and pulls out his dick. 4 and a half inches. Mostly straight. He puts on the condom, drips lube into his hand, makes a half hearted attempt at spreading it on his dick, and slides inside. He is smaller and straighter, so he is easier to manage. I close my eyes for the first 30 seconds, then open my eyes to see the old, heavy man thrusting inside, his forehead covered in sweat. He does not look me in the eyes. Looking straight down at my dick and my abdomen. He lasts a while longer. I lose track of time. Eventually his face contorts and his hips shake. He stays inside for a moment before he is shoved aside and his dick slides out.
The next man already has a condom on and thrusts straight into me. I shout. I didn't see his dick, but he's clearly bigger. 5'10", athletic build, late 20's or early 30's. He has a baseball hat on backwards, as he stares at my dick, then my chest, never my face. He presses against my prostate and I can feel I'm close. I cum hard, almost shooting myself in the face. I had been holding that in a long time. The man sees this and thrusts harder. For the moments afterwards, it gets more and more painful, and I am deeply relieved when he finishes and yanks himself out. The next man steps up, condom on. Rick holds a hand up and the man freezes. "He just came. Give him a breather." The man holds still, almost shaking. Then he turns and walks away. For a moment, I am grateful, but then I remember why we are here in the first place, and I remember what he just did to Carter, and again, I'm furious.
I take this moment to look around the room. There are about 30 men in the room, half with their dicks in their hands, all staring me down with intention. I lay my head back and close my eyes. I try to steel myself for what's ahead, but I know there is no way for me to prepare for this.
Rick steps up to Carter. He is hard again, he and stands over him, threateningly. He lubes up, and pulls out the plug. Carter gasps and is immediately filled again as Rick forces himself inside. Thankfully Carter looks more relaxed this time, and Rick looks less vindictive. He grunts, wordlessly, as he thrusts into Carter with growing intensity. This continues for a few minutes, the two of them locking eyes. Neither says a word.
"Boss?"
The man looks at Rick pleadingly, condom still on, dick in hand. Rick turns and sees the man. He turns to me and stares me down, fucking Carter all the while. After thinking for a moment, Rick's face turns into a sly smile. "Go ahead." He says, still staring me down.
I start to hyperventilate. I thought I would have more time. I close my eyes and try to breathe again. I don't see much of the man as I steel myself, so I don't see him push inside me. I gasp and lose my breath. It takes several minutes for me to control myself again. All the while, the man is tearing into me. Not enough lube. Too much pent up anger. I finally catch my breath and my hole relaxes. The man finishes and steps aside. Another man. 6'4". Built like a mountain, he is the first man to look me in the eye. He pulls his dick out and almost pushes in raw. I shout and pull away. He looks down. "Almost forgot." He says with a laugh. He pulls the condom on, rubs his dick with lube and forces straight in. Every man is a new challenge and he is no exception. All I can manage to think about is breathing. I can't think about the men inside me. I can't even think about Carter being fucked beside me. The next hour is a blur. I don't remember any of the men's faces. I have no idea how many men have fucked me, how many are left.
I am brought back to reality when one man actually knows what he's doing. He is pressing all the right points, and I feel myself writhe and moan beneath him. He takes this as a signal to keep up the pace, and within 30 seconds, I cum all over my chest, moaning. At the same time, he cums with a loud, decisive grunt. He steps aside and again, Rick holds his hand up. He looks the next man in the eye, and the man steps back. Rick is surprisingly attentive. I can't even remember how many times he has fucked Carter. I can only see Carter looking exhausted and frustrated. He clearly hasn't been allowed to cum yet.
Time passes. Rick nods at the next man who marches right towards me. My mind goes blank. I breathe and that is it. It isn't long, though, before there are no more men. I open my eyes, and they are milling about the bar again. I am left in the cage, next to Carter, but completely ignored. I think back on the whole night, and I try to come to peace with it, but it keeps coming back, and all I can think of are the hands grabbing every part of me, and I think of the 30 men who were just inside me. I wonder if I'll ever be the same.
A few minutes pass and Rick finally asks, "You ready, boy?" Carter immediately knows what he means. His eyes grow wide, and he nods emphatically. "Beg for it." No words can be heard through the duct tape, but you can hear his tone, begging, and you can clearly see his eyes, pleading. Rick's smile covers his whole face. "I told you I'd have you begging." Carter's face instantly turns white hot with shame. His body is at war with itself, wanting Rick off of him immediately, and desperately needing him inside.
He has no choice in the matter, and Rick picks up the pace, lifting Carter's hips. Carter moans louder than he has all night. His toes, his feet, his whole body curls and prepares. With one last thrust, Carter shoots his load over his head, out of the cage. The two freeze for a moment, Carter catches his breath, eyes closed, facing the ceiling. The reality of the whole situation sinks in. He has a new sense of clarity, and the whole night flashes before his eyes. Without the pleasure, the shame engulfs his whole body, and he starts to cry. He looks up at Rick and squirms, trying to get away from him. Rick pulls his thighs back towards him. "I never said I was done."
Carter's eyes open wide, and he whimpers, louder than before. Rick pushes back into him with a vengeance. Going faster, and faster, pulling Carter's body towards him like a rag doll. Carter's face has gone blank. He is completely resigned. Seeing the completely defeated man beneath him, it does not take long for Rick to cum. He thrusts one final time, his hips shaking rhythmically, and he waits. He looks down at Carter, who is facing to the side away from me. His face is hot with shame and anger. Rick smiles again. "Good boy," he speaks quietly, just loud enough for me and Carter to hear. He pulls out and his loads spill out of Carter. It must have been 3 or 4. I lost count. His hips squirm in response.
Rick zips up and walks over to the bar, leaving both of us, alone. Carter is still crying as the cum slides out of his deflowered hole. I try my best not to think. I can't bear it. I look at the ceiling for a long while. I finally turn to Carter. He notices and looks back at me. There is nothing to say. We can only try to feel, to understand, but even then, there is no solace there. I can't help but feel responsible. I feel tears well up as I look into his eyes and beg for forgiveness. There is a long pause, and Carter nods. I start to cry. He is a stronger man than I am.
Time passes, and men start to trickle out of the bar. Now it is just Rick and a few others. Rick approaches the cage. He starts to untie the ropes around our ankles. "You boys did good today." It's ridiculous how casual he sounds. "I know our traditions are pretty extreme, but I knew you two could handle it." My left ankle is released and my leg falls to the bottom of the cage. "You two were too green for this place. You should have known that when you walked in." I start to feel hot with anger. "You both walked in here, clueless and too scared to pursue what you really wanted." He unties my right ankles and it falls. "It's my job to open up peoples' eyes to see what they're missing." He is silent as he unties Carter's ankles, thinking for a moment. "We're a family here. We have a lot of love to give, and now," He nods at our chests. They are covered in dry cum, which sticks to us like a second skin. "Now you got a little love from all of us. You gave us the opportunity to get to know you, and now we do. We know all of you." Carter's face turns red. His left leg falls as it is untied. "You're a part of us, just as much as we're a part of you." Carter whimpers as he feels more cum slide out of him.
I close my eyes in disbelief. He is really trying to justify all of this. He forced all of this on us. He has no leg to stand on. I close my eyes tighter. So why do I want to believe him?
He walks to the back of the cage and starts untying my wrists. He chuckles. "Jack, you're a natural, really. I threw a lot at you, and you took it like a champ. I've never seen someone make it through the whole room in one go." My face turned red. It never occurred to me there was another option. "And you really got into it a few times, not all the time, but when you did, the whole room got excited." He paused. "I gave the room a free taste tonight, but everyone loved it. There's a lot of money on the table if you're willing to take it." He finishes untying my wrists. I immediately rub them to try to get some blood flowing. I have no idea what to feel. I am disgusted at the proposition, but in the back of my mind, I feel oddly proud.
Rick walks over to Carter who is still crying. "Carter..." He wipes his tears away and holds his cheek. "I know I have a funny way of showing it, but you're special to me. I love your passion. I love your spirit, but you don't know yourself. You're trapped. I freed you tonight, just a little, and in time, you will realize that. Jack has a choice to make, but you will be back." Carter whimpers. "Shh sh shhh. No one will ever force you through that door. You will be back because you want to be back. I have given you something no one else can give you, and I cannot wait to give you more." He strokes Carter's cheek, while Carter slowly calms down. Rick unties his wrists, but Carter just lies there for a while.
Rick unlocks the padlock and swings the door open. He reaches towards me with both hands. I lean forward as he grabs me around the chest. "Up you come." He says with a grunt. He carries me like this and places me in a chair off to the side. Your legs will need a minute. He then does the same for Carter, placing him in the chair next to me. Rick points around the bar. "Your pants are there. Your shoes are there. You have 10 minutes while I lock up, and then you have to be out unless you want to spend the night here."
I painfully rip the duct tape off my face, and Carter does the same. I look down at our chests, covered in a sheet of cum. I reach down and feel my hole. Stretched wider than it ever has been before. I can't imagine walking outside like this. Nevertheless, we both get up, stumble across the bar and get dressed. I hold Carter's hand. We walk outside in just our pants and our sneakers. Everything else has been cut up and thrown out.
Our legs are shaking, barely able to hold us up. I know we need to get home soon.
"How far is your place?" Carter asks.
"Just a few blocks up the road." I point.
Carter looks down at the ground. "Can I stay with you?" He takes a deep breath. "I don't want to be alone tonight.
I grip his hand tighter. "Of course." We stand still for a moment. "Carter." He looks up at me, and I look into his eyes for a moment. "We are going to be ok."
He smiles weakly. He doesn't believe me, but I hope one day he does. We take our first steps towards home, only the streetlights guiding our path.