I'd flown down from Seattle early on a Tuesday into John Wayne Airport, rented a car, and drove down the coast to my hotel in San Clemente. I'd been sent by my firm to try to negotiate our way through a complicated shopping-center expansion. Turned out the existing center straddled two parcels, one of which was owned by an estate that was in probate. The expansion had to be on that parcel, which meant we had to somehow lease or buy the additional fifteen acres we needed. The probate law firm was in San Diego, the shopping center's owners were in Los Angeles, so San Clemente was the mid-way choice for our meeting place. I'd negotiated that, too. Anyway, all you need to know is that I was in San Clemente just before noon on a Tuesday, and our meeting wasn't until nine the next morning.
It was July, and it was hot! What to do? I got a strange thought in my head: Check out San Onofre State Beach, only a short drive from my hotel. One of the other lawyers who'd gone to UC Irvine had told me about it. Specifically, about the nude beach part. I was in the mood for it. I was bored, hot, not looking forward to tomorrow's meeting, and, most of all, I'd never been to a nude beach. And, yeah, to be honest, I was also thinking that I wanted to show off my cock. I didn't have a great body, was OK to look at, but not really good looking, not especially tall (five-ten), but I did have a spectacular cock. A full eight inches hard and, especially in hot weather, nearly five inches flaccid. Thick, too. My sex partners always went wild over it. So, I had this crazy thought in my head: Why not show it off in public, at a place where such showing off would be allowed? Nobody knew me here, I'd probably never be back to this part of California, so it seemed low risk.
It was a short trip down I-5, just a couple of exits. On this Tuesday the parking areas were empty. It took me a while to find the trail, but finally, I found the nude section. It's not official, but someone had written "Clothing Optional" in marker on the sign. I had a towel from the hotel (not supposed to be taken off the premises), a large bottle of water, sunscreen, a few energy bars, and nothing else but what I was wearing.
The beach was nearly empty. I spotted a couple way on the other end, a few hundred yards away. And one woman walking in the surf, wearing only a bikini bottom. She didn't see me and kept on walking, and soon she was far away. So, really, it was just me.
Well, since this was my first time, maybe a deserted beach was best. At least to start. I felt a little strange stripping, but, I figured, what else was I supposed to do? I spread out the towel and sat down. I spread sunscreen everywhere, including, for the first time in my life, on my cock and balls. Then I lay back and just let the sun soak in, listening to the crashing surf.
I fell asleep, not sure for how long, when I felt something poking my foot and jerked awake to see a pair of legs. I raised my head to find that they were attached to a very fine looking woman. She was slim, shapely, and beautiful, with long blonde hair and, since she was smiling at me, a great smile. I suddenly remembered that I was naked. She, however, was wearing a two-piece red swimsuit.
"Well, hello there!" she said. Now she was looking at my cock.
"What the fuck?" was my startled response.
"Oh, sorry, didn't mean to upset you. I just thought maybe you could help me with my sunscreen? As you can see, there's nobody else here."
I looked around. She was right. Even the far-away couple had left.
"I'm Roberta. And you are?"
"Edward. Eddie."
"Well, can you? Help me with my sunscreen?"
I still hadn't quite processed what was happening. There was so much! It always takes me a few minutes to get my bearings when I wake up. And then there was her appearance, just stunningly gorgeous. And my nudity. It took me most of a minute before I realized that being naked and showing off my cock was the main reason I was on this beach, and I couldn't very well show myself if nobody was watching. Who better than this blonde goddess?
Finally, I was fully awake, thinking clearly, and ready to use my lawyerly negotiating skills. "You want sunscreen on your back, right? You do know this is a nude beach."
"Clothing optional. You've taken the option, haven't you? But I haven't. Not yet, anyway."
"That's right, but no option, no sunscreen."
"So you want me to strip? Just like that?"
"Hey, Roberta. I'm the nude one here. You believe in equality, don't you?" I wondered if she was a lawyer, too. No, more likely a model.
"I do believe in equality. And, to be honest, in nudity, too." With that she untied her top, freeing her perfect breasts. And then her bottom, exposing her perfect pussy, so smooth that it must have been waxed.
She stood over me with her legs spread apart, her chest back, and her hands behind her head. "Will this do?"
"Oh, yeah!" I hoped my cock would behave itself, something that I had read was required on nude beaches. "You're now properly dressed. Or rather, undressed."
She spread out her towel and lay on her stomach. "Well, I'm stripped. Can I have that sunscreen now?"
I moved over to her towel, a few feet from mine, and kneeled between her legs. I started with her neck, her ears, her shoulders, and her arms. Then her back and her sides. I put too much sunscreen on her sides, on purpose, which required me to work it all around. I wanted to see how close to her breasts I could get. I put my fingers right on them, on their sides, anyway, and she didn't flinch. I filed that information away for future use, not too distant future, I hoped.
Now for the good part, her tight ass and her crack. I'd never felt anything so wonderful. I'd had a lot of girls, but never one like this. Again, I worked sunscreen onto her hips, and even a little onto her pelvis. No reaction.
I was very clearly giving her a massage, not just applying sunscreen. She was very clearly entirely OK with it.
Now for her legs. They were so amazingly sexy. Very subtly muscled, just enough to give them shape. I used plenty of sunscreen, which required plenty of spreading around. Her feet, too, and her toes.
I was done, with her back, anyway. Or was I? Maybe I could go further. I squeezed out some more sunscreen and worked it onto the back of her thighs. Onto the inside of her thighs. I managed to place my fingers under her pelvis, within millimeters of her labia. Still, she didn't move, or say anything, or resist in any way. I decided to stop there.
I was rock hard. I'd been focused on her so much I hadn't even noticed. Well, so be it. If she noticed, I'd just say that her sexy, naked body had been the cause. Might as well be truthful. And she might not notice since she was on her stomach.
"All done!" I said.
She sat up and looked at my cock. "Oh, wow! Did I cause that?"
"You sure did. Your body is just too much."
"You were just applying sunscreen. Non-sexually, I hope."
"Non-sexual, yeah. But my thoughts might have wandered."
"Naughty boy," she giggled. "Anyway, if you can, lie down and I'll do your back."
I did as I was told, and she started to put sunscreen on me, pretty much in the same sequence that I'd done her, but much more quickly. It was just a sunscreen application, not a massage. Oh, well.
But when she got to my inner thighs, she lingered. She accidentally, or so it seemed, ran a finger along my scrotum, but then very quickly moved it away.
"Almost done," she said. But then she put some more sunscreen on her hand, reached under me, and grabbed my cock, squeezing hard. She stroked it up and down a few times, and then pulled her hand away.
"Just had to do that, hope you don't mind," was all she said by way of explanation. "Let's now just get some rays, and then we can flip over." She set the alarm on her phone and lay back down on her stomach, on her own towel. I lay down on mine.
At a nude beach, was it OK to look? I didn't know the protocol, but I can tell you that I definitely did. I kept turning my head to gaze on this fantastic naked body only a couple of feet away. I'd had my hands all over it, at least over the back side of it, but, still, the sight was just too sumptuous not to enjoy. And I did.
Her alarm went off, and she immediately flipped onto her back. I did the same. She reached for her sunscreen.
"You know, you could do my front for me," she said.
I wasn't sure what she meant exactly. Did she mean that it would be easier for another person to do it? Or that she specifically wanted my hands on her? Or that she was offering herself up for some sexy strokes? I didn't know what she meant.
"You sure you're OK with that?" I really wanted to know.
"Eddie, my friend, you've already had your hands all over my back, and where they didn't belong, too. Don't think I didn't know that. So, why not just continue? We're fucking naked!"
No time to argue. I took the sunscreen from her and proceeded to do her front, this time with no hesitation. After her shoulders, I moved right to her breasts. And her nipples. Then I moved down to her thighs, down her legs, and her feet, again. Then back to her thighs. I straddled one of her legs and put both hands on her pelvis. I worked my fingers towards her labia. I looked at her. She was completely relaxed and had a slight smile.
"More?" I asked.
"God, yes," she said. "Don't stop now."
Well, I didn't. Soon I had two fingers inside her, with my thumb on her clit. My other hand squeezed her right breast, and then her left.
It didn't take long at all. In less than two minutes her entire body rose off the towel, as she screamed. She grabbed my hand and held it to her pussy while she continued to moan. Finally, she lay still.
"Oh, god, that was so great!" she said. I was hard again, of course, and really wanted to get inside her, but she was obviously not up for that. She lay back with her legs spread and just relaxed under the hot sun. I did the same, with plenty of sunscreen still on me from before.
"I love sunbathing," she said.
"I can see why," I replied. Really, I'd had a fantastic time exploring her body and bringing her off. I would have loved some attention in return, but it was not to be. Oh, well. Maybe later.
After another half-hour, she sat up and looked at her phone. "Almost five. I guess I'd better get back. Have to work tomorrow."
"Interested in dinner?" I asked.
"Oh, that would be great, but can't tonight. I'm meeting a friend." She tickled my balls with her toes. "Too bad we don't have more time. Your cock is fantastic."
"Yeah, too bad." I sounded disappointed, and I was. "Do you live here? Visiting?"
"Business," she said. "I live in San Diego. Have to go back tomorrow after my meeting."
"Well, Roberta, it's been fun. My first time on a nude, sorry, clothing-optional, beach, and it's really pretty damn good."
"Yeah, you apply sunscreen so well," she giggled. "I'm sure I didn't get burned."
She stood up, so I got one last look at her sexy body. Then she put her swimsuit back on, shook out and rolled up her towel, kissed me on the cheek, and walked off to the parking lot. I lay back on my towel, both happy and disappointed. I closed my eyes and tried to get over it.
Only a couple of minutes later I sensed a shadow on my face. I opened my eyes and looked up at Roberta.
"I thought you needed to go," I said.
"I did. I do. But I can't leave you like this. So very unfair. But I'm so out of time!"
"That's a shame," I said. I hated the pleading sound of my voice.
"Your cock is so big and thick. Can it handle something fast and rough?"
I wasn't sure what that meant exactly. "Like what?"
"Like this!" She kicked off one of her flip-flops and put her foot down on my very extended cock, and started to grind it into my pelvis. It hurt, but it was a good pain.
"Ouch!" I yelled.
"Too much?" she asked, now pressing her toes into my balls.
"No, actually, it isn't."
She smiled. "So, you like this?" She started flicking my shaft from side-to-side. I'd never felt anything so erotic. Somehow my cock got even harder, almost begging for more rough treatment.
She came down again on my shaft, this time putting her full weight on it while she pinched it between her toes. Then, still with her weight down, she twisted her foot, taking my shaft along for the ride.
Then she started moving her foot in a circle, still with my penis clamped tightly. She swung it around slowly, grinding it into my thighs as she went.
"Still OK?" she asked.
I managed to grunt. I was out of my body. No, more accurately, my entire body was inside my cock.
Then she sped up the pace and returned to up and down strokes. That was too much. I came, with a spurt that shot my load up my chest, across my face, and into my hair. The whole thing took maybe five minutes.
"Well, now I don't feel so bad," she said. "You gonna live?"
"Yeah, but I'll never forget," I said.
"No doubt. Great penis, Mister. Wish I could play with it every day. Now I really am off." And this time she really was.
A half-hour later I had recovered enough to slip my shorts back on, walk slowly to my car, and head back to my hotel.
* * *
The conference room was right in my hotel, so I was the first one there a few minutes before nine. I like to arrive early. Lessens the stress of rushing when I'm late, so I never am.
A couple of minutes after nine my client arrived, a middle-aged man I'd met just once before. "Hello, Edward," he said.
"Nice to see you again, Mr. Trenson. Are you all set?"
"I think so. This thing is one complicated piece of shit. I'm depending on you to sort through this mess so we can leave here with something. We want to get started this year, and it's already July."
"I'll do my best. It mostly depends on how competent they are. If they're confused, it will be much harder."
Two minutes later the door opened again and in walked a slim, brown-haired woman of about thirty-five, nicely dressed in a gray suit.
Behind her was... unbelievably... Roberta! With a lot more clothing on. Her hair was up, she had glasses, possibly only for effect, and she wore a muted green suit and a cream-colored blouse with too many buttons undone.
The first woman spoke first. "I'm Janice Hazleton, executor of the estate, and this is Roberta Wilson, my attorney."
"George Trenson here, we've spoken on the phone. My attorney, Edward Bonner."
Everyone shook hands. Roberta acted as if she'd never seen me before. I did the same.
A cart with coffee, muffins, and fruit arrived. Roberta put some fruit on a plate and poured herself coffee. I took coffee only. No idea what the two others did; I was looking only at Roberta. My cock started to twitch.
We sat down, Trenson next to me, and the two women on the other side. From the way Janice and Roberta were talking, I had the impression they had known each other a while. Janice noticed me noticing that and said, "We're college roommates. Both attorneys now, but I specialize in estates. Roberta in real estate."
"I see," I said. "Well, this might be easier than we think. How about we start with Mr. Trenson explaining what they'd like to do. Mr. Trenson?"
Trenson pulled out a drawing of the shopping center expansion, with the two parcels marked. "Basically, we want to expand to the south, and we'd like to do it on an additional fifteen acres. We can make an offer to buy, or talk about a forty-year lease.
"OK, clear enough," said Roberta. "Thanks for stripping it down to the essentials." She winked at me. "I can tell you that it's a buy only. The family wants to liquidate. And, we want to talk about your buying out the existing lease, too. That won't be hard for you, I hope?" She winked again.
My turn. "No, in fact, we were hoping to bring that up, and now you've already gone there. So, we're on the same page. A twenty-two-acre purchase."
Roberta looked at her notes. "No, it's bigger and thicker. Twenty-two-and-a-half." She smiled and looked directly at me.
"I stand corrected," I said. "How much?"
"Eighty-five million," said Janice, with a laugh. "That's what I always say when we're asked to go first. Makes us feel naked." Now she winked at me like she knew something private. I wondered what Roberta might have told her.
"Very good," I said, smiling. "We'd like to pay a bit less."
"Figures," said Roberta. Everyone laughed. Nervous laughter, because the negotiations were about to begin. "But maybe I should put my foot down."
Now it was my turn. "If you do, our position will just harden."
"Harden?" said Roberta. I'm sure Trenson wasn't following this. Maybe Janice was, and maybe she wasn't.
Anyway, no point in repeating what went on for the next hour. We more or less agreed on the appraised value, but I pointed out that there were unpaid property taxes and a potential toxic-waste liability, and we circled around and around, as negotiators often do.
Finally, Janice looked at the clock on the wall. It was 11:45. "I'm hungry," she said. "Seven-point-five million. Any less and we're stripped naked."
"You're exaggerating. Seven-two," said Trenson. "And we take on all liability."
"Seven-four," said Janice.
"Done!" said Trenson.
"Give me a minute," I said. I quickly typed up a term sheet and sent it to the printer in the corner. We all initialed the paper.
"I'll have the agreement drawn up and on your desk by Friday," I said.
"Dandy," said Janice.
We all shook hands, folded up our laptops, and headed out the door. Trenson excused himself to catch a plane back to LA.
"May I treat you two victors to lunch?" I asked.
"What? We're the vanquished," said Roberta. "And yes, you may take me to lunch? Jan?"
"Me, too. I need to drown my sorrows."
"You're pretty good bullshitters," I said. "And in all seriousness, very fine negotiators. Tough, and know how to finish before lunchtime. That's five stars in my book. And I have a happy client."
* * *
At lunch, we ordered a round of drinks and continued to heap praises on one another.
Roberta started to get serious. "You know, Eddie, you called me tough, and maybe I am, but I also like to be thought of as fair. Lawyering isn't any fun for me if I'm always out to get someone."
"But you do like to put your foot down and grind things until it breaks your way, right?" I asked.
"Sometimes, but only in service to my client," said Roberta, winking. Did Janice know anything about why she was winking?
"Sounds admirable," I said. "I wish I were the same. Well, anyway, I try to be. Call it aspirational."
"Roberta says she actually met you yesterday," said Janice.
I didn't know how to respond. Had Roberta talked to Janice? She must have. They were friends.
"Apparently, she'd told you some things," I said, after a pause. "What'd she say?"
"Only that you talked a while, and that you helped her apply some sunscreen."
I didn't believe that's all Roberta told her but decided to let it go. The waiter came by again and we ordered food.
"You two headed back to San Diego?"
Roberta answered: "After a conference call with the family. We promised to call right away."
"They have to approve? I told Trenson it was a done deal."
"No, Jan has power-of-attorney. It's only to fill them in. The deal is done. No worries, Eddie."
We finished lunch, I picked up the check, said goodbye to the girls, and went back to my room. I'd gotten a text asking me to call another client back in Seattle, so might as well get it out of the way.
Turned out the client was unavailable, so that left the afternoon empty. There was a shopping mall next to the hotel, with an eight-screen theater, but, as usual for me, nothing I wanted to see. I hated TV, so that was out. And for some reason, I was too restless to just stay in my room with a book.
I looked at my watch. Still early, only a little after two. Well, there was one place I could think of: San Onofre. Two days in a row? Why not? Yesterday was as erotic an experience as anything I'd ever had, so why not return to the scene of the crime, so to speak?
By 2:45 I'd parked and was on the trail to the beach. More people than yesterday, a couple of nude guys, probably a couple, and a group of girls, maybe college age, still in their bikinis, tops and bottoms. That was disappointing. Maybe a half-dozen other people much farther away, some nude, but too far away for it to matter.
What was proper here? Set up between the men and the women? Far from both groups? Actually, I wanted to be near the women so they could see me. Wasn't that the point of being nude? But not so near that they would think I was trying to hit on them.
I decided on a spot near the water, and as far from the women as they were from the men on their opposite side. Maybe seventy-five feet between us. I could get away with that.
So, I spread out my towel, not looking even once at the girls, and stripped naked as naturally as I could, as though I did this all the time. I sat down and put on sunscreen, angled slightly toward the girls so they could see my cock, but being careful to plausibly be looking at the ocean. Got out my phone and checked the screen without turning it on, so I could see the reflection of the girls. As I'd hoped, all three were sitting up looking directly at me.
What a turn-on! Maybe they'd come over to me? That would certainly solve my little problem since no way could they then accuse me of being the aggressor.
But no such luck. A quick check of my phone showed me they had returned to prone positions, still with bikinis on, near as I could tell. Damn! But at least they'd had a look at me. I wished there were an ice-cream truck or something in their direction so I could get up and walk towards them. But nothing there, so no way to act out anything.
I took out my book and decided to read. I must not have been in the mood to read about Alexander the Great, even though it was a Pulitzer Prize winner, because, like yesterday, I fell asleep.
* * *
"Hey!" I yelled, jerked awake by something hitting my balls. I looked up to see, you guessed it, Roberta. And, next to her, Janice.
"What do you know? It's Eddie!" said Janice.
I sat up. "What are you two doing here? Thought you had a conference call."
"We did, and, like I said it would be, it was quick and uneventful," said Roberta. Thankfully, she'd moved her foot away from my balls. "Jan wanted to see this place, after my glowing description."
"Be honest, Roberta!" said Janice. "We were hoping to find Eddie. Wow, were we lucky!"
"Yeah, you were. I think you caught me with my pants down."
"You look great with your pants down, Eddie," said Janice. "Roberta, you should have told me."
"Told you what?"
"That there's so much more to Eddie besides legal skills and a winning personality. No disrespect, Eddie, but yours is the biggest cock I've ever seen."
By this time Roberta and Janice had taken seats at the edge of my towel, one on either side. More than that, they were each holding one of my legs, as if to keep me from closing them together. They might have even separated them a bit. Anyway, my now partially erect cock was in very plain view.
"It's a nude beach, girls. You can strip, too, you know."
"We discussed this yesterday, Eddie boy," said Roberta. "It's a clothing-optional beach. We can take the clothed option if we want. We can't stay long."
"Then I'll get dressed," I said. I started to get up, forgetting about their grip on my legs. Instead, I fell back. Before I could pull my legs free, they each had a foot on one of my shoulders, holding me down. I think I could have overpowered them. Definitely. But, actually, I kind of liked this. Trapped naked by these two gorgeous, sexy, entirely clothed women. My cock agreed: It was now fully erect.
"Holy shit!" yelled Janice. "You're what, ten inches?"
"Maybe eight," I answered, not knowing what else to say under the circumstances. "Can I get up? I need to turn over."
"You can turn over in a few minutes after we leave," said Roberta. "For now, we like you the way you are." Janice nodded, enthusiastically.
Should I force my way free of their hands and feet? Maybe later. For now, I wanted to see where this was going. A prisoner held down, naked, by two dream girls, who wanted to focus on my cock. Yes!
Janice grabbed the sunscreen with her other hand and loosened the top with her teeth. "Your penis is burning," she said. It wasn't, because I'd put gobs of sunscreen on it earlier while the college girls were watching. But Janice didn't know that and, besides, I liked where I thought she was headed with that comment.
"It is!" said Roberta. "And, since we're holding him down, we'd be responsible, since he can't very well apply sunscreen himself."
"That's a problem," said Janice. "Wait! I have an idea. What if we applied it?"
"Eddie might not like that," said Roberta. "We should ask him."
"I don't think we need to," said Janice. "He needs the sunscreen on his cock, we can apply it, he can't do anything for himself, so there's nothing to ask."
With that, Roberta took the tube with her free hand and poured a generous amount on Janice's free hand. Then Janice grabbed my shaft and started to stroke it up and down, slathering it liberally with the lotion.
"It needs to be worked in," said Roberta. "I think five minutes of vigorous massaging should do it."
"OK, I'll do that," said Janice, now squeezing even harder. Every time she got to the glans she held it in her fingers and twisted it back and forth. She was very cock-knowledgeable.
"That's good, Jan. That's the part that sticks way out. Eight inches, I think Eddie said. It gets the most sun."
"Roberta, there's something else I just noticed. With his cock so hard, his balls are exposed. Before, when we first sat down, they were covered. They aren't now."
I was in heaven. My dream was just to be naked on a beach, but this was way beyond that. These two cuties were holding me down, and Janice was working my cock as it had never been worked before.
"I'll take care of his balls," said Roberta. She put some more sunscreen on Janice's hand, took half of it in hers, and started working it into my balls. Janice returned her hand to my cock.
They worked in silence for a couple of minutes. Finally, Roberta spoke. "Eddie, I think you have enough sunscreen. Should we stop?"
"No!" I yelled. I didn't want them to stop, ever.
"Jan, if we don't stop, I'm afraid Eddie is going to shoot his load. That would embarrass him. We should stop."
Janice pretended to think about that, and finally said, "I want to see him shoot. I want to see what Eddie's huge penis can do. That OK, Eddie?"
But it was too late. Before I could say anything, I shot my load right onto my chest and face. It was even more intense than yesterday's at the hand, or rather foot, of Roberta.
"Oh, wow!" said Janice. "Eddie, that was amazing."
Roberta looked at me. "Eddie, you're kind of messy right now. I'm afraid we put too much sunscreen on, and now you're dribbled in cum, too."
"We'd clean you up, but we're out of time," said Janice, looking at her phone. She'd taken her hand and foot away and stood up, no longer afraid I'd run away. "It's almost 4:30."
"Gotta run," said Roberta, standing up next to Janice. "Eddie, it's been great getting to know you."
"Same here," said Janice. "Love your penis."
With that, they walked back up the beach to their car. I looked over towards the college girls, who were sitting up and staring. I realized I'd just been the star of a sex show.
I kind of liked the sound of that. I lay back down, angled so the girls could have a good view.