In my last memoir I mentioned my mania for sexy/beautiful clothes. I am a stone cold exhibitionist. I realize that a lot of women don't like to be scoped out in the clothing stores or maybe they're flattered but it only becomes a story to tell their husband.
I, on the other hand, found their reconnaissance to be very stimulating. Fuck me with your eyes and maybe fuck me with your cock. Either way, I'm an attention whore.
Literally.
I know what I have and I know what to do with it. Clothes frame the picture so wherever I am I look good enough to eat. Even my casual wear is high end. Fortunately my addiction to fashion, expensive to say the least, is easily supported by my work ethic.
Pay me, fuck me. Let's go shopping.
Sometimes these things overlapped. Freddy, a shop owner downtown, took a keen interest in my figure so he'd follow me around the store with loads of ideas on what I should wear. I loved it.
After we got to know each other a little better I told him what I did for a living. Instead, of going into shock he had even more ideas on what made good man bait. From dresses to intimate wear he went bonkers coming up with the ultimate escort wear. Classy, expensive and screaming 'take me off', he steered me towards a hotter version of me.
That primer from an expert single-handedly upped my prices to $400 although I always left the door open for spontaneous discount fucks.. Now these lessons were as expensive as they looked and so one day Freddy had a suggestion.
"Haley," he said, admiring my look in a fire engine red bustier, "with all due respect, perhaps there's a way to lower your clothing bill and inflate my dick."
"Oh?" I said, more than a little surprised.
"Let's just say we exchange our mutual gifts. We barter."
Now I read people pretty well and was convinced that Freddy played for the other team. But it appeared to be an assumption because, "women think I have to be gay to know this much about women's clothes."
"So you fuck me and in return..."
"Yes, in return I send you out of here looking even better than when you came in."
I didn't need to go home and think about it. I just extended my hand and we shook on it. He went to the front door, put up the 'back in 30 minutes' sign and fucked me in one of the dressing rooms. He particularly liked the room with multiple mirrors, watching me take it from all viewpoints.
I liked it too. It was hot watching his junk slam into me as if a director had plotted the camera angles.
As he pounded my pussy he would emphasize that it was "strictly (uhnnn) business, (uhnnn) one professional (uhnnn) to another".
It was an arrangement that went well for my closet until the store suddenly closed its doors. Some time after that, I ran into him on the street and he confessed to fucking so much of his clientele in exchange for clothes that he wasn't making any profit and went bankrupt.
Feeling I'd gotten the better of the deal, when he eventually opened a second hand store near the old one I stopped in one day, dragged him in the stockroom and fucked him for free.
In the afterglow he said, "Thanks, baby, you're the best pussy I ever had."
***
The online ads were fruitful but unpredictable and so whatever was discussed upfront might not be the end product.
I got an offer for a three hour yacht trip with privileged twenty-something twins who wanted to surprise their father on his 60th birthday. They bought me aboard before daddy got there and tied a giant bow around me. Even though I was their dad's gift, the plan was to leisurely fuck all three of them during the trip.
All went as planned until halfway out from dock they presented me to Bernie, the birthday boy.
"Look what we got you, dad!"
I struck a sexy pose and walked to Bernie. He was partly excited and partially had a concerned look on his face.
"Turn the boat around and head back," he said, confusing everyone.
"Don't you like her, dad?" asked one of the twins.
"Yes, she's gorgeous," was all he said.
Everyone was quiet until they docked.
"Boys, thank you for the great gift but you two have to get off the boat. I have plans for this beauty but I can't have you watching. That would be like having your mother watching. I'm going back out to enjoy this girl for a couple hours and when I return you can have her after that."
The twins were stunned and walked off the boat, leaving the sexy escort and the birthday boy. I shouldn't have but I asked, "So how come they couldn't join in? Obviously, they have good taste in women."
"That may be true but I have fetishes I'd prefer to keep to myself, separate from my boys and definitely from my wife."
"So you taught them that fucking an escort was acceptable but leaving out the particulars."
"That's pretty much it. I feel like men have extra special sexual needs and, apart from our home life, that needs to be satisfied."
Why I didn't just shut up at this point I don't know but, "You know, I get just as horny as men do, plus I don't blow it out my dick in one shot."
Fortunately, he laughed and asked, "What's your name?"
"Haley"
"Well, Haley, you look like the kind of girl I'd like to tie up and bang the shit out of."
And there it was, the fetish I'd been wondering about.
Bondage.
We no sooner dropped anchor and he had my bikini off and I was handcuffed to the bow of the yacht and vigorously penetrated. I was getting off on the sun, the waves, the bondage and his cock slipping in and out in the middle of all that.
After that he tied me up with soft rope in various places and positions on the boat. I'm no expert but he seemed highly skilled at tying knots and completely immobilizing his prey.
He had me helpless and wanted me to beg him not to fuck me. Even though I really liked it, I role played with him.
"Please don't fuck me anymore. I'll be a good girl."
"I'm afraid I need to fuck you blind you little whore."
Strapped to a chaise deck chair with my ass in the air he drilled me with eight inches of hard cock. His energy seemed boundless.
"Please stop, it's too much!"
"Gotta punish the whore."
I started screaming which turned him on even more. Bang, bang, bang. The chair was barely holding together. I screamed louder and he put a hand over my mouth. By this time I had cum twice and was on the verge of another.
He circled around my immobile body and stuck his cock in my mouth. I gagged and coughed but was unable to pull away. "That's my girl. Take it all the way down...yes. Oh, Haley, you are a pretty one."
Without a word he finished by dropping a load in my pussy and methodically went about untying me after enjoying my cream-pie.
"Hope you weren't too uncomfortable through that," he said, wishing to appear concerned about my wellbeing.
"I'm alright. Just some redness where the rope was."
"I couldn't help but notice that your body reacted favorably a couple of times."
"It surprised you that I came?"
"Yes"
"I'm a call girl for more than just the money. I've always craved sex. I just figured, why not make money at it."
"You don't look like a typical call girl."
"That's my superpower."
"I don't know what my sons paid for you but it probably wasn't enough. Would you you be interested in some occasional corporate work for me? A lot of deals could be consummated between your legs and I'd pay you well. I warn you though, some of these guys are kinky as hell."
"You're kinky as hell."
"Yes," he chuckled, "I guess so. So what do you say? I've got international clients that would trip over themselves to fuck an American girl who looked as apple pie wholesome as you."
With a nod of consent I smiled and we exchanged business cards. When we docked he brushed past his waiting sons, "Thanks for the girl," and he was gone. As instructed by their father, they left port once again, anchored out in the middle of nowhere and had a delightful time spit roasting 'apple pie wholesome'.
***
Couples
When I signed up to be a pin cushion for horny guys I didn't realize how much couples action I'd get. I think there are a lot more kinky couples out there than one might think.
What man can resist the birthday gift of an escort from his wife? I had one woman dressed to kill in leather who met me at their home, paid the bill and handed me over to her completely nude husband with the words, "Look what mommy got you to fuck, Joel!"
And fuck me he did. While she filmed the affair on her phone he went about rough fucking me for every last minute of the paid hour. For lack of a better description this was more like consensual rape, if there is such a thing. He might as well have taken me in a dark alley his animal desire was so all consuming.
He grabbed me by the throat, dragged me to their bed (unless he slept outside on a leash), tore my blouse open and had more than a mouthful of my tits while his wife happily acted as both videographer and cheerleader.
"Like those tits, baby? Slap them for mommy," and he acted on that command and her every word for the rest of the time. I suppose if your wife buys you a hooker the least you can do is follow direction.
As things progressed I could see her reaching for her crotch. Joel now had me sitting up as he stood, aiming his stand-alone erection at my ruby red lips. I stuck out my tongue and he filled my mouth with his above average cock. Indelicately, he held the sides of my cheeks and face-fucked me. "Gluuukkkk, gluuukkkk..."
When he'd finally had enough he pushed me forcefully back on the bed, reached down with both hands and yanked off my panties and stuffed them in my mouth.
"Fuck the little bitch, Joel," she said unsnapping the crotch on her lace bodysuit and masturbating.
He jammed his pole in my pussy and his wife went to town on herself. That was until she removed the panties from my mouth, straddled my face and I got close and personal with her twat. "Eat me, little darlin'!" My tongue darted in and out of her happy hole and I accentuated the experience with a clit massage. She smelled like a sweet spice. "Ahhhh, fuck," she moaned, "that feels so nice, ohhhhh."
My juices released on his overactive cock as he held me by my knees and enjoyed himself. As they faced each other over my prone body I could hear them kiss, after which her orgasm squirted all over my face. "Oh shiiiiitttttt!"
"Let's use her doggy, Joel. I know how much you love that."
She moved back and he flipped me over on all fours and resumed his pleasure cruise up my cunt. His wife fingered herself as we watched each other get off.
"Fuck this hot bitch, Joel! Fuck her for mommy. I love you fucking her!!"
It seemed like every time she encouraged him was the harder he would bang me and it was exciting me as well. I looked into her eyes and came again on his cock. I looked down between my legs and could see my juices run down his nutsack.
"Look at me, bitch! You like my husband's pole in you?"
"Yes,"
She was furiously jerking her clit. "Tell me! Tell me you like it! Tell me!"
"I LOVE your husband fucking me. I want more!!!" I shouted.
"Finish her, Joel."
Joel pulled out and turned me around, "Open your mouth and eat my husband's cum..."
Like a well trained orchestra the three of us jerking in unison reached a satisfying crescendo, our pussies humming to the touch and Joel's cum laced across my face. I swallowed what I could.
While she licked her husband's cock clean I let myself out the front door. They've hired me several times since, not necessarily for any special reason other than a good fuck. They also covered the cost of my clothes every time Joel ripped my blouse off.
When she texted me about three weeks later I asked "Who is this?". She realized she'd never introduced herself.
Her name was Audrey and I looked forward to fucking her as much as her husband.
***
If there's such a no-no as underdressing to reel in a customer at the grocery store then I'm guilty as charged.
There are a lot of men, single or otherwise, pushing shopping carts that are already stocked up but could use some sweet pussy to go with their cream of wheat. I learned to pick them out based on where their eyes landed and what was in their cart.
Above all there are two articles of clothing that have never failed me in a grocery: an insanely short skirt with pleats and black knee high stockings. Now you may say that's completely inappropriate for food shopping and I'm a slut.
Well...ya. It all depends on what you're having for dinner and it's fairly certain that I'm on some guy's menu. The short skirt is useful in two primary positions; reaching and bending over.
Recently, I was working the wine section of a local store, pretending to know what I was looking at when an admirer I'd picked up on the bread aisle kept magically appearing wherever I went.
Now, with bottle in hand, he said, "That's a really great chardonnay."
"Oh?" I said, not even knowing what I was holding.
"Oh ya, great wine. You could bring that home to your husband," he said going fishing, "I bet he'd like it."
I smiled, "No husband so I'd be drinking alone."
"What? A beautiful girl like you, dining alone?"
"I'm afraid so, it's a work night," I said letting the truth seep out.
"If you don't mind me asking, what you do for a living?"
"I guess you could say I'm an entertainer."
"Singer, dancer?"
And then the disclosure, "I entertain men, I make them very happy."
His eyes gave me another complete scan. "Stripper?" he proffered sheepishly.
"No, but you're getting closer."
At this revelatory point one of two things can happen. He desperately wants to fuck me but gets scared off OR he desperately wants to fuck me and doesn't care how much it costs.
In this particular case he took a half step closer and said touching my hand, "Care to share that bottle of wine over dinner?"
"I'd love to. The clock starts when I'm dessert. Four hundred in advance."
"If you fuck as good as you look it will be money well spent. I'm Dean."
"I'm Haley, nice to meet you."
He stopped at the ATM on the way out of the store. We left my car in the lot and drove to his house about a half mile away. He pulled into the garage and closed the door. "My wife left me and the neighbors talk."
In the kitchen he handed me a to-go menu. "Pick something and we can get it delivered quickly. I've had a hard-on since we left the store."
I slinked over to him. "Sounds like my horny devil wants to skip to dessert."
"Yes, sorry I can't wait."
He went to a drawer, retrieved a corkscrew and poured us each a large glass of the chardonnay. I sipped mine, he downed his like it was a shot glass. "I'm still hungry," he said clearing the kitchen table of anything and laying me on my back. He slowly removed my panties and went after what he really wanted for dinner.
Pulling up a chair he ate my pussy every which way he could and because I knew he would soon have a face full I warned him. "I don't care," he said looking up. "I want you to cum long and hard...then I'll get mine."
I laid back and let him do me. Most times guys were uninterested in doing much else than sticking a dick in me. This guy obviously got his rocks off getting me hot and bothered.
It didn't take long and my girl-cum covered his face and he looked up smiling. "God, I love pussy!" He stood up, pulled me up by my neck and kissed me, leaving me a taste of my own cum.
He penetrated me and the table began to rock. I arched my back and came again. "That's it, baby. Let the good times roll." He hadn't even removed my shirt to see my delicious tits. And just as I thought that he reached up and pulled off my top and fondled my braless goods. I love having my tits played with. That's just another one of those discoveries I ran into along the way to the ultimate orgasm.
I don't make a show of it but it makes me crazy.
He turned me over and continued his fun from behind and then I heard another voice.
"What have we here, big brother?"
Dean was, as the saying goes, caught with his pants down.
I couldn't see him clearly but I could hear the younger brother's zipper go down and his pants hit the floor. I decided to say nothing since Dean had so pleasurably eaten me out.
I just held on to the table top as the brothers did a relay fuck, handing my sweet little pussy off to one another, eventually covering my buttocks with their cum.
Like after a good gym workout they fell back into the kitchen chairs, "Haley, this is Paul."
When Dean dropped me back at my car he asked to see me again so I handed him my card which was nothing but a first name and number.
"If you eat me like that again," I said, "I'll have to give you a discount. Extra for the brother though."
He laughed and handed me two more bills.
I walked back in the store, my cart amazingly still in the wine section where I left it, and picked up a couple more shoppers before going home to Sasha.