For those that commented so nicely on my previous Prequel about Chrissy Thank You.
This is the beginning of the story I wrote first. It is quite a long tale and will be slow to edit and tidy up but be patient it will come. I hope you will enjoy the story; some chapters are better than others but I hope you will like them all to a degree.
As with my other story's this is set in a fictional world where there are no nasty diseases and no unwanted pregnancy. All Characters are completely fictional and over the age of consent.
I am a total amateur at this and write purely for my own pleasure, I know that my Grammar is not great and there will be mistakes, if that's a problem for you read no further I could use someone to edit these tales but why waste someone else's time.
I welcome comments as long as they are constructive, if you want to leave abusive messages about something offered to you for no charge then also feel free I won't hold it against you, after all the world would be dull without morons to brighten the day.
If my story is so dull to you that you would rather count misplaced comers and wayward punctuation, then why did you bother reading the whole thing just click the little cross and find something better written.
*****
Back home from the beach we showered and I put some food together, Chrissy was wrapped in a towel as we discussed what to do with our Saturday night. After a relaxing meal and a few glasses of cold wine we settled on a night on the town, a few bars and some fun. Chrissy set off to the bedroom to do her makeup and dress, I washed up before I went to get dressed, Chrissy was sat naked on the bed, drying her hair. Feeling playful I stepped in front of her and pushed my cock into her mouth, she took it in and sucked away with no hint of a refusal, her tongue swirling around my cock and the sensation of slipping deep in to her throat felt incredible but I didn't want to come this early in the evening so after a minute or so of enjoying her warm mouth I reluctantly pulled out, dressed and left her to get ready.
I was checking the football results, Spurs lost again!
Chrissy called ready?
She was ready looking great hair done, makeup minimal, eyes twinkling. She had a light coat on already so grabbing a jacket we left for the short walk into town.
We started at a small wine bar up on the Cliff top it was busy but we found a table in the corner and I went for the drinks, walking back I saw that Chrissy had the chair with her back to the room, I sat down opposite her and relaxed for what I was sure would be another fun evening. Chrissy unbuttoned her coat slipped it off and put it to the side, smiling she asked if I liked her outfit.
She was well almost wearing a bright red top, it was another halter neck but the front dipped almost to her naval, her cleavage was spectacular and her nipples were just about covered, her skirt was a floaty black short rah-rah skirt, all in all a great vision, with a lot of skin on display. Wishing to start the games I beckoned for her to lean towards me so I could whisper in her ear, as she did her top slipped and her left tit came into view, not just a little bit the whole perfect C cup had escaped. I asked her to lean back in her chair and show me her pussy. She leant back, her tit stayed uncovered, she moved her legs apart and sat showing all, I'm beginning to get used to the full time hard on now.
I asked Chrissy to go and get the next round, passing her the money, she tucked her boob away and went to the bar. I could see her go up on tip toes to lean over and tell the barmaid what she wanted, as she did the lower curves of her bum, came into view, I was far from the only one enjoying that view, after a few minutes she picked up the 2 pints and walked back towards me. Two things happened almost simultaneously firstly I noticed for the first time that her skirt was see through, even more so with a light now behind her, as I realised this her left tit popped out again, it obviously liked to be noticed, with a pint in each hand there was nothing she could do other than walk across the bar, back to our table. Without exception the men soaked up the events with pleasure, but some of the females seem to think they have to make nasty comments which Chrissy ignored she was having fun and didn't care what anyone else thought. I spent the next hour watching her nipples make escape attempts from time to time, and asking to see her pussy but time had come to move on, and I had a plan.
We went a short distance to another pub, it was a converted church with a balcony area around the top, it even had some old organ pipes, and pews. We stood at the bar, ordered our drinks, and I told Chrissy that I would carry her coat, she could take the drinks. The upper level on the balcony was reached by a pair of cast iron spiral staircases with fruit machines situated between the two staircases at the bottom, as Chrissy set off up the stairs I waited at the bottom stood next to a tall skinny guy pushing pound coins into the machine. As she walked up the stairs I could see up her skirt, if tall and skinny had taken his eyes off the spinning wheels for a second he would have seen a very pretty pussy in plain view as she walked up above him.
As she disappeared from view I trotted up the stairs after her, she was waiting at the top and asked with a smile if I had enjoyed the view. We found a booth and I slipped in next to Chrissy, no one could see us at the moment, but we couldn't see anyone approaching either, missing the feel of her, I kissed her and put my hand on her knee, sliding upwards I pushed up her skirt and again looked at her smooth pussy, now I had been instructed to push her so after toying with her pussy for a few minutes, I instructed her, to go down to the toilets, which are in the basement, roll over the waistband of her skirt to shorten it a bit, also to loosen the tie behind her neck which would lower the front of the top. The two sides narrowed as they tapered down to the string ties so her already mostly exposed tits would be covered by only a narrow strip of cloth, I would hover at the bottom of the basement stairs, and follow her back to the booth.
I was waiting for a few minutes when she walked out of the ladies, her top had been lowered on its neck strings, she was covered up, but if they fell out before she had no chance of keeping them covered now, her top was so low it was now almost the same length as her skirt. I'm not sure if she realised how short the skirt now was, but it can't have been more than an inch between bottom of skirt and pussy, her timing was perfect as she set off up the stairs an old guy came out of the gent's toilets, as he looked up he had the same view as I did. I heard him gasp as he set off after the pussy which was wiggling its way up the stairs. Back on the main floor I pulled her toward the crowded bar, pulling her close in the crowd I reached down and stoked her pussy, slowly edging towards the bar I continued to toy with her pussy what I was doing was hidden from view by the crowd close around us. As we parted slightly closer to the bar now, I was amazed to see that her tits had stayed covered, but only just I could see the darker colour of the edge of one nipple but nothing more. Back within the crowd I reached down and pulled down on her top a little, still her nipples stubbornly stayed hidden, the top was being held by her hard tips, but now her top was even closer to the length of her skirt. With her earlier comments still clear in my mind I moved closer and pulled her skirt down, it dropped to the floor I grabbed it and stuffed it into my pocket, she was now only wearing one item of clothing which was not really long enough.
Under the cover of the crowd no one had noticed the missing skirt, now up at the bar we ordered another drink each. I looked down to see that the top had risen back up a little and I could see even from above that her bare pussy was just peeking out from below her top. Chrissy picked up both pints and again we headed back to the stairs, at this point I realised I may have over done it. The bar was packed, and there were people crowding the entire downstairs of the pub right up to the stairway, now even before the skirt had been shortened I had seen her pussy as she went up the stairs, now her skirt was gone and her tops length was probably 4 inches less than the last time she walked up.
Again I waited, she looked back winked and set off up the stairs, after 3 steps her pussy being higher up was already being watched, as she went up at least 50 pairs of eyes followed her, mine included. I could hear comments, wow, and fuck look at that being the most common, me I just stared as she went up completely exposed. Once she had reached the top she turned to look down at me, she leant forwards a little and as she stood there the tie on her halter neck gave in and the whole thing fell to the floor, leaving her stood in front of a crowded bar naked but for her shoes and two pints.
I couldn't move it was spectacular, she squealed, put the pints down on a shelf, grabbed her top and ran for the booth only a few feet away. I was feeling a little guilty and thought that I had gone too far I rushed up the stairs planning a grovelling apology, only to be greeted by a beaming smile followed by "wow that was awesome".
I told her that the top falling off completely hadn't been my plan, to which she replied that when she had adjusted the length she had only done a half knot and she had hoped it would come undone and flash her tits. What she didn't know was that I would remove her skirt leaving her naked, not wanting to get banned as those stairs may be fun in the future. We left our beers still at the top of the stairs, and hurriedly left. As we walked towards the door there were a lot of disappointed faces as Chrissy appeared now covered by her coat, but I now had another image etched forever in my mind of her stood naked except for two pints of fosters at the top of that staircase.
Feeling that I needed to calm things down a bit we slipped into an old fashioned pub nearby, Chrissy asked for a double vodka red bull and I stuck with another pint. We found a table, and again sat next to each other, I offered her skirt back, and she said "I will put it in my bag with my top". Apparently after the stairs she had just slipped her coat on. I hadn't noticed but it wasn't a long coat and being warm she hadn't fully fastened it only 3 buttons were done up, my cock twitched as I undid the top one, getting that cleavage back into view. She put back her drink in only 2 swallows and asked for another, I went back to the bar a little disappointed as I was going to undo another button, but off I dutifully went to get a fresh drink for her. While I waited at the bar I felt my phone buzz, a text message, looking quickly I was surprised to see a message from Chrissy.
Do you drink here often?
No why?
Don't come back to me, sit at the table opposite, near that group of men,
OK
I looked around and saw a group of five middle aged guys, around my age, wearing football tops and debating the earlier game. I saw that there was a spare table next to theirs so I sat down looking across the room at Chrissy who was now sipping my pint. While the coat was still keeping her covered I could see that she had undone both of the remaining buttons and there was a narrow gap between the two halves of the coat front, I couldn't see anything but had the feeling I was about to, as she turned to face my direction the coat parted, and it was obvious that she was naked. At this point I couldn't see anything other than a 6 inch wide strip of flesh from neck down, but being sat down she had her pussy covered, the football supporters were elbowing each other and were now all very aware of Chrissy.
Once she had their full attention she stood up, slipped her coat off and walked over to me, she kissed me left her coat on the table blew a kiss at the guys and walked out of the side entrance of the pub. Watching her walk naked across the pub her ass wiggling was like slow motion, I watched until she went out of the door, I then grabbed her coat and ran after her.
The side door opened onto an alley way, as we walked out and Chrissy put her coat back on I noticed through the open window a pool table in a side room, that could be fun another day.