A few weeks ago, I'd been in this bar, and a red headed girl in the men's room stripped off, sucked my cock for a bit and jacked me off over her tits. I'd been keeping my eye out for her, but I'd not seen her again.
I was sitting in the bar with a couple of friends, when I got the feeling somebody was watching me. I looked around, to see if somebody was, when I saw her. Staring at me. I grinned at her, and she looked at the bathrooms. I nodded slightly, and when she got up, I excused myself to go and take a piss.
I met her by the men's room door. She was in yoga pants and a shirt this time.
"Go and see if the coast is clear," she said, and I opened the door and looked in. There was nobody there, so I turned and nodded, then headed in, holding the door for her to follow me. We went to the disabled stall again, and she locked us in.
"On a dare again?" I asked.
"Something like that," she said. "You know the drill."
She took a picture of us both, and texted it to her friend.
"Take off your shirt"
She pulled off her shirt, and hung it up. She seemed a lot more self assured this time, and handed me the phone to take a picture of her in her bra. I gave her the phone back, and she tappity tapped away for a bit. I stood and looked at her - it didn't look like she was wearing panties under her yoga pants. A few seconds later, it bleeped. She showed me the message.
"Have him take off bra"
She gave me the phone, and turned around so I could unhook her bra. She held it up with her arm across her tits and slipped the straps off her arms. I took a picture from behind her, and handed the phone back. Still holding the bra over her tits with her arm, she tapped away on the phone.
Without waiting to be told by him, she took her bra off and hung it up with her shirt. It was nice to see her tits again - I've been daydreaming about them at work from time to time.
She gave me the phone, and I took a picture from the front. She took the phone back and sent that to her friend as well.
Somebody came into the men's room, and shortly afterwards knocked on the door of our stall. She panicked, and reached out for her clothes, and the guy outside said "I know you're in there, Bob."
Billy. Fucker. I'd told him about her jacking me off a few weeks ago, and he hadn't believed me. But, I'm guessing, had noticed her and I heading to the bathroom at the same time.
I stopped her grabbing her clothes, and opened the door. Billy stepped in, and I locked the door behind him.
"Is this the one you told me about?" Billy asked.
Well, duh.
"Yes," I said, looking at her. "Now let's see what she's going to get told to do next."
She had an arm covering her tits, and looked at her phone. She tappity tapped away for a little while, back and forth. She showed us the message.
"Pic of you all"
She moved her arm so we could see her tits. We stared at her for a few seconds, then stood together, her in the middle, and she took a picture of the three of us.
Tappity tappity tap. The phone bleeped, and she showed us the message.
"New guy holding tits"
I figured Billy was "new guy". Lucky Billy. She gave me the phone, and he stood behind and reached around to cup her tits, lifting them for the camera. I took a picture and gave the phone back to her. Tappity tap. He replied, and she showed us the message again.
"Old guy holding tits"
So I was "old guy". Still, we didn't know her name, so I was OK with her friend not knowing ours. Billy took the phone, and took a picture of me squeezing her tits together. She took the phone back, and tappity tap. He replied, and she showed us the message.
"Undress old guy"
I stood there, and she unbuttoned my shirt and took it off. I was wearing a vest, but she unzipped my pants, and pulled them down. I stepped out of them, and she put my clothes in a pile in the corner. She went to take off my vest, and I stopped her. After all, she was still wearing her pants.
"Isn't that enough?" I asked her.
She took a picture and sent it. The phone bleeped, and she showed me the message.
"All the way if they want this to go further"
Fine. She took my vest off, then pulled my boxers down, and dropped them on the pile.
She got Billy to take a picture of us together, then took the phone back. She sent the picture. The phone bleeped, and she showed Billy, the smug prick, the message.
She helped him take his shirt off and dropped it on the pile. He wasn't wearing a vest. She undid his pants and pulled them down, then went to pull down his underwear. He balked, and pointed out that she was still wearing my yoga pants.
"Hey, I don't make the rules," she said. "Do you want to play this his way or stop playing?"
"Ask him," he said.
She texted. The phone bleeped, and she showed Billy the message.
He wasn't grinning any more, but he let her pull his underpants down, and stepped out of them and his pants. She had me take a picture of them, and took the phone back from me. She sent the picture.
The phone bleeped, and she showed us the message.
"Take off your pants"
She went to take them down and we both tried to help.
"No," she said, "I do it or we stop."
We left her to it. She pulled them down, and bent at the waist to take them off, taking her shoes off to get them off, and hung them up with her other clothes. She was wearing a tiny little thong. We stood together, and she took a selfie of the three of us, and sent it her friend. The phone bleeped.
"Both of them sucking nipples"
Grinning at Billy, I grabbed her left tit and sucked the nipple. Seeing me do this, he grabbed the right one and sucked it too.
She held the phone up high, and took a picture from above. She pushed us away, and sent it to her friend.
She showed us the latest message.
"Have new guy take off your panties"
Lucky Billy, but I got to do this last time. He ran his hands over her hips. He hooked the waistband, and pulled her thong down. She was holding her phone, and took a picture of him as he did it. He then let her step out of her thong, and she took it from him and hung it with up, then sent the picture.
"You've shaved," I noted. She was completely bald. I think I preferred her with the little bit of red hair she'd had before, but it was nice to be able to see her pussy lips this time.
The phone bleeped.
"From the front"
She handed me the phone, and I took a picture and gave it back. She sent the picture to the guy.
Somebody else came into the men's room. She put my finger to her lips, and stood there as we played with her tits - one each. The guy took the stall next to us, which was annoying.
Her phone bleeped, and we looked at the message.
"Bend over, pic from behind"
She handed me the phone and bent over the toilet. I got a real nice eyeful of her round bum, and took a picture. When she turned around, I gave her the phone back and she sent the picture. He replied quickly.
"Same, legs spread"
She gave me the phone again, and bent over and spread her legs. She looked gorgeous, and slutty, and I swear there was moisture on her pussy lips. I took the picture, and she took the phone and sent it.
"Pic sucking new guy"
She handed the Billy the phone, then knelt down in front of him and put his cock in her mouth. She looked up at him, and he took a picture of her. She dropped his cock, and took her phone back, sending the picture.
"Pic sucking old guy"
She handed me the phone, knelt down again and put my cock in her mouth. She looked up at me, and I took a picture. She took the phone and sent it.
We stood there, quietly, waiting. The phone bleeped, and she showed us.
"Pic sucking both"
This was going to be great. She gave me the camera and knelt down. She put just the tip of my cock in her mouth, then pulled the Billy closer and put the tip of his cock in too. Her mouth looked stretched out, uncomfortably. She looked up at me and I took the picture.
She stood up and took her phone back, and looked at the picture, then sent it to her friend. Her phone bleeped almost straight away. Of course it did, he was waiting for her to do as he told her, and it's not like he was going to be anywhere else, doing anything else, was it? She showed us the message.
"Suck off new guy, don't swallow"
Lucky Billy again. Still, I figured I'd get my turn soon enough. She took some toilet paper and wiped the toilet seat, then sat down. She gave me the phone to take pictures.
She pulled Billy closer and went down on him. I'd decided last time that she was good at this, and took pictures as I watched her - she stroked his balls, and I slowly jacked my cock. After a couple of minutes, he came in her mouth, groaning as he did so.
When he was done, she took Billy's cock out of her mouth, and held it next to her face with her mouth open so you could see his cum. I took a picture, and she took the phone back and sent it. When her phone bleeped, she showed us.
"Does he want you to spit or swallow?"
Obviously Billy pointed to swallow. She tapped back and forth for a few messages, then reached for the toilet paper and spat Billy's cum out, wiping her tongue. Tappity tap. Bleep. She showed us the conversation.
"How many of them were there?"
"2"
"No, in the pub"
Billy held up four fingers. Tappity tap. Bleep. She showed us the message.
"New guy swap place with a friend"
Billy quickly dressed, and headed out. I locked the door and smiled at her, while still jacking my hard cock slowly. Whenever it started to leak pre-cum, I'd wiped it on my thigh.
Tappity tap. Bleep. She showed me the message.
"Suck off old guy, don't swallow"
She gave me the phone and took hold of my cock. I'd been daydreaming about this, and watched her put it in her mouth, and start sucking. I remembered the phone and started taking pictures. Damn, she was good - she swirled her tongue around the head and quickly, I was cumming. Again, she held my cock by her face and posed with her mouth open for the picture. I took a picture and gave her the phone back. She sent it to her guy. The phone bleeped, and she read the message, then spat my cum into toilet paper, then went back to tappity tapping.
There was a soft knock at the door. I immediately opened it, and hustled John in. She put her finger to her lips to tell him to be quiet, and he just stood there, staring at us, well, mostly her, naked.
I whispered in his ear "play your cards right, and she'll suck you off."
She tappity tapped for a while, then showed us the message.
"Pic of you together"
She gave me the phone and stood by John, and I took a picture of them together. I gave her the phone, and she sent the picture. She showed us the reply.
"Undress him"
John stood there and let her undress him. She gave me the camera, and I took a picture of them standing by the wall. She sent it to the guy. She showed us the reply.
"Pic sucking new guy"
She gave him the phone and sat back down. She put John's cock in her mouth, and looked up at him. He took a picture of her sucking his cock. She took his cock out of her mouth and took her phone back to send the picture. Bleep. She showed us the message.
"Old guy swap place with a friend"
I got dressed, and headed out to tell Drew to come in next. She locked the door behind me, and I walked back to the table.
Billy had obviously been talking to Drew, as he got up as I got there. I clapped him on the back as he headed off to the men's room, and sat down opposite John.
"That was fucking incredible," he said.
"I know," I told him. "I have no idea what I did to deserve this, but when she nodded at me to go to the toilet, I almost came in my pants right there."
"That was the best blow job I've ever had," he said.
"Yeah," I said, "and right now she's probably sucking John off."
"It's just a shame she didn't swallow. I love it when they swallow."
"Yeah," I said, "but all four of us?"
"I guess," he said.
We sat and made idle chit chat about previous girlfriends and sexual escapades, but we were both watching the toilet.
After about ten minutes, John and Drew came out together. They were both looking pretty damned pleased with themselves.
"What the fuck was that about?" asked John as he sat down.
"I have no idea, I ran into her a few weeks ago, and then today, obviously," I said.
"So she's sucked you off before?" asked Drew.
"No, she jacked him off over her tits," said Billy.
"You too?" asked Drew.
"No, this is the first time I've met her."
"So did she suck you both off?" asked John.
"Yes," I said. "You?"
Drew nodded.
"Wait a second," I said, "I haven't seen her come out yet."
We all got up, leaving our glasses, and headed back to the toilet. If she was still there, maybe we could set up another date. Or figure out what was happening. Or just see her naked again.
The disabled stall was empty, so we sadly went back to our table. I told them everything I knew about the mystery girl, which wasn't much. We figured she'd left to see her guy friend, and that the night was over - how do you top you and your mates getting blown by a naked girl? We headed out, and went our separate ways home.