When my wife announced to me one day that she and her girlfriends were going lingerie shopping for husband "stocking-stuffers" (she seemed to think that was very funny), I was mildly surprised but more than thrilled. We'd been married almost four years and, while we still loved each other very much, things had gotten a little stale in the bedroom. I was all for anything that would liven it up, especially if it showed more of an interest on her part. I hadn't really been looking forward to the holidays, with all the family and office parties, but that suddenly changed.
I doubted she had been the one to initiate it, of course. I knew all her "girlfriends," as I was friends with their husbands as well and we all tended to hang out together, on and off, as couples. Of them all, Sara (my wife) was nowhere near as open-minded as Rachel, and even Deborah and Lori had shown a more racy side than my wife on the times we all got together and drank.
I'll always remember the time everyone came over for Halloween and Rachel and Lori dressed as "vampire hookers" -- supposedly without coordinating beforehand. I was shocked that their husbands would let them do it, since the costumes were pretty risqué and showed off their aerobicized bodies with amazing effect. My wife and Deborah had been a nurse and an angel, respectively, and they both looked good, but nowhere near as sexy as the other two. I got quite a few pinches from Sara that night for my ogling.
Anyway, their outing was set for a Saturday afternoon -- apparently they were all going to a spa first and then have a few drinks before they got down to some serious shopping (none of us were alcoholics, but it seemed like whenever the wives were together there was drinking involved). There was a game on and Rich, David and Joe (the other husbands) were all over watching it with me, so I was fine with the girls taking as much time as they wanted (I probably wouldn't have cared if they had taken the whole weekend, so long as Sara showed off her new bedroom attire when she got back).
The lingerie shopping spree was barely mentioned by the guys, not surprisingly. Up until then, none of us had been that open with each other about our sex lives, which I didn't think was too strange, being a guy. I think we probably felt a little uncomfortable discussing the hot night we were all anticipating. I didn't know about them, but I really wasn't planning on waiting until Christmas to unwrap my present. I'm all for holiday cheer and traditions, but it had been a long time since our last session and I was definitely all worked up. If worse came to worse, I was prepared to do some serious house-work bribery to make it happen.
The game was over around six and we hadn't heard from the girls -- sorry,women- yet, but I could tell that everyone was a little anxious. I don't remember who started it, but within minutes of the last play, the guys started making excuses to get out of there. I was sure they all wanted to be home when their wives got there, liquored up and feeling sexy. I know those were my thoughts, at least.
By the time I heard the front door open, everyone had been gone for awhile and I was already half hard in anticipation. I'm sure I had a grin on my face when my wife walked into the living room. It only faltered a little when I saw the other wives walking in behind her.
"Hi honey!" my wife called out, a little too loud. She was grinning even wider than I was, and her face was flushed -- either from drinking or from the thought of her recent purchases, I wasn't sure.
"Hi there," I answered hesitantly, staring at all of them bunched up together like schoolgirls. They all had the look of cats that'd swallowed canaries -- until they glanced around and saw that the room was empty.
"Hey, where's Rich?!" Rachel slurred, managing to sound confused, frustrated and drunk all at once.
"Yeah, I thought they were watching the game with you," chimed in Deborah. She sounded a little more sober, but I noticed that she had forgotten to zip up her sweater in the front, leaving her bra and quite a bit of cleavage fully visible.
It took me a moment to look away and process what she said, and by that time the women had all come in to the room and flounced into couches and chairs.
"Um, the game was over awhile back." I looked over at my wife. "Hon?" I was hoping she'd clue me in on why everyone was here in my house when I was hoping to get her alone and in bed. I silently wondered how long it would take to politely get them to leave.
"Oh, it's no big deal, Rachel," she said, ignoring me. She picked up one of several bags she had brought in and began going through them. "It was really a silly idea, anyway."
"What do you mean -- it was your idea in the first place!" Rachel threw back at her. She kicked off her shoes and casually put her feet up on the coffee table, not seeming to care that with her knees bent, her skirt slid down her thighs quite a bit. "Just because you're too scared to really do it doesn't mean it wasn't a good idea."
"What idea was that, darling?" I asked. I tried to nonchalantly drift towards the kitchen so I could get a better view between Rachel's legs. She was wearing black leggings under her skirt and with her legs up and slightly apart, I could plainly see the white oval of her cotton crotch puffing out slightly between her thighs. It wasn't like I was looking directly at her pussy, but considering how pretty and fit she was, I was happy with what I could get.
It was quiet all of a sudden, and fearing discovery I glanced up, but the other three women were looking at Sara. She had her head down and her face was even redder than before.
"Sara thought it would be funny if we gave you all a show," Deborah finally offered with a giggle. "You know, with what we bought today." She was lounging back on an easy chair just in front of me and facing away, and from my angle I had a pretty good view down her open sweater. I noticed now that her black bra had quite a bit of lace along the edges -- definitely not your typical work-a-day bra -- and the cup barely reached her nipples. In fact I could see a wide semi-circle of deep pink areola peeking out above each bra cup, contrasting nicely with her very pale skin.
I tried to imagine Deborah doing a catwalk in lingerie. She was the least athletic of the four, but her large breasts and curvy hips gave her a sort of sensual voluptuousness that I'd always found enticing, despite my usual preference for thin women. I decided I could definitely handle her giving me a "show."
"Do you really think we'd have gone through with it anyway?" Lori asked. She was lying back on one of our two couches, her shoeless feet up on the armrest and pointing towards me. She was wearing a skin-tight spandex shirt and runner's tights that showed off her flat tummy and athletic legs. At some point, probably when she slid down to prop her feet up, her tights had pulled up between her legs, giving her a distinct camel toe. I only caught a glimpse of it before she pulled her feet up towards her chest and turned on her side, but that was almost better, since the thin, stretchy material now showed off her perfect ass, and the camel toe was still visible -- only this time the indentation appeared where her cheeks and thighs met. I can still remember today the outline of her pussy lips and the sexiness of the whole image, likely because I knew I shouldn't be looking. My erection had now reached full staff and I barely resisted an urge to adjust it in my suddenly tight pants.
"...and with a little more wine, maybe," laughed Deborah. I had been distracted so only caught the tail end of her comment.
I heard Lori clearing her throat and her eyes caught mine. Her finely sculpted eyebrows went up inquisitively and I flushed as deeply as my wife. Before I looked away, I saw her lips curve in a knowing smile and I was positive that I was busted.
"You hear, that, Jared?!" Rachel called. "Bring out your best wine and your dream may still come true!" She laughed loudly and I knew she was just teasing me.
"How about two bottles and some Jack Daniels?" I only half joked. I'm afraid there was a plaintive note in my voice as I realized that my normally conservative wife Sara really had suggested a show and tell (or at least a show) for us guys. I wasn't exactly sure how I felt about her letting the other husbands see her in her underwear, no matter how decorative, but the thought of the other three wives displaying themselves in their fineryto memade something inside positively ache from how perfectly amazing that would be.
I knew it was too good to be true, but that didn't stop me from rummaging around the kitchen for the liquor and some glasses. I only barely heard the mumbling of the wives gossiping as I opened the bottles and brought them out to the coffee table.
"Look at that, Sara!" Rachel exclaimed when I stepped back. "I think your hubby's got his mind set on seeing us in our panties!" There were some gasps and laughter, but I just looked at my wife to gauge her reaction. I saw out of the corner of my eye that all three women were reaching for the alcohol and noticed that Rachel went for the Jack Daniels.Yes, there's definitely some hope, I thought as confidently as I could.
Sara stared back at me for several long seconds with a strange expression on her face, something between disapproval and challenge. I shrugged and smiled in what I hoped was supportive encouragement. And then she forever renewed my respect for her intelligence and my joy at having married her in the first place.
"I would have done it, but I think Rachel was all talk. What do you think, Lori?"
"Um..." Lori looked over at Rachel's narrowing eyes and smiled. "Yeah, she's just blowing smoke. She probably won't even let Rich see any of it."
"She's just a...apansy, you know!" Deborah giggled, taking a long swig from her wine glass.
I was a little surprised to hear the women criticize their erstwhile leader, until I remembered they might have been drinking for hours already and realized that they were probably just getting back at her for the times she had self-righteously teased them about being too prudish.
"Fine!" The word was so loud and so sharp that there was a moment of complete silence as everyone stared at Rachel. I couldn't detect even the hint of a smile. She was obviously pissed, and I was afraid she was about to get up and leave and we wouldn't hear from her for months.
"Come onladies," Rachel fairly spit at them. "It's time to put your money where your mouth is!" She downed the rest of her glass, gathered up her bags and stalked towards the hall leading to the bedrooms. Before she disappeared, she turned and glared at each of them, her eyebrows raised in challenge.
There was another long pause while the other women looked around at each other.
"Is she serious?" Deborah whispered.
Again, my wife surprised me, but forever gained my gratitude, when she took a deep breath and let it out slowly as she stood up and said, "I think she is. And if she's going to let my husband see her half-naked, I sure as hell am, too." I could definitely detect the slur in her voice then, but I like to think she made a conscious decision, in that moment, to make me the happiest man in the world.
The other two women looked at each other again, their eyes wide, as Sara picked up her bags and walked over to join Rachel, who turned smartly and went down the hall. Both Deborah and Lori seemed to glance at me at the same time, then quickly looked down again, almost shyly, as they quietly stood and picked up their bags, only fumbling a little. Deborah let out a nervous laugh as she reached over to pick up one of the open wine bottles, but didn't say anything else as she followed Lori out of the living room.
By the time all four had disappeared down the hall my heart was racing and I had to pour a glass of whiskey for myself. Part of me wondered if they would all come back suddenly, giggling and laughing at me for being so gullible, but after a few minutes I allowed myself to hope that this was actually going to happen. I even arranged the chairs and table so that they would have room to walk, and I plunked myself down in the easy chair, glass in hand and my eyes fixed on the hallway.
The butterflies in my stomach made it seem like forever, but eventually I saw a head poking around the corner. I couldn't tell whose it was, but it was quickly withdrawn and I heard some fierce whispering before suddenly Rachel's strident voice echoed down the hallway. "Cowards! Out of my way!"
When she came marching out into the living room, I almost didn't notice what she was wearing, she seemed so angry. Her eyes were narrowed and flashed dangerously as she came closer, before her head came up and she kept her eyes straight ahead. I later decided it was more adeterminedlook, but I'll admit that at the time I was actually afraid.
It wasn't until she came within a few feet of me and paused uncertainly that I noticed she was wearing a lacy white bustier, with matching garter belt, panties and hose. Classic lingerie - and damned sexy. She didn't have any shoes on, which might have disqualified her for some fashion show, but I could care less. She had a fake but attractive tan, which contrasted well with the white material. With her amazingly fit body, long blond hair, and pretty face, I almost forgot about how mad she looked. The lace and other fabric wasn't sheer enough to see underneath, but all the skin revealed by the small bikini and short bustier was enough to make me almost come in my pants. When she finally turned on her heel with a disdainful snort, I could see her cute little butt in the frilly panties and I thanked every god I could think of for giving me this opportunity.
Rachel had relaxed a little from the walk out and she managed to saunter more sensuously back to the hallway, even smiling over her shoulder and giving her butt a little shake just as she disappeared. I was sure that last move was mainly for the audience in the hallway, as her smile never made it to her eyes, which looked a little crazy even from my distance. I decided I was glad I was married to a very calm, even boring lady.
My calm, boring wife suddenly stepped out of the shadows of the hallway wearing nothing but a turquoise shelf bra and matching boy-short panties. She's not as fit as Rachel and Lori, with slightly wider hips and the barest hint of a paunch; but seeing her sashaying towards me, her full breasts spilling out over the top of the bra, nipples standing proud, a few strands of brunette pubic hair peeking up out of the low-cut bottoms, I realized I had never been so turned on. And this was my wife whom I saw naked almost every day!
Sara had apparently thought this out a bit and made a quick detour to our entertainment center. I was quite happy with that, as it allowed me to see how well her curvy ass cheeks filled out the tight panties. She put on some sort of techno-pop, which I was never a great fan of, but the beat seemed right and when my shy little wife started dancing to it, I wouldn't have cared if it was elevator music. She was really hamming it up, swinging her hips in a wide arc, doing an occasional bump-and-grind even. I had never seen this side of her, and maybe it was the alcohol, but I sincerely hoped we could recreate this again sometime.
When she got close to where I was sitting, she started thrusting her pelvis at me and I heard a giggle from the hallway where I could see three faces peering around the corner watching us. Sara didn't seem to care, and I certainly didn't. When she sat down on my lap facing away from me and started grinding her ass into me, I whispered in her ear how much I loved her and appreciated all this. She just turned her head, smiled, and gave me a long, wet kiss. After a minute she stood up, turned around and leaned over, pressing her exposed breasts into my face. It reminded me of a lap dance I had once had way back when before I was married, only this time I got to suck on the girl's nipples!
I did wonder for a moment how she had even thought of all this and how my normally reserved wife could suddenly act so naughty, but I quickly put it down to the wine and the excitement of the moment. It wasn't until later that she revealed she had been fantasizing about it for quite a while, and even later that I realized she had been planning on doing this in front ofallof the husbands!
I have to admit that, at the time, part of me was hoping the next wives in line would take note of her technique. I doubted they would get anywhere as close to me, even in their inebriated state, but a guy could always dream, no?
When I had finished licking and sucking her nipples to full erection, she pulled away, only to squeeze and massage them for me with accompanying moans. She grinned at me before spinning around again, placing one foot carefully on the armrest and pushing her ass into my face. -- Nowthatdefinitely reminded me of a lap-dance, and even in the middle of it all I remember doing a double-take (I swear I've only had a few lap-dances in my lifetime, but I have a feeling that they're all pretty similar). When we finally talked the next day about what had happened, Sara admitted she had watched an instructional video on stripping in preparation, which, at the time, I thought was really cool of her, if kind of out of character.
Anyway, I couldn't help but kiss what was presented to me, and she responded by pressing back further and grinding her thinly covered crotch playfully against my nose. When she pulled away and stood up a minute later, she had an acute and very moist camel-toe, and I was hard as a rock. My nose was covered in the delicious smell of her arousal and my tongue still felt the ghost-sensation of a soft, pliable bump of a clitoris rubbing against it. I was almost ready to call it quits and take her into the bedroom, if I hadn't been so curious as to what else might be coming my way. I was in a daze as she walked off, swinging her hips to the music all the way back to the hallway.
I never did get used to that techno-pop dance music, but ever since then the sound of that pounding rhythm never fails to give me a hard on.
There was a long pause before the next one and I was finishing a second glass before Deborah's smiling face came around the corner. She really has a gorgeous smile and, combined with her friendly, fun sense of humor, I had already liked her quite a bit. When she came towards me in a sheer pink teddy that showed off all her sensuous curves, I fell in love. With all her spins and dancing around, showing off her full but firm butt, it wasn't until she got close that I noticed her hands were over her breasts most of the time. When she stopped in front of me, she winked at me and removed her hands, revealing that the bra part of the teddy was cut away in the center of each breast, revealing very large, very pink, and very erect nipples.
Deborah smiled shyly and blushed (the first time I'd seen her appear that way). I thought it was because of her nipples being bared a foot in front of my face (which would make sense), but then she turned to look back at the hallway, as if to see if anyone was watching. I looked, too, and it was dark, but it didn't seem as if anyone was there at the moment. When I turned back, Deborah had reached between her legs and was slowly pulling down a Velcro flap at her crotch, where I was treated to the wonderful sight of a well-trimmed patch of strawberry-blond pubic hair and, finally, the completely denuded lips of her pussy.
I felt my mouth go wide and I'm sure I started salivating. I hadn't seen another woman's pussy in at least six years -- unless you count movies or the internet -- and the effect was like having my brain sink into my groin while the rest of my body lit on fire (or something like that). I literally couldn't think. If I had had control of my limbs I would surely have reached up to grab her ass and pull her against my face. It didn't help at all that she appeared to be at least a little turned on by the whole thing, as there was a definite glint of wetness on her lips.
She must have seen my gaping mouth as she said, "Mmm...don't tempt me. Sara wouldn't like that very much, would she?"
Fortunately, she decided to reach over and take the glass from my frozen hand, giving me more time to devour her with my eyes. She sipped at it, coughing only a little, then reached down to briefly slide a finger between her pussy lips before reattaching the Velcro, much to my disappointment. She looked back at the hallway again, and then leaned over. I thought she would kiss me, but instead she brought her moistened finger to my lips, letting me taste her. I sincerely hoped my wife hadn't seen that, but most of me was concentrating on how sweet her pussy tasted and how the sensation and flavor was making my nostrils flare and my whole body tingle.
Unfortunately, Deborah had to head back, but I enjoyed watching her hips sway and imagining what it would be like to lie with her fully naked. With every move she just seemed to exude sexuality, and I wondered if there was any chance this would go further.
I quickly cut off that line of thought with a shake of my head. It was highly unlikely, even in the girls' inebriated state, especially with my wife there. Besides which, I had no interest in screwing things up with Sara. I firmly and adamantly decided in my mind to quit looking a gift horse in the mouth and to just enjoy the incredible experience that had, almost literally, landed in my lap.
After a few minutes that seemed to drag on forever, I began to worry whether that was the end of the show. I was very grateful for what I'd seen (and tasted, and touched), of course, but I was a bit disappointed, nonetheless. I almost poured another glass, but hesitated drink it. If therewasmore to come, I didn't want to be completely zonkered and I was already feeling a little loopy as it was.
Finally, I heard voices and saw some shadowy movement down the hall and my heart rate sped up again in anticipation. It was my wife, though, looking apologetic and wearing the same outfit, and I felt my shoulders slump.Oh well, I thought,how many guys get to see evenoneof their wife's friends in their underwear, anyway?I definitely had enough to fantasize about for years to come.
"Sorry, honey," my wife started, and I tried to keep the disappointment off my face. "We had a little willpower issue, but the wine has finally kicked in." I noticed that she held the other bottle, now empty, and she set it next to the full one on the coffee table. I couldn't help but grin as her meaning slowly hit me.
"There's just one thing, though..." She hesitated and looked away, a pained expression on her face. "The girls think it would be easier if you were undressed as well. At least Rachel and Deborah do. Lori...well, Lori is a bit out of it now."
"What do you mean?" I asked, the relief I had felt at hearing the show might go on quickly being replaced with nervousness at the thought of baring myself, even down to my boxers. I mean, it was only fair, I suppose, but I suddenly thought of how long it had been since I last worked out and whether the other wives would think I was attractive. I was still in pretty good shape, but I couldn't help but feel self-conscious. Hypocritical? Maybe. But I couldn't help it.
"Well, Lori thinks that you should be...naked. You know - all the way." Sara said, her eyes fixing on mine.
Uh, oh. I certainly hadn't been prepared for that. I don't care how many porn stories you read, or how much you drink, every man is at least a little insecure about letting it all hang out to unknown critics -- meaning women. I mean, my wife tells me I'm pretty thick, and long enough for her at seven inches...but that doesn't mean I wasn't pretty nervous at the thought of having three other wives examining me -- and likely comparing me to their husbands.
"What doyouthink?" I managed to ask after a short pause so I could swallow. I wasn't sure if she was just teasing me, anyway.
"I..." Sara's voice broke and she cleared her throat. I noticed that her cheeks were quite red. The rest of her body seemed flushed as well (and I could see a lot of it, as she was still wearing the sexy underwear she had on from earlier). "I'm ok with whatever," she looked away again, then sat down next to me and began nervously stroking my leg. Her hand slid dangerously close to where my erection was pushing up against the pant leg.
"Loriwaspretty hesitant to even come out of the bedroom, so if that's what will do it...?"
She bit her lip, but when she looked at me her lips curled up in a barely-contained grin. I could tell by her wide eyes and her rapid breathing that she was at least as excited as she was embarrassed. I glanced down to see her nipples standing out stiff as I'd ever seen them and I almost wished she drank more often, if it affected her libido this much.
"Doyouwant me to?" I asked again. Her hand had found my cock by then and was squeezing it through my pants. I was becoming more interested by the second in the idea of getting naked, though there was still a queasy knot in my tummy - probably dating back to adolescence - at the thought of a bunch of girls (women)seeing me with a hard-on.
This time Sara kept her eyes on mine and her fondling became more aggressive. "It kind of...turns me on," she said, her voice low and throaty. Her nostrils flared and her eyelids lowered a bit, as if saying it out loud was exciting in and of itself.
Her smile came out in full force then, and I couldn't help but smile back. I didn't say anything else, but I didn't stop her as she began unbuttoning my pants, leaning forward to kiss me as she unzipped them. She lifted off my shirt first, then had me stand as she slid my pants down, her eyes on my face the whole time until she reached out to pull my boxers off. For some reason I was a little ashamed of the big wet spot on the front of them, and when she finally pulled them down and my cock sprang up to point at the ceiling, it felt like it was the first time she had ever seen it.
After a moment spent gazing at it, she smiled up at me in approval and I felt a little better. I looked over at the hallway, though, to see three intense faces watching us from the shadows and I suddenly got nervous again. Sara looked too and quickly took me in hand, literally, and began stroking. I gasped as she brought her mouth down over the head and rolled her wet tongue all around it. I closed my eyes and tried to forget about the audience, enjoying this rare occurrence for all it was worth.
Sara had never been all that into blowjobs, and they were even more infrequent since the wedding, especially after several years of marriage when sex in general had slowed down. Right then, however, she was a woman possessed, and by the time she had my full length in her mouth, one hand fondling my balls and the other stroking my ass, I was almost over the edge. I practically yelled for her to stop and had to push her head back or risk losing it. I usually had big orgasms, but I'd never been one to get hard again right away and I honestly didn't want to look bad in front of her friends.
She gave me a half-smile in mock disappointment, then wiped her mouth of saliva and pre-cum and pushed me back on the chair. With a melodramatic sigh and a long squeeze of her pussy through her panties, she turned and walked back towards the hallway, stopping to turn up the music on the way.
"Okay, Lori, he's all yours," I heard her say as she disappeared.
To say I was excited waiting for Lori's appearance is a huge understatement. Of all the wives, Lori had the best body -- even better than Rachel's -- and her cute face seemed to remind me of every cheerleader and sorority girl I had ever lusted after, all rolled into one. She was also a bit stand-offish and we had barely exchanged more than a few sentences since I met her. I hadn't really been surprised to hear that she had been the one to get cold feet. And now to know that she was about to walk out in her underwear, just for me to ogle, about blew my mind.
I was somewhat confused when Deborah appeared, wearing a laced-up black leather corset with thigh-highs attached by garters, with a tiny matching bikini. Stiletto heels, the first foot-wear I had yet seen, completed the picture. Definitely not disappointed -- as she looked hot in a dominatrix sort of way, especially when I noticed a long black riding crop in one hand -- but confused. As I watched, imagining what fantasy she was planning on acting out with her husband with that get-up, she walked over to the wall switch and dimmed the light quite a bit. Then she turned, just as a new song with a heavy beat came on, and I saw Lori appear at the hallway entry, several hands pushing her from the shadows.
Even in with the lights down, I could tell she was nervous, despite all the wine she must have drank, as she kept adjusting her outfit and looking back to whisper at the girls in the hallway. Finally, though, she took a few steps out and when she spotted me she forced a smile and brought her head up. I don't know about her, but the minute she came fully into view, I forgot all about her hesitancy. I barely noticed the few stumbles on her way from the hallway to my makeshift run-way between the couches. By the time she arrived in front of my chair, she looked confident, if a little woozy. She cocked her hip in a half-turn away from me that I'm sure I'd seen from cat-walk models on television. She did two more turns with almost perfect grace, as if she really were a model displaying herself for an audience. I could hear Deborah in the background describing the style of lingerie Lori was wearing, but it was like distant white noise that barely registered on my dazed psyche. I must have paid attention to some of it, though, as I somehow remember the name of what she was wearing, and I'm not a very knowledgeable aficionado of lingerie (I just know what I like!).
Lori wore something called a "Champagne Solstice Body" which translated to a nearly sheer, dark-red body briefer, but with indescribably intricate patterns of delicate lace that looked incredibly expensive. It had a plunging neck-line that revealed all of her cleavage, including a hint of areola. In the low light, her nipples showed as darker spots of color through the thin material. She wasn't hugely endowed, but her pert, grape-fruit sized breasts could not have been displayed with better effect. The scalloped-lace hem of the outfit angled diagonally upwards from where her thighs met, tap-pant style, and when she turned away I could see that the edge hugged her cute little ass just above the crease of her cheeks. I could not have imagined anything more lovely (and I don't believe I have ever used that word in a sentence), but at the same time sexy as hell.
It wasn't until she got within a couple feet of me that I realized how sheer the thing was. I could clearly see her brunette pubic hair, trimmed into an inch-wide wide line leading downwards. It was difficult to see what lay below that, however: two wide bands of black lace began right where her clit would be and ran down between her legs. The material was puffed out about an inch or so -- from the bulge of her labia, I guessed -- and I thought I saw a few stray pubic hairs poking out, but her pussy was effectively hidden. I couldn't tell if the crotch was closed by buttons or Velcro or what, but it was obviously made to be accessible. Somehow, not being able to see her pussy, yet knowing it could be exposed with a small stretching of cloth, made the whole package even more enticing.
I had been staring at her crotch for far too long when I realized she hadn't moved for awhile. I hoped I wasn't beingtoorude (I thought I should get a little break under the circumstances) and I glanced up to see if she was angry.
Lori was doing her own bit of ogling, it seemed, staring directly into my lap, her mouth slightly open and her eyes wide. The reminder that I was completely nude, with my obvious erection fully exposed, made my stomach turn over for a moment and I had a flash-back to a semi-imagined universal male memory of my dick getting stiff just when I was called to the front of the class. No one besides my wife had seen me naked for a long time, and I have to admit that I barely stopped my hands from grabbing a pillow to cover myself.
For better or for worse, Lori kept me from worrying about that for very much longer. The song had finished and another was starting up; this one slower but with an even deeper bass beat, like jungle drums. Lori smiled as if she recognized the tune then leaned over to grab my hands and pull me up out of the chair.
Unfortunately she was definitely drunk and leaned back with all her weight, pulling me up a little too fast. She nearly lost her balance as I banged against her, and for a moment we clung to each other on the verge of going over backwards. It wouldn't have been so awkward if we had been drunk at some party -- in fact, I probably would have thought it was funny, with a mild rush for being able to hold this beautiful girl so closely. In this instance, though, she was wearing sexy underwear and I had a raging hard-on with nothing covering it. The moment before my chest bumped into hers I felt the head of my cock bump against the lacy material between her legs, then push through it to an accompanying tiny sound of ripping.
I immediately knew something was wrong, but we were still teeter-tottering, trying to regain our balance. I heard her giggle and then heard the answering laughter from the hallway at our predicament. What they didn't know and even Lori hadn't seemed to realize yet was that at least a couple inches of my cock was now buried in something very warm and wet, and I had a good idea what it was.
As soon as we stopped swaying, I pulled back from her, tugging my cock out from where it had lodged. It was then that she gasped and we both looked down to see the wet tip bobbing there just in front of her thinly covered pubic mound. My heart stopped and I held my breath, waiting for her scream of outrage. It wasn't my fault at all, I knew, but I doubted that would make any difference to a drunk girl who had just had her pussy violated.
A few excruciatingly long seconds passed in which we just stood there holding each others arms, her looking down at my cock with a perplexed expression on her face and me trying to appreciate my last moments of marriage. I realize now that I was being melodramatic, but I wasn't thinking too clearly at the time, and really, there was no way to predict how the women would react, despite the fact that they had put me in that situation in the first place.
When Lori shook her head and started swaying to the music, pulling me with her, I breathed a long sigh of relief. My adrenaline was racing, though, and I knew it would be a long time before I could relax again, especially as I was still naked.
Even that bit of relative calm proved to be short-lived, however, as I suddenly felt Lori press closer and lay her head on my shoulder as we danced. My cock was now brushing against her abdomen and I'm sure she felt it through the thin lace. Fortunately, the darkness and the angle of our bodies kept Deborah and the others from seeing what was happening, because a few seconds later I felt her hand sliding in between us, her fingers seeking out and finding my cock.
I really don't remember what I was thinking for those next couple of minutes, as Lori explored, squeezed and stroked my length and even further down to my balls. I do know that I didn't protest one bit. I'm sure I was hoping the song would go one forever.
After a minute, though, Lori in her drunkenness took it a step further. With her free hand she turned my face towards hers and I felt her lips searching for mine. I think I was just in awe of the moment and the fact that my wife's hottest girlfriend -- one of the prettiest girls I'd even seen, in fact -- was kissing me. Again, I didn't protest at all.
I suddenly heard a loud "Hey!" and I recognized the voice of my wife and felt the vibration of feet coming across the wood floor. I tried to pull away then, but Lori's hand was on the back of my head, holding me tight while her tongue swirled around mine. My eyes flew open in panic and I saw beyond Lori's beautiful long brunette hair an angry Sara glaring at me from six feet away, with Rachel and Deborah holding her back.
"Calm down, Sara," I could hear Deborah's soothing voice. "It's no big deal."
"Yeah, girl," Rachel chimed in. "This was your idea in the first place. I thought you said you wouldn't mind."
I barely heard her response as Lori was completely ignoring them: I grunted against her mouth as I felt her directing my cock downwards to press again against the crotch of her outfit.
I thought I heard Sara say "I was just kidding before!" And then, "Anyway, all the guys aren't here," or something to that effect. I lost the rest of their discussion as I realized that itwasa Velcro crotch closure on Lori's "Solstice Body," or whatever it was called, and it was now quite open. The second thing I realized was that Lori was extremely wet. Before I knew it, she had squeezed the fat head and two or three inches of the shaft past the tight opening of her vagina. I felt her other hand squeezing my butt cheek to pull me in closer, but since she was a little shorter than me, the angle wouldn't let much more go in without me bending down.
Lori was still lucid enough to keep her back to the other wives as we danced so they couldn't see what was going on. I risked another look in their direction and noted that Sara had allowed herself to be pulled back a few yards, and in the shadow I couldn't see the expression on her face. I was sure it couldn't have been good, but I could barely imagine what it might have looked like if she knew what was going on between Lori's legs right then.
I knew I should have pulled out and away at that point. I wasn't totally wasted, after all. But...for every small movement of our bodies, Lori's pussy would grind against me, the lips caressing my shaft as the few inches that were inside were pushed this way and that along the soft walls of her vagina. The friction along the sensitive skin of the corona was enough to make me bite my lip to keep from groaning in pleasure. At the same time, her firm breasts pointed upwards to such a degree that when they brushed against my chest, her hard nipples were high enough to rub against mine. As if that wasn't enough, she had begun sucking on my tongue like it was a little cock, mirroring what was going on between her legs.
Add all that to my feeling, at least at the moment, that she represented all the most beautiful girls I had always lusted after but never had a real chance with, and you might understand why I hesitated to pull away.
Even if those sound like the excuses of a horn-dog, I don't regret it -- well, not very much, anyway. I do feel bad if Sara hadn't intended any of that to happen, which she probably didn't, but it wasn't really my fault to begin with and one day I will die with a silly grin on my face still remembering that amazing moment.
For all that, the whole thing still had the potential to turn out very badly for me.
Apparently, Lori was getting pretty worked up by that point. I could hear her breathing hard and she was beginning to let out little whimpers and moans that I was worried the others might hear.
I wasn't sure exactly how it happened -- though I suspect Lori was the cause -- but suddenly we lost our balance and I was falling backwards against the chair. I didn't land in it, but fortunately my shoulders hit the cushion, so my fall to the wood floor wasn't as painful as it could have been.
The first thing I realized after the shock of hitting the floor had passed was that Lori had landed squarely on my pelvis, her legs suspiciously straddling my hips as she sat, bracing herself with her hands against my chest. The second and hardly unpleasant thing that I realized was that I was now buried to the hilt in Lori's pussy. I looked down between us to see the barest hint of white cock glinting between the deep red of her distended pussy lips, which by then had been pushed and pulled completely free of the split crotch of her body briefer.
I looked up into her eyes and saw a heady mixture of raw lust and intense, loving desire. - I may have imagined the latter, actually, but at the time I was almost more affected by the flattery that such a gorgeous woman really wanted me, than I was by her tight pussy clamping down on my cock.
Almost.
I was now fully sheathed inside her whenever she pushed back against me, and when she moved, the sensations all along my cock, from the tip to my balls, were indescribably delicious.
It only lasted a few strokes, but I will always remember every detail of them, from the tickling of her pubic hair against my abdomen as she slid forward, to the soft pliable wetness of her labia against my scrotum when she bottomed out.
The tightness around my cock was almost enough by itself to make me come, but the pressure against the tip when it pressed against her cervix was what really put me over. I think it must be instinctual, and the penis realizes that it's close to the prize or something. In any case, it must have had a similar effect on her, since after the third stroke she held still, grinding her clit against my pubic bone while her whole vagina began to rhythmically contract. There was no way, especially after all the previous stimulation, that I could hold back in the face of those incredible sensations.
I was glad she chose that moment to kiss me again , because it helped to cover both of our moans as I felt my balls match her contractions and my penis convulse inside her. I don't know how I managed it, but I must have still had some amount of rationality and willpower remaining to me, because just as the first spurt shot up through my cock, I lifted her hips up so that my cock popped out of her with a loud wet sucking sound.
My pulling out of her probably had more to do with fear, honestly, as I had no idea whether she was on the pill or not. I had no wish to explain an unwanted pregnancy to my wife - if she didn't kill me anyway for what had just happened, of course.
I will always owe Deborah for saving me that day, though I have tried many times to repay her in small ways. Before anyone else could really tell in the darkness and confusion what exactly had happened (or so I hoped), I felt Lori being pushed off of me. When she had slid off to the side, her knees splayed unceremoniously, I looked up to see Deborah kneeling next to me, her anxious face staring down at the evidence of my guilt.
Fortunately, she had placed herself between me and the other two women, because I could feel my cock jerking several times, spurting the remaining cum all over my stomach and abdomen. When my body stopped quivering from the pleasure of that toe-curling orgasm, I looked down to see a white creaminess coating much of my cock, in addition to the pool of ejaculate on my belly. My heart went into my throat at the thought that I actually hadn't pulled out in time and that the first shot had gone inside Lori's pussy. I never did find out for sure, and for months I prayed that it had just been her arousal-induced lubricant that I had seen, but Lori never reported a pregnancy from that night - at least not to me.
I winced when Deborah reached for me, not sure if she wanted to be the first to punish me, but then I saw she had a pair of panties in her hand and she quickly wiped my cock and belly, leaving only the gleam of wetness. She gave me a very strange look, part arousal and part accusation, but at the moment I didn't have time to follow up on it.
"What the hell is going on?!" I heard my wife yell from behind her. Deborah was still bent over me, so Sara and Rachel couldn't exactly see the state of my slowly wilting penis at that point.
Deborah looked a little panicked for a second but then a smile came to her lips and she grabbed a hold of my shaft and began stroking. She turned her head to look at Sara and I heard her say with a note of guilt, "I couldn't help myself. You and Lori can't have all the fun, you know!"
I glanced over Deborah's shoulder to see Sara looking livid, obviously having spotted my cock in her friend's hand. I felt a strange rush of excitement I'd only felt once before, when I was in a car wreck; in that brief micro-second right before the other car hit, when I knew there was nothing else I could do to stop imminent destruction and possible death. I felt very alive in that moment.
Ironically, I also felt my cock give a jerk of response to Deborah's continuing ministrations and begin to swell and lengthen again.
Sara's eyes bulged and her mouth opened, but only a squeak came out, like she was so angry she couldn't even speak. I tried to enjoy my last few seconds before the end came.
"Sara! Come on, now..." I heard Rachel's surprisingly calm voice and saw her firmly pull Sara around to face her. I winced as I expected to see Rachel get hit. Sara had never been violent before, but then I'd never seen her this angry, or from such good cause.
"You talked about this yourself, remember?!"
I wasn't sure if I had heard Rachel correctly. I definitely didn't understand what she was talking about. I glanced at Deborah, who gave me a wink and then stared hungrily down at my stiffening cock.
"But...!" Sara sputtered.
"Don't try to deny it. We all heard you. Isn't that right, Deborah?"
Deborah grimaced, but slowly nodded her head. "Yes, actually, she did," she answered breathily. I guessed that she was starting to react to what was going on in her hand. I can't imagine she often had a chance to hold another man's cock, no matter that she was just doing it to help cover for Lori and me.
I risked turning my head to look for my short-termed lover and noticed that she was half-hidden from Sara and Rachel by the couch. That was for the best, I decided, because she was only just beginning to recover and sit up and her legs were still spread wide as she tried to get her feet under her. Even in the low light, I could see that her pussy was open and raw, covered in an obscene mix of pussy juice and what I guessed was one of my spurts of cum. I silently willed her to move faster or at least cover herself. I had begun to think that, with the help of providence and my quick-thinking angel of salvation (who was currently jacking me off), I might be able to survive this.
"I meant...if everyone was here." I heard a hint of uncertainty in Sara's voice and hoped that Rachel or Deborah would follow up on it. I was curious as to what my wife could have been talking about, but even more interested in saving my hide and avoiding a possible divorce.
"I didn't even think it would really happen, you know..." continued Sara before anyone could jump in.
"What?!" Lori had finally recovered herself and was shakily getting to her feet. Her tone was surprisingly even, though, and the incredulous sarcasm was obvious in her next question. "So that whole thing about 'share and share alike' and the pinky swear and all that...you were just joshin', huh?"
Lori was standing now, with a hand barely touching the back of the couch to steady herself, and the two of them glared at each other with more venom than I had expected. I was just glad, though, that I hadn't been included in the argument yet. If I could have quietly snuck away at that point, I would have, despite the good feelings still coming from Deborah's stroking. I had thought she would have stopped by then, since the purpose of distraction had been fulfilled. I wasn't complaining, though.
"I was drunk!" Sara yelled, her heavy slur indicating that she hadn't exactly sobered up. I wondered then what had happened to that second bottle of wine. None of them seemed too clear-headed at the moment.
"Maybe she just wanted to play around with Rich!" Lori grinned evilly at Rachel. My chest constricted in fear of Rachel's reaction. What had happened a couple years before on a camping trip was still a sore point between the wives. It hadn't seemed to matter that everyone was drunk and it was arguably a case of mistaken identity. Sara had been a little too free even before that with her complements of Rich, and Rachel would always believe that she had wanted it to happen.
Rachel didn't have to say anything. The tightening of her lips and the flaring of her nostrils was enough. Sara flinched, probably reacting instinctively. I honestly believed she'd been an innocent and unwilling recipient of Rich's carnal desires. It was water under the bridge in any case, as Sara had apologized profusely and repeatedly since then and showed no interest in repeating the incident.
Rachel, though, was apparently reliving the whole thing in her mind. Her anger suddenly seemed to at least match my wife's, if not surpass it. The maleness in me couldn't help but notice in the middle of all this that Rachel had changed into a new outfit. A simple bra and bikini set, but the lycra-spandex material was nude in color and almost see-through to boot. She was close enough so that I could see her red nipples standing out against the lighter color, and a glance downward revealed that she was completely shaven, since there didn't appear to be a cotton crotch to obscure her large pink pussy lips. There was even a glossy smear on the material at her crotch to give away her previous excitement.
I would say that what came next shocked me to my core, but I was so unbalanced already from what had happened that it honestly just piled on to everything else in the whole surreal tableau.
As Sara and the rest looked on, Rachel dropped to her knees at my side, pulled aside Deborah's hands with barely an apologetic glance in her direction, and leaned down towards my cock. The moment before her open mouth engulfed the head seemed to last for minutes and I simultaneously noticed Lori's envious stare, Deborah's shaking of her head in disbelief, and my wife's strange look of angry resignation.
That was the first time I ever doubted my wife's story about what had happened with Rich. I couldn't fathom how she would just stand there and allow her friend to give me a blow job right in front of her, no matter how drunk she was.
But that's exactly what she did. Rachel was apparently quite experienced, or just a natural, as she had my complete and utter attention immediately. It would take too many pages to adequately describe her technique, from the initial swirling of her tongue around the tip to its eventual arrival at my asshole, while her fingers alternately stroked and squeezed every bit of my cock in a complicated rhythm that kept me on the edge of orgasm until I thought I would scream. I found out from my wife later that I actually did scream, though I wasn't cognizant of it at the time.
Every so often Rachel would put the whole length in her mouth, somehow touching her lips to the edge of my balls in a deep-throat maneuver that I had never experienced before. She would leave the shaft and tip wet and frothy with saliva on her way up and use that to lubricate her alternately long, then staccato-quick stroking.
I don't remember much about what was going on, but when I think back, I can't remember anyone saying anything -- or even moving for that matter. By the time I felt the pressure building in my balls and I knew I was about to erupt, it seemed that everyone was just staring silently at Rachel's display of skill. I know I felt an intense guilt at seeing Sara watching her friend pleasure me, if for no other reason than that it seemed painfully obvious at the time that she had never been able to match Rachel's ability to manipulate my response.
I was literally humping my hips up toward her face and yelling incoherently when I hit the point of no return. She had stopped me a few times already with an expert squeeze at just the right time and place, but this time she let it go, speeding up her stroke and sucking gently at the tip. I only realized afterwards that her finger was knuckle-deep in my ass, pressing against my prostate.
As the first long wave of orgasm hit, I looked over at Deborah to see her eyes transfixed, her mouth open and her hands between her spread legs. She had pulled aside the crotch of her little bikini and had one hand down low, her middle finger thrusting rapidly between her engorged lips. The other hand hung over her clit while her fingers flicked back and forth with lightning speed.
I heard a moan, but from Lori's direction. Unfortunately I didn't have a chance to see what she was doing before I felt my cock strain upwards and the first load of pent-up ejaculate streamed up through the shaft and burst out the tip into Rachel's mouth. She only jerked back a little and almost immediately increased the pressure of her finger in my ass, while the other hand tightened around my shaft in a slow, milking stroke.
I almost got scared towards the end; the orgasm went on so long. Between hearing Rachel's obscene gulping sounds, the wet squelching from Deborah, the smell of arousal and the image of four ladies in sexy lingerie to stimulate my mind, I had never been so turned on or had such a powerful release. I even think the nervous sense of the forbidden - and the threat of possible repercussions, knowing my angry wife was watching - made the whole experience that much more exciting.
In the end, after Rachel had finished draining me completely and had given my cock one last kiss, I could only lay there in a semi-conscious state of bliss. I could barely feel my body and I had no interest in moving, much less confronting any of the issues that might be lying in wait for me and Sara.
Thankfully, I was left there to recuperate while the women went back to the bedroom to change. Sweet Deborah had laid a blanket on me before she joined them, and then for awhile I could only hear a distant murmur of their voices down the hall. At some point I heard whispering in the living room near me, then a few minutes later the front door shut.
When I finally opened my eyes, I was met with the vision of my wife standing over me, her long legs straddling my hips. Her face was in shadow and for a moment my stomach fluttered in fear. I even looked closely at her hands to see if she was carrying anything weapon-like.
It was then that I noticed that she had changed and was now wearing a black mesh cat-suit that contrasted well with her pale skin. Her head was framed in my line of sight by the prominent globes of her breasts stretching out the semi-sheer fabric, and just a minor twitch of my eye below that...there was split-seam crotch, and Sara was quite obviously not wearing any panties.
There was only a lamp on that I could tell, and it was on the settee behind Sara. Even with the little light there was, though, I could see her damp pussy lips glistening where they bulged down between her spread thighs.
I took a breath and opened my mouth, not exactly sure what I was going to say or what it would lead to, but liking the uncertainty even less.
Before my tongue could move, I heard a stern shushing sound from Sara. "Don't say anything," she warned me.
My heart sped up in fear and anticipation as she took two steps forward to plant her feet just to the sides of my shoulders. I stared as her knees bent and she slowly squatted down, exposing her pussy even further to the light from behind her. It was definitely wet, and very open. I could smell her excitement and I wondered if she had been touching herself earlier while watching Rachel's performance.
As Sara let her weight fall forward on her knees and her pussy squished softly against my face, I mouthed a thank-you to whoever was watching over me, for giving me the best Christmas present I could ever have hoped for.
EPILOGUE:
It had been quite a torrid night of love-making and in the morning Sara and I started up again with renewed excitement. No words were uttered, thankfully -- I think we were both afraid of what questions might come, or what accusations might be implied by battered egos. I had a renewed curiosity for what it was that made Sara feel so beholden to Rachel that she would let her give me a blow-job. For that matter, I wanted to know exactly what had been planned during their drunken girls-day outing.
I was perfectly happy to let silence reign, however, given what she had allowed me to experience, both knowingly and not-so-knowingly. I had rarely lied to Sara, and then only about relatively little things just to spare her ego. I didn't want to explicitly do so if I didn't have to (I already knew I wasn't going to risk telling her everything).
Finally, though, we had to talk about something. After a long shower where we couldn't keep our hands off each other, she laughingly pulled my cock from where it had been inquisitively probing, saying that she was too sore to do anything else for awhile. I was only mildly disappointed as I guessed that I couldn't have come again anyway. She asked if I was hungry and I volunteered to help make breakfast if she agreed to stay naked -- or better yet, to wear her new lingerie.
She raised her eyebrows at me and smiled non-commitally, stepping out to grab some towels. She threw one at me then stood watching as I dried off.
"You know, we all agreed before they left."
I looked up at her, almost guessing what she was going to say.
"We can't say anything to the other husbands. 'We' meaning you especially."
"What are you saying?" I responded. "Like I ever talk about our sex life with those guys."
"Hmph!" Her eyes narrowed. "I'm not sure you should include last night in 'our sex life'," she said, making finger quotes. "In any case," she continued while she dried her breasts, then scrubbed distractingly between her legs, "if there's even a hint that you got to see the other wives' lingerie, even in the box, Joe or even Frank are likely to cross-examine something incriminating out of someone. You know how focused guys can get on anything remotely sexual."
I looked up from drying my legs to see her smiling sardonically.
It was my turn to snort and I threw the towel back at her. "Don't worry -- I wouldn't want to mess up my chances for it ever happening again."
I knew before the words left my mouth that I had gone too far. I was only joking, but even as I said it, it didn't really sound like a joke -- probably because I would naturally love for it to happen again.
Instead of laying into me or worse -- giving me the silent treatment for the rest of the day, Sara surprised me by simply turning her head and looking at me sideways. She seemed to be contemplating her words for a moment before she took a long breath and said, "I'm glad you enjoyed it so much." She came towards me and reached a hand down between my legs, smiling dangerously. "Maybe the ladies and I can work out some equitable arrangement," she said, giving my cock several long tugs.
I interpreted her words in their most positive light, for sure, probably because she followed them by kneeling down and taking me in her mouth. It wasn't until a few weeks later that their true import came back to haunt me.
But that's for another story.