I am Karan. We are from India shifted here in San Diego, California. I have been married to my wife Priya for about five years. We married when we started working after post-graduation and ours was a arrange marriage. She was Miss Naughty when I first met her. We both liked tennis game and she was quite good. We didn't have sex until our marriage and, once we did, I found out that Priya was a virgin. She had really never had a boyfriend before me, so she wasn't experienced in the ways of dating and such. I really fell for Priya because she has beautiful black hair, athletic and very sexy in her own way. At first, she was very shy and withdrawn but, with my help, I got her to come out of her shell. When I first met her, When after marriage, we shifted tom LA, I saw her buying her skirts and outfits. Each time the skirt would get a little shorter. I made it a crusade to turn Priya into a hot little fox. After 2 years of marriage she gave birth to our daughter. After that she started working as a banker and opened up a lot. After that Priya was wearing skirts about four or five inches above her knees.
One night, before leaving the house to go to the movies, I stopped her at the door, and told her to turn around and close her eyes. As she did, I dropped down to my knees and started kissing her ass cheeks. She didn't know what I was doing but she played along. I reached up and grabbed her little black undies by the waist band, and slowly pulled them down. She must have thought I had changed my mind about going to the movies. I slid her undies down to her ankles and lifted each leg out of them, all the while kissing her cheeks to keep her off guard. When I had her undies totally off, I slipped them in my pocket and kissed her for about another minute.
Then I got up and said, "Let's go to the movies." She asked me for her undies back but I told her tonight she would have to go without them. Well, Priya had come a long way but she wasn't ready for that yet. She wanted them back. I told her No way. If she wanted to go to the movies with me, she would go the way she was. She had a dress that covered everything and nobody would know but me. She didn't like it at all but she finally gave in as always. I knew that Priya would say No, but I also knew that if I pushed her she would give in.
We had a great time at the movies. My hand found her pussy under her skirt a couple times and her cunt was as moist as it has ever been. She must have been really turned on by the thought of having no undies on.
After the movie, I took her out for a nice little dinner at her favorite restaurant. I then took her parking and she was the most turned on little girl I had ever dated. In fact, she just about raped me in the car. I knew I had found something and I was going to make as much use of it as I could. My little Priya enjoyed the thought that somebody might see her in such a condition. From now on when we went out, undies would not be allowed. I never said as much to Priya, but every time I picked her up, I would slide her undies down her leg and slip them into my pants. It always amazed me that whenever I would slip my hand under her skirt and feel her cunt, it would be very wet and slippery.
By that time, Priya had finally come out of her shell, so to speak. I had her in dresses and skirts that were about three inches below her ass cheeks. And she knew if we went out, she could never wear any underwear. Soon, I didn't even have to pull them off, she would just dress without putting any on.
A couple of times when we went out to parties, she would get a little plastered and she then wouldn't be as careful about how she positioned herself all the time. I know that a few times guys sitting across from our table got a great show of her cute little pussy, as she sat in her short skirt with her legs spread pretty wide apart. I would never mention it to her because I liked the thought of someone getting a few quick peeks.
I would come watch her play her singles partner and she would come watch when I played some of the guys.
I started videotaping her matches so she could watch them later. She always had these cute little tennis skirts on and I always thought they were so sexy. Then one day while taping her, I noticed that even though the skirt was short, you really never could see the little white pants that she wore under them. I filmed a lot of her playing and then went home and watched the tape. Nothing ever showed except if she hit an overhand shot close to the net. She would lift up some and that was the only time when her ass cheeks would come into view. In the entire match, this happened about twice. I started devising a plan right away. It was going to be a "rush" for me and an experience for Priya.
I edited the last three matches that Priya played. I didn't have to edit out very much at all, just the few times she hit an overhand shot at the net. I made sure to edit about three of four matches back. Then, I was ready.
I waited for the right opportunity and it came one night when we were watching a tennis match on TV. I knew that the player from Europe would win over the American player. Priya was sure the American player would win. I said, "Let's make a bet. If you win, you get one day of anything you want. if I win, I get one day of anything I want. And whoever loses, cannot say No to the winner."
She was so sure the American would win, she jumped right in on the bet. She was going to get a couple of new outfits, go to dinner, and maybe have her nails done, if she won. I had other plans, and was pretty confident I was going to win. The match was close but the American lost.
Priya laughed it away and asked what I wanted. I had it all planned. I said, "The first thing I want is next Saturday to be my day. And the first part of the deal is that any time you're in a skirt, you can't wear any undies." Priya laughed, she knew she never wore undies anyway when she was in a skirt, so that was any easy request.
Saturday morning came around and the first thing I did when I woke up was remind Priya that today was my day, and she couldn't say No to anything I wanted.
She agreed. Then, she reminded me she was meeting one of the girls at 3PM to play tennis but, other than that, the day was mine. I agreed and we got on with the days activities. I called a few of my friends and told them Priya would be playing a match today and I needed to go watch. If they weren't doing anything, they should bring some beer and we could watch together. About three of them said they would and I told them I would meet them there at about 2:30.
At 1:00PM, I told Priya to get dressed for her tennis match. She said it wasn't till 3:00PM but I told her I wanted to see her outfit on her now. She went and got dressed and came out wearing a white top with a blue skirt, one of her normal tennis outfits. The skirts are not real long because they don't want them to interfere with their game. Next I popped in a tape of the last match Priya played and told her to watch it. She asked why and then I explained the whole story to her. She was going to play today without any tennis under shorts on.
She thought I was crazy. "These skirts are way too small to try to play without any shorts," she said. I told her if we could see her shorts in any of the videos we shot of her, then she wouldn't have to do it but, if we couldn't, then she would have to keep her promise. She finally agreed because she knew with her running around and swinging the racket, her skirt was bound to rise up and show her shorts underneath.
Well, we watched the first match on video and not once did her shorts show. She didn't think that was good enough and wanted to see another match. I took out the next tape and we watched some more. Each match had about an hours worth of playing on the tape. Again, she could see nothing. She still didn't want to do it.
I told her I would play one more tape, and then we had to go. I would fast forward all the tapes to the parts that showed her. Again, none of them showed her shorts. I knew I was going to win this argument because she normally put up a good fight but always gave in at the end. Well, after watching the videos, she didn't have a good reason to turn down my request. Plus, she had made the promise and I had proved that no one could see anything. She just didn't know I had cut a few strokes out of each tape.
She finally relented and I moved over to her and pulled down her tennis shorts and the undies she had on under them. When I stood up, I couldn't believe what was about to happen. Five years ago you couldn't get my wife into a short dress. Now I had her going out to play tennis in a short tennis skirt and had talked her into wearing nothing underneath!
We got all our stuff together and went out to the car. We both got in and I noticed when Priya sat down, the skirt just barely covered her pussy. She still didn't think it was such a good idea, but I was not turning back. I didn't even bring her shorts because I didn't want her to change her mind before the match started. I placed my hand on her legs and slowly moved it up to her cunt. It was on fire. She was very wet and her juices were starting to run down her legs. I could tell, she was scared, but she was also excited, by the reaction I got from her cunt.
We pulled into the tennis club parking lot about 2:30. The girl she was about to play was there and a couple of other people were playing on one of the other courts, but no one else was around at the time. This made Priya feel a little better. She got out of the car and got her stuff, gave me that look like she didn't want to do it, then walked over and talked to Sue, the girlfriend she was playing today.
Sue and Priya were evenly matched. They had played together in college. Now they just played for fun. You could tell Priya was walking very carefully. They started to warm up and at first Priya wouldn't swing very hard. Then Sue made a comment that if Priya was going to play like that, she might as well go home. Priya looked around and nobody else was there but me, so she started swinging as she normally would.
I watched her closely, seeing if I could tell that she had nothing on underneath. So far, so good. I couldn't tell anything was abnormal. Sue finally said she was ready to start and they started their first game. A couple of points into the game, the older guys I invited arrived and they came up and sat with me in the stands. At first, Priya didn't know they were there. She played her usual game but Sue beat her by a couple of points.
They traded sides for the next game. That's when Priya looked up and saw me chatting with a few older guys. She didn't know why they were there but this made her nervous, just the same.
They started the next game and me and the guys continued to chat while they were playing. It was tied in the second game. Then Sue got the advantage point. What happened next stopped everyone from talking.
Priya hit a great shot that sent Sue running to the corner to try to get it. She got it but hit a high ball that was just going to make it over the net. Priya ran for the net and as she reached back to hit the overhead shot, her skirt was pulled up from the action and it was easy to see the hot little cunt of my wife.
At first, everybody had to do a double take. Then everyone got quiet, once they realized that Priya didn't have any shorts on under her outfit. Sue also saw that Priya was naked under her short tennis skirt and couldn't believe it. She looked up in the stands and saw all of us watching. Sue was in a state of disbelief.
Priya did not know her skirt had gone up that far. She was happy to get back to even with Sue. It was Sue's serve and everyone was now watching the match without saying a word. Priya did not pick up on the extra attention. Sue served Priya and they volleyed for about a half a minute. Then Priya hit a winner.
Sue was now down a point. Sue thought about it, then decided if Priya wanted to put a show on for the boys, she knew how to help. On the next point, Sue made a point to hit a high ball that Priya could slam if she wanted. This time, when Priya went to hit the overhead hit, her skirt pulled up again and everyone stared as Priya hit the winner down the corner.
Now it was tied at one game apiece and both Sue and Priya took a few minutes to get some water. I went down and talked to Priya. She asked if her skirt was staying down. I told her it was just like the video, we can't tell anything from the stands. Then she asked why the guys were there. I told her they saw our car from the street and just stopped by to say Hi to me. Sue then called and said let's get on with the match. Priya pulled her skirt down as much as she could and went back to the court. I wished her good luck and told her not to let Sue beat her again.
Priya was fired up and was not going to let Sue beat her this time. She went back out on the court and let Sue know that she was going to win this match. Sue just laughed and thought to herself that she might let Priya win, but it would cost Priya a lot to get the victory.
Priya was serving first and all eyes were on her. The guys sitting with me on the bench had not really spoken out loud since they saw Priya's skirt lift up. They would poke each other with their elbows, and they would stare real hard, but other than that, no noise came from the bleachers. I watched as Priya and Sue fought back and forth. Sue would win a point, then she would set Priya up with a high ball close to the net. She knew what she was doing. Every time Priya went after the kill shot, her skirt would pull up to just above the top of her pussy. We were sitting at midcourt, so we had a fine view of everything that was happening.
I noticed that the guys playing on the court next to ours had stopped playing and were sitting down between matches. One of them just happened to look over when my wife hit one of her kill shots. I saw his mouth drop and he elbowed his buddy to look. By the time his buddy looked over, Priya's skirt had dropped back to normal. The two talked for about a minute. Then they packed up their stuff and came over to sit in the bleachers on our court.
Priya was busy fighting Sue because she wanted to win the match. Sue was watching everything that was going on. She saw the other two guys come over and sit down. She knew why they were there. She was going to help give them a show they would never forget. She waited about three or four points then acted like she barely got to a ball and hit another high shot for my wife to attack.
Priya reached back to hit the ball and this time she had to wait a couple of seconds for it to come down. The whole time Priya's body was in the kill position her skirt was up around her waist. It was just as if she was nude on the court. Her eyes were on the ball coming down, everybody else was looking closely at her neatly trimmed cunt that was easily visible. Luckily, Priya was busy concentrating on the ball and could not tell the show she was putting on. Every time she slammed one, she would get the point, and the guys in the stands would clap a little. Priya looked up, saw us in the stands, and just sort of waved. She thought they were clapping because of the great shot she had just hit. She was never so wrong.
I saw that 3 older man came and sit behind Priya who were having all white hair and must be around 60 years of age. They sat down away from the rest of us. I could see them quietly chatting between each other. It wasn't that long before Sue was setting my wife up again. Then again the stands would clap as Priya hit a winner down the line. I checked out the older men that were watching and they too got into the swing of things, clapping whenever Priya hit a shot like that.
Priya won the second set and went to get some water. She asked how everything looked from where I was. She was afraid maybe her skirt inched up a little high once or twice. I told her I had been watching closely but I couldn't see anything. She asked if I was sure. I told her I would go get the video camera out of the car. I would tape her playing and she could watch it when she got home. That way she could feel better that nobody saw anything they weren't supposed to. Priya liked that idea a lot. I went and got the camera and went back into the stands.
I noticed Sue was giving Priya a lot of high balls now. Priya was killing every one of them, while the guys on the stands were going crazy. Out of the last ten points, five or six were high lobs from Sue. I heard the older men discussing some things down below us.
Well, the match finally ended and after the last point, everybody got off the bleachers at the same time. I saw all the older guys high-fiving each other.
Priya won the match and walked over to Sue to shake her hand. "I finally beat you," Priya said.
Sue just looked at her and smiled. "Yeah, you really got the best of me today. Good match."
As we were planning to leave the 3 older men came to us and congratulated Priya for winning the match and also suggested her few backhand shot scoring tips. They told us that they play tennis regularly.
Priya was quite impressed by their suggestions, One of them was Greg, another was Jeff, third one was Martin. These three men were in their mid 60s and were having very good built, they were all 6+ in height and quite muscular in built.