I hope you enjoy this story. This story is being told by Merilee.
Edited by DRGriffin
Mistress Sid surprises me on Saturday with new demands.
It took a few days for my body to heal from the fucking Tobias and Melville had given me. As my body healed, it craved more of that treatment. I dreamed about taking those big cocks over and over. Mistress Sid had said nothing about me masturbating during this time. I masturbated with my largest dildo both Thursday and Friday, fantasizing about being tied down and fucked by not only Tobias and Melville but many big dicked men. Each time I thought,'This is sick. Not a week ago you couldn't even consider taking this and now you are craving it.'
At ten on Saturday, I was alone cleaning the trailer. Mark was at the shelter. I heard a knock on the door. I opened it and there were Mistress Sid and an older gentleman.
They came in without saying anything. The older gentleman was a spark plug of a man. He was only slightly taller than me, barrel chested and no fat anywhere. His hair was cut short with grey on the sides and dark hair on top. He wore camouflage cargo pants. He was wearing a sleeveless black tee-shirt that showed off large arms which clearly had been pumped up.
Mistress Sid said sternly, "On your knees slave."
I dropped to my knees and said, "Yes, Mistress."
Sid said, "This is Jake. Jake's company provides security for our businesses. I am making you a gift to him. You have made enough progress that Jake is willing to make you his slut. I will still be watching. You will do everything he tells you. If you don't, well his punishment is worse than anything I can do. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"It is not enough that you are dressing to please Rod and I during our playtimes but you need to dress to please Jake. Jake how do you want Merilee to dress?"
Jake snarled, "I want her to dress like a trailer trash slut 7 by 24. She needs to think at any time I will show up and stick my finger in any of her nasty holes and I don't want to move anything to do that. I want everyone to know how magnificent those breasts are. She should be proud of them."
I hated to think about what this meant.
Sid said, "Get up slave and show me your clothing. Bring scissors and a trash bag. Can you sew?"
I said, "Yes Mistress I can do simple things. I have a small sewing machine."
Sid said, "Show me all your underwear and sleepwear."
She put all but one pair of panties in the trash bag. She cut the bra cups in half unless it was a lacy thin bra. Half my breasts would stick straight out if I wore them. I thought it would be even sluttier than no bra at all.
I said, "I can't wear those."
"Then don't. It is up to you. I am going to leave you one bra, one pair of panties, one casual and one dress outfit, in case there is a situation where Jake approves you wearing them."
"Yes Mistress. Thank you."
She then shortened my skirts and dresses, where no hem would fall below half way between knee and waist. She cut buttons off tops where I couldn't button above nipple level. She cut all my tee shirt to show midriff. It looked random how little was left to cover my breasts. She cut the lining out of top of some dresses. She cut all my shorts and jeans to where I was sure I could never wear them again.
Sid said, "Ok, let's have what you are wearing."
I was wearing a fleece set. She threw it away along with the panties and cut a big portion from the cup of the sports bra.
Sid led me back to the den nude. She reached in the package she brought and brought out the collar I wore for the blow job test night. Sid said, "You are to wear this at all times except to shower unless Jake tells you differently. This signifies you are a slave and ready to be bound any time."
She then pulled out a couple of porn DVDs. Sid said, "Add these to your collection."
Jake said, "I am going to give you a regime to follow. Part of the regime is to watch porn. It is part of training you to be a slut. I want you to watch with other people. With me or your sniveling husband or whoever visits you."
This was all I could take, as I said loudly, "Mistress Sid, I can't do this. I mean for one thing I can't have Cherry see me dressed like you want or that I have these, ah, movies. I will fuck you or anyone you want for your shows but I can't have Cherry seeing me as trailer trash."
Sid gave me a sinister look, "Jake will make you his slut. Why not admit it? You and Cherry need to come to an understanding. I have told you that. Don't you understand? I know you are a slut but I didn't think you were stupid. If you don't make it one more week this would be for nothing. I'm not paying anything until a week from Monday. After that, who are you worried about? Mark, I don't think so. Face it, you want this. You know how I know?"
I whimpered, "No mistress."
Sid said, "Because you know I am going to have Jake spank your ass and you are already seeping from the hole that continues to contradict what you think of yourself. Stick your finger in your pussy and tell me what you feel."
I did as I was instructed. Disgustedly I said, "My nasty slutty pussy is wet and excited. Oh God, it feels so good just to have my finger in there. Why is my pussy doing this to me?"
Sid said, "Beg me to give you the punishment you deserve for talking back to me and I will give you a really good orgasm."
I said, "Please Mistress punish me for defying you. I need an orgasm so badly."
She put her hand in my pussy as I bent and instructed, "Jake do the honors. I want to play with my slut's pussy while you punish her."
Jake gave me a hard smack on one butt cheek that almost knocked me over. Sid growled, "Say thank you Sir and ask for another."
I said, "Thank you Sir. Please may I have another."
Sid said, "Say that every time. He going to spank you until you give your Mistress a nice big loud orgasm."
Jake hit me again as I said, "Thank you Sir. Please may I have another."
Sid was stroking my clit with one hand while the other was trying to find my G-Spot deeper in my vagina. She found it. Jake continued to strike my ass as I thanked him and begged for more. I think he was on number ten when I felt a big orgasm coming. I said, "Mistress, here is the orgasm you wanted from your defiant ignorant slut. Oh fuck that feels good!" I said this last extremely loudly.
Sid had to keep me from falling. I heard Jake give a sinister laugh. He was enjoying my degradation. He was very intimidating.
She said, "You liked that, didn't you?"
I bowed my head and said, "Yes Mistress that was a very nice orgasm. Thank you and Mister Jake."
Sid rubbed my red ass and said to Jake, "What do you think of my slave's ass?"
Jake said, "With a little more work, her ass will look as good as her tits which are spectacular." As he said this he grabbed my right breast and squeezed.
Sid smiled, "Do you have a plan to improve her ass? You know what she has done with Regina."
"She is going to do calisthenics every morning and then run. When I finish with her, she will have built up her gluts so that her ass will stick out like J-Lo."
Sid smiled, "Wear this when you exercise with Jake today. Put it on now."
She handed me a sports bra and nylon running shorts from her bag. I put them on and they were both two sizes too small. The top and sides of my breasts were hanging out. Equally the shorts hit several inches below my navel and most of my ass cheeks were hanging out.
Sid smiled and said to Jake, "I think the neighbors will get the message. Trailer trash lives here."
Jake gave his sinister laugh, "No doubt about it." Jake handed me a smart phone, "Keep this with you at all time. I will be communicating with you often."
"Thank you for being so generous to me."
Mistress Sid, "I am going to leave you with Jake. Have fun you two."
Jake said, "Let's go on the patio to start your calisthenics. Every morning you are to do these in front like this. I want the neighbors to be entertained."
On the front was a covered patio, visible from the street. With every stretch, bend and pull my breasts and ass could be seen. I wanted to protest this but I knew it wouldn't matter. After we did about thirty minutes of very strenuous exercise that made every muscle hurt, we ran through the neighborhood with my tits flopping and most of my ass cheeks jiggling for all to see.
Jake did everything I did and when we finished I was breathing very hard. He was hardly breathing. When we got back inside, he pulled off his clothes and instructed me to do the same. I expected to be fucked and I hate to admit it I wanted this mean man to fuck me hard.
He was solid muscle. Six pack abs, big thighs, solid pecs, and a penis that was about the same length as Jerome but with the girth of Tobias, just not as long. It was a beautiful dick. I wanted it.
As we both drank large glasses of water he said, "You played sports at some time, didn't you?"
"Yes, in High School I played basketball. But it has been a while since I ran like that."
"You kept up with me pretty well for someone that hasn't been doing it lately."
I was so happy with the complement, "Thank you Sir Jake."
He said, "You need to eat more but for now drink this. I want you to drink one every morning you work out." I didn't know it but he had put energy, protein enhanced drinks in my refrigerator.
After we finished our drinks he instructed, "Show me your sex toys."
I had returned Mom's vibrator, so all I had was the large dildo and lube.
He laughed, "This won't do. All good sluts have a complete set of toys. Do you have an anal plug?"
"No sir."
"Ha. This won't do. We will fix that. For today, use your hands or the dildo. I want you to masturbate at least fifteen minutes a day but don't have an orgasm without my permission."
I said, "I don't understand. You mean you want to watch me masturbate?"
"This time I will. If I think you did it well, then I may allow you to have an orgasm. I want you to practice every day being stimulated but holding off until I say you can have an orgasm. Some days we will do this over the phone. You need to learn discipline. Now no more questions. I want to see you fuck your pussy."
I sat on the couch and put my feet up. I started by massaging my breasts and pinching my nipples. He sat in the chair across from me to watch. He penis was now very hard. It really was thick.
I started moaning for his benefit and before I knew it I was moaning for my benefit. I glanced over and he had his thick penis in his hand. He was stroking it with me.
When he realized I was watching him he said, "See I am also disciplined. Keep going. You are doing well."
I put my fingers on the clitoral hood and coaxed the tiny nub out of hiding. I gently massaged it. I was now fully wet and wanted to have an orgasm badly.
I again opened my eyes to see him staring at my show and stroking his red engorged penis, "Please I want an orgasm."
"Not yet. I can see you have a dripping wet pussy. You are a slut. Use your dildo."
I stopped stroking my clit and put the dildo in. My pussy had been trained after taking Tobias and Melville, so half slipped in at once. I again closed my eyes and enjoyed the feel of this man watching me as I masturbated. I couldn't help but moan. While I wanted to pick up the pace and have an orgasm, I slowed. Almost any additional stimulus and I would be lost. I knew he would punish me.
It seemed like an eternity when he said, "Take that thing out." He knelt between my legs and placed his thick dick at the entrance to my pussy. He rested it on top of my clit with just a little pressure. He didn't move.
I couldn't stand it. "Please Mister Jake. Put it in."
He smiled again that sinister smile as he lightly smacked his dick against the swollen nub extended like it was reaching for his penis. "I don't believe you. What do you want?"
"I want that big swollen cock in my cunt slit. I want you to give me a big orgasm. I am desperate for an orgasm. Please fuck me hard. I want it so bad Mister Jake. Please, please, please ..."
He took his cock and bounced it off my clit and growled, "I almost believe you."
While he tortured my clit, I struggled for what to say, "Please Sir Jake. I will do anything. I will be your nasty slut. Anythin-"
Just as I said this he slammed his penis all the way into my pussy so hard it was a shock to my back. But as soon as he did my vagina convulsed like it had never done before. My eye rolled back and I could feel the juices spirt onto his dick.
He growled, "Have as many as you want. You gave me what I wanted. I wanted to hear you say anything. You are going to make a very good slut. Have orgasms for me."
He waited until I revived a little from the first huge orgasm. He started stroking slowly in and out. He was giving me one orgasm after another.
"I want to see you pinch your nipples."
I pinched my nipples until they were hard. He bent and took first one of my tits in his mouth then the other. I took his head in my hands and helped him feast on my breasts. He started picking up the pace as he raised to take my hips in his hand to give him leverage.
He said, "I am going to enjoy making you my slut. You are going to hurt from the pain and the pleasure. You have no idea what I am going to do to you."
"Oh please Mister Jake. I will do anything to feel like this. Oh Gawd, Oh Gawd. Those are so big. Oh Gaawwdddd..."
With that he squirted into my stretched hole. It felt so good, I almost passed out again. He let me recover while keeping his penis in my pussy. He rubbed my big breasts.
As my breathing came under control and my eyes started to open he eased out of my pussy and said, "Ok my slut, clean me up."
He stood so I could lick his penis and groin clean. I could tell this was a combination of his cum and mine. After I finished I said, "Let me get a towel to clean up."
He said sternly, "You keep my jizzum in and on you as long as possible. I want to see you glistening from my seed."
"Yes, Mister Jake. May I clean off the couch?"
"No, trailer trash sluts have stains on their couch. It is almost noon and I am starved. Let's go get something to eat."
I said, "I could fix us something to eat here."
He said, "No, we have some errands to run. I am in the mood for a big sloppy hamburger and I know just the place. We have worked off a lot of calories this morning. Let get the tank refilled."
He had a mischievous look on his face as he said this. I was afraid he meant more than just having a sloppy hamburger. I was anxious but somehow excited. I was also beginning to think that maybe Jake wasn't so bad but demanding.
I whimpered, "If we are going out can't I take a shower. I mean we have run and well everything. I am sure I smell."
"I can't stand whining. Ask like you mean it or expect punishment. But the answer is I like the way you smell. You smell like my whore."
I went to the bedroom to look over my clothes. There were remnants of what used to be my clothes spread over everywhere. I stood there naked, coated with sweat and cum, confused about what I could wear.
I felt Jake step in and joined me observing the mess Mistress Sid had made of my bedroom. But he laughed. "Gawd, what a mess. Here let me help you pick out what to wear. I think I see just the right thing. But we do need to take Sid up on the offer to purchase you a new wardrobe. I have some ideas I am sure you will love."
I was sure I wouldn't like his ideas. He first handed me one of the bras that had half the cup cut out. He said, "Let's start with this."
I put it on and looked in the mirror. Somehow it was more obscene than nothing. My G-cups stuck out of the opening making my breasts stick out even further in a cone. I sank a little knowing I was going out in public wearing this. Jake picked an old faded jean skirt that buttoned up the front which had been cut in half to end about mid-thigh. Next he handed me a powder blue button up shirt. Mistress Sid had cut off the top two buttons, so when buttoned some cleavage showed but I didn't look obscene.
Jake looked at me pensively for a minute then jerked off the bottom button from the skirt. This left one button just a couple inches below my naked pussy. But still I wasn't as obscene as I feared I would be.
Jake said, "Well, I guess that will do for now. Let's see your shoes."
I showed him my shoes and all I had was low heals. He frowned and said, "None of these will do. Wear the sandals."
So off we went with me at least covered. As I got in his camouflaged colored Hummer, the jean skirt was tight and slid up my thighs. I started to pull the skirt down when Jake said gruffly, "Leave it alone. I want to see that cum covered pussy."
We pulled out of the trailer park onto the highway as I asked, "Where are we going?"
"You will see," Jake said with disdain. "Just for asking pull your skirt up and masturbate while I drive. No orgasm for you. Tell me when you are close."
I hesitated, just for a beat as Jake said loudly, "You don't hesitate when I tell you to do something." He reached over, unbuttoned the first button on my shirt, pulled it apart revealing my naked nipples and pinched and twisted each. "That is for hesitating. If you don't start playing with yourself, it will get worse."
I put my fingers in my vagina and started playing with myself. I hated that I was still wet and excited from being screwed by Jake. I closed my eyes and it wasn't long before my fingers were soaked and I could feel the moisture on his seat. I wanted to have an orgasm so badly, I was now unconcerned that people could see my naked tits or that I was masturbating in public. We were in stop and go local traffic for most of the trip.
I finally couldn't take it anymore and said, "Sir Jake please let me have an orgasm. I need it so bad."
Jake said, "Hold out for a few more minutes and I will allow it."
I said, "Thank you." I barely put any pressure on my sensitive vagina but kept my eyes closed until he stopped the car right in front of a small local restaurant.
There were people walking up and down the sidewalk, clearly able to see what I was doing. Jake laughed, "Now you can have an orgasm." He said this as I started to close my legs and reached for my shirt to close it. He grabbed my arms, pulled the shirt apart again and said, "You begged for an orgasm, now give me one."
I put my hands back on my aching pussy, closed my eyes and worked hard on my clit. Jake was rubbing my nipples, making the nubs stick out like a pencil eraser. I started having a big orgasm as Jake said, "Let me hear it."
I groaned loudly, "Ahhhhhhhh...," as Jake twisted my nipples between his index finger and thumb. This only made the orgasm last longer. When it finally subsided, I opened my eyes and several people were standing on the walk staring at my show. I turned red from embarrassment but I had to admit to myself, I liked it.
Jake said, "Okay, button up. I'm starved." I put my tits back in my shirt and buttoned the one button keeping them inside the shirt. When I looked at my reflection in the glass front of the restaurant, I could see my red elongated nipples making an impression in the thin powder blue shirt. I could see that my face was clearly flush from this last big orgasm. I was so embarrassed, I got close to Jake trying to hide behind him.
The restaurant was a local mom and pop place with about ten tables all close together. As we sat an old burly guy came up, looked down my shirt that showed a lot of cleavage as it gapped open, I knew better than to try and pull it together. He said, "Hi, Jake. Who is this sexy creature?"
"Hi, Freddie. This is a gift from my client. Don't have a name for her yet. Ideas?"
"Well she has really great tits. Call her Melons."
Jake nodded his approval, "Melons, this is Freddie. Since he named you, let him have a feel."
Freddie didn't hesitate to push a hand inside my shirt and felt both tits. As much as I thought I didn't want this, my nipples were very sensitive, I didn't want him to stop and almost had an orgasm from being felt up. Freddie laughed, "I better stop before the wife sees me. Melons you have great tits. What can I get you?"
"We are really hungry so bring us both a beer and the super deluxe burger." It was clear I had no choice so I didn't say anything.
I asked, "I need to go to the bathroom." Jake nodded his head.
I looked in the mirror and saw trailer trash. I was disgusted with myself, how had I gotten myself into this predicament. But then I wondered if I really wanted to stop. My body seemed to be on its own path. I couldn't deny that I liked what Jake did to me and I wanted more despite myself. I had put a lipstick and comb in my pocket, so I retouched myself.
The beer was already on the table and Jake had drained about half already. I had a big swallow. Jake said, "You are one sexy women."
I said, "Thank you, sir. What are we doing this afternoon after lunch?"
"We are going shopping. Drink up, you have to be thirsty."
I was and drained my beer as the hamburger deluxe came. Jake ordered us another beer. The hamburger was huge with a lot of fries. I was sure I couldn't eat it all. It was messy. The juices kept falling in my cleavage. Jake wouldn't let me clean it off. We finished our second beer while eating the meal and Jake ordered us a third. I knew I shouldn't have another. I was getting buzzed. Somehow Jake had reached across and unbuttoned the button holding my tits inside the shirt. When I looked down I could see that the shirt was barely covering my areola and anyone could look down my shirt and see that the bra cups were cut out. What's more the skirt had slide up enough so that my bare pussy was showing. There was a steady stream of men coming by the table.
I looked at Jake now half drunk and laughed saying, "I wonder what all these guys are looking at."
Jake laughed, "I was wondering the same thing. Are you enjoying your burger and beer?"
I smiled with a mouth full of burger and grinned a shit eating grin, slurring, "Best meal I have ever had."
Jake laughed. I couldn't finish the hamburger but did finish my third beer. I had gotten less and less concerned about how my skin I was showing.
As Freddie came to pick up our dishes and leave the check, Jake said, "Want to clean off Melons' melons?"
Freddie said, "Don't mind if I do." He took a napkin and wiped my breasts which spread my shirt even further.
I just smiled up at Freddie, "Like what you see, Freddie?" I slurred.
"Yes, I do."
Jake paid the bill and we left. I made no effort to pull my shirt together, leaving a large expanse of the top half of my breasts on display. I was a little unsteady so Jake put an arm around me to steady me as we walked to his vehicle. All eyes were on us as we left. Jake helped me in the car. All buttons were unbuttoned to the waist, so the shirt gapped open displaying my nipples protruding out the cut-up bra.
Jake reached over and unbuttoned the bottom button of my skirt letting it gap open to reveal my pussy. He said, "We are about fifteen minutes to the next stop. Let's see how many orgasms you can have before then."
This time I didn't hesitate. I had been wanting to cum since the last orgasm. I started playing with my pussy as Jake rubbed my sensitive chest. At each stop light, he stuck his finger in my sopping wet pussy. I had several orgasms as we drove and every time he touched me I had a sensation like I hadn't before.
We stopped in the parking lot of an Adult Store. Jake reached over again to put his finger in my pussy. He said, "Have one more good one before we shop."
I wrapped my arms around his, put my hand over his, and placed his finger in just the right spot and humped his arm to a big orgasm that made me scream.
I said breathing hard and slurred, "Thank you Misterrr... Jake."
He said, "You are such a good slut. Now get your tits situated so we can go shopping."
I was exhausted from the orgasms, coming off the beer buzz and just wanted to go to sleep. I put my tits back in my shirt, buttoned up the buttons left on my outfit and walked into an Adult Superstore. This store was huge.
Jake said, "What would you like to start with?"
"I have never been in a store like this so up to you."
"Let's start with vibrators."
There were shopping carts and aisles of merchandise. Jake got one and we looked around sort of lost.
A skinny youngish girl walked up to us. She was covered with tats and piercings. She had black hair streaked with red. She had on a collar like mine except with chains that connected to a belt around her waist. Her black leather skirt was shorter that mine. She wore a black leather vest, with chains that held it together in front with nothing underneath. You could tell she was very flat on top.
"Hi, my name is Cora. Can I help you?"
"We are looking for several items. First we need vibrators."
"Is this your slave?"
"She is now. I got her as a gift. My name is Jake and this is Melons. You can guess why."
"Oh I know why. Melons, you and I have something in common. I also have a master." She reached out her hand to shake which I found a little odd but I shook her hand. "The vibrators are on aisle 6. What else are you looking for?"
Jake said, "Anal plugs, DVD's and clothing. Maybe some bondage stuff."
Cora smiled, "Now you are speaking my language. The anal plugs are next to the vibrators; the DVD's are over there and clothing is spread throughout the store. I would love to help you with the bondage gear. I will look you up when you are ready."
Jake said, "Do you see anything that looks good to you?"
"Mister Jake, I am not trying to be defy you but I have only used a barrowed vibrator from Mom and it was that one. So, I guess that one."
"Let me help you," Cora said from behind us. I thought she had left.
I asked Jake, "Can Cora help me? I just have no idea."
Jake said to Cora, "We would like to have your help. Melons is new to this. She is a slut in training. Thank you."
Cora said, "How much money do you want to spend?"
Jake answered, "No limit."
Cora smiled big, "Oh gracious. Our preferred customers get a 30% discount. The one you pointed to is OK but these are my two favorites. The Magic Wand is very powerful but my favorite is the Miss Bi. It hits both the G-spot and clitoris."
Jake said, "Let's take both. And she needs a dildo with a suction cup that she can carry in her bag. She has a large one that she really likes. Don't you Melons?"
"Yes Sir. My Mistress gave it to me and I use it."
Cora found the one Jake was looking for.
Jake picked out three anal plugs, a small, medium and large. The large was almost as thick as Jake. I couldn't imagine getting that big thing in my tight ass hole but I didn't say anything.
Cora said, "What are you looking for in terms of clothes?"
Jake unbuttoned the two-button left on my shirt and opened to show the cut-up bras, "She needs something better than this. Although I kind of like this look. She has great tits and this just makes them better."
Cora gazed enviously, "Melons does have great tits. I must admit I am jealous. This is all I have." She opened her vest to show A-cups that were covered in tattoos and had nipple rings with a chain between her puffy areolas.
Jake said, "Love the rings."
"Thank you, Mister Jake. We have some shelf bras I think you will like."
Cora lead us to the bra section and we picked out several for me to try on. The shelf bra fit and was comfortable. It didn't cover the areola at all but did hold my breasts up. I took both a strap and strapless version of this. While I was trying these on with Cora looking on, Jake had picked out several things and put them in the cart.
Before we left, Cora had helped us with some bondage items. In total, Jake bought over $800 of merchandise for me with the preferred customer discount.
As we walked out I said, "I can't believe you spent that much on me."
Jake patted my ass and said, "Oh trust me, I am going to get my money's worth from your ass."
On the way home Jake, had me use the medium sized dildo but wouldn't let me have an orgasm. By the time we got home I was begging him to let me cum.
He said, "I might let you tomorrow. You can stop now." I was so out of it I didn't notice we were at my trailer. It was almost seven o'clock. "I will here tomorrow morning early to work with you. You will sleep in the nude and always leave your bedroom door open. You never know when I will drop by and I am expecting you to be dressed like a slut unless otherwise approved. You will get more instructions tomorrow. No more orgasms today."
I said, "Mister Jake, thank you. Can I kiss you?"
Jake thought for a minute, "Okay, on the cheek."
I gave him a kiss on the cheek, collected all my stuff and went inside. Mark was home and cooking dinner. He said, "Are you alright? I was beginning to worry."
"I am fine. I have a new master. He has had me all day and will be here tomorrow morning."
I could see Mark wanted to ask about my dress but didn't. He asked, "Want some dinner?"
"Oh, Mark I am starved but I need a shower first."
I took a long hot shower that felt so good to get the dried sweat and cum off me. I was then faced with the dilemma of what to wear. I found a long tee shirt that Mistress Sid hadn't cut up that reached below my ass cheeks and covered my pussy. It was still very revealing but somehow I didn't care what Mark saw.
As Mark and I had dinner I told him about Jake. I was very honest about what he should expect. To my surprise, he had no issue with what I told him. He was very supportive. I even had the thought he liked the idea of me becoming Jake's slut. Go figure.
I straightened up my room; organized my new wardrobe and toys. I went to bed in the nude with the door open as Jake instructed and thought about the day. I smiled realizing I was happy and couldn't understand why.
My second day with Jake
I was awakened the next morning by someone slapping my naked ass and yelling, "Get your lazy ass out of bed. Time to work out."
I jumped straight up before realizing it was Jake. I wiped my eyes as he yelled again, "Get your clothes on now or you will be running in the neighborhood naked."
As I got to my feet I heard Mark waking up saying, "Merilee, is everything alright?"
I yelled back, "It's fine Mark. I am going to work out with Mister Jake."
Mark yelled back, "Okay. Do you want breakfast in a little?"
I said, "Yes, in about an hour."
Jake yelled, "Make that an hour and a half. Make it a big breakfast."
Jake handed me a new exercise outfit. It was a one piece thin white spandex body stocking that started mid-calf, sleeved, and had some support under my breasts. The neckline was V-shaped and showed lots of cleavage. It was very revealing. My areolas were clearly outlined and no doubt that anyone who saw me wearing this would get the message Jake wanted. If I could have worn normal underwear, then it would have been fine but my underwear was gone.
Jake also brought a few of his clothes to hang in my closet along with a small toiletry case. He didn't ask me if he could leave these things he just did.
We again did calisthenics in front of the trailer. Jake said he wanted me to alternate the two series. I was sure every time I bent over the outline of my ass and pussy could be seen. Luckily no one was out on Sunday morning or they would have witnessed a revealing MILF show. I knew sooner or later someone was bound to see me like this.
Unbelievable, today's exercises were even more intense than the day before. When I got back to the trailer, I was soaked with sweat and the outfit was almost transparent. Jake was wearing a tank top and nylon shorts that barely covered his thick dick. This time Jake was sweating.
Mark was preparing breakfast for us. Jake got us our protein drink and water. The sweat was pouring off me.
Mark said, "Goodness, that must have been quite a workout. By the way, I am Mark, Merilee's husband." He extended his hand to Jake.
"Hi Mark, I am Jake Gannon. Good to meet you. Melons here is quite the athlete."
Mark smiled, "She was an outstanding basketball player in college. I need to get back in shape also. May I join her?"
"Sure, good with me if it is okay with Melons."
Mark asked Jake, "Why do you call her Melons?"
Jake put his hand under my near visible wet breasts and said, "Because of these. If you do work out with Melons, you must keep up." Jake pointed a finger at me, "Melons, no slowing down. I want you full out every day."
"Yes Sir."
Jake said, "Go take a shower. I will keep Mark company as he gets us breakfast."
I said, "Thank you, Sir."
I was so happy to shower and get my wet clothes off. After I showered I was faced with a dilemma of what to wear. I decided on shorts that were cut so severely that only the gussets only covered my pussy and half my ass cheeks hung out. I wore another of the bras with half the cup cut out and a tee shirt that was cut off just below the bra.
When I came back in Mark and Jake were laughing with each other and it struck me that they were rapidly becoming, well, friends.
Mark laughing said, "Jake was just telling me some funny stories from his days of being a detective. We are having omelets and hash browns. Jake said you need the carbs."
"Thanks," I said as I sat next to Jake at the bar. Jake placed his hand on my thigh exposed by the shortened shorts. I enjoyed breakfast as Jake pumped Mark about his life. I liked the fact that this man had his hand on me at such an intimate spot in front of Mark.
After breakfast, Jake said as Mark cleaned up the dishes, "Melons and I are going to watch one of the porn DVD's we purchased yesterday and masturbate. Want to join us?"
I couldn't believe the words. He was inviting my husband to watch us masturbate. Mark looked a little stunned but after a minute said, "Sure, why not."
Jake took a DVD off the shelf and said to me, "Go get Miss Bi. I want to see how that one works. Also, bring the smallest anal plug and lube."
When I came back Jake said, "Get nude and hand me the lube and plug." After my clothes were off he said, "Bend over." He took the lube and worked a good amount into my asshole. As he did he said, "Time to start training that ass. I will have my dick in your dark hole before long." He worked in the small anal plug. This plug was barely a half inch in diameter, very soft and entered my butt easily with little pain.
Jake hit play, removed his clothes and sat next to me with his hand again on my thigh. The movie started. The title wasAnal Thunder. It was one anal scene after another. The first scene was a small girl taking a large dick, about the size of Jake. Mark was watching from a chair behind us. Jake moved his hand to my clit and gently started massaging it. It felt so good. Any pain in my ass was gone. I could feel nothing but the pleasure of having him masturbate me.
Without looking back at Mark, he said, "Mark, I don't know about you but I am going to join Melons pleasuring myself. Suit yourself."
The second scene had started. This time it was a very buxom blonde with a nice plump ass and a black man hung like Tobias. Jake removed his hand, squeezed some lube into his palm and lubricated his dick. Without being told I turned Miss Bi on and inserted it into my now wet pussy.
At first, I had Miss Bi half the way in when Jake said, "I think the idea it to stick it all the way in and stimulate your G spot and clit at the same time."
I said, "I know but if I do, I will have an orgasm without your permission and I will get punished."
Jake said, "Melons is a quick study Mark. Do you want some of this lube?"
Mark walked around to where we could see him. He was wearing only his shirt. He took the lube off the table and returned to a chair to the side of us to get a better view of what we were doing. On the video, the big black man had the blonde bent over a table and was slamming into her asshole like it was a pussy. I had to admit I was getting turned on by this and I felt that Jake was also.
Jake said, "Push it all the way in. You can have an orgasm."
With that I pushed Miss Bi all the way in where it was striking both my sensitive spots at once. It felt so good there I didn't have to move it and I started having orgasms. I could feel the wet spot on the couch under my ass. I was moaning from the pleasure, eyes closed mostly only opening them slightly to see the scene on the TV and glance at Mark and Jake.
Mark was beating his small penis like he couldn't wait for an orgasm. Jake was easing his hand up and down slowly. The size difference was remarkable. While I was having nice orgasms but no matter how good it felt I knew that Jake's dick would feel better.
The third scene was starting with a tall thin brunette being sandwich between the two men from the first two scenes. She was laying on the white guy who had his dick in her ass with the black bounding her pussy.
I said to Jake, "Wouldn't you like to finish in me in whatever hole you want."
Jake said, "You are not ready for the ass but I will take that beautiful pussy. Keep watching, I want you to see how the ass can be just another pleasure spot."
He picked me up and let me down on his hard penis, so I could watch the end of the DVD. The girl in the video was riding the black guy's dick cowgirl style in her ass. The white guy was masturbating on her and she was rapidly masturbating her extended clit. She was obviously enjoying the penis lodged deep in her anus. Suddenly, she started squirting. Her juices were flying all over the place with the white guy covering her face and chest.
I lost consciousness for a few seconds from the orgasm I had from Jake's dick and watching this scene. Jake then said, "Mark, shoot your load in Melons face and chest." Mark quickly came next to me and ejaculated on me. I could feel Jake starting a massive eruption deep inside me. This made me yell as another wave of pleasure, "Oh Sir, thank you. Fuck my pussy hard. Oh, gawd, gawd, gawd, thank you." It seemed that this orgasm would not end.
Jake filled me up like I had never been filled before. Finally, Jake finished his orgasm and I fell back on him. I was breathing so hard and barely felt that Jake had picked me up, sat me beside him and was holding me while I regained my composure.
Mark had come back with a towel and was handing it to me. Jake said, "No, she likes to be covered with cum. Spread it over her chest for her." Mark took his hand and for the first time in years he touched my chest as he spread his seed over me.
Mark then went back to the bathroom and dressed. When he came back in the room, I was near normal. Jake said, "That was fun."
Mark said, "It certainly was and I think Melons enjoyed it also."
I smiled at him.
Jake said, "Now I need the shower. Melons, get dressed, we are going shopping this afternoon. Mark, you are welcome to go with us. Would you mind fixing us a little lunch?"
I again was faced with the dilemma of what to wear. I decided to put on one of the shelf bras we had purchased the day before. It at least gave me support even though it didn't cover my now hard nipples. I decided on a thin cheap blue sheath dress that had three quarter length sleeves, a square neckline that showed just the beginning of my cleavage. The skirt hit mid-thigh and wasn't tight. I went panty less as my only choice was some obscene panties Jake had bought the day before or nothing. I put on flats and looked in the mirror. I wasn't sure Jake would approve but I was covered.
Jake was now dressed wearing Dockers, a golf shirt with the logo of his security firm on it that showed off his heavily muscled torso and arms and heavy military styled black boots. He took one look at me and said, "So this is how you think trailer trash dresses?"
I said hoping he would let me go like this so I said, "Mistress Sid must have thought so."
He rolled his eyes and said, "Huh! Mark what do you think?"
Mark looked at both of us and said, "I always think Merilee looks nice."
Jake again rolled his eyes and said, "Huh! Okay Mark, if you think she looks ok I will let it go. We are going to update her wardrobe anyway. Are you going with us?"
Mark looked at me and said, "Merilee, is it okay with you for me to go with you?"
Since I had no idea what Jake was up to I said, "Sure, why not."
We had a quick lunch. Before we left Jake had me put the dildo with a sanction cup, the Miss Bi, lube, and the smallest anal plug in my purse. Jake was in his Hummer. This vehicle was huge. No way to get in it in a lady like fashion. I was placed in the middle between Jake and Mark.
I got the strangest sensation of belonging here between these two men. Jake, despite his stern commanding persona, was an exciting person to be around. He commanded both Mark and I. I felt like Mark was in his vortex as much as I was. I thought Mark would do whatever Jake said just like me. It was good to have him with us.
On the drive, Jake kept a hand on my mid-thigh and slowly pulled my dress up. Before long Mark had his hand on my other thigh. Jake glanced over and noticed the same thing. I made no move to remove either hand and I found myself wanting them to move to the area between my legs that was beginning to pulse.
We pulled up in front of a large shoe store. Mark helped me down from the Hummer with Jake coming around to greet me as I landed on the ground. He pulled a switchblade out, extracted the blade in front of my face and proceeded to cut my skirt in two places. He started at the waist and cut on either side of the skirt leaving splits on either side. He then slit the neck line in a V showing a lot of cleavage.
He stepped back and smiled, "That should make trying on shoes more exciting. Mark, now that is a little closer to the slutty look I like."
Mark nodded his understanding. As we walked into the store, I was conscious of how little movement would show my nakedness under the thin material. A couple inches either way and my naked pussy could be seen.
We were greeted at the door by a well-dressed middle-aged woman who said, "Hi, my name is Jean. Welcome to Super Shoes, how can I help you?"
Jake said loudly, "Well, Jean, our lady here, Melons, needs fuck me shoes. You have anything like that?"
Jean said as she smiled at me sweetly, looked at my collar and seemed to understand, "I know exactly what you want. Do you have an idea of how many different pairs you would like, colors and what you would like to spend?"
Jake said, "No limit on money, but we want a good variety. She has nothing now."
Jean smiled broadly, "Well then, I am sure we have all you could want. Let's look around together."
We followed her to a section that had high heeled, high priced shoes of different styles.
Jean said, "Melon is so tall that getting heels too high would look wrong. I would suggest several pair around four inches high of different styles. How do you like these?"
Jean was holding up a black pair of pumps with a four-inch stiletto heels. They cost more than any shoes I had ever seen. I said, "These are beautiful. What do you think Mark?"
Mark said, "Look fine with me." That was the first time Mark had commented on anything I might wear.
Jean smiled, "Good let's start with these. Roger here will help you try them on while I line up a couple more to try. You take your time. We want you all to be happy with our service. You look like a size nine narrow. Right?"
I nodded yes as Jean handed Roger a box.
Roger was a middle aged, overweight, balding man. "Have a seat, Melons."
When I sat the slit in my dress showed flesh to the waist and draped over my Mons Pubis. I reached down to make certain my pussy was covered. Roger was staring at my every move and couldn't decide to look at the small slip of material between my legs or the ample bosoms that were straining to stay inside the slit Jake had cut in my top. I was all too conscious of the spectacle I was beginning to make of myself. Mark had sat down next to me and Jake was standing at attention looking down at us.
Roger took my right foot put it between his legs on the stool he was sitting on and slipped one shoe on. I put my hands between my legs to make sure I stay covered.
Jake frowned at me and shook his head slightly. I got the message and moved my hands, hoping for the best.
Roger said, "How does that feel?"
The shoe were comfortable. "Fine."
Roger said, "Let's put the other on and walk around to make certain."
As Roger put on the left shoe, the dress slit slipped enough so that my inner though was completely visible but at least my pussy was still covered. I rose and walked to a mirror. I had to admit they were sexy. The shoes gave my calf more definition that normal.
Jean appeared behind me and said, "Now those look really good on you." She turned and looked at Jake, "Those look like fuck me shoes to me. Don't you think?"
Jake nodded in the affirmative, "Sure looks that way to me. In fact, I am getting an itch to take her right here."
Jean smiled thinking he was kidding and said, "Well don't let me stop you. You look like the type that does what he wants."
Jake just nodded yes and said, "We will take these. What about a white pair?"
Again, I sit trying to keep my nasty bits covered and tried a couple pair of white shoes. I could see the bulge in Roger's pants and knew I had caused his discomfort. As I got up with the third pair on, I noticed a wet spot. My pussy was draining with my own excitement at being the object of so much attention.
Jake and Jean for the third time agreed I needed these shoes. Jake said to Jean, "I think one more pair of less formal shoes. Maybe something she can wear casually. Jean went with Roger to find options.
Jake took my arm, acting like he was looking at the shoes. Instead, he slipped his hand under my slit dress and found my clit. He gently massaged it and whispered in my ear, "You are enjoying this attention, aren't you?"
I couldn't help myself, giving the most pleasant shutter and felt the moisture exiting my slit and onto Jake's hand. Jake smiled at me, put his hand to my mouth and had me lick my pungent fluid from his hand. In a flash, he had the knife out and he cut a few inches off the flap that hung between my legs.
He whispered in my ear, "I think Roger deserves a little extra for his trouble. Understand?"
I said in a trembling voice, "Yes Sir."
I went back and sat. I looked down and realized the flap between my legs didn't cover all the way to the seat leaving my inner thighs completely uncovered and the lower part of my pussy visible when Roger sat down.
Jean and Roger came back with three options for more casual shoes. The one I chose were four-inch cork heeled sandals that laced up to the knee. Roger raised each leg as he laced them up. While he was doing this, he stared at my exposed seeping pussy. I was sure he could see my excitement. Once he had the shoes laced up I got up and walked to the mirror again with Jean and Jake behind me.
With the now shortened flap between my legs, barely covering my pussy and this typical street walker shoes, I really did look like a tart. I could see moisture beginning to cover the inside of my thighs. I wanted to stop being excited but it seemed the more I tried not to the more I became excited.
Jean asked Jake, "Is that what you were looking for?"
Jake smiled at Jean, pushed his hand between my legs exposing my excited pussy, rubbed until I had another orgasm, and said, "That is exactly what I was looking for."
Jean smiled, "Can we help you with anything further?"
Jake smirked, "I think that will be all for today unless you wouldn't mind Melons showing her appreciation to Roger for his help."
"I have no problem with Melons showing her appreciation," Jean said softly and then more loudly said, "Roger, take Melons back to the breakroom. She has something for you."
I knew what Jake wanted me to do. Roger lead me back to a room for the employees. I knelt in front of him and pulled his hard-little cock out. It was nothing compared to the ones I had been dealing with lately. It reminded me of Mark. I took it all in my mouth and started stroking back and forwards.
Roger was beginning to grunt as I could feel his little member becoming more excited. Roger began to fuck my face more than me giving him a blowjob. Then with a loud last grunt he held my head tight to his groin and forced his dick as deep as it would go and ejaculated into my mouth.
When he finished, he said, "Thank you Melons. That was very nice."
I said, "My pleasure."
When Roger and I came out Jake and Mark were talking to Jean. Roger gave them a thumps-up. Jean said, "You can wear those as everything has been taken care of. Are they comfortable?"
I said, "Yes they are. Thank you."
Mark carried my purse and packages to the Hummer.
As we walked out of the store a breeze caught the flap between my legs exposing me to anyone who wanted to see. I tried to cover.
Jake grabbed my arm and said, "Don't do that again or you will be punished."
I said, "Yes Sir." Now I knew what it was like to be a slut.
Mark helped me into the truck. When I sat between them my pussy was only partially covered. Jake moved the flap to the side to completely expose me. He took the knife and cut the slit between my tits to the waist. Now most of my tits hung out. He pulled the material aside so that both areolas were exposed.
Jake then said, "I think you need a little reward. You can use Miss Bi until we get to the next location."
I wanted to argue but truthfully, I wanted to get off with Miss Bi. Sucking Roger off had made me very horny. On the way to the next location, I was almost unconscious from pleasure until Mark shoot his cum on my uncovered thighs. I had lost track of how many orgasms I had.
Jake laughed, "Way to go Mark. Spread it out, I want her to glisten as the shop."
He was pulling into an upscale outdoor shopping center with several clothing stores. I got down from the truck with tits hanging out. Jake said to Mark, "Get your wife decent, well legal anyway."
Mark pushed my tits back into my top, well a small portion of my tits were covered. He grabbed my purse and I decided he was going to carry stuff for me today.
I said, "I need something to drink."
Jake said, "Me too. Let's go to the food court." We all got water and a snack. Every male that walked by got a good view of most of my G-cup endowments. It flummoxed me that I was beginning to like this ogling.
Jake with a sinister look asked, "How do you like being a slut?"
I said shrugging, "I am beginning to enjoy it too much."
Jake laughed, "Oh I think you understate. How many orgasms have you had today? Mark, don't you think she is enjoying being a slut quite a lot?"
Mark looked at me trying to get a clue of what to say. I smiled at him and he said, "I think she has been happier lately than I have seen her since Cherry was born."
Jake nodded. I tried not to give anything away but I decided Mark was right.
As we were leaving I said, "I must go to the little girl's room."
Jake said, "While you are in there, it is time for the anal plug. You need to acclimate to it."
I went to the bathroom, peed, slipped some anal lube into my bum and the small anal plug. It felt fine. I was beginning to get used to it.
Jake was waiting for me as I came out. He took my shoulders and turned me away from him, raised my skirt and looked at the plug embedded in my ass.
I heard the knife blade being exposed again and heard material being cut again. I knew he was making a rear flap like the front I felt behind me and knew it was the same couple inches covered my butt.
Any wind and both front and back would be uncovered. We walked to the first store with me wearing my street walker shoes, anal plug in place, the occasional flash from the flaps flying and worst of all a gentle stream of my excitement running down my legs.
The first couple of stores yielded nothing Jake liked. But the third store seemed to specialize in party dresses and even had a section for strippers. The sales lady was very helpful. She even went with me to the dressing room and didn't seem to mind my nakedness. She herself was dressed in much the same way I was. Only she was ten years younger at least and much smaller.
On one of the trips to the changing room she commented, "So you like wearing anal plugs when you go clothes shopping?"
"Mister Jake wants me to wear it."
"I see, so he is your master?"
"Yes, you could say that."
"Well he certainly has a commanding presence. Who is the other gentlemen?"
"That is my husband but that doesn't mean much anymore. Mister Jake tells him what to do also."
The sales lady smiled, "I must say this is turning me on. Mind if we have a foursome? I want to fuck. And by the looks of you, you do also."
I gave a sigh of release, "I want Jake dick in me in the worst way and you can do whatever you want to with Mark."
She said, "Great."
Jake had several additional outfits ready for me. The saleslady said, "You know I think we will need help with this. You boys want to join us in the changing room?"
Jake looked at Mark and said, "Don't mind if we do."
So, the four of us crammed into a small changing room. The sales lady undressed Mark while I undressed Jake. Jake was already hard. He pressed me against the wall holding my arms above my head and pulled my bottom out where he could get his big dick in my already gushing pussy.
As he pushed into me he said, "Have all the orgasm you want but I want everyone to hear."
I immediately had an orgasm and screamed, "Eeeeiiiiiiii..."
I could hear the sales lady giggle as she sucked on Mark's little dick. It didn't take her long to have him hard. She pushed him onto a bench. She straddled him, took his penis into her pussy and he reached up to knead her B-cup breasts. She was a small woman and I decided Mark's penis probably fit her nicely.
Jake was pumping me hard as he said, "That anal plug makes me want to take your ass now. But I am going to give you a little longer. It is going to feel so good to take that tight beautiful butthole."
I said, "Mister Jake, you can do whatever to me. It feels so good to have that big fat penis in my pussy. Oh, my gawd, I am going to have another orgasm. Eeeeeeiiiiiiiii..."
The saleslady was enjoying riding Mark and he certainly was enjoying being fucked by this small young woman. She was moaning as Mark had grabbed her small ass cheeks, helping her pump his dick.
Jake continued to slam me hard into the wall while mauling my tits. Without the wall to support me I couldn't have stood up like this. I had never been screwed in this standing position and it felt really different. For some reason, I couldn't quite understand, it was exciting not only to be screwed in public like this but to have Mark joining in the debauchery. Now the saleslady was making louder moaning sounds. I was sure she would be fired.
I was having almost continuous orgasms, so, I made continuous primal sounds to match the saleslady. Then I heard Mark join in and I knew he was cumming.
Jake then whispered in my ear, "Get ready. I want you to have a nice one with me. Now!"
I screamed loudly, "Thanks you Sir. Oh my goodness!"
Jake continued to hold me close to his torso, squeezing my large jugs, as his penis convulsed into me. He whispered, "You are one sexy slut trailer trash. Not so bad is it?"
I whispered back, "No sir."
The saleslady was cleaning off Mark penis as I did the same for Jake. The saleslady said, "Let me go get a towel for us."
I said, "Jake likes to leave his sperm on me as long as possible."
She said, "You can't try on my clothes like that."
Jake nodded, "By the way what is your name and are you going to get in trouble for this?"
She giggled, "I don't think so, I am Teddy." The name of the shop was Teddy's Specialties.
She quickly dressed which took no time as she was only wearing a short tee shirt dress and no underwear.
I said to Jake, "Maybe I should get one of those." What was I thinking.
Jake laughed, "Now that's the spirit."
Mark and Jake left the dressing room. Teddy came back with a towel. We picked out three more outfits including one like Teddy was wearing.
In all we bought six outfits. Teddy gave us her card and said, "Come back anytime. Call me, I want to make certain I am the one assisting you." She looked at Mark and winked.
We drove back to the trailer with all three of us fucked out.
Mark took care of my packages as we entered the trailer well at seven. Mark asked, "Want to stay for dinner Jake?"
"No thanks Mark, I have to get ready for work tomorrow. Melons you know my rules. I will check in with you tomorrow to make certain you are following them."
"Yes Sir." I so badly wanted him to kiss me. I could feel that I was falling for this man. And maybe this is what love feels like.
Mark fixed dinner. We talked and both agreed that it was a fun day. I followed Jake's direction and went to bed nude with the door open and no covers.