My girlfriend, Susie, and I were busy "studying" for our geology test. As usual, I was at her house, down in the basement where they had a nice game room with couches, chairs, 2 TVs, coffee tables and every video game imaginable. We began dating in high school, continued through college and ended up married. Throughout high school and college, we had numerous "on and off" periods, but for the vast majority of the time, we were a couple, we were "on". And as I said, it all worked out, we are married.
After we dated for a while we, of course, moved onto sexual activity just like most other kids our age. After all, we were over 18! For a long time, we did everything short of intercourse, but my fingers, her hands and our mouths went everywhere on each other's body. After a year or so of sexual activity, I turned her into an exhibitionist, which involved many episodes of tremendous enjoyment and sensual experiences.
Our gang of friends used their basement as a hang-out a lot. We were pretty secluded down there, at least most of the time. We guys liked their basement, specifically the restroom, for one main reason. Susie used to hang her panties in the slower to let them dry. As she became my girlfriend and I got to know her I realized she loved the tease she created by sometimes "forgetting" to put her panties away before we all came over.
Sometimes to stoke the fire a little, she'd come out of the restroom looking frustrated and would say things like, "Alright guys, where are my little red panties, what did you do with them? Come on, they are my favorite. Who has them?" We all had taken a pair of her panties for our "personal use", Susie knew that as well.
At school, when one of us would get a glimpse of Susie's panties, which wasn't hard to do as her skirts were very, very short, we'd tell the other guys in our group which panties she was wearing, "Hey, did you see, she has the white ones with the cherries on today." To flirt with Susie, the guys were always betting her they could guess the color of her panties. Of course, they knew the color and the pay-off was usually that Susie would have to show them with a quick flash.
As a couple, we used the basement to be away from her younger sisters and her parents. Over the years I dated Susie, I spent a great deal of time at her house so I knew her parents very well and they were very comfortable with me.
A couple of notes on Susie - she was (and still is) in anyone's book, as "cute as cute can be." She's 5'2", 105 pounds and loves being the center of attention. She has a great personality and energy that won't quit. She's competitive in athletics, grades and frankly, anything. She has a fun loving personality that often led her to be the first person to do something fun, crazy or daring. Her body is fantastic - nice sized, round boobs, small, trim waist and a great ass. She always has loved attention; her skirts were as short as they could possibly be which I (and everyone else, including the teachers) loved. And she was the ultimate cock-teaser as evidenced by her "forgetting" to take her panties out of the shower before we all came over.
Tonight was like many nights. We were in the basement sitting at the bar doing our homework "studying" for a test. She had taken a shower before I got there and she was wearing a large "man's" blue button-down work shirt. It was certainly casual and short. The front and back were about 6 inches or so below her pussy and ass while the slides curved up a couple of inches to make them "dangerously high" almost giving a view of her pussy and ass from the slides. Oh ya, and she wasn't wearing pants.
Her shirt was short enough that I always had a hard time concentrating when she wore it. The last button was probably 5 inches up from the bottom of the shirt which was a wonderful "turn-on" for me (and Susie) as her shirt would split open and almost show her panty covered pussy when she walked or sat down. The split opened the shirt to less than an inch away from her pussy. She never wore a bra or jeans when she had one of those shirts on. Her parents would come down to talk with us from time to time and Susie and I were always very careful to never have anything inappropriate going on. When they were around, we always took great care to be sure Susie was well covered. She did not look sexy at all when they were with us. However, that all changed when they went back upstairs.
We were both very successful in school with grades as we were both in the top 10% of our class and were class officers, I played two sports, she was a cheerleader and on homecoming court. Those were just additional reasons why her parents left us alone a lot without worrying too much. Susie was very competitive, and to my liking, she accepted just about any bet. She was also quite daring, she was a free spirit. If there was a dare, Susie took it and usually laughed her way thru it.
She was always a great dick-teaser, and she knew it. Tonight was no exception. Whenever she asked me a question, she looked me in the eye and nonchalantly put her hand on my leg right by my dick, pretending not to notice where she placed her hand. She didn't touch my dick, but she put her hand very, very close just to tease me and, of course, to give me a hard-on. Then she would return to her studies.
A few minutes later she "all of a sudden" noticed that I had a hard- on. She looked me in the eye, and then looked down at my dick to make sure I saw her looking at my cock. She kept her eyes on my dick and put her hand a half-inch above my hard-on and said, "Wait, do you have a hard on?" She continued "What are you thinking about, why do you have a hard on? We're supposed to be studying. Can't be my clothes, I'm only wearing this stupid old shirt. By the way, how long does that get?" And she stared at my cock.
She waited a couple of minutes and turned her dick-teasing temperature up a few more degrees. She said, "Ok, be honest with me, can you tell I'm bra-less in this shirt? You can't see my nipples, can you? Is that why you have a hard-on? I'm sorry, I shouldn't wear this shirt around you if it bothers you, but don't worry, I am wearing panties, see?" Then she lifted the slide of her shirt to show me a small part of her panties. "By the way, please don't look in the shower, I just hung my new panties in there, I'd be really embarrassed." Then she giggled.
I smiled and tried to keep cool, pretending I had only minor interest, thinking that could stoke her competitive spirit and would encourage her to do more. I (obviously) liked what she was doing, and definitely wanted her to do more. But I also knew with her parents upstairs, we couldn't go too far. I said to her, "I didn't even notice that you were bra-less and don't worry, that shirt covers you really well." I didn't even mention anything about her panties. A little while later she moved her legs and made the lowest button pop open on the bottom of her shirt. This exposed her panties, which were light blue, silky and looked very sexy and small. She acted like she didn't know that her shirt was open, but she left her shirt open for me to see all I wanted. She sat that way for a good 10 minutes as she studied her book and then "realized" her shirt was open giving me that view. She said, "Oh no! I am so sorry and so embarrassed, how long was my shirt open like this?" Then she asked, "Did you see anything? Wait ... were you staring at my panties the whole time? You are a major pervert." I only kind of realized I was being teased and I enjoyed it every time she did it (and so did she).
As the night went on and we continued to "study", I'd sometimes reach over and playfully massage her tits and her erect nipples, which always seem to be straining to come thru the shirt. I waited a few minutes and then I unbuttoned her shirt until her tits were easily visible to me. She was responsive, to say the least. She looked at me, moaned a little and said, "They aren't coming down, finger me, come on, finger me, just for a minute...please?"
To drive her crazy, I said, "I can't, I'm studying, but by the way, are your panties white or blue, I didn't really see them very well?" Of course, I was lying but it got her even crazier to show me more and to talk dirty to me.
In a very shy voice Ms. Cock-Teaser said, "You'll never see my panties, I only let my boyfriends see them, and by the way, I let them see them anytime and anyplace they want to. Just so you know, the ones I'm wearing tonight are their favorite." Talking like she had multiple sexual boyfriends was a turn-on for her; I knew it was one of her fantasies.
So I said, "Really? Who would want to see your old boring granny panties?"
She came back with, "I always have a problem with this shirt when my boyfriends are around. Like last night, these last two buttons, right here, popped open and I didn't even realize it, but my shirt opened all the way up to my belly button. Thank god only one button barely came open tonight with you, so you only saw a little bit of my panties. Those guys made me so mad. Just like you, they didn't tell me when my buttons unbuttoned. And they showed me a bunch of pictures they had taken of my panties when I wore this shirt and my other outfits. By the way, I gave them each a pair of my panties to take home. You don't mind, do you?"
I said, "Let's make a bet, if I win, I get to be like all of your boyfriends, Ok? I'd get to tell you what to do just like all of your limp-dick, sex-crazy boyfriends."
I mentioned before she was very competitive and daring, she immediately asked "What's the bet?" I said, "Let's take the practice test for this chapter, whoever scores higher, wins. If I win, I get to be like all of your boyfriends, if you win, I'll take you shopping for something your boyfriends would like to show you off in. And what the hell, I'll take you to a place or two where you can show-off your new stuff." I knew by now, she was as wet as could be and my hard-on was "full-throttle" from just thinking about the fantasy we had created.
She said, "You are on mister! You can't think straight with a hard-on like that anyway." And she reached over and stroked my cock over my shorts a few times. She then said, "I wonder if this will fit in my mouth?" All of this role play and dirty talk had me and Susie on edge and her rubbing me over my shorts was definitely "cheating" on her part, but I had cheated as well. I'd already taken the practice test 3 times, so I knew all the questions and answers! But I thought I'd play with her and tease a little anyway just to make sure she couldn't concentrate either. I said, "I'm not going to touch you and be a cheater like you, no way. I'm not going to reach into your flimsy, almost see-thru shirt to pull it open so I can suck on your tits and flick your nipples with my tongue. No way. I know your boyfriends do that to you, but I won't dare do that. And I'm not going to put these fingers in your mouth and these fingers in your warm, wet, sweet pussy to make you cream because all of you boyfriends would get mad at me, right? You like it when they do that to you, right Susie? All at the same time, right?"
She looked at me and called me a cheater, she had irregular breathing, and she was obviously close to orgasm. I said, "OK, let's take the test." It was 15 questions, multiple choice. I aced it (well, it was my 4th time at it). She got 13 right. She couldn't believe I beat her; I just laughed and told her she was mine now and as "one of her boyfriends" I'd have an idea for her when I picked her up for school in the morning, I had to think about it.
It was getting late so I had to leave, as always it was tough with my hard-on and with Susie being playful, horny and near orgasm. I stood up and playfully asked her how many of her boyfriends were coming over tonight. She loved thinking about that fantasy. She named 4 of our friends from school, Steve, John, Mike and Bill. I put my right hand on her pussy and quickly began fingering her. My gosh, was she wet! As I was fingering her I said, "Who gets to finger you first? I bet you love giving Steve blow jobs, don't you?"
She immediately grabbed my cock and began rubbing it like crazy. Susie was having trouble speaking fluently, she was near orgasm, "Bill is ... ahhh ...the best at ... fingering me. But I love ... blowing Mike ... while I ... ummm...beat off ...Steve ... and John." With that I shot my load in my shorts, even though it was a made-up fantasy, I couldn't take it anymore!
I said to her, "Put a good shown on tonight for your boyfriends."
She replied, "Get out of here. They are on their way, unless you want to watch." Then she stood up, turned around and flipped the bottom of her shirt over her ass and said, "Damn this shirt is so short in the back, I hope they don't see anything or get any more pictures. What if they put them on the internet, wouldn't that be terrible?" Like I said, she is a great cock-teaser
Well, I got out of there as best as I could, carrying my book over my crouch, trying to hide my hard-on. Upstairs I talked with Susie's parents for a good amount of time, then (thankfully) left.
The next morning, I drove to Susie's to pick her up from school as did every day. I beeped the horn lightly and a couple of minutes later she came bouncing out of the front door wearing her cheerleader uniform because our basketball team had a game that night. She started down the porch steps, then stopped, turned around and went back to the front door, opened it up and yelled something to her mom. When she yelled into the house, she was slightly bent over, which gave me a great view of her white "cover panties." That's what our cheerleaders called them because they didn't like the word "bloomers" because "that's what our mothers wore."
Our cheerleaders wore great uniforms. The pleated skirts were red and white and no doubt short. The tops weren't quite "half-tops", they just came to the top of the skirt (before the girls altered them so they didn't look so "boring" - according to them). Susie and a few of her friends on the squad, of course, had altered their uniforms by shortening the shirts to just barely below their asses ("we are wearing these stupid cover panties anyway") and taking an inch or two off the bottom of the shirts to show a little more of their flat tummies.
We called our cheerleaders (or most of them anyway) the "hard-on squad", because that's exactly what they caused, at school and at the games. And, of course, Susie was the leader. She laughed at (but obviously liked) the name. She told me, "I'd rather cause a hard-on than be dressed like a 60 year old cheerleader." Our "hard-on" squad was lucky that their advisor was young (and great looking, too). She understood the girls wanted to look "up to date" so she let the girls get away with things like the alterations and the shiny, sexy cover panties. She did draw a line though at some things; she would not allow activities like drinking or smoking.
Anyway, cute Susie came rushing out to the car, her skirt flying all over the place. She was singing her favorite cheerleader song; I think she told me that it was from the movie, Bring It On. The song was "I'm sexy, I'm cute."
"I'm bitchin', great hair! The boys all love to stare!" and "I'm wanted, I'm hot! I'm everything you're not!"
Then, "Who am I? Just guess! Guys wanna touch my chest!" and "I'm flyin', I jump! You can look and I hope you hump!"
She climbed in the car, shut the door, reached over squeezed my cock and said, "Did you like the peek I gave you on the porch?"
I said, "Nice try, but your cover panties aren't much of a turn-on." This was yet another lie I told her all the time. Our squad didn't wear the bulky old cover-up panties that a lot of squads wore because they "looked terrible" under their skirts. They wore white, low-rise nylon panty briefs from Soffee to covered their panties.
Our leader Susie rarely wore panties under her Soffee briefs, she'd say, "I don't want my panties sticking out from under them." I knew she just wanted the thrill.
As I drove we started to talk about the day, I had my hands resting between her legs. As I drove I slowly moved my hand so that my fingers were lightly touching her "cover panty" covered pussy. I can tell you, it felt great, smooth, soft, and thin against her lips. I pretended not to notice that I was touching anything, but Susie was definitely noticing. I moved my fingers real slightly against her panties. Then I said, "You gave me an idea when you were by the door. Remember the bet you lost last night?"
She said, "You cheated, ya I remember."
I said, "Forget it, it's not a big deal; you'll chicken out anyway."
Susie, never missing a challenge said, "What? Chicken out from what? BS - I'm not a chicken!"
So I said, "Ok, today at school, wear your regular panties under your cheerleader skirt, without that "cover panty" brief crap. You don't have to do it for the game tonight, just at school."
She said, "But, everyone will see up my skirt, you know it flips up when I walk." Her words were starting to come out in a jumbled pace, she was thinking about it and getting excited at the dare. At this same time I was lightly rubbing my finger between her pussy lips and she was beginning to squirm just a bit.
To get her thinking about it, I stroked between her lips a little harder and I played with the sides of her panty by her pussy, teasing her that my fingers might go under her panties into her. I said, "Imagine how horny you'll make your 4 boyfriends. You'll be lucky if they let you keep your panties on the entire day. Oh my god, what would you do if they made you take your panties off ...even for just a couple of classes. You have shortened your skirt so much, you'd show everything to everybody!" The combination of my fingers moving around her pussy and her vision of her walking thru the halls in her very short cheerleader skirt with no panties drove her nuts.
She whimpered, "Can you pull over?? Come on, I want to blow you right now!"
I said, "You can only blow me for a second and only if you put your sexy, regular panties on for all the guys at school." I knew that little bit about "all the guys at school would almost make her cum, and I was right, I could feel it thru her cover panties. I pulled into a parking lot for an office building that was just starting to get busy. The parking lot was probably 60% full. She grabbed my pants and unbuttoned them.
I said, "Not yet, where are your regular panties?" I knew she always carried a pair in her purse in case she got uncomfortable just wearing her Soffees, like if they called for a general assembly at school and wanted the cheerleaders to perform at a pep rally.
She grabbed her purse and took out her yellow, silk panties. She took off her white Soffees and pulled on her yellow panties. She got up on her knees, faced me and used both hands to take my cock out of my pants. Her ass was up in the air sort of mid-window height, her face was down on my dick. I pulled her skirt up and began fingering her like wild. I put the windows down. She was blowing me like crazy, up and down my shaft, and then licking the tip of my cock. Two cars slowly drove by, staring at her ass. They pulled their phones out and took pictures of Susie's ass. I told Susie, "We have a couple of guys watching and taking pictures of your ass, are you ok with that?"
She said, "Tell them ... to come ... fuck meeee... ahhh."
I talked dirty to her to get her even hotter, "Everyone at school will be talking about your ass and pussy today. They will love your yellow panties, you'll be pulling your 4 boyfriends into rooms to blow them and they will finger you just like I am right now. And while one is fingering you, you'll be blowing another one." I was just teasing her make her hotter with the idea and it was definitely working. Then I unbuttoned her skirt and slid it down her legs. I said, "Take this skirt off, it's in the way."
She said, "Ok ... just don't... stop fingering me. Oh ... feels so ... fucking good!" She took the skirt off and went right back down to blow me. I threw the skirt out of the window.
I told her, "30 seconds more ... Then 10 ... Ok Susie, let's stop before I cum all over your top or you face or you hair", then I pulled my cock out of her mouth and said, "We have to go to school, we have tests today."
She said in a sultry voice, "I'm so worked up; I'm going to blow 15 guys today."
I said, "15 guys, wow, 15 guys, how many at one time?" It was just a fantasy to keep her in the mood. I continued to rub her pussy and I jammed some of her panties up into her pussy, thinking it would be a great view or anyone who saw up the front of her skirt. As we got ready to pull away, she asked where her cheerleader skirt was. We looked around inside the car and, of course, couldn't find it. Then she saw it (right where I threw it) in the parking lot 10 feet from my car, but the skirt was only 2 feet from the cars the 2 guys with the cameras were in. I said, "You must have thrown it when you were giving me the greatest blow job of my life, you better go get it."
Without hesitation, because she was still so horny and feeling sexy, she opened the door and walked over to get her skirt. She turned around so her ass faced the guys in the car, they were closer to Susie than my car was, and slowly bent at the waist to pick her skirt up. What a show, of course captured by their cameras. When she began to walk back to my car, I raised the window and locked the door and smiled. She smiled, laughed a little and said, "Let me in!" After all, she was standing there in the parking lot, in front of an office building and 2 guys in their cars ... in her silk, yellow panties.
I said, "2 conditions. Let me take a picture of you with those two guys and give me 2 more days whenever I want as your boyfriend where I call all the shots."
She had no choice, she said, "Ok, but you know 'I'll get you back!"
She walked over to the cars, said something I couldn't hear, but the two guys got out of their cars. They actually were pretty good looking guys, trim, well-kept athletic types. I got out of my car, too. I said to the guys, "Thanks guys, she wants a picture with her audience." Susie stood between them and put her arms around them without me saying anything.
I said, "Why don't you guys put your hand in her panties to make this look good? You don't mind, right Susie?"
She, still near another orgasm, said, "Go ... ahead ... pleeaassee ... guys." They both put their hands under her panties on her side and smiled. I took a few pictures, this was incredible!
I said, "Susie, help them a little, they are shy guys". She took their hands, pulled them out of her panties on the side, and put them in her panties on her pussy. They were smiling like crazy.
Susie said, "Wait, guys ... ahhhh ... come on, put ... put your ... other hand ... on ... my ass. ... Pleeaassee." They did and I took at least 10 pictures with my phone and at least that number with each of theirs. Susie turned around, "Don't ... forget ... ohhhh ... I ... have ... an ... ass." Their hands were down her panties in back just like Susie asked. I took another 10 pics from everyone's camera.
We broke up the "party" and headed back to our cars, the guys had a number of things to say like, "You are the hottest chick I've ever seen" and, "What a body and what a tease!" and of course, "Can I get a hand job?"
Susie looked back to them and said, "He won't let me blow you and that's too bad! I'd love to!"
In the car, Susie grabbed my camera and went right to the pictures. As she sat there flipping thru the pics my right hand was between her legs, my fingers rubbing between her lips. She said, "That was so fucking hot! You know that guy on the right put his finger in me, right?"
I slid my finders under her panties and into her as I asked her what she was thinking about when she was standing with those guys
She said, "Ohhh, keep your ... fingers in meeee ... I thought ... should I take my top off? ... God, I wanted to! How many people ... in the office building ... were watching ... meeee? And, I wanted ... to blow them both ... right then, right there ... so you could film me."
I said, with my finger all the way in her, "Did you like him fingering you in front of that office?"
Susie said, "Hell yes ... it was fucking great. Next time I get to blow them, OK? Please?"
I said, "Are you going to wear that skirt to school or just walk around in your panties?" She said, "You'll make me wear a skirt, but I'll be fucking flashing everyone I can".
As we pulled into the school parking lot, I asked if she was ready for school. She said, "I'm so horny, I don't care what anyone sees today."
I said, "Keep it cool, Ms. Sexy as shit, I'll see you later." ----------- Susie bounced out of the car and skipped up to the doors. Her little skirt was flipping up as she skipped, showing her panties, she didn't care - actually she did care, she loved it! As the day went on, she was creating a lot of "energy" for the guys. I don't know how many pictures people took, but I was copied on at least 15 texts with pictures up her skirt. All of the pics were hot, some really hot! And, I'm sure I didn't get to see all the ones that were taken!
One pic had Susie standing with her arm around Steve in the hallway. He was facing the camera and she was facing him on her tip toes. Steve had both his hands on Susie's ass under her skirt. One of his hands was under her panties, the other was on top. Of course, there were a bunch of guys around them taking pics.
There was a video Susie in the middle of Dan, Mike and 2 other guys. Each of the guys was flipping Susie's skirt up, in both the front and the back and she was playfully slapping them. She'd turn to slap Mike and one or two of the other guys would grab her skirt and hold it up. Then she would try to slap someone else and the other guys would lift her skirt.
There was a video of John and Susie walking down the hall. John was holding her skirt up in the back, it looked like Susie didn't know, but everyone they walked by certainly did. There were 4 guys following Susie about 3 feet behind her.
And there were pics of Susie standing on the 3rd step of the stairs that led to the second floor. She was talking to another cheerleader. There were 3 guys who were standing on the first floor next to the stairs which put Susie's pussy at eye level to them. They were holding their cameras inches away from her pussy as they took pictures. Susie kept chatting away, apparently not noticing the guys and their cameras.
So that was my girlfriend's fun day at school. We met at 4 when school was over and we walked to my car. I had my hand on her ass under her skirt the whole way to the car. I couldn't wait to hear how she felt!
So, I had two more days to do what I wanted with Susie, so I said, "I have an idea for the weekend, let's go to the beach." I loved taking her to the beach, she looked fantastic in a bikini. The guys would all drool when Susie walked by which Susie certainly noticed and loved. She never wanted to put our blankets down in some far off section of the beach, she wanted to be where guys our age where. Her suits were very skimpy and she wore them very well.
As we were driving, I said, "You've had a fun day and I feel like I owe you - so let's go to the mall tomorrow and I'll buy you a new suit or two. But you have to let me pick them out."
She was excited at the idea, I could tell because I had my hand between her legs again. She said, "Finger me now and I'll let you get me whatever you want tomorrow."
I said, "Ok, I'll finger you, but you have to take your skirt off and blow me as I drive. I want to see that sexy ass like everyone else did at school today."
She said, "Do you know how hot I feel after my day at school? Do you know how many guys had their hands on my ass? I need your cock in my mouth, now!" Off came her little cheerleader skirt and to my surprise and delight, she took her top and bra off too. She looked at me and said, "Is this ok with you?"
And she got on her knees, facing me from the side, unbuckled my pants, took my cock out and began blowing me. As I was driving her ass was easy to see as it was window height. She was moaning and she took my cock out of her mouth and said, "Put my window down, I want the breeze ... on my pussy. Did I tell you that Dan and Mike ... both rubbed my pussy today at school? I hope you don't mind, do you?"
I said, "No." As a car pulled up next to us. I said, "Did you touch them?" We were only going 35 and we were slowing to a stop due to the red light ahead.
The driver yelled over (though he didn't need to yell, we were right next to him), "Wow!! Nice ass!" He took out his phone and took some pictures. I told Susie that he was taking pics of her ass.
She wiggled her ass and said, "I couldn't help it, I rubbed their dicks over their pants when they were rubbing me."
At this point we were stopped at the light, the guy said, "I wish I could reach your sweet ass, ohhh I'd fuck you like crazy."
Susie sat up and looked over to him; he could easily see her beautiful tits. Susie began circling her nipples with her finger and said, "Do you want to stick you dick in my pussy or my mouth?" She was teasing, again and it was sexy as hell! And we pulled away as the light turned green.
I told Susie that she needed to calm down; she only had a couple of hours until she needed to be at the gym for the game. To "finish her off" I had her put her feet up on the dash with her legs spread. I began fingering her like crazy as I drove thru town. She was moaning and moaning. I kept thinking ... when would be the right time to start fucking her?
Stay tuned!