I would like to thank everyone for their words of encouragement to the first installment of My Summer of CFNM. I would suggest reading the first part before the second installment but this may not be necessary.
***
On the 60 mile drive home from Lori's house after my "audition" with the girls I couldn't believe my luck. I had just had the most erotic night of my life with two older women that I'd just met for the first time. It's a wonder I didn't have a wreck on the way home due to mental distractions. I had just stripped and masturbated in front of two ladies armed with a camera and a promise of a repeat performance in front of a half dozen of their friends.
By the time I'd gotten home there was mail from both Brenda and Lori. They both went on about how much they had enjoyed the evening with their "naked man" and looked forward to me being the entertainment at the next girls night at Lori's. I on the other hand was having a "oh shit what did I get myself into" moment.
Over the next several weeks I had numerous emails with Brenda and Lori about the party. I asked about the ladies who would attend my party. Lori told me they ranged in age from 40's to 60's and that they were all good friends and are a lot of fun when they get together. I was concerned because I'd been told at the audition that I would be doing a cum shot the night of the party. What if I got to "shy" to cum. Lori told me that probably won't be an issue, that one of the ladies will likely be willing to "lend a hand."
During this time we settled on a date and the girls said they were almost ready to send out the invitations to the party. They wanted to get the photos back to include a few of the best ones with the invitations.
The girls sent me a copy of the invitation when it went out. It did little to calm my nerves about what I was about to do.
Lori wrote, "Girls I want to you meet the entertainment for our next girls night. Brenda brought him to my attention and let me tell you we had a fun time at a little audition we had him do. Of course you can see that for yourselves in the pictures." And yes she did include her favorite "by the balls pic." I had no idea how it looked until that moment. Lori has her face next to my ass with a big grin and my balls in her right hand offered up to the camera in a most obscene way.
With the party a week out I knew it was time to make preparations for my big night. I did some serious manscaping. I always kept myself trimmed up but I wanted a more naked look for this night. The only other thing I did was not masturbate for the five days before the party. I wanted to have a big load for the girls.
When the Saturday of the party finally rolled around I was definitely nervous but I'd made up my mind to simply go with it. I sure as hell was not going to back out when this might be my only chance at an opportunity like this.
Lori lived in a nice community in a small town called Spring Hill. When I arrived there were a number of cars parked along the street in front of her house. With a lump in my throat I walked up to the front door, and rang the bell.
Brenda answered the door with a big smile and a hug. Her breasts pushed against my chest set the evening in motion for me. Brenda took me by the hand and walked me into the living room where the ladies were seated all around the room. They all had drinks and gave a cheer as I was led in. I was introduced to everyone and promptly forgot their names.
A drink was put in my hand and I was given a seat in the middle of the couch between two ladies whose named I do remember. To my right was Penny, a late 50's tall blonde woman. She was the Walgreens manager. She wasted no time in telling me how she'd had fun developing my audition pics and that I was now safely in her "collection." Susan the woman on my left played a role in a later Spring Hill adventure. Susan was probably the youngest in the group with a mane of long dark hair and a tantilizing slightly shear long dress. They made small talk about how nice it was to meet me and how we were all going to have a very fun night.
After two large margaritas I was getting into the whole scene. With drinks running low I was given the task to make the next batch. When I returned to the living room the ladies had formed the chairs in a long line. Brenda and Lori each took an arm and escorted me to the front of the room. The time had come that I'd been thinking about for almost a month. Think I looked a bit like the proverbial deer in the headlights so the girls decided to take things into their own hands. Lori began unbuttoning my shirt while Brenda removed my shoes and socks. I'm soon standing in front of the group in just a pair of jeans. The girls made a big show of undoing and unzipping my jeans. With a glance between them in one motion my jeans were at my feet and the hoots started coming from the audience. There I was in front of a total of eight dressed women and all I have on is a pair of cotton bikinis with a growing bulge in the front. Brenda and Lori turned me around so my ass is toward the audience. I feel them hook fingers in either side of my bikinis and know the moment is at hand. As they slowly slide my underwear down the first camera flash goes off.
Before I'm turned around Brenda reaches in and gives me a few strokes to get me up to a good half chub. And then I'm turned around and amid hooting hollering and clapping, my evening of CFNM had truly begun.
The first order of business was to have me present myself to the woman on the far right. I walk over and stand a couple of feet in front of her. She motions me closer with a finger and when I'm in reach she wraps her hand around my cock and proceeds to casually stroke it. With a big grin she releases me and I'm sent on the next lady. It pretty much goes the same way on down the line till I get to the next the last woman Susan. Susan points one finger in the air and gives the classic twirl motion. I turn away and soon feel her hands on my ass. She smacks one cheek then gives the other cheek a squeeze. Then she tells me to bend over. I bend over but she wants me further over. Then she tells me to reach back with both hands and spread myself open for her. I knew it was coming but it was still a rush to feel a finger directly on the old copper penny. She doesn't push it in and I'm sent on to the final lady in the row. In the meantime Lori and disappeared with my clothes to "put them up for safe keeping."
Once my introductions were finished the girls all wanted to pose for pics with me. I was fondled, stroked, smacked, pinched, for what seemed like a long time. The whole time I was rock hard and leaking copious amounts of precum that the ladies took delight in using as lube. Penny was going to have a lot of photos to develop.
After at least an hour of continuous stimulation my balls were getting that not so distant ache of needing to cum. I think the girls felt this as well. Lori told me to lay down on the floor that they wanted to play a game with my cock. Well as soon as I laid down Susan moved to stand over me spread that full dress out and proceeded to put a very wet panty covered pussy on my face. I knew what to do and went to work with my tongue. When I later saw the pictures, it was hot, the dress totally kept Susan covered up as I tongued her pussy. After a couple of minutes of licking her damp panty covered crotch a finger finds it's way in, hooks the leg opening pulls the panties aside and I'm face to face with one nicely trimmed and fine tasting pussy. About this time I feel activity on both sides of my body and suddenly hands are everywhere. One hand is palming my balls as another hand begins a serious stroking that is leading to only one thing. With Susan's clit in my mouth and my tongue doing a fast up and down motion, I explode. I hear cheers and clapping and see flashes going off. Without a doubt this was the most intense orgasm of my life.
When Susan dismounts my face I have eight women looking down at my cum covered body. I just close my eyes never wanting to forget this moment.
During the following week all the ladies at the party email me to thank me for a fun evening. As Penny got the pics developed Lori sent me a selection of her favorites.
This was not my last trip to Spring Hill. More adventures awaited me in my Summer of CFNM.