I awoke before Sara and was lying in bed enjoying her naked body. As I was recapping the night in my head I realized there must be more to how Sara and Britney met. A lot of Questions were rolling through my head. I quietly got out of bed and decided to make us breakfast.
I was scrambling some eggs when Sara walked into the kitchen and gave me a peck on the cheek. She thanked me for cooking and grabbed some plates from the cupboard. We sat down at the table and started shoveling the food in. We were both starving. I wanted to start asking all my questions so I just blurted out "Britney is awesome!" and flashed Sara a huge grin.
Sara just grinned back and took another bite of eggs. I wanted to know more about what went on at the night club so I asked if there was more to her story that I missed. Sara mumbled with a mouth full of eggs, "oh yeah!" She choked down her bite and started to explain.
I just kept eating as she explained how when they were both in the VIP room and guys kept coming up to the table offering them drinks. Britney kept turning them down but she would get whatever she wanted by getting our waitresses attention. She never saw any money or credit cards change hands. It turned out that the night club is one of her husband's businesses.
Sara explained that she was getting frustrated because she really wanted to find her next conquest but she could not leave Britney. I commented that I had no idea that you were attracted to women. Sara blurted out that she did not know either but Britney knew exactly what she was attracted to and knew exactly what to say to her to keep her interested.
Britney must have realized what an exhibitionist Sara is because she would point out to her who was checking them out from a distance. It was really turning her on and she really wanted to find a dick to bring home. Britney was enjoying all the attention as well.
As Sara was telling her tail I could see that she really admired Britney and the power she had. Sara was not only an exhibitionist but she was a little submissive. She would let me tie her up early in our relationship and blind fold her. It was really hot for her to be helpless and not knowing when or what would end up in her pussy or mouth.
She continued her story by saying that Britney really wanted to give them a show and asked if Sara would allow her to lick her pussy right there in the VIP room. Sara was saying that she was very conflicted because she thought the idea was really hot but never thought of a women being "down there". Britney pulled Sara out of her seat and into her lap. Before she could disagree Britney was caressing her thigh. She whispered in her ear and said "my tongue in no different than a man's."
She said that Britney really had her under her spell and she could not stop her. She let her start massaging her clit. As she did she told Sara to look to her left. There was a guy leaning on the bar who had a clear view of everything. Britney had her under her control now.
The next thing she knew she was sitting on the table in front of her with her skirt hiked up and Britney's tongue snaking in and out of her pussy. She was so turned on as she watched all the guys watching. They soon had a crowd around them and some of the guys felt like they could take over for Britney. She did not approve and after pushing a few guys away she just stood up and grabbed Sara by the hand and started heading for the door.
Sara was asking her to wait because she did not want to leave without a cock. She was trying to get her skirt back around her ass with one hand as Britney was dragging her with the other. She tried to explain that to Brittney but she just pulled her out into the parking lot telling not to worry. She had the perfect cock for her to bring home.
Brittney waved her hand at the Valle and he grabbed some keys and ran off. As they waited she told Sara she had a better idea than her plan and to wait a minute and she would explain it in the car. Sara was under her spell and could not disagree. Sara said she parked next to my car and opened her trunk and showed me that dildo. "How could I say no?" she said holding up her hands. I just said that I was glad she brought her home. Just then the phone rang.
Sara quickly got to the phone and looked at the caller ID. "It's Britney!" she said excitedly. She picked it up on the second ring and said "hey there." After a few seconds of listening, she put her hand over the phone and stated with a huge grin "Britney wants us to come to her club tonight." I just smiled back her and Sara just told her we would be there. After a few seconds of Sara just saying "okay!" she hung up.
Sara looked at me and said she needs another outfit and Britney is sending a car for us at 9pm. We have to do a little more shopping. We ran upstairs and got dressed and headed for the mall. As I drove to the mall Sara told me what Britney told her we needed for the evening.