Janet
I rushed to Alice's bedroom when Nicole summoned me. Nicole was dating my daughter, Alice, but they had an open relationship similar to the one I had with my college roommate Donna years ago. Both Nicole and Donna were leaders and philanderers, tolerating and receiving intimacy with other women. It was this draw that lured me to the young vixen. She captivated me and seduced me into entering a relationship with her, and wearing my wedding dress she had me forsake my husband in a ceremony where she became my faux lesbian husband and me promising to be the obedient wife. I'm even having an extramarital affair with a young stripper named April who had assumed the role of my daughter in public.
However, tonight was Alice's prom and Nicole was to accompany her to the dance. Always in control, Nicole had decreed that neither of us was to see Alice's dress before its big reveal and had instructed me not to be home when they returned from the salon. So when I entered Alice's room I let out a gasp as I saw my daughter standing in the middle of her bedroom, her arms bent and clasped demurely over her waist, looking like the living incarnation of Ariel. Her red hair and makeup made her look exactly like the little mermaid, but what drove home the image was the dress; Nicole had acquired an exact replica of the pink and white ballgown from the movie. The fitted dark pink bodice with Juliette style long sleeves had a scooped neckline that showed just a hint of cleavage and a basque waistline that made it obvious she was wearing a very tight corset. The dark pink over skirt, draped open in the front, revealing the floor length white tulle skirt underneath, and the ballgown's wide hem made her waist look even smaller. The only part out of character were the dark glasses and the large pink choker covering most of her neck and draping over the top of her chest and shoulders.
"So what do you think of our little princess," purred Nicole as she walked behind Alice, her hand sliding over the tight fabric over her waist. Her formal hair and makeup was a stark contrast to the casual clothing she wore.
"Absolutely amazing," I breathed. "She almost doesn't look real."
"That was the plan," smiled Nicole. "Now help me get dressed. We do not want to keep our dear Alice in suspense much longer."
Alice stood there patiently, blinded by the glasses, as Nicole approached me and gave me a soft kiss and a playful wink before turning to look at Alice who faced us but was oblivious of what we just did. As Nicole stepped back and slowly unbuttoned her shirt, my eyes locked on her chest as her bra was revealed. Turning her back to me I carefully removed the shirt so as not to damage her hair and unclasped her bra. Nicole gave me a flirtatious smile as I leered at my daughters girlfriend's breasts. Obeying her silent command I knelt down and removed her shoes and unclasped her jeans. Pulling them over her hips I watched as the black satin thong that I had chosen for the big night appeared. Not wanting to concede my lover completely to my daughter, I silently kissed her pubic mound. Nicole waited in her panties as I opened the garment bag holding her dress. While Alice's prom dress was kept a mystery, I had spent days accompanying Nicole as she looked for the perfect dress. Now like a good servant I removed the skirt and approached my lover.
"Please get the camera," ordered Nicole after I finished dressing her.
Alice
I blinked as the glasses were removed. Tonight was the night of my prom, and being an all girl's institution one of the few dances sponsored by the school. While I had fantasied about going to prom since my freshman year, I never thought I would be attending with a lesbian mistress. However, it was not like I had a choice, Nicole's cousin had blackmailed me into dating Nicole, and I allowed her to seep into yet another defining event of my life.
Held on the Friday before the final exam prep week, all the senior girls got the day off to prepare. Nicole took the day off as well and after a light lunch, dressed me in a pink rubber latex long sleeved shirt with a deep neckline. The heavy rubber garment pulled my shoulders back and was extremely tight around my waist, squeezing it like a corset pushing my breasts up giving me the look of ample cleavage. The thick rubber made it hard to move and the slight angle of the sleeves made it only comfortable if I kept my arms at my sides with a slight bend at the elbows.
As Nicole came into focus I was amazed at the sight. She looked incredible. Gracie had done an amazing job, her makeup was gorgeous and her jet black hair cascaded in waves over her shoulders. However, it was her dress, patterned after a tuxedo, that really made her stand out. She looked sexy and masculine at the same time. The black halter style bodice had a plunging collared V-cut neckline that almost went to her navel, exposing the valley between her breasts. Meeting at her waist, two buttons held the front together before parting, creating a blazer like appearance with faux pockets. The ankle length black satin A-line skirt hugged her hips while the thigh high off center slit gave a daring view of her leg. While very provocative, the dress had enough style to keep it from being obscene and showcased her beauty.
After a few moments Nicole turned to face the mirror and my eyes followed, gasping at my reflection. Nicole had Gracie work on my makeup with me facing away from the mirror and the glasses placed on me before they began working on my hair. Nicole had kept me blinded as she brought me home and stripped me of everything except the latex shirt.
Without my sight I stood like a mannequin being dressed by its owner. A pair of heels were placed on my feet before she had me bend forward to insert my butt plug. Nicole then had me step into my dress. It fit tightly around my waist, and she guided my hands into the long tight sleeves inserting my middle fingers into the finger loops, keeping them pulled tightly over my arms. I felt the weight of the dress as Nicole pulled the zipper, molding the bodice to the latex shirt underneath. Standing there in the darkness, my pulse quickened as I felt Nicole attached a collar that covered most of my neck and restricted my head as much as the latex shirt restricted my body. I could move, but the collar was only comfortable if I looked straight ahead. Lastly she fiddled with my wrists, pulling the rings at the end of the latex shirt through the dress sleeves and proceeded to secure them to rings anchored to the waist of the dress, effectively cuffing my hands above my groin.
As Nicole moved next to me I could see the image she wanted to present. Me, dressed in the fancy ball gown looking like the beautiful princess while Nicole in her masculine dress had a more modern chic look. The dresses complemented each other, contrasting our roles as a couple. The vile holding the blood from when she claimed my virginity hung from my collar while the gold chain she used for my leash on New Year's Eve looped around her neck like a stylish necklace, the hidden symbol of her dominance to the collar designed to match my dress expressing my submissiveness.
"You both look amazing," stated my mother as she took a photo of the two of us admiring our reflection. The flash was blinding and I felt the dress try to pull me back to position when I tried to turn my head and lift my arm to cover my eyes.
"Thank you Janet," replied Nicole. "Now can you take one more."
Nicole
I positioned Alice so she was facing her mother, while I stood at her side making sure Janet had a clear shot of my dress and the deep slit. After she snapped the picture I retrieved the camera and smiled as I activated the screen.
When I ordered Alice's dress, I was very specific about the material for her skirt. Made from a white tulle blend, the skirt appeared opaque until exposed to bright light, like a flash, where it turned transparent. While anyone looking would see her in a lovely demure gown, a picture would present a more obscene image as the flash would remove the cover offered by the skirt, exposing Alice's bare legs and crotch. As I reviewed the two pictures, Alice's butterfly tattoo was clearly visible for all to see while no one seemed to pay her nudity any attention.
Alice
After taking many more pictures of me posing alone, with Nicole, with my mom and even photos Nicole had me take of her and my mother, Nicole informed me that our chariot had arrived. As I was led out the door I was amazed at the elegant black limousine Nicole had rented for the occasion and for a few moments I forgot the situation I was in and posed happily with my girlfriend. After several photos, the female chauffeur held the door open as Nicole helped me in. Sitting with my back to the front of the car Nicole quickly re-clasped my hands to my dress bringing me back to the reality that I was a heterosexual girl being taken to my prom by my female lover and mistress. As the driver walked around to the front of the car I could see my mom trying to look in through the window as Nicole secured me, relieved that she could not see the scene happening right before her. Leaning over, Nicole lowered the window allowing my smiling mother to see the two of us.
"Take one last photo before we leave," requested Nicole as she handed my mother her camera. With her arm around me and her hand rather high on my thigh my mother snapped the picture blinding me once again.
"Thank you," stated Nicole as she took the camera and switched to the seat facing me. Then looking to the front, she shouted, "Driver, to the ball!"
Secured as I was, I fidgeted in the soft leather seat as I took in the unique features of the vehicle.
"First time in a limo?" inquired Nicole.
"Yes mistress," I replied, turning my focus to her.
"Sit up straight and give me a lusty smile," ordered Nicole as she brought the camera to her face. The bright flash blinding me once again. "Perfect," smiled Nicole as she checked the photo. "You look absolutely exquisite."
After arriving at the country club, Nicole released my hands and assisted me out of the limo as a photographer captured my exit. Being an all girls school, the theme of the prom was an enchanting evening in the style of Cinderella's ball, and the school had rented a number of horse drawn carriages to bring us up the tree lined drive to the reception hall, ours was red and gold. As I sat in the red leather seat I realized my first carriage ride was also with Nicole, giving her another of my firsts. Thinking of everything that happened over the last four months, there was not much left and made me nervous for what the next four would bring. As we approached the building, done up in a Gothic style, doormen in red coats, along with the headmistress Ms. Lett in her own lovely gown, awaited to greet us.
"Good evening Miss MacHeatly," stated Ms. Lett as Nicole assisted me off the carriage.
"Good evening Headmistress," I replied, giving a curtsy and lifting the edges of my over dress, all captured by the photographer.
"And this must be your consort," added Ms. Lett as she turned her attention to Nicole.
"Nicole Charmer," replied Nicole.
"Well you definitely live up to your name," smirked Ms. Lett as we stood before her.
"As you are aware Ms. MacHeatly, you have been nominated for prom queen by your peers, and the final judging will be based on your appearance and demeanor as well as the votes, these will determine if you receive the crown. Remember that tradition holds that your date will become prom king."
"I'm more than happy to be crowned Alice's king," smiled Nicole in response.
"Then we shall see," stated Ms. Lett as she waved us to doors.
Entering, we passed through the lobby and the doors leading to the balcony overlooking the ballroom. The large circular room with floor to ceiling windows had tables setup around the perimeter with the dance floor in the middle and a stage at the far end. The whole thing looked like the ballroom from the Beauty and the Beast, adding to the princess atmosphere. As we descended the steps another photographer took our official prom portrait with Nicole standing behind me, her arms wrapped around my waist. As the photo was snapped another milestone of my life was taken by Nicole.
Per tradition, a long table was placed in front of the stage to hold the five finalists for prom queen and their dates. Luckily I had the end seat with Nicole to my left, so I did not have much interaction.
"Ladies," announced Ms. Lett from the center of the dance floor. "Welcome to the Kennith Academy senior prom." Ms. Letts waited for the cheers to die down before continuing. "Per tradition, the candidates for prom queen and their dates will each have a turn on the dance floor, followed by the final voting. After which, the prom will officially begin. Then after dinner, we will announce the winner and the queen will be crowned."
I sat there nervously as each nominee was announced and took their place on the dance floor. While a few did okay, a majority fumbled around until their song ended.
"And lastly, Miss Alice MacHeatly and Miss Nicole Charmer," announce Ms. Lett as we stood up and walked to opposite ends of the dance floor.
Waiting for the music to begin, we stood facing each other. When the band started to play, the crowd erupted in giggles and light applause as they recognized the ballroom number from 'The Little Mermaid'. On cue, I approached the center of the dance floor as Nicole sauntered towards me a sly smile on her face, her black stiletto heels making her hips sway with every step she took. Like a lioness stalking her prey, I felt helpless in her presence.
When we reached the center of the dance floor, Nicole did a slight bow, showing off her leg to her upper thigh. I responded with a curtsy before Nicole placed her hand on my waist and took my hand, taking the lead position as I placed mine on her shoulder. Her embrace was controlling and decisive as she twirled me around the dance floor. Comforted under her lead I closed my eyes and let myself be led. When the song ended, Nicole bowed and I curtsied once again, to the loudest applause of the night. Taking my hand Nicole led me back to our table, and I was relieved that our moment in the spotlight was over. Turning to my side, I was in awe of Nicole's presence. Her appearance, her body and her dominant attitude combined with my relief had turned me on, sending a shiver down my spine.
For most of the evening when we were not dancing, Nicole kept me seated with my hands secured to my waist, the posture collar and the rubber shirt making it hard for me to move. As I watched the comradely of my classmates, I felt like an outsider looking in. All the young women laughing and having fun with their friends and dancing with their boyfriends. Even though they were my classmates and this was my prom, I still felt like Nicole's prop. Her puppet that she controlled with my strings.
It seemed like my rather public coming out had inspired other girls to do the same, as there were a number of same sex couples attending the dance. Several that I have kissed over the past few months myself. All following the path that I blazed. However, Jacklyn, my closeted classmate and sometimes mistress, was not one of them. Dating Nicole's ex Kathy both were in the closet and had pretend boyfriends who were also closeted. The irony of Jacklyn sitting in the crowd with a rather good-looking boy pretending to be a heterosexual couple while heterosexual me was blackmailed into being the girlfriend of a dominate lesbian did not escape me. I couldn't help wonder how much more of a topic her sex life would be if they know she was in a dom/sub relationship with a cheerleader. Would she and Kathy be sitting up here and me just a person in the crowd enjoying my date and talking with my best friend Kim.
But Kim, who used to be my best friend, was there with her boyfriend David. He was a goth with a rather unhinged personality, I tried to convince Kim that he was not the best for her. However, just before I got her to agree with me, his friend Susan trapped me in my present relationship with Nicole. Then Susan, becoming Kim's new best friend, let it leak to her parents that I was a lesbian who spent years trying to corrupt their daughter, refusing to let her talk to me. Susan even got them to accept David, who they also disliked, but believed her dating a boy was better than her falling under the influence of a lesbian. So the only person I could talk to or would believe I was not gay refused to talk to me. She even looked different, her hair now dyed a dark red, contrasting with her pale skin. Wearing dark makeup and a deep red and black strapless dress, she looked like my evil sister.
After dinner Ms. Lett had me and the other runners-up stand in the middle of the dance floor. "Ladies, we have counted the votes and are ready to announce this year's prom queen. As you know it's tradition that the student with the most votes be elected prom queen and her escort king," stated Ms. Lett as she looked at Nicole to the laughter of the crowd. "So let me introduce you all to your Queen Alice MacHeatly, and King Nicole Charmer!"
I stood there in shock as the gold sash was draped over my shoulder and the gold tiara was placed on my head, all to the applause of the crowd. I couldn't believe I was just elected prom queen. Six months ago I doubt most of my classmates even knew who I was, and now I was being hugged and congratulated by the other girls before being led around the dance floor once again by Nicole.
"Congratulations on becoming queen my puppet," smiled Nicole as she held me in her arms.
"Thank you mistress," I whispered back as I looked into her eyes. The gold crown atop her head added to the masculine image of her dress. Even though I did not want to be in a lesbian relationship, I could not help but feel protected by Nicole when I got knocked off balance. She was my anchor, and being held in her arms helped soothe my nerves, both mental and physical. Yet I shouldn't get turned on by this. To get excited by being in the arms of another woman as she took the role of my protector. It's just easier to let her have control and deal with the world for me as I let her pull my strings and lead me around.
"You know that I'm now your king," purred Nicole, "and I think it would be better for you to call me sire."
"Yes sire," I replied, staying compliant to her demands.
For the next hour or so I was presented to my classmates. Acknowledging Nicole as my king, the alpha title, and being paraded by Ms. Lett, my headmistress, I truly felt like a puppet being guided by her strings. More like a prop than the prom queen.
After posing at the base of the stairs for the official prom king/queen photo, Nicole pulled me up the grand staircase and towards the bathroom in the mostly empty lobby. The few girls in there gave us little bows, giggling that the prom 'king' was in the women's bathroom. As none of them really knew me, the heterosexual girls exited the bathroom after the fun of the moment wore off, leaving only Sally, Megan, Nicole and me.
Sally and Megan were two classmates that were openly gay. In fact, before they started dating each had pursued and coerced a kiss from me. Sally, not willing to take no for an answer, had been especially aggressive in her pursuit, placing her hand up my skirt to see if I was following the no panty rule every chance she got. Now I was alone with these two lesbians and Nicole, who would take voyeuristic pleasure watching me with both of them.
"Congratulations Alice," chirped Sally. "I'm so excited you guys won."
"Thank you," responded Nicole. "It's been an exciting and fun night for us, but the best is yet to come."
"I bet," smiled Megan as she appraised Nicole. "Before we started dating, Sally and I had asked Alice out, and she turned both of us down. But meeting you I can see why. I wish I had a body to pull off wearing a dress like that."
"That is really nice of you to say," purred Nicole as she exposed her bare leg through the slit and pushed out her chest. "I appreciate the compliment but you two have nothing to be ashamed of, you both look amazing. Funny, Alice never mentioned your interest in her to me," Nicole added as she caressed my cheek.
I stood motionless. I knew Nicole took great delight in me being intimate with other women and would have woven some erotic adventure with them. However, my life was turned upside down enough with Nicole after school and I already had to deal with Jacklyn. "We were preoccupied at the time, sire," I finally mumbled, accepting I was not going to escape Nicole's devious imagination.
"That may have been the case but that does not mean we couldn't fit in a little fun," responded Nicole as she walked over to Megan and caressed her hair. "You look like you like to have fun."
Before the surprised Morgan could answer Nicole slipped her hand behind her head and pulled her in for a kiss. Morgan had no choice but to obey as Nicole held her head in place. As the shock of the kiss wore off, Morgan responded to Nicole's actions and wrapped her arms around Nicole as she gave her a harder and more passionate kiss.
I stood there in complete amazement as my girlfriend kissed another woman in front of her own girlfriend. Even though I was straight and had no interest in kissing another female, the awkwardness I felt slowly turned into jealousy as I watched. Deep down I still felt some sort of betrayal, and while I kept telling myself I did not want to have a sexual relationship with another woman, the emotion was still there.
"Wow," moaned Megan as they finally broke the kiss. "That was good."
"What do you mean it was good," snapped Sally. "You actually have the audacity to kiss another woman in front of me and the first thing you say is that it was good?!"
"There is no need to snap," purred Nicole. "You are more than welcome to kiss the prom queen."
Immediately my eyes turned to Sally. She wasn't tall, about 5'2, a few inches shorter than me. But her body was perfectly proportioned and showcased by her dress. The strapless corset style bodice hugged her torso and exposed the tops of her small but round breasts as the A-line skirt with inverted pleats flowed out to a short hemline. However, what really stood out was her face. Framed by her black hair, styled in a short pixie cut with the tips of her bangs dyed a bright pink to match her dress. Her large brown doe eyes gave her the look of innocence while her pixie nose hinted at being mischievous. But what really stood out was her full, kissable lips coated in a juicy pink lipstick.
As we stared at each other her lips formed a sly smile revealing the thoughts going through her head. My heart pounded and I tensed up as she started to walk towards me. A shiver ran through my body as my feelings of fear and jealousy battled with my feeling of arousal and desire. I couldn't believe how my body was responding, fueled by its need to avenge Nicole's act of betrayal. It was so wrong, but my body was reacting the way Nicole had trained it to.
As she came to a stop in front of me the hunger was obvious in her eyes. Reaching out she ran her hands up my arms, and back down my breasts and around my waist pulling my body close to hers. I could feel her breasts pressing against mine as our bodies molded against each other. Closing my eyes, I leaned forward and what started as a soft kiss became more aggressive and primal as she pushed her tongue deep into my mouth. After finally breaking the kiss, we both breathed deeply as the taste of cotton candy from her lipstick lingered on my lips.
"It's exciting being naughty and faithful at the same time," purred Nicole as she kissed Morgan once again.
Sally only smiled as she pulled me in for another strong kiss.
_______
"I cannot believe we actually did that," laughed Sally as she touched up her lipstick.
"What, you never made out with a girl in the bathroom?" teased Nicole as she placed her lipstick back into her purse.
"Actually the last girl I kissed in the bathroom was Alice," replied Sally. "However, that time I had to corner her and demanded a kiss to let her escape."
"I'm surprised you actually had to trap her," stated Nicole.
"I'm surprised you only demanded a kiss," added Morgan with a smirk.
"Well I didn't think I would get away with asking to kiss her other lips," responded Sally.
"I'm sure Alice would have been more than happy to let you kiss her other lips," laughed Nicole. "Am I right?"
Even though I was the center of the conversation I did my best to keep quiet, foolishly hoping it would all just end. "Yes, mistress," I finally mumble.
"Mistress?!" questioned Morgan. "Kinky, and here we were trying to court Alice when what we really needed to do was collar her."
"So do you still want to kneel before you prom queen?" Asked Nicole.
"Are you serious?" gasped Sally. "Here?"
"I dare you," challenged Morgan.
Just then a group of girls entered the bathroom giggling as they passed us. "Follow me," ordered Nicole.
Just outside the bathroom was a small sitting area with a red velvet sofa on the far wall, and two Queen Ann chairs placed on either side of the fireplace. Taking my hand, Nicole guided me to one of the ornate chairs and turned it to face the lobby. Lifting the back of my dress she guided me down, positioning my ass on the front edge of the seat, the soft red velvet coming in direct contact with my bare ass. The latex undergarment and neck corset made me sit as straight as would be expected of a queen ready to meet her royal subject.
"Well, are you ready?" challenged Nicole.
"What?! Out here? Are you serious?" asked Sally looking around to see if anyone was watching.
"Why not?" asked Nicole. "No one will see you under her dress."
"But how will I get her underwear off," asked Sally nervously.
"She's not wearing any," offered Nicole.
"Go ahead, I dare you," hissed Morgan.
With a mischievous smile on her face Sally removed her heels and walked towards me before dropping to her knees. Nervous about being caught doing such an obscene act, I quickly pulled up the white tulle covering my legs, creating the most unlady like image as Sally shuffled under my dress while Morgan stood behind her, letting her dress provide cover.
I felt Sally's hair tickle my thighs and heard her little squeal as she discovered the butterfly tattoo decorating my vagina but was unsure if she was able to read the words 'GIRLS ONLY' in the wings as she moved her head in position between my thighs and started to lick my folds. My breath short and rapid as I sat rigid. As I sat trying not to draw attention, Nicole turned the other chair and took a seat, the slit of her dress revealing her legs as she crossed them.
"Morgan, would you be so kind as to take our picture?" asked Nicole as she held up her camera.
"I would be happy to," replied Morgan as she took the camera and focused on the three of us. "On the count of three. One. Two. Three." Sally turned her head, no doubt to playfully smile at the camera under my dress just before the bright flash of Nicole's camera blinded me.
"There you ladies are," stated Ms. Lett as she finished climbing the stairs. Sally froze in between my legs upon hearing the headmistress's voice.
"I've been looking for you two," continued Ms. Lett. "We need to take a few more pictures, but I think the two of you found the perfect place. Morgan, go back to the ballroom and tell the photographer and the runners-up to come here."
"Right away headmistress," replied Morgan nervously as she hurried for the stairs.
"Yes, this will make a perfect background," stated Ms. Letts as she walked behind my chair. "Tell me Alice, are you enjoying yourself?"
"Yes Ms. Lett," I groaned as I felt Sally giggle into my crotch and start to slowly lick me.
The photographer setup in front of us and took several pictures of Nicole and I sitting in front of the fireplace, looking regal. Ms. Lett then had the four other girls stand between the chairs, and then each sitting on the small stool beside my chair. All the while I did my best to keep a subdued face as Sally continued to explore me with her tongue, happy the stiffness of the latex shirt and neck corset kept me in position.
As Sally finally made me cum I let out a gasp and a small whimper. Morgan laughed in the corner as the classmates by my side turned to see what I was doing.
"Are you okay?" asked Ms. Lett.
"I'm fine Ms. Lett," I squeaked.
"Excellent," responded Ms. Lett. "Now if it's okay with you I think this would be the perfect time to have some faculty pose with the prom queen."
I let out a soft moan in reply as Sally started to lick me once again.
__________________
Next Wednesday, my official prom portrait was unveiled with all the past prom king and queen portraits. The giggles from my classmates echoed around me as I stared at the photo, taken at the base of the stairs, just after being crowned queen. However, what was mortifying was the flash turned the tulle of the front of my dress transparent and my legs were clearly visible through the material. And while I was standing at a slight angle, a dark patch that was my tattoo was clearly visible.
The reason for Nicole's bright flash suddenly became clear to me. In a normal picture, the front of my dress would appear white, as I saw in the pictures Nicole took with her phone. But a bright flash, like the one on Nicole's camera, would turn the front of my dress transparent making it look like my crotch was being exposed for all to see.