Emily finds herself back in a strange parallel world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced. This is a sequel to Emily 2.0. It is recommended to read that first.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Six weeks had passed since the genital enhancement therapy. Six weeks of wearing a steel collar with chains and cuffs to prevent her from masturbating. Six weeks of orgasm denial. Well, not complete denial. Showering with Elizabeth had become a necessary daily event, since Emily now needed assistance with the task of washing and shaving, and it always ended in cunnilingus and a welcome orgasm. It wasn't enough, though. That meant begging Collingwood for a reprieve from her restraints, but, even when he was willing, he had been preoccupied with his work and unavailable for the last few weeks. Similarly, Madison had been busy and difficult to track down most days of late. That just left couplings with men, which were few and far between due to spending the majority of her time in her office or the women's quarters because of the collar and cuffs. There was a haunted look to her eyes from the constant arousal and need to get off, while not being able to. At the same time, she saw the cuffs as a necessary evil. If it wasn't for them, she'd likely do little else than plunge her fingers into her pussy, no matter who was around or what she was doing. She had completely lost control of her self-restraint in that regard.
Collingwood still hadn't replaced the IUD, but that situation had become a little tricky. The General had got wind of it during the process of arranging for the genital enhancing therapy, and he had since officially ordered Collingwood not to replace it. While that didn't make replacing it completely out of the question (it was a secret before, and it could easily be a secret again), she had the birth control implant to fall back on anyway, so it wasn't a priority. Still, it troubled her.
Tick... tick...
Looking in the mirror, she lifted her elbows up and raised her hands as far as the chains allowed. Then she turned to her side. There was no denying it now. Her body looked different. Her breasts had definitely shrunk, but her areola had gone the opposite way. They now puffed out prominently, while her nipples still stood constantly at attention since the day after the genital enhancing procedure. The effect was almost obscene. Not just boobs, which were visible everywhere in this place, but somehow a more sexualised version demanding attention and desire. Emily was almost glad of the collar and cuffs, which allowed her to keep them covered with her forearms for the most part.
Her eyes drifted downwards. Her stomach was definitely flatter, and she could see a hint of abdominal muscles. Her arms and legs were also looking more muscular than usual. It would be easy to assume that she'd signed up for CrossFit or weight training, but she hadn't been exercising any more than usual, and definitely not with weights.
She chanced a look at her pubic area. She had grown to loathe looking at herself down there. It wasn't just the lack of pubic hair, she was well used to its absence now, it was her labia minora. Her fear that the therapy would change her appearance had been realised. While they always protruded slightly, now they were completely obvious. Even with her legs together they were still visible. Madison and Elizabeth were both shocked at how much her genitals had changed. Both commented that they had never seen such a discernible transformation before, but they assured Emily that she still looked beautiful and there were plenty of other women with a similar appearance. Emily wasn't convinced, though, and loathed that it was always on display in this place whether she liked it or not, and that any man could command her to get into a position for a better look anytime he wanted. That, however, also triggered her humiliation kink, so she was trapped in a cycle of hating that people could see her altered anatomy in such detail, while relishing every second of it.
The thought increased the need to cum to a new level of urgency. Madison's current whereabouts were unknown so she would have to find Collingwood and beg him to release her for a few minutes, no matter how busy he was. That of course would be humiliating, and the bastard would surely toy with her for some time before he allowed it, but there was little choice in the circumstances. To her surprise, though, he barely hesitated. One look at the wild-eyed woman before him must have been enough to convince him, the moment he set eyes upon her.
"R-Rod, I need you to let me free for a minute," she nervously greeted on entering the lab.
It had been some weeks since she'd been in the lab for any length of time and she noted a few changes, including several metallic, bullet-shaped objects, slightly shorter but of a similar girth to soda cans, arranged on his desk. Her curiosity about them was secondary to her current need, though.
"Good morning, 7GQA9E. What is it I can do for you?" Collingwood began, before even looking up from his work. When he did, his expression immediately changed to one of concern. "Oh, I see. Very well."
With that, he produced the key and removed the collar and cuffs from Emily's neck and wrists. Emily immediately seized the opportunity to masturbate without even considering his presence for a moment. It was hardly the first time she'd done this in front of him anyway. It had almost become normal behaviour. She remained standing, and instantly exploded in orgasm the moment her fingers contacted her clitoris. Her knees buckled and her body convulsed spasmodically as waves of pleasure overwhelmed her. One orgasm had barely finished when another overtook her.
Collingwood watched on, his initial concern now giving way to increasing arousal. She truly was breathtaking, and seeing her performance was certainly ticking all of the right boxes. A desire to get off suddenly overwhelmed him as well, so he took position beside her, unzipped, and placed her left hand against his bulging erection. She took it unthinkingly and began pumping it with as much fury as she was applying to her own genitals.
Soon, his knees also buckled as he ejaculated onto the lab floor. Breaking away from her grip, he gathered some paper towel to clean himself up and also the mess on the floor, not failing to notice that Emily's activity had still not abated. He realised he would need to intervene, but something else also grabbed his attention.
"'Present', 7GQA9E," he commanded.
Emily glanced at him briefly on hearing the command but did not respond. Instead, she continued rubbing her clitoris with determination, convulsing as yet another orgasm washed over her.
"Look, you're going to do yourself an injury if you don't stop," he tried. "You really need to cease that now and 'Present'. I have other matters I wish to discuss."
Emily rolled her eyes and finally obeyed, placing her hands behind her neck, as she had become accustomed to over the last few weeks, instead of behind her back as the 'Present' position normally required.
After thanking her for finally obeying, he proceeded to walk around her, looking her up and down with a slightly puzzled expression.
"You look different, 7GQA9E. I guess I've had my head down and been completely oblivious to everything else around me lately, including you. Perhaps longer than I thought. Unless it has just been some time since I last viewed your fine form without your hands restrained? Have you been dieting or exercising more than usual?"
"No, nothing," she replied, fighting the urge to continue masturbating by focussing on his words. "If anything, I've been eating more than usual. I put it down to the adrenaline of my current situation triggering my appetite."
"You are noticeably leaner," he noted. "It is particularly apparent in your breasts. They seem to have shrunken considerably. No wait, it's more than that. They have changed shape, particularly your areola. Congratulations, 7GQA9E, it seems that you have the highly desirable puffy nipple style of breast now."
"I noticed that too," she grimly nodded. "I'm not sure I'm pleased with it, plus I was given no warning that this might happen. It certainly hasn't happened to anyone else who had the therapy. At least no one I know who has had it."
"Then, what makes you different to everyone else..." he mused out loud. "Clearly, it's hormonal..."
Emily just shrugged despondently as his thoughts trailed off.
"Oh my God! How could I have been so stupid!" he suddenly exclaimed.
"What?" she asked, dreading what he might reveal, while simultaneously wondering if he might have a solution.
"Your birth control implant! That's what makes you different to other women here. It must be reacting to the genital enhancement therapy, triggering a double whammy of hormonal changes within you."
Emily's face instantly contorted into a mixture of horror and stunned epiphany. It couldn't have hit harder than an open slap. She suddenly felt very stupid. It seemed obvious now, and it had been right in front of them all along.
"Oh my God! Do you think it's reversible?"
"Of that, I have no idea," Collingwood shrugged, tapping his pen on his temple in thought. "Biology, as you're aware, is not something I have formally studied. However, I think we should start with removing the implant at least. That should give your body a chance to recover and hopefully return it closer to its former state, albeit enhanced somewhat by the effects of the genital enhancement therapy. How much, I couldn't say. Perhaps the changes are permanent? On the upside, though, if that does turn out to be the case, then it will still provide excellent humiliation value for you. You still are outstandingly attractive. Arguably even more so now."
"Um... I assume then that you'll replace the IUD?" Emily asked, ignoring his other comments for the moment. As troubling as it was to consider that the changes to her body might be permanent, any hope of solving it began with removing the implant, but that also opened up the probability of falling pregnant.
"That concern should be far down your list of priorities, my dear 7GQA9E," Collingwood casually replied.
"Well, of course, my implant has to come out, but I still don't want to get pregnant," Emily protested.
"And why not?" Collingwood asked. "I must side with the General on this point. Surely you know by now that's the deal in this place. I've respected your bodily autonomy by not insisting that we remove the implant up until this point. Now, with the wisdom of hindsight, I wish I had. It certainly would have saved you from these troubles, as fun as they have been for both of us."
Emily sighed and rolled her eyes before responding.
"C'mon, Rod. What he doesn't know won't hurt him. If you want to continue respecting my bodily autonomy, then you'll do as I ask."
"No."
"Just 'No'? That's it?" Emily gasped, her patience wearing thin.
"I'm afraid so," Collingwood answered, but there was at least some sympathy in his tone. "You must remember that we are guests here, and there are certain conditions that come with that. I don't want to piss off the General, for one. He has been very generous with his funding of my projects, giving me the freedom to work on pretty much anything I like. The inter-dimension comms system, for example, is nearing completion, and I must shortly return to our world to establish the other end."
"You're going home? How long for? Can I come too?" Emily asked, momentarily distracted by the news.
"I envision the project should take me some six to eight weeks, including the installation of the deep space satellite, assuming nothing goes awry," Collingwood replied. "Unfortunately, our Earth does not have a legal nudity program in place, at least not yet, and I would hate for you to have to dress again."
"What do you mean by 'not yet'?" Emily asked suspiciously. "They're not planning something, are they?"
"It is too early to make an announcement, but it would seem necessary to implement a public nudity policy if representatives from this Earth are to be stationed on ours. That also will pave the way for you to return to our Earth on future visits without having to resort to wearing clothing again."
"You're fucking kidding me, Rod! My family and everyone I grew up with live there! I don't want them to see me like this!"
"Are you ashamed of your body or your true self?" Collingwood asked. "I assure you that you have nothing to be ashamed about. Plus, you are representing our Earth's affairs in a foreign place. That alone is deserving of respect. Stand tall and proud, 7GQA9E. You are serving, not just your country, but the whole planet."
"Do I get any say in the matter, or what?" Emily fretted.
"Are you saying that you would not want to pioneer this world's ways on ours? You have clearly seen the benefits to almost all facets of human society. Would you not want to bring those same conditions to our world? It is clearly a dying planet. Perhaps this could save it, and your nudity could play a major role. Plus, we both know that your dark side would completely relish the experience."
Emily's knees suddenly threatened to give out at the thought of being nude back on her home world. It was one thing doing it here amongst a population where all women were nude. To do it at home was a whole other ballgame. She would be alone, or close enough to it, surrounded by a sea of clothed people. People she knew, and who knew her. It would be completely mortifying, to say the least. Before she could think of a response, Collingwood continued.
"Fear not for now. It is some time away yet, if it happens at all," he assured her. "Back to the matter at hand, we should see about removing your birth control implant. Hopefully your body will then recover to some semblance of normality in due course. I hope you understand my position on the IUD situation. Unfortunately, it must be factored into the bigger picture and our responsibility as guests here."
"Well, I'm not comfortable with the idea of having no birth control whatsoever, but I do agree that we need to remove my implant regardless," Emily agreed. "Perhaps I can approach the General and gain his approval, once I explain that I'm an ambassador and a temporary guest, so my reproductive contribution to this place shouldn't be required. Surely, everything else I go along with should be enough already?"
"Perhaps..." Collingwood nodded absent-mindedly; his attention now focussed on the teleporter in front of him. "Now, if you could just take position at yonder desk and hold still for a few minutes. I need to get a lock on the implant with the teleporter so I can remove it."
Emily had barely got into the position when he announced that he'd removed it successfully. She hadn't felt a thing. She rubbed the spot on her arm to check for its presence, but the telltale lump was no longer there. It was definitely gone.
"Hard to believe that this little thing caused so much trouble," he commented, holding it up to Emily's view between his thumb and forefinger.
Emily swallowed at the realisation that she now had no protection against pregnancy, but she also knew that she had a few weeks' grace before that was likely to be a problem. She could also try to stay away from situations where she might be vaginally coupled with. In the meantime, Plan A would be to continue to work on Collingwood and get him to agree to go behind the General's back. That would start now while the topic was still fresh. Plan B would be to approach the General and attempt to get him to see reason. While she had more implants, they were now out of the question, so the IUD was her only hope.
She approached Collingwood and feigned an interest in the implant as she considered another way to convince him. Desperation in an attempt to gain his sympathy was the only move that sprung to mind.
"C'mon, Rod, I know you don't really want me to get pregnant again," she whined. "Just give me the IUD already!"
"C'mon, Emily," he replied, mimicking Emily's tone, "you wouldn't deprive me of the opportunity of seeing you swollen with child, would you? It truly is a beautiful sight. I should order you to go out and couple with as many men as possible at once."
"Now you're fucking with me," Emily sighed, rolling her eyes at the realisation, but perhaps it was a sign that he was teasing her about everything else as well. "So, can I have the IUD back already?"
"Well, as much as I might be inclined to do that for you, I was telling the truth that it has political ramifications," he replied. "There is another complication as well. The General now has a short-range teleporter in his possession. Should he become suspicious as to your lack of fertility, he could detect the IUD's presence in an instant."
"Oh crap, what did you give him that for?"
"He asked for it," Collingwood shrugged. "I could hardly deny him."
"So, what am I gonna do?" Emily asked, waving her hands in exasperation.
"There may be another option..." he began.
"And what's that?"
"Well, what do men do when they ask you to 'Display' and they note the presence of a tampon?"
"They usually do me anally or get a blow job or they just move on," Emily considered. "Wait, you're telling me to wear a tampon whenever I go out?"
"Exactly."
"So, my choices are anal or risk pregnancy?"
"So it would seem," he grinned. "I would suggest pre-lubing that lovely rosebud of yours in anticipation."
"Do you want a slap?" she suggested with a frown.
The solution wasn't a great one, since she still found anal extremely distasteful, but she tried to rationalise it. Perhaps she needn't resort to it too frequently? Most of her encounters with men were with either the General or Collingwood these days. The General only ever wanted blow jobs, and Collingwood she could trust to take suitable precautions, despite his proclivity for gaslighting her. The only real time she needed to be concerned was when she visited the other labs and the general population, or when she went off base. In those circumstances, it would be easy to add a tampon whether she needed one or not. Of course, the downside of that was a much-increased chance of being anally penetrated, and it was a major downside, but that was a far better option than risking fertilisation. However, it was still only a band-aid solution that would only get her so far. The General would still be watching her, and he would surely meddle and ask questions if she remained barren for too long. She began to feel extremely uncomfortable for what the coming weeks may hold. It seemed her life was to become preoccupied with avoiding vaginal sex and questions about her lack of pregnancy. It was a ticking time bomb.
Tick... tick...
Frowning, she changed the topic to make further conversation. She had nowhere else to be at that moment, and keeping on top of whatever Collingwood was up to was generally prudent.
"So, when are you leaving for Earth 1, Rod?" she began.
"I expect two or three weeks from now at my current progress," he replied. "This Earth's ship will return with me too so we can see about the weapons upgrades as well. That may also take some time, but I expect others can see about that while I focus on the comms system. I'll be back before you know it."
"So, there won't be any ships here for like two months?" Emily asked in some alarm. "What if there's an emergency and one of us needs to return?"
"That, unfortunately, is in the hands of the Gods," Collingwood shrugged, "but hopefully this will be the last time we find ourselves in this situation. Once the weapons upgrades are done, each world will have a fully equipped ship at their disposal, and soon several more."
Emily suddenly remembered that Madison and Elizabeth had been training as pilots and crew. If they went on the mission as well, she would be left all alone, and it wasn't a good time to be without friends.
"Does Madison know about this? Will she be piloting the Earth 2 ship back to Earth 1?"
"No, this first mission will have an all-male crew from here," Collingwood replied, giving Emily some relief, "but I assume future missions will allow females from here once we have a nudity policy in place on our home world. Likewise with female personnel from our world coming here in due course. They will need to go through Debutante and be trained in the local customs. I imagine your experience will be called upon when that happens."
"As long as they're fully apprised of the situation, and they fully consent, before they even set foot on a ship," Emily cautioned. "I don't want them showing up here with no idea, and then being chucked into my lap to sort it out. I don't want any woman to go through a similar experience to mine."
"Of course," Collingwood agreed. "You saw how much our General baulked at sending you back here, knowing what was ahead of you. I would expect similar, if not stronger, efforts to dissuade women from taking the opportunity, should they present with anything short of rabid enthusiasm for the experience."
Emily nodded slowly with her eyes squinting with some scepticism. Knowing what many men in positions of power were like, she wouldn't put it past them to coerce or entrap women into coming here with little idea of what they were in for, and then all stand around laughing about it later with expensive cigars and bourbons in hand. Nevertheless, there was little she or even Collingwood could do to prevent it, so she moved on.
"Are those things part of the comms or weapons systems?" she continued, gesturing to the strange bullet-shaped objects on his desk.
"Actually, these are the other project I've been working on," he replied, picking one up and handing it to her. "I call it a Hypon."
"A Hypon?"
"Remember my concept for a hand-held hyperdrive?" he continued. "Well, this is it. You may recall my mention of previous experiments with the transportation of living matter being unsuccessful. I discovered that to successfully travel in hyperspace, living matter must be contained within a field, for example our ship. However, the inverse also applies. If the hyperdrive can be contained within a living body, then the field automatically forms around said body. So, I designed a shape that can be inserted either vaginally or anally. Unfortunately, the current size is a little prohibitive for most, even with the superior battery technology of this world, but that is as small as I can get it thus far."
Emily rolled her eyes at the realisation of how he'd come up with its name.
"So, 'Hypon' is a 'hyperdrive tampon'?"
"Exactly!" he beamed. "It needs further development. For one, reducing the size to something more comfortable. I had hoped initially that it could be held in the mouth, but that is out of the question with current technology. Even getting it down to that size required some compromise. While there is enough aquinium for several dozen hops, there is only sufficient battery for a single hop. After that, it requires a week or so to recharge, using a form of wireless charging which draws on natural electrical fields in the air, since many worlds won't have access to a power grid. Another unfortunate side effect of using the body to complete the structure recognised by the system is that anything external to skin, such as clothing and jewellery, will be left behind."
"So, you've tested it, and it works?" Emily asked.
"Indeed, I have, and yes it works perfectly," he replied. "Well, not without some issues, albeit through no fault of the Hypon's. My test subject was a cow, and we followed her in the ship to retrieve her, since there was little chance of her charging the device and returning to us on her own. You see the switch on the side here? You set that to the direction of travel, either forwards or backwards. Without the benefit of space travel, they can also only hop one world at a time in either direction. It seems the hop forward is a world not unlike our own, albeit with technology that is somewhat nineties in comparison to our own, but the hop back is a world approximating the Neogene period of our world, with no human civilisation observed. Unfortunately, Bessy didn't make it back from that one."
"Oh, what happened?"
"The place was literally swarming with large predators, not unlike tigers, but much larger, and with shaggy brown fur. Well, um... need I continue?"
"Um... no, never mind," Emily grimaced. "The poor thing. I hope it was quick."
"That it was," Collingwood assured her. "We arrived within minutes of her arrival and there was nothing left."
"Eww..."
"Indeed," he agreed, before leaning forward to point out other features of the Hypon in Emily's hands. "The LED on the side here indicates its current state of charge. Orange is charging, and green is ready to go. Red means that it's armed, which you do by pressing this button here. That starts a sixty second timer. Also note on the bottom, there's a handle which flips out to provide something to hold onto for ease of extraction. Nevertheless, it is still far too large, so it needs further work before it is feasible."
"Still, I can see you've put a lot of thought into it," Emily commented, turning it over in her hands. "All of the buttons are recessed so it can't catch the skin and cause injury. Now to just get the size down. So, what will these be used for once they're ready?"
"I have hopes in due course to combine it with the teleporter algorithm to allow the ability to pass-through solid objects, or perhaps longer distance travel within the same world," he answered. "In its current state, who knows? Perhaps there is some application as a backup device for the crew in lieu of a ship failure? It's all rather moot anyway until I can reduce its bulk somewhat."
Emily handed it back and he stood staring at it in his hand for a few moments before placing it back on his desk and looking back up at her.
"Anyway, let us get you all safely secured again before your self-control lapses."
Emily sighed and allowed herself to be locked back into the collar and cuffs, as she had done many times before. If not by Collingwood, then by Madison. A tiny sliver of hope twinkled deep within her that perhaps it wouldn't be necessary for much longer now that the implant had been removed, assuming that the changes in her body weren't permanent now. She shivered at the thought of forever being in a heightened state of arousal and unable to control herself when unrestrained. At the same time, Dark Emily smiled and salivated at the idea. She wasn't hating this at all. Having the real Emily constantly feeling humiliated and living in fear of the next degrading episode suited her perfectly.
The fear of pregnancy and being forced to perform anal sex more frequently also played heavily on her mind. Dark Emily also enjoyed those fears, but she also had misgivings about it and retreated somewhat to the back of Emily's mind whenever she thought of it.
She could feel a storm brewing, sensing that it was only a matter of time until someone like the General noticed her lack of pregnancy and questioned her about it, so she would be forced to change her behaviour to ensure it. Even if she could continue dodging that, a greater concern was living in chains and the constant overwhelming arousal, which would now mean even less chance of relief if vaginal sex was out of the question. She knew that she could only hold out so long. She couldn't control the need to masturbate, so how would she continue denying her vagina to men who wanted to couple with her? It was only a matter of time until the need became too great.
Tick... tick...
Her one hope was that the removal of the birth control implant would return her mind and body back to her old self so she would regain some self-control for the tampon plan to work for any length of time. However, that still left Dark Emily to deal with. Once triggered, she may well sabotage the situation even if the physical need was under control. She had begun to hate her masochistic side and would need to do everything she could to avoid situations that set it off. That was easier said than done whilst living completely nude, and with Collingwood's handler duties forcing her into those very situations.
Tick, tick...
A few days later, she was beginning to lose hope that removing the implant had made any difference. Her nipples were still every bit as hard, and she still constantly ached for an orgasm. She strained at the chains in frustration and was surprised when one of the welds to the collar gave way. She had a hand free! She instantly went to take the opportunity to masturbate, but then a surprising realisation crossed her mind. She didn't have to! She could resist!
This was new. Could this be hope? If she could resist the urge to masturbate, then she didn't need to be restrained anymore. At the same time, she could sense Dark Emily pouting at the idea. Still, she deliberated about taking the opportunity to masturbate just the same. It was at that moment that Madison entered.
"What's up, Em? They're doing some work on the ship, so I've got some time up my sleeve. I was thinking about going downtown. Wanna come?" Madison greeted before noticing the broken chain. "Oh, what happened there? Are you okay? Do you need me to fetch some cuffs while we get that fixed?"
"You know what, Madison, I feel okay," Emily replied. "Well, I still wouldn't mind getting off, but at the same time I feel in control."
"Are you sure?"
"Well, not completely sure, but for now I'm holding up," Emily smiled.
"Yeah? Well, let's take that shit off you and get some action going," Madison suggested, licking her lips, and returning the smile. "It's been ages since we made out properly. Not since you've been wearing those chains. I've kinda been missing it."
A few moments later, Emily was completely free and making out with Madison like normal lovers. No chains. No kink. Just two girls enjoying each other. Madison's fingers always found the right places, and her kisses were divine. Emily almost felt normal again, and the orgasm felt warm and fuzzy, rather than the overwhelmingly urgent and rabid mindfuck she had been experiencing lately.
"So, what were we talking about before?" Madison tried to recall as they lay back together afterwards. "Oh yeah, downtown. Are you up for it or do you need to be chained up again?"
"Nah, I think I'm good," Emily confidently replied. "You know what, I might take the opportunity to drop in on 4NR. I meant to go by weeks ago, but I've been putting it off with all the crap I've been dealing with. I'll give her a buzz first to make sure she's available."
"Great, no worries. I wouldn't mind seeing her as well."
Emily quickly called 4NR to make sure she was home, and they then procured a jeep and set off for the city. Emily was still nervous that she might relapse at any moment, but so far she seemed to be holding up, albeit with no small amount of willpower.
"Hey, would you look at that," Madison suddenly blurted, pointing at something through the driver's window.
Emily craned forward to see what she was pointing at, and instantly saw it. There was a group of three women walking along the sidewalk. There was nothing unusual about that in itself, except that this trio were wearing the same fishnets and garters that Emily had been wearing on and off recently. Obviously, X2D9GI had developed the garments and they were now in production.
"Oh God, those cops that almost arrested me are going to pitch a fit when they see that," Emily gasped.
"You're a trendsetter, Em," Madison laughed.
"No, Mads, this is completely terrifying!" Emily responded. "What if this takes off all around the world? I'll be responsible for it!"
"Well, it's more Cabrón's fault than yours," Madison corrected, "but I wouldn't worry too much. A lot of gals aren't gonna like the idea of being covered in any way if they don't have to be. Maybe it'll just become a thing for more formal events? It'll give us a chance to tart-up a bit more than usual. Either way, it's pretty harmless, I think."
"Oh God, I hope you're right and this doesn't lead to the collapse of this whole society," Emily worried.
"Nah, I can't see that happening," Madison laughed. "It's just a novelty. It may not even last."
A short time later they pulled up outside the North East Women's Campus where Emily lived during her previous time on this world. It was immediately familiar. Almost nothing had changed. Apartment blocks with restaurants and shops on the ground floors surrounded a large swimming pool area where naked women swam or lay in the sun. 4NRP4W answered her door with a wide toothy smile, and another shock for Emily - she also was wearing lingerie!
"Greetings, 7GQ and 4D9! Please do enter," she welcomed, taking each woman into an embrace.
"4NR, you're wearing lingerie!" Emily exclaimed, stating the obvious.
"You like it? One of my charges put me onto it," 4NR explained. "At first, I was not sure about wearing winter coverings when the weather did not require it, but I think the effect is rather becoming. It makes me feel, um... 'sexy', if I can use one of your words, 7GQ."
Emily barely heard anything 4NR was saying. Her battle to resist the constant urge to masturbate was taking its toll. Seeing 4NR in the lingerie had also triggered something. It wasn't so much an attraction to 4NR, as beautiful as she was, it was a combination of guilt and fear. The stockings were beginning to go viral in this place, and it was all because of her. The sensation brought Dark Emily to the surface. She saw herself wearing the suspender belt and stockings in her mind, surrounded by other women wearing the same. Men pointed accusing fingers at her. The crowd dropped away, leaving her alone amongst jeering figures. She looked for refuge, somewhere she could run to, but there was no escape. She had to face them. She could feel the heat from her face radiating. The embarrassment was overwhelming.
"Em, Em," a voice beckoned.
"7GQ!"
As the fog slowly lifted, she looked up at 4NR and Madison's faces and then down at her hand between her legs. Oh God, it had happened again! She was masturbating uncontrollably in front of her friends! So much for feeling like she could control herself at last. It was a devastating setback.
Tick... tick...
"Oh my God, I'm so sorry," Emily gasped, removing her fingers from her dripping pussy, and doing her best to straighten up.
"Um... 7GQ's been having some problems," Madison began explaining to 4NR. "We did have kind of a solution, but today she felt strong enough to go without it."
"Oh, what was that?" 4NR asked.
"Well, basically, we were keeping her hands bound," Madison answered, demonstrating the position Emily's hands would occupy when chained.
"And why did this become necessary?"
"It started after I had the genital enhancement therapy," Emily admitted, waving her hands in exasperation, and slumping in helplessness. "I just couldn't control myself. It's like I black out, and then this happens. Today I thought I was going to be okay for the first time in weeks. I guess I still have a way to go..."
"I have not heard of such a reaction to the therapy, but it is a good sign if it is improving," 4NR nodded thoughtfully. "Are you able to take an extended leave from your employment and go away somewhere where you can recover? Somewhere where you do not have to couple or be concerned with others?"
The suggestion brought Collingwood's mention of returning to Earth 1 to Emily's mind. If she could join him, she could spend some time with family, wearing clothes and feeling normal. A chance for her body to recover. Not having sex forced on her constantly. Not worrying about pregnancy. Even just wearing clothes again would be likely to keep Dark Emily at bay. However, losing control around her family was beyond consideration. It would also be taking a huge chance that the Earth 1 General would even approve her leave on such short notice, or that she wouldn't be subjected to more face-fucking episodes with him, which would bring Dark Emily to the surface. However, the thought of being away from all of this, wearing clothes again, not following the commands, not risking pregnancy, even not being subject to Collingwood's "handling", had definite appeal. That appeal turned into a sudden yearning, which must have been lurking beneath the surface of her consciousness all along. She now wanted out, and that desire had now reached a point of desperation, but what were her choices if returning to Earth 1 with Collingwood wasn't a good option?
Wait, Collingwood is going away for six to eight weeks...
His absence would also be an opportunity to escape. By the time he returned, she'd have created a new identity somewhere where he or the military would never find her. However, she'd be effectively stranded in this world, naked with no hope of wearing clothes again, and the likely chance of falling pregnant now that she had no birth control. And what if she was caught? She'd be sent home. Court martialled for going AWOL. Time in the stockade. A dishonourable discharge. What then? It would be all over then and she could start a new life. She imagined herself working as a barista, waiting tables with a smile on her face, her time on this world a distant memory. It was a small life but a happy one. That might not be such a bad thing once the dust had settled, but then what if Dark Emily wouldn't go away? Being around friends and family would still be a problem if she was still around. A better option would be to begin a new life somewhere else. Another country, or...
The Hypon!
Collingwood mentioned that the next hop forward was not unlike Earth 1. That would mean clothes and birth control. A place to become that barista and live her happy little life without going through the torment of a court martial, or the possibility of losing control in front of people she knew back home. A place to recover and recuperate and start to feel normal again. Using an untested device and jumping to an unknown world would normally be well beyond considering, but now things were different. Now it was worth the risk. Staying here and doing nothing would mean disaster sooner or later. The Hypon would at least give her a chance.
"I think that might be a great idea, 4NR," Emily responded, a smile beginning to cross over her face.
"I can arrange for you to stay with me again, if that would be helpful," 4NR suggested, "but perhaps a stay in the countryside would be best? Somewhere you can isolate and be away from people."
"That's okay," Emily replied," I have somewhere in mind."
"Of course, but let me know if I can be of assistance," 4NR nodded, leaning forward to touch Emily's hand. "Usually, my charges are nervous as they face Debutante and womanhood, but sometimes it is the opposite and they become hyper-aroused. It seems your situation is similar."
"Hyper-aroused is a good term for it," Emily agreed. "Yes, some time away to recuperate is exactly what I need, I think."
Later, as Madison and Emily left 4NR's apartment, Madison turned to Emily.
"So, what was this other place you had in mind, Em?"
"I'm going AWOL, Madison," Emily confidently replied without hesitation. It seemed as good a place as any to begin explaining her plan.
"You're fucking what?" Madison replied in shock. "You can't be serious?"
"Yep, deadly serious," Emily replied. "I can't take it anymore! 4NR is right. I need to get away from all this, at least for a while. I can't live in chains the rest of my life, and I don't have any birth control now. I can't get pregnant again! I just can't! I won't! Not here, and not now, anyway. Today, there was definitely a change in me. I could have masturbated again but I resisted. Well, up until I didn't just now, but that had a trigger. If I could get away from those triggers, wear clothes again and do normal things without having sex shoved down my throat constantly, especially not unprotected sex, I should get back to my old self."
"Where you gonna go to get all that, though?" Madison asked. "This whole planet lives under The Agreement. There ain't anywhere you can go to wear clothes again, not that I think you'll find anything to wear anyway. At least, not girl clothes."
"Well, Collingwood is taking both of the ships back to my world shortly, and he's likely to be gone for a couple of months. That's my opportunity. He has these prototype things he's working on called Hypons, which are like mini-hyperdrives. You stick them inside you, and they take you to the next world. I'm going to steal one and use it. With both the ships gone, no one will know where I've gone, and even if they figure it out, they won't be able to follow me until he returns with the ships. By that time, I could hop several times, also changing my geo location each time, so no one will be able to find me, not even Collingwood, until I want to be found."
"So, your plan is to stick untested technology in your vag and use it to go AWOL to another world?" Madison gasped. "Are you insane?"
"Maybe... probably..." Emily admitted, "but I have to do something. I gotta get away, and this is the best way I can think of."
"You're going to do this no matter what I say, aren't you?" Madison realised with a sigh.
"I have to, Mads."
"Okay, I'm coming too then," Madison firmly responded. "I'm not going to let you leave me like that, and maybe we never see each other again. Maybe no one ever sees you again. No, fuck that! You're not going without me. We're doing this together. How many of those Hypon things has he got?"
"He's got a bunch, but I can't ask you to do that, Mads," Emily replied with concern.
It was one thing to put herself on the line but completely another to risk Madison as well. She needed to discourage her while simultaneously assuring her that the Hypons were safe enough for her to go alone. Hell, maybe she was batshit crazy to even consider doing this. Drawing Madison into it was neither fair nor right.
"You're right that he hasn't tested the things on humans," Emily continued, "but he has done animal testing and says they work fine. I trust him on that, but possibly a bigger issue is that they're not exactly small. Getting them inside you isn't going to be easy or comfortable. It might even hurt. A man wouldn't be happy at all. That's the only reason he's shelved them for the moment."
"Like I'm worried about something big in my hole," Madison laughed. "I've had five kids, Em. If you can do it, I doubt I'm gonna struggle."
"Still, you'd be going AWOL as well, which might mean the end of your career and everything you care about here."
"Em, I'm just along for the ride here. I don't really care about any of it. I reckon I can be happy anywhere as long as I have good friends and plenty of fucking and sucking. Mostly, I ain't gonna let you go off to a whole new world without a friend. You're gonna need help wherever you go, and I want to give it."
"Are you sure?"
"I've never been surer about anything," Madison assured Emily. "Plus, it'll be an adventure. I've probably done all I'm gonna do in this place, and it's time for something new anyway."
"Well, I can't promise it'll be good," Emily warned. "All I know is that the next world over is a bit like the places we both came from. I don't know anything about the people there or what kind of fucked up shit might be going on. I do know that we definitely want to hop in the right direction. The other way is some sort of prehistoric nightmare with no human civilisation."
"What? Fuck that! Are you certain we won't end up there?"
"Yes, Collingwood showed me how to use them, including how to control the direction of the hop."
"Um... I'm kind of having second thoughts now..." Madison worried.
"There's a risk for sure, but I trust Collingwood's science," Emily assured her. "He may be a complete idiot at times when it comes to people, but when it comes to machines there's no one I trust more. Still, I can't ask you to come. If you have concerns, I'm sure I'll be fine."
"No, if you trust him, that's good enough for me. I'm still in."
Madison put on a brave face, but it was obvious she still wasn't certain. She trusted Emily, though, and she was right about Collingwood's science. The man almost never made a mistake. If he thought they worked, then there was little doubt that they wouldn't. Plus, the only reason he had temporarily shelved the project was due to their size making them unfeasible for insertion, particularly for men. Experienced women, on the other hand, were a different matter.
Two weeks later, Emily still battled her demons and relied heavily on the cuffs to prevent her from masturbating, so her resolve had only strengthened. Her heartbeat quickened as she prepared for what she was about to do. She watched the ships launch one after the other as they made their way under thrusters out of the atmosphere and into space. From there, she knew the hyperdrives would engage to take them hundreds of light years into deep space before turning around and heading back to Earth, albeit a different Earth to the one she currently stood in. Prior to that return journey to Earth 1 for Collingwood's ship, he would be installing the deep space satellite needed for the comms system between the two worlds.
There was an eerie silence as the last signs of the ships vanished into the sky above. Emily knew it was a feeling more than an actual silence. Around her were all of the usual noises of the base. While the jeeps and trucks were all electric and silent, their tyres still crunched on the gravel and horns occasionally sounded as a warning to other vehicles and personnel on the ground. Voices shouted and platoons practised marching drills, singing songs in time to their steps much like back on Earth 1. What she was sensing wasn't audible. It was a sense of being left behind with no way to follow, but mostly her pulse pounding in her head in anticipation of what she was about to do. Everything normal around her was drowned out in a sea of surreality. The time had arrived.
She quickly found the Hypons in a box in the lab and held one up to Madison's gaze.
"You weren't wrong about the size," Madison laughed. "I reckon I can manage that, though."
"Are you sure?" Emily asked. "Do you want a practice run before we go?"
"Nah, should be fine. So, how do they work?"
"This switch here determines the direction," Emily explained, pointing at a small, recessed switch on the base. "We wanna make sure that's up, not down so we go in the right direction. And this one here is the 'go' switch. Once that's flipped, this LED should change from green to red. Then, we should have about a minute to get them in before they send us. On the bottom here, this handle flips out, so you've got something to grab when it comes time to pull it out again."
"Okay, let's do it then!"
"Not here," Emily cautioned. "If this is also a military base in the next world, we could end up in a tonne of trouble, suddenly appearing unauthorised on a base. Plus, we'll be naked, and we don't know what their views might be on that sort of thing."
"Good point," Madison agreed. "So, where then?"
"I'm thinking out in the suburbs a bit, and at night. Somewhere quiet but hopefully close to clothes lines where we can maybe snatch some clothes before anyone spots us."
"Okay, sounds like a plan then."
A few hours later, Madison unlocked Emily's cuffs and they hailed a cab to take them to a quiet backstreet. After watching the cab drive off into the night, Emily took in a deep breath as she fished the Hypons out of the shopping bag she was carrying and turned them over to examine the switches once again.
"Now, you're not wearing any jewellery, are you, Mads?" she asked. "No metals or fabrics? Those won't make the jump."
"Nope, check," Madison confirmed.
"Okay, here goes nothing then," Emily announced as she flipped the required switch, noting the LED changed to red as Collingwood had described. She then handed one to Madison before attempting to insert her own.
Madison had hers in within a few seconds, but Emily was struggling unexpectedly, her knees shaking uncontrollably as she pushed the Hypon against her entrance.
"Are you cumming again, Em?" Madison asked.
"I-I c-can't help it," Emily stuttered. "The slightest touch is all it t-takes."
"Better harden up quick before these things decide to go off," Madison warned.
"I know. I-I got this," Emily replied. Then, with a massive effort she pushed the device home.
Finally, the orgasm subsided enough for her to stand up normally.
"Nothing's happening."
A few seconds later.
"Still nothing. Maybe Collingwood deactivated them somehow?"
wub...... wub...... wub.... wub... wub...
"Wait, do you hear that? What is that?"
wub wub wub WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB
"Oh shiTTTT!"
For a brief second, everything went black. The scenery around them blurred and then slowly came back into focus. They barely had time to take in their new surroundings before a more pressing issue arose.
"Um... Em..." Madison began.
"Oh my God..." Emily replied.
The women were suddenly forced together in an embrace to keep themselves upright as massive orgasms overtook them. With eyes shut and legs trembling, their lips locked together in uncontrollable kissing. Emily felt like she was about to lose consciousness while Madison fought against it with everything she had. Somehow, Madison was able to reach between her legs and attempt to extract the Hypon while simultaneously reaching between Emily's legs to do the same for her.
"Perverts!"
"I've called 911, Ethel. This is disgusting! And in our neighbourhood!"
"I was just about to do the same!"
With the Hypons now removed, Emily and Madison were finally able to uncross their eyes and look around. They were standing under a streetlight in a suburban street. It was almost identical to the street they had been in moments before with only minor differences. One major difference was three fully clothed older women with small dogs on leashes standing in front of them, and they were clearly not happy to see two completely naked lesbians making out with what appeared to be giant dildos.
"Disgusting nudists coming to our neighbourhood! This is what CAMDOS is trying to stamp out," one of the women added. "They'll certainly be getting my vote."
"I don't see the stupid tattoos," another added. "These might be perverts of another kind."
"Well, the police will be here shortly. They can explain themselves to them."
"Oh my God, we're so sorry, this isn't what it looks like," Emily began, while simultaneously doing her best to fight off Dark Emily who couldn't be more pleased to find herself in such a situation.
"You folks wouldn't have something we can cover up with?" Madison asked, embarrassed, but considerably more comfortable than Emily.
"Quiet, perverts! You can explain yourselves to the police!"
Emily considered taking Madison's hand and bolting away from the women, but a police car had already come into view with its siren blaring and lights flashing. There was little to do except face the consequences.
"Well, well, well, what do we have here?" the driver asked to no one in particular.
"These perverts were having sexual relations right here in the street, officer. Arrest them at once!" one of the biddies demanded.
"They're not even registered nudists, officer. This is gross public indecency!" another added.
For the first time in as long as Emily and Madison could remember, they both tried awkwardly to cover their breasts and pubic areas with their hands.
"You're correct. Both appear to be unmarked," the officer agreed, looking the hapless pair up and down. "Ladies, and I use the term loosely, where is your clothing, and are those sex toys you're holding?"
"They were pleasuring each other with those," one of the women chimed in.
"Um... it was a science experiment," Emily tried, wracking her brain to come up with something that could offer an explanation other than what it appeared to be to these people.
"A science experiment?" the officer repeated, clearly doubting Emily's words. "You must have left your clothes somewhere? I assume you have IDs with them as well?"
"We don't... um..." Madison helplessly shrugged.
"You don't have clothing or IDs?" he asked incredulously.
Emily felt a sense of déjà vu, bringing to mind the time she had first arrived on Earth 2. Then, she had arrived clothed in a world that expected nudity. This was the vice versa, but perhaps a similar excuse would work?
"We were raised off-grid, officer," she explained. "We are clothing-optional, and a friend dropped us here. We did not expect to cause offence and we apologise profusely for that. If someone can give us blankets, or something we can cover up with, we can be on our way."
"I'm sure you know the law regarding public nudity," the officer countered, "and how do you explain those sex toys and the fact that you were witnessed having sexual relations with them?"
Emily and Madison could only silently squirm in response.
"Ladies, you are being charged with violation of State Penal Code 314A, section 3, governing the laws of public decency. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can be used against you in court. You have the right to talk to a lawyer for advice before we ask you any questions. You have the right to have a lawyer with you during questioning. If you cannot afford a lawyer, one will be appointed for you before any questioning if you wish. If you decide to answer questions now without a lawyer present, you have the right to stop answering at any time. Do you understand your rights?"
Emily and Madison turned briefly to each other in horror before nodding their responses. Another officer emerged from the passenger side of the cop car. She was wearing bright yellow rubber gloves and held out large Ziplock bags in front of the women.
"Stick those disgusting things into here," she instructed, nodding to the Hypons. "They'll be held in evidence for your trial."
Emily and Madison helplessly dropped the Hypons into the open bag, noting the LEDs were now not glowing at all. They then allowed their hands to be cuffed behind their backs before being pushed down into the back seat of the squad car. The cops continued questioning the dog walkers for several minutes, turning towards the girls and pointing while they jotted things down in notebooks.
"Well, that didn't go to plan," Madison sighed. "Fuck, Em, what's gonna happen now?"
"Your guess is as good as mine," Emily replied. "I expect they'll take us to a watchhouse, but on the upside, they'll probably give us something to wear there."
"What then, though?"
"Jesus, I dunno. Hopefully nothing too serious," Emily answered. "On my world, this sort of charge wouldn't mean jail time, just community service. Here, though, who knows? They appear to have legal nudity of some sort, so maybe they'll go easy on us?"
"They thought we were fucking as well, though. That can't be good," Madison pointed out. "On my world, that would've been taken quite seriously. Speaking of my world, do you smell that? It's bringing up a lot of memories all of a sudden."
"Yeah, it's gasoline fumes. I smelt it as soon as we arrived."
"Oh right, of course. Man, I haven't smelt that in such a long time. That, and this car reminds me a lot of my world." Madison noted.
"Same with mine, just older," Emily agreed. "No seatbelts back here either, which kind of dates it. Collingwood mentioned they were kind of nineties compared to our world, but we had seat belts from at least the seventies. On the other hand, they have Smartphones which wouldn't have existed back then."
"Computer tech and gas engines... It's so much like home for me. It's so bizarre," Madison added, looking around the car and the scenery outside.
"Welcome to parallel worlds, Mads. Same but different," Emily nodded.
Finally, the cops entered the squad car and the engine rumbled into life, confirming to Madison and Emily that they were once again in a world with combustion engines. On Earth 2, the only combustion engines were in the starships, and they didn't use gasoline, so it was unusual to hear and smell them again.
On the way, the landscape looked very similar to their home worlds. Suburban sprawl soon gave way to traffic lights, multi-lane roads and high-rise buildings, before finally arriving at a police station. A sign out the front revealed that it was the "Port Wiluma Main Branch", which caused Emily some confusion.
The women were taken through processing where they were fingerprinted and photographed. The experience once again brought back memories of when Emily was arrested for the crime of wearing clothes when she first arrived on Earth 2, except this time it was the opposite problem.
Finally, they were led to a cell.
"You wouldn't have any clothes for us, would you?" Emily asked the jailer.
"No, your current state of undress is evidence of your crimes," the jailer replied with a smirk. "You'll stay as you are until you see a judge."
"Do we at least get a phone call?" Madison asked.
"In time," the jailer answered, still smirking.
"Who would we call anyway?" Emily asked Madison once they were alone.
"I dunno, a lawyer, I guess."
"They said one would be appointed for us if we couldn't afford one," Emily reminded her, "and what have we got to pay them with anyway?"
"Good point. Fuck." Madison slumped as she considered it.
"Don't sweat it, Mads," Emily assured her. "All we have to do is bide our time until we can get the Hypons back, then wait about a week for them to charge up enough to make another jump, then we're out of here. Hopefully the next world will be a lot better."
"This one might've been okay if we didn't fuck up the landing. Next time we should start in the middle of a field, so we don't pop out in the middle of suburbia where we'll get arrested again," Madison suggested, raising her eyebrows in thought.
"Especially with the after-effects of the Hypons," Emily agreed. "Collingwood didn't mention anything about that."
"Oh my God, you're not wrong. I don't think I've cum so hard in my life!"
"Holy crap, yes. I've never felt anything like it either."
"We'll have to be mindful of that next time."
"Hey, did you see the sign out the front?" Emily asked. "It said we're in a town called Port Wiluma rather than Cape Willis. Did we jump to a different geo-location as well? The streets all looked similar, though."
"That was my hometown's name as well," Madison divulged. "I think it's the same town, just named differently. Everything looks the same anyway."
"Same but different..." Emily repeated. "I guess something must have happened around the time the place was named, and things went off into new parallel worlds from there."
Their thoughts were interrupted as a strange looking woman walked past the cell. She wore stiletto heels, a light cape, and a gold choker collar, but other than that her muscular physique was completely nude! Her hair was dyed neon blue, and her right eye was covered with a black patch. Her left arm was almost completely covered in tattoos. She stopped as she noticed Emily and Madison huddled naked in the cell and turned towards them with a warm smile. The angle revealed several piercings dangling from her completely hairless genitals.
"Hello, ladies. You look like you've had better days," she began. "My name's Casey Reine."