[note: This story is partly generated with an AI. I write a sentence or 2, then the AI writes a sentence or 2 based on what I write and it goes on like that. This is mostly for fun, kind of like a new way to get my porn. I have a couple of chapters ready that I'll try to release regularly. It's definitely not a work of art but the AI can get pretty good sometimes depending on my inputs!]
Lola wakes up early in the morning to get ready for work. She puts on a pair of black shorts and a white top. Her dark brown hair falls loosely past her shoulders. She wears some light makeup on her face. Lola notice that Steve isn't awake yet. He is laying on his back sleeping peacefully. She puts a cup of coffee on the coffee table and sits on the bed beside him. She leans towards him placing her hand on his morning wood. She softly strokes his penis and starts rubbing his shaft while staring lovingly at him. After a short while Steve begins to stir and opens his eyes.
He stares at Lola for a few moments before speaking "Good morning gorgeous," he tells Lola while smiling at her.
"Morning babycakes! Sorry I was trying to calm this bad boy!" She answers, slowly massaging his cock.
"Hey, don't apologize," Steve says as he closes his eyes and lets out a contented sigh. "You're just doing what you love!"
Lola chuckles "I am." She whispers while going down on him.
Steve groans loudly as Lola starts sucking his dick. He spreads his legs wider open as he lets out another satisfied grunt. Lola continues to suckle his cock. She loves hearing Steve's noises. He loves having her suck his cock, especially after just waking up.
"Babe, do you wanna have breakfast today before going to work?" He asks her.
"Umm... yes... hmmm... but I need some protein first!", she replies. She starts sucking his cock again.
"Okay..." Steve murmurs.
She continues to suck him until he's about to cum. She quickly stroke his cock and open her mouth wide. The sound of the warm liquid dripping down her throat fills the whole room. Steve starts moaning loudly as he comes in Lola's mouth. His body convulses as he explodes inside of her mouth. She swallows him and wipes the cum from her lips.
"Thanks babe!! That was delicious!!" She gushes happily.
"Yeah..." Steve mutters half asleep.
Lola giggles as she tries to get him out of bed.
***
Steve is standing in front of his mirror brushing his teeth. Lola is sitting on the edge of the bathtub next to the sink. She is staring intensely at his ass while biting her lip.
"Babe I thought we talked about this, no fucking in the bathroom!" He says turning round.
Lola giggles "Okay babe!"
"What's wrong? why are you giggling?"
"Nothing. I jus remembered all the amazing orgasm I had last night... It was crazy and so good!! I hope we'll go back at the club soon!"
"We definitely should!" Steve responds with excitement. "You can bring whoever you want, Mia was amazing!"
"Oh... you would like that wouldn't you?" She smirks.
"Yes ma'am!"
They finish brushing their teeth and go eat breakfast before leaving for work.
***
After dropping off Steve at his office Lola heads straight to her own office. She's the lead game developper at a small company that makes erotic games. The people love her because she doesn't put on airs or play games.
Only a glass separates her office and the other room where the rest of the team is. She walks through the door, greets the others and takes her seat behind her desk. The team is working together on their new game system which will be needed for their new series. She goes to see everyone one by one to get everyone's status. She makes sure that her assets are visible for everyone to see, she loves teasing her team. After making sure everyone's on track she goes to her office.
She's wearing a mini skirt without any panties. When she sits she makes sure to spread her legs so that everyone can see everything clearly on the other side of the glass. A huge smile on her face, she looks at her team on the other side. Everyone throws glances back at her and smiles. This woman is a sex goddess. No one could resist her.
She likes the attention and anyway anything naughty she does is good inspiration for their games they are making. She loves being the center of their attention. She's always wanted that kind of respect. The other women also admire her strength and intelligence. But most importantly Lola's sex drive and ambition. Every single day it is amazing to watch her work as the leader of the team.Even though Lola isn't as tall as the other women, her presence is enough to make men turn around and stop whatever they were doing. The way she carries herself is intimidating and sexy. There is nothing like a boss who knows what she wants and will follow through.
In a perfect world, Lola thinks, she would never be forced to wear pants. She wishes that were true. She would much rather work in her birthsuit. She likes the way that she feels comfortable in her skin. It is more natural for her than anything else.
She likes that it gives her control over what happens to her body and to her life. She enjoys seeing her team and colleagues enjoying themselves while she is working hard on something important. It makes her feel special and happy. It makes her proud of herself!
As she is thinking about these things, the door suddenly opens and in walks her assistant Jenifer. Lola smiles at her and motions for her to sit down.
"How are you doing today? Everything okay?" Jenifer asks Lola.
"Yes, I'm fine. What brings you here?"
Her assistant clears her throat nervously "Well, uhm... there's an issue with the game and I needed your assistance. So, um, could you please take a look at it with me?"
"Sure thing Jenifer!" Lola replies, a slight smirk on her face.
Jenifer is obviously nervous. Lola knows that her assistant loves her. They've been working together for almost 10 years and Jenifer works harder than anyone. Lola loves her too but Jenifer is alsways so nervous she never made the move. Lola loves how devoted and supportive she is. She appreciates having someone like her in her life.
Jenifer leads Lola through the door that connects the two rooms. Jenifer shows the issue to Lola at her cubicle. She explains what's happening: The arousal meter is stuck at full, the character is in constant state of orgasm which makes it impossible to do anything.
Lola takes a look at the code and finds that the issue is that the increment is too big on the arousal meter. Lola bends over her keyboard then starts to fix the problem while making sure her deep cleavage is fully visible to jenifer. Jenifer is completely stunned by the sight. This is common occurence here but Jenifer never got used to it because of her feelings. Lola notices her reaction and smirks. Jenifer shakes her head and blushes.
"It's ok Jenifer. You're not the only one who gets turned on watching me do my thing." Lola teases her.
Jenifer laughs nervously "Haha! Y..yes... of course I know. S..sorry!"
Lola keeps on showing off her cleavage. Jenifer can't help staring at her it every now and then. Lola turns to face her assistant.
"Jeez, you're looking at my boobs like they're candy!!" Lola says laughing.
"Woops! I'm s..sorry ma'am! I didn't mean to look at your boobs like that!"
"Don't worry about it. Just remember, if you think my boobs are sexy you can stare at them anytime you want!", Lola whispers seductively into Jenifer's ear.
Jenifer lets out a shaky breath. She nods nervously while staring at her boss, whose breasts are swaying side to side in front of her. Lola puts a finger on her lips and wiggles her eyebrows suggestively.
"You can even grab them if you want!" Lola continues whispering suggestively to her assistant.
Jenifer gulps and stares at Lola.
"I said you can touch them if you want.", Lola smirks, winking.
"Um....okay!!", Jenifer says, slightly nodding her head while still staring at her boss.
"Good girl.", Lola whispers to her.
Jenifer grabs one of her nipples through her top between her thumb and index finger. Lola is not wearing her bra. Her eyes widen when she sees how hard and stiff her boss nipples are. Lola bites her bottom lip and closes her eyes to keep herself calm. She feels Jenifer's hand start caressing her breast, causing goosebumps to form on Lola's arms. She gasps softly as Jenifer continues to massage her nipple.
She slowly slides her other hand down her belly and under her skirt until it touches the backside of Lola's pussy. Lola whimpers in pleasure as she feels Jenifer's fingers rubbing her clit.
"Mmmhhmmm... J..just like that..." Lola moans softly as she rubs her hands up and down her own thighs.
"Mmmhmmm..." Jenifer moans and continues stroking her boss' pussy.
Lola's breathing becomes heavier and heavier, her body begins to tingle everywhere.
"Please.. don't stop...", she moans.
Jenifer continues stroking her boss pussy while Lola's hands find their way underneath her dress. Lola gently massages her breast as she strokes her clit and rubs circles over her nipples. Lola's hips begin moving towards Jenifer
"Fuuuck..." Jenifer gasps as her fingers slip inside her.
Someone walks by and notice the situation. Lola is too busy moaning to care. Her mind is fogged by the lust.
"Oh shit!!" He yells. "Someone call the art director, Lola's at it again!"
Jenifer is getting nervous now that someone caught them but she doesn't want to stop. She just wanted to get a taste of what Lola tastes like. Lola moans as she sees her assistant's tongue lick up her juice from her fingertips.
"Fuck! That tastes too good! It's like a dream come true!" Jenifer says.
"You're not dreaming Jenifer...", Lola replies seductively as she grips Jenifer's hair tightly, pulling her closer to her. She gives her a quick passionate kiss. "Now please eat my pussy babe!"
Th art director runs toward the two women, Jenifer is now passionately eating Lola's pussy. He's holding his camera ready to capture the moment.
"This is what we need to show the world! Look at her pussy!!! This is the perfect reference material for the yuri scenes!" he screams.
Jenifer is in heaven. She licks Lola's pussy completely lost in lust. She doesn't even care that the art director is taking pictures. All she cares about is feeding on Lola's sweet juices onto her mouth. She can't help but moan every time she hears Lola groan. Jenifer's eyes roll back as she feels Lola's warm juices running into her mouth.
Lola is feeling really hot right now. Her heart is pounding against her chest and her stomach feels as if someone put a rock in there and is squeezing it very tight. She moans loudly as she feels herself losing all control. Jenifer stops licking her and looks into her eyes.
"I love you so much Lola." Jenifer says before kissing her.
They share a passionate kiss. She kisses Lola deeply and her fingers continue to stroke her clit.
"Awww! Jenifer... I love you too! But... you also know what I love more than anything!" Lola answers to her confession.
"yes I know... pleasure... you love sex a bit too much" Jenifer chuckles.
"But you know, if you're ok with that you can be one of my officials and we can do that whenever you want!" Lola winks seductively.
Jenifer answers by passionately kissing her pussy once again, this time more thoroughly than ever before.
"Hmmmmm!! God, you're so sexy!! I want to be able to kiss this pussy forever!!", Jenifer says as her tongue moves quickly inside Lola's wet pussy.
"Oh god yes!! Please Jenifer!!", Lola replies moaning.
The director smiles looking at the scene. He snaps a few photos of the lovers but then stops to just enjoy the show in front of him.
Lola is at her limit. The sexual tension and intense heat are becoming too much for her to handle. She moans loudly as she feels Jenifer's tongue circling around her clit. Lola is close. She's about to cum.
"Jenifer!! Oh my god!!!" Lola exclaims, squirming in pleasure.
Lola's climax finally hits and her walls tighten around Jenifer's tongue. She squirts all over Jenifer's face.
"Ahhhhhhh!!!!! FUUUUUUCK!!" Lola shouts, shaking her body uncontrollably.
Jenifer releases the pressure on Lola's clit and leans down, licking the juice dripping from her lips. Lola pants heavily as she watches Jenifer clean herself up. She pulls her assistant towards her and kisses her passionately.
"Thank you... Thank you so much Jenifer.", Lola says with an obvious smile on her face. "I'm always so fucking horny, I really needed this!"
Jenifer just smiles and wraps her arms around Lola. Lola places her forehead on Jenifer's shoulder. They stay like that for a little while. Jenifer rests her chin on the top of Lola's head.
"So... does this mean... I'm your girfriend now?", Jenifer asks cautiously.
"Yeah, I guess so". Lola giggles. "but don't forget I'm also in a relationship with Steve!"
"Right...", Jenifer replies. "But I don't think I can live without doing this to you anymore! I wanna make out with you everyday until we're old and wrinkly! I feel like you have been a part of my life since the day I moved here! And I feel like there has never been anybody like you ever in my whole entire life! I don't care anymore about the other people in your life you are fucking, I just want you so much!!!"
"Really?? You don't mind me always fucking everyone I can?" Lola says shyly.
"I don't give a fuck. As long as I get to have you!" Jenifer says while smiling widely.
"That means a lot! Thanks baby!" Lola says and kisses her passionately.
The couple finally let go of each other. Jenifer wipes the sticky juice off of her face.
The director was filming the whole thing because Lola looked absolutely amazing.
"Now that you guys are official, we'll need more shots of you guys making out like that!!" He exclaimed excitedly.
"Wait you're still there?" Lola laughs.
"What? Of course I am. Who else is going to take these reference shots?!" The art director exclaims happily.
"Oh well... So Jenifer... now that we're official... you want to spend the night at my place?" Lola asks her assistant with a smile.
"Are you sure? Do you need me to bring some clothes with me?" Jenifer asked nervously.
"Nah don't worry! You actually won't need any clothes at all!!" Lola said with a wink.
"Really??? Then of course, I'd like to spend the night at your place!!" Jenifer exclaims happily.
They get out of Jenifer's cubicle and everyone congratulates them. It seems the rest of the team heard everything that happened so they were happy for the new couple. You'd expect most people to be jealous but the truth is most of them already fucked Lola and they also know her enough that they know they'll still be able to do so! Lola is porbably the biggest slut in this world and everyone knows it. But even so, Lola still truly loves Jenifer which makes everyone happy.
Jenifer puts her arm around Lola's shoulders as they exit the building together.