'Y'know Mom, there's a way to conserve water and detergent, just don't wear clothes." Heath Talbot discovered his super hot landlady/ roommate in the upstairs laundry room, feeding her washing machine with skimpy underwear and thin dresses, her primary arsenal of wardrobe these days. What she called a dainty load, Heath called a Mother load. Inward thoughts she was almost like their Mom. Outwardly, they had this woman as their private house slut. She had no complaints.
"There's that mom word again." She wrinkles her nose. "I think you boys like feeding my ego."
"Among other things." He pats her on the bottom lovingly, as she wore only a g-string and a half tee, both in lavender. More flesh was best her motto. All skin we win Heath's motto. She sheepishly eyes him over her shoulder then grins playfully.
"That reminds me. These need washing too." Removing her shirt she lingered with it over her face to show off her magnificent 40D's of perky perfection. Once a model, still a model, minus the fashion. He leans in just before she uncovers her face and sucks her left nipple. With a sigh and tender yelp she tosses her shirt into the opened washer, favoring watching Heath swirl his tongue around her areola and lift her tits up to greet him. The sensation gave her a chill. "Mmmm!"
No reply Heath continues his taste test a moment longer, while his hands move to her hips. Forced to release the nipple in his lips he began pinching her G-string bands, then guides them lower, stopping at her clitoral area before kissing his way down her spectacular tummy until he reached her twisted G-string. Kneeling he assisted it to her bare feet while nuzzling her labia. Margo melted at his tenderness. Stepping from her panties Heath picked it up and handed it up to her. Into the washer it went. Margo the MILF was nude and trembling at his warm exhales on her clit.
"You boys are so helpful." She fanned her face with both hands, caressing his scalp. "Hard day at work?"
"When you paint houses for a living every day is easy." He mumbles kissing her clit with a look of contentment on his face. Inhaling her scent deeply he holds it in and sighs, "Fuck you smell good."
"Lavender bath beads this time, that's why I chose the clothing in that color. Are you going to paint me?" She softly caresses his scalp, "I love white."
"I'll get there. You smell so fucking good Mom."
"You already told me that." She giggles, "Mom! Mom! Mom! Stop that."
"Anything you say Mom." He chuckles, "Only bad thing is inhaling paint all day you come home high. Even after wearing ventilator masks. Smelling you takes the bad things away."
"I thought my scent was making you high."
"Oh, you always do. I can't get enough of your scent."
"Now that you bring up high...I've never asked any of you boys if you do drugs."
"Naaa! Social hits of a joint now and then with buds. None of us buy that crap. We were all into sports so that was a big hell no." All Heath seemed to want to do was breath in Margo. It made her smile.
"It's been years since I've gotten stoned. I can relate with you boys. Darryl being a Coach was dead set against drugs. Even muscle enhancers. I haven't actually gotten high since before my days as a fashion model."
"Sounds like you're wanting to experiment again." He kisses her clit repeatedly with butterfly kisses. She melted beneath his momentary tenderness. With his aggressive attitude rising up fairly often of late this was a nice compromise. "Looking to score some weed?" His breath pelted her labia as he spoke.
"What? No. I'm just saying...it might be fun. When Elliot was here I always had to be the model Mother. With him gone for awhile I can open up to things I've missed. Like sex. Possibly weed." Another rash of giggles let him know she was hinting. "Now that you boys are all out of school it could be interesting if we all got high together and make love."
"Gonna make love to you high or not Mom."
"Mmmm! Momma loves to hear that."
"You know cannabis is legal now right?"
"Well, that takes the fun out of it."
"I'll ask Brian if he can get a few joints of higher grade stuff that those shops sell. He's the wild one, knows everybody. If he doesn't Jeff might."
"Jeff was magnificent the other night. Were you aware of Brian sneaking Jeffrey into my bed?"
"Nope. None of us had a clue until you woke us all up with screaming orgasms. Long day for everyone so we turned in. Probably why Brian set that shit in motion. You okay over that stunt?" Not that he cared, just playing along.
"Of course. Jeff can seduce me anytime he likes."
"So, now the family becomes six."
"Does that bother you?"
"Nope. Love watching a slut get fucked hard."
"Are you going to eat me while you're down there? I need to start this load." She giggles.
Sighing Heath stands up and kisses Margo on the cheek, "Raincheck?"
"A lifetime's worth. I'm here when you get hungry." She pecks his cheek in return then sets about starting the water. Moments later she adds detergent and fabric softener before closing up and turning to face the lingering Heath. "Is everything alright?"
"Don't you ever get tired of being out here in the hills? You don't drive, you don't work. I'd go insane."
"I have four handsome energetic young men to keep me busy. Five when Jeffrey visits. What more could I ask for?"
"Sex is awesome Margo, but it's not everything."
"Now that does not sound like the Heath I've come to know. You've been so...aggressive lately, why the mellow attitude now?"
"Just been thinking is all. I met a girl I went to school with recently, she's...submissive like you."
"Do you like this girl?"
"Too early to tell outside of the fact I wanna control her."
"Does she want to be controlled?"
"I'm pretty sure she does. It seems to me like more and more girls like to be controlled. Why is that?"
"You're soul searching for your potential, aren't you?"
"I know what I want. You for one, Jenna for two, Fannie for three."
"My! That is quite the shopping list."
"Good things they say cum in threes." He smirks.
"So I hear. Do I detect an uncertainty in yourself?"
"Some! I know one thing for a certainty."
"What is that?"
"I wanna own your ass."
"Mmmm! We shall see."
"I WILL OWN YOUR ASS!" He presses against her pinning her to the washing machine.
"I love the thoughts Heath. Right now I'm not sure I can commit to everything you expect."
"Why not?"
"You just said sex was not everything, that is very true. I adore all of you, and even if sex is not there I always will." She caresses his cheek winking, "I've actually spent my alone time tidying up the rooms that I sometimes ignore. That, and I've been jotting down ideas for when the Architects and Bankers agree on my design changes."
"How do you plan on paying for all of this?"
"Let's just say I'll call some of Darryl's friends and make them deals they can't refuse."
"Sounds shady." He grins.
"Not at all. His friends all adore me. I'm not saying I'll get every penny I require but I'm pretty sure they will back me."
"I guess, or our happy home will only be a year or so then."
"Never fear my beautiful boy toy, these masterful dicks are here to stay as long as they want to." A soft pat over his crotch makes him nod his approval. "That is if you boys decide to stay with me. I'll find a way to keep you here by remodeling. Besides you might make good employees." She winks playfully. He narrowed his eyes at the word employee knowing he wanted to be in charge of her.
"Rent free then?"
"If business is good I might consider that."
"Awful lot of building on to this place. How many rooms are you thinking?"
"If I build to the east of my home I can easily add on ten bedrooms. I was considering a massage room, maybe a larger sauna than I have currently."
"I still haven't tried that out."
"I rarely use it. I might if my charming boys wish to let off some steam."
"Works for me. No towels worn. Totally nude and glossy from sweat."
"Absolutely. Mmmmm! Anyway, I'm still waiting on the contact my banker mentioned to call. Once he does I can put together a proposal for potential investors. I have faith this business venture will keep my happy home safe from having to sell."
"Big step. I'll back you up anyway I can." He steps closer, indeed backing her up to the washer even tighter than he had earlier. A sudden chill makes her shake all over. "You okay?"
"Yes. I'm still getting used to finally turning my central air back on. It's almost too cold in here now. My nipples feel extra sensitive to the temperature change." She looks down at them, "Maybe you should exhale over them some more." A giggle leads her conversation down a different path, "The money Brian gave me will keep us comfy for at least this month. I might need more money the following months."
"Meaning what? Another planned out gangbang with higher entry fees?"
"If I must. You underestimate me Heath. I can handle the attention."
"That's not it Mom. At some point your luck is gonna run out. While the four of us can protect you from being physically harmed, you not using protection only leads to bad things for everyone."
"I understand that. I wish I was not highly allergic to latex. Even lamb skin condoms irritate me. Should I require medical checks on every one that touches me? Even you boys?"
"Couldn't hurt. Myself outside of our sexual encounters I stock up on condoms. I'm pretty safe. Well, I guess I didn't when I fucked Jenna in the High School's pool. Heat of the moment. You just caught me off guard and now I just can't get enough of cumming inside you."
"Nor can I. I love the feel of every forceful drop showering my insides. It stimulates me into wanting more and more."
"I know I want you more and more." Heath lowers his gaze to her nipples and finds himself tempted to offer that momentary warmth. Thinking it over took two seconds before he lifts her up by her waist and hoists her on to the gyrating washing machine. He then, devoured her nipples with a deeper more satisfying hunger display. She fondled his hair and admired his starvation with a craving soul.
"That's my baby boy. Mommy loves that."
Letting up long enough to chuckle he replies with, "Now who's abusing the whole Mom thing?"
"If you can do it, I can do it."
As they absorb each others adoration, fellow roommate Eric Crowe steps out of his bedroom two doors down. Prepared for another night shift at the cinema which he managed he heard Margo giggling. Curious he takes the short jaunt to witness his best friend enjoying her breasts. Knowing all too well that there was no reason to feel as if intruding he leaned against the laundry room threshold.
"Waiting on the spin cycle?" Eric smirked.
"Hello Eric." She beguiles him with a flirtatious smile. "Heath is just keeping me warm now that the air is on arctic." Heath merely waves a hand over his shoulder, maintaining his feast.
"I hear you. I expect to see a polar bear prowling the halls."
"He's taking a nap in my basement."
"Riiight! Polar bear rug. See? He already moved in. Glad you turned it on finally. Sure beats a ceiling fan. I'm just sorry that Brian sold you to his wrestling buddies just to help us out. Not cool."
"Much cooler now. You need not apologize Eric. I've told all of you at one point to never say you're sorry to me. If I didn't want to do what Brian blindsided me with I would have made them leave."
"No you wouldn't have." Heath lets up laughing, "You're addicted to cock."
"Are you complaining?"
Heath bites her nipple making her yelp in a low tone, "You know my concerns...not really. Honestly, I wish I'd been home to watch them tear you up."
"I would have sent you away just like I did Brian. I wanted them all to feel in control without his interference. Their making love to me was wonderful, but I needed them to be men, not lovers. Pushing them into taking me hard made me crazy horny."
"Brian had you videotaped. Every single thing they did to you." Eric winces for her response.
"I'm aware."
"Lot of folks around Wildwood is gonna see that video. Brian plans on making copies and selling them to each guy there."
"Another cool month in July then." She winks.
"You realize every guy there will show five other people. Your reputation is going to go through the ringer."
"The people of Wildwood already know my reputation. I'm not worried."
"Might drum up business." Heath smirks moving to her other breast to swallow her areola whole.
"I don't object to that type of treatment more often. All I ask of you boys is not to interfere unless they're beating on me. Otherwise let them, and me have our fun."
"That's twice Brian used you. Jeff sneaking in..."
"It was a pleasant surprise. As I've told Heath, Jeff is welcome anytime. I might even let him rent Elliot's room until he returns."
"I thought the nerd's bedroom was off limits?"
"Our secret. I'm greedy, I want the extra money he pays for rent. Taxes will be more than what all of you give me. Last year before Darryl passed away we paid over $20,000. With so much land it's high."
"Wow! That's a lot. This being June you won't have that much by the first of the year."
"This is why I'm seeking investors into my Bed & Breakfast. If they finance me I can pay that easily."
"You sure you can get the place ready by then? We're already six months in. Winter gets rough out here so business might be slow."
"Will it?" She nudges Heath into going lower and eating her out. She lifts her legs wide in front of Eric, "Especially if they wake up for this type of breakfast?"
"Nice! You counting on only men?"
"No. I'm open to bi encounters."
"Crazy. Might as well make this a Swingers Club."
"Quietly, yes I agree."
"Awesome. You have the five of us to keep your lady renters happy." Eric laughs. Heath shares a thumbs up while his tongue buried deep in Margo's juicy cunt.
"I'm counting on that." She giggles, "Just don't be so exhausted that you forget me."
"NEVER!" Eric points at her as the rinse cycle kicks in. She reacts to the noise knowing in minutes the actual spin cycle would shake her up. Heath having fed enough pauses then rises tall to stretch.
"I adore your tongue." She looks up before rubbing her clit and dipping two fingers up inside her. Wiping his chin he looks back at Eric.
"Dig in Bro."
"Can't. Off to work shortly. Maybe later." He knew his employee Kym Hines was scheduled late. While hesitant to get too attached he did like being around her.
"My legs are always open Sweet Eric."
"Don't tempt me." He chuckles, "I don't need to make a seven mile drive rock hard."
"Mmmm! Think of me all night long, come home hard for me."
Knowing that picturing Margo and Kym together that was inevitable. "Now that I can do."
Heath chuckles, "Just have that girl Kym get you ready."
"Kym?" Margo flares her eyes.
"Barely 18. Hot little blond with blue eyes. She's had a crush on me since I hired her at 17. Being underage I only flirted. Now that she's of age I'm too busy to really think about her."
"You should date her. Just come home to me." Margo moans.
"Bring her home to Mom." Heath laughs smelling his pits. "Damn I need a shower bad."
"I can do you one better. I'll draw a bubble bath and bathe you." Margo bats her eyes still fingering herself. While awaiting his decision she eyes Eric pondering Kym. "If you like her...enjoy her." Another return to Heath's attention he nods, Eric lowering his eyes to ponder Margo's encouragement.
"Sounds great." Agreed upon Margo begins to hop down wagging her wet hand in the air. Heath immediately stopped her, "Ohhh no! Spin cycle is two minutes away. Ride with pride MILF." He plants her hand right back to her cunt. "Get those fingers busy."
"It's been years since I've done that. You boys are spoiling me."
'Well, as Brian insists on saying...you're our whore. We do expect you to prove that's true."
"I'm open to anything you boys want of me...except bestiality. I draw the line at that."
"Rules us out then. We're all animals." Heath looks to Eric who stood lost in thought.
Having ignored them until now Eric finishes his brooding thoughts on the matter, "Maybe. We'll see. She knows my sister Lily so I'm not sure I need the grief. Lily's asking about you since she found out about us at the bank. I've been avoiding her. Setting her up with Ben has kept her from grilling me when I run into her. I still can't believe she's into Ben."
"Young love should not be questioned." She fingers deeper, nurturing her hormones.
"I gotta hit the road Mom." Eric turns away, the second he's out of view the washer kicks over to the spin cycle vibrating really hard. Halting in his tracks at the riot he stepped back into the room leaning between her legs and kisses Margo on the lips. His goodbye kiss sent her moaning into his mouth.
"I love you Eric."
"Love you too Mom. Cum hard for that rat bastard."
"I will. Ask Kym out."
"I'll think about it. Hey! Don't let anyone, not even Brian talk you into any canine climax bullshit. I'll kick his ass and yours if you do."
"I won't. Trust me, not even Brian's anything goes agreement will make me relent to bestiality. I'm better than that. Oh my God these vibrations feel good." A slow departure as both Heath and Eric rubbed her legs at the same time generating her lust, Eric Crowe left the laundry room to her whimpers. Sadly, she was sounding like a puppy. How ironic.
Eyes flaring at new vibrations Margo notes Heath move between her knees. Gripping her calves he pulls her to the corner of the washer where her butt parks on the pointed edge, two sides meeting. The power of the spin cycle directed more toward her butt pucker now. Her fingers still lively within her she stares up at him without blinking. Yearning for his further attentions he merely leans in eye to eye and stares. His sudden change in expression made her tremble.
"I want you to stop wearing underwear."
"I look sexy in them."
"Do I need to burn every pair of panties you own?"
She hesitates while moaning, resisting blinks as she ponders his threat. "No. I'll compromise with you Heath. When you're home I won't wear any. Please do not burn my underwear that would not make me very happy. I want to be happy."
"You should be naked 24/7."
"In time. Respect my wishes for now."
Growling at her makes her share shy eyes. Seeing his bitter attitude she fingers herself harder, hoping that her nearing climax might change his demeanor. She loved a stern attitude but she also liked her own decisions. As a former Model her wardrobe was her soul. Careful Heath Talbot. She bit her lower lip at his demonic gaze, it made her wetter than ever before. Whimpering erratically she had to seal her eyelids to close off her nerves. He would not have it.
"LOOK AT ME." He snaps. Immediately she opens her eyes and returns to his strict expression. "Change your life for us. Our whore. Understood?"
"Yes."
"You should listen to what we want of you. I want no underwear ever. Learn to be obedient."
"I'm already obedient. I just need my own thoughts on certain things. I have no problem being what you want Heath."
"Cum you slut."
The washer storms her senses on its final stampede around the end. Moving so violently that her jaw drops and her fingers add a third joining forces in her succulent torment. Eyes begging toward Heath she whispers, "I love this new you. Please don't stop."
"I SAID CUM!!" His face turns red as he goes brow to brow. "DON'T MAKE ME FINGER YOU. KNUCKLE THAT CUNT BITCH."
Margo Needy complied with a vibrant exertion. Fingers ramming deep into her as his scalding exhales pelted her face. "I love you Heath." She whispered. He merely rolled his eyes. Seeing his aggravation she added a fourth finger. Not used to so many of her own fingers embedded she tilts her head back. "GOD!" On it's highest circulation the washer entices her to explode. Her juices spraying out all over Heath's work uniform drowning his abs and crotch. He finally smiled. She kept vigil looking up with an almost innocent stare.
"Run my bathwater." He lifts away as she slips from the dwindling washing machines effects. Stepping in her leftovers she nearly slipped, catching herself by hands on Heath's chest. Trembling hard after her orgasm she felt her knees buckling. Heath in response nudged her down to the floor kneeling in her mess. "Crawl to your bathroom."
Without argue she dropped on to all fours and began her journey. Her trickling pussy left a liquid trail out into the hallway before ending, her wet knees adding to the stains. Following her tight ass prowling left to right Heath leaned down and slapped her left butt cheek. She could not stop smiling inside, if not out. She maintained her temperament with a subservient expression.
Another slap leads to fingers dipping into her wetness, she shivered but continued her trek. All the way to her bedroom door he tailed her. Halting at the threshold he barks, "YOU DON'T LEAVE THOSE KNEES."
"Yes Heath." She murmured just loud enough for him to hear. With her compliance Heath Talbot knew he was on the right track. Leaving her he goes to his own bedroom to change out of his clothes. Nude he listens in his doorway to water running. Wanting to give her time to complete her task he ponders just how far he should push her. Stern or not he did enjoy his new home. Was this added pressure worth the risk of getting kicked out? Then, his thoughts on Jenna, he needed more experience as a dominant. That and he seriously wanted to impress Fannie Filmore into seeing him regularly, that required a dedication to his performance. Margo was his practice yummy.
"Hell yes it is. This bitch is mine." He grunts slapping the threshold of his door. Smug he takes the walk directly into Margo's bedroom, her doors removed weeks ago so that all four boys had open access to her. The proposed No Boundaries rule that Brian Hancock got her to agree to left her wide open to their seductions. Thus far she had embraced them 100% outside of her clothing defiance. Now it was time to embrace her slave tendencies. Heath Talbot was a determined guy.
Entering her bathroom just as she shuts the water off, bubbles flowing like cloud cover he was impressed. Still on her knees she barely acknowledges his arrival. Moving around her Heath goes over to her toilet and stands there. "Lift the lid." Obeying she crawls forth and does indeed lift her toilet seat. "Point my cock and hold it while I piss." Moving closer she fondles his erection then guides it down with precision aim. Awaiting his urination she lowers her gaze and opts to lightly squeeze his balls as if encouraging his desire to empty his bladder. Seconds later a harsh stream rains down into the toilet. "Hold my cock until I'm done pissing." That was what she was already doing, still she complied. Margo admired it's force and remained vigilant in her grasp. As his stream ended he coughed, "Shake it out." She smiled faintly and did indeed shake his cock of it's final droplets. Impressed Heath smirks, "That's a good slut."
"Anything for my handsome..."
"Master?" He dared to challenge her thoughts.
"Heath?"
"Answer me."
"I have no true Master, however I will gladly roleplay with all of you. You can all be my Master. Just understand that I will only cooperate when I want to. I love you all and believe me when I tell you I will always do everything in my power to satisfy your needs. If that means be your slave in the moment. Then, yes Master."
"We'll work on that." He scowls.
"As you wish Master." She winks, "Your bathwater is getting cold. Climb in and I'll bathe you like a King."
"A MASTER." He raises his tone.
"Yes as a Master." She lowers her gaze and crawls away from him to offer him the tub as if a game show assistant. He decides to climb in and settle down into the water, bubbles covering his visibility. She smiles over the edge of the tub at him.
"May we talk?" She beguiles him with sparkling eyes.
"Sure."
"While I'm truly honored that you wish to own me I need you, all of you, to understand I'm still a very independent woman. I love to give without take in most cases. Being all of your fantasies makes me feel very alive. I've missed being wanted so much. Honestly, I was only allowed out of our home when Darryl took me on the road with him, when he showed me off."
"Let people fuck you?"
"Yes."
"Gangbangs?"
"No. Well, almost. There were times he allowed men to touch me and kiss me without sex. Usually, if I had sex with others it was never more than a threesome."
"So the night all four of us fucked you was your first official gangbang?"
"Yes. And, I'll never forget it. I loved it."
"Brian's sucker punch gangbang...?"
"I loved that just as much, even though I knew none of them."
"What you told me a few days back about Eric's idea for another bonfire. Truth?"
"Very much so. Heath? I cannot get enough sex. I truthfully want you boys to constantly push my limits."
"Thirty guys is a lot."
"Then invite more." She giggles, "I'm tough."
"Alright. Can't wait to see you in action."
"Ready for me to bathe you?"
"Climb in with me."
Standing she crawls in and sits down facing him. Sudsing up her sponge she attentively washes his upper body. She follows each cleansed area with a soft kiss. He loved her tenderness. Once she begins washing his lower region he stands up in the water and lets her lift his penis and wash all around his balls. Kissing his scrotum she tugs at it with her lips. A few throat thrusts over his cock made him crave her all the more.
Turning his back to her she spreads his cheeks and cleans his backside extremely well. Once finished she licks his anal cavity until he nearly slips on the tub floor. Laughing about it he decides to sit back down and relax. She finishes washing his feet and between his toes. Job well done she sets the sponge aside and opts to turn around and lay back against his chest. His dick up between her legs, she fondles him lovingly.
"Did I bathe you well Master?" She looks back at him seductively.
Gripping her throat from behind Heath Talbot smirks, "I'm not asking Margo. I need you to be my slave fulltime."
"Heath..."
"FULL FUCKING TIME."
With shy eyes she swallows, "Heath I..."
"WHAT DID I JUST SAY?" He chokes her throat more tightly, trembling in his possession.
"Full fucking time." She repeats with a gurgle in her tone.
"Kick me out of here if you can't obey me." He knew this could kill his happy home but he needed to test her.
"I don't want you to move out. I need you. All of you."
"FULL...FUCKING...TIME!! Am I clear?"
"Yes."
"YES WHO?"
"YES MASTER."
"No more of this Heath or Mister Talbot. ONLY MASTER."
"Yes Master."
"I'm serious Margo."
"In front of the others?"
"Call them Master too."
"Yes Master."
"Even in front of Elliot." He challenges her.
"What?" Concern crept in.
"AM I FUCKING CLEAR?" He snaps making her jump.
"Yes. Even in front of my son. I will survive the humiliation."
"You know your son wants to fuck your ass. Call him Master too."
"Yes...Master." The thought disturbed her.
"How's that for testing your limitations Milf?"
"Have I passed?"
"So far. Still love me?"
"Forever."
"How did you feel when you noticed Brian's friend videotaping your entire gangbang?"
"Like a pornstar."
"You could easily be one."
"What will they do with the video?" She knew from Eric earlier but desired to hear it again.
"Copy it for everyone to own a piece of you. Sell copies."
"Do I get a cut?" She snickers.
"Nope. Only the money when they pay to fuck you."
"Master?"
"Yes."
"Fuck me."
"Your hands are stroking it. Put it in you."
"Thank you Master."
She reaches under her thighs with both hands even as he chokes her and penetrates herself. Heath drives upward and makes her moan. She rides along and doesn't worry about the splashing water it could be mopped up later. Seeing the controls of the tub to his side Heath fires up the jets and the water becomes turbulent. Together they shared an invigorating rumble that quickly ends with he cumming inside her as always, she whining at her own flood merging with the bathwater. Both were loyal to comforting the other.
"Margo?"
"Yes Master?"
"I'm going to hold you to your word. I will however treat you with respect unless I want you. I snap a finger you obey though. Understood?"
"Yes. I will obey you. All of you."
"Sounds like we need a family meeting doesn't it?"
"Yes. Strangely, I think I have changed my tune. While independent I like this owner exchange."
"Live your life. Just live it for us when we call upon you."
"Yes Master."
"Let's dry off and go to my bedroom. I need a massage."
"As you wish."
Crawling off of him she quickly bathes his genitals a second time, including her own. Done she steps out claiming a towel and awaits him to join her. Standing as needed she dries him from head to toe and kisses the crown of his dick as a final touch. Drying herself off he snaps his fingers pointing at the floor.
"Crawl to my room."
"Yes Master."
Off she went. Heath followed her like before and this time slapped her ass four different times until she reached his room. Shutting his door he walks around her and plops face down on his mattress.
"Get up here and massage every fucking inch of me."
"Yes Master." She crawled in and straddled his waist sitting her ass cheeks over his. Her massage moved quickly over his shoulders, neck, and scalp. Just as she began to reposition Heath turned under her and yanked her down into his arms. Kisses began as he offers her passion for long moments. Satisfied that he fed into her emotions he rolls her over on to her belly and lays atop her. Another round of temptatious kisses to her neck and shoulders Heath rears back and spreads her ass cheeks. Eying her butt pucker he smiled. A careful penetration Heath Talbot fucked her ass to a symphony of..."I LOVE YOU MASTER."
Nutting in her ass he fell over her and literally nodded off. Margo lay there with his weight on her and sighed. Thoughts taking over, "Four Masters...too much fun." Then the Elliot as Master thing arose, "That is going to be a challenge. I need to talk to Elliot very soon and prepare him."
It could wait.
"UGH! I still have laundry in the washer."
Still no pictures were taken for her son.
She was trapped beneath him for a good thirty minutes. Good for her considering his dick was still inside her the entire time. Her Master maintained his erection.
No more buts. Just butts.