Having been up half the night drying and folding bed linen, Willa was trying hard to stay awake. Her curiosity was eating at her. What did Nick and Claire's dungeon look like? Was it even real? Was Jesse merely pulling her leg?
Groaning at her mental frustration she carried a large basket of the linen back upstairs to put it away. She enjoyed the silence but it also made her mind fantasize. She had on occasion heard stories about S&M antics. It intrigued her yet not enough to give up her proper life back in Chicago for such a thing. But, now that her life was being examined more closely under Nick's roof and literary wiles, she felt the urge to learn more.
Retiring to her bedroom she drags out her laptop and taps into the wireless connection of the home. She then looked up "Bondage". As photos erupted by the dozens her jaw dropped held up only by her fingers covering her lips.
"Wowza! Scary stuff." She thought while perusing through a second gallery.
Finally, she tires and falls to sleep with her laptop still on beside her.
As morning arrived she heard Baby Grace chattering over her monitor and forced herself out of bed. Swiftly, she changes her clothing to a green tank top and white jean shorts. She decided it best to avoid showing off so much more in front of Jesse. Her shorts although very short were less revealing. The tank top left little to the imagination. Her nipples were like daggers as it was. That alone should satisfy the son. Teasing would be minimal today. Her obligation to obey Nick and keep peace was more important than her temptation to drive Jesse insane. Even though she really wanted to.
Monitor in hand she heads to embrace Baby Grace. Their time together would be intimate until Daddy and Brother had time for her. A break would come after breakfast. So she thought.
At 10:00 AM she had cleaned the microwave while Grace played in her high chair until she got sleepy. Carrying her upstairs Willa laid her back into her crib for a nap. Armed with the baby monitor she had a brilliant inspiration.
Speedily she raced back down to the kitchen and found two breakfast trays and went about assembling scrambled eggs, toast, and juice. Making two trips to the top of the stairs she sat them on the carpet by both Jesse's and Nick's bedroom. She knew Jesse couldn't leave his room until Nick allowed it. Therefore she chose Nick first. Creeping up to his door she lightly knocked until she heard Nick return with a weary, "Yes?"
"I made you breakfast in bed. Should I leave it out here or bring it in?"
Silence for a moment before she hears a strained, "Enter."
She juggles the tray in favor of the door knob and carefully guides it open. Upon entering she see's Nick covered from the waist down by bedding as he sits up in bed. Her foot eases the door to drift shut barely latching.
Rubbing his eyes he mutters, "What brought this on?"
She smiles, scurrying to the side of his bed in order to pass the tray down to him.
"I just felt like showing you my appreciation. I made a tray for Jesse too. It's outside his door. I thought I should ask you before assuming it's okay to give it too him."
"That's fine." He eyes her bulging chest and stabbing nipples, "Rather perky this morning I see."
She fidgets a smile, "I can say the same of you, Good Sir."
She observes his massive erection beneath the sheets. He grins, "Morning wood. How's my daughter?"
"In her crib. She drifted off while I was cleaning the kitchen. I decided to lay her down."
"I see. Your eggs are delicious." He scarfs them up.
"Thank you. Should I offer Jesse his before they get too cold?"
"Sure. Why don't you sit with him awhile. Make peace."
"I'll try. Should I kiss Dorian good morning?"
Nick raises an eye brow then eyes his erection.
"Is that his name now?"
"You tell me, you're the Author."
He nibbles at his toast, "Make it a peck. I need more rest. I teach tonight."
She leans over him and tugs the sheet down enough to reveal Nick's monster cock and puckers her lips. A warm succulent kiss to his crown left him speechless. Nick nodded his approval as she bats her eyes at him. As her lips suction over the crown to slowly abandon him he grits his teeth.
"Dorian approves. Now go on, I need a few more hours to rest up."
"Rest well, Sir."
Taking her leave she closes his bedroom door and shuffles down the hall to Jesse's room. She lifts his tray and knocks.
She hears a disgruntled, "Yeah?"
"I made you breakfast in bed, Jesse. Can I come in?"
"Just a second." She waits until he grumbles, "Come on in."
Opening his door she see's him shirtless for the first time. He had a nasty case of bedhead. Around his neck was a leathery choker with a turquoise inlay. Something some Indian tribe might have made.
Like Father, like son she thought as she eyed his erection concealed barely by a thin sheet. He had discarded the outer blanket before she entered. Easy enough to tell at finding it halfway off the bed.
She carried the tray over to him and rested it on his lap. She let her hair dangle into his face. Standing up she smiled, "Peace offering. Eat up."
He bit into a piece of toast and chewed while staring up at her.
"Does Dad know you did this?"
"Of course. I got permission before serving you. I made him breakfast in bed too."
Jesse looks at her wide eyed.
"He let you into his and moms bedroom?"
"All I did was bring him breakfast silly. Besides you were there when I changed their bedding. Not my first time in there." She of course had to lie.
"Still. That seems kind of weird. Dad wasn't in bed when you changed his bedding."
"Why? I just felt like doing something nice. Is that so wrong?"
"I guess not. I just know Dad sleeps in the nude."
"He was covered up. More than you are Pervert." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"Hey my junks covered up."
"Barely." She drops down to sit beside him, "Scoot over Freak."
Sitting on the sheet made it taunt. As he scooted over his pubic region came into view. He had to stop or his erection would pop out from under it. Of course Willa knew she had created a predicament. Devious indeed.
Suddenly, Jesse grew shy and felt nauseous.
"Try the scrambled eggs. Your Dad loved them."
He gathers a bite with his fork and trembles as he eats. On his second bite he drops some into his lap and freezes to look down at his pubic area to see the eggs looming amid them.
"Hey, I made those to eat not wear. Pick them out I'll turn away."
He swiftly picked up after himself and covered his blushing with his orange juice glass.
"So, what possessed you to spray paint that Jeep?" She probed.
Sulking lightly, "I dunno. Bored I guess."
"You couldn't have painted on a canvas could you Picasso?"
He chuckles, "Little Devil whispered in my only ear."
"Really? Was it this ear?" She leans over and nuzzles his ear as she whispers, "I can make you deviled eggs next time."
He snorts orange juice through his nose and quickly covers it. She sits back against his headboard scowling.
"That's it, ruin your clean sheets with juice."
Both laugh as Jesse looks at her, "Here have a bite."
His fork guides a bite toward her then he tilts it to sprinkle the kernels down into her massive cleavage. She drops her jaw glaring down at her breasts.
"Seriously? This is what I get for being nice to you?"
"Here I'll clean you up."
He reaches over placing a hand on her tanks upper hemline. She eyes him with a wince as he picks out pieces. She pulls her top out more allowing him a better look. A small curd had fell lower toward her belly which he carefully reached for. She had to laugh at the depth he chose to dig. Tugging her shirt out for the buried treasure. Finally, he pulls his hand out and grins at her.
"At least you didn't lose your toast." Willa fidgets her lips.
He peps up, "Oh, hey. I found your picture on my desktop. Awesome. Take some more."
"I think that one should suffice. Don't let your parents find that."
"Come on Willa. Just a couple."
He eagerly sets his tray off to the right side of him and starts to jump out of bed to set his webcam. He then realizes his total nudity and swiftly covers back up, "Sorry!"
She closes her eyes at his flurry of excitement, "I did not see that."
Groaning she crawls from the bed and goes to his computer activating the webcam. She looks back at Jesse watching her every move. Finally, she points at him.
"Three new pictures. How do you want me? Clothing stays on."
He ponders a moment.
"Can we both be in the pic?"
"Sure. Just behave yourself."
"I will. You know I have a remote for the webcam. No need to set a timer. It's up there on that book shelf."
She stands up to locate the device showing it for confirmation.
"Gee, this might have helped when I took those other pictures. I deleted the ones I didn't like. Where do you want me?"
"Hop up here on the bed. On your knees facing the cam."
She moves into position in front of him and looks back, "Like this?"
"Yea. Now put your hands up your shirt and squeeze your tits."
"Jesse! I never agreed to dirty pic's."
"You're covered. It's just sexy."
"Okay. I guess it's innocent enough."
She lifts her tank up in front revealing her belly button all the way up to her lower breast. She then reaches under the shirt to clutch both mounds. As the flash goes off she blows it a kiss.
"How was that?"
He shows her using the remote to view the picture.
"Nice. What next?" She releases her tits but leaves the shirt wrinkled up to rub her tummy. Held by her forearm.
"Bend forward for a cleavage shot."
"I gave you cleavage when I took my own pics."
"Just bend over. Palms on the mattress."
Sighing she falls forward looking at the monitor.
"Good enough?"
She feels him rustle around on the mattress and realizes that he was on his knees behind her. The sheet had left his body and his erection was right between her legs.
"Hey! Cover up back there. I'm closing my eyes until you do."
He snaps a photo looking as if he was taking her from behind doggy style. A smug look on his face made it priceless. He settles back and covers up.
"Open your eyes now. I'm covered. How do you like that pic?"
She pries her eyelids open to view the monitor. Giggling she shakes her head, "Yeah, you wish."
"You can't tell me you're not having fun." He smirks.
"Maybe. What's the third photo?"
"Come sit by me and cuddle under my arm."
She frowns but complies, crawling amid the sheet to sit beside him. He places his arm around her and plants his head on hers. She moves her left arm around over his torso. Her wrist touched his erection accidently. As she swiftly raised her hand he yanked his sheet off by using his toes. Snapping the picture left her looking as if she was reaching for his now exposed dick.
She closed her eyes before getting a look at it.
"That was soooooooo wrong, Jesse."
Laughing he said, "You know you want to touch it."
Eyes sealed she crawls from bed and stands up pulling her tank top down. She grimaces, "I need to check on Grace. Take your tray down when you finish."
"Don't you want to see the picture?" He posts it on the monitor.
"No, I'll pass. You need to delete that one, Jesse. Your parents would never understand."
"Naaaaaaaaaa! I like it."
"There you go again. Back to being a jackass. I think you must be bi-polar."
She abandons Jesse to obsess over the pictures.
Toward the evening Nick had finished his beach chapter and had silently pulled Willa aside from Jesse who was playing a video game on early prison release in the den. She and Grace were watching him play. He motions her to join him outside the room.
"Here's the chapter. Read it later by yourself. I'll begin work on the bonfire chapter you requested as inspiration."
"Okay. Hey, Nick? Just to warn you, Jesse took some crazy pictures of me that are on his computer. One that caught me off guard. I just don't want you to think anything is going on. I tease but Jesse just seems to make it worse. He's evil."
Nick grins, "I trust you, Willa. You won't go too far."
"Easy for you to say. In some ways I already feel like I've gone too far. Mostly, because I love this job. The things I've experienced under your supervision makes me crazy. The two occupations clash."
"Clash? I suppose I understand your dilemma. Like I said, we might revise your duties to be shared more by Charlotte. I have lots of ideas I need to explore with you as Sara. We can talk more about that when Jesse's back in school and Claire returns home." He turns then halts in step, "Oh, almost forgot. Here is your first paycheck."
Handing it to Willa the young woman bulges her eyes, "$3,000? That's a grand more than I'm entitled too."
"You've earned every penny."
Brilliant smile she bounces, "Can we go shopping tomorrow? Clothing that I want to buy. Please?"
He frowns, "I can make time. I'll force Jesse to stay home with Grace. Charlotte should also be available for a few hours."
"Yay. Thank you, Dorian. Nick. Master."
"I have to go. Traffic is horrible in the city. I might be late getting home. Hold the fort down."
"Yes, Sir. I'll do my best. I'm going to put Grace to bed then take a shower. I'll read your chapter in bed."
"Have a good night, Willamina."
After a stern yet brief chat with Jesse over respect, Nick Benson headed off to school.
Jesse continued his game for the next hour.
Once Willa took Grace upstairs he halted and saved his game. For the next thirty minutes he waited on her to leave Grace to her slumber. Unknown to him that in the thirty minute wait Willa had sat in the nursery reading Nick's chapter. There were no alterations to what really happened to her. She was high on life and horny as hell. Excited to impossible levels she hissed at her dilemma. She was ordered to behave. She hated to disobey Nick but her inner demons were dancing and tapping her shoulder to cut in.
Tonight, Jesse would get the tease of his life.
He stalked silently downstairs until he heard Willa head to her bedroom. As he heard the shower in her bath turn on he crept upstairs.
"Holy crap! Her bedroom door's not closed all the way."
His thoughts led to a whole lot of snooping.
Willa wouldn't have it any other way.