[This is the eighth chapter in the series HouseKeeping. It would be best if you could read first Chapters 1 through 7 so you can gain the benefit of knowing the backstory of Chapter 8 This chapter has less sex but a lot of tease in it. But the story is still erotic as hell for those who enjoy erotic tension and voyeuristic pleasures. As always, please feel free to offer any feedback you want. An author always values feedback from his readers.]
*****
An hour after leaving the rest area, I was driving down the narrow streets of downtown St. Augustine. My thoughts were still in an upheaval over realizing with finality that I was in love with Kelsey. But in the past hour I had become comfortable with the idea. Over the last twenty years, I had grown to think of myself as an individual, a single man, a man without a permanent relationship. Now it appears I will have to rethink that image of myself that I had carried for so long.
And the idea of that was not entirely bad.
So now, as Kelsey and I stood at the desk in the lobby of his favorite B&B in St. Augustine, my thoughts were almost naturally thinking in terms of a couple and not two people. In a way, it felt strange. But in a way, it felt entirely natural.
"Mr. Weston, you are back with us. And for three days, if I remember correctly?" The sweet voice of Mrs. Yarrow interrupted his thoughts as she entered the room from the kitchen. Mrs. Yarrow was the older lady, somewhere above sixty, who owned and managed the Yarrow House B&B. She was very attractive, still slender and shapely, and quite stylish. Her almost totally gray hair was up in its usual bun, and I found myself wondering once again what it would look like if she let her hair down. I thought of her as a European Lady in every way, almost royalty, as did most of the guests at the "House," as she called it.
"Welcome to Yarrow House, dear. And you are?" Mrs. Yarrow spoke directly to Kelsey, as she appraised my companion as if to judge her worthiness to accompany a favored guest of the House.
"I am Kelsey and I will be staying with Todd." Kelsey said this quietly but with the confidence and smile that came from frequently being escorted by her knight. Mrs. Yarrow picked up on her attitude of confidence, and actually liked her for it. She had her fill of husbands stealing a weekend away from the family to spend with a secret mistress, who always seemed to be possessive to a selfish extent, and with the two of them almost hiding from everyone while at her house. This woman, noted Mrs. Yarrow, was with Todd and was proud of it and thrilled by it. This woman had class and style, both of which Mrs. Yarrow liked.
"I am so glad, and I would imagine Todd is, also." Her smile went from Kelsey to me and back again. "Do either of you have any special needs or requests while you are staying at Yarrow House?" She looked from me to Kelsey and back but got no response. "Okay. And I have what I think is good news for you. Todd, when you called this morning to make your reservations (Kelsey quickly looked at Todd because she was unaware that Todd had called for reservations. She wondered if he called before or after she had agreed to come with him...), we only had the one room available. We had a cancellation just half an hour ago, and we have a much nicer room available if you would like." Kelsey was the one to respond.
"If it is the honeymoon suite, we won't be needing it this visit." After she said it, Kelsey almost gasped when she realized the implications of her words. Mrs Yarrow noticed the gasp and saw how Kelsey quite honestly brought her hand to cover her mouth in astonishment.
She clearly went farther than she intended with that one,Mrs. Yarrow tried to suppress the smile that came quickly to her face,but this was a blunder of the heart. She is clearly leaning in that direction. I wonder if Todd is aware of her feelings...Even I looked at Kelsey in some surprise, because I was also thinking about the honeymoon suite here.
"Actually," chucked Mrs. Yarrow, "It is the honeymoon suite. It is larger and more comfortable than your usual room, and it has a couple of nice additions that you might enjoy." Kelsey was quick to notice the comment about the "usual room." Her own words surprised her because she was uncertain the actual reason for her next question.
"So, Todd has been here before?" Immediately, Kelsey regretted her question. She decided she was more nervous than she had thought about being here with Todd. One stupid comment and one stupid question in two minutes of conversation indicated her anxiety. She looked down at the floor in embarrassment.
"Oh, yes, several times, and we usually try to give him the same room because he likes the view from the balcony. But to answer your question, I have never seen Mr. Weston check in with a woman before. You are the first." Mrs. Yarrow, ever the lady, didn't even have to lie about this. I had never taken one of my mini-vacations with a woman. But I appreciated her protective comment all the same.
"Oh, that wasn't what... I mean, I really didn't want..." Kelsey was embarrassed by the fact that Mrs. Yarrow had read her mind and responded before she was asked. Kelsey looked at me with clear anxiety in her eyes.
"Kelsey, come here." Kelsey walked the two steps separating her from me. And I, without a word, wrapped my arms around her and gently kissed her lips. "I have been here several times and I have never brought a woman with me. I have always gone on my mini vacations alone. This is something new for me. Please believe me on this. You are here because I very much want you here. Okay?" Kelsey smiled at first hesitantly, and then widely and lost her apparent embarrassment immediately. Then I turned to Mrs. Yarrow and grinned.
"This is a fairly new relationship, Mrs. Yarrow, and we aren't sure where it is going. So we are both a little anxious about things. But it clearly seems to have moved from boss/employee to romance. And unless things change in the near future, I think she is going to be seeing a lot of me for a long time." And I looked back at Kelsey. "No one can guarantee the future, sweetheart, so let's just relax and enjoy what we have for this weekend. Okay? I mean, things right now are looking a whole lot better than they were just a couple of hours ago, right?" Kelsey nodded. "So next week we can worry about everything else. Right now, we are on vacation." Not for the first time, Mrs. Yarrow noticed that I was indeed a sensitive man and a smooth talker, at the same time. In her experience, men were either one or the other.Of course, most men in her experience seemed to be neither,she chuckled to herself.Maybe that is why I like him so much.She noted that I accomplished two important goals in one breath. I calmed her anxiety and I indicated I was open to a long-term and maybe even permanent relationship. She had a sneaking suspicion that this relationship was going somewhere, and she was happy for both of us.
"So, which key do I give you?" Mrs. Yarrow left her musings long enough to deal with the practical issues of the moment.
"Well," I answered slowly, "how about if we look at the room before deciding?" Mrs. Yarrow pulled both of the keys off the pegboard behind the desk and led the way up the stairs. The beautiful and broad stairway with its luxuriously soft carpeting led to a second floor with four beautiful rooms. But the stairway continued up to the third floor, all of which comprised the honeymoon suite.
The door to the honeymoon suite opened into a sitting room with desk and chair, along with a couch and love seat facing the entertainment center comprised of a large flat-screen TV and CD/DVD player connected to the speakers. In addition, beautiful double doors opened into a bedroom. There was a dresser with 5 drawers in some beautiful carved wood of an antique European design, and a huge king-sized bed with a matching dark hand-carved headboard. The colorful comforter on the bed was lined on the edges with beautiful white lace. There was a night stand with a small reading lamp on each side of the bed. The furniture was clearly a matched set and clearly expensive.
And the bedroom opened into a large bathroom. It had a double sink and large mirror that served as a dressing room, separated by a wall from the toilet. Past the toilet was an over-sized whirlpool tub for two surrounded by mirrors.
Kelsey's reaction was immediate. "Oh, this is so beautiful! I have never seen anything like it. I love it SO MUCH! Oh,' she paused for a second, "can we afford the upgrade?" Her quick hesitancy was almost from embarrassment. I knew that she could not afford a room like this, and she was trying to be careful about assuming I would pay for the increase in cost over his "usual room." Once again, I greatly appreciated the woman next to me.
"Oh, we can definitely afford it." My comment was almost unconcerned. "But the question is SHOULD we afford it?" I paused for just a moment before my face broke into a wide grin. Kelsey's concern seemed to melt away with my grin.
Mrs. Yarrow missed none of this. She first saw Kelsey's clear and undisguised love for the room, which touched the heart of the woman who owned the furniture. Then she saw the genuine concern over the finances, clearly indicating that this was no gold-digger out for the most she can get over a weekend. She found herself liking this friend of one of her favorite guests more and more.
"Actually, I think I can resolve the financial issue, if you would allow me." Both Kelsey and I turned toward her. "The previous reservation had a non-refundable reservation fee with it. I believe that would take care of any upgrade fee for the three days of your stay. Assuming, of course, that you want the room, there would be no increase in fee over your usual room." She smiled when she saw my quick look in her direction, and smiled even wider when she saw Kelsey's near scream of joy.
"Todd, could we? I mean, would that be okay with you?" Kelsey was quiet and not quite pleading as she asked the questions, but her pent-up excitement was palpable. "I love this room! It would be so cool to stay here." Mrs. Yarrow noticed her used of the word "cool" and liked it. While the term might have dated the woman, Mrs. Yarrow appreciated the flash-back to her younger years. She considered the decision already made, with me yet to realize it.
"Well, if two beautiful women have agreed, who am I to stand in the way?" Kelsey's squeal indicated her acceptance of my surrender, and she grabbed me and kissed me square on the lips. Again, Mrs. Yarrow noted the genuine relationship here, and not the usual surface relationships that she saw so often.
"Then we need to get your things moved in here, and I will take care of the paperwork." The smile on Mrs. Yarrow's face spoke volumes. She wasn't sure if I realized just how deep I was into this relationship. She only knew me from my several visits here at the House, but she clearly liked my sincerity and integrity. She hoped that Kelsey was worthy of what she believed was a fine man.
"Actually, we have almost nothing to move. This was a rather spontaneous decision, and we didn't bring any bags." I almost sounded sheepish in my admission. Kelsey's response was almost immediate.
"Yes, we need to go shopping. I have nothing to wear and no make-up at all. We don't even have shampoo." Her words were accompanied by looking around the room to see of there was anything else they might need for the next three days.
"You will find soaps, body wash, shampoo and conditioner in the bathroom. And of course, all the towels and linens you would need come with the room. But anything else you might need would require a shopping trip. If you care to tell me what you need, I could recommend some shops near here." Mrs. Yarrow was willing to be quite helpful. "And, honey, I know of a boutique just up the street that would carry anything you might need to wear." Her smile at Kelsey brought a return smile of appreciation. "Don't forget, Todd, about our special dress code around here. I have already spoken with our other guests and they are just fine with that. So I am sure that Kelsey will want a couple of nice things to wear for our cocktail hour and our evening meals." Kelsey looked at me and then at Mrs. Yarrow in curiosity.
"Honey, we have a special dress code here if all the guests agree. While we don't call it 'clothing optional,' we don't really have a label to put on it. Dinner here is not quite a formal affair, but we like to dress nicely for it. And before dinner, we have a cocktail hour in the library. The women usually like to dress up in a special way for that. I usually describe it as 'sexy elegance.' The women like to dress up in, how should I call it, distracting but elegant outfits. Please, nothing slutty, but still distracting. Todd, you have been here for that before. How would you describe it?" She wisely turned to me to let him continue the description.
"Kelsey, the women wear sexy and revealing outfits to see if they can turn the men on. That about cover it?" I grinned at Mrs. Yarrow, who nodded, and then at Kelsey, who looked intrigued. "This will give you a chance to wear things you have always wanted but were too self-conscious to wear before. Tonight, you can show off and not feel out of place. Most of the women will be wearing clothes that they could not wear anyplace else, at least not in public where families would be enjoying themselves." Mrs. Yarrow decided to make things more clear.
"In other words, Kelsey, if your outfit doesn't make the men hard as they enjoy their cocktails, then you have failed. And I think looking at you that you could not possibly fail to keep them hard." Kelsey's eyes got huge as she looked at the other two, and then almost giggled.
"I think that sounds exciting. But I have noting like that to wear." Mrs. Yarrow took her hand and led her out of the room, with the two of them talking in conspiratorial whispers. I merely shook my head without comment, then closed and locked the doors as I followed the women.
Half an hour later found Kelsey and I in what appeared from the outside to be a simple dress shop. But once we entered, both were amazed at the quality and the designs of the clothing.
"I hope the two of you are enjoying St. Augustine this afternoon. My name is Cindy. How can I help you?" They turned around and saw a beautiful woman in her mid-forties standing behind them. She wore a simple sundress similar to the one Kelsey owned. But where Kelsey's dress buttoned down the front, this woman's dress almost had no front. It had a neckline that plunged so deeply that it showed most of her ample breasts, and cut so wide that it barely hid her nipples. Kelsey couldn't help but stare at such a sexy dress worn by such a sexy woman. The woman noticed Kelsey staring and offered an explanation.
"Some of the places around here cater to a clientele that enjoys looking sexy. St. Augustine has a night-life that would surprise many people. And we are the best place to find outfits that women like to wear to those places. I hope that does not offend you." The woman was clearly not apologetic about looking so hot, and stood proudly for both of us to continue staring at her beautiful body.
"No, not at all. In fact, that is exactly why we are here." Kelsey stopped staring long enough to speak with the woman. "We are staying at the Yarrow House and..." The woman smiled as she interrupted Kelsey with a welcome exclamation.
"My favorite place in all the world. We get a lot of people who need something to wear on those 'special dress code' weekends. In fact, my husband and I usually show up for the cocktail hour. You have come to the right place. And with your body, sweetheart, I have several things that I believe you will absolutely love!" Without another word, she took Kelsey's hand and almost dragged her toward the back of the store. I sighed, and looked around for someplace to sit.
It took almost an hour for the two women to make some decisions and ask for my opinion. When they called my name, I almost rolled my eyes and walked to the back of the store. But once there, I was glad I came.
Kelsey was wearing a dress that almost defied description. The more I looked, the more I was challenged to describe it. Mostly black, it accented her shape in every way possible. It had a long skirt, almost down to her ankles, with a sheer layer on top with a white lacy hem at the bottom. The two-layer skirt made an attractive but very sexy bottom half to the dress. It was tight all the way down, but with a slit up the center almost to her crotch. The top was a curious design that was more a long and narrow scarf from her waist up one side, around her neck, and down the other side. The material itself was dark gray and soft and silky, but no more than six inches wide, with a strip of white lace along both edges. One end was tucked into the waist. As it traveled up the body, it spread to cover her large breast. It then bunched up again and extended up her chest, around her neck, and ran down the other side. As it cascaded down the side, it spreading again to cover her other breast. Clearly she had no bra. I could tell because her beautiful breasts jiggled and swayed erotically as she moved. But also the material covering her breasts was nearly transparent. The overall effect was to cover the breasts while still putting them on display. I was stunned by how beautiful it looked on her, as well as how sexy it allowed her to look. The two women were looking at me but I really could not speak.
"I think he likes it," Cindy laughed the words more than spoke them. She nudged Kelsey and pointed at my crotch, which sported a significant bulge. "See, it's working." And both women burst into laughter. I still had not spoken a word, and turned away in partial embarrassment. As I started to leave, the women called out to me.
"Wait! Please don't be embarrassed. We were only playing with you. Well, not yet, anyway." The women burst into more laughter at the joke. Kelsey walked up to me and took my hand, trying hard to stifle her laughter.
"Seriously, Todd, I value your opinion. Please tell me what you think of this dress." She was clearly trying to make amends, and I could never stay angry at her even without her attempt. Besides, I really wanted to get a better look at that sexy dress. So I turned back to the women, trying my best to look pained and exasperated.
I squinted his eyes, trying to look studious. I started at her feet and commented on her shoes. They were a lace-up sandal with a three-inch wedge heel, making her look almost six feet tall. The long skirt was obviously slim-line and showed her long legs and luscious hips narrowing down to her small waist, but it was the slit in the front that caught his eye. I found myself wanting to bend over to get a better look at what was hidden at the top of that slit, but I resisted. Even crossing her legs, I knew there was no way she could sit down without showing panties, or the fact that she was not wearing panties, one or the other. I smiled in anticipation of that, and the women noticed my smile. As my eyes traveled up her slim waist and tight abs, they stopped short at her breasts. Where the material hung almost flat on her waist, it was pushed out by her large breasts. While the thin material was gathered as it traveled up her stomach, it was stretched to cover her breasts. And there was where the transparent nature of the material was at its best. Her breasts with their large areolae could clearly be seen through the translucent material, her large nipples poking into prominence. Overall, it was an incredibly sexy dress, and I loved it.
"I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this dress. So we are going to buy it even if you decline to wear it." My honest opinion came out in a nearly uncontrollable burst of words, while my eyes never left her breasts.
"Okay, so we have our first dress." Cindy began to usher Kelsey back into the dressing room but Kelsey stopped her.
"Wait, how much is it?" Kelsey's concern over the cost was evident. I was quick to respond with my own question.
"Did I ask how much it cost?" I paused and Kelsey shook her head negatively. "Then it is clearly not an important issue, is it?" As much as I tried to look almost stern, I couldn't hide the slight grin.
"Kelsey, honey, you let us decide on the clothes, and you let the gentleman decide on the prices. That is how we do things here. Now, let's go spend some more of his money." The women looked at each other for about three seconds, and then burst into laughter again.
About fifteen minutes later, all of that time spent giggling like schoolgirls, the two women exited the dressing room again. This time, I couldn't keep a groan from escaping.
"Oh, wow! This is definitely a keeper," I exclaimed with excitement. This outfit was a pair of tiny white shorts, with the emphasis on short. As she turned around for me to see everything better, I noticed that the beginnings of her cheeks peeked out of the bottom And the top was a halter, also in white. The material was a light cotton that left plenty of cleavage in view. Kelsey adjusted it to show that the halter could be a little less daring if needed. The shoes were also sandals, but decorated in colorful little flowers.
"Okay, we will add that to the list." I stood back with a broad smile. "Next?" The women disappeared into the dressing room again.
Another fifteen minutes passed and I was suddenly aware that Kelsey was standing next to me. This outfit was simply gorgeous. It was in a shade of turquoise that accented her dark hair and dark eyes. It was short, starting at mid-thigh and hugging her beautiful figure all the way up. But there were no sides to the dress. Instead was a crisscross of turquoise lacing, causing a slit of about four inches wide all the way from the bottom hem to the shoulder. The dress was sleeveless, and this obviously showed off the fact that she wore no underwear. But the lack of underwear was made even more obvious by how clearly her hard nipples stood out. The outfit was capped off by matching sandals with a crisscross of lacing all the way up her calf. I had to pause to catch his breath.
"Honey, you look absolutely gorgeous! We have to get this dress, and I have to take you someplace so you can show it off!" I could not stop staring at this beautiful woman. I had her turn around several times so I could see her better, but that was still not enough. I felt like I would not be satisfied if I had her twirl a hundred times. I was struck once again at how lucky I was to have such a beautiful woman who was classy enough to carry off something this sexy and still look gorgeous. I felt my throat constrict and knew I could not speak for a moment. I held out his arms and she walked into them. We stood for at least half a minute without speaking. When we separated, we both had tears in our eyes. We heard Cindy sniffle behind us and turn to see her with matching tears.
"Okay, you two. That is enough or you will ruin my makeup." She tried to laugh, but it really didn't come out right. So she cleared her throat a couple of times and then she could speak. "Now for the final outfit. And, Todd, you will love this!" They turned at enter the dressing room again. But Kelsey paused and turned around and looked at me. Neither she nor I had lost our tears. She smiled and then disappeared from view.
This time it took almost half an hour. I could hear them talking quietly, but here and there a comment would be clear. I heard something about not covering her ass, and then a comment about showing too much boob. My interest increased with each comment I heard. Finally, the women exited the dressing room. And I almost passed out.
Kelsey stood before me in the tiniest bikini I had ever seen. The three triangles that made up the front of the bikini were almost not there. The top barely covered her areolae and could not disguise her prominent nipples standing out. Most of her boobs were hanging out the top, bottom, and sides, and they provided an incredible display. As she turned around, I could see that there was no back to it at all, just strings. And the string that disappeared between her ample ass cheeks kept my attention. I was immediately hard, and this time I made no attempt to hide it. I opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out. I tried again, and failed again.
"Well, if his flapping jaws aren't any indication of how much he likes it, his hard-on certainly is. Kelsey, I think we have a winner!" Cindy's words were clearly announcing something that was obvious to all. Kelsey was looking sheepishly at me, with an unasked question on her face.
"Is this okay?"
Those simple words seem to shake me out of my silence, and I responded very quickly with, "Awesome! Simply awesome! If the people who know you don't already believe you are the sexiest woman on the planet, they will as soon as they see you in this! DAMN, woman!" I couldn't come up with anything else to say, so I just stopped there. Even with sheepish eyes, Kelsey beamed with appreciation at my compliment. After another turn, she headed back into the dressing room. A few minutes later, boxes and bags preceded her as she pushed her way out of the dressing room. The expression on her face was pure excitement as she looked at me.
"Are you sure these things are not too much? I mean, you said we would go shopping, but these are really expensive." She was clearly concerned at the amount of money I was about to spend on her.
"Do you know how much all of this is going to cost?" My gentle question elicited a look of even greater concern, and then an expression that could only be described as dread. Her face went pink in embarrassment, and I loved her heart even more.
"Look, we can put some of these things back, if you want. I know I went a little overboard in my selections. Don't worry at all - I will put some back. Which outfit do you want me to keep?" Kelsey was clearly embarrassed that she had selected so many expensive things without even asking if I wanted to pay for all of them, and her words almost tumbled out of her mouth. Then she looked at the floor and paused without saying anything more.
"You don't know what all these things cost, right?" I looked at Kelsey and waited for her to respond. She just shook her head no but said nothing. "Well, if you don't know how much everything costs, and if I didn't ask how much everything cost, then the logical conclusion is that the cost is not important. Right?" I waited for her to look up, and I stepped closer to her, close enough to kiss her softly on the lips.
"Why have the most beautiful diamond in the store and then settle for a cheap setting? I am going to love showing off the most beautiful woman I know. If that is okay with you..." Again, I waited for her response. In the silence, her expression went from concern over the cost, to embarrassment over her childish desires for nice things, to curiosity about the costs, to absolute joy over my response.
"Oh, Todd!" She stood there with tears in her eyes, but still beaming at the world.
"And that, I believe, settles that." Cindy spoke for the first time in several minutes, showing her experience and professionalism in what could have been a delicate situation.
"Why don't you carry those things to the front of the store and put them down while Todd and I take care of his part in all this." Cindy smiled a very wide smile and took my hand to lead me over to the cash register counter. Kelsey looked at me one more time, her smile even wider than Cindy's smile, and then walked away toward the front of the store.
With the price tags in her hand, Cindy laid out the jewelry she and Kelsey had selected. "We thought these things went quite well with her outfits. See anything you don't like?" I looked over the earrings and necklaces they had selected, but said nothing. As Cindy rang up the list of prices, she had to comment. "You know, don't you, that you have a very special woman there. And she loves you very much. You are so fortunate." She handed me the total, and I gave her his American Express Platinum card to cover it all.
"I think I am quite aware of how special she is, but I am not sure that she knows. I only hope that I can convince her of that in the next few days and weeks. And, yes, I feel very blessed." The sincerity in his voice and on my face satisfied Cindy, and she smiled broadly. "I think you will be very pleased with your purchases, Todd. She is going to look awesome tonight. Those outfits suit her and her figure wonderfully, and she will feel very sexy wearing them for you." She smiled again, in a knowing manner. "I know that my husband is going to absolutely love seeing her in that dress tonight."
"Are you and your husband going to join us?" I could not help but take a moment and wonder what she was going to wear.
"We will be there at 5pm sharp. And since you have been to several of these events, you know how much you are going to love it, too." This time, there was mischief in her eyes as she smiled.
"Definitely! Tonight more than any other time!" I felt myself getting hard again just thinking about the women and what they were going to be wearing.
With that thought, I headed for Kelsey and the front door, almost whistling in anticipation.
It was almost funny, the effort involved in carrying everything out the front door and down the sidewalk toward the House. The two of us dropped a couple of things as we tried to distribute the boxes and bags from our shopping trip. When we almost stumbled through the door of the Yarrow House, we saw Mrs. Yarrow fussing with a flower arrangement on the front table. She recognized the label on the bags and had to comment.
"I think tonight might be the most memorable cocktail hour in our history." She gave me a knowing smile, and then gave Kelsey a very warm smile. "Did you get some nice things, Kelsey?"
"Oh, thank you so much for recommending that shop. It was incredible. And Todd spent way too much money and bought me some really naughty things to wear." She was bubbling over as she tried to describe some of the things we had just purchased.
"Well, I am sure all the guests will really appreciate what is in those packages. At least the men will, and I am pretty sure that more than one of the women there will, too. I know I am looking forward to seeing you in your outfits over the next few days. I am glad you had so much fun shopping there." Her smile hovered somewhere between joy and lust, causing me to wonder just what might happen tonight.
"Well, let's get these things upstairs to our room, and get ready. We only have an hour before drinks are served." And I did my own grinning at the thought.
As they entered their room, I kicked the door closed behind me and dropped the packages on the floor. Walking up three fights of stairs with a hard-on had become quite uncomfortable, and I finally had the opportunity to adjust my cock.
"Oh, you poor man. I'll bet you have been turned on for the entire shopping trip, haven't you? Do you need a little relief before we go back downstairs?" I was surprised at the offer, but one look in her eyes revealed that Kelsey was just as turned on as I was.
"Well, if you wouldn't mind..." I was interrupted by Kelsey shoving me against the bed. My knees gave out and I collapsed on the mattress. Before I could stop bouncing on the soft springs, Kelsey was almost tearing off my pants.
"Trying on those outfits and watching you get hard with each one has made me so horny. I have been wanting your cock in my mouth for more than an hour. And I really need it now." She pulled my pants down to my knees and grabbed my cock. I groaned as her mouth engulfed my entire length in one gulp. In seconds, she was in a rhythm that was going to result in me busting my load in minutes.
"Honey, we don't have much time before we need to be downstairs." Kelsey pulled off my dick long enough to comment.
"This won't take a minute. Well, maybe two minutes." She grinned and went back to sucking me deep into her throat.
And she was right. I was so turned on from the afternoon shopping trip that in less than three minutes I was pumping stream after stream of cream down her throat. After letting me grow soft in her mouth, she pulled off me and grinned.
"That should last me until supper," she announced to no one in particular, as she stood and headed for the bathroom. "Now I have to take a quick shower and get ready. Honey, would you please open the packages and lay out the black dress for me?"
[Look for Chapter 9 coming soon...]