My second wife was Dutch, we were sexually active from our first date and the sex remained good until long after our eventual divorce. Bow, shaped lips with an agile tongue, firm tits, a tight pussy and an accommodating arse. What more could a man wish for?
We'd been married nearly a year before the chance arose to visit my family in Scotland and were having a great time, although our sex life was somewhat impaired as house walls there are not the thickest. Fortunately we were in a fairly large camper so we were able to have a good fuck at least three times a day. Great because we were permanently horny.
It was beautiful weather, end of August, and I was showing her some of the favourite places from my youth. One of them was on the Nith, near Auldgirth, just North of Dumfries. There was a well hidden path leading down to the river, which was shallow on this side and dotted with a number of large boulders left behind after the last Ice Age. Many of these were flat topped and made an excellent sunbed. Warmed by the sun they were also ideal for other things. In fact I'd taken my first girl friend's virginity on one of them - not that I would tell my wife.
Ad wore a light summer dress, almost transparent when the sun was behind her, and a pair of cotton knickers, not out of any sense of decency, but more to stop my sperm dribbling out of her pussy and down her legs. She shrugged her dress off and lay back on the rock, her legs slightly parted and a wet patch prominent on her panty crotch. With my hands on her knees I spread her legs wider and bent to smell the heady aroma of her well fucked cunt. As I did I felt myself stirring. It was going to be a great day, not even lunch time and we were heading for our third fuck of the day. Gently I pulled her pants aside. Her beautiful cunt almost glistened in the sun, her inner lips gorged with blood and her clitoris out of its hood and standing like a small, erect cock. Her cunt was open and I bent to kiss it and lick her delicious cream and the last of my last sperm deposit from it. She moaned as my tongue then swept round and over her clit then back between her lips to her little arse rose bud. That also tasted delicious, an earthy salt mixture. Not surprising as I'd fucked her in the arse about an hour earlier.
I started to kiss and lick her inner thighs and looked up to see she was playing with her tits, tugging and twisting at her engorged nipples. As I started to kiss and lick her inner lips I was greeted by a fresh flood of her cream. As i tongued and licked her clit, sometimes pulling it between my teeth, I kept her in suspense smearing her juices not only around her cunt, but also round and into her beautiful arsehole. I stood, spreading her legs wide, and ran my knob along between her lips to lubricate it then pressed down, feeling her open for me. All the way in I felt the mouth of her womb open for me. We lay like this for a few seconds then I slowly started to withdraw. I looked down, my prick shining with her juice as were her spread lips and her gaping cunt. I moved slightly and plunged down hard into her arsehole. It felt good and with the sperm from our earlier fuck as lube I slipped all the way in. Adrie groaned in pleasure and I had the best view in the house as she started to finger fuck herself rapidly, squeezing and pressing on her G-spot. Her second hand on her tits and she started to tug and twist at her clit. Her eyes rolled back as she came, hard. It lasted only a few seconds before I came, for the second time that day, deep in her arse.
We lay there for a minute or so, kissing and fondling each other and I promised she'd get the next load deep in her greedy cunt.
I stood and was surprised to hear a round of applause from the opposite bank. How was I to know the local fishing club was having its annual competition? A number of them had cameras and were now being treated to a gorgeous view of Adrie's freshly fucked arse. She spread her legs wide and pressed hard and the onlookers were rewarded as my sperm slowly dribbled out. I noticed that about half the men opposite now had their hands in their trousers. I hope they saved some for their wives later.