Patty's Eyes–Part 3: A day of experimentation and sharing
Everyone having sex is at least 18. This is fiction and a continuation of the story "Patty's Eyes". Warning: this is a self-edited long story with women exploring their sexuality in a variety of ways. Volunteers for story suggestions, editing, and/or grammar desired.
Chapter 9 – A Day of Submission
I make French toast today. Not something I do often it's something different. Doesn't take long for everyone to smell it and come running for breakfast. Some fresh fruit and juice and breakfast is ready. We chat like every other day, nothing special. My guess is they just like to hear someone talking, it really doesn't matter what they say, I keep that thought to myself. I do the dishes and then it's off to the living room where they are waiting for me. Several pieces of rope are waiting on the center coffee table.
Patty with a cheery smile asks, "How do we become submissive?"
I say honestly, "Keep in mind I am far from an expert on this. It would seem like there are levels of submission. Since I have no clue about this stuff let's call level 1 more of a theory level. No restraints, no abuse, just the inability to say 'no' although you get a safe word to overrule what you don't like. You have the complete ability to override me. You call me Master and if you screw up, I make you do something you don't like. It will be more embarrassing than painful, although some pain will be involved, like spanking.
"Level 2 is about restraints. You get tied up, your master decides more for you. Punishments are more severe and painful. You have far less control. A safe wood might get ignored."
I continue, "Level 3 is the extreme. I have complete control over your mind and body. Punishment is more extreme. You become a piece of property that can be traded. You have no say in anything. I can do anything that comes to my mind and you will love it. This is the ultimate in humiliation and pain. If you need this level of humiliation, I can't give you what you need. I understand some guys get off on the control part of things, I don't."
Patty questions, "If I do Level 2, would my safe word always work with you?"
I answer, "All three of you need to know that this type of lifestyle does not come easily to me. I am willing to learn if you want. This is not something I need unless it makes you happy. So yes, with me, a safe word is always safe no matter what. You three are more precious than anything I own. Your well-being, both physically and emotionally, means more to me than my own life."
Janet is relieved, "Well, that makes me feel a lot better. I will try level 2."
Patty agrees, "I agree, I want to try 2. I think level 3 is way beyond my desires."
Jackie agrees, "Well, guess I am in for a 2 as well. I don't want to miss out on the fun."
I take a commanding and aggressive stance, "First the ground rules. One, you can quit at any time. Two, your safe word is the color 'red'. You say 'red', and you stop immediately, and we don't continue that event for you. Three, you will refer to me as Master and you will thank me for everything you get from me. Four, failure to follow rule three will earn you a punishment.
"Five, failure to follow my directions will result in spankings or some other type of punishment. Six, if you enjoy the punishment, ask for more. From what little I know; some women get so turned on, they describe it as a jolt of electricity that runs to their cunt. Any questions?"
Jackie worries, "Will you punch us for punishment?"
I look her straight in the eyes, "Never."
Janet is inquisitive, "Will it be just spankings?"
I think for a second, "No. Slapping of breasts, nipples, pussy lips, and inner thighs could all come into play. It depends on how far you push me."
Patty is eager, "What do you plan to do to us today?"
I am brimming with confidence, "We are going to start with some binding of the arms. Then I have some tests for you, failure or losing will require punishment."
Patty is suspicious, "And then?"
I answer with a grin, "I can't tell all my secrets, anticipation is half the game."
Janet questions me, "Will we be humiliated by what will happen today?"
I think then answer, "Quite possibly."
I gave them time to think.
I ask, "Any more questions? Ok, we are going to start by restraining you. You will put your arms at your side and Patty and I will tie you two up then I will do Patty. We start with a standard box-tie. You end up with your arms going down your side to the elbows then the arms bend towards each other behind your back. Your hands can touch the opposite elbow. This is a very comfortable position that you can hold all day if needed. Before we do anything, I have the sunscreen."
Janet is excited and happy, "Can you give me a large dab of sunscreen?"
I turn Janet around, bent her over, then gave her two hard swats on the ass. She shrieks.
I instruct her, "May I have sunscreen ... MASTER."
Janet giggles, "Master, may I have a large dab of sunscreen please?"
I give her a large glob of sunscreen.
Patty asks Janet, "What was it like?"
I ask, "Did master ask you a question?"
I turn Patty around and bend her over, then two hard swats on the ass.
Patty is annoyed at the pain but is now more excited, "Thank you, Master. Master, may I have some sunscreen please?"
I give her some sunscreen.
Jackie seductively asks, "Master, may I have a large dab of sunscreen please?"
I give her some sunscreen.
I instruct, "Make sure you get all your body parts, or they will become my target for spankings."
They cover themselves well. I tie up Janet and Patty ties up Jackie. It doesn't take very long. I then tie up Patty. They all seem surprisingly happy.
I command, "I want all of you on the edge of the living room floor facing the ocean. Master does not like women that lose. When I say go, you are going to run down to the beach, get both feet wet, and then come back here without being last. Do you understand?"
I got three "YES".
One by one I turned them around, bent them over, and spank each cheek once.
I explain, "Nobody said, Master!"
I wait a minute.
I yell, "GO!"
It's hard to run without your arms so they are all awkward. Patty is the fastest, but she fell and came in last place. She turns around and bends over. Three hard spanks on each cheek. Not one peep out of her.
I command, "Let's move into the sand over here. This one is easy. I see you all standing on two feet. Lift one. First one to put that foot down loses."
The first few minutes are easy but then they start to wobble. They shift their feet, hop, and eventually, Janet sets a foot down. She turns around and bends over. Three hard swats on each cheek.
Janet smiles, "Thank you, Master."
I tease, "Jackie, you are doing really good. Would you like something special?"
Jackie with a smile on her face, "Sure!"
Then she realizes her mistake and the smile goes away. She turns around and bends over. She gets three hard swats on each cheek.
I command, "Follow me."
I walk out into the ocean, about waist deep.
I ask Patty, "Does that feel good?"
Patty is unsure but replies, "It sure does?"
Then she realized her mistake.
Patty is quick to suggest, "Master, can I get my tits slapped instead of my ass?"
That startles me, "Sure baby."
I didn't hold back, I slap each tit three times hard. It's weird hitting something with such force and then it doesn't respond like you would think, it absorbs part of the strike and then moves. It's kind of a delayed action.
Patty is excited, "Thank you, Master."
Jackie starts to wander out deeper.
In a concerned tone, "Jackie, come back honey. That's too deep, it's not safe. You can't swim without your arms."
She realizes her mistake, came back to me and gives me a nice kiss.
She seductively says, "Thank you, Master, for caring for your worthless slut. I need to be punished for being so careless. Would you spank my pussy five times?"
Most unexpected. I pull Jackie to shallow water, make her spread her legs, and give her five good slaps to her pussy, one hitting her clit. She falls to her knees crying but I swear she had an orgasm.
Jackie is amazed, "Did you just orgasm?"
Janet nods yes to the orgasm. Unbelievable.
I turn Jackie around, bend her over, five hard spanks to each cheek.
I explain, "You did not ask permission to talk to Jackie."
I command, "We are going inside, you will sit down in a chair by the table. No talking. I am going to make smoothies for lunch, you will drink them, and then soon our guests will arrive."
I make enough smoothies for all of us. I drink first, taking my time. They are all watching me intently. I then give each a smoothie and a straw. They bend down to drink. They look like those stork toys that drink water and then swing back and forth. I found it very comical, I was smiling. Soon Patty is smiling. Then Jackie is smiling. I cross my eyes, Patty about loses it. Jackie closes her eyes but made funny faces.
Patty is annoyed, "Jackie, stop it!"
I stand up, pull Patty to her feet, had her face away from me but spread her legs. Two swats to her inner right thigh, two to the inner left thigh, and then two hard to her slit which forced her eyes to almost pop out of her head.
After lunch, we go down to the beach and sit in front of the dock.
I explain, "It's not safe to be on the docks for you. Therefore, you will wait here. I want you to kneel in the sand, sit back on your heels, and spread your knees wide so I can see your pussies. Arch your back so you display your awesome tits for our guests."
They follow my instructions. Now we wait. We wait about 45 minutes before I hear an airplane engine.
I request, "Close your eyes, please. Don't open them until I tell you. It will make this more interesting."
I walked to each, bend down, and stick two fingers into their twat. Each is very wet. If they weren't, they would have been done and told to get dressed. Their all enjoying this, I am happy.
I go out to the dock and wait for them to throw me a line. Their all naked. The pilot and his buddy have medical papers saying they have been tested for STD's and have none. No condoms needed after all. The pilot is a tall lean American with a very dark tan. He is probably in his 30's and a good-looking guy.
His cousin is 21 and small, only about 5'6" but a muscular kid. He lets the pilot do all the talking but they both have hard dicks. No doubt ready for the fun I have planned. The third guy is a bit more familiar, Uncle Don.
I hug him, "You sure you are ready for this?"
Uncle Don is blushing, "Jack, since well before my wife died I was ready for this."
I walk them over to the three women.
I command the women, "Keep your eyes shut. Three strangers are looking at your bodies right now. They know RED is your safe word. For now, they are just going to touch your bodies. Guys, you may touch their breasts, tweak their nipples, and run fingers in their cunts. Their worthless slaves, they need to be used. Use them."
The pilot takes Patty. Uncle Don takes Janice. The cousin or Junior as I call him takes Janet. They each got behind and go for the tits first. They are gentle and cause several moans.
I say, "Switch."
The pilot goes to Janice, Uncle Don takes Janet, and Junior takes Patty. They now stick three fingers in their cunts and start sloshing them around. I instruct them to move their hands as fast as possible. The girls moan as the pleasure is building. They were horny before but having someone finger fucking you is a ton of fun.
I say "Switch."
Now the pilot has Janet, Uncle Don has Patty, and Junior has Jackie. They are on their feet.
I am firm with my command, "Ladies, open your mouths. The last one to get cum from the blowjob gets punished, start now."
The guys insert their dicks into the mouths in front of them. The girls are really working the dicks.
I surprise them, "Open your eyes."
Patty almost choked on Uncle Don when she saw his face. They worked those cocks furiously. Uncle Don blew first and gave Patty quite the load. I allow Uncle Don to untie her. Patty looks at me and I nod it is ok. She has a huge smile of relief and mischief on her face.
Patty is thankful, "Thank you, Master."
Jackie is next to get a load and release.
Janet finally gets her load and Junior apologizes for taking so long.
I point at the pilot and Junior, commanding them, "You two, unload the plane, we want that food refrigerated. Jackie and Patty, you will each give Janet five spankings and then you will untie her. Then Janet and Patty will give Janice five spanking each for not thanking Master for releasing her. If either of you goes easy, you will earn 20 from me."
Janet faces away, bends over, and they each gave her five good ones. They untie her. Then Patty and Janet gave Jackie five good spanks each.
I say in a relaxed voice, "Ok, we are taking a break from the game, you may speak freely for a bit. How did you feel about spanking each other?"
Patty is excited and thrilled, "That is wild. The feel of power, control, and then the sting on the hand. It is intense."
Janice too is thrilled, "We need to do more of that. Not every day, but need to get it into our routine."
Janet is delighted, "I felt the jots of electricity, I agree, not too often but I like it. I like it a lot."
My commanding voice again, "Ok, back to the game my three submissive fuck toys. Follow me."
We walk into the living room and I sit them down in the same submissive position as the beach. Then I get the bottle of lube. When I return I get three sets of gigantic eyes on me. I sit down in a puffy chair and wait for the offloading to finish.
I am now quite happy to reveal, "Patty, you and Uncle Don had done a lot of planning and you were prepared for a lot. However, Uncle Don can't keep a secret so we made our own plans. None of this was by chance ... so far."
She stares daggers at me.
I continue happily, "On the plus side you get to tick a few things off your sexual bucket list. We will do a few more. Remember, if there is anything you don't want to do, use the safe word. There is no penalty for using the safe word."
Uncle Don sits in a chair staring at the women, not saying a thing but his cock said it all for him. The pilot and Junior finish and sit with us. They know what's coming.
I ask, "Patty, pick a number from 1 to 3."
Patty, "3."
I look at Jackie, she says, "1."
I fill in, "Janet, that means you are 2. We are going to start with triple P's."
I get three blank stares, they have no clue.
I explain with a clear voice, "Triple penetration. One of the wildest things you will experience and something I just can't physically give you myself. Jackie, I will allow you to pick from Don, the pilot, or Junior, to be in your ass."
Jackie hesitates, then answers, "Junior," he has the smallest dick.
I then ask, "Who do you want in your cunt?"
She quickly answers, "Uncle Don."
I announce, "Ok, Uncle Don, lay down on the ground. Jackie, use all the lube you want wherever you want it."
She lubes Junior's rock-hard cock and her brown eye well.
I explain, "Jackie, I want you in cowgirl on that cock."
She got down and pushes Uncle Done into her. She then pulls out and falls down a few times just for fun. Uncle Don likes that a lot. Uncle Don pulls her down onto him and plays with her tits. Junior needs no prompting, he gets down and slowly stick his cock in her ass. He gives it a few strokes and stops. The pilot steps over Jackie and bends his knees so she can suck his cock.
I command, "You three will use Jackie until one of you cum in her. Jackie can orgasm all she wants but the first to spew ends it. The one that spews will also miss the next round and I will take your place. If she says RED, everyone stops immediately or you will be kicked off the island. I am VERY serious about that."
I yell, "GO!"
Immediately, Junior starts a slow fucking of her ass, Don goes to town on her cunt, and the pilot is receiving one hell of a blow job. Immediately Jackie is breathing hard, grunting, yet still sucking cock like a master cock sucker. Too bad for the pilot, he is going to lose. She screams out at her first orgasm and then soon after it, her second. As time goes on the pilot is contorting his body, he is trying exceedingly hard to not cum but in the end, he is first to blow his load, thus ending the fun for all.
I yell, "STOP!"
The pilot pulls back, junior pulls out, Jackie falls to the side, orgasms running through her. I wait to make sure she is ok. I get down on the floor and hold her. She clung to me for dear life although very happy.
Jackie is still breathing hard, "Thank ... you ... Master."
After she recovers, I instruct her, "Ok, back to your submissive position or you will be punished."
It took a while, but with effort, she gets up and manages to get back to her position.
I ask, "Janet, between me and Uncle Don, who do you want up your ass? Junior had ass already, so he can't this time."
Janet quickly answers, "Uncle Don."
I ask again, "Between me and junior, who do you want in your cunt?"
Janet is beaming, "I want my master filling my cunt."
I assume the position on the floor.
In a commanding voice, "Janet, cowgirl after you lube."
Janet lubes Uncle Don well. Then she descends onto my cock and rolls into my arms. I put my hands on her wonderful breasts. Uncle Don then gets down and slowly slides into her ass hole. Junior get the mouth and is in for a wild ride. Janet is very good and loves sucking cock.
Once junior is in position, I yell, "Go!"
I start slamming into Janet, I want her to enjoy this. I have no fear of spewing first with junior in Janet's mouth. I have been there many times, I hope she slows down so it will last. Janet has her first orgasm almost immediately. She is grunting for breath. Her pussy is like a river, she wants this badly. Junior holds out for over five minutes. I am impressed. Janet has three more orgasms which helped Junior a lot. You can't suck cock when orgasming.
In the end, his desire was great but her cock sucking skills are better. He lets out a loud grunt letting us all know who lost. Janet takes every drop before collapsing onto her side and grasps for me with her arms. Her eyes glaze over, and I can still feel the orgasms running through her body. It is very cool holding her and feeling the orgasms shudder through her body.
When she finally settles down and catches her breath, she whispers in my ear, "Thank you, Master."
She then gets up and stumbles back into her position. I notice that both she and Jackie have their own cum running down their legs.
I ask Patty, "Ok Patty, your next. Since you are an anal virgin, you get to pick who you want up your ass."
Patty never hesitates, "Jack, I want you up my ass, Uncle Don in my cunt, and the pilot in my mouth."
I command, "We are going to mix this up a bit, the first person to spew cum will be replaced by Junior. The second one to spew will end this."
Patty is tight, I explain about relaxing and pushing out to help ease the pain. I explain that it will hurt but the more she does it the better it gets.
Patty is giddy with excitement, "Yes Master. Give it to me good Master."
It is hard getting going, she doesn't relax.
I suggest, "Uncle Don, play with her nipples and let's give her a cock to suck on, I want to distract her."
They do their part and distract her so that I get my huge cock into her. She shrieks as I push in, I slow down.
I command all, "Ok, GO."
I don't ream her hard, I use nice easy and gentle strokes. I appreciate that she took the biggest cock so I could have her anal virginity. That is sweet of her but now she is paying the price as I am sliding in and out of her. Unlike the other girls, she doesn't orgasm right away, but she is eagerly eating cock and pumping herself into me and Uncle Don.
Patty is far more aggressive and engaged with us. Well, she was until she had her first orgasm. Then she became a puddle. She pretty much couldn't eat cock anymore so the pilot just started using her face as a fuck toy. When she recovered, she began sucking his cock again. Don and I work it out so that as he is pulling out, I am pushing in then when I pull out he is pushing it up until he shot his load into her cunt. Uncle Don pulled out and Junior pushes in.
Junior starts a fast fuck of her cunt, so I speed up on her ass. I want to fill her bowels. Patty isn't as orally talented as her moms are so between that and the pilot already shooting a load, he is doing ok. Junior has shot a load, he is going fast, I pump into her hard and fast as well. She orgasms again. That disoriented Junior, I keep slamming into Patty, my beautiful daughter that I am sharing with an uncle and two strangers. What kind of dad does that?
That did it for me, I shoot seven ropes of cum into my baby, my Patty. I paint her rectum and leave a puddle in there.
I scream, "Stop!"
I fall back, the pilot pulls away, and Junior pushes Patty back into my arms where she curls up. She is exhausted and full of sweat.
I suggest to everyone, "I think we all need a break. Uncle Don, you supervise these two in making dinner, their staying. We are having the fresh fish they brought with them. You figure the rest out."
I pick up Patty, "We are done with the submissive stuff. More fun to come but I don't think we need that anymore. Let's go relax in the ocean."
Janet and Jackie follow me into the ocean, staying just behind me or to the side.
Patty wakes up as the water hit her, "Thank you, Master, that was amazing." The experience has worn her out.
I explain, "We are done being submissive, your welcome."
Janet is full of energy, "Jack, what is the kinkiest thing you have ever done?"
I am honest, "Janet, before you and Jackie, I was a nobody. I was a good mechanic and I had girlfriends. But never had anyone nearly as gorgeous as you two. Both of you are the best thing that has ever happened to me. My top 10 things to ever happen to me have all been on this island and your home."
Jackie looks worried, "How do you feel about us being with others?"
I am honest, "I got to admit, it's not easy. I do have a bit of jealousy inside me. I am doing this because we will probably never get a chance to do it again. I can't give you this, I didn't want to deny you this experience. You have filled every desire I have ever had, no matter what, I vowed to let you all have some fun." I smile. "When it's done, I will kill them."
It is surprisingly easy to keep a straight face. Part of me really did want to kill them. I never did mention that.
Patty teased me, "They are flying us home and not much food here so how about you don't kill them, ok?"
I grumbled, "Ok."
Jackie questions, "Patty, do you still have Jacks cum in you?"
Patty is giggling, "Yes, I like the feeling of it swishing around in there."
Jackie instructs her, "Come with me."
Jackie put Patty on her hands and knees.
Jackie surprises me, "I want his cum, push it out."
Patty is amazed, "MOM!"
Jackie is not to be denied my cum, she commands her daughter, "Do it!"
Patty gives a few pushes, my cum came out in blobs, running down her pussy lips. Jackie gets into position and laps up my cum.
Janet is stunned, "That is so fucking gross and hot at the same time. Let me taste."
Jackie moved over, and Janet takes up the position and gets the rest of my load.
Janet complains, "It's better straight from the source but being that is partly Patty that is awesome."
When they finish, Patty asks, "So, what are we doing after dinner?"
I explain the options, "Well, we could do a standard orgy, pick a partner and have fun. We could do machine gun fucking. You three line up, asses out, legs spread. We each take a cunt, fuck it ten times, then move to the right and ten more. When you run out of cunts you go back to the beginning. We could let the two of them fuck each of you to orgasm. We could do a typewriter, ten in the cunt (lowercase), ten in the ass (uppercase), move to next. It's like a machine gun. You can take turns being a fuck toy. One plays the toy and everyone else does what they can to you for 30 minutes. That would be four guys and two women."
I ask, "Is there anything you want to do while we have two extra guys? Uncle Don is staying so that you will get more male attention. But is there something weird you want to try?"
The girls think for a while.
Patty suggests, "I kind of like the machine gun. I like the idea of the fuck toy, but I don't know if I could take it. I am already getting worn raw."
Janet is adamant, "Typewriter."
Janice agrees, "Typewriter and Patty will do it too, it will help her get broken in."
I sniff the air, "I smell dinner, let's go check up on those guys and see if we can eat."
Patty is tired but happy, "Daddy, the ocean really helped. That was a smart idea. I feel much better now."
Janet lovingly added, "Thank you for looking after Patty and us. I really do appreciate all that you have done for us this trip."
Jackie gave me a deep passionate kiss as thanks. We have a nice dinner, Junior is a chef and he made a marvelous dinner for us. Easily better than anything I can do. Janet, Jackie, and Don do the dishes and then we all sit for a bit drinking Manhattans.
Chapter 10 – More Experimenting
Everyone is ready, they are waiting for me.
I announce, "We are going to do a typewriter line. Each girl will bend over holding a stool and spread her legs wide. The head of a typewriter has two letters on it, a lowercase letter and an uppercase letter. Each woman has two holes. An upper ass hole, and a lower pussy hole. You will lube up well before we start and refresh with each return. Uncle Don will take the first woman, pilot the second, and Junior takes the third.
"You will fuck them ten times in the ass, then ten times in their pussy. You will then move to the girl to the right and repeat. If there is no woman to the right get more lube and return to the front of the line and wait for her to become available. We continue until each of us has shot a load once. If you go soft get out of line and wait until your hard again and then get back in line."
I ask everyone, "Any questions?"
Uncle Don chuckles, "Holy fuck are these two guys lucky or what?"
They still have not spoken, probably afraid to ruin their good luck. All three girls lube their ass holes including sticking fingers in to make sure it's all over. Patty lays her stomach on the stool and spreads her legs wide. Janet and Jackie do the same thing on other stools.
I announce the order, "Junior, you get Patty, Don, you get Janet, the pilot gets Jackie and I will wait for Junior to finish." I pause a few seconds, "Stick your dicks in the top hole and hold."
When all three are in I yell, "GO!"
They all start slow, I guess sensing their butt holes could not take a quick fucking. They are in sequence as if they are all trying to go in and out at the same time, it is cool to watch. At ten they switch to the lower hole and are much faster. Immediately all three women are moaning and breathing hard.
They hit ten and the pilot goes for lube, I push into Patty, Junior gets Janet, and Don gets Jackie. Again, we were all much slower in the top hole. I notice Patty is taking it much easier than earlier today. I wonder how much she is enjoying this?
As I was wondering, Patty orgasms. I have my answer. She stays limp on the stool and I continue to pound away. At ten we pull out and move to the lower hole and again, that goes much quicker. Janet and Jackie orgasm during this ten and like Patty, just lay spent on the stools. Seems that was a really good idea.
Ten done so time to move on, I have Jackie now. Ten slow strokes in the ass. I reach forward and run my magic fingers softly down her back. That made her giggle and moan. All three are breathing heavy again. Now ten more in the lower hole. Again, this ten goes much faster. After I finish my ten I grab a dab of lube as I am running a bit dry.
Jackie is moaning but manages to say, "Thank ... you ... Jack."
I announce a new rule, "Ok guys, use a dab of lube before Jackie, it's being used up before we get to her."
Uncle Don is having the time of his life, "Right-e-o Jack."
After my ten on top, I get my ten in the bottom. The pilot is the first to blow, Patty gets a creampie. This could get messy. The pilot pulls out of line, Junior takes his place. After a few more sets of ten, the pilot is hard again but now Uncle Don blows his load up in Janet's ass. Don gets out of line and waits to get hard again. With him out we are now constant fucking one hole or the other. We go several more sets of holes, I lose count and I spew seven spurts of cum into Janet's pussy.
Each of the girls has easily had three orgasms, their getting tired. I stand out of line, most likely done. The line is moving quickly and after three more sets of holes, Junior finally shoots his load in Patty's ass. The girls are exhausted.
I pick up Patty and walk into the ocean. Don gets Janet and the pilot takes Jackie. Junior follows us into the ocean.
Uncle Don is tingling with excitement, "This sure feels awesome after all that sex. Just what the doctor ordered."
The pilot and junior still have not said anything.
The pilot looks at the sky and says sadly, "It's going to be dark soon, we have to go. There are a few bottles of Champaign for you all in the fridge as a thank you for sharing your women with us. This has easily been the best day of my life. You will also find some desserts in the fridge for the week on us."
The pilot and Junior both shake my hand, Uncle Don's hand, and give each of the women a hug and a kiss on the cheek and then leave via their plane.
I ask everyone, "Stay out here or go to the living room and sit down?"
Patty is exhausted, "I need to lay down on the sofa and have a glass of Champaign. Daddy, your serving."
All three women get up at one time and walk towards the house and the living room after stops in the washroom.
Chapter 10 – Who's Your Mommy?
Janet curls up with Uncle Don on one couch and Patty and Jackie are on the other with a spot in the middle. I give everyone a glass filled with Champaign.
I announce the toast, "To a fun day of sex, submission, and discovery."
We clink glasses and drink.
My first question, "What did you think of submission?"
Jackie smiles playfully, "It was painful!"
Patty smiles, "I will second that."
Janet is excited, "I did feel the spanks hit my pussy. After a while, I didn't feel the pain as much as I did the jolts. It was interesting."
Patty is quick to respond, "Oh yeah, that was different."
Jackie is a matter of fact, "I too felt it, but I get better feelings from other stuff. That's not something I would want to do again. I am glad I tried it though. Other than the spankings, I kind of got off on being tied up and being told what to do. Maybe level 2 is too much for me."
Janet agrees with her sister, "You said it perfectly, I too am glad but yes, I think level 1 would be way more fun. Because of that, I am glad we tried it, I learned something that I didn't know about myself."
Patty again quickly adds joyfully, "I actually enjoyed it a ton, I am surprised. However, not enough to do it often. I think I agree, level 1 might be more fun. The being helpless was the best, the pain just didn't do much for me. I would do level 2 again but no way would I ever go 3."
I inquire, "So how did you feel being naked, tied up, eyes shut, and knowing two strangers were able to see and touch your naked bodies?"
An obviously energized Patty says, "I was extremely turned on, I was like a faucet. I was glad you were there but damn, I had goosebumps. Having a stranger put his cock in my mouth was just awesome. I almost orgasmed at that moment."
Jackie quickly agrees, "Oh yes, that was super-hot. I had a mini orgasm the whole time I was in the submissive position. The cock wasn't great, but it was fun."
Janet is excited as well, "I have to agree, I was on the verge of an orgasm. It was embarrassing and hot. I must have been beet red yet I had juices running down my leg."
Already knowing the answer, I still inquire, "I am guessing triple penetration was ok?"
Jackie shrieks with excitement, "That was spectacular. Seeing a guy stick his cock in your face and smile while you can feel a cock up your ass and up through your pussy with just a membrane separation is an amazing experience. Having said that, I will never do it again."
I am shocked and confused, "What, what not?"
Jackie turns shy, "Because of you Jack. I love you too much. I know you did this for us and it was awesome. I just don't want you to ever feel like you need to share me again. I am plenty happy with you. I got my one time, I am good."
Janet is adamant, "Again, I am going to agree with Jackie. I am sitting here thinking about my feelings. What you described is exactly how I feel."
I emphasize my feelings, "You know that I don't want to hold you back from experiencing amazing things, right?"
An understanding Janet answered, "I hear what you're saying but I don't need it that bad that I have even a tiny chance of hurting your feelings. If you are willing to set aside your feelings so I can feel good, then I can set aside my enjoyment so you don't have to set your feelings aside. You really do mean that much to me, to us. Deal with it."
Patty looked dreamy, "I think it was amazing, the feelings and sensations were out of this world. This sounded like an amazing thing and it was. However, I enjoyed the night before more when you took your time and we had sex for over two hours. The emotions were far stronger. It was almost a spiritual experience. Even though I could do that every weekend, I have had better."
I had to hug her hard after that. I poured more drinks.
Back to the interrogation, "Ok, finally, what do you think about the typewriter?"
A confused Patty asks, "First a question, what is a typewriter?"
Uncle Don chuckles, "Jack, take her out back and shoot her, please. She just made me feel 80 years old."
Patty shifts the conversation back on track, "The typewriter is good sex. There is a ton of penetration, a variety of penetration because of the different men, and almost non-stop enjoyment. I orgasmed several times. I would skip that next time.
"Without seeing the action, without seeing the man enjoy himself, it was just sex. Meaningless, although enjoyable, sex. There was zero emotional satisfaction. It wasn't like triple penetration where we sit and watch for a while. So, from that perspective, it was good."
I state, "If there is ever a next time, we do it on the floor and you are on your back. I guess I didn't think that one out too good. Although then you don't get the different angles. Hmm."
Patty is thoughtful for a moment, "It was an excellent lesson for me. Sex just to have sex can be fun but it doesn't compare to making love, that is out of this world. I think I will avoid casual sex unless I have a need. Doing anything with a lover will always be better."
A proud Jackie beams, "I am glad you learned that lesson. I didn't and in college, I got tired of men using me for pleasure. It wasn't until Jack came along that I really started to enjoy sex again and only now do I understand why."
An equally proud Janet agrees, "I agree, it was a cheap thrill. Very lacking emotionally. That was an event for men, so they can get their rocks off. With Jack in the line, it made it ok because I knew he was enjoying it but I couldn't see it so no fun. Had Jack not been in line, I probably would have used my safe word."
Jackie is shocked at the discoveries, "It's amazing how similar we are. I could not agree more with you. Being on the end, the third guy was a bit rough, I am glad Jack was thinking of me and put the dab of lube on, otherwise, I would be raw and in pain right now.
"Jack, I want to thank you for letting us experience these new things. I want to thank you for allowing Patty to join us and experience many new things. I want to thank you for watching our backs. Several times you mentioned safety and I appreciate you caring so much. I certainly would not have tried most of the stuff we did today with anyone else."
Janet is wildly animated, "I agree 100%. You have been way too good to us, we can never repay you for the experiences we have had so far."
Patty has tears running down her face, "How many fathers love their daughter enough and trust them enough to allow them to experience what I have in the last week? Unlike Jackie and Janet, I know how to say thank you. It will take some time, but I know exactly what to do."
Janet and Jackie took notice of that promise.
Patty exposes her soul, "These last few days have completely blown my mind. Thank you, Uncle Don, as well. Helping me plan this, getting my mommies back together, and making this all possible is wonderful and I am sure expensive. This is not possible without you ... and your money."
Uncle Don reflects, "When my wife died, a lot of me died as well. I didn't even realize how bad my two favorite nieces needed help. I was blind and lost. Having Jack around revitalized my business and gave me something to work at which took my mind off the pain and loss.
"When you came to me with your idea, of course, I had to help them. I love them very much and at my age, money has little value when you have so much. It was Jack that gave me all the ideas to get Janet and Jackie back, he knows them well."
Uncle Don reveals, "He was reluctant to include Patty, but I made him realize that his little daughter is growing up with or without him. If he didn't teach her I was going to let one of the guys from the garage. That sure motivated him to be more ... willing.
"When he told me about today and then staying the week I thought he was nuts. Of course, I didn't realize you two were ... close. So, knowing what you two do and that it is very likely I would be welcome, I thought it could work. But then he added the submission stuff so you could not refuse and I have been rock hard at work for a month."
Uncle Don is now smiling, "Jack explained that part of the problem is he can't satisfy two of you at once and then with Patty becoming active, he was afraid he would lose all three of you. He saw me as a piece of meat, another cock to come stuff his girlfriends."
I had to defend myself, "Hey wait a minute, I would not go that far. I can tell you love them both and I thought why not keep it in the family. They love you almost as much as me and if nothing else you are a warm body on a cold night." I smiled at that, Don didn't. "You will not be forced to fuck him anymore. You are free women that now have an extra option if you choose to enjoy it."
Janet said lovingly, "He is a good fuck, he can warm my bed."
Jackie is also gracious, "I love Uncle Don, he can warm my bed at times too."
Patty is a bit guarded and confused, "I don't know yet. For now, I am a one-man woman. College might test that or I might find someone else. I just don't see two men for me any time soon. Sorry, Uncle Don. This has nothing to do with you, I just don't want to share my vagina with more than one man at a time. I feel stupid saying that. What's wrong with me?"
Uncle Don proudly answers, "Patty, I respect your wishes. It shows maturity way beyond your years. I agree with your position and hope you stay that way forever. I am also proud to see that you stuck to your beliefs and did not follow the current momentum set by your mothers.
"That shows self-confidence and intelligence. You are quite the remarkable young lady. So, don't cry for standing up for yourself, you didn't hurt my feelings, quite the opposite, I know I don't have to worry about you. Now these two... oh, my."
Uncle Don is now serious, "There is one more thing we need to discuss. I have my own agenda for being here, besides the awesome sex. Jack, why haven't you married one of my nieces yet?"
Oh wow, did not expect this conversation.
Trying to avoid the question, "Don, when things are going good, sometimes you just don't rock the boat. I tell you what. You tell me which one I should marry."
Uncle Don is confused, "Marry the one you love more?"
I smile as I ask, "Don, could you pick between the two? Even if you do, how will that affect your relationship with the other?"
Uncle Don smiles, this is exactly what he has wanted, "Marry Patty's biological mother."
Exasperated, I reply, "Who is that? Even Patty doesn't know. They won't tell me."
Clearly, Janet and Jackie do NOT like this conversation.
Uncle Don explains, "They come back from college, have a baby with them, and announced that they are both the mother. The birth certificate shows that as well."
It starts to dawn on me, neither of these two women are Patty's biological mother. They both have a tear in their eye, but they won't share what they know. I don't push it. I'm not sure I want this to continue either now.
However, Uncle Don doesn't read his audience, "Ok you girls, don't you think it's time Patty learns the truth. She is 18 years old and can leave at any time. I don't know what you did and I really don't care. I think this amazing woman deserves to know the truth now, there is no reason to hide it anymore. You too have been carrying this for too long. Time to let it out."
No shit, he knows something.
I reluctantly asked, "Don, is this necessary? They clearly aren't ready."
Don looks me square in the eye, all love is gone from his eyes, anger is sitting there.
Uncle Don flares anger, "Jack, I know you love these two but it's nothing compared to what I feel for them. I know what happened. I know what their hiding!"
Janet and Jackie's eyes go wide as saucers.
Uncle Don continues, "Oh yes, I know the whole story. It's time you start trusting your daughter. She has a right to know the truth."
Patty is confused, but says, "From looking at you two I can tell whatever happened, it still causes you great pain to this day. You must tell me. I know what you two have done for me and sacrificed for me. How could I not love you two still?"
Janet with tears in her eyes, "In college four of us were the best of friends. Janet, Jackie, Jim, and Beth went everywhere together. Jackie, Beth, and I were sexually active ... together. Jim was our protector. We find out that Beth is pregnant. How does a lesbian get pregnant? She told us Jim raped her one night and she was too embarrassed to say anything and would not press charges. We never saw Jim again.
"Nine months go by and we get a call from Jim, he was about to kill himself from guilt. It wasn't because of what he did but because it was her family that raped her. We both loved Jim so when Beth came over two days later and nine months pregnant we had a fight. We said many hurtful things."
Jackie is crying, "She left and went home. She calls 911 because she is going to kill herself, wrote a letter, and then when the police show up, she kills herself. They save the baby and the note says that she loves us, understands our viewpoint, and wants us to care for her child."
Patty hasn't said a thing, she stands up, runs to her room, and then slams the door closed. I am at a complete loss for words, stunned, and amazed at the story. I reach for Jackie who is closest, she pulls away from me. I reach over, grab her, and hold her as hard as I can.
I explain, "She trusted her most valuable possession to you two. She didn't choose her other friends, her mother, father, sisters or brothers. She, in a very clear moment, made the most important decision of her life. She loved you two more than anything."
I reach out to Janet as well, "She trusted you to raise her daughter correctly and you have. Patty is a survivor and a wonderful person. That is what matters in the end. You will start to feel better now. When we get home, you are both going to counseling to get over this. I won't let you carry this guild forever. You paid your debt.
"It's time I go talk to Patty. Uncle Don, do not let these two out of your sight tonight. We will talk more tomorrow. Speaking of tomorrow, wear your bikinis, we are going out fishing. No, you don't have a choice."
I move the girls to Uncle Don who cuddles them perfectly. I walk to Patty's door and knock. No answer. I knock again. No answer but I can hear crying.
I use my decade-old storytelling voice, "Little Pig! Little Pig! Let me in! Let me in! Not by the hairs on your chinny chin, chin? Then I'll huff, and I'll puff, and I'll blowwwwww your door down. You're not exactly in a brick house you know!"
Patty came to the door full of tears, "I loved it when you read me that book."
I grab her hand, "Let's go for a walk."
I wasn't exactly asking, this is me telling her what will happen. We sit down in the sand. The serf is coming in and the sun is going down. It is a beautiful night and I have a beautiful naked woman next to me.
Trying to explain their actions, I ask pointedly, "Are you ready to raise a baby right now? How about next year? I am not saying the way your mothers acted was very good. Can you imagine how bad they have felt carrying around that guilt for 18 years? Every time they see you it must remind them of what happened. Yet they raised the most amazing person I know."
I try to explain, "I am sorry that I don't have the answers for you. I fix cars, the human mind is way beyond my skills. As soon as we get back, all three of you will get counseling. You have been shocked and it hurts and will hurt for a long time. You probably feel like they betrayed you. Can you imagine hiding for 18 years that feeling you have now?
"Not letting a soul know. I do want you to remember they are still your mothers. They did not provide the sperm and egg but they shaped you long before I came along. They did everything for you. I just don't want you to hate them forever. You mean the world to them just as you do to me."
Patty is still crying, "I deserved to know. My whole life has been a lie. How could they do that to me? How could they never tell me? They have treated me like a small child my entire life. They lied to me."
I turn to logic and psychology for answers, "Why am I here on this island? Didn't you lie to me to get me here? Were you thinking about yourself when you put these plans together? The way they raised you gave you the strength to go to Uncle Don and plan their entire trip. You wanted your mommies to get back together. They did that for you.
"Sometimes you lie to those you love. Sometimes it's because you want to fuck them and other times it's because they hold a horrible truth. You all did what you thought was best. They could have been put in jail for their part."
I plead, "I am not saying you don't have a right to be angry, but I think at the same time it's natural for a parent to protect their child. Why would I not want to fuck a gorgeous woman? I was protecting you, it's what parents do. It's what they did."
Changing tactics some, "Did you know that that pilot also left us a large double chocolate cake and two bottles of Jose Cuervo? I think it's time we go back and save your mommies before they do something stupid like killing themselves with grief. Don't you? Isn't that what you would do?"
Patty sat alarmed, she had a worry in her face. She ran to the living room with me close behind. Janet isn't there.
I am outraged, "Where is Janet?"
Uncle Don is confused, "Washroom."
Fuck! I run to the washroom and the door is closed. I throw my shoulder into the door and it opens easily. Janet has her wrist on the sink and is holding a knife while crying.
I use my deepest, most commanding daddy voice I have and yell, "NO!"
She drops the blade in the sink. I run to her and grab her in my arms. She is hysterical. I carry her back out to the living room.
I am snorting fire from my nose and fire is in my eyes, "Dammit Don, what part of DO NOT LET THEM OUT OF YOUR EYES do you not understand? I throw the knife down into the coffee table, the knife is embedded in the wood for all to see, the implications clear as day."
Patty ran to Janet, she holds her mom in her arms, "Mom, I love you!"
Janet is straining for breath she is in shock.
I take charge and start giving orders. "Patty, on the couch in the center. Janet, right side. Jackie left side."
Pattie gets up, calmly walks over, and sits on the couch. Janet and Jackie get up, walk to Patty, then run into each other, then step forward, then look at each other in confusion. Then they look at me with tears in their eyes, their confused.
I yell, "JANET, PATTY's RIGHT!"
Now she knew where to go. For some reason, Patty thought this was funny and starts to laugh.
Patty snorts, "Right now you look so mad, you are the big bad wolf. Oh, daddy, what great teeth you have!"
I reply with a smirk on my face, "All the better to eat you up with. I will be right back, don't move a muscle."
This group is a bunch of comedians. They all freeze where they are at, mouths open, animated arms stuck in mid-motion.
I get five large pieces of cake, glasses, and both bottles of tequila. I go back out and they are frozen in place still.
I chuckled, "Very funny guys. Guess all this double chocolate cake and tequila is all for me. Cool."
They move. They all get full glasses of tequila.
Janet came to me, gave me a big kiss, then explains, "I couldn't do it. I wanted to, but I couldn't do it to Patty. She has lost enough already and this way she can hate me rather than herself. Jack, I am sorry you had to see that."
I kissed her back. She went back to Patty and held her tight.
Jackie lightheartedly says, "As long as we are coming clean, it's your turn, Jack."
I am confused, "Me?"
A confident Jackie, "Yes you."
At a loss for words, I ask, "What did I do?"
Jackie smiles knowingly, "Patty doesn't know about your first breakfast with us. Do you remember what you told her?"
I blush beet red.
I try to play dumb, "I have no idea what you are talking about."
I know, that was a terrible attempt at a lie.
Jackie giggles as she recounts the story, "He all but told you he fucked us doggie that night and smiled while he did it."
Patty is lost in thought, "I just remember having 'Special Pigs in the Blanket'."
Janet explains to all, "Jack made a thin batter and poured two pancakes. Are one on the right side and one on the left side of the pan? Oh no. He puts the two together, overlapping, they look like two ass cheeks or a pair of breasts.
"He then says some shit about how it's symbolism and the two pancakes represent your mommies. He then takes a sausage from the plate, and then brings it into view from in front of him like he is whipping out his cock."
Trying to defend myself, "Hey, I don't remember that."
Janet ignores me, "He places his thick sausage in the pancake and then rolls it up and places it in front of Patty. The whole time her eyes are wide open as she watches the magic of a home-made breakfast being made by a man. A feat she had never seen before."
Patty purrs, "I still like his sausage."
All three girls giggle at that. I pour more tequila. This is good.
Janet fondly remembers, "That night he titty fucked us. As he is doing it, he says, 'you like my sausage?' We were all three hooked on him at that moment, Patty knew before us."
I remind the group, "Remember, bikinis tomorrow, we are going fishing."
All three girls not so excitedly answer, "Swell."
Knowingly, I reply, "Oh I suspect you might enjoy this boat trip."
Chocolate cake, tequila, and now the thought of sex, that should distract them for a while.
I make the sleeping arrangement announcement, "While we can still speak, I am taking Janet and Patty tonight. Jackie, you are a big girl and can make your own decisions."
Jackie without a moment's hesitation, "I am taking Uncle Don to MY room."
I suggest, "Ok, let's not get too shit faced, we will be on the water tomorrow for most of the afternoon. I know we haven't fixed anything but let's just keep going forward till we can work this out at home, agreed?"
Everyone agreed.
Chapter 12 – It's A Boat
That night Janet wasn't in the mood for much of anything. I think her emotions are still going wild and feeling guilt, shame, and remorse, for having not dealt with it for 18 years. I am glad she let it out and I am glad Patty is still talking to her. With Janet killing the mood, Patty gives up and we all spoon with Janet facing out, me behind her, and then Patty behind me. I hold Janet close and she seems to like that. Jackie had a much better night with Uncle Don. They woke me up twice during the night. Good for her.
The following morning, I made my special pigs in the blanket. Everyone expected it, they giggle but it wasn't the hit I had hoped for. Oh well, tough crowd, I tried. The rest of this vacation might not be quite as much fun. Oh well.
After breakfast, I take Janet by the hand and go for a walk.
I am very explicit, "Don, these two don't leave your eyes. Washroom door, not a problem anymore."
Uncle Don sheepishly answered, "I am a hawk today."
I take Janet with me around the island like I had done with Patty. We didn't talk about much. About halfway is the opposite side of the island and it's a bit calmer, the island breaks the wind a bit. We sit in some perfect white sand at the edge of the trees.
I start the recovery, "Nothing changes between you and me. I have the same feelings for you as I did before this trip. I am madly in love with you. I am here for you, always have been and always will be."
She leans over to me and holds me tight. I can feel her breasts on my chest. She cries softly.
I reassure her, "I bet Patty forgives you long before you forgive yourself. She is a good person and knows how amazing you are."
I hold her for about half an hour.
Janet explains, "I need to talk to Patty."
Being kind of goofy, "Before we finish the walk and you talk to Patty, I have something for you."
Janet looks at me with a surprised look on her face. I reach into my pocket and pretend like I am rummaging around looking for something. Then I finally pull out a breakfast sausage from breakfast. She looks at me like she would a little child or puppy.
In my little boy voice, "Would you like my sausage?"
Janet giggles pushes me over, pulls down my pants, and then did something rare. She sits down on me cowgirl style.
Janet is in charge, "I would rather ride the salami."
She giggles again and slams down on me. Her 'suit' is a string around her slit, it is easy to push aside. I let her use me and that is what she did. It wasn't about our love or my needs, this was all about her feeling good and pleasing herself. I sat there and gladly take it, that's why I brought her here. I would do anything to help Janet. It only takes her ten minutes to get off and enjoy a nice orgasm. Not her best, it didn't wear her out, but it lasted a long time and she enjoyed it tremendously. She needed it.
We then continued the walk to the house. She grabs Jackie and Patty and the three go for a walk but just around the bend. I can still see them through the trees, but I let them have their space. It gives me a chance to apologize for yelling at Uncle Don. He wanted to apologize to me for not reading the situation and suspecting her actions yesterday. He is sick with sadness for screwing up. Seemed that Jackie fixed that though.
It is two hours before they came back. I made some chicken and tuna salad sandwiches. It was a nice light lunch. We all sat down and ate but it was silent between us. That worries me because all three women would occasionally look at me and then giggle.
Finally, I got a bit mad, "OK, spit it out, why are you all looking at me? What did I do?"
Patty giggled, "Oh, it's nothing you have done ... yet. We are not talking so might as well give up."
I look at Janet, "Sorry honey, I have been sworn to silence by Patty."
I playfully ask, "Is she scheming again? That girl might accidentally get shoved overboard with cement shoes."
Jackie being protective, "Don't you dare hurt our sweet innocent angel."
I mock them, "Innocent angel? Patty? How many times has she fucked her father? Did she not submit to me, blow two strangers, get triple penetrated by four men, and do a typewriter for thirty minutes? Didn't she plan all of this? That sweet innocent angel?"
Janet is a bit embarrassed, "Ok when you put it that way, maybe not so innocent after all. But she sure has had one hell of an education and I think this has been an awesome vacation."
I add, "Well, I am glad you feel that way, let's get on the boat, we need to get going."
Patty questions me, "Why?"
I explain, "We are going fishing."
Patty is suspicious, "Why do we have to leave now?"
Not giving in, "Because I have plans as well. We need to go fishing before dinner. Come on, go, go, go!"
I get them all on the boat, go in a specific direction as directed by the pilot, and then after thirty minutes at twenty knots, we stop and pull out the poles. Uncle Don is an experienced fisherman. Patty wants to try fishing, he gets her all setup. Janet and Jackie have me lather them up with sunscreen and they lay out on the bow deck.
I watch Uncle Don and Patty fish. We are on a decent size boat. It is a 46' yacht and could easily seat and sleep all of us. Living room, two fishing seats, dining room, bedrooms, and a kitchen. Much of the boat has seen little use, people use it for fishing. I stay up high and move the boat as Uncle Don asks. Mostly, I am on the lookout. Sure enough, out of the south, I see a small blip of a boat. It's coming right at us at a decent rate. It's still miles away.
The boat is closing in on us. I move in a vector perpendicular to the ship's path and then turn 90 degrees so I am parallel to the boat. Not too far and yet not too close. I ask all the girls to go up on the bow and wave to the people. The boat gets closer and closer, the officers are outside the tower with binoculars looking at us.
I say excitedly, "Ladies, please take off your suits."
Janet gasps, "There are people there, they will see us."
I confidently explained, "Yes, they will. Now, off with the suits. This is your chance to be an exhibitionist. NOW!"
Patty pulls strings and suits fall. Janet and Jackie gang up on Patty and take hers off.
I am coaching them, "Lean forward a bit and swing your tits."
They do. Oh my, that is hot to watch. Three sets of spectacular tits, swaying from side to side. My view is the best.
I say, "Ten jumping jacks."
They do ten jumping jacks. I feel so childish suggesting that, but I didn't plan this out well and it was the first thing that came to mind. The greatest thing about jumping jacks is the bouncing. Add jumping jacks with large breasts and it really is obscene. The body and breast are going opposite directions with quick stops and changing of direction causing the breasts to distort as momentum take over. The boat is past us now but still watching.
I command, "Grab a tit or a slit and use your fingers but face the big boat while doing it. Kiss a partner."
I cut the engine and walk down to the bow, bend Patty over the railing, and slam my cock into her. She has juices running down her leg already, I slip in with little effort. I did hurt her a bit though because I slammed in too quickly, I need to be gentle still. I start a fast hard fucking and she is more than happy with that. She has two mini orgasms from the excitement of displaying her body. I try to slow down, that only made her slam harder into me.
She didn't get any last night and she is ready for my load. I had been saving it up, so I gave her five large blasts before she gets the dribbles that run down her legs. She falls to the deck. Jackie cleans me up and Janet cleans Patty out.
Uncle Don is astonished, "Holy shit you four are nasty. I blew a load over the side just watching. My God Jack, you are one lucky son of a bitch."
Teasingly I ask, "Time to head back. Anyone remember the way?"
I smile but that did NOT amuse them. We get back and I clean the fish for dinner. They didn't catch anything huge but got some decent eating fish. Don threw some back, these are the ones he wanted, the good tasting ones. Patty came to help me. This is unusual.
Ready for the worst, "What's up babe?"
Patty is brimming with confidence, "We talked a lot this morning. My mommies are hurting a lot, I think it helped them. Usually, you decide the sleeping arrangements. For the rest of the trip, Janet and Jackie want to be together at night. They know I won't fuck Uncle Don so they are going to sleep with him meaning you get stuck with just me."
Mocking Patty, I say, "Oh, what will I do?"
She smiles.
Patty is being very wise, "I want them to heal so I thought I would let you know."
With worry, I ask, "How do you feel, my sweet little innocent angel?"
A bashful Patty answers, "Oh daddddddddd. I will be ok. They are all I know as my mom. They raised me and are good people. If my real mom trusted them after what happened, I just have to trust her. I made sure Jackie and Janet know that's how I feel."
I hug Patty, "I am so proud of you. You are wise beyond your years."
Patty is being coy, "So then you will trust our decision?"
Now I am scared, "What decision?"
Patty smiles at me, "Do you trust us?"
I am nervous, "Of course I don't."
That wasn't the answer she expected.
I continue, "You have been a very naughty girl, scheming and doing naughty things that only porn stars should do and then you certainly should not be doing those things with your father. Janet and Jackie are fragile emotionally, so no, at this moment, I do not trust you three. In general, on a normal day, I would have absolute blind trust. Just not this week."
Patty honestly answered, "Not the answer I wanted but I understand your point. Bad timing."
She helps me around the kitchen and in no time, dinner is ready. The grilled fish is absolute perfection. Easily the best I ever had. At dinner, I can tell the girls are nervous about something.
I had enough, "Ok, what is it?"
Patty rushes to answer, "This might not be the best time to ask him."
Patty and Jackie looked at each other and it was like they had a private conversation just by looking at each other.
Jackie is curious, "Between Janet, Patty, and me, which one do you like the most?"
I objected, "That's not fair, how can I pick between the three women I love the most in the world."
Jackie would not let up, she is determined, "Let me make it easier, pick between Janet and me. You have ten seconds and your life depends on it." She starts counting down, "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Jack, you are dead you moron. Just pick one already."
I defend myself, "That's not fair. Your identical twins, if I picked one over the other, it would change everything forever. The one left out would resent me for breaking up our perfect life. I would rather be dead than do that to you two."
Janet looks happy, "Your right, we are a matched pair. We belong together. That's why you have to marry Patty."
How the hell did they just do that to me? They use logic and common sense. They use my love for them against me.
As the realization hits me, "Oh, my, you play dirty. I thought you two loved me and we would share forever."
Jackie looks confident, "We are."
Now I am really confused.
Uncle Don explains, "Son, I have not said much for the last several months or since I have been here. These three love you more than anything. It's the real deal boy. You have no idea how much of an influence you have had on them since you came into their life.
"Patty started the scheming to get Janet and Jackie together. They were scheming to get you and Patty together, you were scheming to get Patty to learn about sex so she would find a boyfriend. Well, I too have been scheming for many years, waiting for my opportunity. Now is the time."
Uncle Done lays it out plainly, "Patty will never date anyone in college. She is very headstrong. When a man came into her life and gave her strength, dignity, and self-worth, she transformed into a new person. She was confident and strong-willed. She knows what she wants, and she will work to get it. Jack, you have no chance to deny her. Like it or not she has attached a chain to you and thrown away the key."
Uncle Don Continues, "These two were too young when they got a child. They weren't mature enough. But damn if they didn't do a great job in raising Patty. They are stunning even today and men threw themselves at them but they liked themselves more than the men. You were the first one to break through and you did it the only way possible, through Patty. You will marry Patty, she has full tuition paid for any school based on a scholarship from my dealership, and you will continue to live with and entertain Janet and Jackie. I get the leftovers if they feel like it."
I am blown away, confused, and feeling unworthy, "WOW! This is too much, I need some time to think about this. I will be back, I guarantee it. I just need to think and there is too much beauty here that will distract me. Please give me a while."
I get up and leisurely walk away. Halfway around the island I stop, realize where I am again due to lack of wind and sit down in the sand with the waves crashing into me. I imagined a big ledger in my mind and start adding the pros and cons of the different plans. Marry Patty, marry nobody, alternate wives yearly between Janet and Jackie. Why would Patty want me? She hasn't had a chance at college kids. Do I really want her to find another guy?
So many choices, I have no idea what to do. I could do nothing. I could walk away. Could I? Why would I? Maybe they would think more clearly without me. I certainly am not worthy of them. It's pitch black out, I have been here a while I guess. I still have no answers. I hear footsteps in the sand behind me.
I call out, "I am over here."
Someone walks behind me and sits down and leans forward to hug me close to her. Huge tits smash between us.
I guess, "Janet?"
Janet confirms, "Yes dear."
I explain, "I am almost done, it got dark out here."
A confident Janet explains, "I knew where you would be. You stopped back here with Patty as well. The wind stops, it's peaceful here. A good place to think."
Janet tries to swing me towards Patty, "Don is right about almost everything, he missed on Patty."
I am surprised, "You don't think she is smart, confident, and strong?"
Janet sadly explains, "Oh no, he got all that right. What all of you don't know is that she isn't really that strong or confident. It takes a certain person believing in her unconditionally for her to have that power. Mothers and daughters talk about many things. Over the years I realized how much she depends on you. Jackie and I are strong because life made us that way. I realized way too late in her life that she is reliant too much on you. I am sorry Jack."
I share my soul, "If I were 100% honest with myself, I think I suspected it as well. I told myself she would grow out of it. But as she aged and became more special, I couldn't be a good father, I let her lean on me.
"What a horrible person I am. I did that to my own daughter. It's no wonder I am pushing her away, it's my own failing and my inability to teach her correctly. I want her to run from me because I was too weak to push her away. I can't marry her, I should be in jail."
Jackie scolds me, "Your wrong." I didn't even see or hear her sneak up on us. "She was weak from cancer, she needed you and what you did. You did what you had to do. I saw it, I knew it, and I let it happen and I would do exactly, the same thing, every time. You compliment her in every way. You two are perfect together.
"We three are great but you two are something special, something that doesn't happen often. You don't have a choice, you never did. This was written in the stars. If you aren't part of her life, she will revert back to shy insecure Patty."
I suggest, "What if we force her to go to college full time and live on campus. She can still come home on weekends. This part remains a secret. If she doesn't find a boyfriend, then I will know what you say is true and I will marry one of the three most special women in the world. Will she share me with you?"
Janet reveals, "She already said she would. She has this notion that you make us complete. She is right, we have never been happier in our lives. We are very OK with this. Uncle Don will be helping to keep us happy. He isn't you Jack but he works really hard to please us physically and that is something."
Now relaxed and feeling better, "I think it's time we go back. You two have helped me a lot. Thank you."
We walk back to the house taking the shortcut. It seems the house is about 150 yards from this space if you cross through the trees. They heard me and Jackie and found out the island isn't a circle but an oval, narrow in the middle. A short walk back to the house.
I walk in with a smile, grab Patty by the hand and say, "Good night."
Once in the room, Patty immediately starts a blowjob. She is still very inexperienced.
I coach her, "I need you to be ready for those college guys. Anyone as cute and confident as you will receive a lot of attention from the guys. More tongue. A woman can be stunning, a perfect ten, but without the confidence, her smile won't be the same, she won't have that gleam in her eye.
"She won't have that look of someone they must have. You have all of that in spades. You watch in college, there will be women just as good looking, but all eyes will be on you. Mark my words baby. Add some suction now. You will know I am close when my body starts to tense up, my cock grows slightly larger, and it gets slightly harder."
I look for understanding in her eyes, "You should know before I shoot, where you want my cum. You are in charge, you are dominant in the bedroom, you decide, not them. They can suggest but you decide and if you don't like them much, spit it out. Now start to swirl your tongue, it doesn't have to stay on the bottom all of the time."
I am coaching again, "Sucking cock is like eating pussy, variety helps, hitting different parts helps, going deep feels good. You can learn a lot by sucking a variety of dicks, every guy has suggestions and likes different things. Cock sucking is a skill and practice makes you better. Your mothers had a lot of practice in college and learned many things, they can give you pointers, especially Janet.
"I think she liked it more or had more experience because she can drain me in three minutes if she wants to. More ass play will make it more pleasurable as well. It won't be long baby, you have me close."
She starts her best Hoover imitation and that does it, she drains me of four good ropes of cum, filling her mouth with a nice load. She audibly slurps it down and finishes off with smacking her lips.
Patty is excited, "Yummy. When do we get married?"
I sadly answer, "We don't baby."
She looks so sad like I just killed her puppy. A tear forms in her eye.
I smile at her, "Let me continue." Now there was eternal hope in her face. "You are going to a four-year college. You will stay on campus. If you live close enough to safely come home on weekends you may. You will come home for all holidays. If at the end of four years you have not found someone we will discuss, and I think you find me much more receptive to the idea."
She won the lottery, it was that kind of smile. She jumps into my arms, holds me, and then kisses me.
I am serious with her, "Baby, I want you to enjoy college. It is one of the best times of your life. You will make special friends there that will alter your life. Do whatever you want and enjoy whatever and whoever you want. I will still be here for you no matter what. I am your father, I raised you, that doesn't stop because you hit 18 or go to college."
I fondly think back, "I still see that shy little bald girl in the restaurant with those gorgeous blue eyes. You will always be part of my life and I yours. I expect an email, text messages, photos, video messages, the whole bit. I don't want you feeling alone at college. However, a girl like you will only be alone if you want to be. Men and women will be hitting on you. Variety is the spice of life, I expect you to live it up."
Patty is relieved, "Dad, you talk too much, I just want you to fuck me good right now."
I knowingly smirk, "Sorry Patty, I can't do that." She again went sad. "I have to eat you first, that's how dad rolls. You need to be shown proper respect. Nobody fucks my girl without eating her first."
I push her down on the bed, I get down between her legs and start off with a tender caress but then change my style and go to a quick, frantic, quick moving tongue. Two or three times my typical speed. Almost immediately she is breathing hard and grunting.
Patty is shocked, "What the fuck dad. Who is this?"
I say in my Zen master voice, "Many styles" into her snatch but all she heard was "M ... E ... S ... I."
I pull out, "Many styles."
Now I slow down and start humming a catchy toon I remember on the radio. She is about to have a hard orgasm; all the signs are there. I go back to the quick, fast, darting of the tongue as my hand starts to gently caress her clit. BANG! She explodes with a jerk of her body. She is frozen as the orgasm freezes her body and she loses all control. After a minute she goes limp and I am crushing her.
Very weakly she asks, "What was that?"
I reply smugly, "More like who was that."
She looks bewildered.
I explain, "A long time ago a girlfriend taught me some different techniques guys used on her. She called the techniques by the guy's names, Mike and Harold. I never told your mothers that, they just like the different styles. Over the years you will get bored with the same sex over, and over, again, it isn't special. The more different styles you know they more variety your life has. To keep our sex life interesting, you need to seek out new things. That is your goal in college."
Patty now understands my lesson, "Ok, I see your point now and I understand why you want me to go to college and enjoy life there. Not only will I learn a lot, but I will LEARN a lot. She smiles."
I proudly state, "You sure are the smart one. Make sure you always use a condom, no nasty STD's for you."
Patty laughs, "I need a bigger purse."
Now I am dead serious, "One last thing, NEVER drink something you did not pour yourself. Never drink anything that was out of your hands. Lots of drugs are out there and those types of guys don't use condoms. Even worse, you don't get to enjoy it."
That night I fucked her hard and fast. The wheels are working hard in her head processing tonight's talk. She didn't want a slow love, she is in heat thinking about the possibilities and she needs a release for her energy. Fortunately, I am there to provide the hard fucking she needs which causes a neighborhood rocking scream of release. She then collapses from her orgasm and did not wake until the morning.
The rest of the trip was quiet. Lots of sex and laying out in the sun. Everyone had a lot on their minds. It was almost a relief to get back home. Immediately all of us start counseling and I think it helped. I was included so I would know what to do and how to assist. Mostly, my job is to listen and report daily.
Patty did go to college ...