Chapter 02. The Naturist Meditation Retreat
Preface
Arriving at My First Naturist Meditation Retreat
Sylvia Introduces the Retreat
My First Naturist Meditation
Signing Up for the Grounding Sessions
Soraya and the Truth About Naturism and Nudity
My First Naked Yoga Session
The First Grounding Session
The First Evening Meditation
My Grounding Session
Solace and Comfort with Joshua
An Even More Sublime Evening Meditation
Sylvia Reveals the Tantric Spiritual Retreat
Reflections and Enlightenment 1
The Naturist Meditation Retreat Last Night Party
Back in My Old Life
Arriving at The Tantric Spiritual Retreat

Preface

Hi, I'm Rachel and this is another instalment in my story about my sex life.
This is Chapter 02 of four and in order to best enjoy it and make sense of it you are strongly recommended to read Chapter 01 first if you have not already done so. This chapter covers what went on and my experiences at the Naturist Meditation Retreat that I went to.
Please do not let the title put you off. The theme has nothing to do with spirits and the paranormal; it is about the convergence of sexual energy, with spiritual energy which I have discovered to be a dramatic, intoxicating, and compelling combination which takes sexual pleasure to a whole new level. When I began to take an interest in exploring a spiritual path it seemed to me that spiritual energy and sexual energy are both forms of passion and being alive. Rather than being opposites, they are in fact complementary, or perhaps even the same life force. I have discovered that practicing spiritual sex can elevate sexual pleasure to a truly whole mind and body experience. In fact, I will make some bold claims that spiritual sex can enable sexual energy to go beyond the physical sensations of pleasure and orgasm, to a state of heightened awareness and expanded consciousness. We feel everything more deeply, and you can no longer distinguish between elation, euphoria, ecstasy, bliss and orgasm. I do not expect you to be convinced yet, but I invite you to walk with me through my recent experiences and discoveries of this whole new dimension to sex.
I have been writing about my sex life on Literotica for quite a few years now. In order to best enjoy this latest one, you would be better to read some of my earlier stories first. This latest story will then make more sense if you know more about me and what has gone before.
You can find my five previous instalments under my name of Rachel6. They are best read in chronological order i.e.:
1. Rachel's life As an Exhibitionist
2. Rachel Is Shared
3. Rachel's Exhibitionism Nemesis
4. Rachel Reveals More
5. Rachel Reveals All
The last one 'Rachel Reveals All' combines all of the first four stories into a single novel. Thus in 'Rachel Reveals All' I related most of the interesting sensual and sexual experiences of my life up until my mid-forties.

Arriving at My First Naturist Meditation Retreat

I looked forward to this week at the naturist retreat with great anticipation. I really thought this was going to be so perfect for me and had very high hopes. I was also pleased to be going with a buddy rather than on my own. Joshua had been many times and would be able to fill me in on the drive down. Andy was very sceptical, and somewhat cynical, about what I was going to, and why, but had little choice but to accept it and shrug his shoulders. I had a new-found freedom and independence nowadays. I did not expect him to understand the big attraction to me about going to something that was so out of the ordinary and maybe very whacky. He told me it would be full of dirty old men with sandals and beards. I just smiled and told him that I did not really know what it was going to be like, and what the other people were going to be like, but It could be right up my street. I had told him that I was going with Joshua in his car. Given our whacky arrangements at home where I was sleeping with him or Tony he knew by now that he had no control over me and did not even bother to ask whether there was anything going on between Joshua and me. But the truth is there was not, although as you know we had had some intimate up close and personal experiences during his tantric massages.
Joshua picked me up on a Sunday afternoon, and Andy was actually out when we left. I had not known what to pack given this was supposedly a naturist retreat! I assumed we would still need some evening clothes, and maybe some clothes and boots for walks and hikes? I did not know what to expect so had packed far too much. I hoped I was prepared for most eventualities. The drive down to Cornwall took about three hours. The centre was actually beyond Newquay on the north coast. We drove straight there as we were supposed to arrive by late afternoon. Joshua told me a lot about what to expect. He had been many times to this retreat and to another similar one that they ran there. I had not realised that he actually helped to run it and was one of the coaches, and organisers. We eventually left the main road and followed a long rough drive, but I could not yet see the centre. Finally, we swung into the car park of the centre which was a substantial old run-down gothic style manor house or former abbey. It was very imposing but had obviously seen better days. Joshua reassured me not to worry that it looked a bit dilapidated from the outside and that it was nice enough inside. He said that retreats for personal and spiritual growth were very often spartan and basic in his experience. It was certainly in a remote peaceful secluded location, although Joshua told me the drive continues on and is actually also used a little by the public to reach the sandy cove beach nearby.
When we stepped out of the car, I noticed the fresh cool sea air and took some deep breaths. We wheeled our cases into the lobby. There was no one on the reception desk when we went in, but Joshua knew his way around and started to show me around the ground floor. There were already groups of people around, couples, singles sitting in the lounges and bar area. I guessed we had been one of the last to arrive. The views from the large windows at the rear were stunning over the grounds. Being so near to a wild and windy coast there were almost no trees. Joshua then recognised one of the organisers and she spotted him at the same time. A woman of about 50 walked briskly over to us smiling, her heels clopping loudly on the hardwood oak floor boards. (Sorry that was estate agent speak coming out!) She looked delighted to see Joshua and they had a quick hug. She then turned to me and shook my hand and welcomed me. Her perfume was over powering. She introduced herself as Sylvia Pearson and greeted us very enthusiastically and really made me feel like she was genuinely pleased to welcome someone who had not been before.
She said, "I am so delighted that Joshua talked you into coming. I have heard so much about you and am sure you will love it here."
Sylvia was dressed in an elegant Indian full length flowing blue Sari. Sylvia was a little shorter than me, and thinner, well preserved and an obvious total bundle of energy. She looked like a natural born organiser and mover shaker.
Sylvia said, "You dears are the last to arrive. Let us get you checked in straight away. Sophie," she shouted.
One of her team, Sophie presumably and around 20, then presented us with a couple of fruit juices. We quickly downed those and then Sophie collected our keys from behind the desk and then offered to show us to our rooms which were apparently up two flights of stairs.
Before we went up Sylvia told us that before dinner, she was giving an introduction about the week for all the guests in the library at 1800 so we should freshen up and come down for that. The stairway was very grand, and wood panelled but it was a struggle with our cases and I thought they could do with a lift here. It was obvious that the centre struggles to maintain the building and it was crying out for some maintenance. My room was simple accommodation, pretty basic actually, but it did at least have an en-suite. Oh well I had not expected a luxury hotel.
I looked out of the window and could now see not one but two hot tubs. 'Great', I thought. I love hot tubs. These were not the huge modern fibre glass types but the old-fashioned wooden round ones that look like giant beer barrels. There was steam rising from them and both already had three or four occupants who seemed to be well settled in and knew each other and were laughing and joking. They must be regulars, I thought; must have been before. I suddenly felt a little intimidated and nervous. Everyone will know each other. I will be the odd one out. I wondered what I had let myself in for. At least I knew Joshua. But then I thought that I should not be so easily spooked. I actually love hot tubs and spas as much as anyone. And outdoor hot tubs are always the best. I could not help but wondered what the occupants were wearing, if anything, but I was too far away to tell. There was also large marquee in the grounds, and I wondered what that was for.
It was one of those moments in life when I really had no idea what to expect or what to do so as far as I was concerned 6 o'clock could not come soon enough. I did not even change from the clothes I had travelled in. I just wanted it to get going so I could get the feel for what to wear, and what I should be doing. I so envied those people who had arrived early and were confident enough to already be laughing and joking in the hot tubs. Just before 6 o'clock Joshua tapped on my door and when I answered it, I was relieved to see that he was still fully clothed. At least I had not got that wrong. He led me down to the library where everyone was gathering. It turned out there were about twenty of us there plus Sylvia. It was difficult to tell who was an organiser and who was a guest as the seating was very informal with everyone just reclining in the various sofas and padded chairs around the room. Thankfully everyone was dressed.

Sylvia Introduces the Retreat

Sylvia introduced herself again and the centre and just came across as a tornado of positive energy and enthusiasm. She really looked like she was delighted to be meeting us and hosting this retreat. She said she had founded the centre with her partner about five years previously and they held about eight retreats per year. They also used the centre as a base for one on one personal counselling and meditation training. She explained that the centre was also a popular wedding venue and they hosted about fifteen weddings per year. It was this that made the centre financially viable and enabled them to run the meditation centre on the back of that business. That explains the marquee I thought.
It then started to get interesting. She reminded us that this was a naturist meditation centre. Sylvia said that we will already know that this is a rare beast and that they used to be the only one in the UK but now there is apparently a second in the North West that is run by a friend who originally attended at this centre. Sylvia stressed that this was truly a mind, body and spirit wellness centre and their aim is that when you leave you will be totally relaxed and restored. She said that she liked to describe the retreat as, 'you come here to lose yourself and find yourself''. She said that we will also hopefully have adjusted and recalibrated our views and feelings about our own sexuality and desires in things such as naturism, promiscuity, exhibitionism and spirituality and feel empowered to truly be ourselves going forward. 'I could use some of that', I thought.
She said that we will not see these retreats advertised anywhere online and that is because it could potentially attract the wrong people for the wrong reasons. She said this week there were eighteen of us taking part and of these eight had attended before. She said that for those of us who were here for the first time, someone in our community has seen in us the qualities and interests and felt our energy and believed that we would fit with them here and enrich their community, and recommended us to them. I turned to Joshua next to me and smiled and he winked and smiled back. It surprised me and still does that retreats like this existed and were all going on while the rest of us were at work doing mundane boring jobs! That sense of surprise was to evolve into amazement as this and a subsequent retreat unfolded and became increasingly high octane sexually liberal.
Sylvia repeated that everyone here has been recommended by someone who is already in our wider community of people who had been before or were in a related field and working as for example professional healers, spiritual guides, masseurs etc. She said that this wider community of kindred spirits is very important to all of us. It is, if you like, a support group of followers who we keep in touch with by email, and we have a private online discussion group where you are able to raise questions, personal problems etc. This important community that we are all invited to be part of is a new support group of friends available for us to pursue and explore our interests in naturism in combination with spiritual intelligence. This network of spiritual friendships is what Buddhists call the Sangha community. She strongly encouraged us to make new friends amongst the other guests. She said that it was often the case that people have enjoyed their retreat here so much and found it to be such a profound experience that they have experienced a real let down and withdrawal symptoms afterwards when they try to return to their normal lives. She said this was where a support group was so important and would be a real help to us. It was apparently common for people to meet up with another participant after the retreat and practice together. 'Practice what?' I thought.
Sylvia encouraged us to build a support group of a network of mutual supporters who were, as she described it, on the same spiritual journey and at the same point in their journey of discovery and searching. She really believed that when we went home, we will find that we need this network as the new world we discover here will not exist for us outside and this may cause problems for us. I have to say at that point I was not convinced and had no idea what she was talking about, but 'boy oh boy' did I understand by the end of the week.
Sylvia then explained that a great deal of the philosophies and beliefs practiced here were based on ancient Buddhism but that this was not a Buddhist centre or affiliated with any Buddhist organisation.
On a practical note Sylvia then went on to apologise that the bedrooms were a little basic and spartan. She said that before they bought the centre it was used as a monastery for monks. She knew that they needed updating but the centre could not yet afford to do them. People usually find that by the time they retire they are so tired they sleep really well here. She said that to be honest the investment that they had made so far had been in the purchase of the marquee to enable them to host weddings, and the building of our 'splendid' temple which we use for meditation and most other classes and services.
The food was similarly described as simple, healthy and vegetarian. It would not be gourmet here but neither would you put any weight on here and may even lose a little but that was not the objective.
Regarding alcohol she said that this was a health retreat and that they do not stock or serve alcohol except at the 'party' on the last evening. There was a little groan and a giggle here and there. I thought that it would not do me any harm. However, they do apparently offer a kind of traditional fruit cocktail which one of the resident spiritual guides- Shiva - mixes for us to an ancient Indian recipe but keeps the precise contents a closely guarded secret! A fairly short Indian man in a white dhoti and a long white tunic gave a smile and a wave. Sylvia said that this juice will relax you and make you feel a little happy if you have a couple of glasses, and is freely available throughout the centre so we should feel free to indulge.
I was pleased to hear Sylvia say that smart phones were not permitted outside of the bedrooms during the retreat. This was a necessary part of the treatment and therapy at this retreat which will not be effective with the continuing distractions of smart phones. I was so relieved to hear that I would not be surrounded by people endlessly staring at and swiping their phones all week- one of my personal pet hates of this modern world. She emphasised that phones were absolutely not allowed in the temple and to take one in would be a cardinal sin! I doubted that anyone would cross or disobey the irrepressible bundle of energy that was Sylvia. She also added that with this being a naturist retreat all photography was banned and that was another reason why they could not permit having smart phones around the place.
She had a real bee in her bonnet about this. Sylvia made one final plea that during this week we actually accessed our smart phones as little as possible She said that these phones are a curse and a big contributor to the increasing inability of people to live in the moment, notice the world around them, or communicate face to face with others. She said that we would get a lot more out of this retreat if we gave our phones the week off. I could not agree more and again her frankness and outspoken opinionated views made me chuckle.
Sylvia then went on to say that although this was ostensibly a naturist meditation centre nudity was not compulsory. She said that you could wear as much or as little as you felt comfortable with for the meditations and workshops. The only rules were that in the restaurant at meal times for hygiene reasons you should slip on the robe that was left in your bedroom. Also, no swimming costumes were permitted in the hot tubs because firstly it was her view that swimming costumes were an absurd ridiculous custom and a completely redundant item of clothing, and secondly that if one person wears one it can make others feel awkward about whether they also needed to wear one. I could not agree with her more and I was beginning to like her outspoken manner and found her quite amusing. "Thirdly," she chuckled, "the detergent in the fabric gets into the water and makes it all foamy!"
That evening Sylvia did not want to go into too much detail about the programme except to say that it was a packed agenda of loving kindness meditations, yoga, and group workshops sessions on breathing exercises, touching, being touched and held, feeling and embracing, and spiritual connection. The aim was to apparently 'activate and stimulate our energy centres and establish real spiritual connection between us'. I had no idea what she was talking about, but I have to say it all sounded extremely intriguing. She said that during the week we would be spending the majority of our time in the temple.
She added that whilst all the programme is ultimately optional their most sacred daily session is the Sunrise meditation at the start of the day before breakfast. She asked that we especially committed to attend the Sunrise meditation service to start the day and 'get our energy adjusted and aligned with the rhythm of the retreat.' It was interesting she referred to it as a 'service'. I could not imagine anyone not doing what they were told by Sylvia- certainly not me! She said that similarly we will finish each day with a second sacred meditation at sunset which this week was occurring at about quarter past eight in the evening so this will be held after supper. Apparently when it is warm enough these meditations are held on the roof of the temple on the 'Zen deck' in the open air, but if it is too cold or raining then they hold them inside the temple below.
Sylvia then said that for those of us who were here for the first time that this retreat was not for everybody. If you find in a day or so that you are struggling or uncomfortable please come and talk to me about your feelings. She said that if eventually you want to leave us you are free to do so, and they would only charge pro rata plus a small admin fee. But she said that in the years that they had been running this retreat she could only recall two people leaving. But in the first instance she said for goodness sake come and see her first because she absolutely understood that some of the challenges of this retreat can be quite intimidating or unsettling.
She introduced the rest of her team of organisers and coaches and then said that she did not want to go into any more detail that evening. Instead she said that dinner was now being served in the restaurant and then we should maybe try a glass or two of the 'fruit juice' and maybe a hot drink back here in the library and then retire early because we would be commencing with a sunrise meditation in the temple before breakfast at 0600. If anyone wished to jump in the hot tubs again, they were free to do that after dinner.
By the end of that talk I was feeling positive, optimistic and excited that this mysterious agenda could actually be a big fit with me, and I could actually have stumbled into something very intense and cathartic; life changing even. I started to realise that I was going to absolutely love it here. I would be in my element. It was going to be just divine living in just a robe and being naked underneath for a whole week and with lots of naturist activities thrown in. I felt so excited anticipating the week ahead. I could not wait to get started.
Over dinner I sat with Joshua and also got chatting with a woman called Amy, who had been before and told me a lot more about what to expect from the retreat. She was full of life and bubbly and told us she was separated from her husband and living on her own in Cheltenham. That is not too far from me and I hoped she might perhaps become a friend.
After dinner I went back to my bedroom tired but excited that this retreat was really going to be up my street in a way that nothing else ever had. Some of the others retired to the library to socialise but I had had enough for the first day. I was glad I had come but wanting to get further into it. Not to be so green and such a newbie. I wanted to know the ropes more. I looked out of my window and sure enough there were still some people crammed into the hot tubs chatting and giggling. I was tempted to go down and join them. Tomorrow night, I thought, I will definitely go in them. The grounds and garden looked very pretty all lit up with a generous sprinkling of lights. My bed looked very inviting with a crisp clean white sheet and duvet, and luxurious fluffy pillows. I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

My First Naturist Meditation

There was a knock on my door early the next day which was the Monday. I heard someone going down the landing knocking on all the doors. I remembered we had our first meditation, the Sunrise Service, at 6 o'clock. I put the light on. I am someone who wakes up immediately in the mornings, so I was happy to jump out of bed. I was feeling very eager and excited and full of curiosity as to what this was going to be like.
I still wondered about what was de rigueur to wear for the meditation. I knew that at some point they would suggest you were au naturel for these meditations but this was the first one, it was chilly, early in the morning, and people did not know each other yet. I did not know what to pop on. In the end I decided to go donning a white bra and panties set and the fluffy white robe that was hanging on the back of the shower room door. The robe I noticed was rather nice with the centre's logo on the chest pocket. By dressing this way, I thought, I can always take something off if that is what everyone else is doing. I gingerly came out of my room about ten to six and nervously mingled with a group of three others all women. One of them knew the way so off we marched. We had to go out of this main building and walk along a path lit by low lights on little posts. The early morning air was cool and bracing. The path of lights looked very pretty stretching out across the ground and then up some steps ahead to the top of a mound. It was a bit of a stiff climb up and I felt a little breathless. At the top stood a modern square wood and aluminium framed building that was mostly glass. It had a flat roof with railings around. I thought this must be the Zen deck that was also used for open air exercises when warm enough. So, what they called The Temple looked nothing like a temple from the outside but was really just a modern ail glass structure.
I went inside with the others. I discovered that the fourth side was not glass at all but a solid wall that contained what looked like a central shrine flanked by various Indian carved wooden figures of Goddesses and Buddhaesque effigies. One of the glass sides had a breath-taking panoramic view across the rolling hills down towards the cliffs and sea.
The Indian guy, Shiva, was inside welcoming everybody. Shiva was sat in the lotus position in front of the shrine. He welcomed us to the Sunrise meditation Service, and asked us to take a rubber yoga mat and towel and find a space on the floor to lay down on our backs in rows. It had been chilly walking through the early morning crisp air outside but inside the temple it was comfortably warm. Warm enough to strip off I thought. I felt excited at the prospect that some people at least, and definitely me if that is really what really happens, were going to partake in this session naked. I could not imagine it at the moment; everyone was here dressed exactly the same as me in their robes. It looked like everyone had come and they had a full turnout. No one was having a lie in and risking upsetting Sylvia!
When Shiva had counted that everyone was here, he got up and turned the lights off. They had timed this so that the dawn was coming up through the glass wall and during this session the sun would rise above the horizon and stream into the room. Shiva turned on some relaxing gentle background Indian music. I was being charmed and seduced by the ritual and ambience of the situation.
Shiva began in a slow reassuring tone, like he was comforting his aged grandmother, "You should now make yourself as comfortable as you can. Wear what you feel will allow you to connect with the universe and be your simplest being. If you wish to remove the trappings of the modern world to connect with the natural world, we find that discarding your clothes can help you achieve that connection. We are all together but you are also on your own. There is only peace, love, freedom and acceptance here. You are free to just be here at one with the universe and go deep within yourself to find peace, contentment and harmony."
He paused for a while and this was the cue for about half the group to roll onto their sides and remove their robes. They were mostly completely naked underneath except for about six ladies (including me) who were wearing underwear. The men who removed their robes were all already completely naked. Shiva himself had also discretely removed every stitch in a deft movement that was obviously well practiced. He was back in the lotus position. I had waited for this moment with great anticipation, and was excited that it was turning out to be really happening. I whipped off my robe and folded it under my towel and lay there in my underwear.
Shiva began the meditation asking us to concentrate just on breathing in and out deeply. He encouraged us to close our eyes. This went on for a few minutes and he kept softly encouraging us to relax and just be, whilst his hypnotic voice washed over us. It was so cosy and pleasant. After a while I opened my eyes to have a peep and found that by now all but about three of us had removed all their clothing and were lying naked on their mats. I knew then that more than ever before in my life I was amongst likeminded friends who had the same views on clothes and being naked as I did. As Shiva continued to lead the affirmations in his soft hypnotic voice, I slid my panties down my legs and over my feet as discretely as possible and tucked them under my towel. I then unclipped by bra and removed that and also tucked it under my towel. I rested my head back on my towel and laid there feeling elated. I felt a slight chill as I parted my legs and arms as wide as I could like a star fish. I felt gorgeous and the whole situation felt delicious. I saw the sun rising above the horizon and the dawn breaking through the glass wall. I was so happy in that moment. It was truly a perfect moment. This was sheer bliss for me lying there naked, arms and legs apart, stretched out in a room full of other like-minded souls. I resolved there and then that I would endeavour not to put any underwear on again until I was dressing to drive home at the end of the retreat. This was a naturist retreat and I was going to make the most of it. I was fairly sure now that that would be possible. From now onwards I was going to try to just live in their robe. I remember now that Joshua had told me before we came during the drive down that you do hang out in a robe most of the time; so much so that they actually exchange it for a clean one half way through the week. I understood what he meant now.
I now needed to get my head in the right place to really connect with the meditation. I wanted to really notice and feel everything and get to the state of expanded consciousness and higher state of awareness and mindfulness that Shiva was endeavouring to take us all. Shiva was talking to us slowly and deliberately with conditioning messages about peace, and love, about being calm, and content, feeling that we have enough, and acceptance. His voice was very seductive, and it was hard to resist drifting down into a deeper state of relaxation. His style was a blend of meditation and hypnosis. At one point he asked us to stretch out sideways and hold the hand of the person on each side of us and to stay like that. I had women each side of me, neither of whom I knew yet, but I did this and it felt so natural, so right. So, for the remainder of the meditation everyone in each row remained connected. Shiva said something about letting our energy flow through each other and about feeling connection to our collective spirit. My sceptical side thought this sounded like a lot of mumbo jumbo, but I have to be honest that at another level it did feel right and I did have emotional feelings welling up in me of belonging to something greater than me. Something happened to me, but I did not know what. I think the thing I kept finding throughout this week was how powerful the effect of ritual, ambience and atmosphere on the mind can be. You have to believe for the magic to happen.
Shiva asked us to chant with him some affirmations. We repeated after him, "Peace, love, harmony, friendship, compassion. I am love, I am at peace with myself, I love myself, I am good enough. I am at peace with the universe and everybody. I am a part of the universe. I am the universe." And so, it went on, a long stream of positive affirmations. You dear reader may react with cynicism about this, and I would not blame you. I would have reacted in the same way before I experienced this for myself.
It turned out that these same set of core affirmations were repeated at every meditation morning and evening throughout the week and sometimes they played a recording of them set to soulful music.
I left that first meditation in a haze. It felt like I had been drugged. I felt bathed in good feelings-good energy as they would say.
I walked back to my room chatting to one of the women who had been next to me and I had been holding her hand. She was called Lesley, about my age, and had not been before to this retreat but was a practising Buddhist. She lived with a guy, but she was here on her own. I told her my situation was similar. She told me she had visited India and Bhutan a few times and been to some retreats out there although none like this one. We were both very excited about what was to still to come this week.
After a shower I ventured down to breakfast. I went just dressed in the robe with nothing on underneath and just some red feminine strappy slip on sandals on my feet. There was quite a buzz in the restaurant. I sat with Lesley and two other women I had not met before called Heather and Simone. I noticed that Joshua was eating with Sylvia.

Signing Up for the Grounding Sessions

When we were getting near finishing Sylvia stood up, and said that she would like to say a little about the programme today. This is more or less what she said in her own words.
"Well Good morning everyone. Well done to all of you for getting up early for our sunrise meditation. I hope you enjoyed it. As I said last night, we have a packed schedule of workshops this week which I trust you will find helpful and enjoyable. One of the things I did not talk about last night which is a central element of the healing process at our retreats here is something that perhaps sounds a little daunting at first that we call 'grounding' sessions. These are sessions where we ask you to open yourself up to the group one at a time as a prelude to your workshops here. After you have bared your soul to the group, you will receive the love and support of the group in return. We have found that by doing this you will get the most out of this retreat in self-improvement and personal development. This is a very powerful tool that you should try to embrace with an open mind. Those of you who have not been before are strongly recommended to go through this process but any of you who have been before and would like to do it again are also very welcome.
I had been listening intently to Sylvia. I, like many of the group was already worrying and nervous about going through this process. Joshua had not warned me about this probably deliberately. At the same time, I was intrigued and for my own part would have to admit that my own personal life was a mess and that I needed help and therapy as much as anyone. I was a prime candidate. But what on earth was this 'receiving the love and support of the group' all about? I was all agog to see that happening!
Sylvia continued, "The plan will be to offer everyone who wants one a grounding session over the next three days. If necessary, we will hold some after dinner in the evenings in order to get through them all. You do not have to attend everybody else's grounding sessions, but it would be appreciated if you would come to most of them as receiving the love and connection of the group is an important part of how it works.
"I will not pretend that some people do not find this a painful and a challenging process, but it is also a very powerful and effective process and almost everybody tells us it had a dramatic and positive impact on them. It is not, of course, compulsory but we strongly recommend it to those who have not been before. Remember that everything that happens here is in total confidence, and stays here. The rest of the group are on your side and only want the best for you and in reality, are only here to hold a mirror up to you so you can see yourself with a new clarity. This is a totally safe environment.
"After breakfast we are going to begin with some advice about naturism and nudity and then mid-morning, we are going to start with a couple of grounding sessions before lunch. So please would you have a word with me if you would like to add your name to the list. We aim to arrange the programme for about six of you each day to have your slot and these can even take place after dinner in the evening in order to fit them all in. OK that's it. Our first session will be held by Soraya in the temple who is going to talk to us about naturism, nudity, and exhibitionism."
I could not believe how much this retreat seemed to be a bull's eye for me. Like it had been specially designed and targeted at me. Everything seemed to be exactly on my wavelength and so relevant. I could not help but feel more and more excited. But I was nevertheless anxious about enduring this so called, 'grounding'.
As we were leaving the dining room, I found Joshua and asked, "Have you been through one of these groundings then?"
Joshua smiled at me and replied, "Yes, I have actually although a couple of years ago. I know it sounds weird, but it does actually work. I got quite a lot out of it."
I said, "It sounds terrifying."
Joshua replied, " Don't worry. It can actually be quite fun. It is not as horrendous as it sounds. I've watched a lot of people going through it here and they all say afterwards that they are glad they did."
I asked, "Do you think I should do it then?"
Joshua replied, " Well only you can decide that. But I warn you if you do not sign up, Sylvia will put some pressure on you to persuade you. And from what you have told me about your personal life, don't take offence, but I would not have thought it would do you any harm."
I had to accept he was right. I went to the notice board in the corridor outside Sylvia's office where the programme was displayed every day. Sylvia had left a form pinned up. I picked up the pen and added my name to the list. There were already five names on it.
I walked back to my bedroom on my own grateful for a bit of space and to take a breather. I thought about the bloody 'grounding' session that I had just put my name down for. I wondered what it would be like. I felt a bit scared about it. I contemplated going back and scrubbing my name out. Back in my room I had half an hour before the next session. I surreptitiously checked my phone. I felt naughty and thought better not let Sylvia see me doing that! Nothing from Andy or Tony. I was not surprised. They both thought I was off with the fairies coming here. That I was getting weird. They were both leaving me to it. Leaving me to get all this weird stuff out of my system. Except I increasingly felt that was not going to happen. Maybe it was them I was going to get out of my system. I laid on my bed and closed my eyes. The early start was catching up on me.
All too quickly it was time to return to the temple. During breakfast they had left an updated version of the day's programme in my room. The next session sounded interesting. To be honest everything sounded interesting. I was lapping this all up. Gulping it down. It described this next session as 'the truth about naturism and nudity'. It said that 'in this session we will give you new healthy ways to think about naturism and nudity and dispel many of the modern myths and negative conditioning statements that you have been brought up on.'

Soraya and the Truth About Naturism and Nudity

When I arrived at the temple there was a new woman welcoming us that I had not seen before. She was stunning, tall and thin, aged about mid-forties and had the most amazing long flowing curly red hair that reached half way down her back. She was beautiful and wrapped in a magnificent flowing maroon and mustard coloured Indian sari. She had the most amazing crystal green eyes. She looked ravishing. A veritable goddess. She came across as a bundle of energy just like Sylvia had done.
We were asked to sit down on the floor on a yoga mat around the edge of the temple leaning with our backs against the glass walls. The glass felt a little cold.
The coach introduced herself as Soraya and said that she was going to talk to us about how we are conditioned to view naturism and nudity and the reality. I imagined that Soraya was not her real name but one she had adopted for her spiritual coaching work. She sounded British to me.
She began, "Naturism is not sexual, sensual or erotic; it is natural and spiritual. Think about that statement for a moment."
I did think about it. 'Hmmm! 'I Thought, 'an interesting concept'.
"Naturism-being naked is connection with the earth, connection with the universe. It is freedom, simplicity, minimalism. When you are naked there can be no vanity, narcissism or ego. It is just the basic you and that is it. There is no opportunity to flaunt style or wealth. It is truly back to basics. Nudity is a great leveller, and allows people to connect with absolute equality. You can tell very little about people's circumstances when they are naked. And be under no illusions-everybody has things about their bodies that they do not like. Everybody has a body that, if you like, is both potentially amusing and an embarrassment. I'm going to be saying a little more about this later in this session.
In her introductory talk last night Sylvia began to explain what this retreat is about and our core beliefs at this centre about naturism, spirituality, and mindfulness. I'm going to take this further now and assert that this merger of spiritual intelligence, mindfulness, meditation, and naturism is the ultimate blend of reality and truth of who we really are and can aspire to be. This is where happiness, contentment, joy, and enlightenment are to be found. You need to literally strip away the trappings of western culture and discover the raw essentials of our true existence."
'Hmmm!' I thought. Some bold claims. But really it was just so exciting to be hearing this stuff. After a lifetime of experiencing the urge to strip off, and be naked, being an exhibitionist, here was someone legitimising my behaviour and urges and seeing them as part of something on a higher worthier level. This was a way of thinking that I had intuitively felt was out there but could not quite define it in my head. This ravishing bombshell Soraya was crystallising it for me and a big door was opening up. I knew I was home, where I belonged.
I started to see that I had been confusing my love of being naked and naturist yearnings for a desire to be an exhibitionist, and seen exhibitionism as the outlet for satisfying these urges. But for the first time I was hearing that just maybe the proper channel for my naturism and love of being naked was something else worthier and more virtuous. Maybe I should start to see my love of nudity as a component of being a more spiritual person and as part of practising spiritual sex. I only half understood what Soraya was saying. These were only concepts at this stage. But it was exciting none the less and it felt like a watershed for me- a turning point.
Soraya continued, "Now we use this session as an ice-breaker and to get you into the swing of being naked. After this session we encourage you to spend as much of this retreat naked as you can. You will get the most out of it this way. So as your coach I had better set an example and get the ball rolling."
With that Soraya somehow seemed to unclip her sari and in one movement the whole thing dropped to the floor and there she was standing in front of the group completely naked. She had been wearing nothing underneath the sari. Well actually the only thing she was wearing was some mystic looking chains around her neck that hung down to her navel just above her neatly trimmed triangular red bush. What a perfectly honed olive skinned body she had, complete with a six-pack rack of abdominal muscles. I could not believe my eyes and there was an intake of breath throughout the group. But then I started to think- yeh well it's a talk on naturism, nudity, so why not? And Soraya was clearly a woman who enjoyed being naked. I was starting to love Soraya already. She was my kind of woman. A woman after my own heart. How I would have loved to be her at that moment.
Soraya then laughed," Well you can't give a class on naturism and nudity wearing clothes, can you?"
"Let me remind you that you are doing a very important job being you. You are unique. So what if you are an exhibitionist and enjoy being naked. Nothing wrong with that. So am I and so do I. Love yourself. Embrace being you. I do."
After a brief silence Soraya said, "Right I understand you have not introduced yourselves yet. I want to go around the room and for you just to say the name you wish to be addressed by this week and then in just a few seconds whether you are new to naturism or a lifelong naturist or somewhere in between. Whether you are shy, and embarrassed or comfortable with being naked in front of others. That sort of thing."
The first to speak was a woman who wanted to be known as Shakti. She seemed a confident American woman and had been to this retreat before and was comfortable with nudity. She was keen to explain that her adopted name Shakti meant the personification of divine feminine creative power of something.
Next up was Nahima who had also been before and was also comfortable with nudity. This was her real name and meant, peace and tranquillity apparently.
I did not have an exotic name to offer but neither did most of the group, but obviously I was able to say I was comfortable with nudity.
And it went on like this. As happens in these situations I could not remember all the names, but I did capture another half a dozen or so. I can't remember what everyone said but to summarise there were eight, I think, who had been before and clearly, they were all comfortable with being naked or they would not have come back. I think a couple of the women who had been before claimed to be a bit shy but that would be hard to believe, and they may only have said that because they thought they should. Of the ten who had not been before we broke down as seven women and three guys. Now all three of the guys claimed to be experienced and comfortable with, and unconcerned by nudity. Of the seven women who had not been before (and that included me) only four said that they were shy and nervous about being naked in front of others. Obviously that four did not include me. I love getting naked in front of others as you will know by now but just said that I was a naturist and not shy anymore and left it at that. So, what was to follow was really only for the benefit of just four of the group, and these were all women. But maybe in another week there would be many more participants who were shy about nudity so there would have been more point. But what we were about to do was a hell of a lot of fun anyway, so I had no problem with it and enjoyed it enormously.
The four women who claimed to be modest and a little uncomfortable with nudity were Heather, Ruby, Sarah and Carol and none of them had been before. But I'm not going to list the names of everyone else as it will hard work for you dear reader to remember them all and unnecessary.
Soraya carried on as ifallof the group were shy about nudity and intended this session to be an ice breaker anyway.
"I want to ask you some questions as a group. Who here has things about their body that they would like to change? Put your hand up if that applies to you".
There was much embarrassed laughing, and everybody put their hand up straight away with the exception of one guy. That was a guy called Victor who had said he was seventy. I suppose by that age thankfully you really do stop worrying about such things.
Soraya said, " That is a pretty normal response every time we run this retreat. But I want to ask you this. In your whole lives of undressing in front of new lovers and partners has anyone ever looked at you and turned you down? Has anyone ever laughed at you or insulted you or spurned you when they got to see you in all your glory? Put your hand up if that has happened to you?"
Not a single hand went up.
"Exactly. If someone is about to have some fun with you and you're both excited and thinking life is good, no one is ever going to spurn you. People are forever worrying about their looks, and weight and shape and it is all absurd. And you girls do not believe that men lust after the stick insect bony model types promoted by the media. They don't. Men generally like real women with curves. Sex should be fun whether you are confident about your body or not. Everybody looks different and are different sizes and shapes and thank goodness for that. What a boring world it would be if that were not so. None of it matters. Just have fun with it."
Soraya paused for a moment considering where to go with this next. Then she said, "I want you to see your bodies in a new light. It is your home where you live. It has been faithful and loyal to you your whole life, carrying you around, giving you pleasure and fun. It deserves your appreciation, recognition and respect. Not your disdain and dissatisfaction. Love your body and it will love you in return. And those of you who are mothers it has been an amazing vehicle that has produced the miracle of your children. Your body is perfect and yours and yours alone."
She continued with a serious tone, "You should never judge someone else's body. All bodies are equally beautiful, and we should accept everybody literally; thin, large, young, old, tall, short, firm, saggy, disabled. Everybody".
There was silence for a few seconds while she let that message sink in.
She then lightened up, put a smile on her face like she was looking forward to this and said, "Right we are now going to play some games. In this box there are pairs of eye shades of the type you get on planes. Please take a pair and return to you mat, sit down and put them on."
We all did as we were told. "OK, is everyone now blind?"
We all murmured that we were.
Soraya continued, " Right I want you all to stand up in your spots and undress completely. Everything off please and I know you cannot see but just do your best to pile your clothes on your mats."
I was only wearing my cotton robe. I had no underwear on. I never got to see what the others had on under their robes.
"Now I am going to ask you how you feel now? Is there anyone who feels shy or inhibited or embarrassed?"
No one spoke or said anything at all.
"No of course you don't. You see how illogical it all is. You're naked anyway but no longer shy!"
"There is nothing perverted about being naked. It is completely natural. The most natural thing in the world."
She waited a couple of minutes which seemed like forever and then said, " Right, now I want you all to walk slowly and carefully towards my voice in the centre of the temple. When you make contact with someone else, I want you to cuddle them and speak to them. Reach out to them as a new friend."
I walked slowly towards her voice and eventually came up against another person. At first, I did not know whether they were male of female. I cuddled them closely. This was a bloody good game I thought. A hell of an ice breaker. I then felt a prick wobbling against my stomach and knew that my first catch had been a guy. He said, "Hi! I'm Mark. Lovely to meet you."
I replied, "I'm Rachel. This is my first stay here." I thought why on earth did I say that? I remember Mark had said he had been before.
Soraya said, "I now want you to move from one person to the next cuddling and welcoming as many different people as you can in the next five minutes. Don't forget to honour them and greet them in your own words. Be yourselves. Be authentic."
My first partner seemed reluctant to throw me back into the water. He was enjoying himself. His arms were around me holding me tight as if I might escape and his hands gradually slipped down to holding my bottom. I found this whole situation funny and held him tighter too, and said, "Lovely to meet you too and to connect with you."
Yes, I know that sounded naff, but it was the best I could come up with. Anyway, I thought we had spent enough time running our hands over each other. It is funny how much more you do this when you are blindfolded than you would if you were able to see each other. It does allow you to be much more forward and uninhibited.
I pulled away from my first partner with a final, "Thank you", and moved literally one step and found myself in the enthusiastic embrace of someone else. They said to me, "I give you my love and positive energy."
I could tell from her voice it was a woman. She sounded like she had done this sort of thing before. I submitted, myself to her attentions. Her hands ran softly and expertly over my skin and she ran her fingers through my hair. This was fun I thought. I let her take the lead. She held my hands and squeezed them. Then she ran her hands over my breasts. I could not believe how much cheekier people were when we could not see each other. One of her hands stopped over my heart and she held her outstretched palm firmly on my left breast over my heart. She said, "I feel your energy. My name is Shakti."
I noticed she had an American accent and remembered who she was. I had noticed her before. I remembered she was the woman who had changed her name. She had been before to this retreat and was an experienced seeker on the spiritual path. This was the reason she had changed her name. I replied, "Hi! I'm Rachel. I feel you too."
I felt safe and comfortable in her hands and embrace. I was happy to stay with her for the next five minutes, but she threw me back into the pool with a final, "Peace and love to you Rachel".
I lasted on my own for no more than three seconds before I was in another embrace. I knew straight away this was another guy. He held me close with his arms around my neck like we were going to have a smooch. I felt his semi hard prick moving across my groin and tummy. I said my usual, "Lovely to meet you. I'm Rachel."
The guy chuckled. "I thought it was you Rach. I recognised you straight away. Are you enjoying yourself?" It was my tantric masseur, Joshua.
I wondered which particular part of me Joshua had recognised! Joshua knows every millimetre of my body intimately and I have spent many blissful hours subjected to his skilful attentions. So today he would feel entitled and authorised to touch me wherever he fancied. And he did. He put his hands down around my back and held me tight and then one of his hands slid around my hip and stomach in between us and caressed my mound. He knew he did not have long and needed to move fast. He then pressed his palm firmly against my mound and held me tighter with his other arm. I could understand that after all the intimate time we had spent together he would have felt almost obliged to give me a top up dose like this. He was behaving a bit proprietorial! It seemed appropriate. He has given me so much sublime pleasure in the past. He can play my body with perfection like a musical instrument. No one would have been able to see anyway. His hand slipped between my legs and he cupped my crotch. At one point one of his fingers slid down between the moist lips of my vagina. I held him all the tighter grateful for his familiar touch. I could not help but smile at the outrageousness of it. I knew I had to move on as it would only ever get harder to stop. After longer than we should have lingered I reluctantly pulled away and found myself immediately in the arms of another woman.
A less confident voice trembled, "Hello. It's Sarah. Who are you?"
I think Sarah thought she was playing a game of blind man's buff! Sweet!
I replied, "I'm Rachel, Sarah. Don't think we have met before. But we have now!" I chuckled and so did she. Sarah delicately put her arm around me and asked, "Is this alright?"
I replied, It's fine. It's nice. How are you about all this? I think you said you were shy about taking your clothes off. Is this working for you?"
Sarah giggled, "I think so. Don't know yet. Can't see anything! But it is fun, and I am enjoying it here".
I said, "That is the main thing. Just relax and go with it. You will be fine."
I pulled her close and gave her a hug. I then gave her a kiss on the lips actually. I don't know why. Just seemed like the thing to do at the time. It was obviously welcome as Sarah responded by kissing me back on the lips. She was certainly pleased to receive the attention and assurance that this closeness offered.
This is how it carried on. In all I must have embraced with about half of them by the time Soraya brought this to an end.
"OK now for the moment of truth," Soraya said, "I want you all to now remove your eye shades."
We all did what we were told looking a bit quizzically at each other.
"Anyone still feeling shy or embarrassed?"
Nobody admitted it if they did. It was dead quiet.
Right now, I want you all to walk around slowly staring as hard as you can at everyone else. I also want you to point at other people and look them in the eyes. Be as rude and indiscrete as you like in staring at each other. I want you to keep doing this for at least five minutes. Study anyone as close up as you want.
This was the first time that I had really seen the others naked properly. As a woman you always compare yourself to the other women -you cannot help it. Are they fatter, bigger? Are they prettier? I scanned the other eleven women (other than the goddess Soraya) and thought I compared pretty well and felt better about myself. At least half of them were plumper than me. I suppose this was exactly the kind of absurd thoughts that this game was intended to make us question. I briefly felt a little ashamed at the predictability of my thoughts.
We all started to do what Soraya had asked. It was a free for all. Oh, how ridiculous it seemed. How absolutely absurd and I guess that was the point of doing it. To reinforce how ridiculous, it is to be interested in, or obsess about, what other people look like without clothes. To be honest it got boring very quickly. Soraya knew it would.
"OK you see how boring that becomes very quickly. Now is anyone still a little uncomfortable about standing around naked? Well just in case, we are going to do some more games without our clothes on. Trust me we are going to have some fun. The first one is we are going to dance. I want you to do a dance that will require you to concentrate and completely forget about the fact you have no clothes on."
Soraya started the music. It was the bloody Macarena.
Everyone burst out laughing.
"Everyone know it? If you don't just copy what I do".
With that Soraya turned up the volume on the audio system in the corner and it burst into that unmistakeable compulsive beat of the Macarena, Now I love this dance and know it well so I immediately got into the moves and of course Soraya leapt into action with the joy, glee, enthusiasm, and finesse that I would have predicted.
Boy did that break the ice. Everyone was laughing and throwing themselves into it totally and no one was in the slightest conscious or concerned about being undressed anymore, which was of course the point. It was a riot. We all knew there and then we were going to have a hell of a week. It was going to be such an experience.
Soraya was not finished yet. When we reached the end of the Macarena, we all were out of breath and gasping. Soraya laughed and said, "Right before you have a rest, I want you to stand and shout. Let out all your frustration and aggression. All your anger. Just shout anything you like. And I want you to shake at the same time. Shake your whole body wildly until I say stop. I'm giving a prize for the most energetic shake.
It was a relief when Soraya brought this to an end and told us we could lie down on our mats. We all breathed a sigh of relief and looked forward to some nice relaxation. We were disappointed!
"Right the final task is to move your mat into some space and lie down on it on your backs again and lift your legs and arms into the air as high as you can and kick and throw your arms about. I want you to pretend to be stuck on your backs and you cannot get up like a stranded turtle or tortoise."
Nobody argued. We all meekly complied and did what we were told! Everyone was well past caring about the fact that they were nude, and all dignity was lost. I am sure that no one cared about being naked by the end of all that. Everybody followed the instruction blindly to kick their legs in the air with gusto and gay abandon. It is amazing what you can persuade people to do that normally would be so alien. Legs were flailing around, spread far apart, and all modesty was abandoned. The treatment had worked on everybody. Not that I had ever needed any in the first place. They had all become exhibitionists just like me!
Soraya was pleased with us all and asked us at last to stop and just lie still on our mats and to relax and close our eyes. She said, "I want to finish this session with a few final truths for you to remember.
"I want to finish by emphasising again that naturism is not about being sexual. It is merely just relaxing and being in the way nature intended. But naturism helps with gaining confidence about your body, and body confidence can help with sexual confidence. But you should not associate naturism with sex. Casual nakedness is not sexual and is not presented in a sexual way and therefore does not feel sexual or necessarily lead to sexual activity. Nudity is only sexual when it is presented as such. There are some situations that are sexual and some that are not. But we have to accept that under current laws and conventions we can for now only be naked in our homes, a spa, or private places, clubs or designated zones e.g. beaches. We might not like it, but were we to walk naked down the street we could be arrested, or assaulted or taken away in an ambulance for being mentally ill. That is just how it is in our society at the moment. So, for the rest of this retreat, at least, embrace and love your body and boldly wear your nakedness with confidence. Enjoy and have fun."
Boy what a session! We all clapped Soraya with a passion. She had had given us all a boost and a lift and helped everybody see naturism in a much more realistic and healthy way.

My First Naked Yoga Session

After a coffee break, we regrouped for naked yoga! Now I do a fair bit of yoga but never before naked! Soraya presented this session again, and without any prompting we all laid down on our yoga mats au naturel. Soraya briefly told us that nude yoga has been practiced since ancient times especially in e.g. India and Greece. Yoga, for those who know little about it, combines mindfulness with stretching and posture. Nudity including during yoga has often been seen as part of spiritual practice. Nudity was considered a way of rejecting the material side of life. They practiced naked yoga to tame their desires, identify with their physical bodies and to break the attachment with everything physical, and material. Modern naked yoga is practiced in e.g. German, Switzerland, London, New York and Los Angeles. There are a surprising number of places that you can go now for nude yoga courses. Being naked during yoga creates a feeling of freedom and is a way of connecting more deeply with the body. The skin is the largest sensual organ in the body and letting it feel the cool or warm air around it is a nourishing, enlivening and liberating experience. Yoga teaches us that we are all one -- that we are all divine, love, and spiritual and without clothes, without labels, we are all equal.
However, this was not to be another session with a lot of teaching but was more about a serious and proper yoga session. So, without further ado we were into the familiar poses and stretches. We started with the gentle relaxing corpse and prayer poses but then had an hour of all the usual warrior, lunge, plank, cow, bridge positions etc. It was hard work as anyone who does yoga will know. But doing it naked did make it a lot of fun for me. It is just unbelievably liberating, exhilarating and emancipating somehow. You would not think it would make much difference, but it does. It very soon starts to feel very natural indeed. At first yes you see people staring at each other but that soon becomes boring and the fascination quickly wears off.
The end of the yoga session signalled the start of the first grounding session. Sylvia arrived to lead the session and those that that wanted left for a quick loo break.

The First Grounding Session

Sylvia introduced the session by saying, "OK we are now going to have our first grounding session. As I said at breakfast these groundings are a central element of the healing process at our retreats. I know they may sound a little daunting at first to the uninitiated. These are sessions where we ask you to present yourself to the group one at a time as a prelude to your workshops here. This is a very powerful tool that you should try to embrace with an open mind. Those of you who have not been before are strongly recommended to go through this process but any of you who have been before and would like to do it again are also very welcome. There are ten of you on this retreat for the first time and I am pleased to say that all but one of you have elected to go through it. So, we are going to try to fit five in today and the other four tomorrow. It is perfectly fine to choose not to. None of you who have been before have asked to do it again. I hope that does not mean you found it too terrible! Put your hands up those who have been before."
They did and Sylvia asked, "It was not too awful was it? I hope you found it helped you?"
Shakti, Amy and Mark were the most vocal in saying that they had found it positive and helpful. But no one said that they had not liked it. The others all nodded approvingly. I wondered who it was who had declined to have one on this retreat.
"The way these grounding sessions work is this. We will ask you to sit at the front on our grounding bench. You can then in your own words and in your own time layout how you feel about your life at the moment, and tell us about your sexual, emotional and love life situation, and about your worries, and problems. You can be totally frank and honest with us and the more open and truthful you are the more successful, powerful and therapeutic you will find the process. In reality you are not telling us; you are actually telling yourself and bringing to an end those personal emotional problems over which you are in denial. It is by doing this that we can throw off unwanted unhelpful beliefs, and behaviours that are holding us back. I do not have to tell you what you need to change. Through this cathartic process your sub conscious listens to your conscious account of your feelings about your life and the harmful beliefs and behaviours that need purging become obvious and readily apparent without anyone pointing them out. You have to go through this uncomfortable process where you face the issues that are holding you back in your personal, emotional, and maybe love life in order to come out the other side in a much better place free to move on.
Another way to imagine this is like running a virus check on your lap top. We are going to reboot you! Give your operating system a clean-up! Reinitialise you! Each person generally takes about thirty minutes as the process is quite intense. This time is divided into approximately fifteen minutes of you sharing your situation with the rest of us, followed by fifteen minutes of receiving the love and positive energy of the group."
We all sat around the edge of the temple on our yoga mats. Sylvia began by reminding us what an important part of the programme the grounding session was considered to be for those that had not been on one of the retreats before. She reiterated that by going through this you will get the most benefit out of this retreat in self-improvement and personal development. The grounding sessions were positioned as sacred ceremonies and it was made clear that we should treat them with a great deal of reverence. We were all agog and it was deathly quiet. I felt really alert and intensely curious at what was about to happen.
Sylvia said that during the retreat there were going to be nine grounding sessions for the people who had not been before. At that moment I wish that I had declined! Sylvia announced that the first 'victim' was to be Heather. Heather gave a little nervous wave to the group. It was obvious that she knew she had been picked to go first and must have agreed to it. I was sure as hell, glad it was not me. Sylvia then said that the grounding sessions can be a little tense for all concerned and that for them to work best it was a tradition for everyone to begin with a glass of Shiva's relaxing fruit cocktail. She invited us all to come forward to receive a glass. It was a starting to seem a bit like a Holy Communion. We all settled back down with our glasses and Heather was invited to come to sit on the grounding 'bench' at the front next to Sylvia. The grounding bench turned out to be more like a single mattress on a low wooden frame like a futon covered with a colourful Indian design blanket. Sylvia placed her hand on Heather's forehead and said that Heather was being very brave by agreeing to go first and invited the rest of us to give her a clap. We did and Heather smiled nervously and looked like she was going to break out in tears already. This all felt very intense and a bit voyeuristic and I remained to be convinced that such an awkward and uncomfortable experience could possibly be helpful. I contemplated removing my name from the list as I expect the others did as well at that point.
Sylvia rang the meditation bowel and asked Heather to begin talking about herself.
She started nervously but soon got into the swing of it. However, she became increasingly upset and distraught. Heather lived in Southampton, was 38, and had no children. She worked as a junior school teacher. She had been married for 15 years but now her husband was playing away and for the last five years the 'physical side of her marriage had dried up.' Another male teacher at her school was showing her interest. She was not sure how to respond. She was also depressed because she had put on so much weight.
By the end of her throwing it all out there which actually only took about five minutes she was sobbing her heart out. I thought not a bad haul of problems for the first victim!
Sylvia comforted her and then asked her to lie down and receive the love of the group. Heather did lie down and calm down a little. Sylvia invited us all to gather around Heather. What happened next was pretty amazing and dramatic. And indeed, this was the pattern for all the groundings that followed. Dear reader rather than tell you about what happened next to Heather I would prefer to tell you about what happened in my own grounding session a little later. All the grounding sessions followed a similar pattern anyway.
I would say that the emotional problems that the others shared with the group were shocking and prolific. If you ever wanted evidence that we are all screwed up in some way; that we are all screwballs, then this was it. Everyone is a mess in their own way. I was much less worried about putting myself out there now when the time came. There were some who had been abused as children by their father, some abused by their brothers and some by teachers. There were those who were unloved, those whose partner was unfaithful, and some who could not find a partner at all. One woman aged 42 who I will not name had never had a partner and was still a virgin! Many of the woman hated how they looked and felt fat. One woman was stick thin and anorexic. One woman even hated the appearance of her vagina for God's sake. It was sheer carnage

The First Evening Meditation

On Monday evening after supper at just after eight o'clock we all marched off to the temple as instructed. There was no time to return to our bedrooms beforehand. I could not believe this was only the second evening, that we had only been there just over 24 hours, so much had happened. When we arrived, we were greeted by Shiva again and the format was very similar to the morning session. I have to say though that it did turn out to be equally sublime. Everybody walked in, took a yoga mat, and then stripped off completely without being asked leaving their clothes in a heap by the side. By the start of the meditation Shiva had his eighteen disciples all lying naked on their yoga mats fully receptive to his relaxing messages. It was clever how they arranged the timings of these meditations to coincide with sunrise and sunset and equally inspired how they had designed this temple so that the sun would stream in from one side and later the other through the glass walls.

My Grounding Session

On Tuesday when I awoke all I could think about was that my grounding session was going to happen at some point that day. I was pretty nervous about it I can tell you. I could not believe that this was only my second full day here. I felt like I had already been here a week. Anyway, the day began as usual with the morning meditation. I dressed just in the thick fluffy white robe and nothing else with increasing confidence that I was starting to get to know the ropes.
When I sat down at breakfast, I noticed with satisfaction that as my knee separated the bottom of my robe, my leg was revealed right up to just below my hip. Similarly, as I leant forward the loose V exposed the sides of my breasts and cleavage. I was going to love having a licence to legitimately dress like this all week.
Over breakfast Sylvia came in again with her usual comments on the programme for the day. One thing she said though was that she was sorry that so far, she had forgotten to tell us that the centre was lucky enough to have its own resident spiritual masseur with us this week. When she introduced him, this turned out to be none other than Joshua. I was not sitting with Joshua this morning and he briefly stood up and smiled at the rest of the group although everyone knew him by now. We could apparently book an appointment with him should we wish to partake and then settle up with him directly. It seems that Joshua was a participant on the retreat, and an assistant, and was also offering a massage service! He is a busy man! But knowing Joshua I could see why they would have been delighted to have him involved and would be happy for him to make some extra income on the side. I knew first hand exactly what a massage from Joshua would be like and I have to be honest at that moment I know it is ridiculous but I actually felt jealous! I felt quite proprietorial and possessive about Joshua; he was my masseur, my secret. It was as if we had something going which we did not - at least not then anyway.
The Tuesday programme was filled with a mix of yoga, and stretching, and more grounding sessions. We also had a talk on meditation techniques and an actual meditation after lunch. My own grounding session was arranged to happen as the last session of the day after the evening meditation at about 9 o'clock in the evening. I would have preferred it to happen much earlier as I was consigned to worry about it all day. This retreat was very intense and tiring and by that time of night I was exhausted and worried that I would be falling asleep. But they had to fit in nine of them as early as they could in the programme so they had little choice but to cram them into the first three days. Mine was actually the last that day and the final one was arranged for the next morning.
So, when it finally arrived, we stayed in the temple after the evening meditation and Sylvia arrived and invited me to come forward for my grounding. She thanked everybody for agreeing to carry on so late in the evening. The grounding bench was hastily dragged out and positioned at the front. Everyone was invited to take a glass of the relaxing fruit juice but we had already had three grounding sessions that day so we had drunk several glasses of the stuff already. So, everyone was already feeling very relaxed and to be honest these grounding sessions were very entertaining and interesting and compelling (at least when it is someone else who is the victim). When did you ever get such a graphic window on another human being's innermost and most intimate problems and personal life? I was tired of waiting and just wanted to get started now and get it over with. When Sylvia gave me my drink it was actually in a special large goblet about three times the size of everyone else's. I had not noticed before that the victim being grounded was given an extra-large measure. I never did know what was in this stuff, but it did make you more relaxed and spaced out. I think I could taste some sort of spirit in it. I went meekly to my fate with no resistance and sat of the bench in my robe with my legs up in a V in front of me and drank the goblet.
It was dark now and the lights in the temple were dimmed right down so the glass walls were reflecting the little soft lighting that remained. It was without doubt a profound experience. I wondered what the next half hour held for me. Sylvia asked me to talk about myself and my spiritual and sexual life and 'share my world' with the group'. She invited me in my own words to lay out how I felt l about my life at the moment, and to describe my sex, emotional and love life, and to describe my worries, and problems. She reminded me that the more totally frank and honest and open and truthful I was the more successful, powerful and therapeutic I would find the process. But by now I knew all this from watching the others who had gone before me, and had obviously been rehearsing in my mind what I would say.
Sylvia hit the meditation bowl which was the signal to start. As the melodic note sang out Sylvia placed her hand on my forehead again and invited me to start. I felt incredibly nervous at that point. My extra-large goblet of juice had not had time to work yet. It all came out much more jumbled and unstructured than I had rehearsed. I told them about how now I had become so focussed on exploring and following a path of spiritual intelligence. I told them about my complicated love life and how I had two partners in a polyamorous relationship. I told them about how confused I was about what I really wanted for me and felt trapped in my current situation. I told them about how having two 'husbands' had driven my first and real husband, who I had loved and loved me, into the arms of my new lovers' wife.
I told them about how I had always been driven to exhibitionism and did not really understand why and what was wrong with me. I told them that my exhibitionism had got me into trouble and some undesirable situations, and that I had been taken advantage of on more than one occasion. In truth I was more culpable than that, but I did not want to admit that. In tears, I told them about the incident on the beach on a Greek island in the Ionian. I told them that I was drunk and taken advantage of- raped really, by three guys, although that was not entirely truthful about what had occurred. How that had changed my life and made me feel cheap and a whore ever since. It had also changed my relationship with my husband. I thought these were exactly the sort of demons that the process demanded me to air and expose.
I told them about my insecurities about my relationships with my grown-up children. Dear reader I hope you will understand that this was an extremely personal and intimate experience and what was said inside that retreat is supposed to stay in the retreat. You already know a huge amount about me and my personal life, if you have read some of my previous stories, and I do want to say much more here about what I told them. It is all too painful and personal. But be assured that I told them that I felt such a mess and my behaviour in the grounding session would have confirmed that! To be honest at all the previous groundings it had been de rigueur to become very distressed and upset as it all comes tumbling out to the group and I was to be no exception. Suffice to say that I fell apart sobbing my heart out. I put it all out there for them to see.
I got to a point where I was too upset to continue but by then they had heard the main reasons why my life is a mess and what a mixed-up woman I am underneath. More importantly I had heard it all too and that is exactly how this 'therapy' was supposed to work. I was crying hysterically and rolled over onto my side and curled up in a ball like a child. I would have liked to just cry myself to sleep at that moment.
Now what followed was a very profound and amazing experience. What happened in all the grounding sessions had followed a similar format and so I knew roughly what to expect next but what I did not know was how intense that was going to feel and how reaffirming it would be for my confidence.
Sylvia leant over and said to me that I was perfect. That I was exactly as I should be. I was exactly as I was meant to be. That I should not feel guilty. That I was on my path, being me, living my life. That I was 'pure'. That I had to go through everything exactly as it happened to be who and what I am today.
After a little time with Sylvia stroking my hair and forehead she said, "Do you feel able to sit up now and receive the love of the group?"
Receiving the love of the group had been what these grounding sessions had been about, so I knew this phase was coming. I slowly sat up on the bench (which I remind you was more like a single bed) still sobbing. I used my fingers to clear some of my tears. I could feel the sweat on my brow. I heard everyone getting up and moving to surround me which was how these sessions worked. I reluctantly opened my eyes and looked at them all smiling at me lovingly.
I felt so completely vulnerable like a young child. The tears all welled up again and I sobbed hard. Under Sylvia's direction I was being 'honoured' and 'loved' by the group. Shakti took one of my hands and held it and then Lesley took the other. The group were crowded around me stroking my hair. I was pleased to see that Soraya had come in and joined them. One of the guys, Andrew, took hold of one of my feet and started to stroke it. Another guy, Mark picked up my other foot and began stroking it. They removed my sandals and cradled and stroked my feet. They gently stroked my forehead, and hair. I knew what would happen next and knew that I would love it. Sylvia began removing my arms from my robe, and pulling it slowly down off my shoulders. The group carefully stripped me of my robe and then laid me back down on my back naked on the bench. I closed my eyes and felt their hands and hair flowing over my skin.
Sylvia repeated, "Feel the love and support of all of your friends here. You are loved. You are alright. You are OK. You are perfect. Be easy on yourself. Accept yourself. Be natural with yourself. Be who you really are. Make friends with yourself. Be in love with yourself. Love yourself Rachel. Love yourself."
Some of the group were now saying like a chant, "We love you Rachel."
I remained with my eyes firmly closed and felt their hands sliding over me, their lips kissing me all over.
Sylvia said, "Give yourself to our love Rachel. Feel our love and connection. We give you our positive support and energy. We give you our compassion and immerse you in our loving kindness. Accept the redemption and healing from the group."
Shakti was repeating, "We bathe you in our love. We adore you Rachel. You are lovely Rachel. You are lovely, lovely perfect Rachel."
I opened my eyes and attempted a grateful smile. It was clear they were submerging me in their love, and kindness and unconditional approval. It was as you can imagine a wondrous emotional blissful experience. My heart surged with love for them all. I saw a sea of faces surrounding me. They were all looking at me intently and concerned like I was a seriously ill patient. Maybe that is how they saw me. They were bathing me in their adoration and love.
Sylvia bent over to kiss me lovingly on the lips and not just a peck but for a few seconds. This was the signal to the group to open the flood gates. She said in my ear, "Feel the love Rachel. Love yourself. You are truly beautiful and perfect Rachel. You are free. Your spirit is free and pure."
I knew this was going to be a profound life changing experience that I would never forget.
What followed some readers will see only as sexual and depraved but please dear reader believe me that it was not. It was something very different. Very sensual and intimate yes but much more emotional than sexual. I look back on it as something profoundly sacred.
I felt their lips, their hands, their fingers gliding all over me and caressing me. I felt overcome and overwhelmed and began sobbing again with my eyes closed. Sylvia said, "Let it go Rachel, let it go. Let it all out."
Several of the others copied her and were chanting softly, "Let it go Rachel", over and over again.
As I lay there Sylvia placed a folded towel over my eyes. It was dark anyway and definitely an advantage of having your grounding at night. Maybe just one or two of them at first softly ran their hands over my tummy and then down over my breasts and my thighs. This built up to a stampede, a tsunami of touch, and hands were running over my inner thighs and vagina. They gently parted my legs. Sylvia must have been aware of what was happening and this must have all been considered part of the process. She must have approved and condoned this intimate touching by everyone. I felt delicate and careful fingers delving inside me. I could feel I was really wet down there. They never hurt me once despite the intensity of their assault on my senses. I began to wriggle and writhe in pleasure still sobbing as I gave myself completely to their loving care and kindness. I lifted by bum up with my legs in a V to give, whoever it was, better access to play with me. I knew I should not be so wanton probably but that is an automatic reaction is it not? It is with me anyway. I was in a completely powerless submissive state. I kept my eyes closed and had no idea who was inside me. I preferred not to know. It did not matter as I knew this was a group of like-minded friends many of whom were to become part of my life going forward in ways that I did not yet know. The probing and touching had got this intimate in some of the previous groundings before though, so I was not the first. I suppose you attract it depending on how you respond. I was reminded of that night in the hotel room with the six boys on the training course that I wrote about inRachel Reveals MoreandRachel Reveals Allwhen I was intimately fondled and massaged by a group on a bed. What was happening to me this time though was like that but with so many more participants and with a more worthy and noble objective. To heal me.
I remember not wanting to cum in front of them all. I resolved not to orgasm in such a public setting. But it was a vain hope. I had no control whatsoever over what was happening. They could have cut my heart out and sacrificed me to the gods like some ancient pagan ceremony. I could have done nothing about it. I could have been ceremoniously taken by the village cult leader with everyone chanting! But instead of all that I could just feel an orgasm approaching with all the attention I was receiving. I kept involuntarily repeating, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming," as it approached. When I approach orgasm I say, "I'm cumming," in a sort of pathetic submissive way that says, 'Don't stop, don't stop', but also says, 'don't worry, I will not resist. I will obey. I will surrender myself obediently to the sword of orgasm." When I actually started to orgasm, it changed to incoherent cries of pleasure-a sort of, "Errrgh, Errrgh, Errrgh" from deep in my throat. And then I announced my final capitulation loudly with a final, "I'm cumming. I'm cumming," and I really was this time. My crying quickly changed to real hysterical crying and emotional release. As I writhed and heaved around in submissive ecstasy, they firmly restrained me to prevent me falling off the mattress. Throughout all of this time Sylvia was saying to me and the group things like, "Let your shame go Rachel, let your regrets go Rachel, let your guilt go Rachel. You are now free Rachel. We release you."
The group were repeating what Sylvia said.
My grounding was both heaven and hell at the same time. Hell because of the pain of confronting the denial of my chaotic, out of control, life and insecurities, and heaven because of the overwhelming physical pleasure, love, support, approval and affirmation I was receiving from this group of kindred spirits. I was getting a real taste as to what spiritual sex was about. This all carried on for ages until I was visibly exhausted with writhing and wriggling and becoming unresponsive. Please dear reader, do not see this as anything sordid or depraved. It was overwhelmingly beautiful and sacred. This was truly a spiritual experience and a day that I will never forget. I just hoped the healing process worked for me.
Sylvia then began to close the session speaking on behalf of all of them wishing me well in my journey of spiritual exploration and discovery and once again showering the love and positive energy of the group on me. She struck the meditation bowl signalling everybody to softly and quietly drift away.
I was left in the temple with just Sylvia and interestingly Joshua stayed behind. I felt bewildered, dazed, confused, and overwhelmed. I sat up just sobbing and incoherent. I did not know what I felt really. Had this process been good for me? I had no idea. Sylvia assured me that it would be and I would feel the benefit and be re-energised, cleansed, and free tomorrow. She said that we have to break you down to rebuild you or something like that. I could not respond. I was completely physically and emotionally drained. The two of them helped me to my feet and put my robe back on. I sat on the edge of the bench and they each put one of my sandals back on.
I mumbled to them, "I do not want to see anybody else again tonight. Please just help me back to my room."
They complied without any further comment. They knew I was unreceptive to any more discussion or persuasion. They walked me slowly back to my room each holding an arm to support me. On the way I passed some of the group. They just tried to give me a reassuring smile. They could see I was visibly shaken. Nobody spoke to me thank God. In fact, before the groundings had commenced yesterday Sylvia had said that no one should discuss anyone else's grounding with them afterwards unless they brought it up. When I got to my room, I asked Joshua to come in and just see I was alright for a moment. I knew him well enough to ask and better than Sylvia who I did not wish to see anymore that night. Joshua was very happy to look after me and Sylvia disappeared after recommending that I try and get a good rest. When I shut my bedroom door with just Joshua in the room it was such a relief after the overwhelming intensity of what I had been through. I collapsed on the bed and curled up in a ball sobbing.

Solace and Comfort with Joshua

Joshua sat next to me on my bed and tried to put his arm around me and give me a cuddle. I really needed that. He held me for what seemed ages while I sobbed. I did not know specifically what I was upset about really. Just in a state of shock I suppose.
Joshua kept trying to calm me down by telling me it would all be alright; that this reaction was normal. Joshua said it was how the grounding process worked. Joshua also began to stroke my head and forehead. I was enjoying it and it was helping calm me down. The last thing I felt ready, willing or able to do was discuss what I had just been through.
After a while Joshua asked, "Would it help you do you think if I gave you a little calming massage?"
I was not expecting that, and it took me by surprise. I thought about it and decided that it might but if he was going to massage me it had to be as a friend and not as a bloody professional service. I had, as you know, had a few massages from Joshua and we knew each other well and I considered him a friend already.
I chuckled and replied a bit bluntly, "That would be lovely but I am not paying you for it."
Joshua looked hurt and said, "Of course not. That was not what I was saying. It is up to you. Just offering."
I knew I had offended him. I said, "I'm sorry. I did not mean that. It would be lovely Please do. I think it might help me recover."
I turned over onto my front and closed my eyes. Joshua went back to his room briefly and came back with some oil. He started by raising up my robe at the bottom and massaging my feet and legs. I was so familiar with his routine but I was too tired and exhausted for it to go on for an hour or more.
I said, "Joshua, I am so knackered. Can I just have a shortened version please. Just go for it."
So, Joshua progressed quickly up my legs and thighs. I hastened it along then myself by undoing my robe and taking it off completely. I laid back down on my front naked again eager for the familiar pleasure of Joshua's magical touch. Joshua quickly advanced to some long flowing strokes that travelled the whole length of my body down my back, over my buttocks and down my legs. He was careful to keep it all proper and not wander into anywhere too intimate. After a few minutes I turned over myself onto my back before he asked me too. I was taking the lead.
I said, "That was lovely. Now a bit on my front please."
Joshua was standing by the side of the bed now and began massaging my front starting on my legs again and then up my sides. I was still in a daze. But I needed comfort and this felt nice and was helping. He was avoiding massaging my breasts and pubic area. I do not know why as he had never held back before! He was not sure what I wanted, I suppose, and was behaving as a professional. I just needed a friend though tonight. After a few strokes I grabbed his hand and clamped it firmly against my vagina and held it there. I needed to feel his magic touch, and to be honest I still felt stimulated and aroused from the intimate attention I had received during my grounding.
Joshua switched to his usual technique of an all over intimate full body treatment albeit a shortened version. I raised my head onto another pillow to lift my head up and closed my eyes again whilst Joshua did his magical stuff. I made it clear that more internal probing and frigging would definitely be very welcome. You would have thought that after the momentous orgasm I had just had at the end of my grounding I would have had enough but sadly not. I was still aroused as hell.
So, there I was again lifting my bum up off the bed wantonly and squirming around. I was in a funny state after my grounding. Just wanted to feel something, I think. Not to feel numb and dazed anymore from the ordeal. Things were moving very fast as I wanted and needed them to do. I clasped Joshua's wrist again hard so that practically his whole hand was inside me. I started sobbing again. Boy I was in a mess that night. Joshua was doing his best working frantically on my clit and inside my vagina.
I was desperate to cum again but could not get there. After a few more minutes, I grabbed his hand again and looked into his eyes and said, "Joshua I need to feel you next to me tonight. I cannot sleep alone tonight. Please would you stay with me and look after me just tonight as a friend. Please don't leave me on my own." I sounded pathetic and helpless.
Joshua looked very surprised. He knew this could or would change our relationship, but I was not thinking about that. I just needed comforting and some solace. I did not know if Joshua had a partner and if he did what the relationship was. If he did have a partner, I prayed he could forget them tonight.
Thankfully Joshua said, "OK I will stay with you if you think it would help."
I climbed out of the bed and put my arms on Joshua's hips and gave him a peck on the lips. I am not sure if I had ever kissed him on the lips before, only ever on the cheeks when I was greeting him.
"Thank you, Joshua."
I went for a quick pee and then climbed back into my bed under the duvet.
Joshua also had a pee and slipped off his robe. I was surprised to see that he was wearing pants underneath his robe. He slid into bed beside me still in his underpants. I turned out the light and said, "Thank you for staying with me and not leaving me alone."
He felt lovely and warm and cosy next to me and I loved his masculine slightly sweaty fragrance after a long and busy day.
He gave me a peck and said, "Sleep well Rachel. You will feel better in the morning."
I knew he had always liked me. He was behaving like a professional and a gentleman. After a couple of minutes in the dark I wriggled around and put my lips to his to see what response I would get. I was not disappointed. We kissed passionately for a while and I snuggled up to him, our fronts touching, and wriggled against him. I could feel his erect penis through his pants pressing against me. Thewarmth of his body felt so cosy.
After a minute or two I said to him, "I have to say I am very surprised to see that you are wearing pants under your robe. This is supposed to be a naturist retreat. Didn't you know? I thought you told Soraya that you weren't shy!" and with that using both hands, I pulled his pants down to release his prick. It was rock hard and I grasped it and gave it a gentle tug. I thought that would focus his attention.
I said, "Joshua I need you to make love to me. I don't want any foreplay. I am too tired. I just want you to fuck me please. I want to feel you inside me. I just want you to stick the bugger in me. I want to feel you lying on top of me, and to feel helpless."
Joshua whispered, "Are you sure you want this. There will be no going back."
I was still sobbing a little and said, "I am totally sure. I want you to make love to me. But after this I am never paying you for a massage again! OK?"
Joshua sounded a little miffed that I had brought that up again and mumbled," OK I get that. Fair enough."
Just at that moment there was the sound of two or three of the others going down the corridor past my door laughing and joking.
Joshua pulled his pants down over his legs and feet and threw them out of the bed. He rolled over on top of me and I put my arms around his back to hold him close. I was not going to let him get away! With the absolute minimum of further wriggling he slipped into me and I held his buttocks to make sure he entered me up to the hilt. He felt gorgeous. I felt I had waited for that moment for a long time. I had always thought it might happen one day. I also felt some emotional relief immediately. I was feeling something again. I would come through this and who knows maybe it really will be for the better. And a relationship of some sort with Joshua? Who knows?
But soon I was no longer able to mull over such thoughts as Joshua thrust away. He knew I only wanted it gentle and loving and that was what he gave me, but it was perfect. Thankfully he lasted more than long enough to make sure I had a sublime orgasm under his skilful care. I dug my finger nails into his back as I shuddered and writhed in pleasure underneath him. You cannot get better than being fucked by a professional sex therapist! When I was done Joshua took his own pleasure but again was gentle and not rough. I was already dropping off when he came.
When I awoke in the morning and started to become conscious, I had that familiar thud on the back of the head where you suddenly remember that something awful happened the night before. I remembered my grounding, and the pain, how I had wantonly availed myself to the group, and the embarrassment. Everyone in the entire retreat had pawed me. And there was Joshua lying next to me naked. And I had had full sex with him and cum wildly. I had only been away from home for three nights for God's sake and already I have slept with another man. 'Oh God!'
Soon Joshua stirred and as soon as I could I dumped my fears and regrets onto him, but he was lovely and reassured me that my grounding was absolutely normal, that I had not embarrassed myself, and that he for one was glad we had slept together at last and had enjoyed it very much. He then followed this up by saying, "I have to be honest Rachel, when I have been giving you those massages, I have more than once thought about having sex with you one day and hoped we would. And it was as good as I thought it would be. So, I have no regrets that is for sure."
'Oh well. No problems then I thought!'
We did not have long to freshen up before the morning meditation. With Joshua with me I felt a lot more confident. I actually did start to believe and feel that the grounding had had a positive effect on me. All that affirmation, love and support from the group had been pretty awesome. I felt I could be my own person more. More confident in my own skin. More confident with who I am. I would live my own life with a new resolve. Be me. Be who I am. Exhibitionism and all. Maybe a bit of a loose woman. Maybe a bit promiscuous. So what! Get over it! I really was OK. I had to smile. I had made a good start I thought- I had already slept with my masseur!
On the way to the temple we met a few of the others including Shakti, Lesley, Andrew and Mark. Everyone greeted me and treated me completely normally. Nobody mentioned my grounding. Even if they thought about it everyone was discrete and sensitive enough not to bring it up. They all would have known what a challenging and potentially upsetting process it is to go through. By the time I arrived at the temple I was feeling a new sense of freedom and empowerment. The new empowered Rachel had arrived!

An Even More Sublime Evening Meditation

On the Wednesday evening we had all gone to the temple at around 8 o'clock for the evening meditation expecting it to be the same as it was on the last two nights. However, when we arrived, we found that Shiva was there with Soraya as well. I knew by now that anything Soraya was involved in was going to be good and was embracing the unexpected. When we were all there Soraya welcomed us and then said, "We usually try to hold one evening meditation during the week down on the beach if weather permits. This evening the weather is perfect so we are going down there this evening. It is about a ten-minute walk down there so if you would all like to follow us down the path."
It certainly was a beautiful evening and we were all excitedly chatting and speculating what the format of this was going to be when we got down there. We followed Soraya and Shiva out of the temple and out past the main house onto the lane that continues on down from the centre. This was a single-track lane that would also be used by the public on a summer day but on an evening in May when it was getting dusky it was unlikely that we would meet anybody else. When we got down to the beach, we found that the retreat technician had already been down and had set up an amplifier. We were welcomed by the usual Indian sounding mystic meditation music to complete the setting. The beach was a small but beautiful sandy cove. There was a basket to place our shoes as Soraya was encouraging us to walk barefoot on the sand. Several of us began walking through the shallow wavelets and getting our feet wet. She urged us to really feel the sand and waves through our feet and to 'connect with the earth.'
Shiva then asked us to prepare ourselves to begin the meditation. By now I knew that was code for removing our clothes. I had been hoping this was going to happen. Very soon there were eighteen of us unquestioningly undressing and standing stark naked. They had also taken the yoga mats down to the beach in a van so we all picked one up and laid it down on the sand. I looked at our group, all completely naked, and it all seemed perfectly natural. So much so that clothes would have made the situation less pure and innocent somehow. I was so excited; I was loving it. As I say I felt I never wanted this week to end.
As we laid there relaxing and breathing in the cool evening air Shiva put on some music. This time it was an excerpt from Peer Gynt by Grieg if you know it. I know this piece -it is called Morning and is the piece most people know when they hear it. I am no classical music buff. But I do know this is an emotional, soulful, sad, moody orchestral piece that immediately makes your eyes water but still conjures up optimism from deep in our soul to confront the worst that life can throw at us. There that is me done being poetic. Anyway, the choice was perfect to accompany the sun setting over the ocean on this perfect late Spring evening. The moment was just an unforgettably perfect one. The sky turned crimson -a Son et Lumiere arranged by nature. We lay there in silence when it finished stunned. No body wanted to break the spell. Eventually Shiva started a very brief meditation mainly just repeating our standard core affirmations. He added some about being at one with the universe, and seeing the beauty that is all around us. Soraya then said that she wanted us to finish by sharing love and emotion with each other. We were to find a partner and just hug each other and laugh or cry or anything that felt right for us. I paired up with Heather who was on the next mat to me. Tears were never far away from Heather and that was the direction that our cuddling session took. But I was still feeling upbeat, and empowered from my own grounding.
When we broke up, I could not resist paddling in the waves again in the fading light. Most of the women did the same.

Sylvia Reveals the Tantric Spiritual Retreat

Thursday began with the usual sunrise meditation followed by a big revelation over breakfast.
As seemed to happen every day Sylvia joined us towards the end with some information about the programme for the day. There was going to be a mix of yoga, and a talk on a healthy diet and some other stuff. And then she said, "Some of you have been asking about what other retreats we run here and have heard about a tantric version of this retreat from people who have been here before. It is true that we run a tantric version, but we insist that participants have been on this introductory version first, and enjoyed it. You can understand that it is essential that participants have enjoyed this naturist meditation retreat first and that they, and to be honest we, are sure that they will benefit from and fit in at the tantric version. So, the tantric retreat is not a secret or anything, but we do not advertise it until you are familiar with this naturist meditation retreat and the centre and what we are about in general. This tantric version will take you into the techniques of tantric sex and teach you more about how to practice spiritual sex."
Of course, I had already had a grounding in tantric massage from Joshua so had some idea what tantric sex was about.
Sylvia continued, "So I wanted to let you know that we are running a tantric version of this retreat in about six weeks in June. We actually call this event a 'Tantric Spiritual Retreat', but it is a continuation of the naturist meditation theme combined with teaching about tantric spiritual sex. June is a lovely time of the year to be at this beautiful place, but I warn you we only have six places left on the next one. We are running the Tantric Spiritual Retreat again though after that in August. I have put a list up on the notice board for those of you who are interested to add your names. I always have a chat with everyone who attends an event here at the end on your own in private to review how you have found it here. If you have expressed an interest in attending a Tantric Spiritual Retreat then we would discuss with you then, whether you are ready for such a retreat and whether it would be right for you."
As soon as Sylvia had finished, I knew what I had to do. I was blown away by this news that there was a more extreme and erotic version of this retreat. I was loving this place so much I did not want to leave. I could not wait to return, and this even more interesting version just sounded irresistible to me.
Immediately after breakfast I shot straight out to the noticeboard in the corridor outside the office. I was of course the first there, and nobody else seemed to be rushing to sign up like I was. I picked up the pen and added my name to the list. I was never so sure about anything. I could not wait to come back for this tantric version, and I had not even finished this retreat yet!
Thursday was a nice day not because anything amazing happened but more because it did not! I was struck by how we were all in the routine and how quickly the extraordinary had become the ordinary. We went through the routine of the meditations, the yoga, some talks, and some time off relaxing in the afternoon. Some people spent the time in the hot tubs, some in their rooms and some walking the grounds and down to the beach. I was struck by what a hot house of flirting and intense sizing up this week had been between the participants. I suppose by the nature of the retreat it would be bound to be that way. It was a highly charged atmosphere. There were though only five males on this retreat (six if you include Joshua) between thirteen women so they were in big demand! The two I liked were of course Joshua and Mark. The only obvious successful pairing that seemed to have occurred though was Simone and Andrew who had hit it off since the first day. They were always to be seen together. However, two of the women, Brenda and Alice, seem very close and I would not be surprised if they were also a pairing. They were both on this retreat for a second time and about the same age and were at least bisexual or maybe gay.

Reflections and Enlightenment 1

Friday morning began with the usual Sunrise meditation in the temple. It was noticeable and even quite amusing that by now everyone was in the routine. No one was questioning the daily regime. We were all loyal followers! Everything that had once seemed challenging and outside our comfort zones had now become our normal.
After breakfast I felt completely exhausted and laid on my bed in my room and collected my thoughts. I know I have said it before, but this week had seemed like a month. When I get home, I am going to just collapse in bed for twenty four hours! I decided to skip the next session which was more yoga. I was feeling 'yogad' out to be honest. I decided to grab my journal and make some notes about what I had got from the retreat so far. I still prefer to make notes in writing in a pad rather than typing them on a lap top of tablet in the first instance. I find that much quicker and easier. I wrote the following:
1. This retreat, this group of people, this way of life, these beliefs so resonate with me. I am home, amongst my own kind in a way that I have never felt before. I have found my Mecca, my Nirvana. This is so me. I never want this week to end. I cannot believe how much I have loved this retreat. How it has fitted me like a glove. How it was made for me. I am already obsessed with coming back for the tantric version in June. I will be thinking about little else when I get back to Bristol. I no longer feel guilty or weird. I truly accept myself as I am.
2. Another thing that struck me was about the naturism and nudity. By now as predicted by Soraya we were all so used to it, it had all become so normal, and we were all so exhausted that nobody, and certainly not me, appeared to notice it or think about it. It really can become so normal you really do have to wonder what all the fuss is about with exposure of the human body. But at the same time, I was continuing to enjoy being naked during the daily activities and was always aware that this opportunity was going to come to a shuddering halt very soon when the retreat was over.
3. Everybody at this retreat was fully accepting of everyone else. It did not matter how screwed up anyone was or how fat, thin, young, old, firm or saggy! There is a complete absence of any judgement and that was good for engendering a healthy confidence and acceptance of ourselves.
4. One thing that had really struck me over the week had been how powerful ritual and ambience can be in engendering spiritual feelings and emotions. Basically, if you want to 'believe' and if you are motivated and want to feel something, then you can and will allow the ritual to wash over you. I guess this is the same in all religions. It really does not matter that at one level we know that such props as lights, music, effigies, figures, and chants are artificial. If you want to feel those warm, cosy, comforting and affirming feelings flowing through your body then you will, and all the ritual will work if you let it. During this week there had been countless occasions when I felt the positive energy, and felt inspired and full of new resolve and that these feelings of contentment and peace would stay with me. And the most powerful ingredient off all to this is the feeling of belonging to a group of like-minded kindred spirits. At this retreat they had made wide spread use of such pseudo religious ritual and in the group situation it was all the more effective. I wrote down the word 'Tinkerbell'. I did this because I always remember when we took our kids to Disneyland and at the end of the day the fairy Tinkerbell flies through the sky across the park in the dark to the top of the castle in the Magic Kingdom whilst fireworks and music fill the sky. Nobody can simulate 'magic' quite like Disney and although you know it is not real at that moment it feels very magical and it sure as hell is real for the watching children.
5. My grounding session had shaken me hard just as it was intended to do. Just as Sylvia had predicted I did not need to be told what was wrong with my life. I heard myself telling myself what at one level I already knew. I was sleepwalking. In denial. It was time to square up to the really big questions in my life i.e. where does my life go from here? I have been deeply touched by this retreat and started to question my life back home. I have been away on my own without Andy and Tony this week and it had been inevitable that this was going to cause me to reflect and evaluate my life. Am I fed up of being Andy and Tony's sexual plaything? Am I worth more than this? Do I want to continue living a life with two 'husbands'?
6. One thing I confirmed about myself is that I will never get tired of being an exhibitionist and naturism. I will always be a lifelong nudist and always enjoy taking my clothes off and being naked in front of other people. I just love it and can never get enough. This week has been truly great for that. This week has just confirmed what I already knew about myself.
7. My relationship with Joshua? Was there one? Should I have done it? Where will it lead? I was wondering why he had not tried to sleep with me again after Tuesday night.

The Naturist Meditation Retreat Last Night Party

By the time Friday evening arrived we were all exhausted. It was the last night and there was no evening meditation. The idea was that instead after supper we should have an hour or so off to pack and then glam ourselves up for a closing party in the temple. I suspect party was a bit of an exaggeration for such a small group of us, but we were all demob happy and up for a bit of fun. I heard that one of the young guys, Oliver, was leaving for home before the party. Oliver had been the one who had declined having a grounding. I do not think this retreat had been his thing. That was a shame as it would only leave five guys (including Joshua) for all us girls to fight over unless Shiva was coming although I could not imagine him bopping around. Although it could well be that most of the girls were fighting over each other! You could never predict with this group. Only the women who had been before had known to pack anything at all glamorous for this party of course. I had nothing with me other than the clothes I travelled in. The rest of what I brought was loose fitting yoga trousers and T shirts, some other gym/ exercise type stuff, and my swim suits none of which I had worn or needed! I wish they had warned us. I did have some evening clothes that I never wore but they were very plain and boring. I had not really known what I would need and hoped to be naked a lot of the time anyway!
But I did have make up in my hand bag, so I took some trouble with making myself up and putting on some perfume. In the end I opted for the yoga trousers and a T shirt I had with me. At least the T shirt had some pretty splashes of colour and was a little bit feminine. I did not wear any underwear and the shirt showed my nipples quite well actually.
We started gathering in the temple about eight o clock as it was getting dark. The lights had been dimmed and there were candles around the perimeter on small round tables. There were many opened bottles of wine and nibbles. It was at first very awkward and many of us were pondering whether we should have just headed off back home. I began by just chatting with Mark in a corner. I had first met Mark you remember when we intimately cuddled each other naked and blind folded at the start of the session on naturism and nudity. Not long afterwards he got to know me again from close range when he was responsible for holding one of my lower legs and foot during my grounding and orgasm! So not the most conventional of meetings! Mark kicked off our conversation with the old joke about not recognising me with my clothes on. I laughed of course and we set about pouring ourselves some white wine. Mark had come in his bloody robe. I got my own back on him by saying, "Your costume is very imaginative. I can see you made a big effort!" He was forced to laugh at his pathetic effort himself.
I said "Seriously Mark, I am sorry that I had so disgraced myself at my grounding. And you had to witness it from such close quarters."
He was having none of that and said, "Absolutely you did not. I was much worse at mine!"
I said I was sorry that I was not there. Mark was on the retreat for the second time and they do not repeat the grounding unless you want it. I said, "To be honest Mark, the groundings of you chaps that I have witnessed this week have been much tamer than those of the girls. You guys are much more restrained and altogether and none of them have degenerated into the group masturbating you to an orgasm. Why is that? It is a but unfair!"
Mark replied, "Yes I can see it looks that way. I do not think it works as well for us guys. We are not as open to it as you girls. More guarded."
Mark continued, "When I went through it, I did not really open up as much as I should."
I replied, "Well maybe you should have done it again this week after all."
Mark replied, "Yes maybe."
Shiva was coming around topping everyone's glass up. It was getting more relaxed and noisier in the temple. I have a good chat with Mark for about fifteen minutes and was enjoying it but then Sarah joined us. Sarah was still very shy and awkward so it kind of brought our chat to a halt whilst we concentrated trying to bring her into the conversation.
Eventually things had warmed up enough for Shiva to venture some dancing music. He began with 'YMCA'. I have no idea whether that had any significance. Anyway, it worked and we all felt primed enough to start showing our moves. I could see immediately that Soraya and Shakti were both fantastic dancers. So elegant and natural. Of the guys Andrew was pretty impressive. We were all dancing individually. This was followed by Michael Jackson's 'Billie Jean'. This had everyone giving it their all including some impressive moon walking from Soraya would you believe. Are there any limits to her talents? Later when he played 'We are The Champions' we were all joined hands and were dancing in a circle. This was followed by the Beatles track 'Hey Jude' which is another great rousing song that unites everybody. It felt very appropriate for us to be holding hands and holding each other around the waist during these tracks as it represented the bonds we had formed this week. We carried on in a kind of giant group hug singing along with the Beatles 'All You Need Is Love'.
Shiva had prepared a whole string of these rallying uniting songs and it was very inspired. It was a lovely evening actually and turned out much livelier than we had feared. When we got to Michael Jackson's 'Heal the World', Victor was moved to strip off his underpants and dance in the nude.
It seemed very appropriate here. He had already removed everything else a while back. I have to say that Victor who was 70 had been such a sparky positive live wire on this retreat. He always had a twinkle in his eye and had been such a good sport and contributor. We all laughed at Victor. I was keen to follow suit but did not want to be the first female. Thankfully Soraya who you could always rely on was soon shedding her beautiful stunning sari and reminding us what a beauty she is.
We moved onto the 'Circle of Life' and we were all holding hands and cuddling and hugging to the music. However, Simone and Andrew could not resist keeping their hands off each other a moment longer and took to lying on their own yoga mat together in a corner. They were only wearing underwear by now and I did not see that staying on long. Obviously we were all sneakily watching them. They looked like they were getting pretty steamed up making a spectacle of themselves. They were desperate to get to bed together I was sure. Probably could not wait for this party to be over so they could legally disappear.
Before much longer Brenda and Alice also laid down together on their own yoga mat. My suspicions had been right about them I thought. Very soon they were openly canoodling and kissing and sporting a big triumphant grin for anyone who stared at them. So that was at least two couples who had tentatively formed this week.
When he played 'Imagine' next I just had to have a smooch with someone and grabbed Mark. I would have liked to do the same with Joshua but after what had happened earlier in the week, I was rather waiting for him to show some more interest in me. In fact, this made me make even more of a fuss of Mark. Yes, I know I was behaving like a teenager at the school prom. Anyway, I had a lovely smooch with Mark and we carried on from where we had left off at the session on naturism and nudity. His hands were quickly down into my yoga pants on my bum holding me tight. I thought right it is time for this bloody robe to come off, and undid it, and slipped it off his shoulders. I was pleased to find that was all he was wearing. I was then able to clamp my hands on his buttocks in return. At the end of 'Imagine' Mark pulled my yoga pants down to the floor and I stepped out of them laughing. I thought I might as well take off my T Shirt and hauled it over my head. I was only the second woman to get naked so was pleased to help set the trend. I was standing with Mark and having a swig of wine when I wondered if he was coming back for the Tantric Spiritual retreat in June. I told him that I was.
Mark said, "I am not sure-I had not planned to."
I looked disappointed. It would have been great for me if he was coming as well.
He saw my disappointment and replied, "Actually I think I will. It will be fun especially if you and a few of this group will be there."
I told him, "Well I have been asking around and I think there will be about seven of us from this retreat if you came. That is Andrew......"
I stopped and cast a glance and a smile over to Andrew getting a head of steam up with Simone on the yoga mat and raised my eyebrows.
I continued, "that is Andrew, Amy, Shakti, Carol, Victor, you and me. It will be great. I am already so looking forward to it; get yourself signed up before you leave in the morning."
He promised he would.
I found myself in a big group all singing along with John Lennon's 'Imagine'. This party was turning into a karaoke session! Shiva was doing a sterling job topping up the glasses. We were all very merry.
At last I found myself holding hands in a group with Joshua. I took the initiative and put my arms around him and asked, "Are you going to give me a smooch then Joshua?" He was still wearing some red and black striped boxer shorts.
He did not have much choice but looked like he wanted to. The music changed to Frank Sinatra' s 'My Way'. They were playing all the old emotional stuff tonight I thought, but 'My Way' was not bad to smooch to. I asked him if he had been avoiding me. He said that he was worried he had been unprofessional with what happened after my grounding. I was a bit cross really. I told him it was not unprofessional and that was rubbish. We were, I hoped, friends by now and I had moved on from being his client. He had given me what I needed on Tuesday night and it had felt absolutely right to me and I had lovely memories of it. After this he visibly relaxed and smiled and began to enjoy running his hands over me again while we were dancing. So much so that when the song ended, we stayed in an embrace and carried on through the next one. I knew I would just have to be patient and see what happened on the Joshua front.
The next time I was standing having a sip of wine Amy came up and grabbed me giggling her head off. She was also by now stark naked and obviously enjoying herself. She said to me, "Come on gorgeous. Going to give me a cuddle then?"
With that she thrust her arms around me, and we began a sort of drunken stumble around to Robbie Williams' 'Angels'. During the dance she put her hands on the side of my face and gave me a deep tongues passionate kiss. It was the most passionate snog I had all evening! She was not as drunk as I thought she was because at the end of it she said to me, "I have been thinking. If we are both going to the tantric retreat in June, I thought we might travel down together maybe?"
I replied, "That sounds great. I would like that".
She was all over me. She just kept holding me tight. I could tell it felt right for her at that time and it did for me too. It did not mean anything more than girl bonding. I definitely felt I had made a new friend with her.
I had heard rumours that it was customary for the group to end up naked at the last night party! And sure enough we all finished up singing 'Auld Lang Syne' holding hands in a big circle at the end absolutely stark bollock naked. But it felt very appropriate; this was after all a naturist retreat. This was followed by every permutation of everybody hugging everybody else. We would have been there all-night if Sylvia had not turned the lights up to full.
So overall it was a surprisingly fun night. Looking back, it went the only way it was ever going to given the background and context of the retreat. There was just so much group camaraderie going on you could cut it with a knife. We had all been to war together and returned from the battle. We were friends for life! Blood brothers. This evening had been one gigantic love-in.
Believe it or not I slept on my own that night. I collapsed absolutely exhausted into my bed and was gone in seconds.

Back in My Old Life

I travelled back with Joshua and when I arrived home the house was empty. There were no notes and no clue where Andy was. I do not think he had approved of me going away on this retreat. I could not worry about it. I was too tired and just went to bed for twenty four hours. Eventually Andy returned on his own the next day and we had a meal together on the Sunday evening. I told him a little about the retreat but not how just amazing it had been; I did not want to sound evangelical about it. We slept together that night for the first time in a while and we both enjoyed it. Despite everything that has happened we are still in love.
For the next few weeks I mainly went back to my 'normal' life (if you can call it that) at home with Andy, and of course Tony and Andrea. For now, I was making a special effort with Andy and Tony at home. I need them as my anchor for stability. My safe harbour. During this period the late spring / early summer weather was nice and we had fun together with some BBQs and trips to the beach at Studland Bay etc. What we have stopped doing is visiting the spa at Bristol. We have all tired of the hi jinks and shenanigans there and out grown them. I was very happy with that and did not miss it. If I was going to engage in encounters outside of our cosy foursome it was going to be with people who I felt a spiritual connection with and who fitted into my spiritual journey. I was reminded how lucky I was to have this nest to return to. Obviously, I find it hard that Andy is now equally if not more devoted to Andrea, but I also know that it was me who pushed him in that direction originally when I started a relationship with Tony. It had not been what Andy wanted.
About three weeks later I met up with Amy (from the first retreat) in Cheltenham to see how she was doing. She was still separated and living alone. We only had a coffee for about forty five minutes but it was lovely to see her. We were both looking forward to the tantric retreat and arranged to travel together to it. In the event she was the only person from the retreat that I met up with during that period.
I spent the whole of these few weeks privately obsessing about getting back to the tantric spiritual retreat. I was anticipating it so much with such high hopes that I was worried it would not live up to my expectations. I endured much derision from Andy and Tony when I told them I was returning so soon in mid-June. They accused me of joining some weird religious sect or cult and that I was under the spell of some creepy pervy sex guru. Maybe they were right!
During these few weeks I was hoping to hear from Joshua and to meet up maybe. I wondered if we could be more? Having slept with him I was surprised and disappointed that he did not contact me. Can he give me more? Is he at all romantic? I decided that in truth I knew little about him. Did he already have a partner? Was he gay even?

Arriving at The Tantric Spiritual Retreat

The day had finally arrived! I thought it never would. I drove down with Amy in her car. It was nice seeing her again. It was also nice knowing there would be a few others at this retreat that were at the first one. I was particularly looking forward to seeing Joshua and Mark again.
A lot happened at the Tantric Spiritual Retreat. I had anticipated it so much and it did not disappoint. I will tell you all about it in Chapter 03.
Thanks for listening. Have fun. Love from Rachel x