Nisha's mother had been nagging her to wear a saree for some time. It is a traditional wear, she must wear or atleast know how to wear one before getting married. To wear a saree one must need a blouse. The blouse comes from the shoulder to below the breasts.
That week she told her mother about wearing a saree. Her mother was excited to hear it. The next day she brought Nisha to her shop and picked out a saree. Parveen asked her to get the blouse stitched that weekend.
She went to the nearby tailor that weekend. She wore her burqa and inside that her nigtie and her underwear. There were two guys in the tailor shop. One is an old guy named Raman. He started this shop long back. He is known to everyone in the area. Nisha herself had some clothes stitched for her when she was a kid.
Raman introduced his apprentice as Prabhu, he finished school and is working with Raman. He is about the same age as Nisha. She didn't expect for him to be here. But she was ok with it. Infact more than ok. He was shy and calm and pleasant to look at.
She was brought back to reality by Raman. He asked about my studies and other things. It was a long time before you they met.
She then said, "I am here to stitch a blouse for me."
He asked, "Do you have a blouse for size?"
She replied, "No, this is my first blouse."
"In that case," he said, "I need to take your measurements. Please remove the burqa. We can't measure correct with it on."
She was hoping he would say that. She said ok. She had practiced this in her room to make it perfect. She lifted her burqa over her head along with it the nightie as well and placed it behind her without looking at it. She made it so that she was not aware of what she has done in a flow.
She wore her matching pair of pink underwear. The bra showed her cleavage pushed up. She had earlier pushed one side of her panties inside her butt crack "accidentally". The tailors had their eyes glued to her. Since the shop had mirrors on all sides, every inch of her underwear covered body was visible to them.
She then looked down and feigned surprise and was acting to immediately put on the clothes. But clothes were inside out and the burqa inside the nightie. She was getting it out. She acted hastily but was enjoying the feeling.
"I am sorry..." she said, "I removed the nightie as well along with the burqa."
She acted embarrassed while still getting the clothes separated. She was facing away from them, so one of her ass cheeks which was open was facing them. She had successfully acted out her fantasy. She now wanted to get dressed.
"Stop!" He said, "Don't bother getting dressed now. The nightie is same as the burqa, the blouse will not be a perfect fit if it is measured over the nightie too".
She protested saying, "How am I supposed to stand half naked in front of you two". Saying that was exciting.
Raman replied, "Don't worry darling, we have already seen you now. There is no point in hiding now. This will help stitching the perfect blouse for you. We can measure your actual size."
She didn't know what to say. She didn't plan for this. She wasn't even covering up till then as everything was happening too quick. But now she crossed her arms over her chest. She was in a dilemma.
Seeing she covered herself, Raman said, "Don't worry, we are professionals".
Without getting the go ahead from her, he asked Prabhu to take the measurements.
Prabhu lowered Nisha's hand which she did without protesting. She had her hands by her side and allowed Prabhu to do whatever he wanted. He turned her around holding her waist. He put the measuring tape on one end of her shoulder and measured shoulder to shoulder.
He then measured the length for the arm and then the width of the arm. His hands touching her bare skin was hot. He was however nervous too. He shouted out the measurements which Raman noted down. He then turned her around again holding her waist.
He then hesitated but a sound from Raman pushed him to start measuring again. He put the tape on the shoulder and measured till the center of her boobs. He was touching her boobs over her bra. He moved the tape around to measure from the boob to below her breasts. He measured around her body over her boobs and then under it.
While measuring he was standing so close to her, she could feel him breathe down her neck. He also could look at her boob and cleavage up close. He could also see the goosebumps on her all over. The measurements were over. She turned to get her clothes.
"Come here girl. Come look at this," Raman pointed.
Hearing an authoritative tone she obeyed. She is still in her bra and panties. He showed her an album with all the models the blouse can be fitted. There were regular models and there were some sexy models. He explained them to her. She chose a conservative but fancy one.
He said some bs about that model requiring additional measurements. She knew this was a ploy to keep her in her undies longer. He took the tape and measured her back from one side to other.
He wasn't that professional in his touches. He used his whole hand for contact. He then measured the width of each boob. He then circled the boob with tape and measured. This was getting ridiculous. But she didn't say anything. She gave the saree. He measured the cloth.
She then inquired about the delivery date and cost. She bargained some. Bargaining in her undies was effective. She reduced the cost by a third. She then put on her clothes and left the shop.
Her mother was home when she returned. Pleasuring herself has to wait. Her mother was excited to hear that her daughter's first saree will be ready soon. They had their lunch and Nisha was alone again after her mother left back to the shop.
She again thought about all the things happened in the morning. She was horny but didn't want to cum just yet. She started slowly. She sensually removed her clothes. Let the bra and panties drop to the floor. She lied on her bed and started caressing herself. She wanted the feeling to last long. When she was finished, she was shocked to see how long it took. Her mother would be back in an hour. She has to wash the dishes as well.
She washed all the dishes and became sweaty. She decided to take a bath. Her house doesn't have a separate bathroom. They have a large tank in the backyard. They fill a bucket from that and take bath in the backyard itself. It is secluded and no one bathed nude.
The men wore a bathing towel. The women wore their petticoat(It is a skirt worn inside a saree or nightie. It comes down to the ankles as well. But while bathing it is worn from above the breasts. So it comes down to the knees). After bathing they dry themselves and wear a fresh petticoat from the breasts to the knees and go to their room and change.
The petticoat is not worn around other people. Even within the home, it is not worn in front of others for longer duration of time. It is more or less like wearing a towel after bath. Nisha finished bathing and walked into the house and heard the doorbell.
From the sound and frequency of the bell, she knew the person was ringing it for a long time. She couldn't hear it from the backyard. It might be her mother. She didn't want to make her wait any longer. She just went to the door in her petticoat.