It was the Friday evening and Rachel was heading away for the weekend to a workplace team building retreat at some Spa resort in the middle of nowhere. I lay upon our bed watching her frantically choosing outfits to pack into her suitcase and commenting on how sexy each one was. Indecisive didn't even begin to describe her when it came to her selecting attire; Even before a casual meal out for the two of us our bedroom would look like a tornado had blown through the wardrobe. She eventually decided upon several outfits: some casual, some sporty, and some sexy evening dresses, and recklessly tossed them into the suitcase.
"You're going to be good while I'm away right?" my wife asked as she started to brush her hair and touch up her make up.
"Of course baby. When am I not?" I replied smugly.
"About ninety-three percent of the time," she chuckled and continued to apply her mascara and foundation. Rachel wasn't normally one for getting so made up but after the hour or so drive to the retreat she would be immediately meeting up with her work colleagues for drinks, so thought it prudent to make herself presentable now rather than later. After she had finished making herself even sexier, she turned to me and smiled as she saw how I ogled the tight black dress hugging her slender body. "Don't think I've forgotten about repaying the favour to you by the way. For the fun with Tariq I mean. You thought about who you want to join us yet?"
"I've thought about it, not fully made up my mind yet. I don't want to spoil the surprise," I answered as I shuffled from the bed and went to kiss her soft lips. She purred back into my mouth as she felt the arousal the sight of her had given me press into her thighs.
"Don't wait too long. I just want to make my husband happy," she whispered with a wink and cupped my erection playfully. She continued to fasten her suitcase with a look on her face as if deep in thought before turning to me with a serious expression. "Rich. This fun we're having, or planning to have, it's just for us."
I gazed back into her eyes raising my brow curiously. "What do you mean?"
"Well, I know Jessica and Peter have a lot of fun together, but they have a lot of fun apart from each other too. You know what I mean? I don't want that. We do everything together ok?"
"Ok honey," I replied and duly kissed her once more.
I quickly grabbed her suitcase and began to haul it out of the bedroom as an excuse to hide any guilt that may have been apparent on my face. It was too late, I had already crossed that line, and I couldn't even begin to explain what I had been keeping from her with the glory holes and especially Helena.
"Be back Sunday night. Love you," Rachel said as she waited for me to load the suitcase into the car before kissing me.
"Love you too baby," I replied watching her enter the car. "Have fun!"
After Rachel had left I made myself a drink and then headed into the living room to sit comfortably on the couch where Tariq had recently fucked me. I lifted my laptop onto the coffee table in front of me and took a sip of my rum and coke as it powered up. I had been waiting curiously for this moment for the past two nights, and the announcement that Rachel was leaving me alone for it had only made me more excited. Quickly, I navigated to the website Joel had told me about and began to browse once more through the thumbnails of the all the cam girls, boys and couples currently broadcasting until I spotted it.PrettyPinkMeri is online. I couldn't click on the broadcast fast enough.
Meredith was lay on her bed on her front with her face resting sweetly in her hands. She was dressed in blue denim shorts and a loose white t-shirt that displayed the outline of a black bra underneath. Her blonde hair was curled around her face and she appeared less 'Lolita' than she was advertising herself as in her profile, and I was glad for it. She looked much hotter when she appeared her age than when she was making herself look like jailbait.
"Come on guys, this is boring. There's so much more fun we could be having but I'm not doing anything for free," Meredith said grimacing into the camera. Some sugary pop tune played in the background almost too loud for me to hear her. I assumed she was drowning out the sound of what she was up to so her family couldn't hear.
She had close to four thousand viewers and the chat box was busy with endless messages from horny men pleading with her to show a little more skin, and she complied with none of their requests. Occasionally she would shuffle around to give a brief glimpse at her tiny arse or press her breasts together through her t-shirt to try and entice the tips she desired but they never came.
Although the sight of my cute teenage neighbour in such skimpy clothing was a little arousing it was not really what I had been imagining. I wanted to see more of her, and I wanted to see her pleasuring herself, just as Joel had led me to believe she would. The only way I was going to see it was to give her the tips she needed, and to do that I had to register an account on the website. I completed the application form, linked my bank card to the account and chuckled pleased with myself as I chose the usernameGuyNextDoor.
The "g-dollars" currency that was used on the site, and the exchange rate that came with it, took a little while to wrap my head around, but once I figured out just how much Meredith's desired tip to show a little flesh would cost I eagerly began to tip.
"Oh my god, finally! Thanks for the twenty dollars GuyNextDoor!" she replied enthusiastically and hopped onto her knees. "See guys, y'all need to take a leaf out of this guy's book. Treat me nice and I'll give you what you want. What do wish of me Guy?"
I chuckled at her calling me Guy as if it was my name and assumed she hadn't understood the clever play I had done on the 'girl next door'. Or at least I thought it was clever. I navigated to the chat box.
GuyNextDoor: Take off your shorts.
"You got it sweetie," my neighbour replied and turned to face her arse towards the camera. She hooked her fingertips into her shorts and seductively began to inch them down her thighs. Her soft white buttocks quickly fell into view with only the strap of her tiny black and purple panties to cover her modesty. Meredith shuffled her legs to allow the denim shorts to fall to her ankles before stepping out of them and beginning to run her fingers into the soft flesh of her arse cheeks. "You like?" she replied and slapped one cheek playfully before turning back to the camera and getting comfy once more.
GuyNextDoor: I like.
My cock was beginning to spring to life in my jeans and I unfastened the buttons to loosen the tight constraints on my bulge. That chat had begun to fill with messages from some of the other viewers all announcing that she was having the same effect on them too. Some even thanked me for giving them the sight that was making them so rock hard. I tipped another twenty g-dollars to give them more.
"Guy! Again! You're so nice, I like you. What does your heart desire now sweetie?" Meredith replied inching closer to the camera before blowing a kiss into the lens for my benefit.
GuyNextDoor: Now the t-shirt.
Meredith obliged and removed her t-shirt in one swift movement to reveal two relatively small but pert breasts contained within a black and purple lace bra. She smiled intently at the camera as she clasped them together in her hands and bit her lower lip. "Just for you Guy," she said in a soft voice and briefly tugged down on the bra to reveal a glimpse of one of her tiny swollen nipples to the audience, but mostly to me.
I couldn't help but release my throbbing prick fully from my jeans and take it within my fingers. The sight of my young neighbour undressing herself at my command without knowing it was me giving the orders was too much for me. Knowing that her supple young body was writhing about on her bed in just her underwear only one house away was thoroughly arousing. I tipped again.
"Thank you Guy! At least someone wants to have fun this evening. What shall I take off now Guy?" Meredith giggled and smiled sweetly into the camera as if starting directly into my gaze.
GuyNextDoor: Nothing. Stroke yourself through your panties instead. We don't want to show the rest of these guys too much yet do we?
"No, we don't. Good thinking sir," she replied and shuffled her arse comfortably back onto the bed. "Your wish is my command."
Meredith parted her legs to expose the front of her panties to the camera and gently slid her fingers between across her stomach and into her pubis. She moaned softly as she obeyed my command and stroked herself through the lace. Though the sight was alluring I only wished I could see it up close, and longed to smell her sweet pussy's aroma filling the air.
"Is this what you want Guy?" she purred as her fingers teased herself and sent ripples of pleasure through her body.
The audience were flooding the chat now urging her on, telling her she was hot and boasting about how they were stroking their gigantic cocks to her. One of the viewers asked her to bring her friend back for another show and several of the others agreed. If she sometimes had "friends" involved in her shows then I absolutely wanted to see that too. Finally, another member of the audience tipped her.
"Mmm, yay! Another sweetie. Thank you JoshuAmour69," Meredith lifted her hand from her lap to clap excitedly and blew the new fan a kiss. "What would you like honey?"
The new tipper asked her to remove her bra, and she obeyed with the quick motion of her hand and swift unclasping. Her bra toppled down from her shoulders. She lifted her arms from it and tossed it behind the camera as if throwing the underwear for the new tipper to catch. Meredith's breasts bounced into view revealing two sweet little mounds all pale within her bikini line and boasting a pair of cute nipples. She ran her fingers up to her breasts and pinched at the tiny buds to make them swell and grow firmer in her fingertips.
I was stroking my cock firmly now and could feel gushes of precum dripping out from my slit and around my fingers. The show Meredith was unknowingly giving her next-door neighbour had grabbed my attention so much that I had forgotten where I was. I soon realised my masturbating was fully exposed to anyone who might come to the house to visit and walk past the front window, much like Jessica and Tariq had been exposed on our first night in Rock River.
As I stared at the window wondering whether I should take this elsewhere so as not to get caught, I had a thought. Meredith's bedroom was just across from the room we had converted into an office, and I might be able to see her both through the window of that room, as well as the window on my screen. I lifted the laptop and headed upstairs to the office.
The window of Meredith's room was thirty or forty feet away, so I didn't have the clearest of views, but the curtains were unsurprisingly open; If she was fine with exposing herself to thousands of viewers then she clearly had no problem with the potential of her neighbours spotting her. I saw her there sat upon the edge of her bed facing away from me with the glare of her computer screen displaying the silhouette of her naked back. Her shoulder was rotating and when I settled the laptop onto my desk and looked at the broadcast, I saw that she had dropped her hand back to her pussy. She writhed and purred in delight. I tipped again, forty g-dollars this time.
"Wow, you're spoiling me Guy," Meredith yelped with delight and stepped closer to plant her lips almost on the camera lens and playfully lick her tongue just far enough away not to touch it.
GuyNextDoor: Take off your panties and get on your hands and knees on the bed. I want to look at the pleasure in your face while you play with yourself.
"I like a man who knows what he wants," she replied and went about happily fulfilling my wish.
Her panties were soon around her ankles exposing a neatly shaven pussy with three little hearts tattooed against her pubis. She climbed eagerly onto the bed on all fours and dropped one hand underneath her body to stroke herself. I looked back over into her window and stroked my cock harder as her arse pointed into the air and her fingertips slid between the folds of her cunt. She began to press her fingertips inside herself and her moans became louder. This show was for me alone, and she had no idea I could see it.
The audience in the chat were tipping the occasional dollar now and she thanked each tipper under the moans of her self-pleasure. Some were begging her to turn around so that they could see her pussy, but she declined eager to please me instead. Others were requesting she take out her collection of toys. I was intrigued what toys that she had, so I tipped again and asked the same.
"Sure thing Guy. Anything for you sweetie," she replied, and hopped from the bed and disappeared off screen. I looked over at the window and saw her naked rummaging around in a chest of drawers just out of sight of the camera. Quickly she returned with a selection of toys spilling out of her arms onto the bed. "Ok Guy, here is my collection."
Meredith lifted the camera from where she had seated it and aimed it down to display her collection. The array of toys on display was vast for someone so young, and I wondered just how long she had been building up the collection. She had dildos of all shapes and sizes, vibrators, anal beads and a selection of three buttplugs similar in appearance but each larger than the rest. One of the large rubber cocks bundled in the pile even had a harness attached to it and my cock twitched at the thought of her fucking me with it.
"Ok, Guy, and guys, fifty dollars for each of these," she explained as she pointed at the selection of dildos and vibrators. She then pointed to the buttplugs and beads. "And one hundred for these."
Fifty dollars immediately left my pot and landed in hers and the sound of coins falling could be heard.
GuyNextDoor: Your choice.
Meredith pondered for a moment, indecisive over which toy she was going to use to pleasure herself but eventually settled on one of the vibrators. She lifted the white cylindrical toy from the pile and then settled the camera back down only closer this time to give everyone a better look. Immediately, she began to part her legs to expose the tight folds of her pussy. Her cunt was slick from the pleasure she had already given herself and glistened in the glare of her computer screen. She pressed her fingers down into herself to slowly peel her clitoral hood backwards and pressed her vibrator against the swollen button underneath. The vibrator began to buzz and she instantly rocked her head backwards and moaned aloud.
The audience in the chat box were now going crazy for her, and the show she was giving them. Various small denominations of tips began to fill her pot and she attempted to thank each tipper but there were too many for her to keep up with and the moans escaping her lips made it even more difficult to thank each individually.
GuyNextDoor: Good girl. You're so hot.
I continued to jerk at my rigid cock roughly loving the sight of my neighbour pleasuring herself so unashamedly. I never would have dreamed that I would be watching this when I had first seen her sunbathing in her garden and ogled her bikini-clad pert body. I wanted more, much more. Another hundred dollars left my virtual wallet and fell into her pot.
GuyNextDoor: Now the buttplug, the middle one.
"Yes sir. Thank you sir," she replied with a hint of submission and reached aside for the toy of my choosing. Meredith also shuffled from the bed to grab a bottle of lube that she had handily placed behind the computer, bringing her gorgeous little breasts close to the camera as she did so. "I just need a little help for that first."
Meredith popped open the bottle and began to squirt the clear liquid along the tip of the black rubber toy. She then massaged the lube along the length of the toy ensuring it was fully coated and shifted back onto her hands and knees on the edge of the bed, exposing her arse to the camera. Her lubricated fingers quickly wrapped around behind her and she began to massage them into her tiny puckered arsehole. Once she had teased her anus sufficiently, she lifted the plug to it and began to easily slip herself inside. My gaze rapidly switched back and forth between her hungry arse swallowing the black toy and the sight of her moaning deeply into her bed through the window.
"Fuck Guy. It feels so good," she whimpered after the plug had slipped all the way inside her. She dropped herself down to balance herself on her shoulders and began to simultaneously slide the plug in and out of her arse while holding the vibrator against her pussy.
The audience were now showering her in tips and the repeated sound of coins falling almost matched each stroke of my hard prick. She was moaning loudly now and drowning out the music that played throughout her bedroom. I wondered if her family had heard. If they had they didn't take it upon themselves to interrupt at all.
GuyNextDoor: That's so good. You're going to make me cum.
Meredith peered behind her shoulder struggling to read the messages flooding into her chat box. "Me too. Me too," she whimpered and moaned.
Her hips were gyrating wildly now running her pussy along the vibrator and her arse stretched wide with each slide of the plug inside her. The pleasure of both the vibrations being sent into her clit and the plug filling her arse must have been too much to bear. Suddenly, her body tensed up and she rolled her head back and groaned gutturally into the air sending her pleasure echoing loudly through the bedroom. For a second I thought I had heard it through the two windows that separated us too.
My cock began to erupt almost as suddenly as she had, and my fist began to pump burst after burst of creamy white fluid onto the wooden floor beneath my desk. I kept my gaze completely on her bedroom window as I came while watching my neighbour orgasm violently across the way. A groan escaped my lips as my prick pulsated one last time and fired a final stream of cum onto the ground.
"Fuck me," Meredith panted as she shuffled back onto the edge of her bed and slipped the plug from her reluctant arsehole. "That was good. I hope you enjoyed that Guy."
GuyNextDoor: You have no idea. I came so hard.
"Good boy," she said with a giggle.
GuyNextDoor: You don't broadcast on a Saturday do you?
"Not usually, no," she replied talking completely to me as if there weren't another six thousand viewers now watching her.
GuyNextDoor: Five hundred dollars if you broadcast tomorrow.
Meredith remained still for a moment pondering. "Well I had plans. But they can wait for that kind of tip," she replied finally with a smile. "8pm?"
GuyNextDoor: Ok by me. Another thousand if you get your friend over.
"Wow," Meredith was clearly taken aback at my promise. "Ok, I can't make any promises, but I will ask her."
I hadn't even contemplated whether the friend was male or female, I just wanted to see her with someone else. But now that I knew it was a girl I found myself already growing harder at the thought. Fifteen hundred g-dollars would equate to a few days' worth of my pay but if the show was as hot as what I had just witnessed it would be worth every penny.
GuyNextDoor: I will cross my fingers. Good night gorgeous.
"Good night Guy. Thank you," she replied and came close to the camera to blow one more kiss into it for me.
The chat box was now filled with comments from the audience calling me a legend while others were disappointed the show had ended so quickly. Some even mentioned they were going to cancel their own plans to make sure they were available for the show. Meredith bid them all goodnight and the broadcast ended. I peered back over to her window and watched her bounce and applaud to herself happily, clearly delighted with the prospect of earning such money for having a little fun.
***
The following day went swiftly, and I was glad for it. I had been plotting all day long about the things I would request of Meredith in her broadcast and I couldn't wait to watch her again. To pass the time quicker I filled the day with trips to the supermarket and the gym. When I returned and was unloading the car Meredith had passed the house and waved sweetly up the driveway at me. I waved back with a sly grin remembering the sight of her plunging a toy into her tight arse.
The evening came quickly, and I made my way into the office ready for the 8pm performance. I kept my lights dim and glanced over at her window once more. A sigh of relief escaped my lips as I saw her curtains open again. Meredith was sat down at her computer desk with her back turned towards me and other than her shoulders I could not see much of her. I watched her lean forward and reposition the camera before using her computer for just a moment.
'PrettyPinkMeri is now live' appeared in a pop-up notification on the website and I immediately opened her broadcast. Meredith suddenly appeared on screen sat close to her computer showing only her flushed red face and the tops of her shoulders. I sighed in disappointment when I saw that she appeared to be alone.
"Guy! You came," she said with a wide smile and moaned softly as if the sight of my arrival was arousing to her. As I had joined her broadcast so quickly after she had started there was only a handful of viewers watching her at this point.
GuyNextDoor: Indeed I am. And as promised.
Meredith whimpered again and bit her lower lip as five hundred g-dollars filled her tip pot and a loud shower of coins sounded from her broadcast. She blew a kiss into the camera. "But you promised another thousand."
GuyNextDoor: Only if you had a friend with you.
Meredith reached forward and took the camera in her fingers to quickly aim it downwards. Her left hand was running through a black mess of hair that was bobbing up and down in her lap, and I suddenly realised she wasn't alone, and her friend was already on her knees and licking her pussy. The moans she had already been giving the camera started to make sense. I looked back to the sight through the window but couldn't see any other movement other than her leaning back comfortably into her seat. The thousand dollars filled into her pot.
"Yay Guy! You are the best," she purred and continued to hold her friends head down into her cunt as she writhed her hips against the mouth pleasuring her. "You happy sweetie?"
GuyNextDoor: You have no idea.
My cock was already in my hand again, twitching against the fingertips that gripped it tight. I began with a slow stroke teasing precum from my swollen tip as I watched the show. Meredith was purring and whimpering, and briefly lifted her friends head up to her lips for her to kiss slowly and taste her own pussy them. From what I could tell her friend had a tight body with luscious jet-black hair falling across her shoulders. Her skin looked somewhat tanned, but it might have just been the discolouration of the broadcast. Meredith did not allow a frontal glance at her friend's face so I struggled to tell her age or determine how attractive she was.
Viewers had begun to arrive to watch the performance in droves, and she was already close to three thousand viewers after only five minutes. They were already filling her chat with comments about how hot she was making them, and one claimed to have already shot his load onto his keyboard. Small tips continued to pour in once again but Meredith didn't seem to pay any mind to them. I assumed she was more than pleased with what I had already paid her. She paid no mind to the other viewers themselves either, as if she was dedicating the broadcast to me alone.
"You wish this was you Guy? I'd love for you to taste my pussy," Meredith said seductively flirting with the camera with a cheeky wink.
GuyNextDoor: And I'd love to taste it.
"Put your fingers inside me," she ordered of her anonymous friend, and moaned as the girl's arm manoeuvred into position and slid some digits inside her, though obscured by her shoulders I was unable to tell just how many. "Fuck yes. That feels good."
I watched her gyrate against her friend's invasion into her cunt and stroked my cock with a little more fervour. Her silhouette was now rocking gently in her seat as she began to fondle her own breasts through the baggy blue t-shirt she wore.
GuyNextDoor: Looks like your friend knows what she's doing. Can I have a look at her?
"Sure," she whispered and released the grip on the stranger's hair. "Come up here babe."
The figure rose to her feet and wiggled a gorgeous arse to the camera. Meredith did the same and began to wheel the chair aside before returning to kiss her lover's mouth deeply once more. The girl kissed longingly back running her fingers all over my neighbour's pert body. They parted lips and the stranger turned around to reveal herself to the audience.
"Holy shit," I said aloud, and my mouth fell ajar. My hand paused its stroking of my prick in shock.
Tammy lowered herself onto the edge of the bed next to Meredith. My two beautiful neighbours giggled as their bodies collided and their hands playfully stroked against each other's thighs. I couldn't quite believe the sight at first, but then I remembered the evening of the housewarming and how cosy the two had looked all cuddled up together on my couch. I hadn't thought anything of it then, and just assumed they were close friends, but it was certainly starting to make more sense now.
My gorgeous Filipino neighbour attempted to straighten her hair that had now fallen into some disarray after Meredith's fingers had roughly ran through it. With the back of her hand she wiped Meredith's wetness from her cheeks and smiled at the camera. She wore a tight white tank top with the edges of a purple bra exposed slightly underneath. Her plump silicone breasts were spilling out of the bra and her cleavage was deep and seemingly never-ending.
"Hi Guy," Tammy said to me, ignoring the rest of the audience just as Meredith had.
GuyNextDoor: Hi sexy.
"She's gorgeous right?" Meredith said with a wide smile that shone a bright beam of white teeth into the camera.
GuyNextDoor: You both are. Kiss her again.
Meredith obliged and wrapped her fingers around Tammy's neck and began to kiss her passionately. They moaned softly into each other's lips as their tongues danced together visible with each brief parting of their mouths. Their bodies pressed into each other firmly and Tammy's breasts dwarfed Meredith's as they collided.
As my fingers began to work the length of my cock once more a bold idea came over me. My two neighbours were so stunning that witnessing them together through a computer screen was not enough. I wanted more. Much like Joel had caught Helena and I out and used that to his advantage to fuck Helena, I could use knowing who they were to mine. Dale surely wouldn't have approved of Tammy's performance to thousands of people on the internet, and I doubted Meredith's family would have either. I pondered the idea of how to reveal myself to them while they continued to make out on camera until an idea formed in my head.
GuyNextDoor: Girls. Look out of the window behind you.
"What?" Meredith said as she parted from Tammy's lips once more and the pair began to look a little confused.
With a little hesitation the two girls began to lift each other from the bed and head over to the window to gaze outside. I had turned the lights on now to give them a full view of myself with my hard prick tight within my grasp and my laptop turned towards the window so they fully understood that I was watching them. The girls stood their shocked and confused for a few moments.
"Holy shit! Guy next door!" Meredith yelled in realisation at the meaning of my username.
The chat had begun to scroll wildly with a flood of comments from viewers who had either made the connection and realised that I was PrettyPinkMeri's neighbour or those that were utterly confused at the situation. Some claimed that we had all staged the event as some means to draw in a wider audience for her.
The two girls stepped back over to the bed and flopped back down with their faces aghast. They whispered in each other's ears first and I thought I heard one of them comment on the size of my cock.
Meredith finally turned back to the camera. "So, it seems that GuyNextDoor is actually my next-door neighbour. In hindsight it was stupid of me not to see this coming I guess. This is kind of crazy. Sorry guys, I need to pause the broadcast for a minute," Meredith said flabbergasted and the screen quickly went blank.
I looked back over the window at them and the two girls were clearly in conversation, laughing and slapping each other in the shoulder. Meredith stepped over to the window once more and gazed back over at me. I had sat back down comfortably on the office chair now, and my cock was pointing into the air and no longer in my grip. Boldly, I waved at her. She paused for a moment and waved playfully back before joining Tammy back on the bed.
After a few moments the broadcast resumed, and my two beautiful neighbours appeared back on the screen. A message appeared on the screen that made my jaw drop almost as much as it had when I realised Tammy was the secret friend.Tip goal has changed: 500 dollars to invite my neighbour to join us.I was even more surprised when the audience quickly began to flood her pot with tips of all kinds of denominations, and she surpassed the goal within a matter of seconds.
"Well Guy. Looks like you get to come over and join us, if you wanted to that is," Meredith smiled wildly into the camera.
Tammy's smile rivalled Meredith's. "The audience are not going to be the only people disappointed if you don't."
How could I resist such an invitation? I knew I wanted them both badly already, but I hadn't expected it to be this easy for them to come up with the idea. Blackmail was on the cards a short while ago, but I was thoroughly relieved that I didn't have to go through with that to get what I wanted. I had already begun to struggle to stuff my firm cock back into my jeans so that I could make the journey next door.
GuyNextDoor: I'll be right over.
"Oh my god, I can't believe we're doing this," Meredith said still in shock. "Ok Guy, I'll meet you at the door. Don't knock on it!"
I swiftly made my way over to the house next door with a growing sense of anticipation end excitement building up inside me. Patiently, I waited outside the front door, careful to linger just to the side to allow me enough time to dive into the bushes and hide in case any of her family were to decide to leave the house. The click of lock came quietly, and the door opened slowly. Meredith stood there in all her glory with a cute and flirty smile and wearing nothing other than the baggy t-shirt. She pressed a finger to her lips to silently order me to be quiet and then gesture me to follow her in with the same finger. I obeyed and stepped into their home careful not to make any noise as I closed the door behind me. The television in the living room was loud and I heard the voices of Holly and Tom chatting even louder over it. We crept upstairs stealthily and as we entered her bedroom the music she was playing began to drown the sound of her parents out.
Tammy was sat at the desk in front of the camera now and was giving the audience a closer look at her foreign beauty. She smiled as we quietly snuck into the room and closed the door behind us. "Hello Guy!" she said with a playful emphasis on the final word.
"Hello..." I greeted her but had to stop myself from saying her name as I wasn't sure if they wanted the audience knowing their real names.
"Tamara," Meredith continued for me. "Meri is fine for me. How long have you been watching me Guy?"
"Last night was the first time. A friend at the party recognised you and told me about you," I answered as she lingered in front of me, smiling sweetly.
"I'm famous!" she replied with a laugh and was about to usher me into view of the camera before she stopped herself. "Wait. Are you ok with being on the camera because I've got a mask you can wear if not? You know, with the wife and all," she whispered.
I pondered for a moment and decided it might not have been a good idea to have my face appear. If Joel had recognised Meredith so easily then the same could happen to me. Joel might have been watching, and he would certainly know it was me now, but he already knew some of the bad things I was up to anyway so I didn't particular care about him catching on. "That might be best," I finally replied.
Meredith stepped over to her wardrobe and began to search inside. "We had a superhero costume party a little while back," she said as she lifted a black mask out and stepped back over to me. She lifted the mask around my eyes and smiled as she ran her fingertips across the stubble of my cheek. "Might be a little tight on you but it should do the trick. There, sexy. Superperv!"
"Thanks," I answered and allowed her to continue escorting me towards the edge of the bed and into the view of her audience.
Tammy had already lifted herself from the chair and pushed it aside to await us on the bed. We both sat on the edge of the bed with Meredith on one side of me and Tammy on the other. My cock had already sprung back into action and was bulging in my jeans just at the mere proximity of the two gorgeous and wanton neighbours beside me.
"Hey guys, we're back. This is Guy," she giggled into the camera. "Tamara, give him a little kiss."
Tammy obliged and twisted herself to lean forward and eagerly place her lips against mine. Her lips were soft and warm, and her tongue traced against my lips enticing my own out to meet it. She moaned softly and placed her delicate hand against my chest as the kiss grew firmer. I reciprocated the touch and pressed my hand into her chest to fondle roughly at the two large fake breasts underneath her tank top. Meredith sat there watching the two of us make out while running her hand between her legs to gently rub against her pussy.
"Hot," she replied with playful laughter and turned back towards the camera. "Sorry guys, there's not going to be much involvement for you with this show. We just want to have our own fun. But we'll allow you to watch at least. My turn."
Meredith wrapped her fingers around my neck and pulled me away from Tammy's kiss to press her own lips into me. Tammy moaned in disappointment briefly, but her moans shifted back into delight as she went about watching me kiss my nineteen-year-old neighbour instead. Meredith's lips were sweet and tasted of cherry, and her tongue danced a little more delicately into mine than Tammy's had. I moaned loudly as I allowed my two neighbours to playfully fight over me and use me for their own pleasure.
Tammy's lips dropped to my neck, kissing my skin as Meredith moaned sweetly into my mouth. I moaned back into hers as I felt Tammy's fingers cupping softly at the firm bulge protruding from my lap.
"Someone's excited," she purred.
Meredith pulled away from my lips to look down and touch my erection for herself. "Sure is. Let's get a better look," she answered and began to tug roughly at my jeans. With each pop of its buttons the jeans became less tight against my cock and I sighed in relief as Meredith finally unfastened the final button and yanked my cock out from within to proudly display it to her audience. "See, told you he looked big," she giggled to Tammy.
Tammy quickly slid from the edge of the bed and dropped to her knees before me. My cock jutted out from my jeans as Meredith wrapped her fingers around its thick base and aimed it towards the gorgeous Filipino face. Tammy tentatively teased the head of my prick with her wet tongue and Meredith moaned into my ear as she watched her friend began to slide me inside her lips. The warm moistness of Tammy's mouth quickly began to engulf my cock and she was soon sliding me deep into her throat.
"She's so hot isn't she?" Meredith whispered into my ear as she nibbled against my earlobes.
"You both are," I moaned back and turned to kiss her deeply once more.
My hands wandered across Meredith's chest to pinch at her tiny breasts and the swollen nipples upon them. She moaned deeper into my kiss and her fingers tightened around the base of my shaft as Tammy's lips brushed against them. Tammy's tongue expertly swirled around my pulsating length as she began to bob her head up and down into my lap.
Meredith pulled from my kiss and looked back down at her friend. "Show him your gorgeous tits," she ordered of her.
Tammy gasped as she released my swollen prick from her lips and saliva poured down around my purple head. Deftly she peeled her tank top off, and quickly unclasped her bra to allow her huge breasts to spill out from within it. Her bronze fleshy mounds were even larger now that they were free, and she had two dark areolas and huge swollen nipples upon them.
"You like them Guy?" Meredith asked as she began to stroke her fingers up the length of my throbbing shaft in the absence of Tammy's mouth.
"They're amazing," was all I could reply under a soft moan.
"Fuck him with them," she ordered Tammy.
Tammy nodded and shuffled further between my legs to bring her breasts closer to me, and quickly wrapped them around my slick cock as Meredith released her grip. She pressed her fingers into the side of each breast and held them tight around my length as she began to bob her torso up and down to massage me with her tits. Meredith leaned over to spit a glob of saliva against the head of my prick to lubricate it further. I leaned back, rolling my head into the air and moaned loudly into the air.
"Shush," Meredith said and placed her hand over my mouth to keep me quiet. "Can't have any male sounds coming out of the room. My parents think I've only got Tamara here," she whispered.
I nodded and stifled my moans enough for Meredith to feel comfortable enough to remove her hand from my lips. "Give me something else to keep quiet then," I said and pulled her back to kiss me deeply once more.
As our lips collided and our tongues danced passionately together, I lowered my left hand into her lap and hitched her t-shirt up around her waist to explore between her thighs. She wasn't wearing any underwear so her pussy was now exposed to the camera and the audience watching through it. My fingers quickly found her tight cunt and began to press between her moist labia and massage at her swollen clit. Meredith purred into my kiss and she soon began to soak my fingertips in her sweet pussy juice.
Tammy's continued to stroke my cock between her breasts and occasionally released it to lower her lips and suck it hungrily into her mouth to coat me with more of her natural lubricant. Her cleavage was becoming slicker each time she alternated between her mouth and her tits.
I began to curl to my fingers inside Meredith and the walls of her soaked cunt gripped tightly onto my digits. She broke from my lips to whimper softly into the air as her hips rocked against my hand eager to take me deeper inside her. Tammy's gaze switched between the sight of my fingers fucking her friend to stare pleadingly into my eyes and I took it as a sign that she was eager to taste Meredith once more. I released my fingers from the young pussy and offered them to Tammy who happily sucked them into her lips and moaned at the sweet flavour I fed her with.
Meredith's arse fell from the bed and she landed onto the floor beside Tammy. She swiftly pulled the t-shirt from her body to fully expose her supple naked body and took my hand in hers to usher me onto my feet before them both. Quickly, I stepped out of my jeans, shoes and socks, and kicked the aside while peeling the t-shirt from my back. Naked, I stared down in delight at the two gorgeous girls below me who looked up longingly at my throbbing pink cock as if praying to it. Their two mouths instantly lifted to my prick, Tammy's on the underside of my shaft while Meredith lapped slowly at the precum oozing from its tip. They quickly set about sucking me slowly in, each taking turns to press my length into the back of their throat and then offering it to the other to do the same. Meredith gagged as she struggled to take me fully into her throat and gasped for air as my cock fell free from her mouth for Tammy to catch it in hers instead. She fucked me with her mouth with a little more ease than Meredith had. They began to kiss deeply holding me steady between their lips and their tongues danced around each other's and the head of my prick. With a silent but knowing gaze to each other they instantly began to slide their lips around each side of my shaft and fuck my length with their two mouths so completely in sync with each other that I wondered if this was not the first cock they had shared.
The pleasure of the two mouths was divine and filled me completely full of lust. I had almost completely forgotten about the audience watching us but as I finally caught sight of the chat room for the broadcast I could see the messages pouring in about how lucky I was, and they weren't wrong. I was in heaven. Meredith and Tammy finally released their mouths from my swollen cock and gazed up at me with two gorgeous smiles that could have sent me spurting over their beautiful faces right there.
"Show him yours," Meredith said, and Tammy was eager to obey her. Despite being older Tammy was clearly the more submissive of the two.
Tammy lifted herself to her feet with Meredith on her knees between the both of us, and I watched her begin to shuffle her sweatpants down in anticipation. I was eager to watch the younger of the two lick the other's pussy but then I noticed something that soon made me realise that wouldn't be happening. As Tammy kicked the pants from her ankles and exposed her panties for us both to see I saw the bulge pressing against the soft fabric.
"No fucking way," I moaned in shock.
Tammy smiled mischievously at me and tugged her panties down and a stiff cock bounced into view. She held it between her fingers and stroked herself with a devilish glint in her eye. The sight reminded me of the way Rachel had brandished her strap-on for the first time like it was a real cock, only this time it was actually real.
"You didn't know?" Meredith giggled as she reached up to replace Tammy's fingers with her own and began to stroke her gorgeous cock slowly.
I didn't know, not in the slightest. Tammy was so stunning, soft and delicately feminine how was I to know? She had no masculine features at all. But now I did know, and I now I understood why Tammy's breasts were so obviously fake.
"I had no idea," I responded incredulous.
"Then I hope you don't mind," Tammy replied with a curious look to gauge my reaction.
I glared at the cock. It was a couple of inches smaller than my own, but no less thick, and shone with a golden tinge that matched her beautiful skin. "Are you kidding? I didn't think this could get any hotter."
Tammy smiled widely at my response but her expression of relief soon switched to pleasure as Meredith hungrily sucked her cock into her mouth. She had both of our cocks in each hand now and stroked mine while her lips bobbed down on the other. I stepped closer to Tammy to make it easier for Meredith to pleasure the both of us, and easier for me to press my lips firmly back into Tammy's. The kiss was passionate and delicate, and completely feminine. I couldn't believe that she had ever been male.
Meredith was beginning to alternate between both cocks now, slowly taking each into her expert mouth. My hand had fallen to Tammy's arse and groped her fleshy cheeks firmly. We broke from our kiss to smile lustily at each other before peering down at the young girl hungrily devouring our pricks one at a time, until she eventually held them together and attempted to suck both heads into her lips at the same time. Her mouth struggled to accommodate both so she simply held the two heads against her lips and swirled her tongue lovingly around each before returning to suck them individually.
"May I?" I turned to Tammy and she gasped in surprise before nodding eagerly.
Meredith moaned in delight as I dropped to my knees beside her and grabbed the cock from her fingers and guided it to my lips instead. My tongue swirled along its swollen head before quickly taking it further inside my hungry mouth. The typical aroma of cock mixed with sweet perfume was both confusing and completely arousing, and only served to make me suck her even more wildly.
"Holy fuck that's hot," Meredith purred before lowering her lips and swallowing Tammy's balls.
I wondered what the audience were saying in the chat room beside us, but I couldn't peel myself from the delicious prick inside my throat to look. Meredith's hand was wrapped tight back around my own cock again and she was pumping wildly at me causing me to moan loudly around Tammy's shaft. Tammy had her fingers deep into my hair now and was holding me down not allowing me any respite from sucking.
"I had no idea you were like this Ric... Guy," Meredith said almost forgetting herself. "Fuck I'm so wet. One of you needs to fuck me."
As much as pleasuring Tammy was driving me wild, I craved the feeling of Meredith's tight cunt around me too, so I pressed back against their grip and released the cock finally from my lips. "That's all me, I get the feeling you've already had it," I said to Tammy as I stood up and kissed the taste of her own cock into her lips briefly. "Get on the bed, both of you."
They nodded and both shuffled onto the bed with Tammy on her knees and Meredith on all fours facing her. Meredith quickly took Tammy's prick back into her mouth deeply and lifted her arse into the air to expose her gorgeous cunt to me. I climbed up behind Meredith and held tightly onto her hips as I guided myself inside her. Her folds eagerly parted around me and her cunt began to swallow me inside. Her pussy was tighter than any I had fucked before and gripped even tighter as my length pressed as deep into her as it could reach. She released the cock from her mouth to cry out into the air, her pleasure drowned out by the music that still played.
"Oh my god, fuck me," she groaned and took her girlfriend's cock back into her mouth.
As my hips thrust into her sending my cock roughly into the depths of her cunt I could only glare over at Tammy in astonishment. The sight of her heavy breasts bouncing as she fucked Meredith's mouth with a thick throbbing cock was utterly captivating. I thought about Dale and wondered if he had known about her at first too. Maybe he had even paid for her transition I thought. I wondered if she fucked him with her beautiful prick too; I was certainly hoping she would fuck me with it.
Meredith's moans were deep but stifled by the shaft within her lips. Her head bobbed wildly up and down its length as my vigorous thrusts sent her body forward. I felt her cunt soaking my cock in her sweet teenage juices, and my ramming into her had become so wild that she could no longer focus on sucking Tammy. She had dropped her head into the bed and was crying out into the duvet to silence the deafening moans.
"She's mine now," Tammy demanded, clearly wanting to put her cock to some use now that Meredith could no longer pleasure her.
I smiled and nodded at her, and released my soaked prick from Meredith's pussy. Meredith paused for a moment to regain her breath before spinning her body around to face the opposite way. I ran my fingers into her blonde hair and pushed her back down onto my prick to feed her the taste of her own cunt. She happily slurped down my length and moaned deeply around it as she tasted herself. The moans grew louder once Tammy had slid herself into the pussy that my cock had just been ravaging.
Meredith, once again, tried her best to keep up with pleasuring my cock with her mouth, but the sensations that the penetration of her pussy was giving her was still too much for her to bear. She released my cock from her lips once more and instead began to milk it wildly in her fingers. The sight of the young girl rolling her eyes back into her head so drunk on pleasure inches from my cock was amazing, and I would have killed to have a camera close by to take a picture as a memento.
I began to shuffle back from the bed and stepped around the other side, quickly climbing back onto it and positioning myself behind Tammy. Meredith was bouncing into her thighs sending a slapping sound echoing through the room and pleading with her not to stop. I pressed my body firmly into her back and wrapped my fingers around her soft breasts. My cock pressed firmly into her arse and lower back, and she purred in response.
I kissed my way up the back of her neck. "Do I get to fuck you too?" I whispered and moaned into her ear.
"Yes," was all that the she could whimper underneath the pleasure that Meredith's tight cunt was giving her.
"Fuck, I'm cumming," Meredith suddenly yelped into the bed as if the thought of me fucking her friend had triggered it and her body quickly began to shudder violently. Her orgasm was immense, and the bed vibrated beneath our knees.
I waited for her eruption to subside before I roughly pushed her from Tammy's cock and her body fell flat onto the bed as she panted and whimpered. I quickly dropped my body down and wrapped myself around Tammy's hips, taking her cock in my hands once more and guiding it to my lips to suck the taste of Meredith's orgasm slowly from it. As I released the prick from my mouth, I took Meredith roughly by the hips and spun her onto her back, lying her flat. She whimpered softly in delight as I manoeuvred her so forcefully.
"Straddle her face, get down and clean up her pussy," I ordered.
Tammy nodded obediently and shuffled over to wrap her thighs around either side of Meredith's face. As commanded, she bent down pressing her breasts into Meredith's stomach and quickly began to lap at the tight pussy and the sweet juices that gushed from it. Meredith lifted her head up to suck Tammy's cock back into her throat and pressed her nose into her balls as she did so.
I stepped from the bed once more and headed towards the camera, reaching behind for the bottle of lube that I knew she kept there after the previous evening's show. My eyes caught the computer screen and the audience were still flooding the chat with comments about how amazing the show was, how they hoped I painted both of their faces with my cum, or how they would happily fuck either one of the three of us. I smiled knowingly at the camera as I lifted the lube into view.
The lubricant was cold as it squirted against my throbbing cock. I massaged it down around the length of my cock while I watched the two friends orally pleasure each other on the bed. Once sufficiently lubricated I shuffled back behind Tammy and squirted some into the crack of her arse, and massaged it into her puckered hole with my fingers. Meredith looked up at me smiling around the cock in her lips, watching me tease her friend's arsehole with a cum-drunk lust in her eyes.
Tammy's arsehole began to stretch slowly around my invading prick as I pressed it into her. She moaned gutturally into Meredith's cunt, who in turn sent her own moans vibrating around Tammy's cock causing her anus to clamp down on my cock and send my own moans into the air. I pushed further past the tight grip and she soon began to entice me further inside inch by inch until my balls rested against her own and my cock filled her insides.
I allowed her arse to relax around me first, and Meredith's head bobbing up to swallow her cock was helping it do so. Once I was sure she had me comfortably inside I began to rock my hips slowly into her, sliding my slick cock in and out of her well-oiled arsehole. I looked down and could see Meredith's eyes on either side of my shaft closely observing the show.
Tammy's devouring of Meredith's cunt had paused and she was moaning into the air now. She had replaced her tongue with her fingers instead and was rubbing wildly at Meredith's clit to ensure neither of us went without any pleasure.
The speed of my thrusts into the trans girl's tight delicious Filipino arse had increased and her sphincter was clamping down on my shaft after each push inside her. The moans of pleasure that escaped my lips were becoming increasingly loud and I struggled to stifle them so that the family downstairs couldn't hear.
"Fuck me Guy, fuck me. So good. Fuck. So good," Tammy slurred as if drunk between each reckless thrust into her arsehole.
"Yes, fuck her," Meredith had also attempted to say around Tammy's cock but it had mostly come out like a gargle.
I held my grip tight on her soft waist as I moved even faster until I was eventually ramming into her anus recklessly. Meredith was moaning and groaning underneath us, and slurping each time she was able to catch the wildly bouncing cock in her lips. Her arse was so tight and filling me with such deep pleasure that I knew I wouldn't last much longer, and it was all I could do to hold myself back from cumming already.
Meredith was the first to explode, and for a second time too. Tammy's vigorous rubbing of her clit had brought her to the edge and her body convulsed once more, shuddering wildly underneath us as if she was having some kind of seizure. Meredith's moans of pleasure into her cock, and my pummelling of her anus, pushed Tammy over too. She buckled back violently onto my cock sending it even deeper inside her as she exploded. I heard Meredith slurping and swallowing on the load that was being fired down deep into her throat.
My orgasm followed quickly after as Tammy's anus squeezed my cock tight as she came. I thrust a few final strokes deep into her bowels and yanked my prick free from her as it began to burst. My cum erupted violently from my throbbing cockhead as it began to splash over one neighbour's gorgeous arse and down onto her balls, and across the other neighbour's forehead. Meredith moaned underneath as my load coated her skin while she still struggled to swallow down the other load.
As all of our orgasms began to fade, and our bodies stopped quaking, we each began to relax. I fell back onto the bed groaning into the air in deep pleasure while Meredith sank back down into the bed releasing the cock from her throat and gasped for air. To my surprise Tammy only shuffled herself a little further up and pressed her arse into Meredith's face.
"Clean me," she ordered, and I started to question my initial impression that she was the more submissive of the two.
Meredith moaned and obeyed, and pressed her head up into Tammy's arse to hungrily lap up the strings of semen I had fired against her arsehole and genitals. Her tongue lapped hungrily each glob of cum from Tammy's balls, and then did the same for her still twitching freshly-fucked arsehole too. She sucked down each drop of my load and whimpered in delight at my taste as I watched in awe.
"Holy shit! We earned another three thousand g-dollars for that!" Meredith yelped as we eventually shuffled from on top of each other and she made her way to the computer. "I hope you all enjoyed that," she said with a mischievous smile as she stared closely into the camera and began to scoop the cum I had sprayed across her forehead into her mouth too. The sound of tips filling her pot began to sound loudly once more and I realised she knew exactly how to play to her audience. "Thanks everyone, we've got to go and clean up. But if you want more of the three of us let me know. I'm happy to repeat that if you want us to. Bye!"
The broadcast disconnected and her screen went black as she turned around and gasped audibly. She danced excitedly gyrating her hips and pumping her fists jokingly into the air.
Tammy and I had already begun to arise from the bed and get dressed again. I peel the mask from my face and tossed it back onto the bed. "Well that was unexpected," I said with a sly smile.
"It was awesome. I'm glad you were watching us," Meredith said, and Tammy nodded in agreement. "You can have your tips back, we earned more than enough there."
I finished getting dressed and shook my head. "Not at all. Treat yourself with it. The next time is free though right?" I asked and smiled mischievously.
"Next time? That's very presumptuous of you," Meredith chuckled in response while slipping her t-shirt back of her body.
"Shut up, there's definitely going to be a next time. That was so hot," Tammy said as she playfully swatted her friend's arm.
After Tammy and I had finished getting dressed, Meredith quietly escorted us back to the front door ever careful to make sure her family didn't run in to me.
"Goodnight Tammy!" Tom called from the living room and the free of us froze in fear until we realised he wasn't going to come and say goodbye in person.
"Night Tom!" she called back, and the two girls giggled.
We both kissed Meredith's soft cherry and cum flavoured lips and waved as we left her front door, and then I kissed Tammy as we reached the end of the garden. I watched her cross the road to head home to Dale and couldn't help but think I had added two more names to my list of recurring infidelities.