I'd split from my boyfriend and went back with mom until I found a place. My parents went different directions a long time ago and her actions told me she liked privacy.
There was a small house for rent in the paper and I called right away. A man answered and said I was second in line before starting to take my information. First he wanted to know the means by which I was able to pay the rent, and my name. I told him my name and that I'd been with a legal firm in town for several years. I said he could call and ask anyone for a reference. He needed my age and the number of people who'd be living there. I told him I was twenty-seven and single. The man paused a few moments.
"Pets?" he asked.
I replied that I didn't keep pets and then asked a few questions of my own.
He wanted to know if I could come by in the morning at nine-thirty. I said yes, and then asked about the other caller who's interested.
"Most people are disappointed when they see how small it is," he explained.
A man who I assumed was the landlord was already looking at me from the front stoop as I pulled to the curb. He stared at my tits as I walked across the lawn before he came down the steps to meet me. I was use to guys looking at my chest with its pleasantly odd appearance, and girls too.
My breasts have a tubular-conical shape often referred to as 'torpedo tits' that grab people's attention. I usually dress to downplay them, but I can't help if people gawk at how I naturally developed. They hold my bra up instead of the other way around, but I wear one for modesty. High up on my chest and unable to sag, they ignore gravity to protrude straight out nearly four inches as once measured by my ex. My puffy nipples have a base the size of a quarter and twice as thick with pencil eraser tips.
The man who was overweight, bald, and about forty kept wiping his forehead with a towel. The sun was beating down and I really started to sweat as he talked and then led me around the outside to point out a few things.
It was summer in the south and I'd expected to go from my air-conditioned car directly into an air-conditioned building of some type, touring a yard never occurred to me. Normally I wore a bra in public, but it was morning and I assumed the house would be taken already. I'd jumped into some cut-offs and tucked-in a colored tee shirt that was now a wet tee shirt in the onset of oppressive humidity.
We walked through the front door and into an icebox. The living room was about a quarter the size of the house, but had a massive air conditioner built into a wall as a substitute for central air. The frigid air blew up to the ceiling where it traveled across the room and came back down on my wet chest.
The once sturdy cotton was already pasted to my tits as if it'd been painted on when my puffy nipples hardened before both of our eyes. I might as well have cut one-inch holes in my shirt for each to stick out. There was nothing I could do except play innocent, as I truly was.
It was surreal to look him in the eyes with friendly confidence as we talked, both of us keenly aware that I was virtually topless. He couldn't help but to steal glances while we carried on a conversation and I was beginning to like it. There was a nervous electric current running through me like being super horny, but more in my mind than between my legs. The shirt and I stretched out over the sink to look through the window for an extended moment, but he shouldn't have been looking in the first place.
The landlord took fifty dollars off the rent when he offered me the place, saying it was worth it knowing I'd be a good tenant. I signed a lease then exchanged a check for a key.
We were talking on the front stoop and getting sweaty again when a car pulled up. "It's rented," yelled the landlord as he waved. He immediately said goodbye then started down the steps, only to stop at the bottom and turn around. "I'll need a key if you change the locks, but most tenants don't," he said, having to look up between my tits to see my face. He went to his car and quickly left.
I moved my car into the driveway that ended at the corner of the house. The neighbor was very close with only about fifteen feet between us. The house sides were like mirror images with both having two windows directly across from each other and all the shades down.
Drenched with sweat worse than before, I just had to see my backyard again. I'd turned around and was returning when I saw a woman looking out one of the windows. She looked at me for a moment and then smiled before pulling the blind back down.
I realized that my shirt was clinging like skin on an orange.
I'd been in my new place for about a week when I got home to see a good-looking guy pounding on the neighbor's door. "Angela, why are you talking to me like this?" he kept shouting while hitting the door with the side of his fist.
A woman came out and shoved a ball of clothes in his arms. "I told you it was casual!" she shouted, along with a few more sharp-edged words. He was walking away when she snapped her head in my direction and made a pretty smile before backing into the house.
"All-right Angela," I said before climbing the three steps to my front stoop.
Once inside I felt like something wasn't right. I keep a neat house, never understanding why some people choose to live in a mess they've made then have to clean it up. My bedroom door was half-closed when I always leave all the doors open to fend off mold. I chalk the doors but the wedge looked like someone had tripped over it. I figured that I must've been in a hurry that morning, but when I was changing I noticed that a drawer was partially open. Again I figured that I was in a hurry, but I couldn't help thinking that once was an accident and twice was not.
Later in the evening, I'd just got into the shower when I heard a thump against the wall outside under the window. I froze for a minute, and then thought it must be a wild animal living under the house. The bottom of the vinyl curtain hung below the windowsill, but the plastic material didn't sit flat. There were waves that would allow someone to see in but the view would be very limited.
My libido instantly went to twelve on a scale of one to ten as a surge went through my bloodstream. I hadn't forgotten the erotic high when I'd inadvertently presented my cotton-clad breasts to the landlord.
The innocence of privacy in my own home liberated me and I let myself be swept away. I started to slide a soapy hand up and down the thigh under the curtain and tried to imagine what a peeper might see. Then I turned my sexy pear-shaped ass to the window and slid both of my soapy hands over my cheeks a few times. My mind flooded with images of my body stretched out over the sink and what my tits must have looked like, then I slid my fingers between my legs. A peeper couldn't see my fingers working my clit, but would've guessed what I was doing by watching my ass flex and bob on top of bowed legs.
I reasoned that the landlord had left quickly so he could jerk-off on the way home with my tits in mind. I imagined him stroking a big hard dick sticking out his fly until he shot sticky globs of cum all over his shirt. Like flipping channels, a vision of Angela focusing on my thin-coated tits from her window filled my mind. I started to feel my own breasts and pushed myself over the top. My pent-up frustrations of the last few months were released with a restrained scream that took a minute to recover from. I don't touch myself too often but knew I'd be doing it a lot more. Feeling a little ashamed, I finished my shower thinking how I really needed to get laid.
The square house was divided into four rooms with a small bathroom, all accessed by a good-sized square central hall. With the bathroom being so small I'd dry off in the hall where the steam dissipated into the conditioned air.
I noticed that the side door window across the kitchen must provide and excellent view. Never meant to stop a voyeur, the shear flowered curtain didn't fully cover the glass. I was simply standing in the middle of my home with curtains on the windows, but stark naked. I toweled my hair with hands above my head lifting my breasts higher than normal while I fantasized that someone could be watching, again an innocent exhibitionist. My nipples got hard as I basked in the eroticism of being so totally exposed while simply drying-off after a shower. I was about to start getting myself off right where I stood when I regained my senses and stepped into the bedroom.
I'd leave the window open since the air-conditioner wasn't effective on this side of the house. Nobody had an angle to see in with the houses so close together so I'd walk around nude to air dry before bed. Angela's shades were always drawn and I didn't care if she saw me with my tits out anyway.
After ten minutes I went to close the window and noticed that her shade must be up. I could see ambient light through a door at the back of the room and became very much more aware of being totally naked. The spark instantly returned as I reached up for the blind and paused, savoring the moment while fully stretched-out.
I knew it was all in my mind, but the possibility of having my naked body sexually looked at by another woman overwhelmed me. I flopped back on the bed where I quickly took care of myself thinking what I must have looked like to her. That was the first time in years that I'd gotten off twice in the same day, let alone the same week, by my own hand. It affirmed my need to get a stiff dick in me.
The next day I turned the corner onto my street and saw Angela getting out of her car. She was already walking over as I pulled into my driveway.
I hadn't noticed what a bombshell she was from a distance. She had a radiant glow of healthiness in a beautiful face and semi-curled black hair with a Jane Russell figure. Her large breasts were incredible to look at with deep cleavage holding firm into a low cut top. I couldn't take my eyes off them with her nipples shown to be well up her breast's sexy slope.
She introduced herself and said how pleased she was that a girl had moved in. She described past tenants as a string of introverted chunky guys who still wore their high school clothes. We ended up chatting for an hour while I explained how my ex-boy friend dumped me for a younger woman. "After six years of sharing an apartment I thought we'd get married and have a kid someday. So much for being loyal and dependable," I said, adding "I doubt she'll still be sucking his dick after six years."
I heard the heavy bass of a rap-mobile a few blocks away as it came closer and pulled into Angela's driveway. "Sounds like you certainly did your duty. Your time can be much better spent girl," says Angela. She glances toward the stud in a half tee shirt and gold chain who's standing in the driveway. Keeping him waiting, she talked for a few more minutes. "I'm sure I'll be seeing you," says Angela with a big smile. I couldn't keep my eyes off her swaying ass as she walked away.
I didn't have any female friends outside of work when I was playing wife and was very happy to have one as a neighbor. I felt totally at ease with Angela, but it did occur to me that I didn't actually see her drive into her driveway.
Inside, I again noticed that something wasn't right. My underwear drawer was open and it looked like someone had rifled through it. I checked a few other drawers and found the same thing.
Obviously the landlord had to be letting himself in and had some sort of interest. A wave of eroticism swept over me when I realized that I could do whatever I wanted in the privacy of my home.
Finding my Polaroid, I loaded some film in a frenzy then striped off some clothes. Hesitating to think about what I was doing, I welcomed the surge of sexuality that pushed aside all reason. I ran to the air-conditioner and played with my nipples until they were ready then hurried back to my room. Without showing my face I took a few pictures of myself topless in the mirror, with one super close to a puffed nipple. I very lightly numbered the backs with a pencil and buffed-off my fingerprints, then put them back in the same film box. I left it on top of my dresser and set the box so I'd know if it'd been disturbed at a glance.
I was washing my hair when I again heard a muffled thumping against the house and my mind switched gears. Soaping my thighs using my hands, I kept going down my leg until I was bent over enough for my tits to be seen. I turned my bell-shaped bottom to the window to do a split so I could soap my ankles. Only soapsuds covered my backdoor but I needed to push even further. I raised up to arch my back while sliding my soapy fingers beyond my pussy to my ass crack and back a few times. Working my clit, an orgasm was building when I rotated my ass up to show some pussy from behind. The soapsuds had washed away to reveal my private opening but my finger work stayed just out of view.
A wicked thought suddenly hit me and I came hard with my spread butt thrusting even higher in the air, but the thought still had a grip over me and I needed more.
I darted out to the hall dripping wet just in time to hear shoes on the side door landing. Now knowing that it wasn't fantasy, I froze-up and stood holding the towel to my hair with my elbows up. My wet body was on full display with my side to the door and I felt so incredibly naughty. I was absorbed in erotic pleasure by just standing there, and then I turned toward the window being careful not to look at it. I dried my arms and shoulders with my light forest in plain view between mostly closed legs. Turning one way then the other, I slowly dried my breasts showing mostly skin.
Again presenting a side view, I bent at the waist to dry my ass down to the ankles. The roundness of my sexy smooth bottom is mostly in the lower half, where it also happens to be a tad wider. I get looks coming and going as it is, but bent over it's ten years younger.
Not wanting to stray too far from innocence, I simply went into the bedroom. While contemplating whether the experience was real or just my imagination, I walked to the window and saw that Angela's shade was up and her lights on. I quickly flipped-off all my lights and closed the door. Pulling the shade down, I left a gap to look through and squatted on spread knees and my fingers between my legs.
I could see through the window of the first room and into the kitchen. After just a few minutes, Angela came in wearing a long patterned blouse like a robe. She presented a side view in standing at the sink and started to wash the dishes. After a short while she dries her hands, makes an exaggerated wipe of her forehead, then unbuttons her shirt that slips off her shoulders.
Now in a bra and panties, she went back to the dishes. Angela took the only plate from the dish drain and washed it again. Her waist was perfectly toned, not skinny or fat, and her gymnast ass and legs were amazing. A few minutes later she again stops and wipes her head before reaching around back to undo her bra. She took her time unveiling her breasts, then held her bra out behind her at arms length and drops it on the floor. I loved how cute she was being.
Now topless, she went back to the dishes. I hadn't seen a woman's bare breasts live since school and never cared to look them, but I couldn't keep my eyes off her. They bounced as she moved, then lifted when she put her hands above her head to stretch.
Then she bent over letting her breasts hang, sticks her butt out, and slides her panties over her round ass and down to the floor. She steps out of them and turns around slowly to present a side view again. Standing there with her eyes closed for a minute, I saw that she was getting off in her mind as much as I did.
Angela walked toward me and into the unlit room. Coming straight to the window, she turned on a lamp that brightly lit the front of her. She was clean shaved with petite lips and sported very small areolas on her big tits. After a minute she turned her side and reached up on her toes with ass tight and the backs of her legs tensioned. Hanging there to soak up my attention, she cupped a breast with her free hand then pulled the blind down with the other.
I'd held my own breast and was plenty wet. I humped my hand with my stomach pressed to the bed then rolled over flat on my back just after I climaxed. I was thinking how very badly I needed a hard dick in me and decided to do something about it.
I broke the golden rule and went on a date with a guy from the office. He acted like he still lived at home and dressed like it, but I'd been his buddy at work for a year or so. I confided in him about being single again and dropped way too many hints before he asked me on a date. He didn't look all that bad and I wasn't interested in getting married.
He picked me up and bought dinner over my objections, and then took me to a movie. I felt like I was back in high school but invited him in when we got back to my place. Now in private, he went frigid and clammed up. I got us some wine but that still didn't help. Excusing myself to slip into something a little more comfortable, I passed by the air-conditioner setting it to run full-blast the next time it kicked-in.
In past life experiences I'd dress conservative to be a lady and let the guy fight his way in, but I didn't have time for that. I was wearing a skirt that fell a few inches above my knees so I just took my panties off. Then I shed my bra and put on a light blouse that had a tendency to open between the buttons.
I scooted over next to him on the couch and pretended like I was getting drunk. Facing him, I had one foot on the floor and the other leg folded underneath. My lips were barley concealed under a two-inch curtain of my skirt that was hiked way up on my lap. The air-conditioner kicked-in with the expected result of my nipples rising to the occasion while the gaps in my blouse gave him nice views. I kept busy as the host and would lean over the coffee table to tidy up. I was getting off but only for a few seconds at a time.
It was hard to believe I couldn't get laid even when throwing myself at him, and that I had to resort to this. I had to do something so I pretended to spill my wine on my shirt and did a little too good of a job. Soaked with red wine, I took it off in front of him to reveal my hard puffy nipples then rushed to soak it in soapy water.
"I guess there's no need for me to cover up now," I said, and I returned to the couch still topless with my high beams on. I hadn't realized that my skirt had ridden up so high that my pussy was on full display and pointing right at him.
He suddenly got up to excuse himself and hurried out the door. There I sat, topless with my pussy exposed, and on a first date no less. I wondered if I'd been a little too forward. "There goes my reputation."
Angela came over the next day and we talked in the driveway. We must have been there for two hours leaning against my car with our nocturnal adventures having no part in our conversation. When I told her in detail about my failed date she said that I didn't have to compromise for anyone. I'd never had anyone talk to me like she did.
A police car came up the street and turned into Angela's driveway.
"I hope you don't have trouble," I said, concerned.
"He pulled me over the other day. I'm gonna' have him put me in handcuffs," explains Angela. She slipped her hand under mine and interlocked fingers to give a soft long squeeze as she said, "You should see," before striding away.
I was a little surprised by the physical contact, but it was more than okay with Angela.
While outside, I decided to take a look around back. The first thing I noticed was that the light colored vinyl curtain must silhouette my tits very clearly. The ground was higher than I thought so I was able to look through the curtain bottom inside the window. I was surprised at just how much might be seen by a voyeur and dragged a metal garbage can in front of it. Then I went around to the side door and was shocked at what a clear view a person would have.
Going inside, I went straight to my room and immediately saw that the Polaroids had been disturbed. I opened the box and sure enough they were out of order and had greasy finger smudges all over them. I grabbed the camera and stripped naked, then laid out on my bed. With my knees bent, I raised my ass up a little and took a few pictures of my fur mound and inner thighs through my tits.
This time I took a post-it and wrote, "Take one," then stuck it to a Polaroid in the middle of the pack.
Once it got dark I camped out in front of my bedroom window leaving my shade up with the lights out. Angela's blinds were up and her lights were blazing. All of the sudden Angela comes running out of another room handcuffed behind her back wearing only the cop's jacket. He was close behind as she bent over and pressed her cheek on the counter, arched her back and stuck her ass out as if arrested. He guided his raging hard-on into her from behind and started slamming her hard. With each thrust her entire body surged forward with her hanging big tits swaying below the open jacket. Her head had been facing the other direction until she suddenly flipped to the other cheek and looked directly at me. She frowned as the top of her head kept lightly banging into the microwave.
A smile came over her just before she backed-up then moved forward so he would fall out. She dropped to her knees staying sideways to me, and then slid her mouth over his cock and her own juices. She was on him for no more than a minute when she suddenly pulls off and spits on the floor and starts bitching.
The cop was fumbling to unlock the handcuffs as she blasted away. Angela took off the jacket and threw it at him when he came out of another room trying to put his clothes on. He picked his gun up off the counter and left in a hurry with her on his heals.
I heard his car leave when she returned and walked into the near room then up to the window. Angela turned the lamp on and presented her near naked figure for me to take in, and then made an action as if wiping cum from of her mouth. She smirked as if about to burst out laughing then looked serious all of the sudden. One of her hands moves over and fingers start lightly touching around her triangle as she shuffles her legs apart. She stops with a finger pressed over her clit and lips, then reaches with the other hand and turns out the light.
I got the message clear as day, her blind was still up. I raised my blind then turned on a lamp that I'd recently placed near the window. I sat on my bed that's just a few feet back of the window and spread my legs to give her my most tender parts. Lying back, I moved my hand over my mound and put a finger inside myself. Then I remove it and stood up to put it in my mouth and sucked on it while looking at her.
Satisfied not to up the anti, I gave a big smile while still sucking my finger then pulled the blind down with the other hand. Lying back on my bed, I tasted her on my finger again but it wasn't lust.
I went to take my shower and heard the trash can being moved. Blotting out all reason I filled the tub for a bath, then nervously slipped down into the water with my knees spread to the sides of the tub and my tits above the water like volcanic islands. There weren't any suds yet so I was laid out in clear water.
Without directly looking toward the windowsill I could see plenty of glass. I was absorbed in the eroticism of being exposed so close to a voyeur while I innocently took a bath. My white inner thighs funneled down to my flower right at the waterline. The light canopy of woven fine hair was now pasted to my mound leaving my lips smooth and virtually hairless. I traced my fingers all around my pussy before they ended up lying over my clit and in my lips. This was the first unrestricted showing of my tits so my other hand started to grope my breasts. I was squeezing my nipples but wasn't able to get a response. I moved a finger around the rim of my lips and brought my other hand down. I opened my lips with the middle finger of each hand and couldn't ever lay myself out anymore than I was doing, in good taste. Basking in the moment for a few minutes, I'd reached as far as I cared to in my innocence and just finished my bath.
The one-way relationship had run its course and I felt like I'd done my duty in not letting down my silent partner. Angela had said that my time could be much better spent. I toweled off to provide some uninspired exhibitionism to the side door in truly just drying myself. About the only thing left to do was perform cruder and cruder sex acts with myself and I was tired of performing. All I could think was that I needed a dick in me more than ever.
Apparently my reputation wasn't compromised at work. My buddy came around after a week and apologized for leaving like he did, and asked for another date. Despite my brain reminding me that total disaster had been averted once already, I heard myself say, "I'd like that, but lets spend the evening at my place."
He came over with a bottle of vodka and a carton of orange juice. "Okay," I thought. He wanted me drunk so I'd lose my shirt and he could take advantage of me. It seemed like a good plan to me.
He suggested a drink before dinner that I accepted on an empty stomach. Dinner never did happen and I saw that he was mixing my drinks a lot stronger than his. I was getting a little annoyed with his ball-less tactics but stayed with it hoping he could fuck.
I was starting to get trashed and as last time I went to change into some more comfortable clothes. I hadn't been wearing a bra earlier and my top was shear but I had to advance things. I'd left the door open in a pretense of drunkenness and hoped he'd walk past to the bathroom while I was topless, he did. I put on a long shirt with a low neckline that fell open for a great view down my shirt. It covered about two-thirds of my panty-clad ass having just removed my shorts. Before I left the room I went over and raised the blind, then opened the window and left the light on. I was going to get off one way or another, and was really liking the other.
I took over freshening the drinks to keep mine weak, and for him to see down my shirt when I'd to bend over the coffee table to serve. With still no sign of him wanting to screw and my being drunk, I couldn't stand it anymore.
Stand right in front of him, I bent at my waist to reveal the perfect downblouse while removing his glasses. Then I took the drink out of his hand, hiked up the front of my shirt, and climbed onto his lap to straddle him. I leaned in to give him a sloppy kiss when he practically stuck his tongue down my throat and grabbed a tit. Suddenly his hands were all over me but not in the sexual way I'd been hoping for, more like a teenager getting some ass for the first time. He got me on my back with his weight on top of me when I managed to push him off.
"Hold on, stud," I told him, annoyed more at getting myself into this than at him. "Lets take this in the other room."
I led him into my bedroom where he asked about the blind being up. I told him that she was gone for the evening since her lights were out, but otherwise I needed the air.
I pulled my top off and lay back on the bed and asked him to strip. He peeled off his clothes and stood there with his dick sticking up at an impressive angle, but I couldn't say much more for it. I raised my butt off the mattress and had him pull my panties off and then spread my knees to see what he was getting. I hadn't had anyone inside me since before my ex and this guy's dick was looking bigger and better every minute.
Sliding off the bed and onto my knees, I adjusted his hips for the best profile to the window. I took him in my mouth and had my hands wrapped around molesting his ass when all of the sudden I tasted seamen. Instead of being mad, I looked up at him and opened my mouth so he could see his cum rolling off my tongue. I turned my head and made sure that I was nicely framed in the window when I closed my mouth and did an exaggerated swallow. I wasn't worried about whom he'd been with since he was obviously a virgin, and enjoyed doing it being super-horny with a hard cock in hand.
I reassured him that it was okay as long as he took care of me then slid back on the bed on my elbows. I let him play with my tits while avoiding kissing, then pushed his head down onto my mound. I gave him tips on how be light, but I became discouraged with him licking like a dog with peanut butter in its mouth. I pushed him back and saw that his dick was up already and suggested he put on a rubber, but he didn't have one. I was so desperate that I made him promise not to cum in me and helped guide him in. After all, he'd just shot his load fifteen minutes before.
I was thanking god for having a penis in me when he suddenly stopped while buried up to his balls. "You didn't cum in me did you?" I asked, already knowing that he must have. "You're fucking kidding me!" I yelled as he was in a panic to find his clothes. Neither he nor I'd probably ever heard the word 'fuck' out of a woman's mouth like I delivered in every scathing sentence, if not twice. I hounded him all the way out the door and lectured that if he told anyone that he'd so much as fucking walked through my fucking door I'd tell the truth.
On the way out he knocked a plastic grocery bag off the doorknob. I brought it inside and found a morning-after pill in the bottom.
When I pulled into my driveway I saw that Angela hadn't come home yet. I went inside and checked the box of Polaroids and found that one was missing. I immediately went into erotic overdrive and got my camera.
I took down the mirror and set it against the wall on the floor. After I stripped to my socks I got the camera and sat in front of it with my legs spread wide. I took a few very graphic photos, and even spread my lips in one. I again wrote a message on a post-it, "pick your favorite and cum on me, leave it out."
Charged with sexual energy, I changed into some clothes to clean my car. I put on a short tee shirt and old cut-off's with a crotch worn to threads.
Grabbing some cleaning products I hurried outside before Angela got home. I opened the driver side door and crawled in on all fours with the threads pressed into the meat of my pussy. With bare skin from my waist to the tips of my breasts, the shirt did about as much in covering my top half as the shorts did below.
Angela came home and started over with a big beaming smile. She approached slowly the last ten feet while observing my cookies as I pretended not to know she was there. The next thing I knew I felt warm breath on my most sensitive parts then a hand between my legs when Angela says, "Hi, I hope your not busy."
I drop my head and look back between my legs seeing the nose of Angela's smiling face no more than six inches from my snatch. "No, not at all. I was hoping you'd come home," I said.
"I see that," she replied.
I backed out and closed the door to lean against the car so we could talk like we always did. My tits were just about poking through my damp shirt as we chatted for a while. After an hour her boyfriend of the week came driving up and she moved to stand almost nose-to-nose.
"You're talented, not everyone can clean their car without paper towels," she says, then leans forward and kissed me softly on the lips, a real kiss. Staying close with our breasts pressing together she quietly asks, "I hope that didn't disturb you?"
"Not at all," I quietly replied, making reality adjustment. She backed up with a different smile, as if looking into me.
As she's walking away she stopped and turned around, "Some fat guy was hanging around your backyard the other night and I told him I was calling the cops."
My mother gave my ex-boyfriend my number and he called, he wanted to talk to me so
I let him come over. He explained that he hadn't realized what our relationship was worth until I was gone and that he wanted to get back together. With the blinds down we both undressed ourselves and he fucked the hell out of me with his sizable cock, just what I though I needed.
We didn't talk about anything real after sex, pretty much ignoring the fact that he dropped me like a rock. I was thinking he might help himself to the refrigerator or turn on my TV and watch sports.
When he left I told him that I was going another direction and not to call again.
A day later I got home and found a Polaroid stained by a big puddle of semi-dried cum overflowing onto my dresser.
I took the mirror off the wall but this time I laid it on the floor. After stripping naked I squatted over it and took my most creative and graphic photos yet. I attached another post-it, "I'll put on a show for you tonight just after dark, no shower."
Angela stopped over and we talked on my steps. We sat with our shoulders nudging each other when we laughed.
"I need to go," I said. I took the initiative and brought my shoulder around while lifting my chin, she brought her mouth down and we kissed lightly. I dropped my head to rest on her chest while her hand was cradling my head. She took hold of my hand and turned it palm up, then moved her hand over mine so we were palm to palm. We ever so lightly touched fingertips to fingertips in silent soulful communication for a little while.
Without moving, I said I had to go for a second time. I looked up for my goodbye kiss, then said, "I have some business to take care of with the landlord...you should see."
I was waiting behind the shed at the back of the yard when I heard someone finding their way through the bushes, the kitchen side of the house wasn't open like the other.
The only light came from the ceiling fixture in the hall since I made it a point to keep other lights turned off for a voyeur's viewing pleasure and feeling of security.
It was pitch black out so I slowly made my way along the fence while he was still generating foot noise. Sure enough I could see the landlord's face peering in so I crept closer until I was in front of the steps blocking his escape. I raised the camera and said, "stay there," then pressed the button and captured his surprised face. "Hey landlord, come inside."
"Don't talk, I don't want to hear it," I instructed. "If this ruins your life or marriage, or you lose your job its by your own doing. You're going to find out what its like to never know when you're in private. I could call the cops, my neighbor will back me up and say you were in my backyard a few nights ago." He started to say something but I interrupted, "I said don't talk, you may leave anytime you wish but you understand the consequences. It's only for the evening and nobody will ever know."
We moved to the bedroom where I'd earlier made sure that the blind was raised and lights were on. "Strip for your nightly shower," I instructed.
He motioned toward the window.
"Just take orders," I commanded. "Maybe someone is looking at your body and maybe not." I took my shirt off to show my bare breasts and his eyes popped out. "Nobody should be out there, but then again you were." I walked in front of the window and stood sideways to it, "The neighbor's lights are out and you know damn well that there's nobody else lurking outside." I turned to the window and dropped my shorts to show him my ass having nothing on underneath. At the same time I put my fingers between my legs in front toward Angela. I stepped out of my shorts and turned back toward him standing with my nipples about two inches from his and commanded, "Don't ever touch me, I said strip."
The poor guy's dick was so small from the humiliation that only the head was seen hiding his pubic jungle. He got in the shower and I had him feeling himself when there was a thump outside. He froze and I told him there were a lot of thumps in this house.
I had him try to soap his hand to get an erection but his dick had hopelessly retreated. I told him a few times to drop the soap and stay bent over, he complied.
We moved out to the hall and I ordered him to dry and display himself as if he was me while I watched from outside, "I'm going to peep on you." I stepped outside and closed the door, then bent over to play the voyeur.
It wasn't half a minute when I felt a hand run over my ass. Without looking I moved over for Angela to look along side me. "Now that's an ugly sight," comments Angela, still feeling me ass. "Can't we just get rid of him?"
"Go home," I whispered, "He'll be gone soon," then made-out for a few minutes.
Back in the bedroom I turned on a lamp I'd recently placed by the window and had him face forty-five degrees to the window. I said not to stop playing with himself until he got a hard-on.
I turned him to face me and stripped off my shirt, then stood with my tits an inch from his chest. "Don't touch me, does this help?" I asked, then stepped back and bent over to look. His dick was pathetically small in his current state of embarrassment. I moved him a few feet back from the window and pulled off my shorts then fell back onto the bed. He kept rubbing himself as I slid my panties off.
"I'm getting no sexual stimulation at all from looking at you, so don't think you're turning me on." I said and however much of dick was emerging retreated again.
"Look familiar?" I asked and spread my straight legs.
Just then there's a loud knock at the door. He went for his clothes and I grabbed a robe.
"Don't do anything, just stay here," I instructed.
I cracked the door and Angela pushed her way in. "What?" I asked. "Why are you here?"
"Because you're taking too long," she says, "Can I help?" then looks at my chest. "And you look just as good close up." I looked down to see that I hadn't tied my robe. I grasped the sides of my robe with each hand and crossed my arms to cover-up.
I turned my head toward the room and loudly said, "I caught that pervert landlord peeping on me and I got him by the balls," while at the same time I was slowly opening my robe to Angela. I turned my head back and she stepped forward for us to kiss more passionately than I could've imagined. We aggressively went at each other for a few minutes then hugged.
I stayed close and started to whisper, "I've never been with a..." but she put her finger over my lips to shush me.
"Nether have I," she declares. "I guess that makes us virgins."
I turned my back on her to loudly say, "Why don't you come in and see his pee-pee, if you can find it." While I was talking I'd pinched the fabric of my robe at each hip and was slowly pulling it up, raising the curtain above my naked ass. She hugged me from behind and I felt her bare skin pressing my ass, then she slid her hands up and inside my robe to get a handful of my breasts. Her chin was resting over my shoulder when I turned my head to kiss, then said, "lets give him a sendoff, I want you," while she nuzzles my ear.
I turned around to find her bare assed, "Just one thing I have to do," and I put my hands on her breasts as she broke a smirk. "And one more thing," then I started another long involved kissing session.
"Lets get rid of the problem," she said, "I want you too."
We burst through the door for the landlord to see beautiful Angela walk in bottomless while I dropped my robe. "I didn't say you could put clothes on," I said, seeing that he'd found his shorts. He removed them and Angela got on her knees to look, "where is it?" she asked, the site of her and her body intimidated him into going frigid again.
"You're supposed to be trying to get an erection," I said. I turned to Angela and pulled her shirt up and over her breasts, then over her head and pushed her back on the bed. I sat on the edge and lay back between her legs with her mound under my neck and head flat against on her tummy. Her hands were stroking my head and hair. I turned over and crawled up along her side and draped my arm over her with our legs entangled. She had her fingers probing around the outside of my pussy when I looked to see that he now had a dick. "He's got to go, now," I said quietly then went to kiss her. Both of us had our mouths open long before or lips met.
"Have you seen the pictures I made for him to find when he was in my house? "I burst out enthusiastically.
I put on my robe while Angela got into her panties and shirt. "No, let me see." She joins in the spirit and spread them out on the dresser. "I really like this one," she says pointing to the one with me spreading my lips. "This one shows a little more than even I'd feel comfortable with," holding up one where I was squatting.
"I was caught up in the moment," I said amused, happily finding myself in a private lesbian relationship with no other desires. As natural as can be, I was more comfortable with Angela than anyone else I'd ever known or could know. "Here's the best," and I presented the one that he came on.
"He came on you!" she exclaims. "I have to see this." She picked out the one where I was spreading my lips and ushered him into the bathroom while I stood in the hall for more room.
Angela put the picture on the vanity top and said to me, "This is the least we can do for him, got any vinyl gloves?"
"Only the heavy ones for dishwashing," I said.
"Rubbers?"
"Nope," I replied, and she made a "shame-on-you" with her fingers.
"The hand soap is anti-bacterial," I said hopefully.
"That'll work, who knows where he's paid for sex. Ah...there it is. I'll make short work of this."
"Give him some inspiration, take you're shirt off," she told me. I'd like to look at them myself.
Angela got him hard and pulled him forward, then aimed his dick to shoot his jism on my spread pussy. She hurried to wash her hands, saying, "At least I know when a guy's about to cum," while looking at me. She pushes me against a door and holds me with her chest, "I haven't been able to keep my eyes off of you since you moved in. I can't let you deal with this person, your moving in with me," she states, then turned to the landlord, "and she won't pay anymore rent while we take our time moving." Leaning in she says, "do you have any objections?"
"Not at all," I replied deadpan and opened my mouth to dive into another long kissing session. "Oh, hold on," I said. She dropped my leg so I could slip away into the bedroom, coming back with the box of Polaroids. "Here's your parting gift." I went to pick-up the newest photo of me with his cum on it, but it was dripping.
"Don't touch it!" shouts Angela, as I got it into the box.
I showed the picture of him peeping at the side door. "This one's mine. I didn't see that you had your dick out, but I guess it was easy to miss. Get dressed and get out of here," I said.
I lowered the blinds while Angela threw a tee shirt over the lampshade to dim the room. We hugged full body to full body and fell to the bed on our sides while making out. We both like men and hard dicks, we just don't want to live with one. "I know a few we can share that'll dog us both until dawn, then go home."
We bared out souls with Angela having much more to bare than I did, and didn't to engage in sex until we fell into it. I don't need to share what we do, we like our privacy.