So now I had Jack where I wanted him for a change. He didn't want it, at least I didn't think he did, but I had his boxer briefs and he was naked in front of me and 4 other girls, with an erection.
His face was really red, his cock sticking mostly straight up, his balls dangling under it.
And the girls were all laughing or giggling at him. Staring at him, or at least his hardon. He had to be really embarrassed.
Each one of the girls took a turn to be right in front of him and stare at his cock, then smirking, up to his face. He was trying to be cool about it, but I think he wasn't succeeding very well.
Then I stepped up to him and looked in his eyes and then gripped the shaft, squeezing it, then I stroked him a few times. His eyes closed and he involuntarily bucked his hips forward. I motioned to Sandy and her hand replaced mine and she stroked him too. Pre-cum was oozing out of the tip of his cock. He was turned on, I knew it. He knew it too.
After Sandy did it a few times, another girl replaced her, holding his dick, then stroking it, then another, until all of them had a chance to feel him, stroke him, giggle.
They spent the next two hours teasing him and he never went down, never came. He was a walking hardon. Sandy called a friend and asked her to bring some more girls over without Jack knowing about it. She had the girl call her when they got close and she took Jack by the dick and pulled him to the front door and when the doorbell rang he got this panicked look on his face, but she just kept her hand on his dick, and then opened the door. To five more girls.
Now, Jack is not small, not huge either, but she was holding him down at the base of his shaft and most of his dick was right out in the open. The girls burst out laughing, she waved them in and when they were through the door, she let go of him so it was all out in the open. Erect, Jack naked, balls hanging down. I knew that he was excited, embarrassed but excited. And the five new girls wanted to "Inspect him". So he had to stand in front of each of them and let them look at it. Most of them had a good feel of him too.
Pretty soon he told all of us if we kept feeling him he was going to cum. There were two schools of thought on that. Some of the girls wanted to see him cum, most didn't, so we stopped the feeling.
But we kept him naked. All day long. And he had another day to go, too.
Later that night, all the girls left, giggling, except for me and Sandy. By a long time before that Jack had lost his hardon and was just dangling.
So we were just sitting around and Jack looked at me and said...
"I'm gonna fuck your ass off tonight Sabine."
Sandy giggled.
"Are you really going to let him?"
"I suppose. He's been a good boy today."
"Can I watch?"
I was shocked. Sandy wanted to watch me fuck? She was a friend but not that good of a friend, I thought.
Jack, however, thought it was a great idea.
"Right up your alley, Sabine. You like to show off."
I had on one of the new outfits Jack had bought me. Sandy had told me that it looked obscene on me.
I wasn't really paying attention and Jack got behind me, his left arm around me and holding my right arm. Then his right hand unzipped the garment and grabbed the fabric on the shoulder and pulled down. It slid over me and my right boob popped out, nipple erected because of the fabric rubbing over it. Sandy giggled. Jack worked it down my arm and then off. His right arm went around me and the left hand grasped the fabric on my left shoulder and pulled, my left tit popping out. Down and off my arm and he pushed it down, first left, then right, until it was down on my hips.
"Jack, damn it, stop, stop!"
Jack was probably 70 pounds heavier than me, a lot stronger and he pushed me down on the carpet, flattened me out and sat on my lower back. He began to work my garment over my ass and soon that was out also. Then down my legs. I was kicking, but it did no good. He was just that much stronger than I was. I could feel his balls resting on my back. He worked the garment down my legs and off of one foot and then he rolled me over on my back, forcing my left leg out and getting between my legs.
I squirmed under him and started hitting him, ineffectually. He easily took hold of my arms and tried to get his dick in place but it only slid over my slit. It wasn't working like he wanted, but the friction was making me aroused, even as I was being forced.
"Push my cock down."
I saw Sandy ease forward and in horror saw her reach out and push him down. I squirmed under him even more, but he was finally lined up and the tip went in. I saw that Sandy was watching avidly. I squirmed harder and the tip slipped out of me.
Nothing was said, Sandy just pushed him down again, and this time he got the whole head in me. I was wet. He looked down at me.
"Gonna fuck you Sabine, with your friend watching. Seeing what a slut you are."
And then his hips flexed forward and he was in up to his balls. I gasped. Sandy giggled. I was naked except for the garment dangling off one foot, Jack's cock buried in me.
"Jesus, Sabine, you are so damn hot and tight!"
And then his hips went back and forward and his cock slid out and then back in, Sandy at my head, watching the thick tube of him splitting me. I could feel his loose ball sack hitting my ass as he pumped into me. I tilted my head back and saw Sandy kneeling by it, avidly watching as Jack thrust into me. I looked down and saw his cock going in and out of me, Jack held up on his arms above me.
Then I felt a pair of hands on my tits and saw Sandra pressing down on them. I was shocked, but her hands felt good on me. She had never seen me naked before and the first time I was getting fucked in front of her!
She rubbed her palms over my tits and if my nipples weren't hard before, they sure were now. Jack says to her...
"Suck on them."
I watched in horror as Sandy's face came down and her lips closed over my right nipple. A gentle sucking, I gasped again and starting grinding my hips against Jack. Too much stimulation to resist fucking back at him. Jack kept pumping into me, his thick cock splitting me and then I felt him tense, then the spurting inside my pussy, my unprotected pussy.
Jack had been stimulated for too long and by too many young women to have a normal orgasm. This load of cum was huge for him, it felt like a quart of cum. He finished cumming and rolled off of me, lying on his back next to me, cock glistening with his cum and my pussy juices.
"Look at her cunt."
Sandy lifted off my now wet and overstimulated nipple and moved down by my pussy where she saw a huge dollop of thick, white cum at the entrance to my recently used hole. Then it rolled out of me, down my ass crack and she giggled.
"So that's what porn looks like. It's messy."
She looked at me again, giggled again as more cum oozing out of me, then at Jack's partially flaccid cock.
"Can you, ah, do her again?"
His cock had started to jerk, erecting again. A young guy, what can I say. Jack got hard enough to penetrate me again and he got me on my knees with my face down on the carpet and stuck it in me again. This time I noticed Sandy kneeling next to my ass, watching his cock going in and out of me. Soon I was gasping and panting, not caring that she was watching me getting fucked.
He hardened up in my pussy and his cum covered the shaft of him, his balls hitting the top of my slit as he banged me. Cum oozed out of me and dripped down to the carpet. He pulled me up to my hands and Sandy sat cross-legged in front of me, smirking as she watched my tits sway and bounce under my chest.
"You look absolutely dirty Sabine. I can't believe that thing fit inside you."
I said nothing, nothing that I could say to that. Jack kept fucking me. And I found that I wanted her to watch me, naked and getting fucked, my tits bouncing around, my ass in the air, my pussy getting drilled. I wanted her to see me, I wanted her to touch me...
"Feel my tits, feel my tits..."
And she did, after a little hesitation. A hand tentatively reached out and cupped my left tit. I pushed into that hand, moaning softly. The other had grasped my right tit and she began to squeeze both of them, my nipples hard in her hands. I stared into her eyes, saw the amusement in hers and I didn't really care that she was seeing me in one of the most intimate acts a woman can do. I just wanted her to feel me and Jack to keep fucking me for as long as he could. And he did last a long time, unfortunately I need more stimulation on my clit to cum myself, so he just shot off in me again, more cum for the slut.
Sandy let go of me and moved down to see Jack pull out of me, more cum oozing, then running out of me, a streamer of it dangling out of my abused hole, my hole open wide for her to view.
I heard from behind me...
"I can't believe that it fit in you, you're so small compared to him."
She was right, I guess. I'm 5'5", maybe 130 pounds, Jack is close to 6'1", probably 200 pounds, so much bigger than me. His cock is bigger than normal, but not really huge, just bigger. And it is thick as hell when hard. But it fits me quite nicely, thank you.
But back to now. Sandy had just seen me at my worst. She watched me fuck Jack. Yeah, I struggled against it, but not hard, I was horny by the time Jack got the outfit below my ass. I knew it was coming off, I couldn't stop him from stripping me. And she just sat there and giggled as he stripped me. Jack had that look on his face, the one that said I was going to be embarrassed, humiliated.
He walked away leaving me naked with Sandy and came back with a towel, laying it on the couch.
"Get up on that and spread."
Sandy sat in the arm chair across from the couch. Jack pointed to my boobs...
"Lift them up, both hands."
I did, feeling dirty.
"Tell her what she is seeing."
"My breasts."
"No, you know what they are."
I sighed. He was going to make me humiliate myself.
"My tits."
"Turn over so you backside it towards her."
I did that too.
"What is she seeing now?"
I knew the words he wanted me to say, I just didn't really want to say them, but if I didn't, he would most likely come up with something worse, so...
"My ass."
"Pull it open."
Jack chuckled. I cringed.
"What is she seeing now?"
"My asshole."
"Turn over and spread."
I did that too.
"What is my little slut showing her now?"
I closed my eyes, then opened them, looking at Sandy, who had a huge grin on her face...
"My cunt."
"What's your cunt good for, Sabine?"
"For fucking?"
"Who gets to fuck your cunt, slut?"
"You do."
"Say it, using cunt."
"You fuck my cunt."
"Pull it open."
I closed my eyes and did that. I was getting aroused, really aroused.
"What is she looking at now, Sabine? It starts with "f"
I had to think, then started turning red.
"It's my fuckhole."
"Good girl. What's in your fuckhole?"
I had to think some again. I turned more red.
"Your cum."
"Am I the only guy who's shot their cum in you?"
My face was really hot now.
"No."
"How may guys have shot their cum in you?"
"I'm not sure. It could be, um, thirteen."
"Why don't you know for sure?"
God, he was going to make me tell her!
"I was naked with some guys, I think all of them, um, did me, but I am not sure."
"Why aren't you sure?"
"I was sucking some of them too. I knew some were doing me, but I'm not sure they all did me."
Sandy was laughing out loud.
"So you suck cock too?"
"Yes."
"Get over here then and suck me."
I got up walked over and knelt in front of him. He was in the other arm chair. I took his cock in one hand, partially erect, and lowered my mouth on it. I sneaked a look at Sandy and she was grinning at me. I began to bob my head up and down, and sucked Jack. His dick was covered with cum and juice. He let me suck and lick until it was all clean of cum.
"Lick my balls."
I lifted his mostly erect cock up and bent more and began to lick his balls. Sandy burst out laughing.
"God, Sabine, you are a slut!"
Sandy giggled as she watched me licking Jack's balls. I was embarrassed, humiliated and so turned on it wasn't funny. In a way I didn't mind her looking at me being dirty. It actually turned me on to have her watching me. Jack was enjoying it too. It was the first time that Sandy had seen me without clothes.
"Suck him some more Sabine."
I bent his dick down a bit, grasped it and lowered my mouth on it. I began to suck him. I had my eyes closed because I didn't want to see her watching me acting like a whore. She kept giggling.
Eventually I stopped, but still held it with one hand. Then I let go of it. I got up and went to bathroom and cleaned up a bit. Jack stayed out with her, legs spread and his cock, now just partly hard, kind of sticking up with Sandy looking at it. I got a blanket and a pillow and set her up on the couch. Jack and I went to bed, together. Naked. The last thing I remember was his pubic hair and partially stiff cock pressing on my bare ass and one of his hands on my left tit.
I woke up and saw Sandy sitting on a chair in the bedroom, grinning at me.
"Got any clothes on Sabine?"
"No."
"You're bare ass with a guy, in bed?"
"Yes."
She crossed her legs and leaned back.
"So, what does he call you?"
"I don't know what you mean."
"I think you do. It starts with a "c"."
I knew what she meant, didn't want to say it.
"Come on Sabine, tell me."
Sandy kept bugging me and Jack woke up and was grinning, lying next to me. Finally I did what she wanted.
"Cunt, OK, cunt. He calls me cunt when he wants to embarrass me."
"I think that's fair, Sabine, but I think I'll have a different name for you. I think I'll call you cocksucker. Will that embarrass you?"
"Yes."
"Good. I want you to be embarrassed. Why don't you show me why I call you cocksucker."
In a perverse sort of way, I wanted to do it. Sandy stood up, walked to the bed and slowly pulled the covers off of us. Jack was on his back, his cock in plain sight. Both of us were naked.
"Go ahead cocksucker, show me."
She had already seen me last night, so, I bent over Jack and put his cock in my mouth. Sandy started laughing. I started bobbing my head up and down on Jack's stiffening cock. Pretty soon Jack was hard as a rock and
Sandy was sitting at the side of the bed, watching me suck him.
"You look good cocksucker, bare ass and with his dick in your mouth. Want to fuck him again?"
I said nothing, because I did want to fuck him again. There was nothing that I could do that was worse than what she had already seen last night. Except for taking him up my ass. That I definitely did not want to do. I didn't think it would fit there anyway. It was tight in my pussy and that was made to take cock. My asshole? Not so much.
"I'd sooner see him cum in your mouth, cocksucker. So, keep sucking him."
Jack had moved up the bed and was resting against the headboard and I was sucking away, ignoring her. Then I felt him stiffening even more than he already was, Jack's hands grasped my head and held it down. Then he started spurting in my mouth. I was choking and gagging on it. Jack held me until he finished, chuckling. Then he pulled my head up and held my chin up so I couldn't spit it out.
"Show her."
I was on my hands and knees over Jack's midsection and I looked at her and perversely opened my mouth, a huge pool of cum in it. He had cum a lot, a lot. Some of it leaked out and oozed down my chin.
"Close your mouth."
I did and gagged again. I hated this, hated cum in my mouth, I realized, but it was perverse enough that in a way I enjoyed it, enjoyed Sandy seeing me naked with a mouthful of cum.
"Swallow."
I closed my eyes and swallowed. Choked a bit. Swallowed again and again. Gagged and choked some more.
"Open your mouth again."
I did and it was mostly gone, down to my stomach. Except for the bit on my chin, a gooey mess.
Sandy said to Jack...
"Wipe it up with your cock. Is it hard enough to go up her again?"
Jack chuckled. He got out from under me, wiped his cock through the cum on my chin so he was coated with it and got behind me. I felt him at my pussy and then up inside me. Sandy giggled.
"Is he inside you?"
"Yes."
"Are you on the pill?"
"No."
"How far is he in you?"
"All the way."
"You do know that about two million of his sperm are now looking for one of your eggs, right?"
I said nothing, but had never thought of this so bluntly before. Sperm looking for my eggs, knocking me up. Pregnant! Little Miss Church girl. My parents little innocent daughter, pregnant.
"Were you going to get on the pill?"
"I have a prescription."
"I don't want you to fill it, cocksucker."
I said nothing, Jack slowly and steadily pumping me from behind. Smearing his cum on my pussy walls. My unprotected pussy walls. It gave me a frisson of fear inside me. If I got pregnant, what would I say to Mom and Dad? Would Jack help me get rid of it, like he said? Would he just dump me? Leave me to face my parents alone? As much as thinking about that scared me shitless, the thrusting inside me was turning me on again, it always did.
So Jack pumped me for a while with Sandy watching me again, me naked, Jack fucking me for her again. Finally he pulled out. He wasn't going to cum for a while after just cumming in my mouth. It was the first time he had done that to me. I didn't like it.
"Suck him clean, Sabine. I want to see you, naked, with his cock in your mouth again."
I was on my hands and knees naked, on the bed. Jack got up and stood by the side of the bed and held his cock up to me. I shuffled forward so I could reach it. It was nasty, but it gave me a tingle down low. Thinking of what I was going to do. Looked at Sandy again, she was smirking at me.
"Go ahead."
I leaned a bit further towards Jack, opened my mouth and took him in. He was only half hard. I looked at Sandy, she was grinning at me. My tits dangling under me. Cock in my mouth, bare ass. I cleaned him off with my mouth, feeling dirty, but aroused. I finally stopped. He wasn't going to cum soon but he was clean except for my spit.
Sandy had me shower and dry off. Jack was still naked. He had this day to go. I came in the bedroom and Sandy had some clothes out for me. There was a pair of sheer panties, I mean totally sheer. They had no modesty panel. With them on me, you could see my whole ass crack and my slit, completely. No fabric to cover a part of me, just sheer cloth. A pair of small, tight shorts that I had to struggle to get on. A button front shirt. No bra, of course. But at least I had clothes on, Jack didn't. It was sort of fun to have him nude in front of Sandy and me.
Sandy leaned in to me in the kitchen...
"I am going to humiliate you today, Sabine. You are going to let me do it to you, girl. You may not like it, but it is going to get you going. I know it is."
Which got me wondering what she was thinking of for me.
But soon the other girls, the ones from yesterday arrived and they were gawking at Jack, his dick and balls out for them to see. He got partially hard but I guess he was used to girls seeing him naked and didn't get an erection.
After about three hours Sandy had Jack sit on the couch in the living room with his legs spread. His cock was soft, but still pretty long, his balls resting under it. Sandy got me to one side, the other girls sitting around, staring at his cock. She whispered to me...
"You're going to do what I want, Sabine. You're going to obey me and not try to stop me. I get to do what Jack does to you. You obey me, just like you do him. Got it?"
I shivered. Girls can be worse than guys sometimes, much worse.
In front of the other girls she had me get on my hands and knees, between Jack's legs. My face was not too far from his dick.
"Girls, this is Sabine, but I call her cocksucker."
That got a few of them giggling, all of them wondering.
"Kiss his cock cocksucker."
I shivered. I bent forward and kissed it. It started to stiffen. I wanted to pull back, but I didn't, I kept my lips on it.
Sandy knelt beside me and began to unbutton my shirt. All the way. Then she pulled it back and off me, baring my tits, dangling under me. It was humiliating but I let her.
"Kneel up, closer to him."
I did it, feeling awfully hot all over.
"You can feel her tits."
Jack was hard by now, from my kissing his dick, but also from what Sandy was doing to me. His hands went out and fastened onto my tits. He squeezed and cupped them, rubbing over my nipples. They were already hard. The other girls were looking at me, not believing what they were seeing.
Sandy then undid and unzipped the shorts and began to work them down my legs. Down to my knees on the floor. I lifted one knee, then the other so she could get them below and then she pulled them off of me. I just had on the sheer panties now.
"Hands and knees again, you know what to do."
I got on my hands and knees and got the tip of him on my lips and then into my mouth. I began to suck it, in front of the other girls, who nervously giggled. They could see my entire ass crack through the panties. Probably my slit too.
"Jesus, what a slut!"
I kept sucking him, ignoring the nasty comments behind me. Soon they were all up by me, watching me suck cock.
Sandy now grasped my panties and pulled them down. I lifted one knee, then the other so she could get them off. Got me just as naked as Jack. Let me suck for a bit. Then she got me up and motioned for Jack to get up, had me sit on the couch with my legs wide open. She whispered to Jack and he got between my legs. They both smirked at me.
Then Jack took his cock and put it between my pussy lips and rubbed it up and down my slit. It was horrible. I both wanted this and didn't want it. Sandy had him rub it up and down my slit for a while. Then she whispered something to him. Jack chuckled and put it at my hole and pushed forward just a bit. The tip was now in me. I closed my eyes. He was hard as steel. The girls were just watching me, whispering a bit, some giggling.
I was naked, with him just poised to fuck me.
Sandy whispered to him again and it went in, past the head, partly inside me. A couple of the girls gasped. I opened my eyes and ran them over all of them. They were staring at me, my pussy, partly impaled on him.
Sandy whispered to him again and he went all the way in me, right up to his balls. I gasped and clutched his upper arms. All of a sudden it was like it was just me and him, no one else there. But there were others there. Watching me with Jack's cock up my hole.
Jack slowly pulled back out of me, his cock glistening with the wetness within me, until it was fully out. The girls looked at it as he pushed the head down to my hole and inserted it, then slowly pushed it into me again. Right up to the root.
The girls were avidly looking at Jack fucking me. Fascinated. I was naked and impaled, exposed to them.
"Do you want to see him shoot inside her or in her mouth?"
I whimpered. Softly. They didn't hear me. Their entire focus was on his cock.
"Fuck her and give her a couple of squirts in her cunt..."
Several gasps.
"And the rest in her mouth."
Jack pushed my tits up with both hands and smirked at me, then began to thrust into me. My hands clutched his upper arms and I looked about, seeing girls that I knew watching it. Then I looked down my body to see him thrusting in and out of me. I just managed to keep from humping him back, that would be even more shaming than what was happening.
He thrust into me and soon I felt him stiffen even more, knew he was close and then I felt the squirting inside me. He reached down and pinched the base of his cock and pulled out.
"Lean forward and open your mouth."
I didn't want to, but did anyway. Jack put the head of his cock on the tip of my tongue and let go and he squirted more cum onto my tongue, three or four more spurts, not as strong as the first two inside me, but enough to cover my tongue and the roof of my mouth.
Jack moved away and the girls saw me, looked at my face and mouth, seeing his cum in it, looked down and saw cum oozing out of my pussy.
Jack had a smirk on his face and Sandy was giggling. I was completely humiliated.
"Swallow it."
I choked it down, gagging as I did.
"Open your cunt and let them see the cum inside you."
I did, wanting to bawl, but feeling aroused enough to do it all it again.
"You know what a good girl does now, don't you, cocksucker."
I got down on my knees in front of Jack, naked, and put his softening dick in my mouth and sucked him clean in front of all the girls. As humiliated as I was, I was aroused by them watching me be a nasty girl. When he was clean I let him out of my mouth, partly hard and got up to wash myself, red faced and listened to them talking softly among them selves, looking at me and shaking their heads, surely thinking that I was depraved. Was I?
Jack and I spent the rest of the day naked in front of them. I didn't know for sure what they thought, they kept those thoughts to themselves. I was now taking Sandy's orders as well as Jack's. I felt ashamed somewhat, but also sort of enlightened by everything that had happened. Not totally embarrassed and humiliated, but enough to know it was going to be hard to see these girls again.