Hi, A word of caution. If you are looking for blow by blow descriptions of sex it might be best to go to other author's stories. I like to think that the mind is our greatest sex organ. So I try to leave out the graphic details then you can use a little imagination.
Val and Annie
Mom and daughter say thank you
I live in a large apartment complex with over 200 units. We are blessed with all types of renters. Young singles, old singles, middle aged singles and married couples in all of the age brackets. There are even a few families and that is what caused the following events to happen.
I'm an amateur photographer. With a lot of luck I have been able to get some good photos of landscapes and wildlife. The manager of the complex had seen some of my work and asked if he could have large prints made to hang around the building. I told him it would have to be at his expense and I wanted credit for any that he used. We got together several times and he picked out 20 or so that he thought would look good in the hallways. It took over a month but I have to admit it made me feel good to see some of my work hanging in the building. What really built up my ego were the comments made to me over the next few months.
One Saturday late in the evening I was returning home from a day out shooting pictures. I had one of my cameras around my neck and was carrying the bag with the rest of my gear. As I approached the elevator, I wasn't going to walk up three floors with all the gear, it opened and Val walked out. Seeing me she asked if we could talk for a minute and when I agreed we went over to a sitting area in the lobby. As we sat she started by telling me how much she enjoyed my photos hanging in the building. As always willing to accept compliments I thanked her. As I swelled up, she finally asked me what she was building up to. Her nineteen year old daughter was going to graduate in the spring. She/they couldn't afford to have a professional photographer take Annie's photos. Was there any way I could take the photos at a fee that they might be able to afford.
I explained that I wasn't a portrait photographer. I had very limited experience, actually no experience doing that kind of work. It was a field that required special lighting, a studio and equipment that I did not have. Tears formed in her eyes and she apologized for bothering me. As she stood up I was feeling really sorry for her. Times were tough and everyone was feeling the money crunch. So I caved in. "We could try and do some work outside. Maybe a studio isn't necessary. The fall colors are good and if we went to the park maybe we could try. I won't promise anything. I don't know if I can do it properly, but I will try. And maybe if Annie was willing to take a chance I will give it a shot." Val was in even bigger tears. She hugged me and kissed me on the cheek. I had been without any sex for almost a year and to have a good looking woman hugging and kiss me caused a reaction I was worried might offend her if she felt it. I pulled my hips away from her body and finally was able to free myself.
Val and I exchanged phone numbers and she would talk with Annie and we would set up a day that we could get together. I made it plain that someone, preferably Val, was going to come along on this little adventure. I also offered to use my RV. That way Annie would have a place to change clothes if she wanted. Later that night Val called me and we worked out a date. The Thursday after next I was off work because of a software update would bring the system down all day and night. Also it was one of those school MEA things, so it all worked out. Hopefully the park wouldn't be too busy.
We meet at 9 am and I was surprised how smoothly it went. Annie was a natural and her choices of clothes worked out great in the park. Val was able to offer a few ideas and after maybe five hours we were done. I spent the rest of that day and a few hours after supper sorting out the mistakes I was ready to show Val and Annie my work. I also did some touch up work on a few of them with software. I was quietly proud of what I had. Work called me and said the upgrade went badly and do not show up tomorrow. I called Val about 9:30 that night and asked if she and Annie would like to come to my place tomorrow morning and look at what we had?
That was a dumb question. At 9:00 sharp the next morning and my doorbell was ringing. I had spent a few hours that morning culling out a few more that I wasn't proud of. The slide show was a great success. They both were over joyed with what I had done. When we went through the photos a second time Annie made a gasp. We both looked at her and she was blushing and her mouth was hanging open. All she could do was look at the monitor and point. The photo on the screen was showing too much of Annie. Her blouse had slip down a little too much and one nipple was out in front of everybody. As I pushed the delete button I told her how sorry I was that I hadn't noticed that before and told them it was now deleted. Val took it without any problem. "Annie is nineteen. If she wants to show the world a nipple I think it's very brave of her." Then we went through all the photos again looking and found two more that showed a bit too much of Annie. One more trip through and they picked out the ones they wanted prints of. I gave them a USB drive with all the phots on it with a folder of the favorites. I had called a friend that was a printer and he said he would make them a deal on the printing. So I gave them his name and phone number. They went away happy to have the senior photos done and over with.
Several weeks later I meet Val coming in as I was leaving. She had called me several times thanking me so much. How grateful they were and how much did they own me? I had told her that it was my pleasure to do it. "How often do I get to photograph a beautiful young lady?" She insisted that we sit for a minute. Again she expressed her gratitude and can she somehow pay me back. That was when I said a stupid thing. "Seeing Annie's nipple was payment enough." As soon as I said it I though how stupid are you? It's going to hit the fan. If I come out alive it will be a miracle.
All Val did was laugh. "It was. No...it is a good looking tit isn't it? She can be proud of her breasts. Every time I see her without a bra on I get jealous. You know...young and firm. The things that young ladies are blessed with and us old ones wish we had back." Now it was time to be really worried. Val is telling me about her daughter and her breasts. And then she told me "Paul is out of town this week on a project down on the gulf. When he comes back he will have a little extra money. Then we can pay you." Again I told her no money; it was my treat and was happy they liked the photos.
Then it got weird. As we stood up Val leaned close and said, "I made a cherry pie this morning. Can I bring you a piece tonight? Say around 10. Annie goes to bed early on school nights. I could spend a little time with you. Would you like that?" Then she quickly looked around and then touched the front of my jeans. "Okay with you? Can I bring you a treat?"
Before I could answer she turned and walked away. I was going to get a piece of cherry pie tonight. I wasn't sure what had just transpired but I felt it was kind of a date, after Annie went to bed.
Just after 10 I heard a taping on my door. Val was standing there with a covered plate in her hand. "I didn't want to tell all the neighbors I was visiting a man in the middle of the night. So I thought it best to knock softly." She handed me the plate and announced there were two pieces so if I would be so kind we could each enjoy a piece. She followed me to the kitchen and stood in the entry way. As I turned back to ask if she wanted coffee or milk or water she was pulling her t-shirt over her head and exposing her braless breasts.
"You only got to see a little bit of Annie. So I thought you might like to see a bit more tit. I know I'm not as perky as my daughter, but I think my tits look pretty good for an old lady. What do you think? Do you think we could skip the pie for now and maybe sit on the couch and talk about it for a while?" For an old lady of less than forty she looked outstanding. They were small and very little sag. "You look wonderful; there is nothing to worry about. I would love to sit on the couch and talk a little bit."
Before we made it all the way into the living room the front door swung open and there stood Annie. She was wearing pajamas with kittens on them and barefoot. I thought the fight was going to start and I would be in the middle. Should I call 911? Should I head for my bedroom and lock the door? Crap, whatever I did it was going to be wrong.
If I thought it was was weird when Val and I talked earlier I was so badly mistaken. "Mom, you said I could thank Mr. Jefferies. Why are you here? I heard you leave and I just knew you were coming here. And I was right. Here you are almost naked. Were you going to have sex with him? You know I wanted to. Why are you doing this?" Then Annie started to cry. Her mom rushed to her and pulled her into the room, closing the door and locking it. Why? The horse had already left the barn. Val pulled her daughter into a hug and began to cry along with her.
It took a minute or two before the water workers slowed and stopped. "I'm so sorry honey. With your daddy ignoring me and Hank here being so kind and generous. I wanted to thank him and maybe get some of the attention I need. I'll go. You can stay and thank him." She stood away from her daughter and started toward the kitchen to get her t-shirt. "Can I maybe come over another time Hank? I'll bake another pie."
"Mom...can you...do you... want to...maybe stay. Could we thank him together? Would that be too crazy?" Val hiccupped like she was going to start crying again. They both looked at me with the question in their eyes. I may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer. But I know a good deal when it hits me between the eyes. A good looking mom and a good looking daughter wanting to say thank you in a very special way. I opened my arms and they both rushed up to me.
I'm not going to bore you with all the details. But I will tell you I was kissing Val as she pulled my shirt off. Annie was struggling with the button and zipper on my jeans. "Help me, Mom help me." The woman with the experience had them down around my ankles in seconds. Have you ever had two beautiful women that were paying attention to that special place? Touching, rubbing, licking and sucking your cock. I can only say if you get the chance take it.
We made it into the bedroom. The bedspread went flying. Pajamas were discarded. Val lost her slacks and panties. It was wonderful. We spent hours touching and kissing and licking and sucking and fucking. Doing all the things a man and two lovely ladies can do together. Yes...Annie had the firmest tits. Val had the bigger ones maybe not as firm but oh so very loveable. That place between their legs, I licked more pussy that night than I ever had. I thought I had died and had been carried off to heaven. And this is not to tell you the rest of their bodies were not just as enjoyable. Their shoulders and necks and fingers and toes and lips and butts, so smooth it was unbelievable. Oh yes the butts were outstanding, I could have played with the butts for hours. Actually I did. The sun was coming up when Val fell asleep. Annie and I had one last kiss and lick before she begged to stop.
It was past noon when I came out of my drugged sleep. Val came into the bedroom, naked and holding a cup of coffee. "Annie went home. She told me to stay and make you breakfast. She thinks that old people need their nourishment. And she suggested that maybe I should say thank you one more time. Would you like that?"
The end