I'd recently turned 18 at the time and had only bought my first set of thongs not long before that. It felt so sexy and wrong to wear them. The way the material nestled itself in my ass, leaving my cheeks exposed just felt so foreign and naughty coming from a conservative family background. They stayed in a stash under my bed alongside my push up bras. Similarly, I loved that instead of covering my B cup breasts, they put them on show, flirting with any eyes on the prowl.
Anyway, I had bought a pack of the same style with different colours. They were cotton all round, each with their own bright, happy, sexy colours. I started off wearing them with a matching push up bra behind a locked door in my bedroom. I loved the look of the neat band sitting along the top of my ass, failing to provide any decency for my behind. After posing and checking myself out in a few angles it would lead to me taking on some sexier poses like doggy style or spreading my legs in the air. Such poses most definitely had orgasmic repercussions.
The idea of wearing the thongs out wasn't quite in the picture for the most part early on because I didn't want to face my parents when a thong popped into a laundry load. Whereas checking myself out before taking them off to fuck myself was better for keeping them clean.
I eventually built up the courage to wear one to school. The thought of wearing a thong the next day kept me up for most of the night, so I ended up laying in bed at 5am in my PJs with nothing but sexy panties on my mind, wetting my white cotton briefs.
I rolled out of bed and stripped off my clothes, leaving the light off so I wouldn't wake up my family. Digging into under my bed on all fours with my ass perking up, I pulled out a hot pink thong with a matching push up bra. Putting them on and hopping back into bed, I was surprised at how sexy it felt to be under the blankets with so much skin exposed. The linen rubbing against my bare ass and upper inner thighs. It felt so good I took off my bra to rub my tits up against the material too.
The feel of my bare skin against the blanket paired with the thong wedged up my ass had oozed wetness between my legs. My pussy was begging to be touched. The sun was starting to rise at this point so I opened the blinds and reluctantly hopped out of the blanket, laying on my back in bed in nothing but my thong.
Looking through my bedroom window, my neighbour's double storey house towered over our single level home. The bedroom opposite mine had its blinds shut but I pretended they were open and a horny teenage boy was watching me. Visualising him hunched over the window sill furiously stroking his cock in excitement, I traced my hands to my tits in tandem, circling my nipples before pinching them, opening my mouth to quietly moan in pleasure. Lifting my legs into the air I slid a hand to my crotch, rubbing my pussy through my thong, squeezing my tit simultaneously. As the room began to light up some more with the sun rising, I tucked my thumbs under the waistband of my panties and slid them off, letting them hang off one of my ankles. Shuffling myself up to the window, I spread my legs across the window, facing my pussy directly to the neighbour's house. With one hand fondling my breast and the other fingering away at my now sopping wet pussy, I hung my head off the side of my bed in ecstasy as I came. Thoughts of flashing my thong at school crossed my mind as well as the imaginary boy across from me fapping away to me, adding to the rush of pleasure shooting through my body.
When I came back to reality my neighbour' blinds were still unfortunately closed so I cleaned myself up and got dressed for school. Re-wearing the matching pink set I had on earlier, I put on a white blouse and a grey, pleated mini skirt with white high ankle socks to complete my school uniform. The blouse did nothing to hide the vibrant pink bra I was wearing, perfect!
I spent the day at school mostly nervous actually, I found myself holding onto the hem of my skirt for most of the day, scared of potentially being slut shamed for wearing a thong to school. After lunch came the last class of the day, so I decided to make the most of my thong wearing experience and do something naughty.
Sitting in the front row, I put an elbow on the desk, leaning my face into my fist with a dumb look, pretending to be either puzzled, zoned out or somewhere in between. In the meantime I unbuttoned the top bit of my blouse to expose a little bit of cleavage but not too much and let my knees part, a patch of pink between my legs visible for my teacher to see. She was probably in her early thirties and as I'm writing this now thinking about it, was probably wearing a thong too.
My teacher noticed pretty quickly, I noted a few glances underneath my desk while she explained something about oxygen needing to get to your muscles when exercising. After her attention seemed to fade away from my prevalent panties, I asked to go to the bathroom and left the room. As I got to the cubicle I instantly started stripping, tossing my blouse onto the door hook and dropping my skirt to the floor, I kicked my shoes and socks off before sitting on the toilet seat and shoving my hand into my knickers. Putting my hand there meant the thong pulled harder into my ass, stimulating myself there too. I alternated between rubbing my clit and fingering myself as I pulled my tits up from my bra so the nipples sat above the pads. My orgasm didn't take long to come as I held myself in place on the toilet and fucked my pussy all the way to heaven, my tits busting out of my bra. My legs shook involuntarily and I kicked the cubicle door as I let out a light moan.
"Did you hear that?" I heard a girl ask her friend.
They began to walk down towards the cubicles as my body continued shaking, primarily from the orgasm but also from the rush of being caught fucking myself. My shoes, socks and skirt were scattered on the cubicle floor so i quickly scooped them up and lifted my bare feet up in the air as they passed my cubicle. I held my breath as I felt cum dribble into my panties, hugging the rest of my clothes into my belly while my tits sat proudly out of my bra.
The other girls eventually left so i could get dressed again. I inspected my panties to see a wet patch on the crotch spanning edge to edge right in the centre, tapering off as the material traced up my slit. I peeled my panties down to the sight of a white mess, cum was well and truly smeared everywhere. When I lifted my legs up to avoid detection it had let the cum leak down into my ass too.
"Fuck thats hot" I said to myself as I slipped my wet panties back on.
I squelched my way back to class again to assume the same position I was in earlier, spread eagle for the teacher to see. Again, she definitely glanced my way multiple times but credit to her professionalism didn't sway from her concentration on the class.
"So fucking hot" I commented to myself over flashing my wet knickers to the teacher.
My sexual adrenaline was well and truly kicking in at this point. I slyly folded the hem of my skirt at the back up and sat on the fold to crease the skirt up. The bottom half of my ass remained bare as I sat back down. As the bell rang and the teacher that apparently didn't want a bar of my wet pink panties wrapped up the class, I stood up to grab my bag and books. With my skirt folded up I felt the wind draft from the ceiling fan breeze against my bare ass. I casually flashed most of the class my ass, featuring a hot pink strip of panty between my cheeks to match the hot pink bra that was most definitely visible through my blouse.
A keen, low angled eye could've spied the wet patch on my crotch. I gave it a few seconds to let everyone have a good look before placing a hand down to pretend to feel for my skirt. The absence of my skirt led to my hand landing on my bare ass. Feeling up my bare ass while the rest of the class could watch felt ectstatic, I just wanted to bend over and peel my panties down and show off the rest of myself.
As my hand touched my ass I pretended to panic and quickly yanked my skirt back down to retain some modesty. At this point it was difficult to tell if the wet patch in my knickers was from my earlier orgasm or the build up for my next one.
My parents had gone away for the weekend, my older brother was living out of home and my older sister had gone to a friend's place in preparation for a night out in the city. So that left me home alone when I got back home from school.
As I walked in the door I kicked off my shoes and socks, replacing them with a set of 4 inch black stilettos. Clacking around the house on the timber floors, I danced my way to my bedroom in my school uniform. Stripping off my blouse and dropping my skirt to my ankles, I checked myself out in my mirror. Placing my hands on my hips, I eyed myself up and down, hot pink matching set with my tits borderline spilling out of my bra and a sexy as fuck wet patch on my crotch.
I reached under my bed to pull out a thin, black, lace choker to throw on around my neck. Sitting down in front of my mirror with my legs spread, I snapped a quick selfie, featuring the mega wet patch on my mound. Feeling horny as hell, I strutted my way to the fridge and pulled out a cucumber. Climbing onto the dining table, I got on my hands and knees, doggy style and nudged the cucumber against my pussy through my panties.
As I stroked my pussy, I peeped through the dining room curtains to see the boundary fence and a little of the neighbour's house. This neighbour was on the opposite side of my bedroom and only had one storey. There was only one window visible from the dining room and it was translucent, most likely a bathroom or something. If someone was outside however, they could easily pop their head over the fence to have a look at what was going on. In this case, my pussy. Thats what was going on.
Feeling bold, I made my way to the curtains and opened them up all the way. I stood right up to the window, facing myself to my neighbour's house and felt myself up. Starting with my feet spread apart nicely, my hands glided along my thighs, tracing onto my inner thighs. As they made their way up a cheeky finger stroked along my pussy, before following my waist up to my tits. Cupping my tits through my bra for a few moments I opened my mouth to sexily moan in response.
Squatting down, I reached for the cucumber, using it to slap my pussy through my panties a couple times before inserting it into my mouth. Tilting my head to the side, I slid the cucumber in and out of my mouth, gagging on every few pumps as I nudged just a little to deep in an effort to put on a good show.
To spice things up a little more, I turned around and took my bra off before getting onto my knees. Placing the cucumber on a dining table chair, I faced my back to the neighbours and sucked away.
My head bobbed up and down as I worked my magic on this imaginary cock. My saliva dribbled down the shaft as I slurped away, my pussy oozing juices while it waited its turn. I wanted to fuck my pussy so bad but I also wanted to keep it in my mouth, so the solution was to get another cucumber. I stood back up and clacked my way to the fridge to get myself yet another cucumber.
Upon returning I decided to up the sexy levels just a little more. I hopped back onto the table, doggy style and tugged my panties down to my thighs. Facing side on to the neighbour's house, I slid the cucumber I was sucking into my pussy. It flew in, frictionless, an abundance of lube between my wet pussy and my earlier blowjob.
I moaned as the cucumber slipped 6 inches deep in me, muffling my pleasure with the other cucumber into my mouth. With my left hand holding the cucumber in place for me to suck, I thrusted away with my other hand to fuck my oh so thirsty pussy.
Without any clit stimulation, my orgasm took a little longer to build up but between my exposure to my neighbours and the sounds of my pussy squelching with every thrust as well as my muffled moans and gags, it didn't take too much longer.
As the pressure between my legs built up, I sent the cucumber deeper and deeper down my throat. The wave of pure pleasure and sin gushed through me as my legs seized up and my head bobbed down a little too far. I gagged super hard simultaneously with the peak of my orgasm, leaving me frozen in ecstasy. My body froze as the orgasm rushed through me and my throat recovered from the gag before collapsing forwards, face planting onto the table with my ass up and my hand tightly squeezing a half inserted cucumber.
I moaned through the cucumber stuffed in my mouth with each breath, rubbing the other cucumber along my pussy and up to my ass, cum smearing everywhere between my thighs. My panties remained neatly wrapped around my lower thighs, just above my knees which were close to touching. Amidst the chaos that was my orgasm, my feet had spread as wide as they could go, the stilettos spread to either side of the table as my pussy gaped slightly with the exit of the cucumber.
Coming down from my orgasm, with my face planted where I would normally eat my dinner and my pussy facing where my mum's face would be, I felt so sexy and wondered if my neighbour had watched any of it. I sighed, completely spent but with so much sexual satisfaction flowing through me, cum dribbling down my thigh onto the dining table. Safe to say I had a pretty good experience wearing a thong to school for the first time.