19
I have an appointment across town to do a swimsuit photo shoot. Boarding the bus, I can't help but notice 2 gorgeous girls in the front seat; a black-haired, blue-eyed gal smiles broadly as we make eye contact. I sit 2 rows back; she turns several times to smile at me. I am early so I get off a block before the ad agency to buy a coffee.
I enter the agency, camera bags over my shoulder, coffee in my left hand, the receptionist escorts me down a hallway to an office, the man behind the desk rises, shakes my hand.
"Guy, I'm Carl, this is Ben; you are both vying for this photo shoot. There are 4 models, you'll submit, what you think, are your best 4 pics of each model. We'll scrutinize your work, and one will be hired to continue with our firm, the other will be paid for 3 hours."
I allow Ben to go first, I sit in the waiting room. This is my dream opportunity; this could be my career. I ran several scenarios, while waiting.
{What will get their attention? I need an edge, how can I set myself apart from Ben?}
I devise what I thought was a brilliant plan; one I think will work to my advantage.
It was nearly an hour, my anxiety increased with every minute
After Ben did his photo shoot, he came to the waiting room, he told me the models were having a 1/2 hour break.
I entered the room, several make-up people, some stagehands were also eating. The 4 models were huddled around a corner table, the 2 beauties from the bus were there. I thought I'd get a head start; time to implement my plan.
"Hi, I'm Guy," I took a moment to gaze into each of their eyes with my best smile, and a slight nod. I pulled a chair from nearby.
"Each of you are stunning, sensuous, and extremely sexy. Every woman everywhere has their own unique beauty. Look at each other, you 4 were chosen over how many countless others; so, recognize how special you are." I pause again peering again making eye contact with each.
"I too have been selected from several others for this special opportunity to capture your 'special beauty'."
"I am here to get the best photos I can of you, we need to work together as a team, you give me your best, I'll capture it; we have this one opportunity to show the entire world; "WE ARE THE BEST' let's impress those bosses."
I hold up my camera.
"This," I pause for emphasis.
"This device is going to make all our careers today."
I adjust a couple settings on my camera. Take a few photos of them sitting at the table.
"Don't think of this as a camera. Think of it as a lover, a lover that's about to give you everything you ever dreamed about. This device will make you famous today."
We move into the studio. I tell the staff this will be a private shoot. They are not needed.
"Please take a seat, relax, I have some words, some advice to share before we start." I turn on the additional lights, focusing them to the girls, as they take seats on a raised platform.
"I'm going to capture your absolute best today.' I begin clicking. moving in and out and around.
"Everyone knows, sex sells, you've been chosen because you've got a unique quality, something special."
I've likely already taken 10 to 20 pics of each of them; getting them to not focus on the camera.
"You've shown them, you are tempting, desirable, stunning, seductive."
"Don't think of this as photo shoot, forget about the camera." clicking constantly moving around.
"I want to capture more; I don't want photos of gorgeous girls. I want to capture your individual, distinctive sexuality." I'm constantly clicking the shutter.
"It's important to forget you are posing, I want the real you." I lower my voice. "Relax, show me the private you, the nasty, raunchy, wild, uninhibited you, show me your sexy attitude. Not what you think they want; show me your natural erotic selves." Barely above a whisper, I stand still, lower my camera; all four are enthralled, waiting to hear what I have to say.
"Close your eyes, relax, think of your wildest sex fantasy. Don't be shy, be uninhibited, wicked, wild, something real nasty, obscene, maybe an orgy, a lecherous lesbian liaison. Maybe big black cocks for every orifice." Click, click, click.
"This is the time to imagine it. Maybe recall some fantastic sex act you participated in; visualize yourself in it right now. Make it anything that gets you horny."
Click, click, click, I'm taking closeups, all their eyes are closed, I can see they've all relaxed. Tongues licking lips, squirming in their chairs. Yes, this is working as I'd hoped. Barely an audible whisper.
"Maybe add someone you crave to join in." I lower my voice, barely above a whisper.
"It's happening right now. You are there, see the details, the beauty, the lust, the passion, you're participating in lewd behavior, feel it, your aroused, your nipples harden, your vagina juices oozing."
I'm taking close up pics. Still softly whispering.
"Feel your fantasy, immerse yourself in the salacious sensations, go ahead caress yourself, do it, feel it, experience the intensity."
"Keep your eyes closed, continue your wild, sex act; don't mind me, it's happening, you're getting hornier, hotter, you're craving satisfaction."
I move around capturing every angle possible, from distance and close-ups, I continue rapidly clicking the camera. Speaking softly, unsure if everyone can even hear me.
"Give yourself, submit, touch, feel the pleasure, I'm here to capture the best you. The horny, sexy, voluptuous, erotic, lewd, lusty you. The most intense intimate you."
All 4 are writhing, sighing, moaning. One at a time I whisper quietly in their ears.
"Look at the camera, open your eyes, show me your lust." I snap a couple pics and again whisper.
"Ok, close your eyes, enjoy the sensations."
My nostrils fill with the mixed aroma of female secretions, the aroused pussy juice emitting from them. The black-haired girl is moaning loudly her fingers inside her bikini bottoms, she was writhing, she is about to orgasm, I move close to capture it.
I kneel directly in front of her. Clicking pics up her body, I make the angle just right, so her face is framed by her thighs wide, and above her large bosom.
"Do it," I raise my voice.
"Do it, look down here, look here and cum. I would love to help, but I can't. That's perfect; so erotic, YES, finish your fantasy, cum for the camera."
Her eyes roll back, her face contorts, a deep exhale, her body stiffens, then her arms fall limp, her tongue licked her lips.
I had so many pictures, I could likely make a movie.
Two other girls complete their masturbation climax, the tiny gal, sits up, she was participating in her fantasy, but not masturbating.
I got erotic shots of everyone.
"Fanfuckingtastic, Thank-you everyone for giving me your best, I think I captured your best." I gave them a bow, with the roll of my hands in front of me, simulating the gesture done in medieval times the king's court.
"I assure you; I will not share any pornographic photos. In fact, after I make my favorite selections, which will only be face shots. I will let you veto them if you do not agree. Then I will delete the remaining photos, no one else will see them. Again, thank you."
I exit the room, in the waiting room I choose 4 pics of each girl; nothing revealing, just their facial expressions in a sensual, highly aroused state, one of each face as they opened their eyes with a lust filled expression. All were head shots; body shots don't matter at this time; the judges all know they have fantastic bodies. They need to see I can extract the best from a model.
I return to the models, allowing them to view my chosen photos. I am about to show them I'm deleting all remaining photos when the black-haired beauty speaks up.
"Wait, can you email mine to me, I want to save them. This was the best photo shoot of my life; I'd like to save them all."
"Ok, text me your email."
All the girls requested to keep the entire album.
I go to Carl's office to present my 16 photos, there is a woman sitting beside him.
"I'm Caroline, I own the modelling agency."
She's 40ish, very attractive, short blonde hair, minimal make up. They're whispering while scrolling through my submissions. It was rather quick.
"Wow, Guy, incredible, you really captured an electric element in these models, precisely what we're looking for. You're hired."
Carl stood, passing me a paper.
"Here is the address for the bathing suit shoot, meet us there at 1."
I open the door for Caroline, allowing her to pass, my reward was getting a close-up bird's-eye view of her cleavage.
"Guy, let me buy you lunch, I'll drive you to the shoot location." She's gorgeous, well endowed, fantastic figure, long, slender legs, encased in dark silk stockings with the seam up the back. She has the demeanor of a wealthy, elegant dame. A runway models stride, confident. I must admit, she really excites me.
We walk around the corner for lunch; the models are already there. We take a different table.
"Do you still model, Caroline?" I queried.
"Oh no, it's a young girl game, I find them work."
"Well, I'm quite sure people over 25 buy swimsuits, and from what I see, you're stunningly sexy, you have a voluptuous body, and definitely exquisite, good looks. I'll bet my paycheck you could sell as many swimsuits as any of these girls"
"Well, thank you Guy." she blushed "Very kind of you."
"If you put on the identical swimsuits, I'll bet some photos I take of you, will be chosen by Carl."
Our waitress arrives, I order the chicken salad. She nods in agreement.
"Same."
I text Jodi, telling her I got the job, she offers to pick me up, and to text her when I'm done.
During chit chat, I discover Caroline started catalogue modeling at 13, was a fashion model in France and England. After 16 years, bought the agency she worked for. Never married, rarely dated, always focused on her modelling career.
"Are you looking for more models Caroline?" I ask between bites.
"Always."
I scroll through my phone and find some lingerie pics and pass my phone to Caroline.
"Oh yes, she's definitely got a good look." She swipes the phone.
"Who is she?"
"That's my partner Jodi. Her dream is to be an actress or model."
"Why the duplicates of the redhead?"
"Look closer at that pic with the mirror. Look at the hands holding the frame."
"Oh, that's weird, why did you pose her showing someone's hands holding the mirror?"
"Nope, that's not a mirror, they're identical twins. That's an empty frame between them. I have several poses showing their irresistible, identical bodies."
"Wow, I'll give all 3 of them work. Have them meet us at the shoot."
I text Jodi this exciting info, she replies.
"They'll meet us around 3." I tell Caroline.
Two of the models come to our table, a bodacious blonde leans on the table, her loose-fitting top gives me full view of her spectacular unrestrained boobs.
"You got us all in a sexually frenzied state, and we want you to assist us in scratching the itch."
"I'd love to help, maybe after the shoot."
"We can't wait that long, we need relief, we're all going to the bathroom, at least use your talent to photograph us." She hands me her phone, and they walk away. I follow, by the time the door closes, their hands are groping, their faces fuse, and jeans are opened, dresses raised, tits exposed.
It was pure carnal lust, frantic, animalistic, uninhibited fondling, and groping. They were oblivious to their surroundings as fingers probed, the air became full of the scent of female sex. Loud guttural moans as they fall to the floor intent only on one outcome, having an orgasm.
Making squishing noises, furiously fingering each other's pussy, while sucking faces, tits, or twats. Then it culminates as quickly as it began, with harmonizing cries of ecstasy as they seem to all climax simultaneously.
They kiss, stand, zip up, and nonchalantly exit. I email the video to myself, before returning her phone. I turn to leave, and Caroline is leaning against the counter by the door; eyes glazed, nipples hard, obviously very aroused from watching the sensual action. She speaks in an almost out of breath voice.
"So, it appears you've activated some special sexual response in my models."
I whisper softly in her ear.
"And their boss as well, I do believe." I graze her erect nipple as I walk past her.
As we're driving to the location.
"Why did she say you got them aroused, what did you do at the photo shoot this morning?"
"You know sex sells. I suggested they fantasize their wildest sexual encounter; I coached them to arouse them for exceptional pics, you saw the results."
"Then why didn't you join them just now?"
"I'm not a quickie, on a tile floor, in a bathroom, kind of guy; I'm confident that invitation is still available, and I suspect it will be much more relaxed, and definitely more comfortable, after this afternoon's photo shoot."
I turned to her and asked.
"Why didn't you join them, I noticed how aroused you got?"
"I'm their boss. I'm a professional, I don't fraternize with my models; did I want to; OH, HELL YA."
"Caroline, I'm not a model, I've not received any pay, so technically I'm still not employed by you. Caroline, I'd turn down a weekend with all four of them for one night with you."
I don't get an audible response but the sparkle in her eye, the curl of her lip, that created a wonderful smile, didn't indicate anything negative.
We arrive at the mansion; I'm told the owners are relatives of Caroline and in Europe; so, we are the only ones on the property. I take light readings, etc. around the pool area, as the girls select and change into suits.
There's a waterfall at one end of the pool that will be great later, when the sun's lower. The girls are sitting around Caroline on lounge chairs.
Caroline introduces them. The raven-haired, blue eyed, beauty is Natasha, I think she's the next hottest of them all; Caroline retains top billing.
The white string bikini is a fantastic contrast to her mulatto, dark skin. The second gal from the bus is Sherry, the voluptuous blonde, initiating the restaurant restroom romp; wearing a bright yellow bikini.
Violet is a tall, lithe brunette, in a neon green suit. Janet is petite, slight, almost skinny, mousey brown-haired girl, that could pass for a young teenager wearing an electric blue 1 piece.
"Ok, each of you take a towel, stretch out on the grass; I'll be few minutes. I want you to lay on your stomach's arms out to the side, enjoy the warm sun; concoct another fantasy, or continue from this morning. Don't touch yourselves" I turn and call back.
"Yet." I hear giggles.
I've decided to make a bold move. I hold my hand out to Caroline.
"Caroline, let's find you suit, I'll join you while you change, I want some nudes of your exquisite body for my private collection." She doesn't resist, with a glint in her eye, follows me to the rack of suits. I choose a red 2 piece.
She's uninhibited, removes her street clothes.
"Dayum, I knew it, you're absolutely stunning, sensuous, so sexy," I'm circling her, clicking pics. She's pin-up posing; bending one knee, hand behind her head.
I cup a boob, her nipples are hard, I take several, intimate close-ups.
"Luscious, salacious, beguiling." She has a trimmed landing strip of barely visible blonde pubes.
"Excellent, your scent is intoxicating Caroline."
"Why do you trim your pubes, you said you didn't date?"
"I said when I was modeling, I rarely dated, my bed is quite active now, making up for all those years."
I whisper breathing hot into her ear.
"You're quite wet, aren't you?"
She gives a nod.
"You're welcome to check." She parts her legs, hands on her hips, challenging me.
I accept, maintaining eye contact, I insert my middle finger, wiggle it, bring it to my lips.
"Mmm hmm, delicious, I suspected so. I'll enjoy dessert, before giving you the main course."
"I get the vibe you're aggressive Guy, and a real gentleman, if so, my favorite fantasy is to be tied and defiled, I crave it, I never trusted my casual dates, I'd be a willing submissive."
"I would love to." I slap her butt cheek and whisper.
"Let me rephrase that, I intend to." Twisting an erect nipple, I nibble her ear.
"Put that suit on, I'll be spending the night with you, maintain that fantasy and join the others. I have a job to do, 5 sexy gals are waiting for me." I smack her bottom and leave.
I go to Sherry first, have her sit up and do several poses, on the grass and beside the pool.
"That was great, choose another suit and cool off in the pool."
Next is Violet, I have her stretch out on the diving board, her crotch gap is noticeably wet.
"I'd love to dive into that wet spot Violet. Maybe later? You like oral orgasms?"
"Of course I do, but I like dick too, and I want you in me."
"Ok, Violet, go choose another suit, join Sherry in the pool, you need to cool off." I chuckle.
I have Janet, the one that looks so young, join Caroline on a lounge chair, posing both as individuals and as a couple, capturing a mother daughter, vibe.
"Janet, choose another suit and join them in the pool."
"Caroline, place your hands beside you, legs wide, show me your white thighs, the lovely vulva mound, your profound camel toe." I lean for several close-ups.
"Do you prefer men or women?"
"Both, my favorite is muff munching while getting my g spot stroked by an adequate cock."
"Ahh, yes, I can accommodate you with that." I run my forefinger along the edge of her suit.
"Close your eyes, Caroline. You're going to get that, being cuffed, my 8" cock, the twins ginger pussies." My knuckle grazes along her predominate puffy mound.
I leave her panting, legs wide, eyes closed.
I have Natasha straddle the end of the diving board.
"Place your hands behind you hold the board." I start clicking,
"Pose for me you sexy beast, show me your most lustful look. That one I got when you climaxed." I kneel before her, moving closer on the board, furiously taking pics.
"Your fantasy Natasha, share it proudly with me."
"I was making out with Sherry, we were fingering each other, when you boarded the bus. I left her and crawled under the seats, unzipped your jeans, and sucked you off. Sherry followed me, she was under the seat behind me, rimming me, got me off as I swallowed your salty sperm."
"Awesome Natasha, I'm willing to let you do that me. I want my large prick in your mouth; and then in your hot wet cunt, I want to fuck you, Natasha."
I move back to the end of the board.
"Crawl to me Natashia, like a cat stalking her food." "My cock Natasha, 'meeoow', come get it, crawl to me show me your lust, come get it Natasha."
Geezus, that was salacious, she got me hard.
"Excellent, Wow, that was sensational."
"Ok, move back to the end of the board; arms out wide head back," I'm beside her, clicking frantically.
"Natasha, listen to my plan, don't start 'til I'm ready. I want you to fall backward, swim to the ladder, climb out slowly, head way back, water dripping from your spectacular body. Your white suit will be transparent, and I want to capture your delectable body fresh out of the water. I'll be there and have more instructions. Ok fall." I take several pics as she drops, then more as she swims to the ladder, I lean over to get her profile as she emerges. I lay on the deck.
"Ok, submerge, then slowly climb up." She is provocative, so seductive.
"Flip your hair forward. Excellent."
"I want some playful shots with all of you in the pool. Throw and hit the beachball back and forth. Have some childish fun. I get a ton of pics over the next while, they're laughing, splashing, behaving like kids.
Caroline called out.
"Ok, everyone let's take a break, 1/2 hour then we'll resume." They all climb out and towel off.
Jodi and the twins arrive, I introduce everyone. Caroline circles the 3 new arrivals.
"Guy, how do you tell them apart, they are identical."
"My secret, I won't tell, there are several slight differences, but there are 3 differences I recognize even when they are not side by side." I wink at them.
"Jodi, Guy has been verbally teasing us all day; yet he shows no sign of arousal. Is he gay?" Natasha bluntly asks.
"Oh, hell no." Jodi responds.
"I'll vouch for him also." Bree grinned.
"Me too, he's extremely talented, virile and has great stamina." Lee added.
"Serious, you all play together?" Natasha queries.
Jodi moves to next to Natasha.
"You seem very interested." Jodi nibbles her ear, slides her hand under Natasha's bikini top.
"I sure am. Guy got me aroused when he entered the bus, his verbal teasing has me hornier than I've ever been."
"Whoa, enough; Jodi, stop, not until we finish the swimsuit photo shoot; this verbal arousal is by design, I purposely aroused them to get the very best from them." I pull her hand from Natasha.
"Everyone, sit, time to chill." Caroline barks loudly as she lit a fatty. She passes it around, lit a second. A large ice chest is opened, and beer and wine coolers are passed out. There is a joyous bantering and chatting, many laughs and giggles.
Caroline came to me.
"Guy, I'm going to overrule you. You've got us all in a frenzy, me included these gals need sexual relief, I need some as well; I think we call it a wrap."
She moves to Jodi.
"Jodi, are you possessive of Guy or will you consent to some promiscuity?"
"Hell ya, I agree, I see a smorgasbord of pleasure here."
Caroline holds her hands in the air.
"Attention, please, I'm calling the shoot, we're done for today; it's party time. Guy, either you stand in the middle and voluntarily strip, or at least 5 of us will do it for you."
Natasha grabs my jeans. I weigh the situation, stand, unzipping, Natasha pushes my denims to my ankles. I hear gasps, which are quite pleasing to me. Fabric is flying, everyone frantically strips.
Caroline's tongue parts my lips her arm around my neck, Natasha's tongue is flicking my dick. Jodi moves behind Natasha, nibbling and sucking on her neck, her hands fondle her tits. My left fingers slide along Caroline's labia, my right sneak along her butt crack, exploring her dark star. I whisper as our lips part.
"I'll also be doing anal with you while you're eating pussy." My finger inserts into her anus, concurrently with two in her cunt, her response is a moan and another kiss.
Natasha has cock sucking talent, able to deep throat most of my massive member, as her delicate fingers twist and tug my rigid rod.
"Caroline, face me and sit on my cock." I lay on a towel.
"Natasha, guide me into her pussy."
"Caroline, lay back, find maximum contact on your g spot. Natasha squat over her face, Jodi, stand over us and let Natasha eat you."
I didn't move, knowing I was the only cock, with 8 hungry cunts. I need to restrain myself. My fingers tug and twist Sherry's nipples, as her succulent pussy lowers over my face. Sherry cums practically immediately upon my lips nibbling her clit.
Caroline is moaning, writhing and cums as well. There were 2 or 3 loud proclamations of orgasms in close proximity. Caroline remained thrusting for another shuddering climax; Natasha requested, and Caroline relinquished her spot. Natasha squats over me aligns and drops enveloping me wholly. Natasha pulls Jodi's head to her crotch as she lay back, her hands on my ankles. Jodi sucking her labia and licking her clit.
Several groans with chaotic bounces on my rod and Natasha shakes, muttering profanities. I grab her waist, holding her I'm close; I thrust, a few quick pumps and I ejaculate, twitching expelling my load into Natasha's velvety pussy.
Jodi French kisses me, the moisture on her lips is new, unknown to me, it's Natasha's, it's delicious. I roll us on our side, relaxing, I enjoy playing with Jodi's boobs while calming.
"Oh babe, this is wild."
Caroline has fired up another joint, and one by one the models finish and rise to sit on lounge chairs. We chill and share a couple fatties.
"Ok, it's obvious everyone is interested in continuing in an orgy, I need about 20 minutes, then I'm again available for your pleasure. I think it fair that Sherry, Janet, and Violet have first dibs, as everyone else here has at some point had the pleasure of my dick fucking them." I take a toke and pass it on.
Caroline gravitates to the twins and Jodi. I was scrolling through my pics, the others were chatting, hugging, even coping feels and making out.
A couple gals were using the outdoor shower, most were chatting, enjoying liquid libations. Caroline strolled up sits beside me.
"Guy, I'd like to draw up a contract with you to be my full-time photographer."
Caroline I'm flattered but, I'm in college and only do this part-time. I'd be happy to oblige, whenever my schedule allows."
"I understand, and what about a bondage rendezvous, can we get together for that?"
"Absolutely, I have a couple others that also request BDSM, would you be open to sharing the time with another?"
"Whatever, I'm open to explore. But I want it soon." She kisses me intimately.
"Will you stay after the others leave?"
"I'm with Jodi, and she brought the twins, I'll discuss options."
"I really want you to stay, she's more than welcome to stay too; chat with me before leaving."
Janet sits beside me. Barely above a whisper.
"I'm a lesbian, a virgin, I've never hooked up with a man." Janet is quietly, shyly sharing.
"I've kissed a few guys, even let them play and I was repulsed at their crude groping, lack of empathy, consideration, or passion." Her eyes are glossy; either very horny, or maybe the weed.
"You seem too big to fit in me, but I'm sexually attracted to you and wish to try, you'd be my first."
"Janet, I am very gentle, we'll take it slow, and careful. I'm going to suggest it would be best another night, have supper with Jodi and I, a relaxed evening, make it special for you. If I don't fit, we know other ways to give you special orgasms." We have a simple intimate kiss.
The evening was not just one large orgy; we chatted, got to know one another, swam, hot tubbed, lounged.
Caroline had Greek, Thai, Chinese and pizza delivered.
Jodi and I discuss our favorite options, having Natasha, or the twins, come to our place; staying, spending the night with Caroline, I'm sure she wants me to Dom her. Undecided, knowing all will be available another time, we sit with Caroline, to see what she's thinking.
"I've reconsidered, I'm prepared to up my offer; a 5-year exclusive contract, you are my number one photographer; anywhere in the world my girls are hired." She passes me a folded paper.
It was a very lucrative amount, why do I need college? This is my dream job, and I never expected it to pay this well, and travel, and well of course the fringe benefits.
I accepted.
Jodi also decided to work for Caroline, no contract, but it's in alignment with her dream, so she decided to go for it, she can go to college later if the modeling career doesn't flourish, she's happy to be with me.
The twins accept a 2-year modeling contract, we're confident they will soon be models in high demand worldwide, the beginning of an exciting long career.
Oh, and the mansion owners, those relatives of Caroline; ya her parents, they moved to Europe 4 years ago, Caroline has been living here alone.
We moved in and are currently renovating, creating a medieval dungeon in the basement. We already have a sex room, wall to wall mattress, room for 12 comfortably, a sex swing, many large fluffy pillows, mirrors and several built-in cameras.
This might be the beginning of some erotic stories.