After following Cara into the bathrooms, he headed into the gents to freshen up. As he splashed water on his face and looked into the mirror, he could see a pair of stilettos under one of the cubicle doors, with dark lace knickers around the ankles.
"Ca..Cara," he said, both nervously and excitedly.
She didn't respond, but he could hear gentle moans coming from behind the door. As he walked up to the door, the moaning became louder, mixed with a soft giggle and some deep breathing. Jakob knocked. The noises stopped for a moment, then the door unlocked. He waited for her to pull the door open, but Cara simply continued to make the same welcoming noises as he'd heard a minute ago. Jakob pushed the door open and finally saw Cara, sat upon the toilet seat, her legs spread, her green silky dress hoisted up above her waist, and her fingers circling her pink, wet, exposed pussy. She smiled at him through the pleasure, her eyes closing with every pang of excitement, only to open and gaze directly at him. She reached out and grabbed his hand to pull him close, moving the tips of his fingers towards her shaven cunt.
"Touch me...enter me, Jakob."
Jakob wasted no time to heed her advances. Leaning down, he slid a couple of fingers inside her as she continued to rub her clit. Cara let out a louder moan as Jakob's fingers felt how warm she was on his fingers - how tight she felt around them. After a few minutes of pleasuring her, she used her wet and warm fingers to stop him, using both hands to unbuckle his belt and unbutton his trousers. The door to the stall was still open and nobody had ventured in. yet. Jakob tried to shut the door without taking his gaze off of her.
"No," Cara said forcefully, mixed with excitement.
Jakob's trousers were now around is ankles, his hard cock exposed in front of her.
Cara placed her hands on the back of his legs, then used her tongue to lick his dick from the base, its tip grazing his balls before working its way up the shaft until it reached the head. She pursed her lips and kissed the tip of his cock gently, before guiding it in her mouth with her tongue. She sucked on the tip slowly, swirling her tongue around his swollen head before flicking it on the opening. Cara's hands pulled Jakob towards her as she took more of his cock in her mouth, her lips grasping every new inch, sucking harder as she moved up and down its thickness. Her head bobbed back and fourth, causing a vacuum of pure euthoria for him. Jakob looked down at Cara and could see her hair moving losely as she swallowed him. He placed his left hand on the side of her face and used his thumb to stroke her hair away from her eye, as if an intimate favour for her, so she could see the joy she was bringing him. Cara looked up and their eyes met, just as they had first done as they met in the bar. She smiled with his cock in her mouth and he smiled back, although he could feel a fire in his groin - in the pit of his stomach. Jakob was close to orgasm, and as his cock throbbed, the door to the bathroom opened.
An older gentleman walked in to use one of the urinals, and as he passed by the cubicle, he glanced inside to see Jakob's knees buckle as Cara's nails plunged into his thighs. Jakob came in her mouth, filling her with warm cum as she held her head in place. She let out a cough as every drop of cum trickled down her throat, with Jakob's moans drowning out the noise the door had made as it opened. Jakob's hands held onto the tops of the cubicle walls as he came, struggling to stay on his feet following the intense pleasure of Cara's incredible blowjob. The door to the washroom opened again, and both Jakob and Cara looked to see someone leave, unaware someone was even there in the first place.
"Are you OK?" Cara said with a smile on her face.
"Heh, yes...more than OK." Jakob laughed gently and looked her in the eye.
They looked at each other for a few moments before Cara pulled up her knickers and readjusted her dress. He pulled up his trousers and buckled his belt, then they both left the bathroom in succession, a few seconds after each other. She met back up with him at the bar and got close to him, then moved her lips towards his ear.
"Now, it's my turn."