The Hole was an establishment in no way condoned by the law in the dwarfen city, officially. In a more realistic sense, it hurt nobody that hadn't signed on for just what they got and it served as a way to keep more respectable patrons away from the degenerates who would partake in the Hole's product. How popular it was defied reason, for some, when the brothels in the red light district had every sort of flesh available in this world from dwarf girls to demon-blooded ones, to even the couple of elfs who were eminently desirable and their half-elf daughters (and sons) who did what they could with their mothers' spillover of patronage. Even if one had the strange taste for green skin, there was still the pair, and only the two of them, of orc women who had surrendered during the most recent war against the demon-kin.
However, The Hole had goblins.
Almine, called Almond by some, was one of those competing half-elfs and was at this moment in the process of serving tea to a couple of women in her room that had asked for her by name and paid the extra fee for bothering her on her supposed day off. She'd barely had time in the morning to brush the head of bright, blonde hair above her cute, pointed ears and wrap herself up in an airy robe.
"You two are up early for it today," Almine said, placing the china down for her customers at her room's little table. "I'm sorry that you had to come here through all of the day's setup, but now that you are here, you are the only things left in my world. Would you like to start with some music, or perhaps a dance?"
The smaller of the two women, covered entirely under a hood and wrapped further with a scarf so only her eyes glinted out through the shadows of her clothing, was only about four feet tall, but too skinny for a dwarf that wasn't malnourished, said to her companion, "Aren't we going to fuck?" with a slightly hoarse voice.
The other, a rather normal human with cute, brown curls, obviously a mage judging by the bag she carried, responded, "Lappy, most high-end places also have the girls entertain beforehand. Sometimes sex doesn't even come into the equation."
"Misses?" Almine brought her slight form up and swished across the room to retrieve her strings, making sure her pert butt swayed in an eye-catching fashion with each step. "Of course we could 'get right to it' as they say, but don't you think you would fancy a tune beforehand? I happen to think myself quite proficient."
The mage extended her hand across the table and Almine shook it with a loose touch.
"Sorry, but this visit won't actually involve that. My name is Leigh and my friend here is Lappy. I happened to hear through the grapevine that you yourself might have some connections that I would like to make use of. It has to do with a business opportunity that I'd be willing to let you in on."
"Connections?" Almine said. "I don't know what you might have heard, but I rarely if ever leave this building anymore. And no, I can't give out details about my other customers; if you're someone's betrothed then I'm afraid you will have to leave here with your curiosity unsatisfied. That said, you have paid and I would be more than happy to play you a set regardless."
"I suppose it is somewhat illicit, after all," the mage said with a sigh. She reached to the side and pulled down the hood of her companion...
Almine was careful not to show her shock. "You have a goblin, do you? I don't do anything with them, but I would still allow the beast to watch if that is enough to satisfy you. Otherwise, I'm afraid I'll have to refund and send you on your way."
The creature had mild, green skin, its face bridged with poxmarks, but it wasn't as horribly ugly as the breed was supposed to be outside of captivity. Pug gobs were slightly better still, but this being was too thin under its heavy clothing even to be one of those; a female pug gob not only wouldn't have that scarring, but its huge tits would be more than visible tenting the cloak, and a male wouldn't be able to placidly sit and wait as its master did business. Then there was the shaggy, black hair, much thicker than was seen in the wild, and the saturated, yellow sclera. What it was, when Almine had been staring for a few seconds too many for comfort, was confusing.
The two of them were waiting for the elfin beauty to make a move, but Almine was capable of tossing them out all by her lonesome if need be, so sipped her tea assured of her safety. She did, however, finger a small knife hidden beneath the lip of her side of the tea table.
It was made clear to the mage that she wouldn't get anything more out of the elf for free. A single gold coin was slipped onto the middle of the table and disappeared into Almine's sleeve.
"Business, then, not entertainment?" Almine said.
The mage petted her goblin girl's hair with a smile. "Catching on, are we?"
Almine let out a breath and slouched back onto an arm, crossed her legs even though it exposed pretty much everything, just because it was more comfortable that way. "Could've told me before I went through the effort to get all dolled up. Do you even know how much this lip stain costs per bottle? It's more than you think, alright?"
"And there it is," the mage said. "The name is Leigh, again, I'm working on a project in the forest involving goblins like Lappy here. And you see, when I was investigating the man in town here who was selling the services of some pugs, there emerged a description of a certain someone who-"
"Who goes in down into a pit and lets the stud gobs go to town on her for a crowd of adoring patrons," Almine finished the woman's sentence. "So what? There are literally thirty other half-elfs in the city with shoulder-length, blonde hair and I'm related to the vast majority of them. Try telling people it's me, all you'll get is a shrug of disbelief. After all, 'Almond never leaves the district, she doesn't even do house calls for her best customers.' and Bal'er is well known to fuck anything you bring her with a pulse, or without one, so if anyone's fucking pugs, it's her."
"I don't think you understand what I'm here for."
"Yup," Almine said. "So you should start tellin' me before I throw the both of you out on your asses. And be grateful I didn't call in our boys to rough you up either for bringing that thing in here with you."
Reaching for her drink, Almine felt as her hand slowed in the air and came to a dead stop. She couldn't drag it back or let it fall even when she scrambled onto her knees to really pull. Across the table, the mage was staring daggers, and the sense of motionless progressed up Almine's arm, across her chest then down her legs; when she tried to scream for help, her breath caught in her throat and she was frozen there, unable to so much as turn her gaze away.
The mage slowly came up to her feet and stepped to the other side of the table, out of sight. Her breath tickled Almine's peaked ear. "You're starting to annoy me, but don't worry. I only have an hour of your time after all, so I won't leave you as a statue for the rest of eternity, and I'll make sure to wipe out the memory since I'm well aware how traumatic this sensation can be. You're going to listen to me now.
"I'm in the process of breeding a clan out there for higher intelligence, docility, all that good stuff. But you see, I'm a little stuck because as it turns out if you breed the same group into itself for a few centuries you end up with some pretty horrible results. I'm fairly sure this is what happened more or less with the ancient goblin clans but that's neither here nor there. Anyway, to avoid this bottlenecking, I want to purchase some studs and some sluts from the breeder.
"But you see, and I'm sure you know, the man in charge is hard to find. I don't even know his name in fact, and he's not in the market to sell. Now this puts a considerable damper on my plans, as I'm sure you can tell since I'm so peeved by it. I can finish it out, though much more slowly, but genetic diversity is important when you consider the long-term viability of a species.
"What I want from you, and yes I know that it's you, is to introduce me to the owner as a potential business partner. That's all. And, in the fullness of time, I will require someone's services as a madame. I understand the position here is held and will likely continue to be held long after your death by your mother.
"Now, I'm going to dispel the stasis. You will apologize to my friend. Do not scream; I do not want to hurt you or any of your 'boys', but I will and nobody will ever know what happened. Ready and three, two, one."
Released from the spell, Almine fell over from hanging unbalanced in the air. Her scream was still caught in her throat and she had to catch it behind clenched teeth and shudder in terror on the floor until the feeling passed and she came back up to the table where the mage and her pet were casually sipping their tea. "Okay, I'm sorry, okay? Please don't kill me," she begged quietly, knowing that crying out as loud as her mind wanted her to would draw attention from the guard stationed down the hall.
"You're apologizing to me?" Leigh asked.
"Of course I am!"you crazy bitch, "So what, you want me to introduce you to Simon, right?"
"Not what I meant."
"So what, then!?"
Leigh patted her goblin on the head, though the thing actually looked uncomfortable being the center of attention. "I wasn't telling you to apologize to me, I was telling you to apologize to her. Lappy is a good girl and she doesn't deserve to have abuse hurled at her as though she isn't a person deserving respect."
"You want me to beg the forgiveness of a monster? Fine, whatever." Almine, still shaken, stepped to the side of the table and bowed her head to the floor. "Please, please forgive this foolish one her transgressions, I beg of thee."
The goblin spoke at last with a light, raspy voice, "Can we stop this, she looks really scared?"
"She should be scared, I'm scary," Leigh said.
There was the sound of padding footsteps as Almine kept her head bowed and soon a pair of green feet with glossy, black nails appeared before her. The goblin had the audacity to sully her gorgeous hair by petting her from above, but Almine didn't dare speak out against the touch lest she and several others be apparently erased from existence by this master of magic. But even then, this monster was speaking with full sentences and could at the very least feign compassion.
"It's okay," Lappy said. "I don't really know what's going on either, so can we start again from the start and be friends?"
Almine lifted her head and this creature was only inches from her face. She expected the funk that all of them in her experience had but actually this specimen smelled somewhat floral, and the goblin was smiling warmly. In fact, as far as personality went, this one was far less repulsive than the pugs, who had been bred merely for 'attractive' traits and docility.
When Lappy was satisfied, she went back to the other side and sat pretty in the mage's lap, like a good pet.
"She's not normal, is she?" Almine dared speak.
The creature smiled even wider and the mage sighed, placing her chin atop the thing's fluffy, black head and nuzzling it for comfort. Leigh said, "Lappy is the product of around a century of selective breeding. As you can see, she's intelligent, personable, and empathetic unlike the vast majority of subjects one may find in the wild, and many people besides. This is stuff I've just finished telling you, so are you going to tell me how to contact this elusive 'Simon' or not?"
Almine took her tea with a shaking hand and managed to take a gulp to calm her own nerves without something cuddly to help her along. "Look, the guy's sure that he's eventually going to be dragged out in front of the king and get his head chopped off, so it's not as simple as just going into someone's office and saying 'Hi, I'd like to purchase some of your wares, good sir!' I haven't even met him yet, and it takes some doing to make sure nobody notices the nest egg I'm gathering up doing this side business. If mom found out I was going out and making my own money by getting with those mon- those you know whats I'd be lucky if all I got was a few lashes on the ass!"
"Hmm? But you did just say that you weren't the one going out and doing just that, didn't you?"
"That's what you would call a fucking lie," Almine spat. "But it's true enough. Who's going to be able to pick between me and my sisters for who's being snuck out after dark to be thrown into a pit of green flesh and banged up all night? It's even harder when you take into account the glamour, but you know the whole selling point is that it's a pure and beautiful elfin girl being defiled after all. Nobody cares if you take Pulci the fishmonger and send her flabby ass into the pit, except her husband, he likes that enough to pay for a special viewing."
"I see."
"What? It's not as though I sought out the chance to get worked over by a few dozen smelly, green cocks every night. Some guy came in, like you did, and said what a shame it was that the prettiest girl here was forced to work for someone else when she could be taking in the big bucks all by herself."
"You're alright, I suppose."
Almine grit her teeth but let the insult pass. "So I let 'em take me out under a cloak once the sun goes down and I think 'Oh, they're going to introduce me to a noble who needs an elfin consort or something' but then they lead me down into this mold-stinking hole underneath a brewery and they tell me that if I don't fuck whatever they put in front of me they'd tell mom what I was trying to do, and you do not want to know how cruel a woman can get with a few centuries of practice." She tried to take another swig of tea for her nerves but her cup was already empty.
Then the creature, Lappy, poured out another.
"So," Almine said. "You're trying to make lapdogs or travel pussies? I guess she doesn't smell the way they all seem to, but there's always gnomes if all you want is something to take dick without eating too much. As for goblins, I'd rather they were all wiped out..." she said and added quickly so she wouldn't incur the mage's wrath once more, "not that there's anything wrong with you, Lappy... You know, my people have some legends that say you all are the result of our flaws being scraped away to leave us with elfin perfection, so it's a bit like we're cousins... very distant cousins..."
"Not true, in fact," Leigh said, still nuzzling her chin atop the goblin's head. "So far as I can tell, elfs and goblins both are the incarnations of ancient forest spirits, daemons. But it's been several millennia since the beginning and scrying isn't a powerful enough tool to get a clear picture. If goblins were ever directly related to elfs, your people threw them out of your halls to fend for themselves right away. So that story might be best kept to yourself rather than used as a point of racial pride."
The second cup of tea went down as quickly as the first and Almine desperately wanted something harder to burn her throat. "Seriously, you're an adventurer right? So you had to see what a clan of those mon-, what they do to settlements. I may have never set foot outside this city, but if a tenth of the malignancy I've heard of is true, they deserve nothing but extinction no matter what trespasses their ancestors were dealt. Mother speaks of villages razed to the ground, men eaten, women defiled and impregnated with their foul spawn before being starved and likewise consumed by their children. What suffering of theirs makes up for their actions!?"
The goblin girl was trembling and Leigh hugged her tightly. If this was the only example of the species that Almine had come across, she could imagine having those bedtime stories go up in smoke, as this creature seemed too benign to have any hand in such atrocities.
"Again, you are wrong," Leigh said. "Not about the killing, the eating, or the defilement... but you can hardly call that a sin when the ones performing those actions are little more than beasts."
Almine sniffled, pushing away memories. "Puggies aren't as bad as the real thing, they say. It's true that I always cum a lot... that's just physical, you know?"
"I'm well aware. I'd suppose you're on a form of birth control as well, considering your profession."
"Special kind of leaf, elf secret."
"Rupert's drem, I believe it's called," Leigh said. "And it's not the leaves, it's the roots that are used. Trust me, it hasn't been a secret in the alchemical world for a few years now."
Almine shrugged. "Not my secret, so who cares? Anyway, that's all I've got for you. I don't know what Simon even looks like and that goes for most of his employees, so there's nothing I can do for you."
A smile spread across Leigh's face. "Now, that's not entirely true either. Tell me, how would you like the night off?"
-o-
Almine waited in the shadows, wearing a glamoured face and holding hands with the creature, Lappy, while someone else in her own image stood beneath the awning out behind the brothel.
It itched a little, seeing someone else near perfectly disguised as oneself, though Almine was taking this chance to see what her own ass looked like from behind; the mirror just didn't do her perky butt justice while she had to crane her neck to see. That said, Leigh wasn't quite busty enough and she didn't have a nice enough ass for the glamour to sit right at her skin's level, so Almine had to shorten some dimensions to make sure certain areas lined up well enough. Her confidence in her illusions was high, but everyone always said you could pick your way through even the best of them if a few details weren't quite right. Try stretching a woman's image over-top the flesh of a fat, tall ogre and you would see the problem.
But the contact arrived right on time and didn't seem to take issue with the disguise, taking Leigh by the hand and letting her board a palanquin with the insides hidden by thick, black sheets. And she was carried away, to arrive at The Hole within minutes.
The creature squeezed Almine's hand as they cut through the city to arrive beforehand.
"I am certain she will be fine," Almine said to comfort the thing. She worried somewhat that the goblin's own glamour: that of a moustached halfling, would fall apart if her hat were removed and her long ears flopped out beyond the false ones, but she wasn't really sure what the outcome of bringing a goblin to a goblin sex club would even be.
The goblin said, "They won't hurt her if they find out, will they?"
"They're more likely to hurt me if they do, but no." Almine remembered a few funny nights. "We've had chicks sneak in and throw themselves into the pit to be ravaged before. It's just the reality of living with a few hundred thousand people that some of them are going to be huge perverts. Can't complain, most of my best customers just have an elf fetish."
"Oh... What's a fetish?"
"What?" Almine looked down at the creature in disbelief. "I don't have time to tell you, we're almost there already."
And they were, because although The Hole wasn't inside the red-light district, there was only so far away you could go within a dwarf city without coming across a so-called watering hole. They went inside the tavern, down the hall and into the backrooms, then through a trapdoor, down a tunnel, and emerged at last into the parlor where men were smoking and drinking at little tables, conscientiously not looking too closely at one another in the dim glow of crystalline lighting, in wait for the night's main offering to begin. Almine pressed a couple coins into the doorman's hand and confidently strode inside, picking for herself one of the tables closest to the pit because she didn't actually have many chances to see this show from the other side.
The pit, it was called because it was a pit, was a pit separated from the parlor space by a flimsy handrail. The bottom was floored with dirt as soft and clean as carpet, because dwarfs knew nothing if they didn't know their dirt, and had on either side a series of doors that held cages full of the night's performers on the other side, their living spaces held further in the dark spaces beyond and connecting to the more intimate rented rooms. What people expected from puggies in the first place was the feral raunchiness of wild goblins without the stomach-churning ugliness after all, so the space couldn't exactly be a comfortable, fragrantly-scented place like a real brothel. The stink of green flesh permeated the air so thickly that even the tobacco smoke couldn't protect the nose from it, and Almine more than any of these men knew how much worse it was when that stink was pressed against one's face.
Ah well, it would be nice seeing the smug smile being wiped off that mage's face by a dick or three. She'd been warned sufficiently by Almine's standards, so she would just have to take her lumps and limp it off in the morning like a good little tamed slut.
Speak of the devil, Leigh had just arrived, heralded by the jeers of the patronage as she stepped up to the railing and was lowered down into the pit by a rope. She pulled off her cloak with a flourish, revealing Almine's elfin beauty to renewed hooting and hollering before balling the garment and tossing it out of the space, remaining with nothing more than some flimsy, white panties and a filmy wrap that hid nothing about her taut nipples poking against the thin fabric.
That was embarrassing. They had gone over the way that Almine typically acted but seeing her self in the flesh bending over to flash her pert ass at the crowd of ogling yokels or blowing a kiss into the crowd was a little further than she was comfortable with. This went on for a while longer, Lappy squirming in her seat as she watched her master down in the pit and Almine wishing she was comfortable enough holding together three glamours to have herself a hard drink. More people filtered in for the show until the circular parlor teemed around the pit with another kind of lustful monster than the kind held in the cages.
Then with a crack of ropes being hauled tight, the doors on either side of the pit snapped open and the monsters poured out. A dozen males stormed the center, cocks already hard and flopping against their legs, and a tackle to the back of Leigh's knees toppled her over into the dirt. Her lingerie was roughly torn away under rasping claws and the two largest goblins rammed their cocks between her legs and between her lips, the rest encircling Leigh in the dirt and jerking themselves to be ready when they were allowed a turn.
Then... what was that? Almine felt like she'd blinked but everything was just the same as it had been... Except now that she looked and saw all of the cocks down in the pit were now covered with nearly-transparent rubber sleeves.
Leigh's moans rang up and over the rim of the pit, wet sucking as she reached up to grab the ass of the goblin currently ramming his fat cock down her throat and forced him even more deeply with every thrust, ensuring that his sweaty balls were hitting her in the face. Her legs curled around the waist of the other one, giving him the best angle to force himself nice and deep into her pussy, her hips lifted slightly off the ground as she arched her back to meet his hips. Her belly rippled with quick breaths since the cock buried deep in her throat didn't give her much chance and her saliva was being whipped inside her mouth, dribbling down her face and wetting her hair, but the tip of her tongue could be seen in flashes as she did the best she could to lick all the way down the goblin's dick to his stomach.
One hand dropped to her tit, painfully rolled one hard nipple and mashed her hand against the soft flesh, squealing like an insatiable whore as her holes were plundered with smelly, green flesh.
These puggies were bred for their cocks, bigger than most humans, and Leigh was humping herself into them as if she didn't care that they were reaching the deepest depths on every stroke, banging the heads of their cocks into agonizing spots. She gagged as she suckled the one ravaging the inside of her throat, her torso shivering with the need to vomit but held back by a plug of flesh. It didn't matter if she did, not to the patrons and not to the other goblins, they would just as happily hump themselves against a puke-covered face as any other.
The one on her face trembled, grabbed her by the chin and slammed his hips against her face, her whining cries beneath him ignored as he finished cumming down her throat.
As he pulled out, for a moment a sack of white fluid could be seen hanging from his dick, but a flash later it was gone and forgotten.
Leigh used the chance of his leaving to roll herself forward, bowling over the goblin fucking her pussy and straddling his lap. Before he could register what had happened, she lunged forward and pressed her lips to its, slipping the goblin some tongue as she started rolling her hips atop him, assuring him that she would finish him off and all he had to do was lie there and be pampered.
Of course this wasn't enough for her, she grabbed her own ass and pulled apart her cheeks, showing off her winking butthole for some lucky man. Another goblin took the bait right away, shoving himself deep into her dry asshole, grabbing her by the waist and riding her from behind even as she refocused on riding the first. Misty-eyed and panting, foamy spit drying on her face, she rode these two and watched the crowd cheer her on, fondling her breasts and throwing back her head in wanton expression. It wasn't that she didn't care she was being watched, she reveled in it, drowned herself in the attention of strangers.
Silently, secretly, Almine's fingers dipped beneath the waist of her borrowed trousers, felt warmth and wetness on her fingertips... was she enough of a narcissist that she enjoyed watching herself getting worked over? She wasn't alone by any means, several of the men around her were also diving into their pants, taking meat in hand and jerking, some making use of a rented puggie; they didn't notice Almine, wouldn't have cared if they had seen her masturbating. That's why they were there after all.
With a cock in two holes, Leigh still wasn't satisfied, curling her finger for another of them to approach like the well-trained pet he was, took his greasy nuts gently in hand and guided his cock to her lips. She ran the tip of her tongue along the head of his cock, dipping it beneath the creature's floppy foreskin and slurping up what had already seeped out if it before taking a rubber between her lips and pulling him deeply into her mouth, rolling the rubber all the way down to his groin where she buried her forehead in his stomach to gag herself with his meat, coming back off with a wiggle and a gasp when she couldn't hold her breath any longer, trailing threads of bubbly spit that broke and wetted her chin. All this while she continued rolling her hips against the other two, those goblins' claws digging into the tender flesh of her thighs and her sides to keep themselves tightly clenched to her.
All three oinked and squealed with pleasure as they violated her, happily thrusting against her when they thought she wasn't ready for them. Leigh took it, moans pouring from her lips around the mass of green cock, bobbing her head along the length and gagging each time she hit its base, eyes wide and rolled back as the tip of the goblin's cock poked the back of her throat. She steadied herself on one arm, yet massaging the goblin's balls in her other hand, feeling its pulsating warmth and making it twitch with impish squeezes, the corners of her lips subtly curling up.
For the others, Leigh began roughly raising her hips and slammed them back down on the lover beneath her to his delight, cock smacking wetly deep within herself, pussy and asshole alike with the one plunging into her ass taking the most active role, humping with reckless abandon. That one, his cock buried deeply inside her asshole, rocked her back and forth so wildly that her other rhythms were almost thrown off by them, but Leigh simply had to do her best to keep sucking, keep humping to keep her lovers happy.
Up above, Almine had begun rubbing the pad of her thumb against an erected clit and had to hold her moans back. She could feel her nipples raised and tickling her from inside a borrowed linen shirt that had already been one size too small for her, and she caught herself wanting to undo a single button so her other hand could be occupied relieving the sensation in her breast. She saw that Lappy was squirming in her seat as well, sitting on her hands and biting her lip.
Fine, Almine could admit it to herself, she'd grown used to the smells and the tastes found in the pit. her customers in the brothel weren't usually unclean, since they were the sort who could afford her services in the first place... was it wrong that she actually somewhat enjoyed the feeling of being defiled by a group of monsters who couldn't care less about whether she enjoyed running her tongue across their sour, bumpy skin? As she watched Leigh down in the pit, she caught herself thinking it was too bad that Leigh had put a rubber on each of them, as she wasn't feeling the true experience the way it was meant to be had.
The one beneath Leigh quivered in orgasm but she couldn't exactly stop to let him out, continued rolling herself atop his cock, rubbing him deep within her warm, slick hole long after the pleasant sensations had run their course and all he was left with was a sensitive rod. He could be seen curling his toes, dragging his claws along Leigh's skin as he lay in post-orgasmic agony, but she only continued to suck and take it in the ass as though the one uselessly flopping around within her pussy was an afterthought.
Soon after, the one fucking her asshole similarly shook on his feet and burst within her, simply stepping away and sliding out of her winking asshole when he was finished, slapping her butt and receiving a cock-muffled squeal in return as he strode satisfied to the door. The one beneath found his opportunity and scurried out from underneath her, crawling away while Leigh's hips humped in midair without him, then fell between her curled legs with a plap in the dirt.
Another lover came from the teeming throng, of course, coming from behind he hooked a claw into Leigh's tender pussy and dragged her ass back up into the air, choosing to set his cock to the rim of her aching asshole and pushed himself all the way in.
Almine was finding it hard to hold back her noises as she ran her fingertips between the lips of her wet pussy, but she hadn't yet found the will to go any further. She teased herself as she watched Leigh being spit-roasted in the pit, imagined herself down there and having the time of her life, being able to find some cock no matter where she looked, not having to think about keeping everyone else entertained. The goblins didn't care how heavenly her voice was, except that her screaming was music to their ears, they didn't care that her fingers were nimble enough for the strings except that they felt wonderful wrapped around their dicks. She remembered her first time taking this job, returning home and having to excuse herself for a bath which took all morning because there was just that much dried semen staining her perfect, porcelain skin, remembered sinking into one glorious orgasm after another floating in the water and thinking about the taste of green flesh with fingers jammed inside her holes.
The goblin being sucked off grabbed Leigh's hair in its paws, pulling her tightly into his crotch as he exploded down her throat. Even though she was still being rocked from the back, when she released the goblin's cock from between her lips, she dragged herself up his body and pressed her lips to his, sneaking in her tongue and mumbling 'I love you' loud enough that only a peaked ear could hear it. The little man returned to the tunnels slowly, peering over his shoulder as Leigh waggled her fingers after him.
And the next promptly replaced him, slapped his dong against Leigh's face and forced her to catch it as it swung, but she caught an open palm on the cheek and fell to her side in shock. Even the one that had been fucking her asshole stepped back, and Almine knew why: the biggest cock of the group had seen enough and wanted to get himself some personal action.
Not the tallest, this goblin was still the leader, and his cock was far and above the largest among them. It even put some of the human men in the audience to shame, and it wielded its meat like a club, twisting his hips and slapping Leigh across the face, leaving wet marks on her cheeks.
"Fuck..." Almine said. She could feel the phantom of a memory knocking against her deepest depths, taking this monster cock inside her and screaming for him to stop as the crowd cheered him on, his fat nuts smacking against her thighs, swinging like bell ringers with his hot cum sloshing within, ready to spurt into her battered pussy.
But that wasn't the order today. When he swung his cock, Leigh leaned back on her knees and let it harmlessly swish by, then surged forward, slipping her arms through his legs and hooking his knees, then pulled and deposited him on his ass in the dirt. This might have enraged him, but she wrapped her fingers around his fat hog as well as she was able and began jerking, plunging her head between his thighs to begin licking away at his sweaty nuts, suckling his wrinkly skin between her lips, rolling his hot balls along the flat of her tongue, popping each into her mouth and moaning around them, spit running down her chin the whole time.
He lay back in the dirt as Leigh worshiped his cock, stroking him up and down as everyone watched, her fingers tenderly running up and down his shaft, collecting precum and slathering him up so that her grip squished. Her ass waggled invitingly in the air, but there weren't any takers even when she pulled at a cheek to present her still winking pussy and asshole, either would do for her. But no, she had to content herself with her sucking, slutty moans rising up out of the pit from around the goblin's nuts as if this was the most delicious thing she had ever tasted.
Maybe it was, Almine thought, in a strange way... she was licking her own lips thinking about it after all...
From across the small table, Lappy was looking up at Almine with her big puppy-dog eyes. She wasn't that bad herself, beneath the glamour, after all, and Almine did already have a taste for green skin... She urged Lappy out of her seat and into her arms, then lifted the goblin girl into her lap. Without considering what she was about to do, Almine ran her fingers through the girl's shaggy hair, pulled her into a deep, breathless kiss.
The goblin girl was skilled, playing with Almine's tongue like a pro as she cuddled herself deeper into the elf's lap, then planted her knee between Almine's legs such that any slight movement would rub the two of them together. This was interesting, looking past the goblin's floppy ears and seeing her own face in the pit as Leigh served herself to the Alpha on a silver platter, rubbing his cock across her face as she suckled on his nuts. Almine above scooped up Lappy's ass and humped the two of them together, thighs rubbing against thighs, incidentally against throbbing womanhood for either of them, forgetful gasps taken between rounds of smooching.
She was delicious, Lappy was, so much more pleasant than any of the other greenskins Almine had to kiss in the past. She could almost forget what sort of creature was surging against her, the goblin's quick heartbeat pressing against her chest as it clung to her, their tongues curling around one another, their lips pressed and urgently slipping against each other; it had Almine forgetting the crowd.
Around them, some men who had brought their own entertainment for the night, or were renting one of the puggies from the stables, were too interested in finding their own pleasures to notice or care that two women among them were having it out. Almine looked into Lappy's eyes and saw only the halfling that she had disguised the girl as, but nobody would notice, not here, and it was so much hotter to be fucking a goblin... Almine allowed the glamour to fade, letting Lappy be seen in all her minty-green glory, her eyes misted with lust and her tongue lazily moving in midair as Almine leaned back in her chair to get a good look at the girl.
There was a moment of panic as Lappy realized she was visible for what she was, but that was swept away by another intense smooch, Almine holding herself against the girl until when they finally released Lappy coughed and gasped for breath. In her stupor, Almine was able to quickly scoop up the girl again and turn her completely in her lap, ankles hooked on Almine's knees and spread so that her skirt could be pulled all the way up, and the elf slid her fingers into the girl's bloomers, felt Lappy's smooth, warm mound settle into her palm.
Down in the pit, Leigh pushed herself deeper, lower, her tongue trailing down from the Alpha's nutsack, lifted it in hand to delve beneath. Without a hint of disgust, she ran her tongue along the rim of the goblin's asshole to squeals of delight as she continued rubbing his cock. From the twitch in his legs, she knew that it wouldn't take much of this treatment to get him to blow his load all over her face and into her hair, so she continued licking with her time limit in mind, slowed her stroking to an agonizing crawl, but even that wasn't enough.
The Alpha squealed with excitement as his orgasm came and Leigh moved quickly, wrapped one arm around a skinny thigh and forced the goblin up, rolling him back onto his shoulders as he was brought over the edge, semen boiling over in his balls and rushing to explode. But there, with his legs held well above his head, Leigh gripped his cock fiercely and continued licking as he squirmed, orgasm coming to a screeching halt and nothing at all coming through.
It nearly made Almine laugh, though she had her own entertainment already, slipping her arm under Lappy's, up through the shallow valley of her chest, and cupping her cheek to turn it backward for more of her addictive kisses. She ran the heel of her palm against Lappy's wet cunt, felt the girl's delicious whimpering puffs of breath against her lips.
"Do you like being watched?" Almine whispered into the girl's sensitive ears. "You know, you're actually prettier than most of the girls here, now that I've had a good look at you... I bet some of the guys would like a turn with you."
Mmm, this was so much better than being down in the pit, having a cuddly, polite thing in her arms. And a good kisser, her tongue poking through Almine's lips, slippery against her own, little, heady moans passing between them. Lappy's breaths were getting more frequent as Almine continued moving her hand between the girl's legs, enjoying the plushy softness of her plump lips, warm juices flowing. The goblin girl squirmed in Almine's lap, rubbing her head into the breasts behind her, long ears drooping as she watched her lover in the pit and floated on the waves of pleasure, restrained enough that she could stop herself from cumming right away.
Down there, Leigh had slipped a fingertip into the Alpha's butthole and kept him folded up on his shoulders while she sucked on his balls and jerked him ferociously even as he recovered from the sensation of his first orgasm. He howled, tongue lolling, being driven relentlessly toward another orgasm.
Almine whispered into her panting cuddlebug's ear, "Yeah? It does feel good, doesn't it? Come on, tell me how much you wanna be down there with her. I'll bet it's so hot seeing your girlfriend getting railed." The whimpers, the little gasps continued as Lappy too approached the promised feeling, kept her from answering as her pleasure-filmed eyes drew up into Almine's.
The Alpha yowled, Leigh worked fast to milk his orgasm into her cupped hand, splashing white and hot against her palm. She left the goblin lying flat in the dirt to recover, stood while the rest began closing in, and brought her hand up above her head to let the steaming load of cum drip into her open mouth.
That pushed Lappy off the edge, curling into herself in Almine's lap and biting down on her own moans, letting the pleasure ram its way up through her body. Almine just smiled, sucked the girl's earlobe between her lips and nibbled as she continued moving her hand, becoming drenched in the girl's juices, dribbling down across her inner thighs and soaking into Almine's trousers. Lappy rode the waves like a pro, stretching out with toe-curling euphoria until she finally came to a twitchy stop, her head resting back into Almine's breasts and the air filling with her satisfied sighs.
Ah, it was a nice feeling, being able to be with one of these things without feeling that she needed a bath afterward. Almine actually thought of licking her hand clean, but ended up wiping herself dry on her shirt. It wasn't even her shirt in the first place.
She and Lappy, now especially contented, watched as Leigh let the rest of the puggies work on her, apparently having the time of her life. Almine did think of having Lappy kneel on the floor and eat her out, but she could have one day where she didn't have to finish and just sat back with Lappy in the afterglow.
The show was somewhat less entertaining than Almine had anticipated from being down there herself. The crowd did seem to enjoy it enough, though most of them had either their dicks in hand in the shadow of their table or one of the female puggies on rent for the duration of the show. Some of them had gone off to rent a room and a girl, or a guy should they be so inclined as Almine knew very well from the popularity of her brothers.
Leigh was eventually done, left from where she was lowered in, and those men who had come only for the show began filtering out.
So Almine got up to leave, but one of the puggies ran past on her way back to the underground, grasped Lappy's wrist as she went, and by the time Almine had noticed the goblin girl was already halfway down the stairs and she knew that yelling after her would attract unwanted attention. Almine bit her lip, pushed down a feeling of anxious guilt, and left.