After Mom went to Florida, life returned to normal. Or I should say that life returned to what I like to think will be my new normal. I continued being Mike's housekeeper and my bank account continued to grow thanks to Mike setting up a 401k and my first savings account. Mike paid for everything and let me use one of his cars so I rarely had to spend money unless I wanted to buy something sexy to seduce him or to let him use on my body. And naturally, I continued to sleep with him and be his personal slut. I've never been as happy or content as I was then. I knew I loved Mike and I know he loved me back even thought he was a 41-year-old white man and I was an 18-year-old black girl not long out of high school.
He still took me out to dinner and his favorite bars which gave me a chance to dress slutty and treat him like a king in front of his friends. And he even began taking me to the major social functions in the area, although my attire had to be much more conservative. At first, the socialites' tongues were wagging when the area's most eligible middle-aged bachelor showed up with a skinny black chick on his arm. And it probably didn't help that their husbands tended to hang around an try to sneak looks up my skirts and down my top at my little tits. But eventually I was accepted by most of them. Part of it may have had to do with the great barbeques and parties that Mike had at his house. Everyone wanted an invitation so they had to be nice to him, and by extension, to me.
We had been living together for almost a year when Mike said he had to go to Florid for a few days and asked if I wanted to come along. I was hesitant at first, but then I realized he would be near my mother, and I didn't trust her with a ten foot pole around Mike after her time staying with us. I still can't believe I let her talk me in to convincing Mike to fuck both of us. Even though my lover turned her in to a well-fucked piece of black meat, she proved to all of us that I'm a bigger slut than her. She made me rim both of them several times and then strung me from the ceiling beam and whipped my body and rammed several dildos into my pussy making me wail and moan like a cheap whore. She humiliated me in front of my lover. So, I knew I couldn't trust her to be in the same state as him without me along to run interference.
I wasn't sure whether to contact my mother or not, but in the end, I decided that I should probably try to link up with her for lunch or dinner while there since I hadn't seen her in many months. We arrived, checked in and then fucked on our room balcony before going to dinner. Since we were just going to s family restaurant, I dressed in a nice mid-thigh skirt and a yellow tank top. After dinner, we adjourned to the hotel bar where Mike had a nightcap before went back to the room, where I sucked his cock before we both fell asleep.
The next day, Mike worked and went to dinner with some suppliers while I hung around the pool and then linked up with Mom for dinner. We met in a nice bar/restaurant and I wore shorts that were just an inch above my knees and a loose-fitting button up blouse. When Mom walked in, she looked hot in a trampy way, as usual. She wore a tight mid-thigh mini dress with her ample breasts stretching the material in an attempt to escape. Every male in the place turned to watch my 38-year-old mother walk across the room.
"Baby. Baby, how are you?" She gushed.
"I'm fine, Mom. How are you? How's the job?"
"Oh baby, I'm doing great. By the way, where's Mike?"
"This is a business trip for him so he's eating with some suppliers tonight. I may not get to see much of him this trip."
Oh damn! I was hoping to see him so I could thank him for getting me set up down here. Are you sure he can't join us sometime?"
"We'll see, mom," I said. Now I really knew I had to keep my slutty mother away from my guy. When she stood beside me, her mature curvy body with her great legs and big tits made my thin body and B-cups look like a middle school kid.
We had a nice dinner and she told me about her job and the few men that she had been seeing since getting here. She asked if I was still Mike's slut, and although I was embarrassed, I nodded. "How long are you here, Marci," she asked.
"Just until the day after tomorrow, Mom. Then we're flying to Atlanta for two days and then back home."
I knew she was going to ask, and I wasn't surprised when she said, "Can Mike join us tomorrow night, baby?"
I thought, "My mother is a shameless slut and would do just about anything to replace me with Mike." I said, "I don't think so, but I'll ask him."
"Well, maybe I could come over after dinner and cocktails for a nightcap with the two of you." She smiled and raised her eyebrows as she said, "Who knows? Maybe we can even have an encore performance from the last time we were all together."
"I don't think so, Mom, but we'll see."
"Well, can you at least come for dinner and drinks with me tomorrow? I promise to have you back to your precious master in time for him to work your skinny little body over before he goes to sleep."
"Sure mom. I can spend tomorrow evening with you. Where do you want to meet?"
She gave me directions to her house and we parted. When I got back to the room, Mike asked, "So, how wis your Mom? Still worried that I might abuse her little girl?"
I laughed and said, "No. She knows you're going to do that. She's still trying to figure out how to replace me with her."
Mike just smiled and picked me up. "Not going to happen, you hot little vixen."
My arms quickly went around his neck and I kissed him. "I love you, Mike. I know I'm no competition for my mother so I tend to worry that she'll take you away from me."
Mike slowly carried me to the bed and gently laid me down. He kissed me softly and then he fucked the living shit out of me. I could just barely walk to the bathroom when we finished. When I woke in the morning, I heard Mike calling for room service. As he was talking, I dropped to my knees, crawled to him and began sucking his beautiful white cock. I had been sucking for about 10 minutes when he said, if you don't get me off before he gets here with breakfast, then you have to answer the door naked. I grinned up at him and said, "Deal." Then I dove back on to his cock and confidently went to work. It was close, but I beat room service by two minutes so Mike let me wear a tee shirt that just barely covered my ass to the door to let him in. Mike told me that he was surprised the young man didn't run the food cart into the furniture because he couldn't take his eyes off my legs and ass the whole time he was in the room.
Over breakfast, I told Mike that I was having dinner again with my mother and then stopping for a couple drinks before catching a cab back to the room. I asked when he would be finished with his dinner because I would rather be here with him than drinking on a fake ID with my mother. He said he may get done a little early and offered to join us for a drink since he hadn't seen my mother since she stayed with us. I really didn't want him to join us because I didn't trust my mother, but I said, "How about if I text you where we're going for drinks? If you get done early, maybe you can join us."
Mike smiled and said, "Fine." He stooped and kissed me and said, "Don't worry, Marci. After a couple cocktails, all I'll want to do is bring my little slut back here and fuck her until she can't walk."
I smiled and put my arms around his neck and he stood and lifted me to my feet. I looked up at him and said, "I love you, Mike." I kissed him and he took a quick shower and left for the day. I spent the day walking on the beach and wandering through a few stores before catching a cab to meet my mother at the restaurant. I wore a button-up sundress that had spaghetti straps and was a few inches above my knees.
When I got to the restaurant, I found Mom and said, "Wow, you look hot, Mom!"
She wore a loose mid-thigh white dress with a halter top. The contrast between her dark skin and the dress was amazing. As we walked to our table, every male in the place was staring at my hot mother, and she knew it. She knew that most men preferred her sensuous walk and her curvy body to the skinny little bitch next to her.
We had a great dinner and my mother forced a couple glasses of wine on me. I'm not a big drinker so I was on a little buzz as we cabbed to a small out-of-the-way bar. I sent a quick text to Mike as we reached the door. The crowd was a mix of white, black and Hispanic. There were almost twice as many men as women, but some were just sitting at the bar watching sports. She led me to a big booth and before I could say anything, we were joined by six men. They appeared to be from about 20 to 40 and were three whites, two Hispanics, and one black. I was shoved into the booth and had a man on either side of me. When I looked at my mother, she was surrounded by men too. She was grinning ear-to-ear when she said, "Honey, these are my friends."
Even though she went on to say their names, I didn't hear them because one man put his arm around me and the other handed me a drink. He clinked his glass against mine and said, "A toast to the pretty ladies." Everyone drank and I took a small sip. It was good, but I thought I had enough to drink. Someone else toasted and I was forced to take another sip. And from then on, the night was fuzzy.
Mike told me later that the drink must have been drugged. When I looked across the table, my mother was kissing one of the men beside her. I thought I felt a hand on my chest, but couldn't be sure. When I looked down, I thought my dress was unbuttoned to my waist. But that couldn't be. I hadn't unbuttoned my dress. I think I took another drink and then I felt a hand pushing me forward. "What was that about," I wondered. I felt something on my back and then I saw what looked like my bra being tossed into the next booth. Everyone was laughing and I took another drink.
I didn't feel the straps being slid from my shoulders, nor did I feel the rest of my dress's buttons being unbuttoned. When I heard my mother laugh, I looked and saw that she was laughing and pointing at me. I thought I heard someone say, "… little black titties," and I looked down and couldn't see them. I saw hands on them and it felt pretty good. My mother and the men kept laughing.
One of the men told me to lift up, and I did. He slid my panties off and pulled my dress from under me. I was now sitting in a booth completely naked surrounded by six men. It sounded like my mother was still laughing at my body and I saw one of the men feeling her massive tits.
I don't remember much else. Mike told me that as he walked across the bar room, he saw my legs spread on top of the table as one of the men was fingering my pussy. Another man was mauling my small tits. A third man was moving his hands on my legs and flat stomach. And I was coming like a twenty-cent whore as everyone else in the bar was watching. He said as he got closer to us, he heard my mother saying what a worthless slut her daughter was as all the men laughed.
I do remember hearing Mike's voice because he sounds a little like Darth Vader. I don't know what he said, but I remember that people were moving around a lot. I also remember that right after I heard his voice, the wonderful feeling in my pussy stopped. Apparently, the men all moved away from me leaving a drugged up naked 18-year-old black chick sitting spread eagle in a booth with her legs on the table, her small tits on full display and leaving nothing to the imagination.
When I woke up in the morning, I felt worse than I've ever felt in my life. I raced to the bathroom and threw up. The cool porcelain felt good against my forehead. I had an upset stomach and a headache that felt like a drum corps in my head. As I limped back to the bedroom, I saw Mike sitting at a room service table having breakfast. One look at the eggs and it was back to the bathroom. I was finally able to keep down some ginger ale and a piece of toast and then I went back to bed.
When I woke up, Mike was gone. He left a note saying we were staying here an extra day to nurse me back to health, and that he would be back later. I rested all day and little bits and pieces of the previous night came back to me. I thought I remembered people laughing at me and I thought I remembered someone feeling my chest. I remembered hearing Mike's voice and I sort of remember him dressing me in front of people while they laughed at someone. I fell asleep before Mike made it back and slept through the night.
"Rise and shine, Marci. Let's go."
"Wha... what?" I moaned as I opened my eyes. I looked up at the man I love. The man who owns my body. The man I would do anything for. I mumbled, "Mike, I'm so sorry. I don't... "
He put his hand on my lips and said, "Later. Right now, get up, shower and let's go. We have a plane to catch."
That night at dinner, I begged him to tell me what happened at the bar, but he said he would wait until tomorrow. When we got back to the room, I tried to seduce him, and I tried to suck his cock and I tried everything. But nothing worked. I fell asleep crying. I was afraid I really messed up and would lose Mike. I still didn't know what all happened with my mother and her friends.
That night when we went to dinner, I as feeling pretty good again. He said we were going to a steakhouse (his favorite restaurant). I dug out the sexiest outfit that I brought with me. It was a very short wrap-around skirt and a tank top with the arm holes cut from the shoulders to the waist. Only a one-inch piece of fabric held it together at the waist. I didn't wear underwear. If anyone was standing beside me when I moved, they would get a perfect shot of my breasts. And if I had to climb on to a bar stool, my whole body would be on display.
Mike smiled when he saw my outfit. "Decided to be an exhibitionist tonight, huh?"
I grinned at him. "Maybe. Is that OK?" He nodded his head. In the back of the cab, I intentionally moved around a lot so my skirt would ride up to my pussy and my shirt would give Mike a clear view to my chest.
Once again, the wait staff was very attentive. My small tits were on full display to them many times throughout the evening. I wasn't the least bit careful getting in and out of our booth so several men got great views of my black pussy. We stopped for a nightcap and I tried to flash as many men as possible. According to Mike, I was extremely successful.
When we got back to the room, Mike sat across from me and finally told me what happened a few nights before. Apparently, he had finished his dinner and decided to come get me and take me away from my mother and back to the room to fuck the shit out of me again. Too bad that isn't what happened. Anyway, when he walked in, he went to the bar and grabbed a Lone Star beer before looking for me. As he looked around the bar, he saw my mother sitting in a booth getting her tits felt up by a couple men. She was grinning and laughing and pointing to something he couldn't see. So, he started walking towards the table and that's when he heard me moan as I had an orgasm.
He slowly approached the table and saw my legs spread apart on the table. He saw a man squeezing my breasts and another rubbing my stomach. As he got closer, he saw me humping something and then he saw that it was one of the men finger fucking me. MY eyes were closed and I had just reached a climax.
The next thing he said made me cry. He said, "I wasn't sure what to do at first. I didn't know if you were a willing participant or not. For all I knew, you may have wanted to be there with these guys. After all, your mom was getting her body mauled too."
Before I could protest, he said, "But then I looked at your face and saw your eyes were closed and you were crying. I heard you quietly say, "Mike, please help me. I love you, Mike. So, I said your name, and you opened your eyes and looked at me. You mouthed the words 'Help me.' So, I did. Your mother's face was in shock, and I told the guys that the party was over and to let you go. Surprisingly, they did. They slid out of the booth and I lifted you out. I put your dress on, which was kind of tough because you passed out. Being an exhibitionist, you might appreciate that everyone in the bar got a good long look at your body. As we were leaving, I overheard one of the men say that you had been drugged."
"Anyway, your mother started making excuses and said that you're just a whore and you were asking for it. But one of the men standing to the side was slowly nodding his head. When I looked at him, he said, 'Not true.'"
"So, I carried you outside, you threw up, and we caught a cab back to the room."
By then, I was crying. "M-M-Mike, c-can you ever f-forgive me? I'm s-so sorry. I n-never thought... I didn't think mom would do something like this t-to me."
Before he could say anything, I dropped to my knees and crawled to him. I put my hands on his thighs and looked into his sexy eyes. I reached down and pulled the tank top over my head. I unbuttoned and unwrapped the skirt and tossed it to the side. My hands were on his thighs and I was naked in front of my fully clothed over and master. I would do anything for him. I looked up in to his eyes much like a small puppy looks up to the face of its master.
After what seemed a lifetime, but was probably only a few seconds, Mike smiled and reached down and touched my face. He put his hands on my arms and lifted my nude body onto his lap. I sat very still while waiting on him to make the next move. Finally, he began moving his hand slowly up and down my back giving me goosebumps and making me short of breath with excitement. He put his other hand on my thigh and I put one of my arms around his neck. I smiled a sad smile at him and he pulled me to him. When we kissed, his hand went to my breast and my excitement and my need gave me an orgasm.
That night, I, once again, fully submitted myself to him. I was so happy that I hadn't ruined the best thing that had ever happened to me. I told him over and over and over that I loved him and that I belonged to him. He owned my body and could do whatever he wanted with it whenever he wanted. I might have heard him tell me that he loved me back, but wasn't sure. I know he does. He's saved me twice from being raped so he must want me.
That night was fantastic. I was his and he knew it. He also knew how to take care of his property, and he took care of me very well. His cock was in all of my holes more than once. When he woke in the morning, he found his cock in my mouth, and he blew my first nourishment of the day down my throat just as room service knocked on the door.
"Dammit!" I thought. He won this time as I got up and walked to the door to let him in.