A few days later, my wife and I had not talked at all about what had happened that night. Then she said that Lisa and Peggy wanted to film a session if it could be that good again. They said they would pay $20 each to film me getting myself off. My wife had said that if I wanted to do that, it was OK with her provided I wear a mask and that we not film at our house. I was aroused just thinking about showing off. I suggested we go out by the ocean where you can clamber down onto the giant rocks to find a private spot. We had gone there before and sunbathed in the nude so it was a known private and anonymous spot. The next day my wife said we were set for Saturday morning.
Peggy got her video camera and we all rode in her van. Along the way, Peggy pulled over and picked up a couple college girls hitching a ride to the beach. The girls were blown away when Lisa told them what we were up to. The girls wanted to join and watch if it was OK. My wife said the rules were no touching and definitely no fucking.
We got to the cliffs and carried our gear down to a private cove. We had some food and a couple beers before the girls asked if were going to do what we said. I was willing but didn't know where to start. Then Lisa said that she had a plot we could try: A lovely young woman in a bikini -- and a large hat that hides her face -- is lying a towel on a rock reading a book in the sun. The book is apparently arousing as the woman idly massages a breast and occasionally rakes her fingernails on the inside of her thighs as she reads. A guy --- with a wide brimmed hat and sunglasses -- is climbing around on the rocks with a fishing rod and tackle box scoping out a fishing spot. He happens to cast and sit on the rocks just below the girl. As the guy reels in after his third cast, the line catches on something. As he maneuvers to try to dislodge the hook, he spies the girl. He then cannot resist the beauty of the woman and puts down his rod and starts to fondle himself. As he gets more involved... well, there's the set up!
Peggy said she wanted to be the woman in the scene. But she also wanted to set up her camera. The young girls said that they would take the places for the depth of field check. They grabbed the hats and the fishing rod and climbed onto the rocks. They went through the setup of the scene quickly and when it came to the point where the one fishing spotted the one reading, we realized we'd film this for keepsake: the girl reading had chosen a very erotic short story and was really getting turned on. And the watcher was getting turned on to that. Just then Peggy said everything was set but that maybe we should do something different. I would be the one reading and the girls would catch me masturbating.
I climbed up to the reading spot and stretched out. The novel was open to the story the young girl was reading. I picked it up and flipped back a few pages. The story was about a lonely women who was continually aroused thinking about men's cocks, flashing back to vignettes of the cocks she had touched. I found it arousing too.
As I reached down to rearrange my swelling cock I saw all the girls except my wife watching and filming from a distance. Just then my wife appeared at the edge of a nearby boulder, with the fishing rod. This was getting interesting. I looked back at the book for a minute then peeked to see that my wife's face was visible just at the edge of the nearby boulder. She could see my lower body clearly but not my face. I rubbed my cock through my shorts for a minute then got into the scene a bit and looked around to "make sure no one could see me." I slid down my shorts, laid back, and pushed my erection to a vertical position while squeezing the base. My cock stood up straight, very erect and very hard. When a few drops of precum appeared, I smeared them onto my cock so it glistened in the sunlight.
I looked at the camera over the tip of my vertical cock. Peggy held out her hand and cupped her hand and stroked up and down in the classic jackoff motion. So I did.
As I stroked my cock, I looked at the college girls. One was staring at me while sliding her hands into her shorts. The other was making jackoff motions in her crotch as if she had a large cock, following my pace. I slowed down and so did she. I sped up again and she did likewise. Her friend kneeled in front of her invisible cock, leaned her chin in her friend's crotch and leaned her head back. The invisible cock was pistoning right over her nose. I was mesmerized.
But my sperm didn't rise until I looked at Lisa. She was leaning back on a flat rock, up on her elbows, eyes flitting from the college girls to me and back. Her knees were up and wide spread and her dress pulled up over her hips.
She had no panties. Her pussy was swollen and red, even from my distance. Juices were running down the rock. And she wasn't even touching herself.
Peggy was moving the camera from me to the college girls to Lisa. She was also moving up the rocks until she was just six feet away. It was fantastic yet it couldn't sustain for long. It was a moment.
I frankly had forgotten about my wife. She came around the rock near me, stark naked. She laid down in front of me with the back of her head toward the camera. She blocked my view but then beckoned me to come to her. I crawled over on my hands and knees and kept right on moving up her body. I stopped when my knees reached her armpits.
I could feel her warm breasts against my inner thighs while my cock hung over her face. Then my wife said "Stroke yourself. Show them a real big load honey. Soak my face. Watch those girls. They want you to come. Isn't Lisa just the horniest cunt you have ever seen? She wants your come. And Peggy, well she just adores sperm baths doesn't she? Come for all five of us. These women will rub their pussies looking at this video time after time, year after year, in slow motion." That did it.
I threw my head back and let out a warbling scream like a conquering satyr. Then let loose one of the all time great loads of come. At first, thick wads of white goo splashed on my wife's face. I pointed my cock up and shot a load that sprayed all the way over to Peggy. I stood up and my cock continued to dribble come on my wife's tits. My wife slid her head back so that it hung over the edge of the rock, displaying her facial to the girls and the camera.
I looked at the girls. They were waving $20 bills. Looks like I gave them the show they wanted.