I'm lying in bed, sweating, with sheets tossed off and my hand cupping my mound. I blink and wake up groggily and glance at the clock. It's 12:15 am. Damn, I've only slept a few minutes. I remember trying to masturbate. I must have fallen asleep.
Looking around, I remember that I'm at my sister's unit in Adelaide. She's at her girlfriend's place for a week, offering me her place while I'm on January holidays from university.
I'm wondering why it is so hot. Then I remember hearing the news about the massive heat dome over central Australia. They had to invent a new colour for their temperature graphs - over 55 degrees.
I'm not used to this. Back in Tassie, the Bass Strait cools the worst heat before it reaches me in Penguin. I waddle to the toilet and pee, then I open the balcony door and step out next to the railing.
Wow, it's no cooler out here. There's still a burning breeze from the North. I look around. There are three levels of units facing the rectangular interior courtyard. The pool looks inviting, and I fantasise about jumping and gliding into it. All the windows are dark, and I don't see anyone in the courtyard, so I begin where I left off before falling asleep.
My hands cup my little boobs and rub. My fingers glide over my sweaty flesh. My nipples get hard and I stroke them for a minute before giving a little gasp. One hand stays on a boob and the other slides down to my sweaty mound.
Between my sweat and the juice my pussy is starting to make, my finger shoots between my lips and rubs around. My fingertip finds my opening and slides in easily. I start a slow fucking while pinching my nipple. I'm making myself wet and hot, getting close to cumming.
Then I hear patio furniture scrape below. I freeze, fearing that someone can see. I notice a shapely woman in a skimpy bikini lying on a lounge gazing at me. I start to pull out, then I see that she has taken her top off, showing me her big boobs.
Her hand is inside her bottom piece, and I see her rubbing. She is smiling, so I keep going. My excitement wanes when I discover her, but I get hot again, watching her and knowing that she is getting off watching me.
Our excitement is feeding off of each other. I thrust two fingers into my pussy and rub my clit, knowing that she can see that. I hear her moan in response and peel down her bottom part so I can see her doing the same.
Within a minute, I cum and scream. She moans loudly a few seconds later. We continue to rub, gradually slowing down. Finally, I remove my hands and lean on the rail for support. She grins at me.
Then she points at me and gestures like she wants to come up. She holds her hands up and to the side in a questioning manner. I am puzzled, then I realise she wants to know my unit number. I use my fingers to signal 215. She puts her bikini top back on and skips to the entrance on my side of the courtyard.
I hear the intercom buzz, and I release the downstairs door for her. Soon, she knocks on my unit door and I open it, seeing her lovely body up close now. I let her in, and after closing the door, I say, "Hi, I'm...," but she cuts me off with "Shhh," holding her finger to her lips.
So it's that way - an anonymous fuck. I smile at her and lead the way to my bedroom. She follows and whips off her bikini, dropping it to the floor.
As I reach the side of the bed, she shoves me onto it, on my back. She gets between my legs, spreading them wide and planting her sweaty body on mine. She kisses me and rubs her full boobs against my little ones.
Her pussy presses on mine. Her full, curly bush is rubbing between my pussy lips. My clit gets hard and feels the bush hairs scraping it. I moan and grab her hips, pulling her hard into me.
She pulls back and places a leg under one of mine, getting into scissor position. She slides up and mashes her pussy onto my pussy. I grab her hips again to keep her in place.
She's humping me wildly and I press up to give us maximum contact - lips and clit. She starts moaning and she pushes harder and faster, and I moan in return. After a minute we both cum and scream.
She keeps fucking me madly until I cum again. We collapse. She slides off of me and rests beside me. I notice that the balcony door is wide open, so I'm sure that if anyone else in the building has their balcony door open on this hot night, they will have heard us.
Sure enough, after a few minutes, we can hear a couple of sets of moans. I smile at her, knowing that we have inspired others to fuck.
She rests in my arms for a few minutes, then she sees my phone and hands it to me, indicating to unlock it. I put in my passcode and hand it back. She spreads my legs again and takes a closeup of my pussy. Then she texts it, presumably to herself.
She then gets up and puts her bikini on. I stagger to my feet. She walks to the door, looks back at me with a smile, and leaves. I head to the balcony and see her cross the courtyard and go into the opposite entrance. A few minutes later, I get a text from her with a closeup of her pussy with the caption, "Call me after ten tomorrow morning."