I'm Diane, a successful woman, 37, 5'5" tall and a 120 lbs. I have auburn hair, with my measurements being a all natural 35 C, 24, 34. I love flaunting my body, eyes on me, please me. I've always been a cocktease. I have a yard care service for my large property with a privacy backyard. Various men of different ages come every Wednesday to care for my yard. A rotation of sorts.
I have a patio around my pool and I love sunning myself in micro-bikinis while they work. They have stared or flirted but it has never gone further than that. This one pair of guys, two very attractive men, one Black and about 20 and the other Greek and in his early thirties, piqued my interest. I watched them and fantasied about being completely nude with them and having them cover my body in oil.
I had seen them twice before but weather did not permit a tease. Besides, it could be dangerous. Big difference between being a fantasy and getting real. It had been awhile since they had come by but finally one Wednesday, they showed and the weather was perfect. I walked out to my chaise on the patio with a cover on, their eyes fixated on me.
I waved hello, they waved back. I then undid the tie and let it fall to the ground exposing my naked self. My big tits, brown nipples and shaved vajayjay out in the open. My heart pounding at the risk. I had their attention and judging by the crotch of their pants, it was their full attention. I called out, "Guys, would one of you be so kind as to put lotion on my back?" Both quickly approached.
I handed them the bottle, their eyes casing my nude self. I laid face down with both of them rubbing the oil on my back with their dirty hands. One took the initiative to also do my bubble butt with the second guy joining it. They stopped, one asking if I wanted the back of my legs done. I responded, "Yes, that would be so nice." They were so bold as to spread my legs giving them ease of access to my inner thighs and a full view of my wet clam.
My heart was pounding, my pussy was giving a gapping invite. The Greek fella spreading my ass cheeks, drooled oil from the top of my ass crack to my anus and towards my newly shaved cunt. His fingers chasing the oil, rubbing it in and around my anus and vulva. I couldn't believe that I was allowing it to go this far. My intention was to tease, not get fucked but his fingers were convincing me otherwise. I could have given in but thought I better put the brakes on it all before I lost control.
I rolled over, "Thanks guys! That was fun!" I said. The younger Black fellow, squirted oil in his dirty hands and began applying it to my breasts. The look of his filthy hands on my body turned me on, so too their eyes filled with lustful intentions. I didn't ask him to stop, nor try to stop him. The Greek guy, joined in, their dirty hands now all over me. My body gave away my desire for more, with my nipples erect, goosebumps all over my skin, my pussy wet.
I laid on my back taking it all in. My moans of pleasure gave them the green light to do more. The Greek had his hand on my twat exploring the inner workings of me as the young Black guy removed his pants exposing his uncut cock which I began to stroke in my right hand. The Greek took off his clothing and buried his face between my legs. My God he had a talent for eating pussy. The Black guy took his shirt off, as he did I placed his substantial cock in my mouth. I tried to concentrate on giving him good head but his partner's talent between my legs took most of my attention. He put his hand behind my head and face fucked me. My pussy was pulsing, my body twitching with this lick monster's work between my quivering legs.
I had no choice but to push the Black fella's cock out of my face pie as I reached a mind twisting climax. The Greek didn't hesitate to flip me over and enter me from behind. His younger friend entered my mouth again, looking to finish what I had started. It didn't take him long to blow a load down my throat with just a second later his friend doing the same in my twat. I rolled onto my back breathless.
They both quickly putting their cloths back on, behaving like they had committed a crime. I said, "Please guys, don't leave. Let's go into the hot tub." They agreed. I brought out a bucket of cold beer, the cum running out of my pussy as I walked to the tub. We sat in the tub together. Their hands on my body, my hands on their's. A very pleasant couple of hours. Loose lips sink ships because as it turns out, they told others of their fantastic afternoon and the owner of the yard service has taken them off my contract. Every team who now works my yard, is looking for more. You can see it in them. No thanks. Not to worry though, I get off hour visits from the Greek and his young friend. And we've moved our threesome into the bedroom.
Do you want more?