I had never been so excited while driving to her place. There was something in her voice on the phone—an intoxicating mix of lust and playfulness that made her intentions crystal clear. Nothing turned me on as much as her desire for me, and she had made it plain that desire was foremost in her mind. "I want you to have me," she had said simply. "Be here as soon as you can... I'mreadyfor you. Just stay in the car." As I approached her place I realized I was absentmindedly touching myself through the rough denim of my jeans and probably had been for most of the drive. God, I wanted her so bad...
As she made her way down from her door toward my car, her silhouetted body emerging into view under the pale light of the street lamp, I wondered if she had ever looked so hot. It wasn't just the outfit she was wearing—a short white skirt that framed her lithe, flawlessly sculpted legs and tight tank-top that stretched over her perfect breasts. It was the sexuality flowing through her body, oozing from her eyes, radiating through every limb as she walked purposely toward the car. I opened my door and stepped out, meaning to greet her with a kiss.
"I told you stay in the car!" she said over the roof of the car before I had taken a step, feigning exasperation.
"I was just going to open your door, geesh," I replied with a smile, faking my own irritation as I climbed back in. She rolled her eyes but couldn't contain her gorgeous, appreciative smile. After taking her seat in the car, her lips sought mine in an aggressive kiss, one hand behind my neck and the other running its way up my leg. I mirrored her pose, delighting in the smooth, taught feel of her inner thigh while pulling her mouth harder to mine as our tongues sought each other,. She let a moan escape into my mouth as she pulled away slightly, her lips brushing my cheek as she sought out my ear. "I want you to have me," she breathed as her hand continued its way up my thigh. "I'll do whatever you want with your cock, but for now, while we're driving back to your place, I'm going to suck it..."
I let loose a low groan as I instantly hardened. "Mmmm," she answered coyly as her hand confirmed the effects of her intentions. She looked down at her fingers as they danced over the growing bulge in my pants, her eyes an enthralling combination of pride in, and desire for, her accomplishment.
"Drive," she whispered in my ear with a last flicker of her tongue as her fingers sought out my zipper and began to tug impatiently. I knew this was going to an unusually intense evening, even for us, and I couldn't help but punch the car forward in my excitement, the acceleration pushing us back in our seats. "No need to hurry," she said with faked agitation as she leaned back toward me. She smiled suggestively and added in a simple yet husky voice, her hand sliding into my unzipped jeans, "I want to take my time."
I relaxed the car and let out a loud, halting breath as her fingers delicately circled around my still-hardening shaft. She gave a whimper of her own as her hand gripped me more firmly. I could feel myself pulsing against her tight grip as she struggled briefly in her own excitement to free me from my boxers.
"Mmmm, God, Ryan, I want you so bad," she couldn't help moaning, revealing how close she was to losing the calm control she had been projecting. Regaining her composure, she looked up at me and breathed, "I want to keep you close the whole way home..." With a last deft tug it sprang from my jeans, the tip purple and swollen and throbbing noticeably even in the low light of the car, her hand wrapped tightly around the base. "Fuck..." she whispered.
"Mmmm, fuck..." I answered her as she shifted in her seat and lowered her head to take me in her mouth. She let her lips travel slowly all the way down, then back up, her tongue sliding underneath, sucking gently. My breath came in ragged gasps as she flickered and swirled her tongue expertly. I moaned, fighting to concentrate on driving as she gave one long lick from the base to the tip, puckering her lips over the soft head, kissing it tenderly.
Then, without warning, she slid her mouth up and down forcefully several times, sucking passionately, her moans mingling with the loud slurping noises her mouth was making as she devoured me.
"Ohhh,fffuck!" I groaned again, louder this time. I struggled to keep my eyes focused on the road as she aggressively worked her mouth over every still-growing inch of me. "Mmmmmm... Gawwwd... Stacy..." I managed to exhale as she continued her non-stop assault. She merely moaned her response, humming against me as her lips gripped even tighter around my shaft, bobbing fiercely up and down, sucking with abandon. "So much for taking her time," I thought—it was the only thing Icouldthink, the pleasure was so intense. I couldn't remember her ever devouring me so greedily and aggressively.
Our shared moans and gasps mingled with violently wet sucking and slurping noises as she guzzled me into her steaming mouth. Her hand, soaking wet by this time, stroked me with an increasing rhythm. Her wanton need was driving me mad with my own desire. With one hand on the steering wheel, my other hand sought out her body, not content to enjoy the experience passively. I pressed firmly into her back and slid my hand downwards, searching out a way to give her pleasure, but the angle and motion of her body limited the possibilities. All I could do was grip her butt firmly and pull...
As I spread her open roughly, she gasped in a splutter, releasing me long enough to let out a loud "UNNNHHH" before repositioning her hand and taking me even deeper into her mouth, her tongue thrashing as she sucked hungrily, oblivious to any method of pleasing me and just losing herself to her cravings. Knowing that my action had sparked this reaction sent another jolt of excitement through my body from my chest through my limbs, causing me to throb and expand in her greedy mouth. I couldn't reach quite far enough, but she didn't seem to mind—her whimpers and moans and the action of her mouth made it clear that my touch was doing the trick. I groped a little lower with my fingers, stretching awkwardly toward the passenger to reach her, and pulled her ass again, marveling in the feel of her moaning mouth around me. I imagined it in my mind as I spread her open again, knowing she must be glistening wet. I imagined her, swollen and ready with anticipation. I imagined a bead of wetness trailing down between her legs...
That brought me to the edge. I quickly moved my hand to the back of her head, held her still and uttered a strained "shhhh..." To my surprise, she ceased her wild movements immediately. I realized that she was more in control of herself than I thought. That simple realization made me throb again in her still mouth, and she whimpered a quiet "mmmm." I was so close, but I knew I wasn't going to come yet. She didn't know, though, and I knew she was wondering what was going to happen.
To my delighted surprise, she subtly tightened her grip around me and expertly ran her tongue along the soft underside of my throbbing shaft. I was struggling to contain my orgasm and she knew it—andlovedit. I gently tightened my grip on the back her head and whispered another "shhhh..." She couldn't help let out a long grunt of pleasured frustration as I jerked involuntarily between her lips, throbbing against her tongue. I removed my hand from the back of her head as, with a slight spasm, I oozed ever so slightly into her eager mouth.
I felt more than heard her long, delighted groan as she sensuously slid her tongue around the tip and brought her lips to the swollen head. It was my turn to groan as she gently sucked the tip, intent on drawing every last drop into her mouth. The critical moment had passed, and as we slowed to a stop at a red light, she removed her lips from around me with a soft, wet, slurping pop.
"God, Stacy... you are un-be-leeeev-able," I managed to stammer. "Where is all this coming from?"
"Oh, it's nothing," she said demurely as she sat back for a moment to smooth out her clothes with the palms of her hand, casting a quick glance out the car at the empty intersection. Then she brought her lips to my ear again and breathed, "I just love feeling your hard cock throb in my mouth..."
"Ffffuuckk..." was all I could reply as she began to trace the back of her fingernails slowly along the glistening skin of my shaft, tickling me seductively.
"Mmmm, do you like that?" she asked teasingly. All I could do was nod. She pressed her advantage, her lips brushing my ear lobe. "Mmmmm, do you like the way I suck your cock, Ryan?" The spasm she felt against her fingers and my sharp intake of breath answered her question. Often our love-making was luxurious and tender, but other times we were prone to display a more daring, dirtier side. During these times, experience had taught me that I could do more to turn her on with my words than anything I could do with my hands or lips. And on this night, I could tell that there would be few limits—the dirtier the better.
"Mmmm, Stacy, Ilovethe feel of your lips wrapped around my cock," I whispered back to her as my hand sought her thigh. This time it was her turn to merely whimper a reply, and my turn to press the advantage. "Mmmm, do you like the way my come tasted when I oozed into your mouth?" The volume of her inhalation made me wonder for a second if she was having an orgasm.
"Ohhh, Ryan, yes," she breathed, moving her fingers to caress the tip of me as I slipped my own beneath the edge of her skirt. "I love the taste of your come when your cock jerks into my mouth." With that, she lifted her sticky wet fingers from my tip to her lips and licked them teasingly before sucking them into her mouth. My mind was racing! What was taking place was unprecedented, and I wanted to make it last as long as possible.
"Mmmm, I wish it was jerking inside your pussy."
"Ohhhh,fuck!" She let out another orgasmic moan as I felt her push her hips forward toward my teasing fingers. "I want to feel your cock throbbing inside my pussy so bad," she said as she reached for my hand to slide it further along her inner thigh.
"Tell me how wet you are," I breathed as her mouth danced over my ear and her hand guided mine further under her skirt.
"God, Ryan, my pussy's so wet thinking of all the ways I want you to fuck me... UNNNHHHH!!" She cried out as she firmly pressed my fingers into the damp fabric of the tiny g-string covering her soft, wet, waiting flesh, confirming what I already knew about the state of her arousal. I could literally feel the heat coursing from between her legs and instinctively I began to rub in slow, steady circles. Her legs opened wide, and I could tell by the movement of her hips that she was aching for me to enter her. Her gasping breath was hot on my ear and cheek as I quickened my movements. I pressed my middle finger into her softness just enough to illicit a another soft cry, then refocusing my attention higher, my wet fingers rubbing determinedly, her hand on mine urging me on.
"Mmmm, Stacy, I love feeling how wet and ready you are. I want to taste you so bad!"
What happened next nearly brought me over the edge. I felt her hand drift slowly off of mine in a downward motion and realized with a thrill that she was pulling her underwear to the side. As I continued to rub, she slid two fingers deep inside herself with a loud gasp. Before I had a chance to even moan my excitement, she raised her glistening fingers to my parting lips and slid them in over my eager tongue. She smiled wickedly at the look of shocked pleasure on my face and whispered, "Mmmm, you like the way I taste?"
I merely groaned my delight as I continued to swirl my tongue over her fingers, savoring the sweet, tart taste of her wetness. I slid my hand from under her skirt and brought it to the back of her neck, her frustrated whimper covered by my mouth as I brought her lips to mine, our mouths open and active. She moaned in pleasure as our tongues caressed each other's, sharing the taste of her.
The loud honk of a car horn behind us startled us into the reality of our surroundings. I didn't know how long the light had been green, oblivious to the outside world. I brought both hands to the steering wheel to make the left turn toward the freeway as she sat back straight in her seat, again tugging coyly at her skirt as she brought her legs together. "Wow..." we both said simultaneously, and then both began to laugh loudly, the silliness saying something at the same time breaking the thick sexual tension. The delightful trill of her laugh and the playful beauty of her face made my heart leap. "God, I love your laugh so much," I said happily.
"Awww, thanks," she replied with a dazzling smile.
"And your smile, too. Yea, I pretty much love everything about your mouth," I added in a matter-of-fact tone. She rolled her eyes but smiled in spite of my lameness.
"Mmm, Ibetyou do," she answered with mock arrogance, finishing with another wicked smile.
"So, where did all this come from?" I asked again, trying not to sound too distracted as I merged into freeway traffic.
"I guess it started at work today," she began.
"Oooooo, another Paul story?" I joked.
"Ewwww, no!! Sicko," she laughed. Then her voice found a seductive timbre and she continued, "I've just been extra horny all day, thinking about us..." She let her eyes drop to where I was still protruding through my boxers. As her hand reached out to curl once more around me, she brought her face closer to my ear. She couldn't contain the excitement in her voice. "I almost got caught giving myself an orgasm right there at my desk..."
"Oh my God..." I breathed as I pulsed against her tightening grip. She beamed in pleasure at feeling my reaction to her words, her hand beginning a slow stroking motion. I reached for her thigh again as she parted her legs ever so slightly. I wanted to ask her directly what she had been fantasizing about, but decided to wait and see if she would volunteer a description. She didn't disappoint.
"I couldn't stop thinking about using my mouth on you," she said excitedly, then added in a sultry whisper, her lips in my ear, "I couldn't stop imagining your hard cock throbbing between my lips."
"Unnnhhhh!" was all I could respond as I swelled in her hand, the head engorged with my renewed excitement. I could sense her delight in the effect she was having on me.
"Mmmm, keeping you close," she continued seductively, holding me gently between her thumb and fingers. "Listening to the noises you make... feeling you all hard and swollen... running my tongue from the base to tip... tasting you ooze."
With these last words, she pressed her index finger lightly into the tip and watched greedily as she stretched a long, sticky thread from out of me. She lowered her head and brought the thread to her mouth so that it sagged between her lower lip and the tip of my throbbing erection. Her delicate tongue flicked out against my skin as she took me into her open-mouthed smile and wrapped her soft lips around me once more, sucking gently.
"Unnhh, like that?" I managed to groan.
"Mmm hmm," she hummed as she held the tip of me in her mouth, her hand still stroking me slowly.
"God, that feels so good," I exhaled. She moaned her agreement as her tongue encircled me in a slow, swirling motion. "But I want to hear more. Tell me what happened." I sensed her pause, reluctant to stop but (I hoped) excited to explore this new fantasy. Teasingly, she slid her mouth downwards over my shaft as far as she could, flickered her tongue sensuously, then slowly slid her lips back up, sucking gently, finally releasing it with a tender kiss.
Slowly tracing her fingernails up and down my wet skin, she raised her mouth to my ear once more. "You want me to tell you how I was fantasizing about you at work today?" I jerked involuntarily against her finger tips. "Mmmmmmm," she purred. "You want to hear how excited I got imagining wrapping my lips around your cock? You want me to tell how wet I was getting thinking of how I wanted to bring you so close that you werebeggingme to make you come?"
"Please..." I uttered breathlessly, begging for more, my fingers sliding up and down her inner thigh, exploring higher under her skirt. I could feel her legs open wider and could sense the delight she felt at the effects her words were having on me.
"You want to know about how I couldn't keep from closing my eyes right there at my desk and sliding my fingers underneath my dress to rub my swollen clit? You want me to tell you how I could feel my pussy dripping down my leg thinking of you bending me over my desk right there so you could fuck me from behind?"
"OHHhhhhhhh!" I let out in a guttural groan, my head falling back. It was all I could do keep control of the car as I placed both hands back on the steering wheel. Any momentary alarm she felt was quickly replaced by eager excitement at her own power over me. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her replace my hand with her own as it disappeared underneath her skirt.
"You want me to tell you how I could hear voices down the hall and the thrill turned me on even more? About how once I had to stop when someone walked through and as soon as they left I went right back to playing with my clit?"
"Yes...pleeeeease..." I managed to strain in a high-pitched whimper. She moaned softly in my ear at the sound of my pleading voice. I regained my composure enough to add, "I want to hear how much you wanted me to bend you over the desk right there in that office, lifting your dress up, gripping your ass in my hands, and burying my hard cock in your tight pussy!"
Her moan wasn't soft this time. "OHHHHH, mmmnnggphhhuck!" she wailed into my ear, her head collapsing against my shoulder and chest. She squeezed me so tight that it almost hurt, the pain actually bringing me intense pleasure. My pleasure grew as I noticed how rapidly she was rubbing herself under her skirt.
Our gasps, moans, and the soft wet noises of skin stroking skin were the only noises for a moment. My eyes kept darting from the road to where one of her hands was stroking me firmly to where her other hand was vigorously pleasuring herself.
"God, Ryan, I'm so close..." she breathed, momentarily slowing the activity hidden beneath the skirt. There was something so unbelievably sexy about the sight of her on the passenger seat, turned slightly towards me, knees apart and her skirt hiked far up her legs, just down enough to prevent me from seeing her finger-play, forcing me to use my imagination. I knew what I wanted next, but at the same time I wanted to hear the rest of her story.
"How did you almost get caught?" I asked quietly, breaking her from her revelry. As she calmed, her hand returned to rubbing slow circles between her legs while her other went back to slowly tracing the pulsating veins of my shaft. "I want to hear more about what happened... about what you were thinking when you made yourself come..."
"Mmmm, Ibetyou do," she whispered playfully, reasserting her control over the situation. "I bet you want to hearallabout it... about how I couldn't concentrate on anything else thinking how bad I wanted you in my mouth... about how my desire was so intense I actually caught myself running my tongue over my lips and around inside my mouth and had to almost laugh... about how the risk literally made my pussy hot, mmmm, driving me crazy..." She was definitely in control now, and there was no way I was going to interrupt her. I wanted to see how hot she could make us both.
"I bet you want to hear how I was turning myself on so much I couldn't resist reaching below the desk and underneath my dress, sliding it up over my thighs, teasing myself..." She began tickling her inner thigh up and down slowly as she spoke, reliving the fantasy. I was beginning to wish the drive would last forever—I didn't want her to stop talking dirty to me.
"Maybe you want to hear how hard my nipples got as I imagined your cock sliding in between my tits," she breathed, her voice dropping as she raised the heat of her words. I croaked a quiet groan as I throbbed against her gentle grip around me. She continued her slow stroking motion, her other hand still teasing herself languidly.
As hot as this was getting again, I could tell she was in the mood to make it last; it was such an amazing turn on. "Mmmm, how I actually started to rub my breasts when I knew no one was looking... how I used one hand to lift and squeeze my tits and play with my nipples while I rubbed my clit... how I pushed them together imagining they were tight around your hard cock... how I reached in under my bra right there in my office chair to play with my tits, fantasizing about how much I wanted to get your cock dripping wet with my mouth so you could slide it in between my tits as I pushed them together, watching you push up toward my mouth, the head of your cock all stretched tight and purple and swollen..."
"Ohhh, ffffuck..." I gasped. I didn't care if she was telling the truth or just trying to turn me on—either one did the trick. I resisted the overpowering urge to take my hand off the steering wheel anddosomething with it,anything.
"The chance someone might catch me playing with my tits turned me onso much, all I could do was slide both hands down and under my dress. God, Ryan... my pussy wassowet... when I pulled my underwear to the side they were soaked. I pushed two fingers in to get them wet, and then slowly started rubbing my clit. That's when I realized that what I wanted more than anything was for you to stand me up and bend me roughly over the desk so you couldfuckme from behind."
Even though it was second time she had said this, it still almost brought me over the edge. I inhaled sharply and glanced down at her hand, which was still sliding up and down over me. She got the hint and relaxed her grip with a delighted smile. "Mmmm, I love knowing you're close," she sighed.
"Keep talking," I begged. "This is incredible..."
"Like I said... I couldn't stop from using both hands under my dress... I was so swollen and ready for you to enter me..." As she spoke, she let go of me and slid both of her hands inwards along her thighs, spreading her legs wide to show me. Even in the dark car I could see how wet and ready she was. Her g-string was still pushed aside from earlier, exposing her freshly-shaven skin, swollen and glistening.
"Oh myGod, Stacy..." I said, louder than I expected. I had planned to tell her at some point very soon that I wanted to watch, that I wanted her toshowme what she had done earlier. Maybe she knew that's what I wanted, or maybe that's just what she wanted to do—I didn't care. I just sat there stunned, trying to drive while marveling at how hot she was making me.
"Mmmm, you like that?" she said with a wicked smile, her two hands gently spreading herself open for my viewing pleasure. It wasn't meant as a question. "You like watching me touch myself?"
"Unnnhhh," was all I could reply. With the index and middle fingers of one hand she pulled herself upwards and apart, exposing how wet she was while slowly teasing around with the fingers of her other hand. Her enjoyment was obvious as she continued to pleasure herself for me, pleasuring usboth. She smiled and squinted her eyes just a bit, tilting her head slightly and giving darting glances between my eyes and my own state of arousal. She pushed her chin forward a couple of times as if to say, "Come on! You know what I want" and I smiled as I got the silent hint. I surprised her at first by reaching my right hand towards her face, but she understood in an instant and proceeded to lick wetly from my thumb to my index finger, liberally salivating over my palm, her eyes locked on mine. My hand wet, I gripped myself gently and began a slow stroking motion.
"God, Ryan, I love watching you stroke your cock," she breathed, her head falling back against the seat, tilted toward me as she continued to use both hands sensuously between her legs. It was true, and I never stopped marveling at how her desire for me was so strong, so visceral—her sexuality was amazing. If she had ever been shy about letting me know when she wanted to watch, it was long forgotten.
"Mmmm, I love watching you play with your pussy," I replied, at a loss for words. I felt kind of lame for not coming up with something better to say, but she either didn't notice or didn't care as she watched my hand moving up and down with fascinated pleasure. She whimpered softly and gasped, her face contorting in pleasure as she guided herself to the brink of orgasm before relaxing again. I realized it wouldn't be long before I reached the freeway exit to my place, and I was torn between wanting to get there as soon as possible and making this fantasy last, prolonging the build-up.
"Bring yourself close and stop," she whispered, desire pouring from her eyes. This was one of her favorite commands, and I loved complying.
"I alreadyam!" I protested with a frustrated smile.
"Comeon, do it!" she insisted, now her eyes sparkling with laughter behind the mock attitude in her voice.
"Tell me more, first," I stated simply, hiding my grin. She broke out in a wide, heart-melting smile, and then gave me a playful tilt of the head and shrug of the shoulders to let me know she was enjoying our little game. I loved how she and I could switch from carnal lust to playful banter so quickly. Even when things got raunchy, or even on the brink of orgasm, there was always a spark of laughter jut below the surface, a competitive mischievousness that broke through.
"Mmmm, you want to hear more about what my hands were doing under my dress?" With her right hand she rubbed herself with slow, rhythmic circles while her left hand seemed to explore with a mind of its own. "You want to hear how I had to stop myself a couple times it was so intense? About how twice I had to answer the phone in that stupid receptionist voice"—her face drew back in a wicked grin—"but I was so turned on I didn't stop rubbing my clit..."
I groaned audibly and began to slowly run my fingers along the sensitive underside of my shaft, encouraging her to continue.
"God, I thought of those men on the phone having no idea I was making myself come and it made me even hotter." She subtly increased her finger-play for a moment, gave a sharp, halting breath, and then slowed again. Clearly the memory was turning her on. "I had such a strong urge to call you and tell you what I was doing, give you hints because I couldn't be direct... mmmm, make you all hard and listen to you the noises you make as you made yourself come...Gawwwd, Ryan," she gasped, closing her eyes, her features wincing in pleasure.
"Mmmm, God, Stacy, I would have loved thatsomuch..." I continued to lightly trace my fingers over my tight skin, teasing myself, as well as her in the process. Meanwhile she regained her composure, continuing to use her fingers as much for my benefit as her own.
"I was about to text you, actually," she began before breaking into a nervous laugh, "butthaaat'swhen I almost got caught..." The memory seemed to be turning her on and making her laugh with embarrassment at the same time. All of a sudden we were just two people laughing about a funny story, except that as we talked we were both idly touching ourselves in complete comfort. "I was still touching myself under my dress while I leaned down to go through my purse for my phone. When I leaned back up someone had come in and was almost at the desk. Haha I jumped and my face went like this." She showed me a wide-eyed expression of alarm, and we both started laughing loudly, another tension breaker.
"Ooooo, was it Paul?" I asked, trying to tease her.
"Shut up!!" she laughed. "No, it was someone with an appointment, thank god. If it had been one of the attorneys, I might have died right there and if not, just left and never came back."
"So what did you do?"
"Just tried my best to play it off." She mimed bringing her legs together while darting her hand from under her skirt while straightening it with the other, then sitting tall in her seat.
"OooOOOooo, playyouoff," I said immaturely. "Good thing you didn't have to shake his hand," I joked, and we both laughed again.
"When he left my heart was beatingsofast," she began excitedly. Her voice lowered and deepened as she continued, "It turned me onsooomuch..." She turned toward me slightly, parting her legs seductively as she slid both hands inwards along her thigh. My eyes followed her slender fingers as they traced along the skin of her perfect legs, now open wide, until they arrived again to where she was aroused and glistening.
"Why so much?" I managed to exhale, still gently and rather absent-mindedly stroking myself while I awaited an answer I knew would turn me on even more.
"Because... because it wasdirty..." she whispered, gasping the last word.
"God, Stacy," I panted. "Go on..."
"Mmmm, I still wanted to feel you behind me so bad," she whispered huskily. "But after the interruption I started imagining you taking your time... running your hands over my body while you stood behind me... pressing yourself into me... your fingers tickling up the back of my thighs... squeezing my ass... then slowly sliding my underwear down from under my dress, over my legs..." Sensuously, her eyes lust-filled eyes locked on mine, she hooked her thumbs under the thin fabric of her tiny g-string and began to slide it out from under her skirt, pushing her hips up provocatively off the seat. She pushed it forward over her smooth, tanned thighs and then curved it down around her slender, athletic calves, letting it bunch around her feet. Lifting up one foot, then the other, she let it drop to the floor. She brought her left hand to her breast and squeezed as her right slowly slid back upwards along her thigh under her skirt until finally beginning its rhythmic movement again.
"Goddaaammmn," I breathed.
She closed her eyes and continued, almost whimpering, "Mmmm, I imagined your hands roaming over my tits as you pulled me back toward you, sliding your fingers firmly down over my stomach as you pulled my waist into yours while you licked my neck." She opened her eyes and stared unabashedly at where my fingers were still sliding up and down, my erection throbbing in the dim light. "I wanted to feel the hot skin of your hard cock throbbing against my ass so bad," she moaned as one hand pulled at her chest while the other began to rub more frantically.
"Oh myGod, Stacy," was all I could respond as I tightened my own grip and began a stroking motion.
"I wanted to feel your hand on my back as you smashed my tits onto the desk," she gasped, the heat of her words growing to a searing intensity again. "I wanted to feel you rub your cockallover my ass, your throbbing skin hot on mine." With the index and pinky finger of her right hand she spread herself open and, with a moan of pleasure, pushed her middle two fingers inwards until they disappeared. "I wanted to feel you slide your cock in between my legs, over my pussy,everywhere," she panted, her face twisting in pleasure. "Ineededto feel you thrust into me roughly, skin to skin, while you grabbed my ass tight... I wanted so bad to thrust my ass back against your pounding cock that I was pushing my hips down hard into my chair while I played with my clit. God, Ryan... I wanted to feel you fuck mesohard!!... Unnhhh,ohhhh, fffucck,yessss!" she moaned loudly as she began feverishly working her fingers in and out. Even over he moans I could hear the wet slapping sounds of her thrusts. The sights and sounds and smells of her sex were intoxicating.
Finally succumbing to her wish, I began a furious stroking motion, groaning loudly, my head tilted back into the seat, my own face wincing with effort and pleasure. "God, Stacy, I love watching you fuck yourself with your fingers," I said, my voice sounding almost angry I was so turned on.
"Fuck, Ryan,yessss... keep stroking your cock! Bring yourself close!!" she commanded desperately, her eyes fixating on where I was pumping myself up and down furiously. She brought her other hand down from her breasts and began to rub vigorously while her fingers plunged wetly in and out, making delightfully lewd sounds. My face contorted as I stroked myself as fast as I could, my own slapping sounds mixing perversely with hers. I would have to stop soon.
"Ohhhh, yea Stacy, make yourself come!! Imagine I'm shoving your tits hard into the desk while I slap your ass, my hard cock pounding into your tight pussy from behind so hard that it hurts!!!"
"Ahhhhhuuuhhhnnnnhhh...." she wailed. Her eyes clenched shut and her face in ecstasy, she began to cry out in a sharp, staccato rhythm, "Unnhh, uhhh, oohhh, fffuck, ummnn, gaawwd, ahnngh, yessss..."
"Ohhh, fuck, Stacy, I'm so close!!" I practically shouted.
"Oh, God, so am I!" she managed to reply in between her panting moans, her eyes squinting open to watch me again. "I'm coming, Ryan... I'mcoming!!! OHHHHHHHH FFFfffuuuuuuuck!!!!!"
I watched mesmerized as her face scrunched up and her whole body contracted, her shoulders hunching forward as her fingers continued rubbing and thrusting. Her legs swung together tightly around her forearms, her whole body shuddering. Unintelligible sounds poured from her open mouth, even her jaw wracked with spasms. Her orgasm seemed to last forever before subsiding.
I felt the stirrings of my own orgasm begin to rush from within, and I gave a loud, long, sharp intake of breath through my gritted teeth. "Don't come yet!!" she pleaded, her eyes now wide even as her body relaxed. I don't know what noises I continued to make as I focused on controlling myself, wanting to bring myself right to the edge. I sucked another long breath in between my teeth and held it, squeezing tightly against the rush of heat and energy rushing up my legs and emanating from my center.
She watched my face in exquisite fascination as I fought against release, her eyes dancing now with what seemed like pure joy and wonder. Her gaze shifted to where I was throbbing and jerking involuntarily, her fingers still working slowly. I was winning the battle, but not without a fight, as I could sense the rush of a small ejaculation course through me. I heard her squeal with delight as I spurted just once, thin and high into the air, splashing down on her bare leg. As she continued to gasp her pleasure in what she was watching, I relaxed my body, signaling the moment was over.
"Oh my God, Ryan, you don't even know what that does to me, how much I love watching you bring yourself that close, the noises you make, how much it turns me on to watch your face tense up... how hot it makes me to watch your come spurt out of your cock and splash all hot onto my leg..."
"Fffuck," was all I could whisper. I watched in amazement as she swirled a finger over the wet spot on her thigh before bringing it back between her legs, rubbing it slowly against her as the fingers of her other hand slid languidly in and out.
"Mmmmm, I love rubbing your come all over my pussy..." Every time she turned the heat up with her talk, I couldn't resist turning it even higher.
"I wish you could feel me spurt my hot come over your ass after I fucked you hard from behind," I offered confidently.
Her fingers attacked furiously again as she wailed a long moan. "God, Ryan, I want that so bad!! I want to feel you explode all over my ass!"
"I want to watch you make yourself come again," I stated firmly. "I want to watch while you imagine me shooting my hot come all over your ass, spurting over your pussy, dripping down..."
"Ohhhh,fffuck!!!" she wailed.
"Yeah?" I asked aggressively, losing control. "You want me to feel me erupt all over you from behind? You want to feel me spurt hot and wet all over swollen pussy??!"
"Ohhh, Ryan,yessss!!! I want to feel your come dripping down my pussy so much!!" she cried, sliding three fingers in easily and deeply while her body started to convulse as she rubbed frantically. Her eyes were closed and I simply watched her for a moment, marveling at her sexuality. She had just finished a mind-blowing orgasm and already she was moments away from another one. I felt an incredible sense of power being able to bring her to multiple orgasms with just my words. I realized with a start that we were almost at my exit and while she continued to attend to herself, oblivious, I cut across several lanes and up toward the light at the end of the ramp.
"Mmmm, yea you do!" I said forcefully. "I bet you love imagining using your mouth to clean me up afterwards... taking my throbbing cock in your mouth... tasting yourself on me as you lick and suck up every last drop of my come..."
"Unnnnhhhhh, God, Ryan, I'm gonna come again!!!" she cried. "Don't stop!"
"I want to feel your mouth around me while you fuck your pussy with your fingers!!" I said raunchily. "I want to feel your lips wrapped tight around my cock when you come!!" I reached for her head to pull her aggressively toward my lap, although I hadn't needed to—she was already repositioning herself so that she could reach me with her lips. What she did next almost brought me to a premature climax.
As she adjusted her body and began to lower her mouth, she withdrew one hand from beneath her skirt, fingers dripping from her first orgasm, and began slipping and sliding them all over my shaft until I was glistening with her wetness. Then, as she plunged her fingers back in and began thrusting vigorously, she swallowed me as deeply into her mouth as she ever had, her tongue running fluidly all over me, her other hand gripped tightly around the base, her moans confirming how much she was enjoying herself. "Yeahh?? You like tasting your wet pussy on my hard cock?" She whimpered in response and the hum vibrated through my shaft and down into my balls, enveloping me in ecstasy. I could feel the efforts of her fingers all the way through her body to her mouth, hardly able to believe the pleasure I felt.
I had reached the stoplight at the end of the off ramp and had to stop before making the turn toward my place, and I used the break to focus my attention on her. I reached over to where her skirt was hiked up high over her leg and hip and began to rub and knead her butt firmly.
"MMMM, you like thinking of my cock all throbbing and dripping after I come? Maybe running it over your tits? Maybe sliding it along your ass?" Although I hadn't thought it possible, the intensity of her moans increased. She spluttered against me, almost choking on her own gasps. I continued to reach around her hip, pulling and squeezing, unable to reach to where her fingers were frantically, noisily thrusting in and out with wet slaps. But that wasn't my goal.
"Yeahh, you want that???" I demanded as my fingers extended over the smooth skin of her ass, spreading her open, thrilling to the feel of her humming moans around me. "You want to feel my hard cock dripping over your ass after you've collapsed face down on the desk... sliding it over your pussy after we've both come so hard...rubbing iteverywhere..." I found her soft, puckering opening and pushed a finger against its taught resistance and continued, "Pushing the dripping tip into your tight ass..."
She opened her mouth wide around me to cry out a long, muffled "Ohhhhmmpphhuck!!" before clamping her lips tight around me and sucking hard. I could feel her orgasm building as her muscles tensed around the tip of my finger, and then she exploded in violent spasms, wildly moaning in a loud, pulsing rhythm around my shaft. Her fingers coiled tightly around me to support herself from collapsing while she rubbed furiously under her skirt. Saliva gushed from around her lips and dripped down over her hand as each moan pushed her hot breath over me, engulfing me in pleasure. I applied a little more pressure with my finger, thrilling in each contraction as her orgasm continued in wave after wave.
As her cries of pleasure subsided and her fingers slowed, I lightly grazed my fingertips over the skin of her hip and lower back. She finally pushed herself up with not a little effort and an exaggerated, weary groan. As I pulled away from the intersection, she fell back into her seat, her chin falling to the side almost to her shoulder, her legs splayed open and her hand limp between her thighs, and slowly sighed, "Ohhhh....mmmyyyyy.... Gawwwwd...Thatwas uhh-mayyy-zing..."
"Ummmm...yeahhh....," was all I could say, then added playfully, "I mean, Iguessit was okay."
"Shut up," she said simply, not moving even to open her eyes.
"I thought you were going to keep me close thewholeway home," I joked.
"Are you close?" she asked disinterestedly.
"Yea, I suppose."
"Good. Stay that way for awhile."
I laughed at her wit and continued to drive in silence for a few moments. At the next light I was able to let my gaze linger on her for awhile—wow! She was so beautiful, so relaxed, so contented, so uninhibited sitting there making no attempts to cover herself. She groaned several times in exaggerated fashion, meant mostly to tell me how satisfied she was.
"Ummm, what just happened?" she asked in a sleepy voice, stirring finally to stretch her legs, raising her arms over her head and letting them collapse over her head to frame her face. I began to lightly tickle her knee and thigh, more lovingly and appreciatively than sensuously. She responded by running her fingernails up and down the inside of my forearm.
Contentedly, we continued the drive to my apartment in silence. As we drove, our mutual touching grew slowly and slowly more erotic. I let my fingers wander further along her inner thigh as she let her fingers dance from my arm to my thigh and back. She would catch her breath subtly when my fingers slipped under her skirt and communicated her approval deftly with her own touch. As we approached my apartment, she was definitely aroused again, her fingers brushing my erection teasingly as I ran my fingers up one leg and down the other, closing in but never touching. "Mmmm," she sighed, curling her fingers around my shaft once more. "God, Ryan, I can't wait to make you come..."
"Neither can I," I said lamely, then adding more confidently, "I want to feel you skin to skin so bad. Mmmm, God, I want to explode all over you..."
She gripped me tighter and gasped, "That's what I want, too... it's what I've been thinking of all day."
As I turned the last corner into my apartment complex, she caressed me one last time before straightening herself out. With some effort, I tucked myself painfully back into my jeans, not bothering to zip up. I watched her pick up her g-string from the floor of the car and think for a split second before simply dropping it into her purse.
I slid the car into my parking space and put it in park, then paused before turning off the ignition. Part of me didn't want the car ride to end. But I knew further pleasures awaited me once inside and the car shuddered off as I turned the key. I started to fiddle with the center console to make sure I had everything, and as I was grabbing my wallet she swooped in to kiss me tenderly, her fingers under my chin and over my cheek. I returned the kiss, eager to let my eyes close and my mind focus on how amazing she was now that the drive was over. It started off slow yet passionately, our lips prodding each other's in perfect rhythm. From our first kiss I had marveled at how our mouths seemed made for one another. Every once in awhile she let out the faintest of whimpers. My fingers danced along the nape of her neck as she caressed my face, sliding her fingers around to the back of my head, pulling me in tighter. Our tongues began to explore as the passion built, the heat of our kiss rising as she continued to whimper with pleasure into my mouth. She broke the embrace with a series of quick kisses, then let her forehead rest against mine for a second as we each took a deep breath.
"I love you so much," I whispered.
"I love youtooso much," she answered with a sigh.
We rested like that for a moment, my fingers caressing her cheeks as hers traced over the back of my neck...
"This is wonderful," she began quietly, then added with a grin, "but can we go inside? Cause I really wanna do it..."
We both cracked up laughing, each making a few jokes about ruining a tender moment. I pulled back and made a motion to open my door, but something about the shift of her body and legs as she turned away overwhelmed me. I leaned over quickly and grabbed her as she reached for the door, one hand pulling her shoulders back towards me as my other hand groped over her breasts.
She exhaled a sharp, shuddering moan as she placed her hand over mine to pull it even more firmly into her breasts. I slid my tongue up her neck in one long lick as I placed both hands on her knees and pulled inwards, spreading her legs forcefully as I ran them over her inner thighs. She gasped loudly as I ran one hand, then the other firmly between her legs, over her waist and hips, cupping her breasts with an aggressive squeeze, then let go casually, delighting in noise of frustration she made.
"Just checking to see if youreallywanted to do it," I said in a singsong, mock-sensual voice. "Nowlet's go inside." I opened the door and hopped out.
"Ihateyou," she said loudly, pretending to be angry as she opened her own door. "You're such ajerk!"
"Yep... I'm a jerk," I answered, drawing out the last words for emphasis. As I met her at the back of the car to start the short walk to my place, I reached for her hand.
"Don't!" she whined in a little girl voice, pulling her hand away and giving me an exaggerated scowl.
"OoooOOOooo," I cooed, raising my eyebrows high and giving her butt a playful slap. "Feisty!"
"Shut up!" she answered, slapping my hand away. "You just want my goodies."
"Yea... pretty much," I replied.
"Hey, what'sthat?" she asked loudly, making a show of pointing to the uncomfortable bulge where I was straining against my unzipped jeans. "What'sthatthere? Huh? Whatisthat?"
"Ummm, mywiener," I answered loudly, both of us laughing. We continued our silly banter as we walked quickly to the flight of stairs leading to my second-story apartment, laughing and making sarcastic comments and funny faces to cover the sexual tension. As we reached the outdoor stairs that led to my front door, I paused to let her go first. I guess it was the gentlemanly thing to do, but mostly I just loved watching her legs as she climbed the stairs, and she knew it. She flashed a coy smile and started up the first couple steps, lifting her skirt teasingly to improve my view as her hips swayed at eye level. I followed, admiring the stunning view of her strong, lithe legs flexing from ankle to thigh, my eyes following the lines of her upper leg high up into her skirt where her legs joined... I didn't care that people could see... I couldn't stop myself...
I reached one arm around her waist and pulled her back into me hard while my other arm wrapped around her shoulder, my hand on her throat to bring her ear to my lips. What I whispered was so unexpectedly, shockingly dirty that she cried out loudly, her moan echoing in the small courtyard. She reached one hand back over behind my head while the other followed to cover my own as I began to fondle her breasts roughly. Standing one stair above me, her hips met mine perfectly as I pressed into her, pulling each other into a tight embrace. My hands pressed over her flat stomach, one sliding up under her shirt while the other slipped down under the waistline of her skirt. She pulled my hand tightly over her breasts, squeezing hard and lifting them up toward her chin. My other hand didn't wait. She cried out again, sucking a long breath between her teeth as I curled two fingers into her. I was pulling her whole pelvis back hard against mine as my fingers slipped in deeply.
"OhhhhfffuckkRyan!!!" she cried.
I thrilled at the sensation of the two of us fighting and struggling to entwine our bodies as tightly against each other as possible. Knowing we were in full view in the dim light of the staircase turned me on even more. My tongue flickered up her neck as her head fell back against me. I pushed her bra up and over her breasts so I could cup their full weight as I continued to fondle them, the swollen pink tips hardening as they became exposed to the cool night air.
"God, Ryan," she gasped back over her shoulder. "I love the way you play with my tits while you finger my pussy." I plunged my fingers even deeper in response. "Unnnhhh, yes! Oh myGod, Ryan!! I love feeling your hard cock pressed against my ass!"
"Yea, Stacy?" I breathed, my voice raunchy, my wet fingers rubbing, spreading, and diving inside her greedily as I pushed myself against her even harder. "You like knowing someone might be watching?"
"Ohhhhyessss!!!"
"Mmmm, you want someone to hear you moan? Maybe look out his window and see us here on the stairs with my hand down your skirt? Maybe he'll get turned on and start jerking himself off watching me play with your tits?"
"Unnhhnnn, God" she whimpered, pulling my hands tight over her breasts while grinding her hips back into mine. "I want that so bad!!" The fantasy was driving her crazy, and I couldn't resist driving her even crazier.
I slipped my fingers out from her skirt and pulled myself out through my jeans from where my zipper was still down. Before she realized what was happening, I lifted her skirt just enough, squeezed her butt to spread her open and pushed forward, burying myself inside her in one long thrust.
"Unnngggmmmppphhhhh!!!" she choked on her own cry. "Ohhh,fuck, Ryan! Ohhhhh,fffffuck!!"
She collapsed forward, bracing herself with one hand on the stair in front of her while the other reached back, clutching at my hips wildly. The courtyard echoed with her building orgasm and the feverish, wet slapping sounds our bodies made as I pounded into her with an accelerating rhythm.
"Ohhh hhh hhh hhh...unnh nnnh nhhh," she cried in a long, drawn out, guttural moan, her voice vibrating wildly to the rhythm of my thrusts. She looked back over her shoulder into my eyes, her face twisted in a painful ecstasy, her free arm still clutching wildly back at my hip as if simultaneously begging me to stop while urging me on.
"Fuck me harder, Ryan!" she gasped, her tits swinging wildly beneath her, her ass quivering with each thrust. "Keep fucking my pussy!! Ohhhh... yessss...ohhhhhh!!!"
I gripped her hips tighter in both hands and shifted my weight slightly for more leverage, then obeyed her command. I felt and heard my balls slapping her roughly as I pumped in and out as fast and hard as I could. I knew she wanted it rough and dirty, and I was doing my best to oblige.
"Gawwwwd, Ryan! Don't stop!! Ohhh,fffuck!!" she managed to wail. "I've wanted to feel your cock pounding into me so bad!!"
Even with her face contorted in pleasure, I saw her glance quickly at the black windows of the surrounding apartments before wincing in rapturous ecstasy. This couldn't be going unnoticed, and the thought was driving us wild. I knew what she was thinking, what she waswanting, and the excitement of our semi-public display and the knowledge of her nasty desire was bringing me close again.
"Ohhhh yes!! Just like that! Oh fuck, Ryan, I'm gonna come!" she screamed. "Fuck me, Ryan!!!Ohhhhh, yes,I'm gonna come so hard!! Keep fucking me!!Keep fucking me!!!!!I'm coming...I'M COMING!!!!UNNNNGGGGHHHHMMMPPHHHHUCCCKKK!!!!"
I felt her clench hard around me as her whole body tensed and released violently, her screams animalistic as her orgasm exploded inside her. I adjusted my pace and began to withdraw slowly before plunging in hard and deep, matching each of her contractions with my thrusts as she tightened around me, quaking with waves of pleasure. I continued plunging into her as she kept coming and coming, each thrust producing a long, drawn out moan.
As her orgasm subsided, I continued to slide in and out slowly. Just before it appeared she would collapse face first onto the stairs, I pulled her up gently to lean back against me, one arm around her neck and shoulders. I slipped out, the tip pressing upwards between her legs, hot and throbbing against her slick, wet flesh. "God, I love fucking you..." I whispered hotly into her ear. As she whimpered an exhausted reply, I reached down to rub myself around her thighs, between her legs, my glistening shaft sliding between the crack of her ass, pressing teasingly at her anus. She made almost a hissing sound as she sucked her breath loudly through her teeth in surprised anticipation. I continued to tease her from behind while we collected our breath and our wits.
A noise from a nearby window made us both jump. Startled, we ran up the last couple of stairs and tumbled into my apartment. I closed the door loudly behind us, then we both broke out laughing. "Oh my god, ummm, what just happened?" she said. "Wow..."
"Yea... wow..." was all I could say, and we both kind of shuddered as if trying to shake off mental cobwebs. "Here, you need help with this?" I asked with a laugh, reaching to help her adjust her shirt and bra, which were still pushed up over her naked chest.
"No, I can manage," she answered with a suggestive smile, and instead of tugging them down, she pulled them over her head and off completely. Before I could even admire her perfect body—the ample swells of her creamy flesh contrasting with the dark, tanned skin of her shoulders, her athletically graceful arms, her taught, toned stomach, the alluring indentation above the contour of her hips where her skirt hung low—she dropped her clothes to the floor beside her, wrapped her arms around my neck and pushed me back into the door, kissing me hard.
My hands roamed over the smooth skin of her back and down over the round firmness of her ass, her muscles tight under my grip as she strained on her tiptoes to reach my lips. Passion flowing between our mouths, we groped and pawed and pulled at each other, our lips and tongues matching each other's movements erotically despite our wildness. While I pushed at the sides of her breasts, she slid her hands up under my shirt, pushing it up to my neck, and ran them over my chest. I let out a moan and gripped both of her breasts firmly in my hands, kneading them eagerly. If ever I was a patient, tender lover, this wasn't the time.
I pulled her hips against mine, protruding out from my jeans to throb hotly on her belly. Ducking my head, I ran my tongue wetly between her breasts, over her throat, and then plunged it into her mouth again. We kissed wildly as I delighted in the feel of her breasts smashed up against my bare chest and her hips grinding into mine. I ducked my head again to run my tongue over one nipple, then the other before sucking on them fiercely. She pulled my head firmly into her, her whimpers urging me to continue, whispering in my ear, "I love it when you suck my tits, Ryan..."
"I love it when you suck my cock, Stacy," I answered dumbly, my lips still working greedily on her lengthening nipples.
To my surprise, she pushed back from me a moment and gave me a look that I couldn't interpret. For a second I wondered if I hadoffendedher or something; I couldn't read her face.
"How did youknow?" she asked, her head tilted slightly, a bright look on her face meant to confuse me.
"Ummm..." I paused, my hands on her shoulders now. "How did I knowwhat?"
"How did you know that I had asurprisefor you...?"
Without another word, she began fumbling with my belt and tugging at my jeans. I stood there dumbly for a moment in disbelief at her insatiable desire, not letting myself hope for what she meant. I was just about to make a lame joke when she cut me off.
"Shut up and help me get these off!" I expected a wicked grin or a flirtatious smile, but she just looked at me with serious yearning, her nose crinkling as she worked at my belt. I returned a passionate gaze, then yanked my shirt over my head while she slid my pants down around my ankles, dropping slowly to her knees.
I was still poking through my boxers when she looked up at me, her hand encircling my shaft once more. I looked down in wonder. She had lowered her head so that the view of her hand around me was between us and stared at me with a piercing gaze. I looked her in the eye as she started slowly teasing me. I let my gaze wander over her delicate fingers as they worked, then down to her naked breasts, then back up to her fiery eyes. As she tightened her grip subtly, she used the other hand to lift one breast upwards towards her mouth. She tilted her head further down and, without once breaking eye contact she flicked her tongue out over her nipple. I jerked obviously in her hand as I let out a long, gasping sigh. She smiled wickedly as she worked her tongue over her breast, tugging slightly at the base of my shaft.
"Mmmm, do you like watching me lick my tits, Ryan?" she purred, still not breaking eye contact.
"Yessssss," I hissed, punctuating it with another gasp.
"Good...showme how much you like it..." She let go of me and put both of her hands under her breasts, alternating her snake-like flickers between each one. Leaning back against the door, I wrapped my hand around the base and began slowly tugging, pulling my skin back so that the purple head swelled, inches from her open mouth.
She gasped lightly, and I could feel her hot breath flow over the tip. I began to stroke myself slowly as I looked down at her, her face peering up past where my hand gripped my shaft as she continued to lick her breasts sensuously. The view was amazing...
"Okay," she whispered as she adjusted her body, "it'syourturn now..." She curled her fingers over my boxers and pulled them down, smiling delightedly when I sprang back upwards against my belly. With one last long look at me, she curled her hand around the base and wrapped her lips around me, sliding her mouth down to meet her hand, then sucked gently as she pulled herself away. She continued slowly, focusing on accentuating my pleasure, deftly swirling and curling her tongue, sliding it along the soft underside, sucking on the tip. As I became wet with her saliva, she started slowly stroking me with her hand as she sensuously attended to every pleasure point. As her pace quickened, she began to groan quietly—I could feel it more than hear it—as she delighted in her own skills at pleasuring me.
"God, Stacy... that feel so good..." I opened my eyes and looked down at her, where she returned my gaze with a sparkle, smiling with her eyes before closing them to take me deep once more. "You're amazing..." I sighed.
She slid her mouth around and off me sensuously, looked up and whispered, "Thank you," in a sincere voice. "You're pretty amazing, too."
With that, she leaned up higher and closed her breasts around my wet shaft, squeezing them together and rocking her body slightly back and forth. I couldn't resist thrusting slightly. "Oh myGod, Stacy..."
"Yea...? You like feeling your cock sliding in between my tits?" she whispered with a halting gasp as the heat intensified.
"MMMMM, fffuck,yesss..." I moaned back, taking her shoulders in my hands and thrusting between her more aggressively.
"Oh my God, Ryan... I love watching you fuck my tits!!"
I gasped again and increased my pace.
"Ohhh,fuck,yes, Ryan!! I love watching your cock push up between my tits while you fuck them!!! I want to make you come sohard!!I want to feel you spurt hot and wet all over my tits!!! Fuck my mouth, Ryan... I want to make you come!!!"
"Ohhhhh, fffffuuuuck, Stacy!!!" I cried as she gripped me tight around the base once more and wrapped her lips around me tightly, stroking and sucking furiously now. We were both moaning and gasping, the noises of our pleasure mingling with the wet sounds of her mouth as she licked and sucked and gushed all over me.
Watching her slip her fingers under her skirt again was the last straw, and as I felt her moans humming around me, I sensed my climax building.
"Oh myGOD, Stacy... OhhhFUCK!!I'm gonna come... Faster!!!Faster!!!"
My toes started to curl and my legs started to tense as I felt the rush of energy swell up from within and through me where it ended in her hot, wet, eager mouth...
She stroked me furiously as I rasped a long breath in over gritted teeth before crying that I was about to come. In a mesmerizing display of instinctive sexuality, she pulled her mouth away just as the first wave of my orgasm crashed through me, my muscles contracting to expel the mounting tension.
She cried in delight as I erupted gloriously over her breasts, a long, thick rope of white fluid splashing across and between them while she pumped me vigorously with her hand. I had never felt an orgasm this intense, and before the next rush of heat, she clamped her lips around me tight, still stroking me hard. Trembling, I came again, exploding into her eager mouth as she sucked me feverishly. She spluttered for only a brief moment as she struggled to contain me, her cries muffled as she tightened her lips. Another wave of pleasure shook me as I pulsed and spurted into her mouth once more, jerking and spasm-ing against her tongue, wet hot stickiness surrounding my shaft.
Leaning back a bit to look at my face, her mouth opened slightly as I continued to come, spilling me lewdly down to splash on her breasts. I saw her wince in effort and pleasure as she swallowed what wasn't running over her chin. My legs were almost giving out as my whole body continued to contract over and over again until my spasms subsided.
I felt my face relax and my eyes widen, my mouth hanging wide open as my head fell forward slightly, a bizarre-looking smile of ecstasy on my face. She slowed the jerking movement of her hand and looked me in the eye while running her tongue over me. I could see her smile as she pulled back slightly before closing her eyes and sucking at the tip.
"Whooaaa..." was all I could manage in a raspy exhalation as she tenderly swirled her tongue around the tip one last time before giving it a soft kiss.
Her breath was cool on my wet skin as she whispered, "I told you I had a surprise..."
When it was clear I wasn't going to collapse in a heap on the floor, I reached down to help her up. "That...was amazing..." I stammered.
"I know," she said simply, getting to her feet and wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. She smiled wide, her eyes sparkling. "It was amazing for me, too..."
"So... ummm..." I stood there naked waiting for her cue. She bent quickly to pick up her shirt, then trotted off toward the bathroom, leaving me heaving, still erect, against the door.
On her way, she looked over her shoulder and called out, "Hey, make us a couple of drinks. I hope your wiener isn't tired, because this night is just getting started."
I watched her walk away and around the corner, her hands on her breasts to keep them from bouncing. I stretched my face and blinked hard a few times, slipped my pants back on, then made my way to the kitchen to start those drinks. I wondered what the rest of the night would bring...