Wear this tonight. -Daddy
I was giddy with excitement opening the gift that was left for me. Tonight is date night which is always filled with fun and debauchery. This present was only the beginning. Nestled inside the black box was a pink U-shaped vibrator. From the instructions, I learned that it could be controlled remotely through Bluetooth. I bet he already linked it to his phone.
Grinning, I turned the device on before pulling my lacy black underwear down. I leaned back on the bed and slowly put the toy in place. The top part rested right on my clit while the part that was inserted rubbed against my G-spot. It went in easily since I was already wet with anticipation for tonight.
I was excited to get going so I pulled my underwear back on. Stopping at the mirror in my bedroom, I gave myself a once over. My brown locks were styled in soft curls that ended right below my C cup breasts. The red dress clung to my curves and popped against my pale skin. I double checked to make sure there wasn't any red lipstick on my teeth before pulling my matching heels on and heading to the door.
"You look gorgeous, baby girl," he says, opening the door of the car for me.
"Thank you, daddy," I reply, grinning as I get up on my tiptoes to give him a peck on the cheek before getting in my seat. He leans over to buckle my seatbelt and runs his nose up my throat.
"Did you wear my gift, baby girl?" he asks, sliding his hand slowly up my leg.
"Yes daddy, I put it in before I came out," I answer breathlessly, his fingers grazing my panties. He applies pressure and presses the toy deeper inside me, eliciting a gasp from my lips.
"Good girl. Let's get to dinner."
A short drive later, we arrived at the restaurant. He always chooses such nice places to take me. The atmosphere was romantic with low lighting and light music playing on the piano. The waiter escorted us to a round booth in the corner, taking our drinks orders and leaving us to peruse the menus. Once the waiter is out of earshot, Daddy leans in close to whisper in my ear.
"You are not allowed to cum tonight. If you can't hold out until we get back home, I'll have to punish you." I nod my head in understanding. He pulls his phone out and unlocks it, resting it on the table. "Let's have some fun, little girl."
He taps something on his phone and the toy starts to vibrate. The sudden sensation causes me to gasp. I hear him chuckle beside me, "Better stay quiet or someone might think something perverse is going on."
He knows it turns me on to do these naughty things in public, the risk of being caught so thrilling to me. It sends a direct pulse to my already soaking cunt. The vibrations start to get stronger, making it hard to hide my moans. I bite my lip attempting to quiet myself. Just when I think I'm going to start grinding against the seat, the sensation suddenly stops. I let out a ragged breath and look over to him. The desire in his eyes is suffocating. And it's all for me.
The waiter walks back over a moment later to take our orders. Just as I'm about to tell him what I want, the vibrations pick up again, stronger than before. I choke on my words and hide behind my menu. "Miss are you alright," the waiter asks me. "I-I'm f-f-fine," I stutteringly reply. I quickly rush out my order and hand my menu back to him.
The device is turned off again once he walks away. "I bet he could smell that delicious pussy. I could see the bulge in his pants." He rubs his hand up my leg and feels how damp my panties are. "Mm, I hope you can make it through dinner, baby girl."
The rest of the meal went about the same. The intermittent vibrations teasing me close to the edge then shutting off again. By the time we make it back home, I'm practically shaking with need. We walk in the
front door, and he pins me to the wall, attacking my mouth with fever. I moan against his lips as his hands tangle in my hair. When we separate, he drops to the ground and rips my underwear off me. "Since you were able to hold off, I'm going to give you a little treat, baby."
He lifts one of my legs over his shoulder and carefully removes the toy. I could see just how drenched the toy was, shiny with my juices. He throws the toy on the ground and runs his tongue up my slit. I moan and throw my head back against the wall. I'm so sensitive from the hours of teasing. It's almost took much when he guides two of his fingers into my pussy, fucking me with them. "Cum now," he demands and sucks on my clit. I fall apart immediately on his command, riding out my orgasm as he gives me one final lick and stands up.
"You taste fucking delectable, princess. Let's get up to the bedroom."
He grabs my hand and practically drags me up the stairs to our room. "Strip quickly or I'll rip every stitch of clothing off of you," he warns. I kick my heels off near the foot of the bed. I make quick work of the zipper on my dress and pull it over my head. I turned around and unhook my bra, throwing it onto the pile. By the time I turn around, he's naked as well, his hard cock jutting straight out from his body. He jerks his head towards the bed, and I obediently climb onto it.
He crawls over top of me and grabs my wrists in his hand. He runs the tip of his cock up and down my slit a few times. "Take daddy's cock," he says, ramming into me and setting a punishing pace. A curse falls from my lips as he grips my hip, effectively nailing me into the bed. I wrap my legs around him and hold on for the ride. I'm still so sensitive from the tongue lashing he gave me. "Fuck me daddy. Ruin my cunt," I breathlessly say to him. "I love hearing those filthy words of yours. But if you can talk, I'm not fucking you hard enough."
He wraps his hand around my throat and drills into me harder. My eyes roll back, the only sounds I'm able to make are moans and whimpers. I'm going to be so sore afterwards, but all I can focus on is how good his cock feels inside of me.
"You're going to cum for me. I want to feel your pussy clamp on my cock, baby girl." He releases my wrists to rub circles on my clit, plummeting me off the edge. "Fuck daddy, yes!" I scream for him.
He pulls his cock out and straddles my chest, stroking his cock frantically. Throwing his head back with a curse, his cum splatters on my face and into my hair. Once he squeezes out every last drop, he runs his finger down my cheek. "Such a good fucking girl."