***DISCLAIMER***
The story is a fantasy I wish I could fulfil with my crush I met online She is aware of my kinks and I dedicate this and the upcoming chapters to her. Please leave comments, I will kindly ask her to read my work and your feedback. Thank you.
I am 25 and she is 24.
I am a voyeur at heart. I love to watch. I love to witness how the atmosphere changes when the person exhibiting themselves changes their attitude and mannerism to put on a show. I browsed online where that sort of kink was large but it was exclusively pay to play. You had to tip, pay up and subscribe to be able to watch live performances. The girls offering the services did not look bad but when money got involved in sex it turned me off. I was in it for the passion.
Nonetheless I kept browsing searching for a unicorn. A woman who would maybe be what I'm looking for. And trough dumb luck I stumbled upon something interesting. It was a link to a video of a young petite pale redhead talking about her size queen fetish.
I was instantly hooked. She was fully clothed with her face hidden and she managed to arouse me more than watching hardcore porn. She was so amazing. Her voice, her mannerism, the way she talked about "circumcised cocks" and "guys all over the world getting off to her" instantly got me hooked.
I tried my luck and messaged her asking about her kinks. Also I sent a dick pic which she likes to receive. I know I wasn't the biggest but I'm for sure not small.
To my luck she responded with praise for my "nice, long thick cock" and we hit it off from there. It was supposed to be an occasional chat every few days and it formed into a daily thing.
After she became a part of my daily routine I decided to test her by offering money or buying her toys of which she already had a big collection. She rejected every single time. I tried raising the amount but she just kept declining. I think that's where me seeing her as a sexual object stopped and the devotement of my feelings began towards her.
I had to meet her. I just had to at least once tell her to her face how beautiful she is. I don't know how I managed it or what she saw in me but she was inclined to give me a shot. I pinched myself just to makes sure I wasn't dreaming shortly after she granted me the wish of a meet up. But it came with demands on her part. I was supposed to follow strict jerk off instructions for a few weeks to earn it.
It was tough in the beginning but I soldiered trough. I was especially horny and pennt up when the meet up was nearing. It was a few days since I even touched myself. But her wishes are my command.
I was so nervous. I finally was going to meet the woman who had so much control over me. Control over my orgasms but mostly occupying my thoughts. She was so good at bringing me to the edge and back only trough her angelic sexy voice.
I stood in front of the motel door waiting for my courage to gather till I finally knocked on the door.
"Who is it...?" Melissa spoke. Making my skin cover itself in Goosebumps.
"I-it's me. David...you texted me this address." She was toying with me. Nobody else knew she was there waiting.
"David...David...Oh yeah David, how could I forget. Would you like to come in hmmm?" Playfully said Melissa.
"Yes please. I want to see you." I timidly said.
"You can ask even nicer, is that the best you can do? I thought you really wanted this...beg." A soft innocent giggle came at the very end.
I was already rock hard. I leaned on the door and said "Please let me witness the reason why I can't think straight ever since I saw you. Please Melissa, let me show you how much power you have over me...please."
A few moments of silence passed, they felt like ages as cold sweat was forming on my brow.
"Come in, it's open." I opened the door and felt how heavy my legs were with each step.
The moment I had been waiting for. Melissa standing in front of me. Finally I was blessed enough to lay my eyes on her. For the first time I got to see her face, not just her delicious body. I wanted to tell her how beautiful she was, how captivating her blue-greyish eyes were, how her nose, cheekbones and lips fit so well to make her face so soothing to look at. I tried talking but my lips felt numb and dry, my tongue was frozen and my entire face felt as if it got hit with a hammer.
She stood in front of me with her dreamy figure in a tight black dress. It was very short leaving her entire smooth shaved legs exposed. I could see her nipples poke out while trying to cover her entire flawlessness with my eyes. I adored her red lipstick. It went so well with her milky skin and scarlet hair.
She walked over to me while I felt the chains of her dominance immobilise me, I did not dare move a muscle. Her power over me was undeniable, we both knew who was in charge.
"Tall, firm...strong," Melissa slapped my ass then grabbed it and held onto it, slowly moving her hand between my legs packing a handful of my raging hard on. "You could manhandle me if you wanted to. You could pick me up and fuck me silly and there is nothing I could do stop you. But you're not gonna do that are you?"
Melissa waited for my response but I was too busy forcing my lungs to breathe. The smoking hot redhead drove me into a state of shock. I wanted to be her property but was too damn shy and cowardly to tell her that she already owns me.
"No...you're not. You're gonna do what I tell you, you will obey me...I will have fun moulding you into one of my toys." Melissa squeezed my groin and gently bit my earlobe making my hairs stand up straight.
Even though I am 6 ft 4" and weighed 200 lbs I was helpless against this petite woman which was 5 ft 2" and barely 110 lbs. Armed with her beauty and entrenching character she could turn me into something much lesser at any time she wished.
"Now...start taking your clothes off." She took a seat in the arm chair and let her scarlet hair down while removing her dress exposing her doll like body. The only thing she had left was a thin black collar around her neck. She had no panties or bra on. I was staring at an angel with my perverted lust. Part of me wanted to lunge at her and take my time licking and sucking her perky tits while exploring every cell in her body with my hands but I did not have her permission.
"Do I have to repeat myself? Take everything off. I am going to enjoy this much more than you will." Melissa reminded me that this is for her entertainment not mine.
"Yes goddess." It was the first time I addressed her like that but it felt so natural to me. I took off my shirt and pants leaving my boxers stretched thin as my erection was bulging and ready to go.
"Pull those down, slowly." I followed her command and dragged my boxers slowly exposing my penis an inch at a time making it bounce up and down as soon as the last bit of fabric was no longer in contact with the head.
"Do that again, I like seeing it bounce...You're lucky your on the thicker side." Melissa shamelessly pointed out why I was given the opportunity to entertain her.
I held my 7" down and let it go while squeezing my ass cheeks together making my shaft swing for some time while Melissa was rubbing her pussy lips which to me looked like heavens gates.
"Your balls looks full. Do you not empty them?" She teased me.
"I don't cum without your say so..." I told her what she wanted to hear. I used to masturbate about 5 times a day before I met her. But now it's maybe once a week, with her permission and instructions. She sends me either photos or videos of herself which I adore or porn videos she likes and wants me to watch. She had my cock, mind, heart and body wrapped around her finger.
"Get on your knees and crawl." Her commanding gentle voice took my legs away and I fell to my knees and hands moving towards her.
"Stop. I want you right there. So close you can taste me but not touch me." My face was an inch away from her juicy vagina. I could smell her soft aroma while she rubbed her beautiful swollen clit in front of my eyes. I was shaking and biting my tongue with full force.
"Tell me why you wanted me to be your fantasy." She enjoyed being worshipped unapologetically.
"The first time I saw your body I felt like my wildest imagination of a perfect woman was ripped from my dreams and crafted into reality." I never complimented Melissa, I just spoke my mind. I always told her how I felt. I would like to think that she appreciates my honesty and that's why she gave me attention. Every man would do anything to be favoured by her.
"Stick out your tongue." I did not need telling twice from her as she then slowly moved her hips up and down gliding her slit across the tip of my tongue.
"Now deeper." I gladly inserted my tongue inside her and let her magnificent taste overwhelm me. I felt how her juices wrapped my brain in a morphine like state, she was so sweet and everything about her is what I am after.
She abruptly stopped my pussy feast and looked at me with a wicked smile making my erection strain. I think it was the first time I felt slight pain from being too horny. "Swallow." I gladly did. I felt her cunt nectar fill me with happiness. She then arched her head back and laughed while grabbing my head and shoved my face between her legs riding it. She used my face like one of her toys. I had never felt so used in my life and I loved every single moment.
"I'm going to cum on your face. I'm going to get off thinking about making you my slut." I don't know if Melissa had any idea how proud I felt from giving her an orgasm.
She was in full control as her hip movement became slower but with more force each time she bucked my face between her silky legs. I heard her intoxicating moans as she climaxed. Her voice was a mixture between innocence and a woman who knew exactly what she wanted. For some reason her voice spoke to me, it made me do things I wouldn't normally do.
"Mmmmmmm you did such a good job eating me out. If you were a dog I would keep you as a house pet haha." Melissa was having a ton of fun with me.
"Now, let's make you cum shall we. Sit here next to me." I obliged her request eagerly.
Melissa grabbed my smoothly shaved balls and held them gently nudging her head giving me permission to stroke.
After jerking my cock I immediately tried grabbing her exposed stiff nipples but she instantly squeezed my testicles giving me the signal that I won't be touching her.
Her face was close to mine so I went for a kiss. She waited for my lips to come close to hers then she pulled back and giggled pulling my balls to their limit forcing me to pull back.
"Stroke it faster. I want to see that hard cock milked." Melissa became impatient prompting me to stroke harder. I was not going to last long this way. It's been a few days of edging and denial and I was so extremely turned on. It wasn't long till I shot ropes of cum. I felt my balls slip trough her grip as they contracted with full force emptying everything.
Melissa put her palms over her mouth and shortly after burst out laughing with her cute voice. I guess she liked my load until I looked at myself. I was covered in my own semen from chest to pubes. I drenched myself in my own sticky warm cum for her amusement.
"Mmmmm good boy. You did your owner proud...now go wash up." Melissa pulled back from my seed covered body as I rushed to the shower to clean myself.
I felt how my cum turned to a slippery substance when in contact with water. It took allot of soap and scrubbing to get rid of it completely. When I was done with my shower I went back to the room to Melissa for round two but she was gone. She didn't say anything but I saw there was a message on my phone saying "See you soon" with a heart icon.
To be continued.