My Boyfriend likes to expose me
or perhaps it should be called
The exhibitionist in denial
by Vanessa Evans
All characters involved in any sexual activities in this story were over 18 when the events took place.
Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts. They will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
*****
Part 27 - Some of it was my fault
======================
My Job
----
Things have been slightly different since that party at my boss's house. Nothings actually been said but I keep seeing some of the guys talking about me (they keep looking over to me as they're talking). I've now had 5 golf balls appear on my desk and I've had a few brochures from gym equipment manufacturers emailed to me. Thankfully, it hasn't affected the way anyone treats me professionally; in fact some of the guys who used to ignore me are now a lot more friendly and helpful.
As for my boss (Tim), he's a true professional. It's as if he had never seen me naked; or fucked my mouth, or pushed 4 golf balls into my pussy.
One thing that has happened was the annual salary review. I was one of the last to go into Tim's office and he asked me not to tell anyone that I had got a bigger pay rise than anyone else. When I asked him what I'd done to deserve more than the others he told me that it was because of how well I'd done in China. I wasn't so sure because I later heard Grace telling someone what percentage she'd got and it was less than mine.
I wanted to discuss it with Ryan but I couldn't because I didn't want him to know that the hypnotism at Tim's party hadn't worked and that I knew what Tim had done to me.
I really do hope that Ryan forgets about that hypnotism app that he's got on his phone.
Ryan's Job
-------
Since the Lord Mayor's Parade, Ryan's been promoted; so has Karen. Whether or not it has anything do to with the way us girl 'volunteers' were dressed or the performance of 'The English Roses' is a very debatable point.
I'm just glad that I had a few drinks reasonably quickly as soon as we got to the pub. I haven't been out drinking with Ryan's work colleagues since then, and I'm sure that it will be embarrassing when it does happen.
A Trip to London
----------
Ryan had to go to London for a 2 day training course and he got the okay from his boss to take me with him. The plan was to go down by train on the Tuesday evening, have 2 nights in the hotel then travel back home on the Thursday evening.
As soon as Ryan told me I got all excited at the thought of a couple of days shopping in central London, but Ryan put a bit of a dampener on it when he told me that he wanted me to wear a really short school girl type skirt, with nothing underneath, for all of the 2 days, except for when he took me out on the evening; for that he'd pick one of my long dresses. The other part that I wasn't at all happy about was that he said that I had to spend quite a bit of time in different Starbucks or other coffee shops flashing my pussy to lots of other customers. As you can imagine, that part didn't go down too well and at first I refused to do it.
The row that followed left me agreeing to do it providing that I could wear one of my remote controlled vibes all day, as well as having my little clit ring fully charged and the random blast mode set to frequent. That was the only way that I could imagine that I could do it and not die of embarrassment. Anyway I figured that I could go to a Starbucks and just sit there drinking my Caffè Lattes and surfing the net on my tablet. Ryan would never know that I'd kept my legs together all the time.