My husband has not shown much interest in me for quite some time now. He seems to prefer internet porn and sites like literotica, especially the loving wives and exhibitionist sections. He's also been known to click on the odd cuckold and interracial sites. What is particularly frustrating is that I've looked after myself and still have a head turning figure, I've even had the odd guy try to chat me up and charm his way into my pants recently. This was very flattering but nothing occurred, except in my mind, fantasising about what might have been. The thought of having some big cock sliding in and out of my shaved pussy as I wore my slut lingerie was prominent in my fantasies, but as yet that's all they were, fantasies!
I was becoming more and more frustrated with my husband's lack of interest that I've become somewhat of a fantasy slut. I've took to walking around the house in sexy lingerie to see if this would stir him into action, but nothing as yet. I've even went from a neat trimmed bush to a hairless smooth pussy, which he can't miss as I've been walking around the house in Stockings, Garters, a half cup bra and no panties except the odd thin see through thong. I would often hope that some Tradesman would knock on the door, just for me to open the door and show him almost naked body. I would always wear stockings, garters and quarter cup bras around the house but to no avail.
It was because of this kind of outfit that the following incident unfolded.
I was in our bedroom trying on my new white sheer stockings held up by the new high waisted garter belt accompanied by my new half cup white lace bra.
I walked from one end of the bedroom to the other to slip my feet into some stripper high heels, a walk which would take me past my bedroom window. The family next door were having a barbecue as I glided past the window. It was only briefly, but I was sure the eldest son looked up and saw me, parading around my bedroom wearing my sexy white lingerie. My stomach flipped with excitement as my pussy throbbed with sexual arousal, something she had not done in quite some time.
I placed my feet into the extremely high heels, feeling light headed, knowing I would be taller on my way back past the window, exposing my stockings and garters and possibly my bubble butt and shaved pussy, as the window sill was quite low down. I took a deep breath and slowly walked past the window, looking outside to see if he was indeed looking at me. His eyes were staring at my lingerie covered body as he smiled up at me.
Bravely I smiled back facing the window, my partially exposed nipples and hairless crack in my neighbours sons eye line. As I walked away from the window, my heart was beating furiously and my pussy was tingling and getting wet. I decided I would walk past once more.
I slowly walked past the window, making eye contact with my neighbours son. No other people were looking up at my window so I decided to give him a real show.
He smiled the most devilish smile, drinking in my lingerie covered body. I turned from the window and feigned bending over to pick up something. My bubble butt was on display as I arched my back, ensuring that the display of my ass and shaved slit would be at its best.
Teasingly I ran a finger up and down the length of my slit, shuddering with excitement at my erotic touch. Straightening up, I turned back to my neighbours son to see the cheeky bastard wave, wink and blow me a kiss. My face flushed with excitement and a little embarrassed, but I smiled back at him and blew him a saucy kiss.
I walked out of the bedroom on unsteady legs, sexually excited for the first time in an absolute age. I tottered downstairs in my outrageously high heels to find the house empty. It was Saturday and hubby would be out golfing all day and wouldn't return home until at least 8:00pm. The time was now 11:30 and I contemplated sitting at hubby's computer and surfing some porn, Play with my pussy and relieve some of the sexual tension I was experiencing.
I clicked on the computer, then went to kitchen to pour some wine. I could hear the chinking of beer bottles from next doors BBQ as I sneaked a looked outside to see that Alan, the eldest son had now removed his T-shirt revealing a strong chest and tight six pack.
My pussy tingled just looking at the fine specimen as I noticed his shorts looked like they were packing a decent bulge.
Maybe I wouldn't need the computer and could stand here rubbing my naked pussy, looking at Alan's perfect body. I ran my index finger down my slit, feeling my now drenched pussy. My excitement was almost running out of my pussy as my finger lightly grazed my clitoris. I had to hold the sink unit as an orgasm burst through me. I moaned louder than I normally would and realised that next door would probably hear it. I scampered back into the computer room, holding my wine and feeling so sexy and liberated. I plonked myself on my husbands chair, opening my legs wide and opened the internet on his computer. Clicking on his favourites, I opened xHamster and a page of videos filled the screen. The third video along was entitled "Cougar Assfucker" which I immediately clicked on.
The cougar in question was dressed identically to myself. She was watching a young guy clean her pool, with his shirt off. This stirred something inside me, due to the similarity of my morning, that I took a large gulp of my wine and began to stroke my labia as the cougar moved in for the kill. Watching the how big titted porn star make her move on the guy sparked my memory. I've really began to enjoy parading around in my sexy lingerie and have bought a fine selection. I get my hair, nails, eyelashes and eyebrows done regularly. My pussy is now waxed perfectly smooth, but still no attention from my husband. Other guys were clambering to give me attention, but my loving husband was not interested in the slightest, so much so that I recently bought an 8" life like vibrating cock complete with a set of balls for reality, whilst stocking up on my sexy lingerie. The cock had a suction cup for placing on a chair or flat surface and now seemed like the perfect time to introduce it to my pussy. I walked into the hallway and rummaged through my gym bag, pulling the plastic cock out of the bag.
I removed the packaging, placed the AA in correctly and switch the cock on to the lowest setting. Holding the phallic toy in my hand, a it vibrated with a low buzzing sound. The vibrating cock was making me even hornier. I dashed back to the computer, licking the suction cup, I placed the cock in the centre of the computer chair.
I eagerly parted my legs and positioned my shaved pussy over the tip.
I slowly began to slide my very wet and very tight pussy over the vibrating eight inches. The cock was stretching me beautifully, and the moulded veins made the cock feel very realistic. I found myself moaning sexually as the cock delved deeper inside my hungry cunt. I gently scraped my long manicured nail over my clitoris adding to my pent up lust. As my orgasm was approaching my front door bell chimed. I jumped off the vibrating cock somewhat frustrated and stormed to answer the door, forgetting I was only wearing lingerie with my tits half exposed and my throbbing shaved pussy on full view.
I opened the front door hastily to find Alan from next door standing with two bottles of beer in one hand and a plate of burgers in the other.
Smiling he looked at my sexy outfit and my exposed naked regions, enjoying the unexpected scenery he said.
"I knew your husband was out and wondered if you'd like a beer and a burger?" His grin was encouragable.
"You best bring those in" I smiled closing the door behind Alan as he entered my hallway.
Alan placed the beers and burgers down on the table in my hallway, turned to look at my exposed body and smiled the most devilish smile ever. I leant against my front door, with my shoulders resting against the door, with my left foot resting against the door. Nervously I bit my lip gently, knowing I was dressed provocatively with my tits and shaved pussy exposed to young man from next door, wondering where this was heading, when Alan took full control.
Alan pulled me toward him and said.
"I loved the view earlier but the view now is sensational!"
I pushed my shaved pussy into his clothed bulge as he lifted my chin up with his right hand and began to kiss me softly. I slipped my tongue in his mouth, tasting beer and lust, as my tongue snaked around his mouth.
Alan placed the palm of his hand over my shaved mound and began to gently stroke my slit and labia.
I moaned uncontrollably.
"Oh fuck that feels good!" I said rubbing his very impressive bulge.
Alan looked into the computer room and saw the vibrating cock, buzzing away on the computer chair.
"Your husband must be neglecting his duties if you need a plastic cock and the neighbour's son to provide sexual relief!" he grinned.
"Or maybe I just want to be fucked!" I smiled gaining the upper hand.
Alan swallowed nervously as I began to unzip his flies. Placing my hand inside his shorts, I felt a hot throbbing cock, much bigger than the eight inch plastic one that had just been inside me, and far superior in every way to my husbands.
Alan kissed me passionately as I stroked his huge hard young cock. His finger was now sliding up and down my smooth groove, separating my pussylips and easing its way inside my tight wet pussy. I moaned heavily into Alan's mouth as his tongue slid in my mouth, allowing me to tenderly nibble on his tongue seductively.
As we broke from our kiss, Alan smiled and said.
"I hope my cock is lucky enough to get the same treatment!"
I smiled salaciously and knelt before him, unfurling his huge young cock from his shorts. This was bigger and harder and so much more beautiful than my husbands. It was also the first cock other than my husbands, I'd held in more years than I can remember, and that it was this hard because of me was so flattering. My stomach butterflies were fluttering excitedly with my pussy tingling and throbbing just from holding the hard young cock. I tapped the blood engorged helmet off my cheek a few times, hearing the slap as Alan's cock bounced off my cheek. Looking Alan directly in the eye, I held his cock at the base and spat on his prominent erection. Sliding my hand up and down the shaft, lubricating the shiny boner, I then placed the tip of his cock on my tongue and slowly fed Alan's huge cock into my mouth. As his cock reached the back of my throat, I took a deep swallow and sucked his cock beyond my gag reflex. The tip of my tongue was tickling his huge hanging balls, enhancing the sensation for him as my throat wrapped tightly around his huge helmet. He began to slowly fuck my mouth, smiling down as he did so.
Alan was sexually confident and very experienced for a young man and I knew we would teach other some new tricks today and possibly in the future. His cock left the back of throat as I continued the blowjob, putting my tongue and lips to good use, bringing my teeth into the equation, gently nibbling his fleshy shaft and purple glans. He began to moan with pleasure and stroked my hair affectionately, then said.
"You're my slut now!"
I moaned with intense pleasure at him calling me his slut! I never thought it possible that words would be so arousing, but the way he said it almost made me cum!
I wanted to be his slut! At that very moment I had never been at such a state of high sexual arousal. I would have agreed to anything sexually at the moment, no matter how kinky or bizarre. He was right. I was his slut!
"Turn around while I fuck your cheating cunt doggy style!" He ordered, but still with that dazzling smile emblazoned across his face. I did as instructed and turned away from him.
My ass was high in the air with my legs parted on my knees. My back was arched, pushing my bubble butt upward and giving him a wonderful view of my shaved pussy and tight puckered rosebud. He held his large cock and rubbed his glans up and down my wet slit. His cock separated my labia as I began to moan and squirm with sexual delight, feeling his hard young cock touching my sex.
"Do you want my cock slut?" He snarled in a alpha male tone.
"Yes! Please fuck me!" I answered in my most submissive tone.
I was sexually thrilled becoming a submissive slut. Having a man want me and want me to have him, was stirring wonderful sensations in my cunt as Alan pushed his hard length inside me effortlessly. As each inch slowly filled me I panted continuously.
"Please fuck me! Please fuck me!" Until all nine inches of his young bone hard cock were deep inside me.
The searing heat of his hard cock stretching my pussy was a pain and pleasure I'd never experienced. My mind was made up, I would definitely be getting fucked off this cock in the future and plenty like it.
I'm in my hallway on my hands and knees wearing sexy lingerie while next doors eldest son is fucking my pussy, while my husband plays golf. Yes it was official, I was a cheating cock hungry cumslut and it felt comfortable wearing that tag.
I rocked my hips lustfully as Alan pushed his cock deep inside me, his huge glans banging at cervix. My orgasm was seconds away, enjoying the pleasures this young hard cock was providing when Alan took it up a level.
He pulled my ass cheeks apart, spat on my asshole, which made me shudder with delight, being used like a slut, then said.
"Once you've cum I'm going to fuck your MILF slut ass!"
My orgasm surged through me, almost violently, as my pussyjuice flooded my cunt as his huge cock fucked me mercilessly. I was sobbing with pleasure, never experiencing such an intense orgasm. This young man was taking my sexuality to places it didn't know existed, and I was thrilled to be taken there. Not an ounce of guilt was in my mind only raw pure sexual pleasure. My pleasure. Alan's pleasure.
That's all that mattered at that moment, that Alan's cock was inside me giving me a dangerously potent fucking.
As my orgasm eventually waned, I panted my contentment at the glorious fucking I'd just received. Alan took his teak hard cock from my pussy and rubbed it up the length of my shaved slit. His cock was giving my pussy tiny electric shocks of pleasure as his swollen head rubbed my pussylips. He placed his hands on my buttocks and slowly spread them open, revealing my pink tight rosebud to him. He spat directly onto my puckered ring sending shivers of sexual delight through me, making my spine tingle.
"You're gonna take this cock in your ass you dirty cheating slut!" Alan whispered dominantly.
I surrendered to his alpha male and begged him.
"Please fuck my ass! I've been naughty and I need you to fuck my ass!" I said in a husky voice subserviently.
Alan pushed the head of his cock at my puckered ring and gently slid the tip beyond my sphincter. My ass seemed to grab his cock and pull him inside me, as the head went beyond my sphincter, stretching my tightest hole delightfully.
I groaned with pain and pleasure as the searing heat of his stretching cock slid deeper inside my ass. I have never been a huge fan of anal sex, but then I'd never had a cock as wonderful as this filling my ass so perfectly.
"You love getting fucked up the ass!" Alan snarled
"I love your cock fucking my ass! It's so much bigger and harder than my husbands!" I confirmed.
"Do you want more big cocks fucking you? Would you like all of your holes filled at the same time?" Alan growled
"Oh fuck I'd love that!" I answered promptly.
"Let me know when your husband wont be here and I'll bring some of the guys around and we will gang fuck you, but you must do a striptease for us first!" Alan ordered "I'll get the guys to bring what ever lingerie they want to fuck you in!"
The thought of stripping off in front of a group of young guys, getting their cocks hard watching me strip, then taking turns to fuck me was sending me over the edge.
"Yes!" I screamed "I'm your slut and I'll do whatever you want!"
Alan began to really fuck my ass hard. Plunging his huge cock deep inside my anus quite forcefully, sending indescribable pleasure through my body.
"I'll leave you my cell phone number and you can text me when your husband will be out next, and me and the guys will come round and fuck your cheating slut holes!" He said, making me squirm with delight at the ass fucking and his verbal onslaught
"You can also take a few pics of yourself showing your asshole and pussy so I can show the guys what they're getting! You'll also need to send me your sizes so the guys can get the right fit for your slut outfits!"
The thought of this sent me right over the edge as a strong orgasm surged through me, causing my legs to shake and my whole body to quiver.
Alan slammed his cock deep in my ass one last time and a huge deluge of hot creamy young spunk, splashed my anal walls
Spurt after spurt of spicy young spunk flooded my asshole as another orgasm surged through me.
I was panting furiously repeating the phrase "Oh fuck that's good!"
Alan spread my ass cheeks as his cock slid out of my well fucked ass with some of his load landing on my hallway floor. He stood up looking down at my fucked pussy and gaping asshole, smiling proudly and said.
"Don't forget the pics and the text!" He said with great authority "And make sure some of the pics have that plastic cock in your pussy and up your ass!" Pointing to the plastic cock sitting on the computer chair.
It would appear that I have some photographs to take care of this afternoon.
He smiled as he headed toward the door.
"Enjoy your beer and burgers, start practicing your striptease and lap dancing routine and don't let your husband near that pussy and ass. They're mine now!" He laughed as he walked out of my door.
How right he was!
Slut: And so it begins Part 2
I was kneeling on my hardwood hallway floor, spunk dripping out of my just fucked ass. My legs shaking and my pussy trembling with sexual contentment.
Alan from next door had just opened Pandora's box.
For the first time in an absolute age, I felt sexually satisfied. My hunger for more was growing within me.
My husbands neglect of his sexual duties had brought this to a head that here I was a lingerie clad fuck slut for the young guy next door. He had skillfully played me like a virtuoso violinist would play a Stradivarius. Alan instructed me that I would be doing a striptease for him and some of his friends and they would all bring along lingerie for me to dress in while they all fucked all of my holes.
Two sexual fantasies would be fulfilled in one outing. I've often masturbated that I was the center of attention being a striptease dancer, revealing my body to my audience, knowing they were all sporting erections due to my movements and my body.
I'd also spent many a time with a vibrator in my pussy whilst a finger deftly moved in and out of my ass, fantasizing that a group of well hung guys were gangbanging me. Using me like a cumslut, purely for their pleasure which ultimately would be my pleasure. The speed at which all of this occurred made me feel extra slutty. I'd walked past my bedroom window revealing my sexy lingerie clad body to my young next door neighbour and less than thirty minutes later he was emptying a substantial load of hot spicy young cum into my ass. Before he left he gave me some strict instructions which pushed all the right buttons for me as a new fuck slut.
I was to take a few pics of the plastic cock in my pussy and ass then send them to Alan so he could show his friends the slut they would be fucking. He also told me to send him dimensional details of my figure, which I would provide when I sent the pictures.
I'm not sure he believed I would fulfil his request, but I so wanted to be a cumslut for him and his friends that I decided I would willingly obey.
I climbed off the floor unsteadily and tottered on my glass high heels in to the computer room. The plastic cock was still suction cupped to the chair as I scooped a little of Alan's spunk from my gaping ass and smeared the dollop on the plastic cock. Picking up my iPhone, I set it to camera and positioned myself at the plastic cock with my tongue on the cock, licking Alan's cum off the toy. I clicked away snapping pics of my tongue and lips on the cock and eventually my mouth shrouding the phallic replacement.
Next I spread my legs revealing my shaved pussy and clicked a few images. Placing the cock at my pussy I slowly eased down on the cock, taking photos as the cock buried itself inside me. This was arousing me deliciously as I eased off the cock and placed the tip to my asshole. The spunk in my asshole slid over the cock, making the perfect spunk lubricant as it smoothed a path for the eight inch life like cock.
I clicked a few snaps of the cock on the way in, then found the entire length embedded in my asshole. I was experiencing as much pleasure from anal penetration as I would from vaginal penetration. Having two cocks double penetrating me was something I was now desperately looking forward to!
With cock vibrating in my ass, I began to write the following text.
"Here are photos and clothes sizes you requested. Looking forward to stripping for you and your friends the being fucked in every hole by all of you x"
Attaching the photos I pressed send then stroked my clitoris to orgasm as my plastic cock satisfied my new found lust for anal pleasure. For the first time in my life a gush of female ejaculate burst from my pussy, shocking and surprising me with the severe pleasure this was providing.
My phone pinged telling me I had a new message. Opening the text I saw it was from Alan.
"Great pics babe. I will be round in thirty minutes to fuck you again. Change in to some sexy black underwear!"
The rush of sexual excitement had my pussy and ass tingling at the prospect of Alan's magnificent cock. I squirmed on the plastic cock, moaning loudly.
"Fuck me Alan!" I uttered as another orgasm surged through me. As my panting dissipated, I climbed off the plastic cock, unhooking my stockings from my garter straps and headed upstairs for a quick shower and change.
Drying myself with a huge warm towel, my skin felt alive and tingling. Smoothing coconut oil into my skin, I looked at my shiny naked reflection, proud at how I looked and feeling very sexy that my body would arouse a young stud like Alan.
I began to select my black fuck me outfit for Alan's pleasure.
I placed on the bed a soft pvc looking garter belt with six straps. I pulled my matching quarter cup pvc bra with a pair of black sheer seamed stockings to complete my lingerie. I chose not to wear any panties or a thong as he'd fucked my ass earlier and seemed pointless hiding my shaved mound under any garments.
Placing the lingerie on my body, I walked over to my wardrobe and picked a pair of soft black leather thigh length boots with a five inch spiked heel. I wanted Alan to know that I was his kinky little slut, so the boots and lingerie seemed appropriate. Zipping the boots into place I looked in the mirror and almost orgasmed at the cumslut look reflecting back at me. I half turned in the mirror admiring my just fucked bubble butt ass and the way the lingerie and boots made me look such a dirty whore.
I walked past my bedroom window to go downstairs and wait for Alan to come and fuck me. As I paraded past the window, I saw Alan, sitting in his garden, staring up at me with a huge grin plastered across his face.
I smiled back at him, stroking my erect right nipple as I did so.
Alan nodded at me approvingly and stood up from his seat, then headed inside his house. He was coming round to fuck me now!
I headed downstairs to greet him, but before his arrival I decided to give the plastic cock a quick clean.
Picking up the cock I rushed into the downstairs toilet and gave the cock a quick rinse in the small wash basin. My doorbell rang as I went to open the door decked out like a cumslut in slutty sexy black lingerie with an eight inch plastic cock in my hand.
"Are you coming in to fuck me?" I smiled, waving the eight inch plastic cock close to my hairless pussy.
"Too fucking right I am. This time I think we'll give your pussy lots of attention!" He stated in an authoritative tone.
"I hope my mouth and ass also get some of attention from your big hard cock!" I replied as his willing slut.
"Let's go to your bedroom. I want to own your pussy and ass in your husbands bed!" he smiled stroking my erect nipples.
The thought of being fucked in my marital bed by someone other than my husband was a huge turn on.
The butterflies in my stomach were bouncing around inside me, matching the electric tingling sensations my pussy and ass were experiencing.
"Oh yes! Fuck this cheating slut in the bed where her husband fucked her!" I said almost salivating with lust.
"You can walk up the stairs with that plastic cock wedged in your tight cunt!" Alan snarled, again making my stomach flip with sexual desire.
I knelt on the stairs with my stocking and thigh length booted legs wide apart. Holding my ass cheeks, I spread them as far apart as was possible revealing my wet shaved slit and puckered asshole.
"You stick in me!" I pleaded turning my face back toward him, both my eyes and voice imploring him to use me as his cumslut.
Alan moved the head of the plastic cock between my spread legs, gently dipping the head into my ass then sliding the sex toy down my crack and inside my tight hungry pussy.
I gently nibbled on my bottom lip as a long sexual moan exhaled from mouth.
"Oh fuck that feels good!" I groaned squirming on the eight inch cock, buried in my pussy up to the realistic balls. I gripped the cock with my pussy walls and began to walk up the stairs with the cock sticking out of my stretched hole.
Alan walked behind me, enjoying the view of his slut with a cock buried deep inside her.
My ass swayed as I climbed each step, my pussy gripping the cock, as my thigh length bots swished with each movement.
"Get some of those long gloves!" Alan ordered "I want my slut to look the part of a dirty cheating cumslut whore!"
His words aroused me. It was obvious I had a latent subservient and exhibitionist streak.
I was enthralled being treat this way. If only my husband had done this I wouldn't be climbing up my stairs, heading to my bedroom for my second fucking from Alan's cock.
I was excited to be wanted sexually by a hard young cock. The boundaries had been pushed back now and my future was destined to be a cumslut for hard cocks.
As we reached the top of the stairs Alan told me kneel down on all fours. The plastic cock was still embedded in my pussy as I shuddered with delight at the stretching the cock was providing. Alan slid the cock out of my pussy and placed the pussy soaked sex toy straight up my ass.
My breath left my body in one long moan as the cock filled my anal cavity. Alan turned the vibrator on and watched as I squirmed with the large cock in my ass oscillating deliciously.
"I'll fuck your cheating slut pussy while that cock is up your ass! It will get you used to having more than one cock inside you simultaneously!" He smiled "Now crawl to your marital bed where I will defile your husbands wife! Make sure the cock stays up your ass!"
"Oh yes please!" I pleaded "Fuck me and make me your slut!" I panted obediently.
I crawled along the landing floor, into my bedroom, finally resting my head and tits on the bed.
Alan had removed his shorts and t-shirt revealing his young buff body. His huge hard cock was protruding from groin, throbbing and pulsing, waiting to slide inside me.
Alan lay on the bed and said.
"Climb up here and slide your whore pussy on my cock!"
Being a subservient slut was my ultimate sexual activity and I shook with unbridled lust, burning for his cock to be inside me. I straddled his thighs, holding the cock in my ass in place as I positioned my wet tight pussy over the tip of rampant young cock.
His cock slid inside me, causing me to moan and squirm as I began to ride his cock. The vibrations from the sex toy in my ass were pulsing the thin wall between my pussy and ass, causing Alan's cock to vibrate also. This was such a horny sensation and one I'd never experienced before. I could feel an orgasm begin its impulsive journey between my ass and pussy as the real cock and fake cock pleasured like I never thought possible. Alan squeezed my tits harshly which only added to exquisite experience. His thumb and forefinger began to twist my nipples forcefully as my orgasm burst through me, panting deliriously as a surprising gush of female ejaculate burst from my pussy.
I panted and sobbed my way through my orgasm, feeling sensations new to me as the young cock took me to orgasmic heights I never thought existed. The orgasm continued and broke up into segments as the orgasm became multi.
I felt as though I was about to faint with sexual pleasure, riding Alan's cock and screaming almost.
"Fuck me! I'm your cumslut!"
Alan smirked looking at the orgasmic expressions twisting my face.
"I'm going to come in your mouth and you wont brush your teeth so when your husband comes home he will taste my cock and spunk on your lips and breath!" He smiled delighted with himself.
"Oh fuck yeah! Give me your hot spunk and let me swallow all of your seed!" I pleaded.
"You're such a dirty cheating cumslut!" Alan snarled as I rode his cock.
"I'm your dirty cheating cumslut!" I panted "Fuck me and give me your spunk!"
I could feel Alan's cock twitch as he growled.
"I'm going to come Slut! Suck the spunk out of my cock!" He demanded.
I jumped off his cock with the sex toy still in my ass, kneeling at his right hand side with my legs splayed wide open. My lips slid over his beautiful cock as the first bursting spurt hit the back of my throat. Spurt after glorious spurt hit the back of my throat as my tongue snaked around his exploding cock. I maintained eye contact throughout, watching Alan's face as he emptied inside my mouth.
Alan smiled a contented smile as he ordered.
"Swallow all of my load for your limp dicked husband to taste later!"
I groaned with his deflating cock in my mouth. Alan's cock slid out of my mouth bring a little residue of white creamy young seed.
"Lick my cock and balls clean!" He ordered.
As a new obedient slut I carried out his wishes to the letter of the law.
"When your husband is next out, throw on some slut lingerie then text me to come round and fuck you!" He said "And next time you can tongue my ass!"
Alan climbed off the bed, putting his shorts and t-shirt back on. Looking down me laying on the bed sexually contented he said.
"You're a beautiful woman, but you're a much better dirty cheating cumslut whore!"
He turned on his heels and walked down the stairs and out of my house, with his youthful swagger bounding from my home like a strutting peacock.
I squirmed with sexually ecstasy at his arrogance and choice of words, putting this subservient slut firmly in her place. At last a real man to use me for his sexual pleasure!
I was officially his cum swallowing cheating cock whore!