Forced to skip her Economics class to rendezvous with Ryan at 2:40 in the boys locker room, Monica cautiously made her way downstairs from the gym. While the girls locker room was just down the hall she stopped in front of the Boy's arena. Faltering to look about nervously she waited until Ryan and Holden stepped out of the room in their gym attire.
"About time. Coach Randall is in his office. Let's sneak you past him and get this dare moving along." Ryan coaxed waving her in.
A swift entry Holden and Ryan lead her into the locker room where she heard showers spraying. Her eyes bulged as she noted over ten boys showering naked. Another twelve were getting undressed and preparing to enter the steam. All eyes were on her with curious anticipation.
Luckily Jerry Randall was on his cell in his office distracted. The passing was easy. Once around a corner of lockers Ryan hissed, "I dare you to get naked and shower with the guys."
"Just shower?" Everyone Eighteen?" She unbuttons her shirt hesitantly removing it.
Ryan rolls his eyes, "Stop questioning me. I planned for this already. Got the younger guys out with a little help. You're good."
The boys stopped in their tracks to watch her. Dicks were rising all around her forcing her to hesitate and take notice. Some young men were shy while others wagged their cocks to taunt her.
"Let them soap you up. You soap them up."
"I can do that."
Her spandex pants departed her bare feet, sandals kicked off as they had talked. Once naked she flutters her hands nervously then shuffled into the shower room. Once inside she hides behind a wall to avoid Randall's field of view should he look out.
Holden sheds his uniform and ducks in with her to get her started. He pulls her close and gets her wet beneath a cascade of hot water. She sighs as he soaps her chest and shoulders.
With a little coaxing two other boys joined in to suds her up. Fingers rub at her ass and slide over her labia. She exhales loudly as fingers locate her pussy and slip inside. Once Holden steps aside she is overwhelmed by boys wanting in on the bathing. Her hands soaped up she shares the sensations of erotic touching. Her hands slickly groping cocks and balls.
Her mind was racing as six boys ravaged her at once. More shrouding them in wait.
Ryan finally enters and moves around to get closer to her.
"Having fun yet?"
She sighs heavily, "Yes."
"How about you guys?"
"Hell yeah!" was the consensus.
Snapping his fingers to keep her attention Ryan grins, " I dare you to kneel with your mouth wide and let every guy here put their dick in your mouth. Nothing rough just a sample feel Fellas." He encourages.
Monica hesitates then eases down in front of her gathered suitors. Once in position she opens her mouth wide and looks up at them. Ryan takes first stab to show them what he expected. He enters her jaw and stuffs his cock in as far as it could go but quickly vacated.
Stepping aside boy after boy followed each other until she had nurtured sixteen cocks. By the time Holden had his chance she became so aroused that she clamped her lips around Holden and had to suck his cock. The other boys grew envious.
Within minutes Holden nuts into her mouth and observes her swallow his cum. She then pulled another boy close and offered him the same intentional tenderness. More dicks followed, more cum swallowed. At eight dicks she loses steam. The showers grew cold and the class was nearly over.
A loud masculine voice blares, "Get it together you slackers."
All eyes in the shower freeze at his bellow. Behind the herd of boys Monica remained crouched just out of sight. They knew they were running out of time. As Randall returned to his office Ryan helped Monica to her feet.
"I dare you to step out of the shower and stay naked while everyone gets dressed. Lay on a bench and play with yourself."
She follows Ryan and the boys out into the room and boldly sprawls out on the bench between boys and begins rubbing her clit. They watch her as they dry off and get dressed. During their watch she begins whimpering. Her pussy ached at the stimulation. As she trembled guys took steps to make things even more difficult. Fingers dip into her pussy and probe about. Other fingers taunt her anal cavity.
Finally the boys stop teasing her and head out. Leaving her to Ryan and Holden.
"Stop playing. Get dressed. Let's clear out before Randall catches you." Ryan whispers.
"I don't want to. I need to finish." She continues.
As her breathing increased into light moans the two boys look at each other for mental advice. Neither knew what to do. As the bell rang a new brood of students piled in to the locker room to get dressed. Covering their eyes Ryan and Holden didn't know what might happen. This batch of guys had no idea what was going on.
Luckily Justin Wiley from Morrison's class was there to help the two control the students and relocate the younger guys. After seeing Monica with her legs up and toes curled down at her brewing orgasm Justin quickly got everyone's attention and made them talk louder about anything as they got undressed to change into their gym clothing. Their voices carrying kept her moans disguised.
Randall luckily stepped out and headed up to the gym to get ready for this class to start. Upon noticing him leave the class halts their vocal rescue to merely watch her play.
Ryan fist bumps Justin as a thanks for the save.
"You guys are insane. I love it." Justin nods as he pulls his trunks up.
A number of boys knew about her hijinks but hadn't had the chance to see it first hand. They wanted more from her. A short but stocky black boy stepped up to Ryan with a cheesy grin.
"Fuckin' "A" Quiniones. You have this bitch trained."
Ryan sneered at him, "She's not a bitch. I don't own her."
Watching Monica's face turn red under the strain she pleads toward Ryan with an expression of need.
"More?" Ryan asks her as she nods frantically.
"This is your lucky day "Darius". You want in on this?"
"Hell yeah." The young man smirks with a confident swagger.
"Drop those shorts and feed that pussy. Twelve pumps then pull out. Just enough to finish her off."
Grinning at his surrounding posse he lowers his shorts and jock strap to reveal an eight point five cock. Crouching just enough to line up under her fingers ravaging her clit he presses forward to penetrate. Once all the way in Darius glares about smugly, "Ohhhhh hell! This pussy is white hot."
He thrusts in and out to a whispered chant of twelve times. Each thrust forced Monica to trickle around his girth. Her moans concealed by a bit lower lip and a frozen stare into the eyes of Darius. As soon as twelve struck she lets out a blood curdling scream and squirts everywhere.
Every man there admired her mess as Darius pulled out and stood triumphant. He quickly pulled his clothing back up and pranced among the others with a round of ego.
Monica dropped her legs limply and had to regain her sanity. As she did Justin nudged the others to head up to the gymnasium before Randall came looking for his class.
With a concerned pat to Monica's heaving belly Justin nodded to Ryan his respect and took his leave.
"That was hot Monica." Holden hisses.
"You cool with me letting Darius fuck you?" Ryan worried.
She slowly sits up and flutters her hands about to regain circulation. Eying Ryan with a pouty gaze she gently nods. He could tell she was losing her will to just be a visual exhibitionist. There was something new inside her.
"You're becoming a nympho aren't you?" Ryan shakes his head with realization.
"Isn't that what you truly wanted from me Ryan? Every time you pushed me."
He didn't know what to say.
Holden cleared his throat, "Can we talk about this where it's safe? Like your car after school."
Ryan nods and offers her, her clothing.
"Not yet. I need another shower." She rises and shuffles back into the shower room to cleanse her flesh.
Holden uses a towel awkwardly to clean up her mess.
"Dude! She's every guys dream. We own this." Holden snaps audibly.
Ryan in turn scowls, "I know. Feels wrong though."
"IT'S NOT WRONG!!" They hear Monica loudly from the shower.
The two boys step into her line of sight to see her stunning body bearing beads of water. Her eyes haunted by her gaze. She looked into their soul.
"You heard us huh?" Ryan sighed.
"Please don't feel badly. I'm doing this because I want to. Push me because you want to. We're a team aren't we?" She pouts.
"Yeah. We are." grunts Holden smugly.
Ryan puckers, "If you want pushed over the edge like you say you do, then maybe you need to admit that I DO own you."
Impressed Monica shyly smiles, "As you wish My Master."
Ryan squints his eyes at her comment. He studied her face for a hint that she was pranking him. Finally, he smirks dryly.
"Whatever I say. When I say it. No matter what I make you do. No hesitation whatsoever. Defy me and I'm done with this and you. Am I clear?"
She nibbles her bottom lip and gently nods her compliance.
"You're so cute when you get forceful."
Ryan turns his back and grabs her a towel tossing it at her.
"Dry off and get dressed. Meet us after school at my car."
"Yes Master." She giggles playfully.
He motioned Holden to follow him out. She was now alone in the locker room.
After drying off she holds the towel over her mouth letting it dangle. Shock finally hits home. With eyes bulging and pulse racing she shivers.
"What have I done?"