Table of Contents:1. Snowman2. Eggnog3. Gingerbread4. Holiday Dinner5. Stockings6. Stocking Stuffers7. Tobogganing8. A Red Bow9. Glass of Milk10: Inviting a Guest11: Christmas Party12: A Ring
Day 1: Snowman
Kendra arrived home flustered and exhausted after a long, snowy December day at the office. She loved her job – she worked as a high-powered financial consultant – but it wasn't the most romantic job in the world. This time of the year, she just wanted to stay home in bed, or in an oversized comforter by the fireplace with her also rather oversized boyfriend Taylor. Taylor was a jazz musician, so he was free most days, and it was a daily challenge for Kendra to leave his very muscular, tousled-hair, warmth in the mornings.
Kendra walked in the door, dropped her briefcase, and sighed. She was about to flop into the nearest chair when she noticed a red envelope sitting conspicuously on the coffee table. She leaned over and picked it up. "KENDRA XOXO," it said it sprawling black letters that she recognized as Taylor's. Intrigued, she opened the envelope. Inside was a green note: "On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me... come out to the back." Kendra laughed, suddenly no longer tired. What game did Taylor have up his sleeve?
Kendra pulled her jacket back on (it fit tightly over her voluptuous chest, and she was pleased each time she wore it at how the buttons stretched nicely to stay closed.) She went around to the back door, out to an empty backyard lot they shared with three other houses. It had been snowing nonstop for the past two weeks, and by this time there was a decent layer of snow on the ground.
Kendra giggled: in the middle of the backyard was a large snowman, dressed in Taylor's coat, hat and shoes. It wasn't quite the romantic gesture she had expected from her sultry boyfriend, but it was cute. She walked over and noticed that Taylor's shirt, pants, and boxers were also stuck haphazardly onto the snowman, trying to make it look like he was wearing them.
Taylor's deep voice suddenly came from behind her. "If he's wearing my clothes, then I'm wearing..." Large, cold hands pressed their way into Kendra's jacket, rubbing her warm stomach.
"Nothing!!" she squealed, turning around to find a naked Taylor standing with arms wide open. "Taylor you're – mmm your shoulders – but you're naked! Our neighbors could come out here at any second."
"Oh?" he murmured, fitting his head into her neck. "But I have to give you your first present. I have twelve presents to give you, in twelve days. We're on a tight schedule... We'll just have to ignore the neighbors." Taylor's breath tickled Kendra's ear, and he slowly unwound her scarf, giving him more access to her neck, and he nibbled further down as layer by layer of material came off.
"So what's my present?" Kendra spun around, and couldn't help but run her hands down Taylor's muscular chest, stopping just before where his miraculously erect penis bobbed in the frigid air.
"A snowman," Taylor grinned. "Don't you like him? He took me all afternoon to make. Now let me show you how much fun a snowman can be..." He grabbed Kendra around the waist and pulled her down and into a sleeping bag he had set up behind the snowman.
"Eee!" she squealed, but her yelps quickly turned into sighs when Taylor began unbuttoning her clothes. She glanced around at the neighboring houses with nervousness, but Taylor's hands ventured down into her pants and she realized she didn't care if anyone saw them.
They were bundled up together, naked inside the sleeping bag, in the midst of snowdrifts and icicle-covered houses. Kendra felt Taylor's erection pushing hard into her stomach. He smelled so good – like gingerbread and minty toothpaste – and she gazed into his eyes as she leaned forward to kiss him. Their lips met, warm and soft under their chilled noses.
"You taste so good," she murmured, and captured his bottom lip in hers, sucking gently. She breathed softly on his cold cheek, and moved her lips over to his ear, the place she knew would drive him crazy. She sucked on his earlobe, gently teasing the sensitive skin with her teeth, and then flicked her tongue back and forth.
"Ohh," Taylor moaned. "You know what that does to me?" he growled, flipping them over in the sleeping bag and pinning Kendra underneath him. Something came undone inside him: he hungrily kissed her face all over, pulling her head back by the hair so she could do nothing but receive his mouth, wherever he wanted to put it. He bit her jaw, hard, then soothed the pain with his tongue. He sucked on her neck, slowly sliding down her body so that she knew she would have a long bruise running down her neck the next day. Kendra had an important meeting the next day, but Taylor's warm tongue and cold nose moving down her neck to her chest made her forget anything except the feel of his naked body against hers.
Taylor grabbed Kendra's hands, locking fingers with her and kissing the backs of her hands gently before roughly pushing her arms above her head and pinning them to the ground. She shrieked – he was pinning her arms back into the freezing cold snow, while he moved down to lavish his burning hot tongue on her breasts. Kendra's fingers began to tingle with feelings of frostbite, while Taylor's huge chest heaving above her emanated warmth.
Taylor kissed a wide circle around each of Kendra's nipples, a process that took a long time considering the ample size of her breasts. He enjoyed teasing her while his strong arms pinned her down – she was a fit and athletic woman, but he was so much larger than her, there was no way she could wriggle out of his grasp.
"Taylor," she moaned, bucking her hips up against him when he neared her nipple on one of his circles.
"Yes, Kendra?" he hid his grin by burying his head between her breasts. "Do you want something, dear?"
"I – oh – Taylor, I want you to – to kiss me," she panted.
"But I am kissing you, Kendra." To prove his point, Taylor kissed her some more, sucking on the perfectly round sides of her breasts, licking the place where they met her ribcage.
"I want you to kiss me – on my nipples," she said, embarrassed, and trying in vain to wriggle her arms out of his grasp.
Taylor smiled at her, and bent down to kiss her chastely on each nipple.
"Nooo," Kendra moaned. "I want you to use your tongue. I want you to suck my nipples hard, and lick them over and over..." Taylor happily obliged this request. He sucked her nipples into his mouth, making them harder than he had ever felt them. He flicked his tongue against them and licked in tight circles, softly and then harder, so that Kendra wriggled and thrust her hips against him involuntarily.
She captured one of his legs in between hers, and Taylor could feel how wet and incredibly aroused she was even against his thigh. He loved when Kendra became wet more than anything in the world, and he especially loved when it was him who made her this way. He couldn't help but bring one of his hands down to touch her there – but Kendra was quicker. Now that her arm was free from where Taylor had been pinning it into the snow outside their sleeping bag, she quickly brought it down and grabbed his erection.
Taylor gasped – her hand was so cold! "Kendra," he exclaimed, shocked at how her cold fingers felt against his hot penis. She giggled, and caressed him softly while he squirmed, falling from where he had been holding himself up on top of her to lie beside her. She bent down to kiss his nipple, and strengthened her strokes on his member, bringing her other freezing hand down to cup his ass. "Ohh," he moaned, in a combination of burning pleasure and icy pain.
Kendra brought both hands to stroke his cock – it was so big that even when she used two hands, she couldn't cover its whole length. She rubbed her thumb over the head, smearing pre-cum around so that her hands slid smoother up and down, and his cock twitched violently in her hands. She rolled it slightly between her fingers, and kneaded it like a very hard, very hot loaf of bread. Taylor loved when she touched him like this – although some of his friends believed they were better off touching themselves than getting a hand job from a woman, he loved the feelings it gave him when Kendra's small fingers encircled his penis.
Taylor reached up and grabbed a handful of snow from the body of the snowman he had built. "Alright baby," he growled, "Here we go. Here's your present." He suddenly moved on top of Kendra, and shoved the entire handful of snow up into her cunt, pushing his whole hand in after, finger by finger, making sure the snow was pressed all the way up inside of her. Kendra screamed, and a neighbor's dog barked in the distance. Taylor immediately thrust his cock into Kendra's snow-filled pussy, sliding his huge member in all the way with one stroke.
Kendra's body went limp: one moment she was feeling more needy with desire than she had ever felt, and the next she was stuffed more full than she had ever been. The hot and cold sensations were too much for her: the snow inside her center sent shivers up and down her limbs, so that her fingers and toes twitched as they clutched at Taylor's body. It seemed to freeze her insides, make her completely numb with lust, so that when Taylor thrust his dick into her, it felt like a burning spear cutting through her, melting and awakening her to life.
Taylor had to pause himself to catch his breath: the feeling was so much better than he had fantasized. He sunk down into Kendra's arms, breathing heavily. The length of his shaft was completely enclosed by Kendra's burning hot, deliciously moist pussy walls, while the head of his penis was stuck in the ice cube at her very center. He clutched at Kendra's hands with his, and stared into her eyes, needing to center himself with her gaze so that he didn't lose complete control. Slowly, he pulled his cock all the way out of her, a motion that made her pussy suck at him, trying to pull him back in. Kendra moaned as the head of his penis popped out of her.
Taylor repositioned himself and thrust back into her, again moving all the way inside in one fluid motion. It usually took him several minutes to work his way inside her when having sex with Kendra; his penis was so large that she had to slowly get used to his size inside her before she let him hump away. But today, Kendra was practically cumming in his arms as he began to fuck her.
Kendra clutched at Taylor's shoulders, holding on for dear life as he began to pump her, faster and faster, harder and harder. The snow inside her began to shift down in her cunt, making her whole pussy tingle with the frosty sensation. But the cold shivers were replaced with Taylor's hot, hard cock spearing her over and over.
"Uhhhhhhhh," was all Kendra could say, and then "Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh," as Taylor rocked her in a fierce, fast rhythm. "Ahh!!" she yelped, her voice cracking with lust as Taylor bit her shoulder. The couple heard a car pull into the neighbor's driveway, and kissed each other to muffle their moans.
Suddenly, Taylor thrust all the way into Kendra, and wrapped his arms around her. "What are you doing?" she gasped as he scooped her up in his arms, his cock remaining buried to the hilt. He didn't answer, but moved her to stand up, keeping the sleeping bag covering both of them, and pushed her against the snowman.
"Here, hold this," Taylor pushed the edge of the sleeping bag from behind his shoulders into Kendra's hands, so that she was holding up the material covering both of them while his hands were free to roam her body. He pinched her ass, then pushed her roughly into the snowman. The snowman began to crumble slightly, but the snow packed around Kendra's form, enclosing her in a vertical bed of snow exactly shaped to her body so that she could only stand there, suspended in the column of snow, while Taylor slammed against her.
Taylor pumped his cock into Kendra's dripping pussy – dripping her own juices of arousal, and the rapidly melting snow he had earlier shoved inside her. The snow was still cold as it landed in drops on Kendra's feet inside the sleeping bag. "Ohh," she moaned as Taylor pumped her, maintaining a breakneck speed. She felt helplessly impaled by him, embedded in the wall of snow, pinned up there by her lover. She felt the tingling deep in her center, where the bulging head of Taylor's cock had forcefully melted the block of ice inside her, and knew she was about to lose total control not only of her body but of her sensations.
"Taylor," she tried to warn him, but couldn't manage to articulate anything else.
"Oh Kendra, oh baby, oh baby, oh baby," Taylor chanted on each thrust. With one hand, he cupped and twisted her breast, and with the other, he reached down to touch her clitoris.
"Aiiiiiiiii!" Kendra threw her head back, letting her orgasm wash over her. Taylor watched her cum with eyes drooping from lust, timing his own climax to begin exactly as hers ended. As she strained to catch her breath, Taylor allowed himself to cum, pushing up inside her so deeply that his balls bounced up and slammed against her anus. As he had planned, the burning hot stream of cum he sent into Kendra's body triggered her orgasm, extending it for another impossible minute of pleasure. The spasms racked her body so hard she thought she was going to faint – she only had the composure to stand one orgasm, not two in a row.
Finally, the couple collapsed in a pile on top of the broken snowman. They sighed together, and Kendra giggled, "I think I broke your present."
"Mmm, it's okay sweetheart," Taylor gently kissed Kendra on the lips. "I've got eleven more in store for you."
Day 2: Egg Nog
Kendra came home from work again flustered, but this time not from the office, but from anticipation of Taylor's next gift. She noisily set her things down and loudly closed the closet door after putting away her coat so that Taylor would notice she was home, and the games could begin. But no one appeared. Kendra poked her head in the kitchen, the living room, Taylor's practice room, even the bathroom, but her boyfriend was nowhere to be found. She paused, pouting – but then she heard soft jazz coming from the bedroom.
Kendra sauntered into the dimly lit bedroom. "So traditional," she commented, flushing from the view that appeared in front of her. Taylor was lying relaxed on the bed reading a magazine, amidst an artfully scattered array of rose petals, glowing candles, and a pair of wine glasses.
"Hello darling," he greeted her. "How was your day?"
"I couldn't stop thinking about you," Kendra murmured, coming over and running her hands through Taylor's adorably rumpled hair. "And about yesterday. And, I had to wear this hideous scarf to cover this..." Kendra unwrapped a lacy black scarf to reveal her bruise-spotted neck and shoulders.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Taylor grinned. "Those look painful. What happened?"
Kendra giggled and settled down on the bed, spooning her body into Taylor's and running her hands down his stomach. "Oh, I had a little accident outside. In the snow. You know, with a snowman."
Taylor leaned into her and kissed her softly on the lips. Today was all about tenderness and soft touches, Kendra could already tell, not like yesterday's wrestling match in the confines of their sleeping bag. "Wine?" she asked, moving to pour the contents of the bottle on the nightstand into their glasses.
"Yes please," said Taylor, "but it's not wine. It's egg nog."
"Really?" asked Kendra. She examined the bottle – it was an empty bottle of rum.
"I made spiked egg nog, I hope that's okay?" Taylor raised his eyebrow as he walked across the room to get the pitcher of egg nog from the desk and fill their glasses.
Kendra smiled, and tasted hers. "Mmm, so creamy," she murmured. She stuck a finger into her glass and seductively licked it clean in as Taylor watched with his mouth hanging open.
"Do you like your present?" he asked her huskily.
Kendra gazed up at him. "Mmm, very much," she said. "Egg nog is definitely a good Christmas gift." Kendra took a large gulp of her drink, leaving a white mustache on her upper lip. She deliberately left it there, and Taylor responded accordingly, taking her in his arms before he sucked the sweet liquid from her lips.
"Finish your drink," he suggested, as he finished his own.
Kendra could already feel herself becoming lightheaded from the alcoholic drink. "What's in this thing?" she slurred lightly.
"Mmm, are you feeling it?" Taylor asked, clumsily pouring her some more.
"I'm feeling you," Kendra giggled, journeying her hand into Taylor's pants.
"Hey! Not yet," he grinned. "First I'm going to take advantage of you."
"Oooh," Kendra said, struggling to focus as Taylor moved their glasses to the table and began to strip her of her clothing. "Excuse me, mister," she mumbled. Taylor grinned and began to strip her faster, ripping her shirt as he tried to undo the buttons.
Finally, she lay naked in front of him. Taylor caressed her cheek, and then forced his finger into Kendra's mouth. "Ggmmm," she moaned, sucking his finger, and twirling her tongue around it. She grabbed his wrist and began pumping his hand in and out of her mouth, miming what she imagined doing to her cock.
Taylor swallowed, trying to regain his composure – and his control of the situation. He loved taking control of Kendra in bed, but sometimes it was hard because she could completely undo him simply by kissing his body. He pulled his hand from her, and dragged his wet fingers across her nipples. Kendra squirmed, reaching up to touch her own nipples too. She left her hands there, pinching her breasts and licking her lips as Taylor's hand moved farther down.
He walked his fingers around her stomach, and twirled them in her pubic hair. He tugged on the hair lightly, pulling her hips upward, and moved his other hand underneath her to cup her shapely ass. He wanted to hear her moan, to hear her call his name. He wanted to know that he was the only thing she could think about, he wanted to be her world, to introduce her to sensation and feeling. He wanted to fill her up, to explode inside of her, to push his whole body into her sweet, dark hole.
Taylor pressed one finger inside her tiny pussy, gently feeling around and pushing against her impossibly soft walls. "Oh Taylor," Kendra breathed. Taylor added another finger, and then a third. He hooked his fingers around to fondle her G-spot, and Kendra jumped. "Hey!" she exclaimed. "What are you doing?"
"What does it feel like?" Taylor asked, genuinely curious. He could only imagine wanting to enter into his lover, to pump and spear her – he couldn't imagine how it felt for her to need his hardness to fill the emptiness of her body like the missing piece of a puzzle.
"When you touch me there, I can feel myself getting wetter and wetter, getting my pussy lubricated, making my body ready for you. It feels like a small lightning bolt that slowly grows as you rub my clit, into an emptiness that is at once pleasurable and painful, and all I can think about, with every breath, every touch, is how much I need your cock to fuck me.
Hearing Kendra talk like this made Taylor instantly hard. He knew it was the alcohol talking – she rarely enjoyed talking dirty to him when sober. He hoped that she was drunk enough to also agree to do the other things he had planned for her that night. "Let's find out," he thought.
Taylor withdrew his hand from her pussy, and licked his fingers. "Delicious," he smiled at her. Kendra laughed at him, wrinkling her nose. "Excellent," Taylor thought. When sober, Kendra never let him lick his fingers after touching her.
Taylor reached over and grabbed the empty rum bottle from the nightstand. He had fantasized about putting the large glass phallus inside Kendra for weeks now, but she had always laughed off the proposition when he mentioned it to her. He loved the idea of fucking Kendra without losing control in the midst of his own sensations that she gave him while they were having sex. Plus, he wanted to see how she would respond to the bumpy contours of the glass, and just how far he could push the length of the bottle into her pussy.
Kendra smiled tipsily when she saw Taylor pick up the bottle. "What are you doing?" she asked stupidly. Taylor leaned in and kissed her to silence her; then he nuzzled the tip of the bottle against her silky folds. "Oooh," Kendra moaned.
"You like that baby?" Taylor couldn't contain himself. He was hard as a rock simply from the anticipation. "You like when I fuck you with this bottle?" He pressed the bottle in further, his hand shaking ever so slightly.
Kendra's world was spinning. Yes, she was drunk, but that wasn't the whole reason. A part of her was freaked out when she saw Taylor pick up the bottle – she realized in the back of her mind what he was planning on doing with it. But the other part of her was excited – very excited. She could feel herself becoming wetter and wetter, and she became dizzier and dizzier with desire as Taylor pushed the very tip of the cold rum bottle in and out of her pussy.
The bottle felt different than any feeling she had ever had before. It was narrower than Taylor's penis, and harder; it didn't move and bend with her body as his dick did when it was inside her. If she bucked her hips, the bottle jammed inside her at a different angle, pressing against the back wall of her cunt. If she writhed from side to side, the bottle felt harder and bigger than it was as it stayed still while her moist body moved around it; she felt truly impaled.
"Unngh," Kendra moaned. She had been trying to tell Taylor to go faster, but she couldn't get the words out. She moved her hand down to cover his, trying to guide his hand into a faster pace. But Taylor, interpreting her move as wanting to stop his intrusion of her body, was not ready for his fun to be over just yet. He grabbed her hand and pinned it under her body. Then he forced the bottle into her body as far as it could go.
Kendra gasped, feeling more inches of the cool glass enter her. The rum bottle was now half inside her. Taylor, his brow wrinkled in concentration and his hand still pinning hers to the bed, rotated the bottle inside her. Kendra's pussy walls moistly tried to hold on as the large object within her roughly twisted and turned. "Taylor, I need you," she moaned.
Taylor couldn't take any more. He left the bottle where it was, stripped off all his clothes, and straddled Kendra. He kissed her deeply, and began to toy with her clit as he hovered over her, eliciting more moaning from her. Then, slowly and carefully, Taylor aligned his cock with the rum bottle. He pulled the bottle out of Kendra a bit, held both his penis and the bottle together, and then pushed them both into Kendra's body. Her slippery opening resisted at first, then reluctantly opened to the dual intruder.
Taylor almost came instantly. He had never felt anything so tight before – the huge bottle pressed his cock inside Kendra almost painfully – and the bottle felt cool on his penis compared to his girlfriend's boiling hot interior. He began to thrust his hips, and the pressure grew even greater as he moved and Kendra's body stretched to accommodate him.
Kendra was beyond her senses. She barely knew what was happening, and colors spun before her eyes in a drunken and ultra-aroused haze, as she was spliced in two by the bottle and Taylor's cock. She tried weakly to move her hips along with his, which made the bottle jam up inside her even farther with each thrust. Taylor reached down and gave the bottle one last push, so that it was three-quarters inside Kendra.
She immediately started to cum, and the sensation was unbelievable – she spasmed around the two rock hard objects, both lodged in her pussy. Kendra's orgasm put unbearable pressure and suction on Taylor's dick and he exploded inside of her. The two lay mashed together until their waves of sensation subsided. Taylor withdrew, and then slowly pulled out the bottle, which made a sucking noise as he pulled the tip from Kendra's sopping pussy, and wads of his cum flowed out.
Kendra, who had basically remained motionless on the bed as she was taken advantage of, pulled Taylor to her by the hand. "Come here baby," she murmured. Taylor obliged, and wrapped her in his arms delicately. "Thank you for my present, Taylor," she said, as her eyes drooped fondly at him.
"My pleasure," he said, because it was true.
Day 3: Gingerbread
The next day, Taylor didn't have much time after Kendra got home from work before he had to leave for a music gig. He apologized to her, telling her that he would make it up to her with tomorrow's present, but today's present was going to have to be cut short.
Kendra was bouncing with curiosity by now. "What is it? Just tell me!"
Taylor smiled. "Gingerbread," he said, showing her a box of the sweet, spicy Christmas cookies.
Kendra tried her best to look excited. "Oh, great," she said, feigning enthusiasm for the sweet treats. She was disappointed – was today's present a non-sexual one?
Taylor continued, "Now I don't have much time, so we're going to have to have dessert quickly. Sit down on this chair, and open your legs." He pulled a chair over and guided her into it. Kendra was slightly confused, but she realized what was going on and immediately became wet when Taylor knelt on the ground beside her chair, reached up her skirt and tugged her panties off.
"Excuse me sir!" she laughed. "What do you think you're doing down there?"
Taylor replied meekly, "Well actually, I have a confession. Today's present is really for me... I have a bit of a sweet tooth, and my dessert tonight will be so much sweeter if..." With that, Taylor took a piece of gingerbread from the box and pushed it into her. He loved that she was now comfortable with foreign objects being used for her sexual pleasure – and for his.
Kendra leaned back in her chair, and closed her eyes. "Mmm," she moaned, relaxing the instant Taylor's adept fingers touched her pussy. "That feels good, surprisingly."
"Good," Taylor said, and quickly pushed three, four, five more pieces of gingerbread into her. "Now comes the better part." He licked his lips and buried his face in her cunt. It smelled like Kendra, and like spicy sweet gingerbread. He licked the length of her opening, gathering up the grains of sugar that had fallen there. Then he extended his tongue into her cunt, taking his time and caressing her inner walls, and searching for the pieces of gingerbread he had left there.
Kendra rotated her hips gently. "Ohhhhh," she began to get more and more turned on.
Every time Taylor located a piece of Kendra-flavored gingerbread in her pussy, he chewed it carefully and then sucked on her clitoris as a last sweet treat. Kendra clutched desperately at the sides of the chair, and then at Taylor's hair, pushing his head down and guiding his lips to stay at her clit. Taylor happily licked, and Kendra's sweetness exploded in his mouth. "Aiii!" she screeched, cumming hard.
Taylor kissed her pussy sweetly, and then her neck, and before she could open her eyes, he had donned his leather jacket and was out the door. "Bye babe."
Day 4: Holiday Dinner
Kendra was worried. Tonight was her office's big winter holiday dinner, and she and Taylor, who was going as her date, only had time to shower and change before heading over. When would Taylor have time to give her a present for day four?
Taylor, however, had taken their dinner plans into account. As Kendra was changing, he approached her with a small, red-ribboned box. "Here," he said shyly, thrusting it into her hands.
"What's this?" Kendra couldn't retain her smile. She tore open the ribbon and opened the petite box. "Panties?" She pulled out a pair of red panties, unsure of what she was supposed to do.
"Put them on," Taylor encouraged. Kendra put them on, and then covered them with a modest pink skirt and collared top. She added a string of pearls to her neck and then turned around to face Taylor.
"Thank you for the panties darlin- ohh!!" She exclaimed suddenly as her panties began to vibrate silently, just above her clit. She pointed a finger at Taylor, in disbelief. "You got me vibrating panties! I thought these were an urban myth! Oh wow, it feels really good."
Taylor grinned. "I'm glad you like them. Shall we go?"
Kendra happily took his hand in hers, and then stopped, frowning. "Wait," she said. "But how do they turn on and off?"
Taylor beamed, and patted the tiny remote control in his back pocket. "Now let's go meet your boss," he said, grinning and walking out to the car.
Kendra stuttered, "Wait, but – no, Taylor, you can't – it will be – I need to seem professional – they'll know – Taylor, no!" Her protestations continued even when they were seated in the car. Taylor ignored her for the first few minutes, and simply drove as she talked at him, and threatened to go to the dinner wearing no panties at all.
"You don't really want to do that, do you?" he said calmly, and discreetly flipped the switch to turn the panties onto vibrate. Kendra laughed when she felt the panties begin to tap her clitoris. She continued to argue with him, saying that the panties would be great fun to experiment with another time, when she wasn't sitting at the prestigious table with her boss, wearing a light-colored skirt that would show any moisture. But her voice trailed off suddenly... Taylor had raised the intensity of the vibrations several notches all at once. Kendra swallowed, and began to pant slightly. "Now, what were you saying?" Taylor asked coyly.
They pulled into the restaurant parking lot, and Taylor turned off Kendra's panties, upon her dire request. When they got inside the restaurant, the couple discovered that they were seated at Kendra's boss's table. Great, thought Kendra sarcastically.
They began with drinks, chatting easily with the older man and his wife. Kendra began to feel the familiar warm glow of wine wash over her, and she lay back contentedly in her seat. At that instant, Taylor turned on her panties to low vibrations. She glared at him, and he grinned back evilly. The vibrations were enough to keep the warm sensations flowing gently from her head to her toes, but they were not incapacitating – yet.
Kendra's boss asked her of her opinions on a potential merging of their company with another. Kendra had been hoping that her boss would ask her advice on this issue; she knew that she had good insight into these matters. "Well," she began, "to start, we need to make sure there is minimal reorganization-" Taylor turned the vibrating panties suddenly up to the highest level. "Oh!" exclaimed Kendra. "We need to make suuuuuure," she repeated, her words turning into a moan. The vibrations were unbelievably strong, and they made her entire lower body shake. She felt her wetness leaking out through her skirt and onto the chair. "I think that the most important thing," the rest of the people at the table were watching Kendra in confusion. Her voice had grown husky and her eyes were glazed.
"Are you okay dear?" Taylor tried to say without laughing, putting his arm that the others could see on Kendra's arm, and the other on her leg under the table. His burning touch was too much for her, and she exploded, cumming in hard convulsions while her panties continued to vibrate. She had enough consciousness to cover her face with her napkin, pretending to feel suddenly ill, as she knew she could not hide her expressions of ecstasy. Her boss and his wife looked to each other in concern, then continued talking amongst themselves. Kendra shot a pained glance at Taylor, begging him with her eyes to turn off the vibrations. But he pretended not to see her, and left the panties on the highest level, forcing her to succumb to another orgasm, and another.
"We'll be back," Taylor told Kendra's boss and his wife, who seemed surprisingly unphased. They were probably unaware such high tech lovemaking devices as vibrating panties existed. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and led her to the corner of the room, while she enduring orgasm after orgasm. "Ohh," she moaned into his shoulder, and leaned against the wall.
Finally, he relented and turned off the vibrations. "I'm sorry for ruining your dinner," he said sheepishly.
"It's okay," Kendra gasped, still shell-shocked. "More that okay – it was amazing!"
Day 5: Stockings
Kendra arrived home expectantly, as she had for the last few days, wondering what surprise Taylor had in store for her today. But he went about his business as usual, writing music quietly in his studio for several hours, helping her prepare dinner, and reading in the easy chair in the hours before bed. Kendra was confused. Had he forgotten about today's present? She knew she had had plenty to be thankful for, but she couldn't help but be disappointed that he hadn't remembered to give her a sexual surprise today.
But just after the couple undressed, and before they climbed into bed, Taylor revealed gift number five. He produced a pair of fishnet stockings, which made Kendra squeal with laughter. "How is that a present for me?" she laughed, "I am supposed to wear those? That is a present for you."
"Well, I thought you could enjoy it too," Taylor whined. Kendra smiled, and slipped on the stockings. She ran her fingers seductively down his chest.
"How about you make me enjoy them?" she grinned, and Taylor pulled her down into the bed with him.
"I can do that," he said.
Day 6: Stocking Stuffers
Taylor was pleased with himself at how clever his day 6 present was. When Kendra came to bed, he presented her with the fishnet stockings from the night before – only they were filled with anal beads, dildos and lubricant. "Yesterday I gave you stockings – today I gave you stocking stuffers!" he explained to a giggling Kendra.
"Well in that case, let me undress before I open my stocking," said Kendra. She stripped, and then reached her hand into the stocking, pulling out a bottle of lubricant. "Hmm," she said. "Why don't you show me how to use this?"
Taylor grinned, and took the bottle from her. He drizzled some out onto her breasts, and Kendra moaned at the coldness of the liquid. He smeared it all over her chest, making her nipples harden and her head fall back with lust. He ventured his hand lower, and smeared the lubricant onto her pussy, roughly rubbing his hand back and forth between her folds. Kendra sighed, and then closed her eyes, turning her body around so that her ass was in the air facing him.
Taylor immediately became hard, understanding what she wanted him to do. His hand shaking slightly, he poured some more lubricant into his hand, and smeared it on her ass. He hesitantly poked a finger into her asshole – she had never before let him come anywhere close to that part of her body before. He felt her tensing up, and he imagined what that would feel like if it were his erection instead of his finger. Taylor pushed two fingers into her resistant asshole, making sure the area was very wet with the oil.
He reached his hand into the stocking, and pulled out the anal beads. "Hmm, look what I have here," he murmured, and Kendra's nod indicated it was alright. Taylor was almost unbearably hard by this point, and he rubbed his penis up in between Kendra's ass cheeks, moaning. She grinned, knowing exactly what this was doing to him. Then, slowly, Taylor inserted the beads into Kendra. It took a while, and he reached over and played with her breasts and her clit to relax her. Finally, all four beads on the string were inside her body.
Kendra decided she liked this feeling of fullness. She turned over and sat on the floor, feeling the beads shift inside her body. "Ohh," she moaned, unable to help herself. She attacked Taylor suddenly, biting his lips and ears, overwhelmed by the feeling of fullness in her ass, yet still needing her pussy to be filled. He reciprocated eagerly, stripping off his clothes and pushing himself on top of her.
He entered her quickly and smoothly – her wetness made him slide in easily, and yet he could feel the beads inside her through the thin wall of her cunt. It felt tighter, and he could feel the beads shifting inside of her as he thrust. Kendra bit his shoulder and pulled his hair – she had never felt so turned on in her life. Taylor was overcome – and came – but was determined to bring Kendra with him. With one hand he reached down to rub her clit and with the other, he began to pull the beads out of Kendra's ass, one at a time. Kendra felt a total and complete release, screaming as the slight pain in her ass combined with the total pleasure Taylor was administering to her clit. She fell back on the floor, the contents of the stocking strewn everywhere. "Mmm," she smiled contentedly, as Taylor looked on, ecstatic at his achievement.
Day 7: Tobogganing
Taylor pulled Kendra by the hand to a secluded area at the top of a hill where families and couples were happily pushing each other off the top on toboggans. "Where are we going?" Kendra exclaimed. Taylor covered her mouth with his to silence her. Quietly, he unzipped both of their coats. They kissed passionately, finding warmth in each other's arms in the cold day. Screams of glee coming from nearby made Kendra giggle, before Taylor distracted her by pulling her down into a pile of their coats in the snow.
Silently, he pulled her skirt and underwear aside, and entered her. "Ohh," moaned Kendra at the unexpected intrusion, and Taylor quickly hushed her. Her fingers massaged Taylor's neck as she pulled his lips to her breasts. Her nipples stood up in the frigid air.
Taylor licked his fingers and rubbed them against Kendra's clitoris while continuing to thrust, knowing this move drove her crazy. He sucked gently on her neck, and intertwined his legs with hers, driving deeper into her. When he knew she was close to orgasm, he withdrew, and suddenly began dressing her – he put her coat back on her, and buttoned her shirt. Kendra was confused, but Taylor continued to massage his fingers into her pussy with one hand, so she didn't argue. He rubbed faster and faster, and suddenly Kendra exclaimed, "Oh Taylor! I'm going to cum..."
With this, Taylor scooped up Kendra in his arms, and placed her on a toboggan that he had planted nearby. Kendra was confused but was so close to cumming that she couldn't help herself, and began to masturbate in Taylor's arms. He kissed her, and then as soon as he heard the beginning screams of her orgasm, pushed her down the hill on the toboggan. Kendra screamed, as she orgasmed in what felt like a total release of her body, as she fell through the snow all the way down the hill. She couldn't see anything, could only feel the spasms of her body, the cold air rushing past her, and the drop of her stomach as she slid down. Her screams blended in with the rest of the screaming tobogganers, but Kendra knew none felt the ecstasy that she did in her toboggan ride.
Day 8: A bow
Taylor got into bed tonight silently. Kendra was still horny from yesterday's gift: while she greatly enjoyed it, she wanted to feel Taylor's cock spurt inside her. She kissed his neck and walked her fingers down his chest to his cock, to find her day 8 present. Taylor had tied his erect cock at the base with a tight red bow, giving Kendra her present: the bow would prevent Taylor from orgasming while they had sex, and she could prolong it as long as she wanted, simply tugging on the end of the bow to release his cock when she was ready for him to cum.
"I like this gift!" Kendra exclaimed naughtily, already making plans in her mind to torture her poor boyfriend. With one hand she masturbated him, and with the other, herself. Only, she gave herself a fast, hard pace, and only lightly handled him, drifting her fingers along the shaft but avoiding the sensitive head. "Unnngh," Kendra moaned, thrusting her hips in the air as she brought herself to an orgasm.
Poor Taylor had to lie there, cock already straining against the tight red bow, sticking straight up in the air, as Kendra humped his thigh, cumming strongly. "Ahhh! God!" she shouted. Taylor growled low in his throat, an involuntary noise. "Mmm," Kendra lay still for a minute, recovering. She moved on top of him, smiling down at him, and brushed her sopping wet pussy over his rock-hard cock.
"You're torturing me," Taylor breathed huskily. "I'm so hard it hurts." He couldn't help but catch Kendra's hips in his hands and force her down onto him, thrusting madly. Kendra was secretly pleased that she made him lose control, but she gave him a stern pat on the ass. To punish him for his over-eagerness, she withdrew slowly, and then even more slowly pushed back down to engulf him. She continued this slow pace, up and down, up and down, until Taylor practically screamed with frustration. "I want you so bad!" he grunted, biting his lip, and squeezing her hands.
Kendra smiled and picked up the pace, taking him into her again and again. She touched herself while pumping him, bringing herself to orgasm a second time. Taylor watched with pained desire on his face. Finally she was humping his cock so hard that the bed was shaking loudly, bumping against the wall with their movements. "Ohhhh!!" screamed Taylor. He wanted to cum so badly, but his cock strained against the red bow, making the painful head of his cock even more engorged when he tried. In his frustration, he pumped his hips upward into her, urging her into an even more impossibly fast pace, which in turn felt even more amazing and tortured him further when he was denied his release.
Kendra continued to pump him, squeezing the muscles of her pussy around his unbelievably hard cock. She stood up, and turned around, inviting him to fuck her from behind. Taylor loved this position, but now he felt almost like he couldn't take it. He reluctantly slid into her as she kneeled on her knees in front of him, feeling lightheaded and overly aroused. He fucked her hard, unable to help himself, and Kendra screamed as his huge cock pounded her G-spot over and over, making her cum again and again. "Ungggg" she grunted as he pounded her into the bed. Taylor could feel her contracting around him, and his dick began to twitch uncontrollably, trying to cum. He collapsed on top of Kendra in a near faint, and Kendra finally relented.
She quickly pulled on of the ties on the bows, and Taylor screamed her name. "Keeeeennnndraaaa!!!!!" His cock spurted for minutes on end, as he released the hours of torture he had endured into her swollen cunt. "Oh, oh, oh, oh," Taylor felt like he was about to pass out as his cock continued to cum, and the feelings were almost too much for him. "Ohhh," he slowed his thrusts, and Kendra squeezed her pussy walls, milking every last drop from his abused penis. She rolled over and kissed him sweetly on the lips, and the couple immediately fell into a deep sleep in each other's arms.
Day 9: Glass of Milk
All of Taylor's presents had inspired Kendra, and she wanted to give him one of her own. This evening, she decided she would substitute one of her presents for one of his. She called Taylor into the kitchen, where he found Kendra wearing only a Santa hat. She had set up a plate of cookies, and an empty glass. Taylor grinned. "Should I pour some milk?" he asked her, taking a bite of a cookie.
Kendra said, "I was hoping you would ask that. Yes, but let's do it my way." She sank to her knees, and unbuckled his pants. Taylor grew hard immediately. She pulled his jeans to his ankles, followed by his boxers. "Mmmm," she moaned at the sight of him hard and ready for her. She cradled his warm balls in one hand, rubbing them against each other. With her other hand, she positioned his cock straight towards her mouth, and then licked it from base to tip. Taylor moaned in appreciation.
Kendra pushed Taylor back against the refrigerator, where he yelped at the coldness on his back. "I'll warm you up, baby," she murmured against his cock, before taking him completely into her mouth. She licked him up and down, and then took him in her mouth all the way, and swallowed. Taylor grunted at the feeling of her throat contracting on his head, trying to swallow all of him into her. He ran his fingers through her hair, and pumped his hips against her mouth. She obliged, picking up her pace and bringing him to the edge of his orgasm. When he was about to come, she quickly grabbed the empty glass from the counter and caught his spurts in it. He moaned, filling the glass with his milk.
As Taylor lay exhausted against the fridge, sinking to the floor, Kendra happily took a bite of a cookie and then a swig from her glass of "milk." "Mmm," she murmured, now sporting a creamy milk mustache. "That hits the spot." Taylor looked up at her through eyes drooped with desire.
"I think I'll get my own glass of milk from the fridge, if you don't mind," he laughed.
Day 10: Inviting a Guest
Taylor was nervous about today's gift. Although Kendra had never expressed desire to have a threesome before, he knew that she was attracted to a particular woman who he played jazz with occasionally. He had invited her over and she was already sitting naked in their closet, waiting for bedtime.
Taylor brought Kendra into the bedroom, undressed and blindfolded her. Kendra smiled as she heard him take off his own clothes, and then push her onto the bed. He began to lick her cunt, and she squirmed with desire. All of a sudden, Kendra felt another pair of lips kissing her breasts. She struggled to undo the blindfold, but couldn't. "Ohhh," she moaned. She knew it had to be a woman from the way she was licking her nipples – only a woman would know how to evoke those sensations – and she recognized the perfume of the woman she had found so attractive at some of Taylor's concerts.
Kendra was slightly embarrassed, but threw all caution to the wind when Taylor slid his penis inside her, and the woman began to kiss Kendra. She was overcome with desire, and surprised herself when she reached out to fondle the woman's breasts, which made Taylor moan and pump harder. He flipped her over so that she was riding him, allowing the woman access to Kendra's clit. She sucked at her clit while Taylor pumped up into her, and Kendra screamed, cumming instantly. Taylor was incredibly aroused by the sight of another woman licking his wife while he fucked her, and he came too.
Kendra undid her blindfold, and she and Taylor sheepishly looked at their new friend. The woman laughed, "Well, that was fast," making both Taylor and Kendra blush. They looked at each other with embarrassment, and then turned to the woman.
"Would you like some tea?" asked Kendra. "We still have the whole night."
Day 11: Christmas Party
Kendra came home from work to find a party in her house. She put away her coat and briefcase and poured herself a drink, glancing around. It appeared that the party was all men. She looked around for Taylor, chatting with a couple of the men on the way. She noticed that they all seemed very attractive: they were all very muscular, and had model-like faces.
Kendra turned around when she felt one man grab her ass. "Excuse me!" she exclaimed, unsure what to do if a stranger started feeling her up in her own house.
"Oh, sorry," said the attractive man in a deep voice. "I just couldn't help myself, you are so beautiful." Kendra blushed, and didn't protest when he pulled her hips to his body so that she could feel his erection pressing through his clothes against her waist. It was a very large cock, she could feel, and felt herself beginning to get wet. She knew she shouldn't be having these thoughts about another man – she was very happy with Taylor – but she couldn't help it. The drink, along with the twenty gorgeous guys in her apartment, were making her head spin.
Kendra felt another man come up behind her, and similarly press his erection into her ass. "Hey!" she said. "What is going on?" But she didn't protest too convincingly. The two men began to kiss her neck, and Kendra felt her head fall back with desire. A third man approached and weaved his hands in between the three to fondle her breasts. The four were now the central attraction of the party, and they began to strip off all their clothes. Two men lifted Kendra in the air, and she was never to touch the ground for the rest of the night. Another two men began to lick Kendra's pussy, and she felt overcome with desire, and spasmed as she was held up in the air. She felt weightless, as if she existed only for sex.
Kendra saw that all the men in the room had stripped off all their clothes, and were slowly stroking their hard, beautiful cocks. She thought that she saw Taylor in the corner of the room, beating off, but she was too distracted to be sure. She felt men's hands grasping at her breasts, sticking their fingers into her mouth, squeezing her ass, and poking into her cunt and ass. Someone reached up to pour oil all over her, and the group gave a collective groan. Kendra had never been so turned on: she loved that it was her, and only her, who was making twenty men go crazy with desire for her.
Kendra was passed around the room in the air, as all the men wanted a chance to hold her, touch her, press their erections up against her, kiss her sweet pussy. One man somehow obtained a can of whip cream from the fridge and shot it at Kendra, to the delight of the men around her, who quickly lapped it up, making Kendra giggle with the tickling sensation of seven tongues on her torso.
Kendra vaguely heard one man announce, "Okay, boys, it's time," before she felt someone's cock enter her. She panicked for a moment, worrying about Taylor, but suddenly he was there, kissing her lips, soothing her. She gazed into Taylor's eyes, and saw that he was just as aroused as she was by their little Christmas party. She bit his lips as the stranger pumped into her, and felt two men thrust their dicks into each of her hands, wanting her to touch them. She obliged happily – nothing turned her on more than the feel of a hard erection against her body.
Kendra felt other men press their hard cocks against her body, her waist, her head, poking at her elbow and armpit, or even at her legs. They all needed to touch this beautiful creature that they collectively made love to. Just the sound of twenty men moaning how beautiful she was made her orgasm the first time, squeezing the cum out of the stranger's cock in her pussy. "Arrgh," he grunted, pulling out as soon as he was done cumming.
Kendra felt herself being tossed around the room, her body never touching the ground. Another man slid into her, and Kendra groaned with how large he was. He pulled Kendra's body away from the other men and hugged it to himself, so that her breasts her pressed up against his chest, her head dropped against his shoulder as he fucked her roughly in the air.
One man called out, "Hey that's not fair. You can't have her all to yourself." Kendra felt another man come up behind her, and begin to play with her ass. "Noo," she called out unconvincingly, and the man began the process of trying to penetrate her asshole with his huge cock. It took several minutes to get the head into her virgin ass, and Kendra screamed, surprising herself with how good it felt to have one giant dick pumping her pussy and another lodged in her ass. The man held her by the breasts, and inch by inch thrust farther up into her ass.
Kendra had never felt so full. She was suspended in the air between two huge muscular men, their cocks lodged up inside her body. She felt like a meat sandwich, and both men bit her neck. They both used both hands on her hips and breasts to toss her up in the air between them. Her pussy would almost come off of both of them, but the force of gravity would pull her back down, so that she landed back on their dicks, involuntarily shoving them up inside her again. They tossed her up in the air again and again, and another man began to kiss and suck on her toes, sending tremors through her legs and cunt.
The men began to forcefully pull Kendra back down onto their cocks, and the roughness of it all made Kendra cum. "Aii!!" she screamed, orgasming harder than she had ever before, and contracting so hard that the two men came, feeling each other's hot spurts through the thin walls of Kendra's pussy. Kendra was filled with gooey liquid that dripped out onto the floor as she was passed in the air to another group of men, but the night was not yet over.
These men kissed her and sucked on her breasts, and grabbed her flesh wherever they could. Kendra moaned, overwhelmed with sensation. One man lay down on the floor, and the others lowered Kendra's pussy onto his erect cock. Kendra lay her head on his chest, exhausted, while he pumped her. The other men lifted Kendra's legs backward in the air. Another man knelt between her legs, and pressed his cock alongside the first man's, beginning to thrust at the same tempo, and slowly moving forward so that his cock began to enter Kendra's pussy with the first man's cock. She screamed at the sensation of having two hard cocks in her cunt at the same time, thrusting together, but also sometimes thrusting alternately, jabbing her constantly and leaving her no moment to breathe. She started to scream as they thrust faster, but another man quickly filled her open throat with his dick. He thrust down, taking advantage of Kendra's surprise to press his balls into her chin, and force her to take him all inside her mouth.
Kendra lay limp between the three men, taking all of their cocks into her, when a fourth man straddled her back. "How can I fit a fourth cock inside me?" Kendra wondered. But the man maneuvered himself so that his cock fit inside her asshole. He inched in so slowly, because Kendra was being tossed around by the other three thrusting men, and because her body was already so full of man meat that there was no room left for him. But he forced his way into her ass, feeling the two cocks inside Kendra's pussy. He began to piston inside her ass, going faster than any of the other men.
Kendra could not believe she had four cocks inside her. She couldn't move, she could only gag on the cock she was sucking, and feel the two cocks slide in and out of her pussy, pleasurably squishing against each other and against her pussy walls, and the vague pain of the man fucking her ass. It turned her on to look behind her and see the pile of men squirming on top of each other, all trying to get off inside her. She blindly reached both her hands out to her sides, and two men obliged, filling her hands with their huge meat. This went on for what seemed like forever, and Kendra knew she was going to be sore in the morning. Someone poured a bucket of ice on the seven of them, and they moaned collectively; the ice melted almost instantly in the heat of their movements, making their fucking into a wet slippery mess, and the sounds of squishing and slapping were amplified.
Kendra noticed one man approach the man she was sucking off and begin to lubricate his ass. He then proceeded to start fucking his asshole, making that man's thrusts into Kendra's mouth more forceful. Kendra could see the second man's balls slapping against the first, and the sight of this turned her on so much that she started to cum despite the pain of being filled by four cocks. She screamed, and the vibrations of her throat made the man in front of her cum, and his ass contracted, making the man fucking him cum. The contractions of Kendra's pussy were painful for the three men, and they all came instantly together, screaming and thrusting wildly as they competed to spurt their cum inside her body. The eight people collapsed in a pile on the floor, and Taylor came out of the corner from where he had been masturbating, and kissed Kendra. "I love you," he said, and all she could do was gaze up at him with love and lust in her eyes.
Day 12: A Ring
Taylor and Kendra quietly got into bed. Kendra wondered what gift could top the last eleven that Taylor had given her.
"Kendra," began Taylor. "I have had such fun with you these last eleven days. It has made me realize that I love you, but that sex, which is so important to me, will never be boring with you. I want to do these things with you every night for the rest of my life. Kendra, will you marry me?" With that, Taylor produced a perfect diamond ring, and slipped it on a shocked Kendra's finger.
"Oh Taylor," she cried, throwing her arms around his neck. "I could never ask for a better man. You treat me so well, and I love you. Yes, I will marry you!"
The newly engaged couple kissed sweetly, and held hands.
The end – this is my first story, please comment and tell me what you think. If you liked it, please vote! Thanks ~ sexyalexa