I was atClub Heraklionand couldn’t get a lift home, unfortunately. (If you want to know more about this club, check out my story with the same name.) Sylvie had brought me there but she had already warned me that she wouldn’t be able to bring me back as she had arranged to run a train. I wasn’t familiar with that term, but knowing Sylvie, I didn’t think she was going to discuss the latestMärklinminiature train catalogue.
After the sauna and the pool, I had a few drinks that were, as usual, offered by some of the regular members. Men with big bellies who like to ogle a fresh young woman with a hairy fanny. Time was passing much faster than I thought. I like to have a drink and a pleasant conversation in the nude. Exactly as the Lord intended in the Garden of Eden. I don't mind if the men get excited. It is flattering. It is even more flattering if they disappear for a while and come back, in a much more relaxed state.
I hurried to get to the bus stop and caught the 19:12 just in time. When I put my key in the door lock, it was already past eight. When I opened the door, I knew Rick was home. I saw his jacket thrown in a corner instead of hanging properly on the coat rack, so I did it for him. Damn, I thought, on the one day in the year that I am late, he is home early.
He was working in his studio, which is a room in our apartment that has a tiny minicomputer with two very big screens. It’s where he adjusts and saves the pictures he has taken during the day.
I knocked because I know he doesn't like to be disturbed when he is editing. He answered that I could come in, which I did. I kissed him on the cheek and apologised for being late. He answered that there was a plate in the fridge and that I just had to put it in the microwave. I thanked him again, with a kiss, and bunny-hopped to the kitchen. You can't understand how happy I am with this guy.
I took the plate to the table in the dining room, and to my amazement, Rick joined me, taking the opposite chair.
"Had fun?" he asked.
I nodded with my mouth full. Those who know me all acknowledge I eat like a dog on steroids.
I replied, chewing. "Sauna and a swim. I had a few drinks, I forgot the time."
I took a big bite and was waiting for Rick’s sneering comment that I was eating like a pig, but he didn’t. He just looked at me with a smile on his face.
"What are you looking at?" I inquired.
"You. You are beautiful."
"Idiot." I retaliated with a big smile. "Let me eat in peace."
"I mean it. You’re radiating. Whenever you come home from that sauna place, you feel reborn. And in bed, you will be insatiable tonight."
I swallowed. I couldn't live with my lie any longer. Rick was entitled to an explanation. I turned a bit with my fork through the mashed potatoes and, with a tremble in my voice, I told him I had to confess something. I told him the sauna was part of a club. A nude club.
"I know," he mumbled.
"You... you know?"
"Club Heraklion." he added, "Orgies on Friday night. A dungeon in the cellar."
I asked him why he hadn’t confronted me with that before. Rick sighed and explained that he was waiting for me to tell him. I didn’t have the guts to ask him what would’ve happened if I had kept this a secret. Rick’s mood was deeply serious now, and he sounded a bit tired.
"Just tell me one thing. Do you fuck people there?"
I shook my head. This interrogation was rapidly going the wrong way.
"Never!" I squealed, barely withholding my tears. "You must believe me. Nobody may touch me, except you, I swear. I made a vow, remember?"
Rick knows something about my slutty past, although I don't particularly like that degrading term. When we first met, I feared that my reputation would somehow reach him. The way I met him was not the proverbial 'moonlight and violins' way. I grabbed him from under the nose of his girlfriend and seduced him the hard way. When we became an item, I told him that I was a reborn monogamous virgin and that there would only be one man in my life. It was now up to me to regain his confidence.
Rick asked me what it was I did at Club Heraklion. I told him I had a sauna, a swim and a drink, all in the nude. It’s a club where all members walk around naked and where nobody is ashamed of their body. Everybody knows there is a ‘no touching’ rule, a rule that is strictly followed by all members. I never visit the club when there is a swinging event going on. Group sex isn’t my style anyway.
Rick was silent. I took the plate and brought it to the kitchen, to put it in the dishwasher. Rick followed me, pushed my head forward, and lifted my skirt. He put one hand between my legs, and I heard how he was untangling his belt. His trousers fell on the ground, and he entered me with a wild thrust. I shrieked when I felt his stiffness sliding in. His hands grabbed my boobs under my dress, while he pumped vigorously. I pushed my arse against his hips. I like it rough sometimes, and I certainly liked it now. Before the minute was over, I was on fire. But unfortunately, Rick didn’t last long enough to cook an egg.
I heard him moan, and then it was over. I turned around and looked him in the face. It was sad.Omne animal triste post coitum.
"Sorry," he stumbled. "I… I should never have done that."
I grabbed his head and pushed it against my shoulder.
"It’s alright," I said, putting a hand through his beautiful dark hair: "It’s alright. I love you too. You must know one thing. You are my man, my only man. You can have me any time. You don’t have to ask. I have chosen you. I want to grow old with you. One day, if you let me, I will have your children."
Rick looked at me, with puppy eyes, and asked if this all was true. I told him it was true.
"What others see is skin, a cocoon." I told him. "But what you see is me, the real me. Do you understand? And that real me can’t live without you."
I hugged my man, kissing him on his face. Licking his tears.
"Get your feet out of your trousers and follow me to the bedroom. This isn’t over yet.”
We were lying in bed, side by side, face to face. My right leg was crossed over his hips and his dick was deep inside me. It’s our favourite cuddly position, we can see each other in the eyes, we can kiss, and our hands are free to gently touch, stroke, and tickle. Rick wasn’t moving much, he just kept his loins going slowly to keep his penis in shape. It’s intimate friendship to the extreme, it’s trust and honesty. It injects a shot of love into my heart, and for once, I’m not alluding to my boyfriend ejaculating.
It had been a good talk, without the passive-aggressive tone that sometimes creeps into our quarrels. But this hadn't been a quarrel. It had been a confession but without the undertone of sin. Rick didn't fully understand, but he gave me the benefit of the doubt.
What I have been doing since I left the parental cradle was exploring my sexuality and, to a greater extent, my personality. I wanted to punish my parents for my Catholic upbringing, with sin lurking behind every corner. Paradoxically, I did this by punishing myself and by throwing myself into the nightlife with too much alcohol, too many happy pills, and far too many men. I don't regret it, it's too late for that anyway. Good things happened to me, some bad as well. Overall, I've been lucky, I think.
One day, I decided it had to end. I stopped blaming my parents and finally grew up. To a certain extent, I did. I still have some urges though, and they are difficult to control.
Rick and I were looking face-to-face, our fingers intertwined. We managed to laugh again. I repeated that he was my only bed partner in the entire world. I think he believed me and trusted me.
I kissed him some more, and I heard his breathing going faster. He moaned and said: "Oops." I wanted to know what happened, although I had a realistic hypothesis. He confirmed to me, somewhat sheepish, that he had come. Just like that, out of the blue. I hugged and kissed him, whispering in his ear that this was the sweetest gift a man could give to his wife.
This was the moment to excruciating the truth out of him. So I asked him, in my sweetest voice, how he found out what club I was frequenting.
"I’m a journalist, you know." was the answer. "I hear and see things. I probably knew about your promotion before you did."
"What!" I gasped. "Am I getting a promotion?"
"See?" was his laconic reaction.
I still wanted to know the truth. Members of Club Heraklion are very discreet and will not shout from the rooftops whom they have met there. It’s a bit like a secret Masonic lodge, only in the nude and with less singing. If I have counter duty at the city hall and meet someone I’ve seen at the club, there will be a discreet nod and nothing more.
It is weird how talkative a man will get when you squeeze his testicles. Rick had received an anonymous message, telling him about Sophie and me visiting Club Heraklion, and falsely accusing me of bedding multiple men in there. It didn’t take him long to determine who had sent it. It was Rick’s ex, who goes by the incredible silly name of Gwendolyn. She is still angry at me for rescuing Rick from her tarantula web.
"The bitch, the spider, the vermin." I hissed. "I’m going to kill her."
Rick kissed me.
"I won’t be able to fuck you in prison, you know."
"Let me break her fingers then. At least she won’t be able to fondle her clit."
Rick took me in his arms and whispered sweet words. He made me forget my murderous mood by descending on me and cleaning me thoroughly. He did a good job. It was a long night, and we didn’t get a lot of sleep.
I’m still curious about that promotion, though.