Nic had been propositioned many times at Talulah, but never had she felt even the slightest inclination to oblige. Keeping the watchers at arms length was part of what got her off about dancing at the club. She liked them tortured with desire for her. But something about his voice, his inert command, made her wildly aroused. On all fours, her fingers grazed the satin strip of fabric between her legs, and her teeth raked the inside of her lower lip. She wanted more. Nic glanced over her shoulder at the man in the chair. He was stone still, yet somehow pulled her toward him. Nic paused for a moment to consider, "What's the worst that could happen? It's just a lap dance.
I should get home soon anyway." She slithered across the parquet floor until she found herself at his feet. His Leather Cole Haans danced with jewel colored light. He must have come here after work, as she had. Nic sat back on her stilettos and ran slow, tentative hands across the tops of his shoes and around his ankles. She felt him shift in his chair when her fingers grazed the skin of his calves. Her senses were on fire with excitement--she felt emboldened by the wrongness of touching him, of breaking her own rules. She looked up at him from between his legs. "There they are," he said in a silky voice that made Nic's hair stand on end. "Your eyes are beautiful, kitten." Nic looked away, embarrassed. "Kitten" was wickedly sexy and also strangely endearing. He spoke to her as if he had known for forever, in an romantic sort of way that was ludicrous in the venue.
Nic's body writhed to the music as her hands made their way up his shins and over the cliff of his knees. She lightly drew her fingernails across his meaty thighs, and he exhaled deeply as his hands moved to his shirt and unbuttoned the last remaining closures, revealing a broad masculine chest leading to tight waist. She felt his hips move almost imperceptibly to press his cock against his jeans. But he didn't touch her. Talulah was a sex club--people here fucked openly and explored kinks and couplings of every manner. But generally, everyone respected the same "don't touch the dancers" rule as applies in more traditional strip clubs. Only once had a man vaulted the stage and grabbed her by the wrist, but two others were on him immediately and he was tossed out on his ass without pants on.
Nic felt a primal urge rise inside of her. She wanted to run her tongue over the little ripple of skin and muscle descending the stranger's belly, but she resisted. "No sex stuff, Nic, it's just a tease," she reminded herself. She willed herself to lock eyes with the stranger as she ran her hands along his chest, underneath his shirt and around his waist. "Mmmm," he murmured. His erection strained against his pants and Nic grinned devilishly as she let her hands find the hot mound of denim and rub it slowly, deliberately. His hips moved with her, encouragingly. Not wanting to indulge him too much, Nic swiveled on the balls of her feet to face the stage and dropped her head to her ankles as she slowly lifted her ass in the air. She was long and lean, but was blessed with beautiful, shapely hips and a round bottom that was a real crowdpleaser. She knew it was an attractive feature, and how to wield it. Her hair spilling onto the floor, legs crossed at the ankles, her long fingers traced the backs of her legs--first her calves, then the backs of her thighs, then her ass.
She gave herself a firm slap with one hand before whipping up to stand and then slowly, hips rolling, taking a seat on the strangers lap. She supported her weight with her hands on his thighs, and she let her bottom rub the pulsing mound in his lap with the motion of her hips. There was indeed a hot, swollen feeling inside her own panties, and she let her head fall back as she tilted her pelvis back to rub her clit against his erection. He growled into the waterfall of her hair, and the heat from his breath made her wet with desire. "Shit what is wrong with me? This is crazy," thought Nic. "But seriously how long has it been? 6 months? 7? How long am I supposed to go without sex?"
Nic stood and turned to face the stranger in the chair. Placing her hands gently on his shoulders, caressing his neck, she pulled one long leg and then the other up and over his lap until she straddled him. Looking at him this closely felt very intimate, almost uncomfortably so, but something in his face made her feel safe. Her hands traced his chest and body as she sat down facing him. She felt his heart pounding, and his heavy breathing. Heat was radiating between them. He wanted her badly and Nic was wildly turned on, suddenly realizing that she had tipped over an edge from whence there was no return. She wanted to fuck him. "You don't even know his name, you little whore!" Nic heard Drew's joking judgement resound in her mind. But something about the reckless abandon of fucking a stranger only made her want it more.
As Nic looked into his eyes and her wet panties ground against his rock hard manhood, she wanted to kiss him but felt perhaps that was too intimate. He was holding his own hands, now, behind his chair. Likely quite literally holding himself back out of respect. She found this charming and sweet, and a side of her feared that perhaps he was perhaps more submissive than she initially suspected. She brought her face close to his, her lips parted, and only at the last moment did she divert, bring her cheek next to his as she whispered into his ear, "Do you want to touch me?" No answer was required as his hands immediately responded and wrapped around her slim waist to explore her lower back. His hands were large and muscular but soft and warm. They felt delicious covering her body, guiding her hips in a sexual rhythm against him. Nic let out a little moan of pleasure. She had forgotten how glorious it felt to let someone take her this way.
While she has dabbled in it before, Ben was the one who truly indoctrinated her to the bdsm lifestyle, and she discovered her deepest desires and needs with him. She desperately wanted to belong to someone, to be owned by them. Consumed. But Ben's consumption wasn't the restorative kind. It was destructive. It started in the bedroom, but he soon became jealous and controlling in other aspects of their relationship. Spanking became face-slapping which became hitting. Nic showed up sporting a black eye for lunch with Drew, who absolutely lost her shit and began a campaign to help Nic see the relationship for what it had become: abusive. While Ben seemingly got over the breakup quickly and moved on, it took Nic months to feel like she could breathe without him. Going to Talulah, dancing for hungry men, reclaiming her own sexual sovereignty apart from Ben had been a healing process for her. And while she absolutely got horny, she hadn't been ready to give herself to someone... until tonight.
The man's hands traveled north from her lower back, around her ribs to caress the tops of her breasts emerging from her bra. His fingers traced her collarbone, her shoulders, and down her arms to her wrists, drinking in every inch of her. His large paws closed around her slight wrists and guided her hands to the button of his jeans. She looked in his eyes and knew that they wanted the same thing. He kicked his shoes off and Nic stood and playfully walked around the chair, dragging her hand along his form until she found herself between his knees again. He leaned forward and took off his shirt, tossing it to the ground.
"Fuck he's hot!" thought Nic. The man had to be around 40, but with a body that told of hours in the gym each week... or something. His arms were large and sculpted, displaying the mechanics of his every movement. He sat back in the chair watching her fingers move on his pants. Nic tugged at his jeans and he lifted his hips to oblige. When he kicked them off, she knelt between his legs and ran her thumb and forefinger along the full length of his 8" cock. It leapt in her hand. The man swallowed hard. His hands reached for her face and Nic steeled against his touch, a little saddened by her own conditioned response. Filled with lust and need, he was remarkably gentle--someone who knows his own strength. His fingers pushed into her hair and his thumb moved over her lips. Nic instinctually, primally, opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around his thumb. His dark eyes watched her mouth as he penetrated her deeper, slowly. She couldn't wait to taste him, but his hands held her in place.
"Good girl," he said with command. She could feel him hold himself back and her pussy screamed for attention. She couldn't wait any longer. She tugged at his underwear and he allowed her to finally release his beautiful, thick cock, glistening with precum. He tilted her chin toward him, enjoying watching her face between his legs, and slowly guided her mouth to his manhood. She kept her eyes on him as her hands gripped his thighs and her warm mouth, finally, gratefully, took his cock.