A big tip of the cap to Ginny for requesting this story and for her editing and read through.
It was a dark, dreary night, I was in a dumpy, desolate town in Central Maryland and I was bored. That's one of the main detractions from a job that keeps one on the road a number of days each month.
Had my meeting, worked out in the gym, read a book and it was only six o'clock. One gets accustomed to boredom, but still it's there. I had to stay overnight as another meeting was scheduled for the next day.
I chit chatted with my wife, Elizabeth, and after a bit of rumor and innuendo tried to chat up some naughty talk while working my cock, to no avail. She wasn't having anything of it, saying I could wait until I got home.
The only problem with that is that on most nights Elizabeth was too tired, not in the mood, or had a sore throat. That mean no sex, period. It happened all too often.
Sitting at the hotel bar I had some conversation with the bartender, a young college guy, and watched a game on the television hanging from the ceiling. Wasn't really interested, but clicked the box and watched. A middle-aged guy came in and sat two seats down, nodding at me, and asked for a whiskey straight. The barman delivered, and the two spoke for a bit. He'd obviously been there before.
Turns out Mark was also on the road, and one of his clients was in town that he had to visit monthly. Mark was a normal kind of guy with a keen interest in model trains. He knew more about model trains than I knew about pretty much anything, but it was conversation and remember, I was bored in a desolate town.
We bought each other a drink and chit chatted, watching the crowd, watching TV. Just two guys in a bar away from home.
I kidded him about the model trains, saying I'd rather be playing with a model. He laughed, said he'd like that as well, but that the trains had more of a brain that some of the mindless chicks we hear on TV.
Out of the blue Mark asked if I had frequented the nearby Creek Men's Club on any of my trips. When I looked quizzically at him he looked around the room, lowered his voice, and said it was the "adult" (he actually made quotation marks with his fingers) club down the road a little bit.
Shaking my head, I said no. He replied that if I was in the mood it was a good place to spend a few hours.
"They have just about everything there, a store with all kinds of adult novelties, a theater with X-rated movies, a bar with a cool lady DJ who spins tunes in lingerie, and places to mingle. There are rooms upstairs, one big one where if invited you can sit and watch the action or be the center of a show, others more private. I've gotten lucky a couple times over the years, and attended a Jenna gang bang there a year or so ago."
Huh? Jenna?
"Oh, she's a local girl who, well, accepts donations and, well, it's billed as a Jenna Gang Bang Night because she takes on all comers. It's very hot participating, watching, whatever," said Mark, shaking his head. "If I have the story right Jenna loves the action, and every couple months they let members know she will be there on a certain night. I think there's another girl who does it once in a while as well. Protected of course, as rubbers are not optional.
"But even on a night like tonight, when there's no Jenna or equivalent, it is a fun time. Lots of skin, husbands and their wives, single girls and the nice thing is they allow a certain number of single guys too. It's naughty and nice, nobody is allowed to get out of hand, and even if you don't hook up or anything you will have enough eye candy and incentive for when you get back to your room if you know what I mean."
Chuckling, I said that it sounded fun, and wondered if he was going over. Unfortunately, he had an 8 a.m. critical meeting, and needed to prepare, but he said I'd have a good time by myself. He gave me a 50% off pass with his name on it, saying if I used it I'd get in for next to nothing and he'd get a couple bucks in his account there.
We spoke a little more before he had to leave, and that left me wondering if a visit to the club was a good idea. Of course, my mind said no at first, but the more I thought about it the more I was intrigued. Checking on the internet from my phone I saw it was indeed a real place, looked to be in a decent part of town, and was pretty much what Mark said it was.
Why not?
Heading upstairs I stripped, showered, shaved and slipped on new attire. Very casual.
Drove over to the club, paid the $50 to enter, and was directed to lockers where I could leave valuables and jacket. Then out to a bar area that indeed had a lingerie clad DJ who was, well, adorable. Loved her sexy corset, garters and stockings, and a little pink bow in her hair.
Some people were sitting, others danced, some couples some singles. I saw the guy who had checked me in walking and he gave me the lowdown on the place, which was pretty much as Mark explained. Everything was open downstairs, but upstairs one had to be invited into a room.
He smiled and gave me an important piece of information. "We have some guests who, well, like to watch things but aren't invited into a room. Some guest don't want to share a room, but do want to be watched. So, to satisfy them, the large room at the end of the hall has a large window and, as long as one isn't overly demonstrative there, you can observe what is going on in the room."
Ah, a voyeur's paradise.
He rounded out the talk by reminding not to "bother" or be a "jerk" with women, that no means no, and to butt out if unwanted. "Be cool, and it will be a fun night."
With that he left me to my own devices, and I sipped my cranberry juice and took in the dance floor. There were lots of normal couples there, several women dancing together, almost like a school dance. Nothing elaborate, sexy, per se, although a couple of the women were wearing next to nothing.
One girl had a miniskirt and crop top leaving little to the imagination as her boobs were nearly bare as she bounced around. She was dancing with a girl who also wore a miniskirt, but who had on thigh hi stockings which showed a lot of skin when she moved.
Hot!
Walking around looking at the eye candy, I was struck at how several of the guys were feeling up or playing a little with their women. Sort of showing off. Others were making out, but most were merely enjoying the bar scene, the dancing and the whole scene. Dummy me I didn't bring any adult libations, so it was soda or juice.
One guy nudged me and nodded at the girls and said "they are hot!" I agreed, and mentioned it was my first time at the club. He said to make sure I looked around upstairs, and to not be afraid to mingle with the women. "They can always shoo you away if there is no interest."
I was especially interested in a couple at the far end of the room who were making out, and I really enjoyed when he lifted her skirt and played with her thighs and above. Her pink panties were in clear view at one point, and I marveled at how she looked so cute and innocent but wanton and slutty at the same time.
Chatting with a few people, men and women, over the next hour, I saw other couples being naughty. Nothing special or fancy. Then I sauntered upstairs and glanced into the rooms that I couldn't go into on my own, seeing little but hearing moans of gratification on a couple occasions.
Making my way toward the end of the floor I saw several people, mostly guys but with a couple girls mixed in, watching the goings on in the room behind the window. Inside a couple was fully clothed but furiously making out on a rumbled bed. They were really going at it. But the real show was next to them where a guy was very comfortably sitting in a chair as a woman knelt on the floor in front of him, bobbing her head up and down on his big fat cock.
He, and she, played to the audience they knew were riveted to their naughty actions. It was so hot. His pants were down around his ankles, and she knelt in a knee length skirt and flowing blouse, bobbing away on his meat like you see in a porno.
One of the guys watching was doing his best football announcer imitation, while most of the rest of us merely watched and enjoyed.
A couple nudged me a little to the side to give them a better view, and I watched out of the corner of my eye seeing his hand slip down her skirt onto her ass, caressing it with no cares that we might see. It was the couple from downstairs, the one with the woman with the pink panties. He played with her ass while watching the show before us, and a couple times the girl moaned a little.
"That is very, very hot," I said to them, "it's a great view."
The guy nodded his head, and the girl surprised me with her response. "You like watching, don't you. You were watching us downstairs!"
Smiling, I admitted to my voyeurism! "You guys are a lovely couple, and it was fun slipping glances, just as it's hot watching these couples."
Standing there, observing the people on the bed, with people by my side was so very hot. I mean, if it was just guys it would have been a little off, but given there girls too it was like we were watching a movie or play. Probably more a play than movie! So close, like we had front row seats. Voyeurs to sexual expression of exhibitionists.
We watched as the couple advanced from touchy feely to all out making out. They were swapping spit while the girl caressed his underwear and the guy completely lifted her skirt and bared her panties. It was extremely hot as he undraped the little miss, putting her ass on display for the onlookers. He played with that ass while she continued playing with his crotch.
It didn't take long for the girl to take a kneeling position in front of her man, and we were treated to the sight of a slow, sensuous blow job as the frolicking twosome performed before us. She took her time, nibbling away at his undies and dick underneath before unveiling the dick and her loving of his cock. She was working it in best porno fashion as we were riveted to the action.
It was intensely erotic as we watch the superb blow job. She worked his cock from stem to stern, up and down and back and forth. Every once in a while she'd dip down to his balls while stroking the cock. Erotic!
There was no question how hot the action was, as my cock lengthened and I so much wanted to jerk it, but realized that it wasn't appropriate. Each of us guys "felt" the action, and the one guy to my right who tightly held his girlfriend in front of him clearly was rocking against her in tune to the couple in the room.
It was so very hot watching the two near me, as they weren't part of the action but were onlookers to the action. I wished I had a girl like her, but my wife would never, ever do such a thing. We all watched the action and I noticed the guy near me playing with his girls' top, fondling her breasts over her brassiere. That in itself was so hot, like catching someone fooling around in public.
The twosome whispered to each other, and each nodded, and the girl pointed at me and the guy next to me. "Can you guys keep your hands to yourself?" Each of us nodded.
"Then follow us," she said pointing toward an open doorway a few steps away. We dutifully followed the couple, and I know I wondered what was going on.
Inside the room was a couch and a couple chairs. The couple sat on the couch and we reclined on the chairs. Without much notice the two began kissing intently. Hands worked around each other's bodies as my eyes were riveted on the action.
The exhibitionists - clearly they were enjoying being observed - then began to perform their antics in front of our eyes, within touching distance. The two held each other close, hands caressing each other's bodies with sexual fervor. They kissed, licked and stroked like teenagers in the back of a car at a drive-in.
"Am I doing okay," asked the girl, looking at us two onlookers. "He's making me hot. Are you enjoying yourselves?"
"Oh, yes." That's the best I could do.
Like the action down the hall the two made out for a while before each began unhooking, unzipping and baring some skin. It wasn't long before she was sucking him and it was so very, very erotic. We were feet away from the two and could hear the moans, groans, sucks and licks.
She had a certain way of sucking him off. Licking the tip then jerking it while looking at us with a smile. Then, she'd suck deep for a bit before nibbling the head while looking at us. All the while she had a hand caressing her pussy. She'd play with herself while playing with his dick. Needless to saw my cock was hardening in my pants.
Soon the two arose, and the guy turned her around and pushed her hands onto the sofa. She was bent over, doggie style.
He then began rubbing his cock up and down her slit, and it was apparent she was very wet and aroused. Sliding into her twat he was still for a few second before slowly rocking in and out of her snatch.
The two casually fucked for a bit before the girl ordered us to drop our pants and stroke our cocks. "It's hot knowing you are jerking off to our fucking," she groaned. Without missing a beat we did as instructed, eyes glued to the two fuckers.
Damn it was hot.
The two started moving quicker as their fucking escalated. The girl looked over her shoulder at us a couple times and smiled and blew kisses at our stroking. All of a sudden the guy began rocking faster and groaning and moaned that he was going to cum.
They rocked together for a minute before he pulled out. Looking at us, he said we were welcome to cum on his girl's ass, and for the next couple minutes we stroked and soon I blew a load of sticky sauce onto the girl's ass. Damn that was hot. Seconds later the other guy blew his load and we marveled at how sexy that ass looked all coated with cum.
We all cleaned up the mess, dressed, and strode downstairs to share some libations. The couple admitted they loved being watched, and enjoyed going a little farther. "That was the first time we allowed onlookers to participate, but it won't be the last. Loved it when you came on me," said the girl.
What a great night. Erotic. Hot. Unexpected. And all I could think of was that the next time in town I hoped they were again in the house. Or maybe a night when that Jenna was on hand.