"You two kid's seem to be a little tense today." observed Klaus the German goldfish, leaning back against the curve of his little round fish bowl. "It's getting close to your twentieth anniversary Stan. I would think you two would be happier and ready to celebrate, but here you are bickering."
Francine Smith swung around quickly, sticking her index finger in her husband's chest. "I swear to God I am getting so sick and tired of Stan's constant crushing of my dreams and making me do things I don't want to do, just to keep up appearances with the other spy's."
"What?" Stan retorted, "All I'm trying to do is protect our investments from your crazy ideas and get you out of the house a bit. Sheesh, a little fresh air would do you some good; Might loosen you up a bit Francine."
"Loosen me up? Loosen me up?" Francine's blood pressure boiled and her face began to turn red as she responded. "Why you uptight, arrogant, conservative; Republican! You need to loosen up. You are so uptight and predictable anymore. All of the spark has gone out of our love life. When was the last time you took me out, treated me right and made me feel special?"
"Well Francine," Stan responded, "maybe if you would ever do a single thing I asked you to do; or tried to be a little more creative in the bedroom."
"Right Stan, I need to be more creative. When was the last time you made love to me without your socks and T-shirt on?" she added icily.
"Hi folks." came the voice of Roger the alien as he entered the room. "Dr. Penguin, psychiatrist, psychologist, and family counselor at your service."
"No way Roger." retorted Stan. "We aren't going to allow you to soil our relationship."
"I guess we could go see Dr. Mendelbam again for $150 an hour." injected Francine. "
"Screw that." was Stan's quick response. "What have you got in mind Dr. Penguin?"
"Well Stan, I believe a few sessions of my trademarked "Couples Neuro Relaxation Therapy" will do wonders for the two of you."
"Tell us more." smiled Francine, moving closer to Stan, and taking his hand.
"It's quite simple really." Dr. Penguin continued. "I meet with the two of you, separately. I put you through a few mind recalibration exercises, and Walla! Everyone's happy."
"Oh, that sounds so exciting!" squealed Francine eagerly.
"I don't know." contemplated Stan, distrustfully.
"Have faith in me Stan," comforted Dr. Penguin. "I guarantee you will be happy with the results.
"Sign us up Dr. Penguin." beamed Francine.
"Okay then." Roger said as he pushed Francine towards the stairs. "Franny, you go on upstairs while Stan and I take care of the small matter of my fee. Then Stan, you can stay down here while Francine and I have her first session upstairs in my office."
Five minutes later Dr. Penguin and Francine were sitting in a corner of Roger the alien's attic apartment. "So Franny, what would you most like to accomplish from these sessions?" he asked as he puffed on a pipe and fidgeted with his tweed jacket.
"I just want Stan to be a little more adventurous with our personal life. He jets around the world assassinating people in all corners of the globe, but I can't get him to take me out for an exciting or romantic evening.
"Uhm hum, go on." Dr. Penguin droned as he scribbled sketches of Francine and her teenage daughter Haley in the nude on his pad.
"I just want to know he is proud to be with me," she said "that he thinks I'm still attractive; that he thinks I'm still sexy."
"I see." Dr. Penguin pondered for a minute. He had already anticipated Stan's objectives for Francine, so while he would work on her wants when Stan began his session, he would first work on Francine.
"I think I can help you Francine... Legerdemain!" He howled as he pulled a shimmering green ball from his jacket pocket.
Placing the orb in front of Francine's face, he let it go. Francine stared without emotion as the ball floated in midair and began spinning, taking on a luminous aura. Francine's eyes followed the flight of the spinning orb as it slowly moved left to right and up and down.
"Can you hear me Francine?" Dr. Penguin whispered.
"Yes..." she murmured.
"You are deeply relaxed...you feel weightless." He chanted deeply as Francine began to levitate a few inches off the ground, her face maintaining a spacial relationship to the floating green orb as her body swiveled into a horizontal position three feet off the ground.
"Francine I want you to listen to the sound of my voice; you feel comfortable and safe."
"I feel comfortable and safe." She responded back.
You know you are beautiful." He continued.
"I know I am beautiful."
"You are a desirable woman."
"I am a desirable woman."
"You like to please and tease."
"I like to please and tease."
"You are thrilled when men and women admire your appearance."
"I am thrilled when men and women admire my appearance."
Dr. Penguin continued "When you hear the word Legerdemain you will from that moment forward begin knocking down the barriers of your sexual inhibitions, whatever those may be. You will want to be more flirtatious. You will feel a thrill when tease and show off your body to others."
Dr. Penguin began circling Francine as he continued his instructions. "You will have intensely erotic feelings when you flirt with, and tease people. You will explore your innermost fantasies, no matter how obscene. You will find your own naked image incredibly beautiful and sexy. You will be attracted to others who find you beautiful and sexy. You will find the naked image of others to be incredibly beautiful and sexy. You will want to dress more risqué than is normally socially appropriate. You will worship hard cocks. When you awake you will not recall this conversation."
With that Dr. Penguin pushed the glowing orb towards his bed, with Francine's prone body following as though it were attached. As he quickly grabbed and concealed the orb, Francine's stiff, floating body dropped with a thud on his bed.
"And that's why I prefer an extra firm mattress, don't you agree Francine?" Dr. Penguin asked Francine as she came to, with a look of confusion.
"Uh, sure I guess so." She replied as she walked from the room, shaking the cobwebs from her mind. "When are you going to work on Stan?" she asked.
"Send him up now beautiful." He said as he relit his pipe, while observing an appreciative smile cross Francine's lips.
As Francine reached the bottom of the stairs, she heard Roger, once more back to his real persona, call out.
"Oh Franny...can you come back up for a sec? There's one more thing I forgot to tell you."
Francine turned and started up the stairs, slightly irritated. "For fucks sake Roger. What the hell? I just reached the bottom of the stairs."
Roger listened for Francine's footsteps. At last, he heard her reach the landing to his attic apartment.
"Roger? OH MY God!" she gasped as she topped the stairs and saw him lying in bed, slowly running in his hand up and down a thick, bloated gray prick.
"Legerdemain," he laughed as she stood in the doorway gawking at him.
Saying the word was like flicking a switch inside of her head. One moment her mouth was hanging open in dumfounded bewilderment and then it slowly closed into a leering grin as she slowly leaned against the door frame and watched him stroke his big, stiff cock.
"Oh, my," she finally smirked, reaching up and starting to unbutton her dress, "what a lovely cock you have Roger."
Roger didn't say a word. He just lay there, slowly running his hand up and down his cock as Francine's fingers flicked button after button open, not stopping until the last button was undone. Grinning wickedly, she quickly peeled her dress back over her shoulders, letting it drop to the floor.
Roger watched her reach behind and unfasten her bra. The heavy garment went slack and slithered down her arms, dropping to the floor in front of her. Her big, pendulous breasts jiggled beautifully as she dropped her hands down to the waistband of her nondescript, white cotton panties. They were as plain and ordinary as the brassiere she had worn.
"Franny, Franie, Franny...you sure don't have much of a flair for exotic underwear." Roger giddily laughed as she began to push her panties down over her hips. "Make sure you buy something a little more exciting for Stan to see you in, okay?"
As Francine nodded her silent agreement, Roger's eyes flew down to the Y of her belly and legs, waiting for her pussy to come into view. As she leisurely pushed the plain, almost granny panties down, Roger suddenly found himself staring at the thick, unshaved forest of soft, brown hairs that covered her smooth, sloping underbelly.
"Looks like the carpet doesn't match the drapes Francine... what a shame, tsk, tsk. Be sure to clear out that underbrush a little, girl!" he continued as she pushed her panties down off the rounded taper of her hips, they suddenly went slithering down to the floor.
Laughing softly, she stepped out of the panties. Then, smiling lasciviously, she hooked the panties with her big toe and kicked them toward him. Roger laughed as he watched the panties fly across the room and land in a puddle on the foot of his bed. "Well, what do you think?" she asked him, arcing her foot and slowly pirouetting around in a circle.
"Gorgeous. Fucking gorgeous," he praised her. As he stroked his hardened cock he let his eyes explore the territory that had once been forbidden but now stood before him, open and invitingly available.
"Would you like for me to do that for you?" she asked him slinking toward his bed, rolling her hips with the grace of a female cat in heat and on the prowl.
"Climb on up on the bed." Roger grinned, watching her big tits bobble and bounce with each step she took. Without a moment's hesitation, she crawled up on the bed and slipped up between his outstretched legs.
Curling up between his knees, the blonde mother gently pushed his hand away from his jutting peter. Roger felt his heartbeat quicken as she wrapped her soft hand around the thick column of rock-hard meat jutting up out of his groin.
"Oh, Roger...it is soooo hard," she murmured softly, admiring his cock as she squeezed it, slowly running her hand up and down the entire length of the swollen shaft. Roger lecherously watched her big tits jiggle and bounce as she shucked her hand up and down the shaft of his peter. "And it's so fucking big," she cooed, squeezing and twisting her hand around the bloated tower of hard, throbbing meat.
She quickly bent his cock toward her. He watched on in stunned silence as she slowly opened her mouth and sucked the head of his cock inside. He could feel his seed-rich cum already beginning to cook inside his balls as the moist warmth of her mouth slowly consumed more and more of his jutting prick.
Her long, blonde hair tickled his thighs as he watched Francine's lips descending farther and farther down the bloated shaft of his cock. She was sucking and pulling on his pud so hard, it felt like she had shoved a Dyson cleaner down on his cock. She already had half of his big, thick sausage inside her mouth but she showed no signs of stopping as her head dipped lower and lower. As her mouth moved downward, he felt her hand release its hold on his cock and trail down to his balls.
Lifting his balls, she began to squeeze and pull on them. Inside them, he could feel his cum boiling and bubbling, preparing itself for an eruption the likes of which the world had never witnessed. He just hoped that it didn't blow the back of her head off when it came shooting out of his tormented prick.
Throwing his head back, he closed his eyes and tried to control the eminent explosion that he felt growing inside his balls. Fighting to hold back the surging power building inside his testicles, he felt the bed shake and shudder as the bed springs groaned in protest.
Wondering what Francine was up to, he started to open his eyes just as the fragrance of Francine's overheated pussy filled his nostrils. There it was, the beautiful, pink, gaping hole of Francine's big, meaty cunt hovering directly above his face, only inches from his mouth. As he stared up at the wondrous sight, he felt Francine's mouth lazily suck its way upward until he felt his cock slip out of her mouth.
"Is this what you've been wanting?" she asked him, leisurely moving her pussy around in hypnotizing circles above his face.
"Yes," he hissed, staring up at the hairy piece of heaven floating just above his face.
"Does it look as sexy as you thought it would?" she asked him, fishing for compliments while nipping and nibbling at his throbbing cockhead as it bobbed around under her mouth.
"Really Nice Francine. Like I said, I didn't expect the brown hair; but nice." he groaned, staring up into her fleshy gash.
"Can you see how wet it is?" she murmured, running her tongue around the head of his prick. "Yessssss!" he wheezed, staring at the glistening wetness of her cunt as it slowly circled in the air above his face.
"That's how wet you make me." She purred.
Then he saw the ring of muscles encircling her pussy tense for just a moment as a big, gummy drop of juice slowly oozed out of the tiny slit. He watched it slowly drip downward out of the mystical opening. He followed it with his eyes as it lazily dripped down toward his lips trailing a strand of juice behind it, linking it to her weeping cunt. The drop touched his lips and he quickly flicked his tongue out and lapped it up. "Delicious." He said. "The hot, tart taste of a woman in heat.
"I've always wanted to do this," she murmured, slurping her tongue around the head of his cock like a calf suckling its mother's teat. "But I could never bring myself to do it. Then just now; something came over me. I knew that I had to do it. I don't know what came over me, but I had to finally have your big cock in my mouth!"
Suddenly, he found the aroma of her hot cunt suffocating him, filling his nostrils and mind with his need for her. He had to have her. But first, he would feast on her beautiful cunt!
Reaching up, he wrapped his arms around her waist and roughly pulled the weeping gash down toward his lips. As the pungency of her ripe pussy filled his nostrils, the soft, slippery flesh touched his lips and he shoved his face up into its sopping wetness. Groaning with joy, he filled his nose and brain with her sweet, cloying scent as he worshipped at the shrine of her womanhood.
The rich, earthy smell of her cunt filled his brain with lust and desire. The need to push his flesh inside her and let it spew forth its noxious burden inside her hot, sucking depths was overpowering. He could think of nothing else. But she seemed bent on drawing out his bubbling essence with her mouth. "Awwwsshhheeeiiitttt!" he growled out, grabbing her, grunting and twisting her body around as his hot green cum filled her mouth.
Twenty minutes later Stan Smith was levitating three feet off the floor, starring at the rotating ball, his back parallel to the floor.
"Stan, from this point on you will open up sexually with Francine." Droned Dr. Penguin.
"I will open up sexually with Francine." The CIA agent replied.
"You will treat her with pride when out on a date." "I will treat her with pride when out on a date."
"You will be proud to have other men and women find her sexually attractive."
"I will be proud to have other men and women find her sexually attractive."
Once more quickly grabbing the orb, Stan's body dropped with a thud to the floor. "Watch the throw rug there, Grace." Roger snickered.
"Come on Dr. Penguin, cut the garbage and tell me how I'm going to loosen up Francine."
"Legerdemain." Was all Dr. Penguin said
"Legerdemain? What the hell is that?" Stan quizzed with irritation.
"It's an ancient saying Stan. Say it and you will release Francine's inner slut for your enjoyment." Stan stood with a look of bewilderment on his face.
"Go fuck yourself Roger." Now Roger had the look of bewilderment. "Don't give me that crap Roger. You live here for ten years, and now all of the sudden you act like you can do mind control? F-U-C-K YOU!"
As Stan went clomping down the steps muttering loudly "Legerdemain? What the fuck; Legerdemain?" Francine clearly overheard his low mumbling as she approached him hopefully, suddenly feeling tingly.
'What is Legerdemain?' she wondered before continuing an earlier thought out loud. "Stan, I did some research on that kiosk at the mall. If you gave me $4,000 of your bonus for killing Bin Ladin, I could start a business selling my muffins. I think there's a real market for..."
Stan quickly cut his pretty blonde wife off. "Ooh, ooh, uh; I'm sorry. Sorry to interrupt, but, uh, real quick; this is the worst idea I've ever heard. Never gonna happen; but, please, keep going."
"Oh, just forget it!" Francine countered.
"Great call, Francine. Oh, hey, don't forget you're supposed to join the other wives in the "Wives of the CIA" auxiliary group demonstration against that adult book store today." Stan said stoically as he held up a protest placard he had made for her to carry.
Francine read the placard out loud. "No means no porn? What the hell Stan? Why do you keep signing me up for these things? You know I can't stand any of those smug, holier-than-thou bitches." She objected. "The last time they organized a protest, it was to keep a liquor store from opening across the street from that school. You know, the school across from the drug store where you buy your booze? Bunch of fucking idiots!"
"Just cut the crap Franny..." Stan harangued. "It won't kill you to support the other women this one damn time. Bullock is always on me about getting you involved in the wives auxiliary. Besides, the "New Happy Time Book News and Lingerie Store" is right across the street from our Dry Cleaners. You have to pick my shirts up anyway."
"Fine...you owe me mister." She said as she grabbed her purse and protest placard." And you!" she directed her anger towards Roger, "I thought you were going to work on him. Dr. Penguin my ass!" she fumed derisively as she stomped out of the house to her SUV. "Oops, forgot that one." Roger laughed as Stan fist bumped him and gave him a $100 bill as promised earlier.
As the sound of the garage door opening filled the house, Stan ran quickly into his home office.
Peering out the window, he saw Francine's SUV pull from the driveway and head up the street. He turned to the door and operated the triple locks, securing it in place. Smiling smugly, the CIA spy sat down at his desk and engaged a hidden switch underneath the desk top. With a soft 'whosh' a complete wall dropped down to reveal Stan's weapons arsenal; and porn stash. "She's going to be out of the house for at least a few hours." Stan thought out loud as he perused the assorted magazines, paperbacks and DVD's. He eventually chose a book titled "Alice and Bill: How showing off a wife to other men sparked a marriage" and settled into his leather desk chair.
Forty-five minutes later, after first picking up Stan's dry cleaning, Francine arrived at the "Happy Time Book, News and Lingerie Store."
"Where the hell are these skanks?" she muttered as she began walking silently in front of the bookstore in the oppressive ninety two degree afternoon heat.
As she walked and held her protest sign a couple of men come out of the store and looked at her. Several men walked towards the store but quickly turned away when they spotted her as she vigilantly stayed on the sidewalk as legal protesters were supposed to. A very few others entered the store, making crude suggestions to her.
Francine stoically ignored the comments as she sipped a soft drink from the cooler she brought in anticipation of the heat. She wondered when the other protesters were going to show. After two ice cold, twenty ounce bottles of Diet Coke and thirty minutes of walking by herself in the oppressive summer heat, she called Vanessa, the leader of the WC auxiliary on her cell phone.
"Hi Vanessa!" Francine greeted the woman enthusiastically, even though she couldn't stand the other woman. 'Stuck up fake Bitch' Francine ironically mumbled to herself. "Hey, where are you guys? I've been walking outside the Happy Time Book and News and Lingerie Store for the past half hour by myself...oh really...I see...you guys are at the NEW Happy Time Book Store...across town...Okay then, Vanessa...I guess I'll call it a day here then...what's that?...uh, sure...I guess I could continue picketing by myself...okay then...Bye."
"GREAT! I go to the wrong freaking store and protest by myself. All because my numb nuts husband is all 'It's the book store across from the Dry Cleaners' sheesh." She mockingly complained as she paced from foot to foot.
"Damn it, I've got to pee." She muttered. "Just great. The Dry Cleaner is closed now, so that's out." Seeing nothing else on the street but alleys and closed down stores and tenements, Francine decided to take her chances and see if the bookstore had a bathroom she could use.
'This should go real well since I've been out here protesting them all afternoon.' She thought as she laid her protest sign down by her cooler and entered the store.
Not having expected the day to be so hot and humid, Francine had worn the conservative uniform that Vanessa had picked out for the auxiliary members; a loose sweater, and a conservative knee length skirt with flat-soled black shoes. Sweating profusely, she self-consciously entered the store
"Hi!" she greeted the twenty something, disheveled looking clerk as she bounced from foot to foot in obvious agony. "Uhmm; would you mind if I borrowed your restroom?" The clerk stared at her in disbelief that she would ask such a thing after she had been protesting in front of the store.
One of the men who had been outside earlier spoke up. "You can use the bathroom in my office, lady. It might be safer. I'm one of the owners by the way, Frank Jackson."
"Uh, Okay. Thank you, I'm Francine Smith," she said. Despite the conservative outfit she was wearing, she sensed the men's eyes were nonetheless locked on her bosom. Despite the frumpy uniform clothes, her large well-formed breasts were covered, but not concealed. 'Damn it. I wish I had worn a sports bra today to hug and squash the girls down.' She thought.
"Right this way then, Mrs. Smith." Frank said, as he and the clerk led her through to the back of the store. They ushered her into a surprisingly large office. "Right through there, honey." Jackson said, pointing to a door on the back wall as he touched her hip lightly, guiding her towards the restroom.
Francine started walking, but froze in her tracks momentarily. Her eyes were drawn to a large poster next to the bathroom door. It featured a mature blonde woman on her knees, her breasts naked, with a huge cock rammed in her gasping mouth. The models eyes stared intensely into Francine's. She could not stop staring at the poster as she hurriedly entered the restroom.
She was in such a hurry that she never heard the *CLICK* of the clerk's iPhone as she gazed at the poster.
Shutting the restroom door and pulling her skirt up, Francine quickly did her business, managing to hover above the seat and not once landing on the questionable surface. She snickered as she noticed the boring panties she was wearing. "Maybe I should buy some new panties to pay them back for letting me use their facilities." She laughed to herself.
"These panties could stand to be upgraded while I'm here." She smiled before gathering herself and dropping her skirt in place. Stepping out of the restroom, she was greeted by another man joining the other two in the office. He was tall, black as coal and built like a bull, with a shaved head. "Hi there, Mrs. Smith, my partner was just telling me about you," he said, taking her hand in his. "My name is Jerome, Jerome Brown."
"Well, hello Mr. Brown. I'm kind of embarrassed to be umm, you know, meeting you like this. Protesting against your store and all."
Francine's voice trailed off when she noticed what the men had been viewing on the computer screen. It was the photo of Francine that the clerk had taken as she looked at the huge porn poster that was next to the restroom door. There was a strange look on her face, her pretty mouth lolling open in a slight oval shape.
'Shit...Shit...Godamnit...SHIT!' she cursed internally. 'If those self-righteous CIA Auxiliary wives see that picture they will never stop rubbing it in my face... and their husbands will rub it in Stan's.' She could feel her legs trembling. 'What the hell! They must have a camera facing that bathroom door to catch shoplifters.' she thought as she looked around.
"Why is it again that you don't like our little shop Mrs. Smith?" The voice of Frank Jackson quickly shook her back to reality. "This store might be liberating for you. In fact, you look like a woman just made for our products and services."
"How do you mean?" Francine shot back, puzzled.
"I mean you're a pretty sexy looking lady. I bet you look hot as a firecracker under these baggy clothes if you would just loosen up a bit."
"I'm loose enough, thank you very much." Francine snapped with irritation at being told to loosen up for a second time today.
"How did you get that picture? Are you trying to catch shoplifters?" she grilled, pointing to the monitor.
"Yeah; that's it Francine, we..."
"I need that picture." she interrupted, visibly irritated and trembling. "You can't keep that. I never gave you permission."
Jackson sensed her voice trailing off weakly. "Now don't you worry about that picture pretty lady. Come on now, and answer my question; why don't you like our little store?"
Francine had become confused, unsettled and mentally disoriented. She paused, trying to sort out what to do about the picture, while at the same time trying to answer his question of why she disliked the store.
Frank interjected again. "Here, watch this video. When you see it I know you will like it and like our store." he said, as he pressed a small button. Suddenly, there was a vivid picture on a big flat panel TV hanging on the wall. It showed a busty blonde in her thirties with short hair, dressed in a tight halter top and a tiny skirt.
Even as Francine watched, a man came up and cupped the actress's big, firm breasts. "Oh, my god! I can't believe you want me to watch such filth! How could any woman actually do that on camera?" Francine protested, putting both of her hands to her mouth in shock.
Out of the blue, images from before she met her husband Stan began to flood her memories. Images of watching porn with her boyfriend's during her freshman year in college.
"It turns most women on," Jerome reinforced, stepping a bit closer.
"I don't think I should watch this with you." Francine said, totally disoriented, her judgment becoming clouded.
As she turned from the video monitor Francine found herself stealing glances at her image on the computer monitor on Jackson's desk, her face framed perfectly in front of the porn poster.
'Oh my gawd. I'm staring directly at that giant cock rammed in that woman's mouth. Wow, how many years has it been since I've seen any cock, other than Stan's?' Her thoughts were disrupted by moans coming from the TV as the male actor had pulled the young woman's top up, and was now squeezing her big, firm exposed tits.
Brown smiled at her, his dark eyes gleaming. Francine could not help but notice that his eyes went to the front of her sweater, causing a soft shiver to race through her. "Tell you what, Mrs. Smith, you watch this one little scene all the way through, and we'll give you that picture." Brown said in a friendly manner. With this tiny lifeline being thrown her way, Francine exhaled a sigh of relief.
"Hold on there Brown." said Frank. "She didn't let us off very easy. Why should she get off so effortlessly? Hell fire, she chased away four or five hundred dollars in sales today with that ridiculous one woman protest. Did we deserve that Mrs. Smith?"
Francine looked down at the floor and stuttered a reply. "Well. I...I don't..."
"See what I mean." He continued. "She needs to learn how to loosen up a little. If she'll at least loosen up a little she'll enjoy life. It's summer time for Christ sake." He shot her a stern look. "She needs to loosen up and unfasten at least a couple of buttons on that damn sweater. Who the hell wears a sweater in the summertime anyway? Then she can have the picture." Francine looked up with contempt.
"Oh? Not good enough of a tradeoff for you Miss Uppity? Fine then lady." He continued. "I'll just send this picture around to the group you were protesting for. What's that group name? The WC Auxiliary? Whatever the fuck that is?"
"WHAT!NO!" cried out Francine. "You can't do that!" she continued meekly, finding herself staring off at the video to avoid looking at the three men in the room.
The man on the video screen was now passionately French kissing the woman, their tongues intermingling. His hands still worked at her big breasts, lifting and squeezing the heaving globes.
"So then, we agree that we have a deal then Mrs. Smith?" Frank said as he motioned for the clerk to lock the front door, and mouthed the words 'Grab your cell phone'.
"You Loosen up a bit, relax and watch the video and I'll get that picture ready for you." he decreed, his mouth close enough to her ear to make her shiver.
Francine tried to speak, but in the end she just ended up nodding her agreement. 'There is no way the "Women of the Auxiliary", or Stan and his work buddies would ever understand.' Francine reasoned to herself. 'I'll just stand here, and act like I'm watching this disgusting video, and then they will delete the picture and I can go. I'm a smart cookie...I can get out of this situation.' She rationalized.
"And you swear you'll delete all copies of that picture?" she asked. "Yes, of course we will." Brown said, reaching out and wrapping his muscular black arm around her shoulder lightly.
As they stood and watched the scene progress, the woman on the screen was holding her naked breasts up in her hands, the flesh oozing over. Frank leaned in and whispered in Francine's ear. "I bet your tits are bigger and sexier than hers are."
He felt a shiver race through the beautiful mother as she licked her lips nervously. 'Mine ARE bigger; and sexier.' She thought silently, a slight, yet perceivable smile crossing her lips.
Her belly was tumbling, and her body had a strange warm feeling. Blushing, she realized that her nipples were stiffening. The unnerved blonde mother crossed her arms over her chest in an attempt to hide her breasts, so distracted and confused by the evolving situation that she never noticed the clerk aiming his iPhone at her, capturing another picture. This time it was of Frank with his arm around her while they both stared at the huge screen of porn, her mouth upturned in a little smile. *CLICK*
Francine swallowed, and gasped as she stared at the screen. The man was licking and biting at the woman's breasts now. Francine noted with sensual pride that the woman on the screen had smaller areolas than her own, and that her nipples were quite hard as the man licked and bit at them. The woman loosened the man's pants, and the size of the man's cock made Francine gasp. The thing looked huge compared to Stan's.
"Look at that Francine. It looks like she's enjoying having her big tits squeezed and sucked on," Jackson said, as he reached up and unfastened the top button of Francine's bulky sweater. *CLICK* the clerk snapped a picture just before Francine turned and slapped at Jackson's hand.
"What the hell do you think you are doing?" she asked incredulously.
"Hey lady, you're the one who agreed to loosen a few buttons in exchange for your picture." Brown said with irritation.
"Oh, right." Francine conceded as she looked back at the screen, without trying to fasten the button back, and re-crossed her arms under her breasts.
"That guy has a pretty big dick doesn't he, Francine?" Brown said with a smile as he watched her shake her head.
"No, I don't really think so," she lied as she intently watched the porn actors kiss on the screen, their tongues wrestling. As she attempted to ignore Jackson unfastening yet another of her buttons, the clerk once more clandestinely snapped another photo as her upper chest became visible. *CLICK*
Francine's face warmed a few more degrees in lust when she looked at her reflection in a mirror on the wall a few feet away. She saw that her crossed arms had pushed her bulging breasts up, as if presenting her stiff nipples protruding against her sweater and bra to the entire room.
The clerk swiftly moved to within 10 feet and was able to capture more images with his high pixel cell phone camera. *CLICK*
'Oh my gawd! My nipples look sooo hard and sexy right now.' Francine thought to herself. Wanting a better view, she pressed her crossed arms further up under her breasts, forcing them up a bit. 'Uhmmm. Oh yeah, I do look really hot.' She noted.
As Francine discreetly pressed her breasts up, the other two men noticed the state of her nipples as well. "To be honest it looks like that big dick in that video is turnin' you on Mrs. Smith. Your fuckin' nipples look as hard as pebbles!" said Frank as he slipped another button open, exposing a deeper hint of cleavage.
"Mr. Brown's dick is as big as that one in the movie, Mrs. Smith. Why don't you show her, Jerome?"
"Do you want that Francine? Do you wanna see how big my dick is?" Brown asked, already unfastening his belt. Francine watched his dark hands out of slitted eyes as Jackson unfastened a fourth button on her sweater, exposing the center of her bra to the clerk's camera. *CLICK*
As she stared at Brown's crotch Francine instinctively pulled her right arm out from under her breasts and nervously reached up for the right side of her sweater near her neck. Grasping the edge gently, she softly rubbed her thumb back and forth along the material before absentmindedly pulling that side of her sweater open until the last buttons of her sweater pulled taught.
Her cleavage was now fully on display, but for some reason it did not seem like that big a deal to her as she watched Brown toying with his pants button. She could see a large bulge in his pants, and unconsciously began biting her plump lower lip. "Well? You want to see it, Mrs. Smith?" he said again.
As he snapped his pants button open, Francine averted her eyes towards the video screen and gasped once again. The blonde on the screen was now on her knees wrapping her shiny red lips around the young man's fat member. She soon began bobbing her head up and down the giant penis. As Francine stood, looking gap jawed at the screen the clerk fired off several shots, framing her looking right at the screen. *CLICK* *CLICK*
"I bet you got a real sexy bra on, Mrs. Smith. Am I wrong?" Jackson asked from behind her, rubbing her arm and then reaching out and rubbing her taut belly with his fingertips through the thick sweater.
"That's really none of your business," Francine breathed softly, as she found herself looking down at Brown's fat, exposed cock, now sticking straight out. Francine had never seen a black cock in person before. The clerk moved closer again, nearly standing next to Francine.
"You don't mind if I take a quick look at you bra, though, right?" Jackson challenged as Francine became more confused and turned on simultaneously. Realizing most of her bra was already visible, she tried to think through her predicament rationally.
"Uhhmmm. I don't know; only if he goes somewhere else. Somewhere I can't see him; I guess; make him go where I can't see him...or no." she said, looking again at Brown's thick, angry black cock.
Another shiver shook the beautiful woman, and she swallowed as Brown moved quickly to her side. "Here, I have an idea, Mrs. Smith. You won't have to touch, or even look at my cock. But you know you want to feel how big it is; so I'll let you do it without looking at it or touching it,"
The clerk stepped behind and to the side of Brown, snapping photo after photo as Brown's hands glided to Francine's hips and he slipped around behind her, his big cock exposed t the room. *CLICK* *CLICK*
Francine's breath felt hot in her throat, and she was biting her plump lower lip again as Jackson unfastened a fifth button on her sweater, exposing even more of her bra and her perfect, bulging tits. Unable to contain her rapidly increasing lust, Francine gently stuck her chest out further.
"I think I just need to leave; Uhhmmm; ohnnnoo; oh my god. What are you doing?" she gasped, glancing back over her shoulder as she felt Brown grab both of her hips and lower himself. Her right hand slipped from her sweater edge to intuitively grip her bra strap, gently dragging it down a few inches.
Brown was pressing forward, at the same time rising up so that his angry, naked cock was trapped against her skirt and her curvy ass. *CLICK* went the clerks camera.
Brown shifted slightly, and Francine gasped and blushed when she felt the fat cock head settle in between her shuddering soft ass cheeks, protected from his flesh only by the material of her skirt.
From behind, the clerk framed the photo perfectly, with Brown's naked ass shown in contrast to her skirt, with his cock buried in its folds, and Francine staring at the porn filled big screen, Jackson's hand on her shoulder. Fearing he would do more, Francine pulled her hands from beneath her breast and off her bra strap to reach back and grab both of Brown's strong wrists. The motion caused her tits to wobble gently in her bra. *CLICK*
"Don't you worry, Mrs. Smith," Brown said as he leaned forward, his breath hot on her neck. "Watch that chick suck that big fucking cock. I bet you'd like a big cock like that in your pretty little mouth, wouldn't you?" he said.
"What? You've; oh God; don't talk to me that way." Francine gasped, her heart racing as she tried to figure out how things had gotten out of control so fast; and why she was getting so wet between her legs. She began rubbing her thighs together again as she stared at the screen. The young man was now holding onto the blonde's thick hair and moving his hips, driving his fat cock into the young woman's defenseless mouth. Still, the girl seemed to be enjoying it, moaning in between making strangely animal gagging sounds.
Francine tried not to think about the fact that Jackson's skilled fingers had undone another couple of buttons, and that most of her bra was now clearly visible, pushing her big soft, firm tits into even greater prominence and accentuating her bursting cleavage.
"That's a kind of plain looking little bra," Jackson said, flicking another button open. Unable to let go of Brown's wrists, Francine was now powerless to stop Jackson from opening her sweater to her navel. "Your husband would probably appreciate it if you bought a few of ours. But on the good side, it is so small that it really showcases your big fuckin tits."
"Uhhmm. No; God please; I think that's far enough, Mr. Jackson," she said. She wanted to push his hands away, but was afraid of what would happen if she let go of Brown's thick wrists. Despite her holding his wrists, Brown's big hands kept squeezing her ample hips, guiding her and rubbing her plump ass against his huge hard-on. Francine realized she was barely resisting or even protesting any more.
As Jackson smiled and slipped his fingers to the next button, Francine protested weakly. "No, pleassse. You shouldn't unfasten anymore, Mr. Jackson!" There were only two left on the sweater.
"Don't worry, dear. We just can't get a good look at your bra with this sweater on, I think we had better take it all the way off."
"You didn't say you would take it off!" Francine moaned, moving weekly against the two pronged attack taking place, trying desperately to get her head straight.
"Okay, we won't take it off then...we'll just undo all of these buttons."
Abruptly the clerk stepped in front of Francine. Inadvertently pressing the flash button, he aimed his cell phone at her to snap several more photos. *FLASH* Francine's confused and submissive mind took over. First she formed a shockingly lascivious pout *FLASH* and then a provocative smile *FLASH* before she pleaded with a raspy, guttural voice. "What's he doing?"
"Don't worry Mrs. Smith. You're a very beautiful woman and have a beautiful smile. As long as you pose like you're enjoying yourself, we'll give you all of these pictures too." He lied. Francine was becoming more and more confused, and at the same time finding herself strangely aroused at the men's compliments as well as the predicament she had got herself into. She found herself more and more turned on, knowing she was being photographed in such a sexually charged manner.
Francine Smith's memories raced back to college when she had a boyfriend who was a photographer. He had convinced her to enter a wet T-shirt contest on spring break. Later, as they looked at the photographs he had taken as she won the $1000 prize, she became so overpoweringly turned on that she asked him to take more photos of her as she sucked his cock.
She posed like a professional model for over a hundred pictures that documented her that night, from fully clothed, to completely naked and looking into the camera with four inches of cock buried in her mouth. The final shots that night were of her face and tongue covered in cum. She still had the photos, hidden away in her home.
"Let me see the photos Cliff." Jackson demanded of the clerk, breaking the entrancing flashback state she had fallen into. As the clerk turned the phone screen towards Frank, Francine tried to look away, but felt herself inexplicably drawn to look. She became almost hypnotized by what she saw.
'I look so beautiful!' she remarked to herself as she saw the photo of herself standing, seemingly proudly with Jackson's hand on her shoulder, her own hand gripping her bra strap, gently pulling it from her chest.
The next picture made Francine visibly quiver. This one showed Francine licking her lips and looking back over her shoulder, staring down directly at Brown's exposed black cock. Her bra encased tits stuck out of her sweater as her hands were gripping his wrists, appearing to hold his big hands to her hips as he ground his cock into her skirt covered ass.
Instead of revolting the sexy mother of two, the image unleashed years of pent-up wild sexual compulsions that had been repressed. Francine's breathing became more labored as she stared at her image in the photo. "Fuck yes, I look hot." She muttered faintly under her breath before momentarily bringing herself under control.
"No more photos; no more buttons. No more unless; unless Mr. Brown stops. He has to stop doing that, and get out from behind me. Or you can't take any more pictures...and...and I get them all when you're done."
"Sure, of course," Brown said leaning his mouth against her throat. For another long moment he stood grinding his bare, obscenely large black cock into her plump, curvy, silky soft ass. *FLASH* *FLASH* went the camera.
Francine's breath rasped in her throat, and she realized without shame that her pussy was getting very moist and hot, and that her heaving breasts were swollen even more than normal. Her nipples poked out, right under the edge of her bra, pressing out obscenely against the cups. Francine looked seductively into the clerk's camera as Jackson slowly unfastened the last button on her sweater. *FLASH* *FLASH*
As Brown stepped out from behind her, one hand rubbed her arched back, subconsciously giving Francine an excuse to push her chest out further as his other hand slid down her arm. For some reason it seemed perfectly natural to her for his hand to grasp her wrist and guide her small, trembling sweaty hand toward his stiff shaft.
He pushed her palm against his hot cock just as Francine looked back at the screen to see another man walk into the scene, kneel down next to the other woman and began rubbing and caressing her lush body. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
One hand squeezed, rubbed and slapped the actress's big breasts, and the other slipped between her legs. There was a close-up of the woman's clean shaved pussy, and then the man was inserting two fingers into the woman's obviously wet snatch.
'Oh God. Her pussy looks so sexy, shaved like that. I think maybe I should shave mine.' decided Francine with a wicked smile, just vaguely aware of Brown forcing her slim fingers around his fat shaft. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine softly tugged at her hand, but did not say anything as Brown began forcing it up and down his fat cock. She tried to stop her trembling, and realized that she was starting to sweat as well. The man's cock felt huge in her small hand, and was as hard as a piece of wood. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine pursed her lips and began to casually tug her hand up and down his shaft. "God damn, he feels sooo stiff and fat in my hand." She thought as she ran her fist up and down his cock.
Jackson reached up and spread the halves of her sweater completely apart. *FLASH* Francine continued to ignore what the men were doing to her as he pulled the ends of the sweater behind her back and fastened the bottom button, holding it in place. She watched the screen intently out of wide eyes as the two actors took turns grabbing the woman's hair and fucking their cocks in and out of her gasping, slurping mouth.
'That is so fucking HOT!' Francine reflected, all too aware of the fact that the three men in the room were not watching the hot scene on the TV. Instead, they were all staring at her, enthralled with her beauty and sexuality. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Fully aware of the sight of her big breasts as they shuddered softly, her little bra pushing them up and out obscenely, Francine could feel herself blushing uncontrollably. Her belly was slightly rounded, and her hips just began flaring out where her skirt covered them. Jackson reached out and drew his fingers along her belly in a soft, slow circular motion.
"Umm, I..." she gasped softly, conscious that Brown was now rubbing her arm at her elbow. He was no longer holding her hand to his cock, as she continued sliding her fist up and down his fat shaft. *FLASH*
"I don't know how this has happened," she said, her voice soft and trembling. She stopped moving her hand, but did not let go of his cock. Instead, she looked down and gripped the bulbous head in her hand, moaning softly when she felt a wetness oozing into her palm and fingers.
"Uhhmmmm." *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* She squeezed his cock head and shuddered softly, barely able to catch her breath. In a daze, she felt Jackson take her left hand and guide it to his crotch until he was pressing her limp hand against the huge bulge in his pants. His stiff dick felt every bit as hard and big as Brown's.
"Nooo! This is probably not a good idea," Francine said softly, looking between the men, but not pulling either of her hands away. *FLASH* *FLASH*
"That bra is really small, Mrs. Smith. It really shows off your big sexy tits!" Brown said. "I bet it's really soft." "Umm; please; I don't like it when you talk that way to me." Francine lied as she pushed her chest out and clumsily began rubbing her thighs together. Her hand was getting slick with Brown's precum, as she slid back to the base of his straining meat. She could barely fit her fingers around the root. *FLASH*
Francine swallowed, and licked her lips. "Fuccccck" she moaned faintly, quickly losing control of her actions. *FLASH* Her left hand stayed pressed against Jackson's crotch, rubbing softly as Brown lifted her breast in his palm just slightly, the sheer volume of her tit meat spilling over the top of her bra. *FLASH* *FLASH*
"That little bra of yours feels really good. You should feel how soft this is Jackson. You don't mind, do you, Mrs. Smith?" Brown grinned down at her evilly. Trying feebly to ignore his onslaught, Francine was once again watching the screen. *FLASH* The two men on the TV now had the girl bent over the desk, and they were both fucking her, one from each end.
"So what are you Francine, 36D?" Jackson asked as he rubbed her nipple through the soft bra cup.
"Oh God; Uhhmmm; I'm 38DD," she gasped finally, radiating with uncertain pride.
"Very impressive!" Jackson grinned as he reached up to cup her other big breast. He raised his hand so casually she did not even know what he was going to do until he cupped her heavy breast lightly in his palm.
Francine was now breathing heavily though her mouth. She knew she should push the men's hands away from her swollen, throbbing breasts, but her hands remained frozen on their stiff cocks. Francine did not object as the men began rolling her heaving breast around on her chest with increasing force. *FLASH* in fact she matched their pace as she began rubbing their cocks more vigorously.
Jackson reached inside her skimpy bra cup without warning and pulled her breast out by her hard nipple, tugging it and twisting on it.
"Oh! Uhmmmm; nooo; oh gawd; please." Francine moaned as she felt Jackson's other hand at the back of her skirt. All three men stood in shock when Francine suddenly slapped Jackson's hand away from her skirt. As she looked from man to man with a staid look, they suddenly had visions of a dream situation turned to nightmare.
Soon her unsmiling expression soon melted into one of raw sensuality. The hot wife and mother of two reached behind her back and flipped the little catch on her skirt before drawing the zipper down, all while the men played eagerly with her now fully exposed, bobbling tits. She brought her hands back to press and rub their hard cocks. *FLASH*
"You really like the feel of these stiff fuckin cocks in your little hand, don't you Mrs. Smith? I think you can't stop now." Brown said.
Francine had loosened her skirt enough that it had begun to slide down her shapely waist. She bit her trembling bottom lip as she sensually shimmied her hips back and forth, gently sending her skirt to puddle at her feet. *FLASH* *FLASH* Lifting first one and then the other foot, she stepped out of the skirt.
*FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* went the cell phone camera as Francine posed seductively for the men, standing in just her panties with her bra pulled down under her tits, pushing them up seductively.
*FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* went the camera as Francine stroked the two hard cocks, smiling. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
"Are these going to be good enough poses for me to get the photos back?" She asked the men with a smirk as the clerk circled her twice, taking pictures of her indecently exposed body and beautiful face from all angles as she stroked the two cocks. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine was once again squeezing their cock heads, enjoying the fact that they had pried both of her tits from the cups of her bra and were teasing her stiff nipples. The men were squeezing intensely, their big, thick fingers sinking into the pliant flesh. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Her head spun as Brown pushed Francine Smith to her knees. "What? What do you want me to do?" she asked, looking up innocently, licking her lips as her right hand continued stroking the base of his thick cock, her left hand bracing herself against his thigh. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
"I just wanna see how much of my cock you can get in your pretty little mouth, Mrs. Smith. I think you do to, don't you?"
"Uhmmmm, yummy." Francine replied, running the tip of her tongue across her upper lip.
As Jackson slipped down beside her, he reached up and cupped one of her breasts hanging out of her bra. "Well, if you don't mind, while he sticks his cock in your mouth, you are going to have to let me feel how soft your panties are, Mrs. Smith," he said in a soft voice. "That is, if you want that picture back," He laughed as he pushed his tongue into her ear and squeezed her heaving breast strongly, roughly pinching her nipple.
"Okay, you can feel my panties for a little bit, you dirty man. But just for a minute; and only if he takes some more pictures." Francine gasped, looking towards the clerk. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*. She was holding herself away from Brown's monster cock, not letting go. *FLASH* She shut her eyes as Jackson's left hand slipped from her proud, heaving breast down her curved belly and finally slipped onto her cotton panties, cradling her furry brown pubic mound deliciously.
His thick fingers began rubbing, very lightly at first. Francine bit her lower lip and let out a long breath as his fingers began pushing her cotton panties up into her wet, pouting cunt lips. "You feel all wet under there, Mrs. Smith. You're not enjoying yourself, are you?" Jackson asked knowingly. *FLASH* *FLASH* His hand moved slightly, and as though by magic he was rubbing the smooth, wet silk over Francine's throbbing, swollen clitoris.
She felt her eyes crossing, and could not help but lean forward slightly, stopping only when she realized that Brown's hot cock head was rubbing against her cheek. "Uh God; Uhmmm." *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* He reached down and began playing with her naked boobs again, and it was just one more set of mixed signals emanating from her supple, glowing body.
Jackson moved behind Francine and pushed her knees apart about a foot with his feet before reaching between her legs. His left hand rolled and pinched her clit as Francine became aware that with his right hand he had slipped her panties to one side and was rubbing two large, thick fingers directly into her wet, pouting hairy pussy lips. *FLASH* *FLASH*
"Oh God! YES! Stick your fingers in me!" she gasped sharply at the feel of Jackson's fingertips invading her tight, ultra-wet snatch. *FLASH*
"There, there, dear. Here, this will help," Brown said as he gripped her hair in two handfuls and moved her head. She still had hold of his stiff cock, but as Jackson's fingers became bolder on her naked pussy, pushing further and further inside her tightness, it seemed to make some kind of weird sense that Brown would start rubbing his leaking cock head on her plump, pouting lips.
"There you go, Mrs. Smith, this'll distract you from what that mean old Mr. Jackson is doing. Just open up a bit," he said as he began thrusting softly against her plump lips. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine felt his cock bump her lips, and then push them aside and bump her teeth. She simply allowed her jaw to sag open the next time so that his big, bulbous, lemon shaped head slipped inside the pouting ring of her perfect lips. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine tightened her grip on Brown's thigh. She didn't really know what to expect, and he was right, having a huge, pulsing hot throbbing cock head leaking pre-cum onto her writhing tongue was certainly distracting her from the fact that Jackson was now actively thrusting his two fingers in and out of her stretched pussy. *FLASH* *FLASH*
As his other hand finally worked its way under panties and began flicking and rubbing her naked clit, Francine raised her right knee off the ground and put her foot flat on the floor. The semi kneeling stance willingly opened her married pussy to Jackson's finger fuck attack. *FLASH* *FLASH**FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine moaned softly around Brown's fat cock. She realized it had a rather nice taste, and then blushed prettily when she realized she was now swaying her hips in time with Jackson's hands. As she looked to the camera wielding clerk she began to slurp loudly at the cock meat trapped in her mouth. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
Mr. Brown began moving his hands, guiding her sucking and slurping mouth up and down the first three, *FLASH* then four, *FLASH* then five inches of his straining meat. *FLASH*
Francine grunted and moaned. She was dimly aware of the fact that Brown was now casually holding her head still while he thrust his hips. Her whole body was going to explode soon! Jackson's fingers were fucking her good now. He had two fingers inside her, with two more fingers sliding along the outside of her slit and across her swollen clit at each thrust, his other hand kneading one firm tit while Francine pulled on her other nipple. *FLASH*
Brown was now bumping into the back of her throat on a regular basis. The spit and pre-cum was oozing from her mouth as she shuddered into the biggest orgasm of her life. *FLASH* *FLASH*
She swallowed Brown's thick sperm without a second thought as she shook and moaned, all the while slurping at his meat until he finally had to pull away from her. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine was barely aware that they had somehow stripped off her panties and shoes, so all she had left on was her bra, still tucked up under her bobbling breasts. She somehow got to her feet, and blinked at the sight of Jackson, now naked. He was thickly built, and more muscular than she would have guessed.
"I've got to get dressed and go now," she said feebly, staring at his cock. It was also a giant, at least seven inches long.
"Not so fast, Mrs. Smith, come here a minute," he said as he pulled her over to the couch. He sat down and pulled her down, facing him. He grabbed her hips, and before Francine fully realized what was happening he had lifted her slightly, shifted himself underneath her and pulled her down smoothly. Four inches of his fat, angry cock slid into her pussy before she became too tight. *FLASH* *FLASH*
"Jesus, that pussy feels fuckin' tight, Mrs. Smith," he said softly. "Your husband must not have a very big dick." He smirked as she looked at him without defending her husband's honor. "Here, don't move and I'll take care of everything." he said, and then he began moving under her, sliding his thick boner into her wet pulsing snatch a bit more at each thrust, roughly twisting her nipples as she slid down his cock. *FLASH* *FLASH*
"Oh...uhn...uhnnn...nooooo...please...oh your fuckin dick is so fuckin big...OHNNNNNNN...UHHHHHHHHHHHH," *FLASH* *FLASH* Francine Smith shuddered into another orgasm as Jackson finally slid his massive boner all the way into her dripping tight snatch. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Jackson ground into her with a circular motion, and then fucked her hard. His loins slapping into hers as she gasped and shuddered on top of him. When he felt her hips raising and lowering of their own accord, he slipped his hands up, cupped her breasts and began licking and chewing on the fantastic mounds. *FLASH* *FLASH* She was the most gorgeous woman the two men had ever snared, and by what incredible luck! *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine thought about the fact that she was a married mother of two, willingly fucking herself on this strange man's cock while he licked and bit at her swollen, soft titties. She had eagerly sucked two strange cocks, and was getting off even more by the clerk taking hard core photos of her in action. She bit her lip and shut her eyes, enjoying the men's harsh words and laughs, embracing her newly rediscovered sexuality.
She rocked into another thunderous orgasm, her curvy body writhing and jerking on Jackson's hard cock. *FLASH* "FUCK YEAH, MOTHER FUCKERS!" she called out loudly. *FLASH* *FLASH*
She blinked as he pushed her off of him and onto Brown, who was now sitting next to them. "Now, this is the last thing we'll show you today, Francine," he said, grabbing her by the hips and positioning her so that she was sitting on his lap but facing away from him. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine's eyes fluttered wildly as Jackson was suddenly standing directly in front of her. Without saying anything, he grabbed her hair with one hand, a swinging breast with the other and guided her gasping mouth to his bulbous, wet cock head. *FLASH*
"Clean your pussy juice off my cock, Mrs. Smith. It's just manners, after all," he said.
"I'll do whatever you want. Just don't get it in my hair." Francine replied, unable to stop herself from giving in. Opening her mouth wide, Brown bounced her up and down his cock. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine instinctively leaned forward as Jackson began thrusting softly into her mouth. Just like the woman in the film, Francine was being bounced between the two men, impaled at once on two giant pricks. She thought about how easily these two men had turned her back into a slut, and then she could not think of anything as she thundered into yet one more orgasm. *FLASH* *FLASH*
As the two men doubled Francine, the clerk decided that since he wasn't getting any of her wild pussy, this might be a good time to go through her purse and get a reward for himself. His eyes opened wide and he nearly vomited when he found her protest ID badge.
Printed across the top were the words "Wives of the CIA Auxiliary: Spies and Assassins Bureau". 'Holy fuck!' He thought, with a look of terror in his eyes. 'This gal is married to a killer.' He quickly walked up behind Francine and showed the badge over her bobbing head to Jackson, whose cock instantly deflated in her mouth.
Twenty minutes later Francine Smith walked out the front door of the store, smiling broadly. As she sat in her SUV, cooling the car and preparing to leave she beamed proudly.
"Wow, what a day. I get to take home for keeps all of those super-hot pictures the clerk took of me, and the clerk even gave me his iPhone rather than just delete the photos. What was that about?" she smiled. "I watched as they deleted the original file from the computer, and on top of that, they gave me a $5000 cash donation for the CIA Women's Auxiliary."
Francine stopped her thought in mid-sentence, put a finger to her lips and smiled a devious smile when she realized she needed $4000 for her muffin Kiosk in the Mall. "That is, I mean they made a $1000 cash donation to the CIA Women's Auxiliary, if I just promised to never talk about this afternoon to anyone, and never come back to their store again."
With that, Francine drove off, a newly reborn woman, excitedly thinking about what her future held.