That night in bed, Alex scooted over next to me and spooned in right behind my body – reaching over me to cup one of my tiny breasts in his hand while he pushed his hips up against mine.
"Can I ask you something?" Alex asked softly.
I reached up to press his hand lovingly against my breast. "Uh huh." I answered.
"Would you really want to do that stuff you were fantasizing about?" He asked. "You know, with Deb and Dale?"
"Are you asking hypothetically?" I replied. "Or, do you mean for real?"
"For real, I guess." Alex said.
I rolled over to face him and reached for his hand to put it back on my breast. Then, pausing for just a few seconds, I answered him.
"I'm not interested in any other man, if that's what you're asking, Sweetheart." I began. "But, I'd be okay having a little fun with them as long as we both wanted it and we did it together. You know, as a couple."
I went on to tell him I could see the longing in Deb's eyes when he was masturbating in front of her the other night in the hot tub. The way she watched him and encouraged him to stroke himself made it apparent to me she was definitely interested in his cock. Then I told him how I noticed Dale looking at him, too, and he seemed to be just an interested as Deb was.
"There's no question in my mind at all, Sweetheart." I added. "They were both turned on watching you jack off. I'm absolutely sure of it."
I kept on, carefully laying more groundwork for the secret plan Deb and I were scheming. I told him the more I thought about it, the more obvious it was that they both wanted him. I reminded him about all the bisexual stories he told me from his past, and then, it wasn't long before I put two and two together and started thinking about seeing him and Deb, and, him and Dale together. I don't think he was shocked because I've told him numerous times how much I'd love to watch him with another man. So in a way, it was all very plausible. Logically, the way I explained it, it all made perfect sense.
"Think about it, Sweetheart. Guys like the idea of watching two girls together." I added, matter-of-factly. "Is it that hard for you to believe I'd enjoy watching two guys touching and sucking each other?"
"Yeah, I get what you're saying." He answered. "But, where did you come up with the idea of letting Dale get inside your ass?"
"It was just a fantasy, Sweetheart." I replied. "I like it when you're in me back there, but, let's face it, you're pretty big and I'm kind of small. I figure the odds of him being smaller than you are pretty good, so..... you know....."
"And you were thinking if he had a smaller cock, he could fuck your butt more comfortably? Like, while I fucked his wife?" Alex asked. "Is that it? Everybody fucking each other?"
"I guess so," I answered, "but, not at the same time. I actually think it would be more fun to watch each other. You know...... you and Dale, and then you and Deb. Then, let you guys watch Dale and me."
I told him I wasn't exactly sure I'd want another man in my pussy. "I think that's entirely up to you." I said. "But, I honestly wouldn't mind seeing how a smaller cock felt in my bottom."
I let my words sink in for a few moments and then I straight out asked him if he could see himself playing with Dale's cock and sucking him. When he didn't answer for a few seconds, I reached down between us to feel for his cock and found his cock was hard. Gently, I wrapped my fingers around his shaft and told him he could be honest with me.
"If I was absolutely sure you wouldn't ever hold it over my head, and, it would never come back to haunt me, then yes." Alex answered. "I think I probably could."
"What if I told you it would never change the way I feel about you, Sweetheart? I asked. "Would that help?"
I started to tenderly pull on his cock as we lay there, close together in the darkness of our bedroom. I moved a little closer to him and started giving him little kisses on his shoulder and up and down his arm.
"You'd really like to see me playing with him and sucking on him?" Alex asked. "Sally, you have to tell me the truth now."
I spent the next five minutes being as honest and as convincing as I possibly could. In all the times I've told him this, maybe he never really listened to me, or maybe he thought I was kidding. But, I didn't leave any question in his mind this time. I made it crystal clear that I'd very much enjoy seeing him and Dale do things to each other. In fact, I told him even if he did it just to please me, I'd accept it as a wonderful and thoughtful gift.
At that point, I felt like I'd given him enough to think about. Between the things I said to him earlier when he spanked me, and what we'd just talked about, there couldn't be any doubt in his mind that I wanted to see him and Dale together, and I was fine with him and Deb sucking and fucking, too.
The next morning, I called Deb to see if she'd made any progress on our plan with Dale. I told her Alex and I talked about the possibilities of a four way together with her and Dale, and how Alex seemed to be okay with the idea of it.
"Yeah," Deb agreed, laughing, "I talked to Dale last night, too, and he's chomping at the bit to see Alex's big penis pumping away inside me. But, I didn't agree or commit to anything, Sally."
"Did he say anything about what he'd like to do with Alex?" I asked.
Deb went into detail, telling me everything Dale told her. I was elated to hear that Dale wanted to have full and equal access to my fiancé's cock as part of Alex and Deb being together. As she explained it, Dale saw it more of a three-way, with the three of them equally touching and playing with each other, even while Alex was fucking Deb.
"I think Dale's biggest fear is that he doesn't want Alex to think he's gay." Deb added. "Believe me, he's not. So, as long as either you or I are involved in whatever they do together, I think he'll be comfortable doing everything he's been dreaming about."
I understood exactly what Deb meant, and I know Alex probably had a little bit of the same hesitation. It's much easier for girls to be together because there's not much stigma attached to it. But, guys are funny about stuff like that. Their pride and need to appear macho all the time keeps them from doing things they might actually like. Fortunately for me, though, Alex had already had a couple of bisexual experiences in his life and honestly enjoyed them. But, if either Dale or Alex needed Deb or me to play along with them so they wouldn't seem blatantly gay to each other that was fine with me. Believe me, I'd be more than happy to play along side the two guys – to gently lead them and help them along. And, the more I thought it, the more I thought it was the perfect way to go.
"It sounds like we're off to a good start." I said to Deb. "You keep working on Dale and I'll keep working on Alex. Let's check in with each other at the end of the week to see where we're at."
As I hung up, I smiled to myself knowing our grand scheme was actually coming together. Both Dale and Alex seemed to be interested and willing to talk about it, so, all Deb and I needed to do was keep them talking and keep them thinking until one of them said they definitely wanted to do something.
I let Alex be the one to bring it up the next three days and he did exactly that. He brought it up constantly, throwing out 'for instance' situations and asking me what I thought about them. Each time, I'd agree or encourage him as long as it moved us toward the goal Deb and I wanted. I was extremely clear about two things, though.
First, I was intentional about using explicit words like, "sucking his cock" and "him sucking your cock". I felt it was important for me to keep putting that idea forward as an expectation and an eventual happening.
Secondly, I kept reinforcing the understanding that whatever happened between the four of us, none of it would affect our relationship as a couple. Anything we did would be just for fun, and as such, he had my complete permission to do whatever he wanted to do with Deb, and of course, Dale.
On Friday, I woke him up early by sucking his morning erection slowly, and slobbering all over his cock just the way he likes me to do. I looked up into his eyes as I sucked him, stopping to smile at him and then drawing his cock back into my mouth and sucking him some more. I kept his shaft wet as I skimmed my little hands up and down his hardness while I sucked around the crown of his cock ever so slowly, trying my best to drive him to the brink of orgasm.
"Is this how you're gonna suck Dale's cock?" I asked him, pulling his erection from between my lips. "Or, are you going to take it all in your mouth at one time?" I looked up at him and we both snickered. I'm sure he didn't know it, but I said it just that way so he'd have the confidence, and feel empowered to do it, when the time came.
After Alex left for work that morning, I called Deb. She was absolutely beside herself, giddy with news and excitement. Apparently, they'd done some role playing the night before where Dale used one of Deb's lifelike dildos on her. Dale took great pleasure pushing it in and out of her vagina while they pretended it was Alex's cock. He'd push the dildo deep into her vagina and then pull it out of her and suck the dildo all the way into his mouth. Dale made a big show of it, cleaning off all her juices and then he'd push it back inside her again, fuck her with it, and then pull it out and suck it. Deb said it was amazingly hot and now, more than ever, she was eager to see her what her husband was willing to do if the boys got together.
When Alex got home after work, I met him at the door and smothered him with kisses and handed him a cold beer. He helped me make dinner and once we'd eaten and cleaned the kitchen up, we wandered back to our bedroom and he helped me change the sheets on the bed and gather up the laundry. As we snuggled next to each other that night, he asked me if I'd shave my pussy smooth while he was out golfing the next day with Dale, and of course, I said I would. I do try to keep it shaved, but, with a few days of growth down there, I think it was a little prickly, so I didn't think much about his request.
I got up early with him Saturday morning, dressed only in the same pair of bikini panties I wore the day before, and to bed last night. I took great pains to show my panties off that morning – bending and stretching in front of him so he could see between my legs. I knew he'd end up getting hard and maybe his arousal would carry over while he drove to Dale's house to pick him up for golfing.
After he left our apartment, I decided to try to get some laundry done and clean the kitchen. I got careless and spilled a whole bottle of cooking oil on the kitchen floor and ended up spending a good three hours cleaning that mess up and mopping the floor, twice. I hadn't even taken my shower when Alex returned from his golf game.
"Honey......" He called out loudly, as he walked in. "Deb and Dale invited us over for dinner. Is that okay?"
It was only three in the afternoon, but he said we were invited to go over early, hang out for a while, and then have dinner.
"I guess that's fine." I answered, thinking it would give me a chance to check in with Deb about our plan. "I still need to get in the tub, shave up and wash my hair. Is that alright?"
"That's fine." He replied. "I need to shower, too, so we can just go once you're ready."
That being said, I went into the hall bathroom to get in the tub and get started. I heard Alex turn the water on in the other bathroom for his shower and then went to work shaving my pussy, my pits and my legs. As I was washing my hair, I wondered if Alex and Dale said anything to each other about the four-way we'd been talking about.
When I got out of the bathroom, I walked naked into the bedroom with a towel around my head to find Alex looking through my lingerie drawer.
"Where's that yellow bra and panty set you have?" Alex asked, looking up at me.
He was referring to the sheer mesh bra and panties I bought a year or so back. We'd seen them at a store and he begged me to get them. They were really sheer, and I mean completely sheer. The panties were completely see-through, only having a very small piece of cotton material in the crotch and the bra was nothing but see through mesh material and elastic straps.
I helped him find them, and told him with a smile I'd wear them tonight. He gave me an appreciative look as I laid them on the bed and went into the bathroom to dry my hair. When I was done, I went out to the bedroom to discover Alex had laid one of my shortest skirts on the bed next to the lingerie he wanted me to wear. The skirt wasn't indecently short, but, it was short. I had a nice top I could wear with it, so without bothering to question or argue, I got dressed and found Alex in the kitchen waiting for me.
"Damn." He said, looking up at me. "You look pretty hot."
"Is the skirt too short?" I asked. "Should I change into something else?"
"Hell no! That's perfect." He said, walking over to hug me and run his hand up the front of my legs and directly into my crotch. "Maybe you should leave the panties at home."
"Not with a skirt this short!" I said, giggling. "I don't think Deb would appreciate that."
"Yeah, you're probably right." He chuckled back. "I bet Dale would, though."
As we drove, Alex kept his hand on my thigh, gently caressing my smooth skin and occasionally creeping his hand up my leg until his fingers were touching the skimpy panties under my short skirt. I spread my legs a little to let him have his fun, and when I did, he took advantage of the opportunity by stroking up and down my freshly shaven pussy lips and grinning over at me.
We made small talk as he drove, and before I knew it, we were pulling up into Deb's drive way and shutting off the car. When Deb opened the front door for us, I was gratified to see she was wearing a skirt, too – a short one. Not nearly as short as mine was, but, short enough to be called short. I wondered if the boys put their heads together while they were golfing and decided on short skirts for both of us. And, for that matter, I had to wonder if Deb had sexy lingerie on, too.
Dale came down their stairs as we stood in their entry way, gave Alex a slap on the back and did the fist bump with him. Seeing them act like this made an impression on me, especially knowing they'd eventually be touching each other's erect cock and perhaps even sucking them.
"I got the roast started late." Deb said, as we all followed her into their kitchen. "So, we'll probably have dinner later than we planned..... probably gonna be at least a couple of hours."
"That's fine." I answered. "We're not in any hurry. Maybe Dale can make some of his famous margaritas."
"Oh, you better be careful there!" Dale chimed in. "I'll make some, but, remember what happened the last time we had margaritas!"
We all laughed and I saw Deb glance over at me. I gave her a knowing smile and she nodded back to me. We lingered in their kitchen; Alex went over to watch Dale make his margaritas and I wandered over next to Deb and leaned against the counter with her as we watched the guys. Once I was sure the guys were totally consumed in the engineering of the margaritas, I leaned over to Deb and asked her if Dale had said any more about the four-way.
"It's the only thing he's been talking about." Deb whispered.
I looked up at Deb with a serious look on my face and asked, "You think they're ready to talk about it with all of us together?"
Deb's eyes shot open and we looked at each other. She started to giggle, and then we both cracked up, laughing out loud so hard the boys turned to see what we were laughing at. If only they knew......
Once Dale had poured up the margaritas, Deb suggested we relax in their living room, so we all followed her in there. Deb and Dale sat on their couch and Alex and I sat on a love seat across from them. I saw Dale's eyes try to look up my skirt when I sat down, but, I think I crossed my legs quick enough so he didn't see anything.
We had some chit-chat for a few minutes, but, when the discussion died down for a moment, Alex cleared his throat and began to speak.
"Look," he began, "since we've got some time before dinner will be ready, maybe this is a good time for me to bring this up......"
We all turned to look at Alex. I had no idea what he was going to say, but as I looked at Deb, I think we both hoped he might be getting ready to say something about the four-way.
"Last Monday," Alex said, "we had a bit of a problem at the apartment stemming from what happened in the hot tub the last time we were here."
"A problem?" Dale asked. "Don't tell me you guys had a fight over something as silly as that."
"No," Alex answered, "but, I think Sally ought to explain exactly what happened. She owes the two of you an apology."
I was immediately taken by surprise, and I turned to give Alex a firm look. Everyone was looking at me, waiting for me to say something.
"Uh.... it was nothing, really." I stammered, trying to pass it off. "Don't worry about it."
"Sally." Alex said. "I want you tell them the whole story - why you were punished and then apologize for involving them."
"Involving us?" Deb asked. "In what?"
I leaned over to Alex and whispered to him, "What are you doing?"
Alex leaned away and crossed his arms over his chest. "Sally, I'm not kidding." He said. "I want you to explain to them what you did, why you were punished and tell them you're sorry."
I could feel myself starting to blush as Deb and Dale looked right at me. I make it a point never to argue with Alex, especially in front of others, but, I couldn't do what he was asking. I just couldn't. It would be way too embarrassing for me.
"Do the right thing and tell them what you did so I can finish your punishment." Alex said to me. "Then, we'll have our dinner and it'll be over and done with."
"Please, Alex." I said, trying to act calm. "We can discuss this when we get home."
"No, we can't." He answered. "You agreed that I could finish your spanking anytime I wanted. That was the deal we made."
"Sweetheart, please." I begged, turning my body toward him and reaching out to grasp his hand. "You can't be serious. Not here. Not in front of them."
"Sally, I'm not going to ask you again." Alex replied. "Please do as I've asked, or, it'll be much worse. You gave me your word you'd cooperate when the time came, remember?"
"Yes, yes, I remember." I said, panicking. "But, I was talking about at home.... at our apartment. Not here."
Alex sat there with a solemn look on his face and didn't say a word. After a second, he uncrossed his arms, looked at his watch and then at me. I knew I had to do something quick – I was running out of time.
"Alright." I said, turning to face Deb and Dale. "I guess I do probably owe you an apology. You've been so gracious to us..... had us over for dinner and Dale's been a good friend to Alex, and I do feel bad about this......."
"After what happened in the hot tub," I continued, "with my top coming off and Alex, you know...... masturbating in front of you, my imagination got the best of me and I started fantasizing thinking about all that."
"It's kind of funny, actually." I went on, adding in a little laugh hoping it would lighten things up. "I started thinking about the look Deb had on her face when Alex was masturbating in front of her, and I started fantasizing that she wanted to reach out and feel Alex's penis...... and then have sex with him. That's all."
I was hoping Deb and Dale would laugh, but, they were sitting across from me with the look of complete and utter shock on their faces. I sort of expected Deb to jump in right here to help me out, but she didn't make a move or say a word.
"That's not all, Sally." Alex said. "Tell them the rest. All of it."
I turned to look at Alex and I didn't see one ounce of compassion in his eyes.
"So, then," I continued, "I was remembering the way Dale was watching Alex play with himself, and as I said, my imagination got away from me...... and I started thinking how cool it would be if Dale wanted to touch Alex's penis......"
"I can see this isn't working." Alex said, interrupting me in mid-sentence.
"She told me she fantasized about me having sex with Deb in front of her and Dale," Alex interjected for me, "and that Deb was writhing in pleasure, moaning 'Fuck me, fuck me'. Sally told me in her fantasy, she actually wanted me to fuck Deb and didn't do a single thing to stop me."
I felt my face turn beet red and my cheeks started to swell and feel warm. I looked over at the shocked look on Deb and Dale's faces. They seemed truly dazed, and when Deb looked right at me, I hunched my shoulders as if to ask her to say something to help me out.
"She even fantasized that Dale and I did things to each other." Alex continued, turning to Dale and speaking right to him. "She said she played with herself to the vision of us touching each other and sucking each other's cocks. But, that's not the worst of it......" Alex said, "She fantasized that Dale fucked her in her ass while Deb and I watched."
I could no longer bear to look at Dale and Deb. My head was down and I was staring at the carpet under my feet. Deb made no attempt to save me and I was hurt that she abandoned and betrayed me, especially after all the discussion we had about setting up the four-way. To make matters worse, my own fiancé – the man I was going to marry - had outed me in front our friends, and I felt completely alone.
When Alex stopped speaking, there was nothing but silence in the room. The only sounds were the light sounds of my breathing as I sat there in shock, humiliation and misery.
"I'm disappointed in you, Sally." Alex said to me. "I gave you several chances to tell them what you did, and you didn't tell the whole truth. You even tried to make a joke out of it. You obviously don't respect their friendship, and you probably don't deserve it."
I couldn't gather the courage to turn and look at Alex. I was confused and heartbroken. All I wanted to do was get out of there..... disappear and go away.
Alex stood up next to me and reached down for my hand. I didn't fight him, but when he started to pull me up off the love seat, I raised my face to look up at him and silently plead for this to stop.
"You really leave me no choice." He said, pulling me over to stand in front of Deb and Dale. "Take your shoes off."
It only took an instant for his words to reverberate in my head, and I immediately turned to him as tears began to swell up in my eyes. "Alex, please don't do this. Please.... I'm begging you. Anything else, but not this."
He turned away from me just long enough to walk a few steps and reach down to pick up a large ottoman that was placed to the side of their couch and he set it down next to me. When he rose back up, he put his hands on his hips and looked down at my feet and then back up at me.
I did as he asked without looking back at him, reaching down slightly to pull my flats off my feet and letting them fall to the carpet. He bent down to pick them up and set them on the love seat where we'd been sitting a few minutes ago.
"Skirt next." He said.
As soon as he said it, I immediately felt crushed and knew where all this was headed. As hard as it was to accept, I could only pray that Alex would be compassionate enough to allow me to keep my bra and panties on while he spanked me. Surely, he wouldn't make me undress completely..... not his fiancé.... not the woman he was supposed to love. But, as I reached for the zipper at the side of my skirt, I remembered that I was wearing the see-through lingerie and I realized that even if Alex let me keep my bra and panties on, Deb and Dale would be able to see right through them. My completely hairless slit..... my nipples..... everything was going to be totally exposed for them to see.
Like a zombie, I pulled the zipper of my skirt all the way down while I held the waistband up and looked at Alex. I prayed he'd change his mind and wouldn't make me take it off. But, he nodded his head slightly and reached forward to my hips and pulled my skirt away from my body and let it fall to my feet.
Even though I was wearing panties, I felt naked. I knew Deb and Dale could see right through the flimsy material and would have no trouble seeing the freshly shaven slit between my legs. Standing only a few feet in front of them, I'm sure they didn't have to look very hard to see my pussy. And, as their eyes finally came to rest between my legs, I became extremely embarrassed because I knew how exposed I was.
Alex bent down to pick up my skirt, and as he did, I lifted one foot and then the other, so he could pick up and fold my short skirt and lay it on the love seat with my shoes.
"Take your top off, Sally." Alex told me.
A tear fell down my cheek as I looked at him. I had already accepted the fact that my skirt had to come off so he could spank me, that was already bad enough. There really wasn't any reason that my top had to come off, though. For a moment, I thought about asking him why, but, I decided that might hurt my chances of being able to keep my panties on during my spanking, so I kept my mouth shut.
I was in agony as I wiggled my arms out through the arm holes and was able to get my top off without messing my hair up, but that left me standing in front of Deb and Dale in my sheer bra and panties, with my most private parts on display. I realize I'd taken my top off in their hot tub, but, we'd been drinking, the light was subdued and it had been done in fun. Now though, this wasn't fun, we weren't drinking, and I was extremely embarrassed to be standing in front of our friends like a bad little girl being who was being subjected to corporal punishment in front of the adults.
I couldn't look at them anyone. My face was flushed and the blush from it had spread noticeably down my neck to my chest. My nipples were poking out through the mesh cups of the bra, and as Dale's eyes scanned my body, he stopped for a second to see my distended nipples and looked up at me, eager to see more.
"Now the bra." Alex said, calmly. "Take it off and hand it to me."
I clearly remember telling Alex how I'd love to be stripped and spanked in front of his friends. It was one of my fantasies, but, something I figured would never happen. It was okay for that fantasy to be nasty and humiliating because I never once thought he'd really do it. In that fantasy, I was made to undress myself while his friends watched, something that added to my embarrassment and humiliation. It was one thing to be undressed by force, or, undressed by someone else – but, the idea of being made to voluntarily undress myself while others watched me was, in my mind, the ultimate of humiliation.
There was a soft ringing in my ears as I reached back to unclasp the flimsy bra. I took a deep breath as I undid the catch, and then quickly raised my hands to hold the cups in place against my miniature boobs.
I looked up into Alex's eyes hoping he would see the pain I was in, but, he only held his hand out, saying, "Give me the bra, Sally."
Reluctantly, I lowered my hands and let the bra slide down my arms and he took it from me. I almost reached up to cover my petite breasts, but, there was no reason to at this point. My nipples were as hard as little rocks and they could all see it. There was no point to hiding them now and I was still holding out hope that Alex would let me keep my panties on, so I lowered my hands to my side and stood there in front of Deb and Dale with my less than A-cup breasts on display.
"Now, do what I asked you to do and apologize to Deb and Dale." Alex said to me. "Make eye contact with them and tell them you're sorry for using them to fuel your fantasy and masturbate. Tell them you deserve to be punished and you want them to watch you take your spanking."
I closed my eyes, trying to find the strength to raise my head and look at Deb and Dale to do as Alex asked. I knew if I delayed too much, that might make Alex angry with me, so I did it – I opened my eyes, cleared my throat and spoke.
"I'm sorry." I began, softly. "It was wrong of me to jeopardize our friendship. I had no right to use you in my fantasy, and I'm sorry for doing that. I know I deserve to be punished for what I did, and I think it's fair for you to witness my spanking."
Deb looked at Dale and then they both looked up at me. Dale's eyes went to my crotch and then up to my exposed breasts before he finally looked up at my face.
"We forgive you, Sally." Deb said, looking briefly into my eyes. "Since Alex wants us to watch, we will. Maybe it'll go faster for you if we cooperate, then, we can just forget it ever happened and have our dinner."
I turned to look at Alex and he seemed satisfied. After a second, he asked me to take a step back and then he pushed the large ottoman in front of Deb and Dale and adjusted it a few inches back and forth until he was happy with its position.
"Sally, if you cooperate like you promised, I won't make this as harsh as you deserve." Alex said. "I want you on your elbows and knees with your legs apart as far as they will go without you falling off the ottoman. Put your elbows as far forward as you can, and then don't move unless I tell you to."
I felt fortunate he let me keep my panties on, so I got down on the ottoman as quickly as I could. I moved my knees to the edges at the side and moved forward until my elbows were at the front edge of the padded ottoman. In this position, Deb and Dale could easily see my little breasts hanging down from my chest and Alex could see the full expanse of my panty covered vagina from behind.
Alex walked in front of me, got down on his knees in front of my face and looked at me. Reaching under me, he captured both of my nipples between his thumb and first fingers and began to lightly flick my nipple tips back and forth. He'll do this sometimes during foreplay or when I'm riding on top of his cock. He knows I like it, especially if he starts pinching me very lightly and continues pinching while he increases the pressure.
"When I'm done talking in a second, I want you to turn your head toward our good friends and apologize to them, again." Alex said, softly. "Then, I want you to tell them they can touch you or walk around and look at you while you're being punished."
"You need to make it sound sincere and convincing, Sally." He added. "I warn you, pick your words carefully. If you make it sound like you're only saying it because I told you to, I promise you'll regret it."
Then, Alex stood up and took a few steps to the side and planted himself next to the couch, right next to where Dale was sitting. As he moved, I followed him with my eyes and when he stopped and put his hands on his hips, I knew he was waiting for me to do as he asked.
I tuned my face to first look at Deb, and then at Dale. Forcing myself to give them a sincere smile, I said the difficult words Alex wanted to hear me say.
"I'm really sorry for what I did." I began. "I had no right to use our friendship in my sexual fantasies. I really can't explain why I did it. I guess I was so turned on after what happened in the hot tub the other night, I got carried away with the sexual part of it and it just consumed me."
"I know I deserve to be punished like this, and you have every right to watch and participate in what's going to happen." I continued. "You're entirely welcome to walk around and watch while Alex spanks me. You can touch me if you want to. You don't have to worry about how I'll feel about it, or if I like it, or not. What I did was thoughtless and mean, and, I'd like to earn your trust and friendship back. Maybe after this is over, we can put it all behind us and move forward with the air cleared."
I looked at them for several seconds after I stopped talking and then glanced up at Alex. "Nicely done." Alex said.
Then, he moved behind me, standing a foot away from my upturned bottom. "While she's being punished," Alex said to Deb and Dale, "she has no reason to expect any degree of modesty or privacy. So, as she said, if you want to get up and walk around to get a better view, feel free to do so. I don't mind if you touch her, or feel her, as long as you don't interfere with her punishment."
Dale immediately looked at Deb, stood up and walked around the ottoman and stood right next to Alex. I knew what he could see from back there, but, I didn't move. I turned my head to look at Deb and she was noticeably blushing as she looked back at me.
I jumped a little when I felt Alex's hand on the small of my back. He touched me lightly there, and then ran his hand down to the waistband of my panties. For an instant, I was horrified to think he was going to pull my panties down, but he didn't. Instead, he moved his hand down the slope of my bottom and directly in between my thighs from behind.
At first, he held his palm directly against my mound, but after a few seconds, he began to stroke my crotch, trailing his fingers lightly up and down my slit. An incredible feeling of humiliation and helplessness flooded over me as he touched my pussy through my panties. Any other time, I'd be enjoying this. But, not now. This was the most exposed and embarrassed as I'd ever felt in my life, but, it was about to get worse...... much worse.
I was able to look under my body - through my legs, and all the way back to where Alex and Dale were standing. When I saw Alex kneel down behind me I began to panic, but when he asked Dale to kneel down next to him, my panic turned to dreadfulness and tears started to swell again in my eyes.
Alex reached out and adjusted the flimsy panties across my bottom, smoothing them out and pulling the material this way and that so there were no wrinkles. Then, using two of his fingers like a plow, he pushed my panties between my two outer lips. I felt him run his fingers several times up and down the wet folds of my pussy, each time pushing my panties into me a little more as he drug his fingertips across my clitoris and then back to the entrance of my vagina.
I didn't have to be looking to know what Alex was doing. He was creating a reason for Dale to focus and concentrate his stare directly on my panty covered vagina. And, even though I was still covered, I'm positive the thin, see-though material did absolutely nothing to hide my sacred feminine anatomy from Dale's eyes.
Alex knew what this would do to me. As I laid in that position with my bottom up and my knees apart with my crotch exposed like it was, I felt an enormous rush of heat and shame overtake my face. I was so ashamed; I closed my eyes to lock out what was happening.
At that moment, I heard Deb stir from her seat on the couch. I opened my eyes to see her moving in front of me and kneeling down in front of my face just as Alex had done. Without saying a word, she reached under me and cupped my small brestlings in the palms of her hands and gently started to knead them. She didn't go right for the nipples as a man would do, but instead, she began a soft caress of the meat of my little bobbies as she looked into my eyes.
Leaning in to me, she whispered, "You don't know how fascinated I've been with these, Sally. Ever since you took your top off that night in the hot tub, I've wanted to feel them in my hands."
Instantly, our eyes met and I searched her stare for the true meaning of what she'd just said. Her touch on my breasts was soft and as she caressed me, I became aware of how good it felt.
SMACK!
I wasn't prepared for the loud slap and the sting that caused my body to lurch forward. Almost instantly, I could feel the intense bite of the sting warm my bottom and spread across my backside. This was certainly not a playful swat; Alex had really smacked me good and as I tensed my muscles to keep from moving, Deb leaned into me again and whispered to me.
"Shhhh." Deb said, softly. "Be still and don't move. The sooner you accept what's happening to you, the better it'll be."
I was trying to comprehend what she'd just said when I felt Dale's hand under me, sliding down over the front of my panties. His hand didn't stop until he was between my legs, cradling my pussy and pressing his palm into me. I could feel his fingers as they touched me back there; one finger in the crevice between my pantied pussy lips, and his other fingers at the sides, touching the bare skin past the edges of my panties.
"It's okay." Deb whispered to me. "Don't move. Close your eyes and think about how you look right now - how we're touching you and what's happening."
SMACK!
Once again I felt the sting of another swat on my bottom, but, even as Alex spanked me that second time, Dale's fingers never left my crotch. And, almost as if it had been carefully arranged, at the same time as Alex delivered the second swat, Deb's fingers found my nipples and gave them a little pinch.
My eyes shot open and I looked right up at her as she held the pinch on my nipples and then finally let go. She had a slight grin on her face as she looked down at me and that threw my mind into a mass of confusion and uncertainty as I looked back at her.
Dale's hand pulled away from my crotch and I felt him searching for the elastic waistband of my panties. As soon as he found it, he slipped his hand down inside, found his way between the folds of my labia and wiggled one finger inside my lubricating vagina.
SMACK!
Again, the sudden sting of Alex's swat caused me to flinch, but, as soon as he'd spanked me, Deb let go of one of my nipples and put her hand under my chin. Lifting my head slightly, she pressed her lips to mine and kissed me tenderly.
"Let go now." Deb said, as she leaned back away from me. "Just let go of everything and concentrate on the signals your body is giving you. Don't fight your feelings, Sally. We've worked too hard to bring you this far to let you spoil it. Make a decision right now to give in. Will you do that for me?"
To say I was mixed-up and confused would be a complete and gross understatement. I didn't understand why Alex had selected this time and place to finish my punishment. It was so unlike him to be as firm as he was – to the point of being mean. He'd never once done anything to belittle me in front of anyone. But, here I was – almost completely naked on my hands and knees at his insistence, being touched, spanked and humiliated to a point I would have never thought possible from him.
Dale's finger found my clit and started rubbing directly against my little nubbin. "Do it, Sally." Deb said to me, leaning in to brush her lips against mine. "Right now..... look me in the eyes and tell me you're ready to give in and submit to us fully."
To be continued.