My wife and I were on our first visit to a tropical resort, and we really needed it. It had been years since we'd taken a vacation of any kind, and we'd never taken a truly relaxation-focused trip together. Our vacations had mostly been cultural up to this point; various cities in Europe, seeing ruins and wineries in South America, and one eventful trip to Kuala Lumpur that I won't get into here. Needless to say, we were ready to fully unwind. This trip was meant to consist of lazy days at the beach and pool, piles of fresh seafood, a steady stream of wine and cocktails, and frequent sex in the privacy of our hotel room. We have both been working on being more active and getting into better shape, but this trip was the time to forget about all of that and focus on the things that make us happy.
The flights from Vermont to Puerto Rico had taken the better part of the day, letting us arrive at the hotel by private bus by 10pm last night. I had gone to bed early, but my wife, Nicole, had gone for a walk. "We've been sitting all day, I won't get any sleep if I don't move a little bit," she had told me. I was asleep by the time she got back.
This morning, I was sitting on the bed buttoning my Hawaiian shirt (vacation-only attire, I promise) and packing sunscreen and bottled water into our beach tote while Nicole got ready in the bathroom. She was standing in front of the mirror wearing a mustard yellow bikini top and no bottoms, her auburn hair pulled into a bun. Even setting aside my bias towards my own wife, she was a beautiful woman; her perfect pale skin was dusted here and there with light freckles, and her eyes were hazel and doe-like. Her breasts were small but undeniable; the bikini top did nothing to hide their perky shape. Her lower body was curvy and irresistible, with wide hips and a generous but tight and smooth butt.
She looked intently at her reflection. "I hope my bush doesn't peek out of my swimsuit," she said without looking away from the mirror. "I really don't feel like trimming today."
Personally, I thought it was sexy to glimpse a small tuft of her pubic hair peeking out of a swimsuit, but I agreed that is was probably not appropriate for a public beach.
She turned to me, pulling up slightly with both hands on the skin between her abdomen and hips so I could more clearly see the hair in question. I admired it in silence for a moment, also appreciating the small bit of her warm pink labia this gesture exposed. Her pubic hair was reddish like her hair, maybe a tad darker, and even when unkempt, formed a neat triangle above her slit.
"Did you try the bottoms on yet?" I asked, stating the obvious way to find out. She stuck her tongue out at me.
"You? Telling me to put clothes on? Are you sick?" We both chuckled. She pulled her matching bottoms from her bag and pulled them on. They were a high-waisted number that exposed her pale hips and a bit of cheek. She turned back to the mirror, adjusting the new addition further.
"Fuck," she muttered and turned back to me. A small tuft of red was visible on each side of the garment. I frowned.
"I like it," I sighed, "but it's probably not up to hotel dress code." She raised an eyebrow.
"Interesting. Well, I have to trim before we go."
She sat down on the closed toilet seat and picked up her electric trimmer from the counter. She slid the bottoms back off and brought her feet up to meet in front of her, in a sort of delicately balanced yoga pose. She turned on the trimmer and looked back at me. "What do you think, a little off the sides, or full barbie?"
"Don't shave it all off," I replied. "I wouldn't want my nose to get cold tonight." She looked at me questioningly for a moment before she got the joke.
"You're funny!" she started trimming. "And filthy."
I zipped up the bag and twiddled my thumbs waiting for her to finish.
"Oh my god, Theo, speaking of filthy, I totally forgot to tell you something! I can't believe I forgot!" She exclaimed. I looked to see she had finished up and was sweeping hairs into the trash. She looked excited about her story.
"What is it?"
"When I was on my walk last night, there were two people doing it on one of the balconies! Like, full-on fucking, and moaning and shit!" She looked genuinely shocked. "There wasn't anyone out walking on that side of the building but me, so I guess they thought they had some privacy."
"What? No way," I replied, "How sure are you? How well could you see them if they were on a balcony?"
"Oh, I am totally sure. The woman was bent over the rail with her tits out and there was a guy standing behind her and he kept saying like 'oh yeah' and shit. The way they were positioned, and moving, they were 100% having sex."
I couldn't believe it; her first night here and she saw a couple going at it outside. I didn't think this was any unusual kind of hotel; it's certainly branded for adults, but it's not an "adult resort."
"How old do you think they were?" I asked incredulously.
"I don't know, not far off from us, I don't think. Maybe just a few years older."
"What did they look like?"
She thought. "Well, her boobs were big and swinging all over the place." I tried not to alter my facial expression, but I did appreciate that the woman's breasts were the first thing Nicole noticed. "She had dark or black hair, I'm not sure, it was dark out. I didn't really see either of their faces, but I think the guy was bald."
"Did you watch?"
"I mean, for a few seconds while my brain processed what I was seeing, but no, I didn't stick around. I just turned and went the other way." I was a bit disappointed, it was hot hearing my wife talk like this and I was hoping to hear more.
"That's pretty crazy, on our first night too. I hope this isn't secretly some kind of exhibitionist sex resort," I said, only partly lying. She laughed.
"I think they're just a couple of freaks," she shook her head. "If there are any bald guys at the pool today, though, I'm going to wonder."
She pulled her bikini bottom back on and inspected it. "All clear!"
"I never understood how women are supposed to hide everything in those swimsuits anyway," I mused. "There's less than an inch of material in the crotch on some of them."
"Yeah," she frowned. "I had a little 'lip-slip' at a pool party once in high school, that was traumatic. I've shopped a lot more carefully since then." I had never heard this story, but didn't think it was the time to pry. "Consider yourself lucky you basically get to wear shorts to the pool!"
We finished getting ready and headed to the pool, where we spent a pretty typical vacation day, alternating between sunbathing, swimming, drinking, and working on the small back catalogue of novels we had both brought along. We ate sashimi by the pool for lunch, and occasionally reapplied each other's sunscreen. I took one opportunity, with her sitting on a lounger in front of me between my legs to let me rub her sunscreen in, to slip my fingertips under the outside edge of Nicole's top and gently squeeze her breasts, as subtly as I possibly could. She clearly noticed, and she slid her butt back the remaining few inches between us and rubbed it in a quick circle on my crotch. I don't think anyone noticed, but it did get me a bit aroused, so I sat carefully with my book on my lap for the few minutes it took to subside after that.
The day was uneventful, but it was just the kind of relaxation we needed. That evening we went to one of the resort's restaurants, an oyster bar and seafood grille on a patio looking down the coast. We made good on our plans to feast, and had a bottle of wine each over the course of the meal.
We spent some time after dinner walking on the beach and through the resort's gardens. When we got back to our room around eleven, Nicole lamented that we didn't have any booze for a nightcap.
"I think the resort store is open 24 hours, and I know they sell alcohol," I suggested. "Why don't I go pick us something out?"
She smiled and nodded quickly, sprawling out on the bed. "Maybe I'll be naked when you get back, who knows?" That thought sent me out the door with a smile.
I walked down a cobblestone path alongside some neatly trimmed hedges. It seemed like everyone was inside for the night, and the resort was quiet enough to hear the gentle rise and fall of the nearby ocean waves. I passed a walk-up bar where the staff was packing up for the night. As I rounded the corner of a tall, windowless building on my way to the shop, I heard the sound of thumping bass growing louder. There was a group of five young people and someone I assumed to be a bouncer standing outside the door into the building, which turned out to be the resort night club. "Ah," I thought, "that's where everybody is." I was surprised I hadn't heard the music sooner, but the building was very well insulated. Night clubs weren't really Nicole's and my scene, but I could appreciate an attraction to keep noisy drunks busy late at night.
I kept walking along this path, at this point entirely alone, eventually reaching a pool area. The pool at this resort was long and river-like, snaking throughout the resort and stopping off at swim-up bars, lounge areas, and restaurants. I was approaching one of the empty lounge areas, which were technically open all night, when I heard a strange repetitive sound.
I stopped. "No way," I thought. "Someone is having sex out here!" I stepped to the side of the path to be a bit less obvious, then looked around at the balconies of the nearby hotel rooms. The unmistakable sound of skin hitting against skin and a man and a woman moaning was still present, but sounded too close to be any of the balconies. I scanned the pool area and, sure enough, on the lounge area on the far side of the pool from me, on top of a lounge chair beside one of the lounge's drink stands, a couple was engaging in rather boisterous sex.
A fairly muscular bald man was reclined on the chair with his hands behind his head and his shorts around his ankles. On his lap was a curvaceous, completely naked pale-skinned woman with dark curly hair. She was leaning back, with her hands on his lower thighs, quickly raising and lowering her lower body to ride him. They were angled such that the man was facing away from me, and the woman's head was leaned so far back she couldn't see me either. But I still had a side-profile view of what was going on, especially her.
Her feet were planted on either side of him on the lounge chair, and her knees were spread wide apart so that I could see a shocking amount of detail; from the man's rock-hard penis glistening with her moisture, to her darkly colored vulva, growing and shrinking to accommodate the taper in his shape, to her nearly cleanly-shaven bush, save for a delicate vertical strip of trimmed hair.
"This must be the same couple Nicole saw," I thought, ducking slightly behind a shrub to observe with less risk of being seen. The woman's breasts were, indeed, large; and frankly stupendous. Her reclined position and vigorous riding caused them to swing in near circles as she bounced up and down, her tan nipples always slightly upturned but in constant motion.
They were both quite vocal; she moaned loudly from time to time, usually while moving downwards on his dick; he would occasionally say something to encourage her, but I was too far away to make out exact words. The sound of her ass slapping against his lap rung out with each repeated motion. After a few moments like this, she shifted her weight slightly and brought one hand around to touch herself. As she started slowly circling her clitoris with her pointer finger, still riding him as fast and hard as before, she looked at him and seemed to ask him a question, to which he seemed to give a deep "mmm-hmm." Her looking forward made me nervous she might see me, so I dropped behind the shrub. But they kept going at it without missing a beat, so I peeked over the hedge again.
She was now rubbing herself vigorously with three fingers, making locked eye contact with her partner, riding him faster than before. Her ass and thighs rippled slightly with each downward thrust. The gentleman was thrusting upwards into her now, too, grunting as he entered her deeply. After a moment, he yelled something I couldn't understand; I now realized they had been speaking another language. In response, the woman lifter herself off of her partner's member and shifted downward to sit on his lap. She kept fingering herself, now with several fingers inserted and her palm pressed against her clitoris, moving her whole hand in a circular motion. At the same time, he had begun stroking his penis, which, now that it was outside of her, I noticed was rather large. She kept encouraging him with more repetitive sentences I couldn't understand, and after a couple of seconds, he roared with pleasure and began to come. Rope after rope of his seed flew through the air and onto her belly and the space between her breasts. As he milked the last few drops from his cock by sliding his hand from the base to the tip, it seemed as though the sight and feeling of him ejaculating bountifully onto her body had put her over the edge. She threw her head back and let out a loud moan of her own as she quivered with orgasmic bliss. The wet sound of her fingers moving in and out of her pussy was the only other sound I could hear. She shook as she came, her man's load still dripping down her chest.
She exhaled deeply before sitting up and kissing him. She took a towel that had been sitting on the ground by the lounge chair and wiped his semen from her skin, making a comment I couldn't understand, and tossing the towel into a bin nearby. The man stood then bent down to pull his shorts up, stuffing his now softening dick into the tight fitting garment. The woman was stepping back into her swimsuit. It occurred to me I had ought to leave in case they came this way. I doubled back and ducked around a different corner, and resumed my trek to the resort shop.
~~~
I returned, triumphant, with one bottle of Pinot Grigio and another of silver tequila. I walked through the door of our hotel room and saw my wife, having shed her loose clothes and now wearing only her swimsuit, spread out on the bed waiting for me. "My hero," she said seductively, clearly feeling amorous. I was glad, too, because the show I had just witnessed had really turned me on.
"Does the woman on my bed desire a beverage?" I asked, knowing the answer and already uncorking the bottle. She nodded.
"Does the gentleman in my room require a snack?" She asked me back. I had looked away to pour the wine, and I turned back, with a glass in each hand, in quizzical response to her question - we didn't have any food in the room, so I wondered what she meant, until she slipped her thumbs behind the waistband of her bikini and removed it. She reclined against a pile of pillows she had assembled on the bed, and spread her legs while making unbroken eye contact with me.
I dropped the hero act and spoke almost involuntarily. "Oh, fuck."
I set one glass down on the dresser and approached, leaning over her sprawled body to kiss her and hand her the other glass. She put her free hand on my neck and kissed me deeply, her tongue reaching just inside my lips. I savored the kiss for just a moment, but remembered where I was headed. I transitioned to kissing her neck, slowly working my way down her body. As I kissed her still clad chest, she sipped her wine and set the glass on the table before pushing her breasts together around my face. Here, too, I lingered for a moment, but resumed my southward journey without much delay. I kissed lightly across her belly then arrived at her recently trimmed bush.
"I have to confess," she said, "I might have gotten started without you,"
I looked at her visibly moist labia, parted slightly on their own from her arousal, then up at her face. "I can tell," I said with a wink.
I placed my hands on her thighs and leaned my head down to her vulva; the smell of her engorged pussy reached my nostrils, and as a result, I was fully erect within seconds. I began with a long, sensuous lick from bottom to top, licking her opening, then inner lips, and finally her clitoris with the full length of my tongue. She shuddered.
I pushed my face against her mound, my lips now sealed against hers, and my nose buried in her soft auburn bush. My tongue explored the details of her anatomy, being sure to return to her clitoris often, as this elicited the most movement and sound from her. I pulled her inner lips into my mouth and sucked on them - something about sucking on her labia really gets me going. They're fairly large, as my experience goes, and before we were together, she was self conscious about them. I never understood why. I love the way they look, the way her pussy is never quite hidden by her bush when she's standing naked. I love the way they feel in my mouth, and the way they feel around my cock.
I resumed licking her clitoris, more vigorously this time, and looked up to see her face and assess my performance. I realized that she had pulled her arms through the straps on her top and pulled it down without me noticing, exposing her beautiful pale breasts and raspberry nipples. Her head was back, and her hands were on her breasts, rolling her nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each hand. It was a sight to behold. Without moving my face, I reached down and took off my pants, then my underwear, to set my erect penis free. I was too turned on to leave it alone; while still licking her, I began to stroke myself. The precum that had been forming a spot on my shorts was adequate to lubricate the head. The pleasure was somewhat of a relief compared to straining against the inside of my clothes.
I pulled back a bit and moved my tongue down to the entrance of her vagina. I ran a quick circle around the outside, before plunging my tongue inside.
"Oh my God," she whispered, "that's hot."
I spent a moment like this, pushing my tongue in and out of her, slowly, for her, agonizingly so, I'm sure. Then I resumed licking her clitoris. I had no intention of letting her return the favor tonight; I was going to get both of us off.
As I relentlessly lapped at her clit, I could sense she was beginning to near climax; she began thrusting her hips subtly, grinding her vulva on my face, and breathing deeply. She removed one hand from her breast and placed it firmly on the top of my head, pressing me yet further into her. I knew better than to change pace now; I continued licking feverishly and sped up my own masturbation. I knew the sound of her climaxing would push me over the edge, too.
Her other hand flew down to the bedding at her side and she dug her fingers in. "I'm going to come, Theo," she said, louder than a whisper but still so soft I could barely hear it. "Oh fuck, I'm coming," she moaned softly, convulsing with pleasure. Still not stopping, I looked up and watched her body respond to the pleasure; her abdomen tensed up as she bent slightly at the middle, her breasts heaving with her heavy breath. Her thighs went from spread wide open to clamped tightly around my head. I could barely hear her moans, now, but I could see all I needed to. As predicted, this was pushing me over the edge. When I was sure she was finished climaxing, I got onto my knees between her legs and placed my left hand in a ring around the base of my engorged member, still stroking fast with the right hand.
"Oh fuck, you've been touching yourself," she observed almost to herself, "I wish I had been watching,"
I smiled, "you'd better watch now," I said, "it's going to be over soon."
She grinned and stared at my cock, which was aimed straight at her and being worked vigorously. "Come for me baby," she said, "you deserve it after all that work, make a mess for me."
Her dirty talk was the final straw. I obliged.
"Fuck," I muttered as the first spurt flew free. I had been waiting for this all day, and the pleasure was intense. My cum landed between her breasts and reminded me of the scene I had witnessed just moments before. My load was not as impressive as the one I had seen the bald man spray on his partner, but for me, it was a generous one. The fifth or sixth spurt was the weak finale of my climax. Nicole, now covered in my semen, looked me in the eye and said "thanks, baby."
~~~
The rest of the night, we drank, cuddled and laughed. We went to bed actually rather early, for us, but somehow knowing the week held nothing but more relaxation made it very easy to fall asleep.
The next morning, we were getting ready to go to brunch and I remembered I hadn't told Nicole what I saw by the pool the previous night.
"You watched?!" She almost screamed while trying not to laugh. "What did you do, hide in the bushes like a creep?"
I blushed. "I didn't hide in the bushes, just... Behind one." I grinned. "I didn't have to watch for long, I got there right as they were finishing up."
Her jaw dropped. "Finishing up? You don't mean..."
"Oh yeah," I nodded.
She shook her head in disbelief. "Where?"
I explained the lounge chair in the otherwise empty pool bar area. "It was crazy. I walked around the corner and bam. I saw everything."
"Everything?" She asked incredulously. "Dick? Vagina? Everything?"
I nodded.
"Christ, Theo, that's insane. And you said you got there right as they were, um," she searched for the words. "Wrapping up?"
"Oh, yeah, nothing was wrapped up. But I got there just in time for the finale."
She stared at me as if she were doing the math on what I'd just said. "You saw him..." She gestured with her hand like an explosion.
I nodded. "Like a garden hose. All over her."
"That's fucking nuts! Who just... ejaculates out in the open like that?"
"Well, she came too, so I guess there's at least one other person."
Nicole seemed to be in shock. "You were pretty aroused last night, I thought it was all because of me," she said with a frown.
"I mean, it did turn me on to see that happening, I can't lie," I explained, "but I would have been just as excited to go down on you if I hadn't seen it. It just primed me, I guess."
She nodded. "These people are animals! We've been here less than two days and seen them fucking outside on two separate occasions." She thought for a moment. "I really hope they're not at the pool today."
~~~
The rest of the day was the kind of quiet, uneventful time we anticipated on this trip. We had a breakfast of fresh fruit, coffee and juice in the hotel cafe looking over the sea. We set up camp under a large umbrella on the beach and slept for hours. In the afternoon, we ate tomato sandwiches by the pool and drank frozen rum drinks, and read our books until the sun began to set. We put on our nicer clothes in the evening and went to the resort steakhouse, and enjoyed a lovely meal together. In the room that night, we shared a bath, had a bit of our tequila, and went to bed early. She slept in my arms until we stirred early the next morning.
The sun was rising and beginning to illuminate our room through the sheer window coverings. Nicole turned and kissed me.
We started our day with a shower; Nicole was in a flirtatious mood and was teasing me without mercy. She bent down to lather her legs and made sure her bare ass was right against my crotch. She took a good, long time soaping up, wiggling from side to side periodically, bouncing my penis from one glistening cheek to the other. When she felt me start to get hard, she giggled and stood up immediately and began to wash her hair as if nothing was going on.
I've never been good at that type of flirting; I don't know if it's because she isn't as easy to seduce as I am, or if I just get too aroused and try to skip straight to honest foreplay. Either way, she was a good tease. I was a bit disappointed when she started getting dressed when we got out of the shower, but felt assured that she intended to withdraw those deposits later in the day.
"I kind of want to see some more of the coast," she said while drying her hair. "I saw on the map that the resort maintains some mountain trails south of the grounds. I know we said we're just relaxing on this trip, but I think the views could be worth a little hike, what do you think?"
We had started hiking at home during the summer, and I was sure it wouldn't hurt us to exercise a little while on vacation. And I like the way Nicole looks in tight shorts. So I agreed.
"Let's go after breakfast? I think it's going to rain this afternoon, I want to get some outside time before I'm cooped up in this room for hours with nothing to do," she said with a smirk.
"Sounds great," I smiled. We had another breakfast of mostly fresh tropical fruit and juice, came back to the room to hop into some hike-friendly clothes, and made our way south through the resort to the trail head. The signage all indicated an easy hike with worthwhile views of the nearby city and the ocean, so we set out. The trail was active but not busy, we passed another couple here and there and exchanged hellos, and a couple of older locals who had zero interest in talking to tourists.
We cleared a small crest, after which was a five-hundred yard straight path, running alongside a fairly sheer rock face to the left, and a patch of woods to the right. The path terminated with a gentle left turn and a sheer drop to the right, overlooking the ocean.
Quite far ahead of us, towards the end of the straight, were a couple of hikers that my wife quickly recognized as the exhibitionists we had seen in the prior days.
"Holy shit babe, holy shit!" She grabbed my arm a little too hard, "that's them! The balcony fuckers!" Sure enough, the fit bald man and his curvaceous female partner were the very same pair I had watched have a carnal romp by the pool two days ago. He was leaning against the rock face taking a long drink of water, and she was taking photos of the ocean on her phone. He was shirtless and wearing cargo shorts, and she was wearing a black sports bra and athletic skirt.
"What do we do?" I asked, questioning if my wife could keep her cool if we got close to them.
"I don't know, I don't really want to catch up with them. Act like we're just taking a break, don't stare at them." She suggested.
I nodded. I half-sat on a bit of rock jutting out from the sheer face, and she squatted beside me, facing so that she could look at me but still keep an eye on the couple down the path.
"So they do engage in activities other than humping each other," my wife said dryly, I think trying to be funny. I nodded.
"They like to exercise, and they like the outdoors. Hiking makes sense."
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed them kiss. One kiss turned into a bit of a make-out session. "How is it possible," I wondered to myself, "for them to be this oblivious? Do they seriously not know other people are around?"
The woman, still kissing her partner, had one hand on his muscular chest, and the other on his ass. Nicole noticed.
"A little thirsty, isn't she?" I nodded, glancing here and there and trying not to stare.
Nicole gasped, quietly, and I instinctively snapped my eyes back to the couple. The woman was rubbing her partner's dick through the material of his shorts, still kissing him. After a moment, a visible bulge had formed, and she ran her palm up and down it.
She stopped kissing him for a moment and looked like she said something, but we couldn't hear. She dropped into a squat, looking him in the eye still, and started to unbutton his shorts.
"Holy fucking shit, Theo, is she going to blow him?" Nicole whispered a little louder than I would have liked.
"Should we leave?" I asked, to no answer. It would be a huge bummer to hike all the way back from here and not see the end of the trail, and there was no way we were going to push on with the love birds in our path.
Nicole was transfixed.
The woman had succeeded in undoing her partner's shorts, and my wife and I both watched in shock and awe as she pulled his semi-erect cock from his shorts. I looked at Nicole, her mouth was agape.
The woman appeared to spit into the palm of her hand, then she wrapped it around the base of his penis, sliding towards the tip slowly to lubricate it, then slowly stroked him. At the same time, she deftly used her other hand to tie her hair back into a ball of curls that would stay out of her face while she worked. With this done, she wrapped both hands tightly around the base of his now erect shaft, and took him in her mouth. Nicole still hadn't said a word.
The woman held the cock head in her mouth for a moment, seeming just to take in the moment. The man stroked her cheek gently.
She started to fellate just the head, but slowly worked her way down the shaft, back and forth, further down each time. After a minute or so, she was taking about half of his length into her mouth with each stroke. He watched intently, visibly enjoying himself, as she lovingly tended to his most intimate part. She began to twist her head slightly, to the left as she took him in, and to the right as she eased off, her curls bobbing with slight delay after each motion.
She took the penis from her mouth and pointed it upwards with one hand, cupping his balls with the other, then proceeded to lick the cock passionately from base to tip, running the full surface of her tongue along its length. When she got to the tip, she tilted her head to the side and licked back down to the base, in a manner reminiscent of eating a Popsicle.
It was unbelievable to me the skill and enthusiasm on display here. She seemed to enjoy this task and was clearly very good at it. I remembered suddenly that my wife was watching this, too, and I looked at her to see her reaction. She remained frozen, staring directly at the sex act being performed, so I guessed it was probably okay for me to keep looking as well.
With her lover's glans back in her mouth, the woman suddenly reached down with both hands and hiked up her skirt. The angle wasn't right for us to see everything, but two things were clear: first, she was not wearing anything underneath the skirt. The view of her thigh and the side of her ass were uninterrupted. Second, she was now pleasuring herself with the hand that wasn't cradling the man's balls.
"What the fuck," Nicole murmured, still completely still, before resuming her hypnotized silence.
The small motions of the woman's arm suggested she was fingering her clitoris. She was back to fellating, and I found myself admiring her ability to take so much of this sizable organ into her mouth. With each bob of her head, the tip of her nose came closer to his abdomen, until her lips reached the absolute base of his cock.
"She's fucking deepthroating it," Nicole whispered to herself. "God."
The woman swallowed him over and over, with such speed and confidence that one might think she was a professional. The motion and angle of her arm had changed, and suggested now she had inserted her fingers into her vagina and was stimulating her clitoris with her palm, in a larger circular motion. "I've seen that move before," I thought to myself, remembering how she had done something similar soon before climaxing by the pool. These two seemed to be very attuned to each other's bodies.
After another moment of her swallowing his appendage, he appeared to say something and she eased off. Still vigorously servicing her own sex, she opened her mouth wide and stroked his cock from base to tip repeatedly. It was a truly pornographic sight, a move I thought nobody in real life ever actually did. But unsurprisingly, the woman proceeded to masterfully bring both parties to climax in short order, signaled by their combined moans, the first sound they had made loud enough to reach my ears. The man tilted his head back, his penis visibly throbbed in orgasmic release, and he began to unload into her waiting mouth. She moaned through her nose, loudly, quivering with her own orgasm as she drank in his semen. We watched in abject fascination as he released rope upon rope of cum, and she delightedly waited for him to finish. Then she stood up, her skirt falling back to a more modest position, and kissed him before seeming to speak a sentence or two.
Nicole had been squatting this whole time, but suddenly lost her balance - I think the realization that the woman had swallowed that sizable load had just hit her, and her butt and hands landed on the gravel beside the path with an audible shuffle. I quickly stood up to help her back up, but I knew the couple must have heard that noise. They were now walking towards us, talking to each other casually in their language, looking as if nothing at all unusual had taken place.
We resumed hiking, straight towards the couple we had just watched engage in the most graphic oral sex act I've ever seen in person or on video, trying to keep straight faces. We did not successfully feign conversation. As we passed them, I nodded silently. The woman smiled, and the man said "good afternoon" with a slight northern European accent.
Once we were out of earshot, we both sighed loudly in relief.
"There's no way they didn't see us, right? They're just freaky exhibitionists and they've made us part of their kink three times now. There's no way it's an accident!" Nicole almost yelled.
I wasn't sure. "I don't know, maybe they're drunk all the time and not very self aware, but maybe you're right." I thought for a moment. "I can't say I've ever been in a situation like this before."
We kept our pace towards the summit, I think in an unspoken agreement that we'd be damned if we came all this way and watched an unexpected peep show without actually reaching our destination.
"I mean, Jesus, that was some freaky shit!" Nicole was still reeling. "His dick was all the way in her mouth. Like, in her throat."
While I wasn't in any position to complain, I would be lying if I said Nicole was half as enthusiastic as the dark haired woman when it came to performing oral on me. She did a fine job, but between the two of us, I was the better head-giver.
I tried not to show any feeling in my response. "Yeah, that was completely nuts."
She looked at me over her sunglasses. "And she swallowed it! I mean, that was not a small amount of... stuff. You know?"
"Yeah, it was pretty graphic."
Nicole gave me a sideling glance. "Did it turn you on, seeing that?"
Of course it did! A beautiful woman giving head like it was a varsity sport, touching herself out in the open.
"Maybe a little bit," I chuckled. "It's not something you see every day."
Nicole looked down. "Yeah. Makes sense. I guess it turned me on a little bit too."
This I was shocked to hear. Again, our sex life was healthy and functional, we know each other's bodies well and satisfy each other, but this was the first remotely "kinky" (for lack of a better word) thing I had ever heard out of Nicole. I looked at her, incredulous for a moment, but snapped out of it - I didn't want to make this a big deal.
We continued our hike in relative quiet until we reached the peak. They were not lying about the view; it looked like a man-made clearing, with further wild mountain up and to the north, but a stunning view of the ocean to the west. Save for one rocky island, it was unbroken water as far as the eye could see. There were dark rain clouds in the distance over the ocean, and the direction of the breeze suggested they were heading our way with no particular rush. On land, the sun was illuminating the white sand of the beaches all along the coast and glistening off the waves.
To the east, a beautiful, small city stood with buildings new and old, and cobblestone streets winding lazily up the mountain sides, as if they cared not when they arrived at their destination, only that the journey was not too demanding. A single bell tower rose above the otherwise single- and double-story city, and as the clock struck 12 the bell began to chime, cutting effortlessly through the faint hum of busses and scooters in the city.
"I'm glad we did this," Nicole said, putting her arm around my waist and leaning on me, "it's been quite an adventure."
I couldn't agree more.
~~~
The hike back down the mountain was easy and uneventful. Nicole's shock at the display on the way up the mountain had faded into a giggly glow, to my surprise. Usually she took longer to get over things. By the time we reached the resort grounds, the rain clouds we'd spotted earlier were looming just shy of overhead. We walked briskly to our room, not wanting to get rained on, and we were fairly successful. We only got caught in the rain for the last hundred feet or so right outside our door, but it was a torrential tropical downpour.
We threw ourselves through the door of our room and slammed it shut behind us. We were both soaked. Nicole was laughing at how I looked with my hair plastered against my forehead while running frantically to stay dry, so I walked to the bathroom mirror to try to salvage my hair.
"There's nothing to be done," I joked. "I'm hideous now."
Nicole followed me into the bathroom and leaned against the door frame. "You're right," she smirked, "you're permanently scarred. I wonder if you'll ever find someone who can love you in this state." She stepped close to me, pressed her body against mine and lifted her arms to drape them around my neck. Our eyes met. She looked right past the mess of sopping wet curls piled on my head and kissed me. Her breath on the wet skin of my face gave me chills, and her kiss lingered with intention. My lips were the only warm part of my body, now.
She broke the kiss. "We should get out of these wet clothes and warm up quickly," she reached into the open shower and started the water, "we can't catch a cold on our vacation."
I was excited for where this was going. I smiled at her, "a shower is a good idea, but you know the fastest way to warm up is skin-to-skin contact."
Nicole raised an eyebrow. "We'd better play it safe and try both approaches." She pinched the hem of her top, now skin-tight for the rain water it had collected, and peeled it off, up, and over her head. I hadn't noticed earlier, but she had forsaken her usual choice of a sports bra on our hike. Instead, she was wearing a black lace brassiere I had never seen before. It held her perfect speckled cream breasts in place, but just. They insisted on a little jiggle with each move she made.
"Wow," I remarked, "you sneaked new lingerie on the trip, I'm impressed."
"I'm full of surprises."
"Too bad I'm only going to see it for a few seconds." I stepped closer to her and reached around to unclasp the two hooks holding the bra in place.
"Wait!" She stopped me. "You have to see the set first." I nodded.
She bent at the hip with an intentional flair, looking over her shoulder at me while dropping her hiking shorts. She had been hiding a matching black thong underneath which covered almost none of her pert cheeks. She stayed bent over for a moment to let me appreciate the unusual amount of skin on display here - she was not typically a thong wearer. When she stood and turned around, I took in the front of the minimal garment. A small triangle of lace covered her intimate parts, but sat so low on her pelvis that a tuft of her dark, silky pubic hair peeked out over the top.
"I remembered you liked the peek earlier, with my bikini" she explained. "I was really going to shave before I put these on, but I hope you don't mind."
I didn't mind at all.
"That's hot as fuck," I said, before pulling her close and kissing her again, deeply. Our tongues teased each other while my hands found their way to her exposed ass cheeks. I gave them a firm squeeze as I lifted her up into my kiss.
She pulled away just far enough to whisper, "you're still wearing your clothes."
She began to undress me, starting by pulling my tee shirt over my head, then kneeling on the soft bath mat to unbutton my shorts. She removed them quickly and set her sights on my boxers.
Uncharacteristically for Nicole, she looked me straight in the eye while pulling them down. My hardening dick bounced free, swinging just centimeters form her face. She didn't blink.
I stepped out of the pile of my clothes, and before standing, she pecked a quick kiss on the shaft of my penis. She unhooked her bra, dropped her panties, and tossed them aside in one swift gesture. I had but a second to admire her completely nude body before she turned away and stepped into the shower. She gestured to me to follow.
I was used to Nicole initiating sex from time to time, even putting on a show for me like the strip-tease she had just performed. But the level of teasing had reached a high today.
I followed her. She coated herself in warm water before giving me my turn to warm up, then she resumed our kiss. Her hands started on my chest, then made their way down my stomach and onto my upper thighs. She squeezed them and sucked my bottom lip. I shuddered.
She then wrapped both hands firmly around my erect cock and held it. The sensuous combination of her loving kiss and firm grasp on my penis was amazing. The hot water continued to run down my shoulders, chest, and back. Nicole began to kiss my neck.
"Fuck, Nicole," I said. "Why is it so hot for you just to hold me like that?"
She shrugged. "I don't know, how is it when I do this?"
She began to stroke me, her hands twisting slightly in opposite directions as they moved up and down my shaft. My moan was all the answer she needed.
Her kisses became slower and lower, first moving to my chest, then my stomach, as she leaned further and further down. She kissed my left thigh as she dropped to a kneel. She broke away to look into my eyes, still stroking me with both hands.
"You're so hot," I said to her, "seriously, I might come just from this."
She winked, pleased with herself, and without a word took the head of my penis into her mouth.
"Fuck!" I whispered loudly. I stared into her eyes as she circled my cock with her tongue inside her mouth. In my aroused state, that alone probably would have pushed me over the edge after a couple of minutes, but she wasn't done. She opened her mouth a bit wider and took just over half of my cock.
She had rarely, maybe never, taken me this far into her mouth. Her oral treatments were often bare minimum to get me there, but the effort today was exceptional. Inspired, I thought, by the show on the trail.
The warmth and pressure on my dick were incredible. She began fellating, slowly, with her lips sealed tightly around the shaft, dragging the head back and forth on the roof of her mouth.
I was torn. On the one hand, I didn't want to prematurely end the best blowjob of our marriage. But on the other hand, I really wanted to fuck her. And knowing she was getting off, often, was the thing that got me over the edge.
"This is amazing," I said to her, "it feels so good, and it's really turning me on. And honestly I just want to fuck you."
She pulled my member out of her mouth with a coy pop as the seal of her lips broke. "Then come fuck me."
She stood and stepped out of the shower, and threw on one of the hotel's white terrycloth robes. I quickly toweled off and followed her, out of the bathroom and across the room, to the bed.
She placed her hands, then knees on the pristine white sheets, the contrast of which really made her cream colored skin and delicate freckles stand out. Facing away from me on all fours, she reached back with one hand and tossed up the hem of her robe.
"Jesus," I blurted out, as I took in the side of her bent over and presenting herself to me on the bed. Her knees were spread apart and her back was arched, and for the sake of my view, she couldn't have aimed her ass better.
Her pussy was the kind of warm shade of pink you might see inside a ripe strawberry. It was glistening as if sugar-glazed, and parted wide. Her butterfly wing lips were spread, and her vaginal opening was visible. Above this, her cheeks were spread just enough to grant a peek of her anus, and just below, a tuft of her coppery bush was visible. Never had a vulva begged so hard to be tasted. But we came here for a reason, and that reason required a different part of my body.
"I thought you were going to fuck me?" She asked over her shoulder, with a fake but still attractive schoolgirl tone.
I knelt behind her on the bed. I used my hands to guide us together, one on her left buttock and the other on my cock. I gripped both with conviction.
I lined myself to tease her before penetration. I rubbed, starting from the bottom at her clitoris, up to her opening, then back again. I started my way back upwards, but she was wise to my game and apparently in no mood to be teased. She threw her ass back towards me with perfect timing to, in a single stroke, plunge my entire length into her pussy.
Between her visible lubrication and her the lingering saliva and my precum on my cock, I guess we were more lubricated than I realized. I gasped as our pelvises collided. She moaned and gripped the sheets.
We had patterns and habits when making love, and Nicole was breaking all of them today. Before I could finish taking in the initial ecstasy of being fully inside her, she once again took control; she moved her lower body back and forth slowly, so that with each movement I went from completely buried, to having only the tip inside. It was a slow, deliberate movement, but expertly precise.
Trusting that my dick needed no further assistance, I moved my right hand to her other ass cheek. I was in absolute heaven. The sensation of repeatedly entering her to the fullest, combined with the view of her pleasantly positioned backside, and the soft, wet noises of our coupling, was sensory overload of the best kind.
Our bodies met over and over as we thrust into each other, with a soft clap each time. She lowered her upper body slightly to rest on her left elbow and lay her head on its side on a pillow, then reached under her body with her right hand and began to pleasure herself. This reminded me of the dark-haired woman I had watched, twice now, pleasuring herself during a sex act, and wondered if this is what inspired my wife to do the same. Whatever inspired it, it was hot knowing she was touching herself while we fucked. I told her as much.
She looked over her shoulder, her messy, reddish hair partially covering her face, and asked, "Want to watch?"
I nodded. She slid off of me, leaving my erect cock swinging freely and glistening with her abundant juices. I looked down at it and saw a drop of precum fall from the tip of my glans onto the bed, leaving behind a thin thread to its source.
I looked back up. Nicole had spun around and was now face up, scooting her butt towards the foot of the bed. I put my feet on the floor and got out of her way.
With her knees bent and toes curled over the edge of the mattress, legs spread just wide enough for me to slip between, she lined her pussy up with the edge of the bed, getting as close as she could without hanging over the edge. Her vulva all but beckoned me, shining with arousal, and in the sort of spread-open position that it only took on after being vigorously fucked. I stepped closer, and took the opportunity to tease her that she had robbed me of earlier; with my hand, I tilted my cock upwards just slightly, and rested it against her vulva. I rocked my hips back and forth while pressing down slightly with my hand, to stimulate her clitoris with the friction.
She gripped my torso with her thighs. "Stop teasing me, it's too late for that," she said, actually sounding a little serious. I didn't respond.
I kept grinding myself against her, applying pressure to her clitoris and rubbing my penis in an oval shape against her.
Her abdomen visibly tightened and she squirmed. "Fuck, Theo, just put it in," she inhaled sharply, "you're going to make me..."
I interrupted her, "I know." She threw her head back and exhaled. I extended my left arm to reach her breast, and pinched her nipple between my thumb and forefinger.
"You're really," she started, before moaning loudly mid-sentence, "doing this?"
Her nipple was hard and felt like a firm blueberry in my hand. I kneaded it between my fingers. She convulsed again.
"Fuck, Theo! I'm gonna," she started to say before correcting herself, "I'm coming!"
Quickly, I used my right hand to guide myself inside her, thrusting my full length into her orgasming vagina just in time to feel the first waves of her pleasure. She inhaled deeply and cursed again, her words drawn out and changing in pitch involuntarily as she came. Without missing a beat, I used my thumb to rub big circles on her clitoris like I had been with my cock.
The muscles in her vagina contracted spasmodically, squeezing my engorged head and shaft over and over. Rubbing against her as I had been was stimulating me, too, but I knew the grip of her climaxing vagina was the greatest feeling possible, and I was riding her waves of pleasure with her.
She had one hand on the pillow under her head, her grip looked so tight I wondered if she might pierce the fabric. Her other hand was on her right breast, and I continued stimulating the nipple of her left.
Just as it seemed her orgasm was coming to an end, her contracting pussy pushed me over the edge. I thrust my hips involuntarily as my climax began. Nicole grabbed my hand from her breast, brought it up to her mouth, and began to suck on my thumb. It was as if she were trying to see how much I could take.
I felt the first pulse of cum escape. Nicole was on the pill, but cumming inside her was still something we saved for special occasions. I savored this treat. I moaned loudly and closed my eyes as the remaining spurts filled her. My cock throbbed and it felt as if I had not ejaculated in weeks. I couldn't see it, obviously, but it felt like a monstrous load.
I collapsed on top of her and we kissed. This, I thought, was probably the best sex we had ever had. And I was taking notes.
~~~
The next day, late in the morning, we were arriving at the resort's elevated pool deck overlooking the ocean, when Nicole suddenly looked into her large cloth bag and cursed under her breath.
"I forgot my book," she explained. Our plan was, basically, to spend the whole day in and by the pool, and reading was our favorite way to spend that kind of time. "I have to go back and get it."
Attempting heroism, I offered to go get it for her. She refused. "No, I'll get it, I don't want to make you walk all the way back there." I nodded.
"I'll find us some good seats."
She smiled, handed me her towel, and gave me a quick kiss. "Thanks, babe," she turned quickly and started the approximately ten minute walk back to the room.
"Bummer," I thought to myself, not envying the extra twenty minutes of walking polluting our intentionally lazy vacation. I spotted a couple of lounge chairs with a small wood and stone table between them, conveniently under a wide umbrella. I walked to them and tossed a towel on each chair, then took off my shirt and made myself comfortable in the shade. Thinking it rude to start reading my book while Nicole was schlepping to retrieve hers, I just took in the view for a moment. The pool was surrounded by a dark artificial wood deck, about twenty feet on all sides of the oval of water. Shallow concrete steps led down towards the resort behind me, and waist-high glass guardrails bordered the end of the deck in front of me, across the pool. The deck overlooked a landscape of lush low-lying jungle bush stretching slowly downwards for about a half mile, which became a cliff, then about a hundred yards of beach leading up to the ocean. I took my sunglasses off to appreciate the vibrant blues and greens.
My spirits were exceptionally high, likely from the combination of my otherworldly surroundings and the remnant glow of the previous evening's earth-shattering sex. If it weren't for the small handful of other people scattered about the pool deck, I might be tempted to whistle to myself. Instead, I closed my eyes and took in the distsnt sounds of the ocean and the occasional bird's call. I breathed deeply.
Something rustled to my left but I kept my eyes closed, not wanting to be rude, but hoping desperately that someone hadn't been rude enough to snag the other chair beside mine that I hadn't claimed with Nicole's towel.
"Hello there, friend," a close-by man's voice with what I believed to be a Dutch accent said. I opened my eyes and looked to the left. My heart skipped a beat.
Sitting on the chair next to me was the bald man whom my wife and I had now, in total, seen engaging in wild sex on three separate occasions in the outdoor areas of the resort. My mouth hung open while I searched for words.
"It's okay, I'm just saying hello," he smiled in a reassuring way. This man was large; a couple inches taller than me, by my estimate, and at least 30 pounds of mostly muscle weight more than my average build. "You and your partner have been enjoying the shows, I hope,"
I still didn't know what to say. Were we really talking about this? I remembered the couple of moments when, while watching this man and his partner fuck, I had quietly doubted that anyone could be so oblivious.
"I, uh," I stammered, "we didn't mean to..."
"No, it's okay, really," he chuckled, "this sort of thing is the reason we come to adult resorts, we don't have to be so discreet and everyone is usually in a good mood, drunk, and horny anyway."
I nodded, unsure how to take any of this information.
"You'd be surprised how many people get inspired to do the same, once we've given them some ideas." I don't know how I imagined this guy would sound when I was watching him commit public sex acts, but he was much more soft spoken, polite and seemingly humble than I would have expected.
"So you knew? All three times?"
He frowned. "Three, hmm?" He looked genuinely pensive. "I know your lady saw us being intimate on our balcony, and I believe you both witnessed Johanna pleasuring me on the trail, but maybe we didn't notice our audience on another occasion?"
I nodded. "By the pool?"
He thought for a moment. "Monday?"
I nodded.
"Oh yes, outside the nightclub, you must have been very stealthy. Or I must have been a bit drunk. Say, that was probably a hell of a display for you to come across. We didn't know anyone was watching, it was quite satisfying sex though!"
He smiled seeming to recall details of the evening. I think he sensed some confusion about the reason for this conversation, I caught myself staring and he resumed talking.
"Well, I won't keep you long. I just wanted you to know that, if you've enjoyed our little streak of vacation exhibitionism, that we will be performing a sort of grand finale this evening in the atrium around eleven. It's open all night though basically nobody comes after dark. I promise it will be worth your while."
"Oh, okay, thanks for letting me know, I guess..." I trailed off still reeling from the awkwardness of this conversation. The man didn't seem uncomfortable in the least.
"Johanna gets a lot of, ehm, gratification, from knowing there's an audience. So I can't promise you'll be alone. But there are plenty of plants and bushes and such, if you're shy."
I nodded again.
"Well, anyway, I hope you and your partner enjoy the rest of your vacation! We will be leaving tomorrow morning, but it was a pleasure speaking with you," he put his sunglasses back on and waved. "Adieu!"
"See you later," I said out of sheer habit, before realizing the implication of what I had said. "I mean, bye!" I blurted.
My heart was racing. He had just invited me and my wife to watch him and his partner get it on in front of an audience. What thefuck?
The man had just disappeared around a corner when Nicole strolled down the path, towards the stairs to the deck and into my peripheral view. Her shining reddish hair caught my eye. I was still deciding what I was going to tell her, and had been counting on another minute or two.
I forced a smile at her. "Shit," I thought, "that didn't look normal at all."
"Was that bald guy just over here?" She asked in a loud whisper, "He just walked by me and smiled at me, I almost lost my shit!"
I nodded. "You think you almost lost your shit? He fuckingtalkedto me."
I told my incredulous wife about my largely one-sided conversation with the man, and explained that they knew they were being watched. I remained undecided about mentioning the atrium invitation, but I couldn't keep from telling her. She was hanging on my every word and I knew it would blow her mind, so I explained.
"He said it's going to be fucking wild. It's their last night and they want to go out with a, well..." I couldn't finish the accidental pun.
Nicole shook her head. "Who invites strangers to something like that? And what the fuck are they going to do? What do these people consider crazy?"
I had no answers to any of these questions. I could see the gears turning in Nicole's head as she presumably tried to guess what the couple's final show would entail. I was, honestly, a little turned on imagining the dirty thoughts running through her mind.
We spent the rest of the afternoon reading, or at least pretending to read, by the pool. We took a couple short dips when it felt hot out, but mostly sat in silence. I occasionally looked up to see Nicole staring into the distance with her book open in her lap. I could tell her thoughts were fixated on something, and I felt pretty sure I knew what it was.
~~~
We were back in the room getting cleaned up and dressed for dinner. Nicole had been pretty quiet all afternoon.
"So what do you think they're going to do?" She finally asked. "She's already given him head and fucked him in public, do you think there's anything they can do to top that?"
I shrugged, "I don't know, maybe they'll do it in some crazy position or something, they're both quite fit."
This gave her pause. "Like what? Standing or something?" Nicole occasionally reminded me, on accident, how much less porn she had watched than I had.
"I wouldn't be surprised if these two have a copy of the Kama Sutra back home," I chuckled. "I have no idea what they might try." I was pretty sure Nicole wouldn't want to accept the invitation, but was hoping her curiosity might get the better of her. I wouldn't call myself a voyeur in general, but I had found it a turn on to watch these two beautiful people engage in shameless, ecstatic sex. And who knows if we'd ever have another chance to see something like this?
"Guess we'll never know," I smiled and shook my head. Nicole was silent.
Our conversation while walking to, waiting for, and eating our dinner was sparse - mostly pointing out pretty views, discussing the menu, and commenting on the food and drink. It was a great meal - traditional American steakhouse fare with a couple of glasses of wine each, and a Brazilian bread pudding for dessert. We arrived at eight and took our time enjoying the meal, even in relative silence, as I think we both pondered the details of the event we had been invited to this evening. It was about 10:30 when we found ourselves leaving the restaurant heading back to our room.
We were completely alone. Our walk slowed to a halt as we passed the atrium, which sat about a hundred yards off the main brick path. It was one of the more architecturally impressive buildings on the resort grounds. It had walls that formed a square, probably about forty feet to a side, with smooth concrete walls broken up by full height windows that could be opened during the day to let a breeze pass through. They were currently closed, but the double doors to the atrium were propped open, and soft, low lights illuminated the paths and lit the bushes and trees from below. On top of the atrium's 12-foot walls was a glass pyramid which acted as the building's roof. A few beams of light made it past the foliage and lit up the beams holding the glass in place. Tops of flowering trees peeked up into the pyramid and were visible from outside.
"I hear there's some crazy shit going down in there tonight," I joked and nodded towards the building. "We might wanna get out of here."
"Oh," my wife said, as if snapping out of a trance. "Yeah, do you want to go?"
I paused. I hadn't really considered the possibility that Nicole would be interested in the invitation to the public sex show. Her slack-jawed awe during the blowjob incident hinted at morbid curiosity and maybe a little bit of guilty voyeuristic pleasure, but that was an accident. She was too proper to seek something like that out. At least, I thought she was.
"The night is young, we can go anywhere you like," I replied. Her gaze wandered back to the atrium.
I asked her, more boldly than I even meant to, perhaps due to the wine in my belly, "are you curious?"
Her eyes snapped back to me. "Honestly, yes." We were silent for a moment, in my case because of shock, and perhaps embarrassment in her case.
"I don't know, Theo, I almost don't want to say this because it's embarrassing." She turned slightly so she wasn't facing me directly. "I hadn't seen anything before like what we saw the other day, and when I stopped being shocked and offended, I realized I was kind of turned on."
I smiled. "I think that's normal. That's why people watch porn."
"So it turned you on, too?"
I nodded. "The first time it turned me on a little, but the stuff they were doing was so insane, I was too confused to be very aroused. But when you and I saw her going down on him on the mountain, watching your reaction to it was a major turn on."
She smiled, her eyebrows raised. "Really? Why?"
I thought for a moment. "Well, I've always thought I was the dirtier mind between the two of us..."
She interrupted. "You are."
"Well," I continued, "watching your eyes, and your mouth hanging open, seeing you watch a couple having sex out in the open and be intrigued by it," I lost my words. "I don't know! It was hot."
She seemed pleased by my explanation.
"So you are curious?" I asked again.
"Yes, definitely." She explained. "And I'm a little jealous that you got so much more of a show than me! I could only see her tits on the balcony, and they kept their clothes on when she blew him. I don't know, just seems like they have a lot more to offer than what I witnessed."
"So are we going in there?" I pried.
"We can not tellanyone, Theo. Ever. I'm serious. This is real perv shit and I feel like nobody would understand this situation out of context."
"Of course, I would never tell anyone," I said. "But I think we'd regret not going in there."
She nodded and held out her hand to me. I took it, and we walked down the path towards the atrium.
~~~
We hadn't yet found time to visit the garden in the atrium. When we checked in, the clerk at the front desk had recommended it, and the website we booked the stay through had noted its beauty.
Ever since my conversation with the bald Dutch gentleman, I had wondered what the couple's plan was for their finale show. Would they just have sex in an open area of the garden? I wondered if they had invited other people; would we all just stand in a circle and watch? I really hoped not, we certainly weren't interested in being seen in a situation like that, and we would not want to interact with any of the show's other, for lack of a better word, patrons.
The brick sidewalk turned to white and gray streaked granite as we crossed the threshold of the atrium. A thin strip of brass separated each side of the path from grass and topsoil, from which sprouted a diverse selection of tropical and desert wildlife. Small lights in the earth aimed up through the leaves and illuminated the plants and the path. It was dim, but not hard to find our way around. The path snaked around the outskirts of the building before turning slightly inward and becoming a spiral leading towards the center. Once we were in the second ring of the spiral, it became rather difficult to see out the atrium's windows, and unless one looked up at the glass ceiling, the illusion of being in a very well-kept tract of rainforest was actually quite strong.
Here and there along the spiral path were small diversions with a bench each, big enough for two or three people to sit on, with a few extra lights for safety. I noticed through the small trees that, in the center of the room, ring of spotlights shone up straight through the center of the glass pyramid.
Once we reached the center of the spiral, I could see there was a solid stone circle in the middle of the building, and there were metal structures with hooks for flowering potted plants to hang from. I figured that the spotlights must normally illuminate the flowers hanging here. At present, though, with nothing hanging here, we just saw a large portion of the glass pyramid.
One of the offshoot paths with a bench sat right before the spiral path ended, and conveniently gave a good view of the open stone circle area without facing it directly.
"This looks like a good place to sit," I whispered to Nicole, playing the part of an unknowing garden-goer simply enjoying the flora. She gave me a sort of what-the-hell-are-you-doing look then sat down on the bench. She put her purse in her lap and folded her hands over it. I could see she was nervous. I sat beside her.
"You think they'll do it in the circle?" She whispered in my ear, barely audibly.
"I think so, that makes the most sense."
Nicole looked around, but looked like she was trying not to turn her head. She whispered again. "Do you think there's anyone else here?"
I held my finger to my lips and looked around in silence. I didn't see anyone, but the place was big enough that someone could have come in before us and hidden themselves away.
Not a moment before I shrugged in answer to Nicole's question, we heard a soft giggle. A woman's voice, and it sounded far away, but definitely in the building with us.
"Maybe so," I whispered. "Can't see anyone."
I checked the time on my phone. 11:02. Nicole saw the clock, too.
"They're late," she whispered. I nodded.
We sat in silence, only broken by another pair of giggles, this time two women. Nicole and I looked at each other as if to say "yep, there are more."
A couple more minutes passed without event. But suddenly we heard a sound from above and behind us; a short clattering, then the sound of slow, careful footsteps on thick glass. I scanned the glass ceiling above in disbelief; thinking surely someone wasn't on the roof. They were.
On a barely lit part of the pyramid I could make out two figures.
"It's them," I whispered to Nicole, pointing towards the couple. She spotted them and nodded. They were creeping around the steeply angled walls of the pyramid, and as they came around the corner closest to us, they were caught in the light coming up through the trees. The man and woman were both fully nude except for their shoes.
"Holy shit," Nicole whispered much louder than before. She grabbed my arm firmly, even a little painfully, but I was too focused on the couple to care. The woman's dark hair was tied behind her head, and she was wearing thick-soled running shoes, presumably for their grip. The man was wearing a small bag across his chest and similar shoes, but was otherwise naked. They both kept at least one hand on the glass as they shimmied sideways toward a clearing in the trees.
The angle of the pyramid meant they were angled slightly downward and were on full display; the woman's large breasts swung with her each move across the glass, and her dark sliver of pubic hair stood out against her pale skin even in the dim light. When she stepped her leg out to the side, I could catch a peek of her vulva, not yet aroused and neatly tucked away. The man's impressive flaccid penis and testicles swung at a similar cadence.
One of the women we had heard before cackled briefly before being shushed by her companion.
Without acknowledging their audience or even taking a moment to rest after their climb, the man turned carefully around and laid on his back, against the sloped glass of the pyramid. The woman, whose name I now knew to be Johanna, climbed upwards then stepped over him with one leg, poised in a triangle with her butt over his chest. She climbed further up, and put a foot on each of his shoulders, then kneeled against the glass and sat on his face. Nicole inhaled sharply and tightened her grip on my arm again. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I had expected them to be fucking on a chair or something in the garden, not on the glass roof of the building! How had they even gotten up there?
My internal dialogue was silenced as Johanna leaned forward, arms fully extended above her head and palms against the glass. She was squarely in the spotlight now, having her pussy eaten while we watched.
Unsurprisingly, the man seemed to know what she was doing. Soft, occasional moans could be heard through the glass, and she arched her back in pleasure in those moments. He had his hands on her ass, and appeared to pull her hips down against his face from time to time.
"Oh, fuck!" I could just make out the muffled words through the glass. She wasn't shouting, but her voice had gotten louder. She pressed her pendulous pale breasts against the glass and turned her head to the side, moaning again and grinding her hips into the man's face. His head moved subtly, side to side and up and down, as he serviced her. Her mouth was ajar and her chest heaved with each breath.
The cunnilingus continued for several moments, with Johanna's moans and expletives growing louder each time we heard her. I again admired the warm lavender color of her nipples and the spectacular size of her breasts. This angle provided the kind of view you couldn't even imagine seeing in porn; everything from the movement in her thighs as she writhed with pleasure to the tightening of her abdominal muscles when she heaved was clearly visible; the only thing that wasn't visible was the surely dripping wet vulva she was grinding into her man's mouth.
Suddenly her movements became sharper and more dramatic. She lifted her upper body and placed her hands on the glass in front of her. She hunched forward, with her mouth wide open.
"She's about to come," Nicole whispered absentmindedly. She was right. Johanna moaned loudly and her knees shot together over the top of the man's head. She threw her head back and her chest heaved with each breath and moan. Her dark, erect nipples pointed straight down and shook as her body trembled. The man had his hands on her hips and was pulling her down onto his tongue and lips as she climaxed.
She lingered for a moment after her orgasm subsided, catching her breath, before hopping up energetically. Without seeming to exchange any words, they rearranged their bodies into a new tableau; she leaned forward over the angled glass and propped herself up with her hands, so that her body formed a triangle with the roof of the atrium as its third leg. Her legs were spread just wider than shoulder width apart.
The man stood and turned, putting his large and fully erect penis on display for the first time of the evening. I thought I heard one of our hidden peers in the atrium gasp. He positioned himself standing behind her, his feet in between hers, and prepared to enter her from behind.
The genius of this plan was the unbelievable level of visibility; the angled glass and our position underneath the lovers meant we could see every detail of their lovemaking. Johanna's privates, from the slim strip of dark pubic hair, to her engorged clitoris and glistening, swollen inner labia, to the opening of her vagina, were visible to us. Her breasts swung slightly with every movement, and his eager cock pointed dead ahead, all in clear view.
He grasped his penis around its base and gave it a slow swipe up her waiting slit, borrowing some of her lubrication. He spread her moisture around his glans with his right hand, before placing it back on the shaft. He put his left hand on her hip, then entered her.
He slid his cock into her, slowly but unrelentingly, closing his eyes in pleasure as her pussy enveloped him. Her mouth hung open and she moaned loud enough for us to hear. As if remembering she had an audience, Johanna collected herself and pressed her ass back against her man's body, taking his full length in stride.
In a way that, at this point, should not have surprised me in the slightest, she got to work. Despite her delicate perch on slanted glass, she took full control began riding her man's member. She threw her curvy ass back and forth on his rod with such enthusiasm and force that a weaker man may have been knocked over. Every couple of thrusts, she would give it something extra, and it seemed like he was using every muscle in his body to keep balance. But he was still enjoying himself plenty.
He planted both hands on her ass, perhaps to stabilize himself. Her breasts rippled with the force of her powerful movements.
She adjusted her hands so that one was centered in front of her and she was balanced against it. Her other hand was free and immediately made its way to her clitoris, where she began the same circling motion I had witnessed by the pool; oddly much slower this time, despite the rapid in-and-out occurring just south of there. With her head thrown back, she began to moan again, louder this time. The man kept his cool, dutifully being ridden, while his partner received double attention. I marveled at the physical strength and stamina the woman must have possessed; to be basically holding an awkward push-up, while vigorously masturbatingandriding a cock in a vertical position was no small feat.
I looked at Nicole. She was completely engrossed. Her legs were crossed tightly at the knees, her legs visibly tense, and her hands folded across her lap. The muscles in her legs were visibly tense and her mouth was slightly agape. I wondered if she was aroused enough from watching this to be wet. I wished I could find out for myself.
She didn't notice me staring at her, but when she whispered "Jesus," I quickly looked back at the lovers on display. Johanna's masturbating hand was working much quicker now, and she had switched from the fast back and forth to a slow rolling motion with her hips. She was moaning loudly.
After a moment of this, she cried out, "Fuck!" and fell to her knees. Still touching herself, but having come off of her man's penis, she opened her mouth wide. The position of her arms pressed her breasts together in a very pleasing way.
She screamed again, "Oh, fuck!" she convulsed with pleasure for a split second before a small amount of clear fluid erupted from her vulva and splashed onto the glass of the roof as she came for the second time. I was shocked; this was now the fourth of her orgasms I had witnessed, and nothing like this had happened before. Was this squirting? I wasn't even sure squirting was possible. But rather than debate internally as to whether she had just peed, I decided to enjoy the show. It was fucking hot; the visual of a woman at the height of sexual tension experiencing explosive release.
I noticed, then, that I was rock hard in my pants. I couldn't remember if I had been for long, maybe a few minutes, but the sight of Johanna exploding in orgasmic bliss certainly made me aware of my own arousal.
I looked again at my wife. She didn't seem as shocked as I would have expected at the sight of the puddle above us, now running down the slanted glass towards the wall. She was enthralled with the same expression I had seen last glance. Her hands were close to her genitals, but I didn't detect any stimulation. I guess this wasn't that kind of peep show.
I returned my gaze to the display above, half wondering if it would be over now that the woman had climaxed twice. But it didn't appear to be winding down.
Johanna rose to just one knee and turned around, stroking the man's cock with the hand she had been masturbating with, sharing her lubrication with him. It appeared to be an ample supply. He leaned down and kissed her, briefly but passionately, as she stroked his cock. Then she turned around and assumed the same position as before. "Are they going to keep fucking after that?" I wondered to myself, not believing such stamina to be possible.
Johanna lowered herself to rest on her knees and elbows, arching her back deeply and pointing her ass skyward as a result. The man had taken a small bottle of lube from his bag and coated his penis with it. He once again grabbed his member at the base in preparation for coitus, but this time moved more slowly, deliberate and gentle in his approach. His lubricated cock head glistened, and he stroked it patiently while appearing to contemplate her body. He aimed himself downward and teased her with the tip.
It took me a moment to realize what, exactly, he was teasing, though. He rubbed against her slowly, and my view of her vulva remained unobstructed;he was rubbing it against her asshole. I wondered if Nicole had noticed, and when I stole a glance her way, I couldn't tell. She was still watching closely, but her expression didn't reveal any surprise.
Johanna looked over her shoulder at her partner, with an expression halfway between affectionate and goading. They locked eyes as he continued to grind against her backside, and, after a moment, she nodded.
He pressed against her and she slowly accepted him. His unwavering erection, which had lasted now through two of his partner's orgasms, was slowly inching into her ass. He took his sweet time, thrusting back and forth a half inch a number of times for each inch he entered her with, stopping once to apply more lube to his shaft. He visibly shuddered as she took more than half of his depth.
She didn't ride him with the same force and confidence she had when he was buried in her pussy, but once he had reached his desired depth and held still a moment, she clearly became more comfortable. Her right hand crossed her body to play with her dangling left breast, first squeezing it with her whole palm, then twisting her nipple between her thumb and middle finger. She looked over her shoulder and nodded again.
He resumed thrusting, at first in the same small movements he had done to ease the process of penetrating her asshole, but slowly building to larger movements. After a moment, we could clearly see his full shaft, slowly emerging and being plunged back into her tight ass. Her hand was still working her nipple and she was clearly enjoying herself, though with a more relaxed and focused enjoyment than the frenzy that led up to her previous climaxes.
As if the thrusting so far had merely been to warm her up, though, the man began to thrust harder, bringing the flesh of her cheeks all the way to meet his pelvis. Now propping herself up on just her right elbow, Johanna reached down with her left hand and plunged her middle and ring finger into her swollen pussy. She looked over her shoulder once more and bit her lower lip while making eye contact with her lover. As if worked up into another echelon of arousal, the man grabbed both of Johanna's ass cheeks and began to fuck her in a manner I can only describe as pounding.
"Fucking Christ," I heard Nicole whisper. I looked over to see her legs pressed tightly together at the thighs and her hand caught in between them at her crotch. It wasn't moving, but clearly she was aroused as all hell. I thought of how wet she must be, and how badly I wished I was doing to her the things I was seeing this couple do over our heads.
Johanna shifted, her bare knees squeaking against the thick glass as she pressed her face and tits into the glass, both arms now under her body. One hand spread the lips of her dripping pussy while the other plunged in and out of her opening. The man's head was tilted back, and every vigorous thrust he produced sent ripples through her generous ass cheeks and thighs.
This continues for a minute, then all at once, he withdrew his cock from her and she collapsed onto the roof, clearly convulsing in her third climax of the night, her fingers still buried in her vagina while her other hand worked her clitoris. Her moans were just audible through the thick glass.
The man stroked himself once, then twice, then he turned slightly to the left and let out a roar as his penis erupted into the cool night air, sending volcanic projectiles of hot cum arcing over his rapt audience. Each rope hung in the air as if in slow motion, before splattering audibly onto the glass. It looked like an unreasonable amount of cum, each spurt looking and sounding like a heaping tablespoon. The couple spasmed with pleasure as they came in unison.
Suddenly, from behind us, a woman's voice moaned deeply and almost screamed, "Oh,fuck," before being muffled.
"Somebody else just came," I thought to myself before locking eyes with Nicole who had clearly also been surprised. I wondered to myself if the woman had been masturbating, or if she was with a partner. Either way, the thought aroused me.
I turned my eyes back to the evening's performers. Johanna had turned over onto her back and was leaning upwards, and her partner leaned down to kiss her deeply but briefly. He then took a cloth from his pouch, and cleaned his semen from the glass. He tucked the cloth back away, then helped his woman upright. They both looked down into the greenhouse knowingly, Johanna winked and blew a kiss in the general direction of their audience, and then they headed back for the ladder and vanished into the night.
~~~
Nicole sat on the edge of our hotel room bed, knees together, hands on the bed at her sides. She looked downwards, clearly deep in thought. We had agreed on the walk back to our room that a glass of wine was in order. I was having a hard time reading her.
"You okay, babe?" I asked her, while filling the second glass. She looked up at me as if coming out of a daze.
"Yeah, I'm good." She nodded and lifted her eyes.
I met her gaze. "Are you sure? Was that all too much?"
She looked pensive. "I'm not sure. I honestly can't believe we went there knowing what was going to happen. I would normally never do something like that."
Not knowing how to respond, I nodded and we sat in silence for a moment, each sipping occasionally at our wine. After a while, I asked her a question. It was unlike me, and I'm not sure if I was emboldened by the drink, the outlandish events of the evening, my own latent arousal, or some combination thereof.
"You were pretty turned on, weren't you?" I felt sure I already knew the answer. She opened her mouth as if she was about to gasp but stopped herself. As if she had thought the question bold until she thought truthfully about the answer.
"I, I don't..." She stammered.
"It's just that I noticed," I said softly and nonchalantly, not wanting to make her feel ashamed, "your legs clamped rather tightly around your hand, at one point." I smiled. "And your hand rather close to your loins." She rolled her eyes at my archaic vocabulary.
"I mean, maybe, a little! Yes! It was live fucking pornography, Theo!" She chuckled nervously and averted her gaze from mine.
"They were attractive people! It's natural!" I encouraged.
"Some of the shit they were doing was completely wild. The exhibitionism, the positions, the..." She trailed off.
"The anal?"
She nodded once, exaggeratedly.
"I guess seeing that, and feeling aroused at it, it surprised me. I haven't spent much time watching other people fuck before this trip." She looked at me, knowing I had more of a history with watching pornographic films than she did. I shrugged.
"I think it's natural to be aroused by that. It's evolutionary."
"I guess it made me think about things I haven't tried, we haven't tried," she corrected, "that maybe we'd enjoy."
I raised my eyebrows and tilted my head, trying not to look too excited.
"Easy there," she chided, "I don't think I'm going to be taking it up the ass any time soon."
I can't say I wasn't a little disappointed. But I nodded, looking forward to the experimentation she was implying. We talked about her curiosity for a while and explored the idea of role playing, more casual nudity and touching around the house, and even the idea of outdoor sex, if the conditions were right.
Naturally, the conversation led to kissing, touching, and a lovely shower together in which we didn't step more than a few inches apart. I sat on the shower seat and my fingers explored her most intimate parts tenderly while kissing her neck and sucking her nipples. She wrapped her delicate hands around my erect cock and stroked me slowly, gently, matching the waves of her own pleasure until we came together, kissing deeply as we rode the undulating pulses of endorphins and orgasmic spasms. We slept naked, spooning, as our tipsy post-climactic bliss faded into restful sleep.
The next day of vacation was our last, and we spent it vegetating on the beach, holding each other closely and flirting. It was a great vacation and one I'll not soon forget. And the long-term effect on our sex life is something I am grateful for to this day.