"Why don't you find out yourself?" Alois drawled, brushing back his fluffy dark hair with one hand as he looked down at me, one eyebrow quirked playfully.
His sensuous gaze followed the movement of my fingers, pausing when he noticed my palm splayed over the evident bump in his pants. He smirked. "Your hands seem to know exactly what to look for."
"Oh yeah?" I suggested softly as I got down from the table to kneel in front of him. Flashing him a small smile, I let both my hands trail up and down his thighs while looking at him expectantly. "Why don't you give it to me then?" Letting my fingers play with with the button on his jeans, I bit my lip. "I'm kind of parched right now."
Behind me Miles chuckled. "Just give it to this little hoe, Alois." He said as I looked up to see the latter's eyes fixed on my face. They glinted a shade of dark green as they trailed over my eyes, my slightly parted mouth and down to the exposed skin of my folded legs, before flicking back to my face. I could well imagine what I looked like in his eyes.
The perfect, obedient whore, poised and waiting for him to use. It felt awfully degrading but it also gave me a thrilling feeling of empowerment, making me feel sexier than I'd ever felt before.
Besides, I couldn't exactly say that I hated the way my pussy clenched excitedly at the thought of being fucked by multiple men either. If Eric didn't have a problem with me taking different lovers, if the thought of other guys using me to get themselves off actually turned him on, and if any of this wasn't going to harm out relationship, there wasn't really a reason for me to act diffident.
I knew, in the boys' eyes, I seemed like I was the 'helpless' one, the slave to their sexual whims and fancies, the 'filthy whore' they could dirty talk to and use to fulfill their dirtiest sexual fantasies. They thought that they had established a sort of control, an unquestionable dominance over me.
And why not? It helped them get all worked up, kicked up their testosterone levels and made them feel like they owned me, only fuelling their desire further. It didn't particularly matter to them what I got out of the whole arrangement, but I was well aware of the fact that I didn't have the short end of the deal at all.
In the end, more sex only really meant more orgasms for me and which woman would ever dream of saying no to that?
Biting my lower lip slightly, I bounced softly on my knees, as if silently asking Alois to turn his attention back to me. Grazing my palm against the front of his jeans, I let my fingers teasingly squeeze his length for a couple of seconds before making quick work of his jeans and flashing him a coy look.
"Are you sure you have enough spunk to satisfy my thirst?" I raised an eyebrow, gently wrapping my palm around his girth and starting to slide it along his already semi-hard length.
Alois smirked devilishly at me as he reached down to tip up my chin. Possessively thumbing my lower lip, his green eyes glinted brightly as they intently followed the path of his thumb. His smirk grew. "You swallowing my load is long overdue, angel. You'll be surprised at how satisfied you feel after I'm done with you."
Behind me Connor chuckled. "Don't get ahead of yourself, mate. Sluts like her don't get satisfied that easily. The more you use them, the more greedy they become."
Alois nodded, turning his gaze back to me. His eyes glinted with unconcealed enjoyment. "I'm sure that's true considering you're here on your knees in front of me, right angel?" Tilting his head, he grinned a devilish smile. "Despite the little stunt you pulled last night, acting like a cheap little whore and spreading your legs to give us a show after you'd already been getting it for hours, you being here right now, salivating for my cock only proves that theory."
I shrugged, flipping my hair off my shoulder. "No theory's proven until tested."
Laugher echoed around the room. "This bitch's sassy!" Miles whistled lowly. "It's always fun fucking the sass out of 'em, no Alois?"
"Of course," Alois hummed and reached down to grip my hair tightly. Shooting me a half-smirk, he pulled me closer to his pelvis, pushing his length into my mouth. "You better suck this right, sweetheart. Practice a little," He thrust deeper into my mouth, the tip of his cock hitting the back of my throat as I bobbed into his length, lewd sucking and choking sounds filling my ears. "Before we each take turns fucking your pretty little mouth."
I felt the rest of the boys move in closer as I brought Alois nearer to his release, his precum tasting slightly bitter on my tongue. Allowing my muscles to relax, I let him thrust down my throat, gagging a little due to his size. Thankfully, he was one of those guys who took hygiene very seriously and even as I breathed in through my nose, all I could smell was a clean scent of citrus soap and a hint of cologne which made the whole thing much more enjoyable.
Above me, Alois groaned gutturally as I squeezed his length hard. His fingers tightened in my scalp as he shouted out his release, shooting ropes of cum down my throat. I was pretty sure that I was going to swallow a heck lot of cum today and needless to say, this didn't feel like a bad start at all.
Knees already aching, I looked to Eric who immediately came forward to give me a hand, delicately kissing my cheek before seating me on the couch. "I'm sure we are all pretty hard by now." He whispered as I instinctively let my gaze fall below his waist. Sure enough, his cock was straining to get out of its constraints.
"I can see that." I smiled at him. "You want me to blow you first?"
Eric's eyes widened. "Uh no, actually." He chuckled. "Why don't you blow the poor guys first." He gestured towards Miles and Connor. "They've been patiently waiting for their turn but I'm not sure how long they can continue doing that."
"Well," I hummed, lowering my voice. "They're certainly a lot more patient than your other friends, aren't they? Those impatient perverts couldn't wait to get their hands up my skirt at all."
"You've certainly got that part right." Eric smirked. "Unlike the horny teenage boys who've never seen a girl naked before, they're fully grown men who've seen you in action countless times already. They know how to wait, hold back a little and let you warm up to them so that later they can fuck your tight little pussy right."
My breath hitched. "Are you sure about that, Eric?
At that my boyfriend simply grinned. "Never been surer, baby."