The Central line tube London in the heart of August the hottest place on earth. Sweat poured from overdressed and unsuspecting tourists. The regular commuters were regrettably wearing suits with ties to the apple, and style cream running from their hair. Squeezing, touching, and rubbing against all manner of people to fill every last available space, the only place where even the visible seem invisible.
Jack lay unseen, pressed back down against the set of doors he knew wouldn't open for the next six stops, this was his favourite vantage point from here he could see everything and all he had to do was wait. She had no name but he had been following watching waiting for weeks, he need not know her name he knew her so well already.
Three weeks ago he first saw her; he was riding back and forth on the rush hour in the hope of spotting someone like her, around 23 she stood at 5ft 4 and with heels around 5ft 7. She must work in the city he thought always smartly dressed but her skirt was short enough to ensure that where ever she went she was noticed. Her breasts were small but seemed firm any bigger would have looked odd on her slender figure, her skin was golden brown, not the unnatural kind, it screamed of Mediterranean heritage, her eyes were hazel and her lips plump and red. Long brown curls fell to her shoulders and framed her face. She was and is the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.
The tube was crowed and when Rachel got on she pushed her way right to the back to the other set of doors as she always did, she had a few stops to go and did not want to keep moving out of the way for other people. Today was hot not as warm as yesterday but on the tube there no air and what air there was heavy and damp. Every person she touched on her way to the back set of doors was sticky and sweaty, her hand reached up for the bar but she was not quick enough. The jerk of the tube pulling away from the station forced her to step her left leg out and stop her from falling. She did not want to fall on the balding guy next to her who already had his eyes boring holes in her chest. By the time she had regained her balance her hand was on the bar and someone else's foot was in-between hers not allowing her to close her legs. Normally this would make her uncomfortable however today was so hot that she could do with her legs not sticking together.
Jack could not believe his luck, laying in the same position he always had she had opened her legs for him, he stared dreamily drinking in the entirety of her slender legs, his eyes started at her perfect size 4 feet in a set of heels that meant her calves stood to glorious attention. Jack's eyes drifted up and up and he finally he allowed himself the pleasure, from this angle he could not see the lace that ran so deep between her plump cheeks only a thin triangular piece of material that covered her cunt, it was stunning and perfectly contained each side of the material lay pimpled skin of a recent shave and the elastic lay fold to a small plump bulge. Jack wanted nothing more than to sit up and bury his face between her legs and smell her sweetness, this thought made him twitch, he couldn't stop himself he lifted his right hand up not touching but tracing the inside of her thigh, and held his finger an inch from her perfect cunt, he wanted to feel her heat but he could not risk touching the bulge, not yet.
The tube was beginning to filter out and Rachel wondered over to take a seat two more stops and she would be nearly home, Rachel knew this Friday would be the quietest in a while her flatmate had gone back to her parents and she had no plans other than going straight to sleep.
Jack followed her closely out of the tube station all the way back to her flat, it was already gone 7 and London was heaving with drunk people every guy turned their heads to watch her walk by, her tight arse wrapped in thin black material was enough for any man to follow but no one else did just Jack, tonight she was going to be his. Jack knew that once she had reached her home that he would have to wait for her to come out to the back door for her last cigarette before bed and as it happened that wouldn't be a long wait.
Rachel opened the door to her ground floor flat and swept inside she longed for her bed and sleep but she must check the back door and smoke before bed this was her ritual and she only felt safe if she locked the back door herself.
She stood smoking in the doorway her heels were off and so was her blazer she stood there in a black skirt a white blouse untucked with a cigarette dangling elegantly from her fingers she looked somehow more vulnerable and even hotter than she had done on the tube. Jack stood close he knew his window of opportunity was small and he must seize it, she stepped gently down from the door and took two paces towards the ash tray, this was it, Jack stole inside and made his way into her bedroom.
Rachel shut the door and locked it behind her lifting and checking the handle to be extra sure, she never did enjoy staying alone in an empty flat. When she got to her bedroom she noticed the heat right away, the sun faces her room all day and the heat was stifling. She unbuttoned her white blouse with a deft touch and slid it off her shoulders and over her arms; she unclipped her bra and dropped it to the floor. Her skirt she spun round so that the zip would be facing the front and slowly wriggled and stepped out of it. She caught her reflection in the mirror and smiled, hooking her thumbs through the thin lace of her thong she moved her hands back and forth along the string, facing her arse to the mirror shed glanced back, adjusting the thong so it would be comfortable for sleep. With this she takes two strides to the small single bed and lays face down and buried her face in her hands and left her arse up majestically, no need for covers tonight it is far too hot.
Jack sat and waited for the sound of heavy breathing to fill the room, when it finally did Jack stood up and looked over at the girl he had wanted for weeks, it couldn't be more perfect. Slowly he crept over to the end of the bed, he had the same view as on the tube but this time he could not stop himself, he placed his hands gently on the bed either side of her hips, he lowered his face down slowly until his nose was inches away from the tight bulge in her thong her sweetness her perfect cunt on the tip of his nose and he drunk it in, his fat dick began to twitch. His nose brushed softly over the lace of her thong he could feel the heat. He lifted one hand off the bed and slipped a finger under her thong at the top of cheeks, as he slid his finger down, the thin material pulled itself from the tight clutches of her pert arse until it reached the bulge here it clung for a second before springing off to reveal her moist slit. Jack's nose inches away he stretched out his tongue and tasted her, he ran his tongue deep in her wet slit, up and down until her hips were starting to gyrate to the movement of his mouth. Now both hands were off her bed and on her arse pulling apart her cheeks to reveal a sweet tender puckering arsehole. Jack's tongue left her slit and began to circle playfully around her hole probing and sinking in where he could.
Rachel eyes begin to slowly open, she feels so horny she hasn't had a dream like that in such a long time, she rolls over and runs her hand down to her pussy, its sopping wet, she smiles ear to ear, that's when she feels it, like a tongue on her clit then a kiss on her stomach this feels so real but she can see nothing, she can feel weight on the bed but she can't figure out what's causing it, that's when the kissing starts again this time she feels soft lips gently tugging at her stiffening nipples, the lips start making their way up her neck towards her own lips, a strong tongue forces it way inside her mouth, she can taste herself and it tastes sweet. Her own tongue begins to dance and probe the inside of the mouth she cannot see. Her hands reach down to her cunt and just past that's when she feels it, the tongue in her mouth that tastes of her, the weight on the bed and now this; hard, throbbing turgid member is waiting about 3 inches from her entrance, her hands expertly feel the length of the shaft, she strokes kindly and when she hits the base her hand drops and grasps two heavy balls ready to explode. Rachel breaks the kiss and the lips smack as they pull apart, she whispers not knowing to whom,
"Fuck me..."
Jack hears a whisper, now his thick 9 inch cock is twitching at the entrance of her wet cunt, his muscular hands resting either side of her head, supporting him, when her hand drops away from his balls, he slowly edges forward his helmet slippery with pre-cum until it rests at her wetness. She shoves her tongue back in his mouth, as he thrusts into to her, it's so tight the wall of her tight cunt hugs Jack's fat cock all the way until his laden balls slap softly against her arse, she breaks the kiss again and groans as he begins to pump rhythmically, at each thrust her hips come to meet his begging him to go deeper and deeper.
Rachel feels her tight cunt being stretch and shaped by this huge cock, her hand moves down his invisible back until she reaches his arse and pulls him in, with every stroke she can feel her excitement rising, she doesn't know who or what is was but she wants it bad, every moan growing louder every thrust slapping her arse, the juices from her pussy are running down over her sweet puckering arsehole and onto her sheets, at any moment she may explode. She arches her back so that he cock can explore deeper taking her to new depths.
Jack could feel her shuddering she is close, he begins to take long deliberate thrust every time leaving himself inside her still for a split second before thrusting again. Her nails begin to dig into his arse and back, the pain spurs Jack on, he continues to pump until her back arched and her body shuddered and her toes curled. Her pussy was contracting around his cock squeezing hard in her climax milking Jack for his seed, she wanted his thick load inside her, deep inside her. Jack had other plans he pulled out and climbed on top of her so he sat on her chest he wanted her to swallow everything he had.
The thrusting came to an orgasmic end, Rachel felt the rock hard cock pull out of her leaving her spent, she felt the weight shifting, and the next thing she knew was that this solid cock that had given her so much pleasure was resting on her plump lips, she felt fingers ruffle her hair then in one motion her head was pulled forward and the cock forced its way into her mouth past her tongue and straight to the back of her throat, it thrust so hard her nose had reached his stomach and his pussy soaked balls rested on her chin. Rachel began to choke and gag all the while the hand on her head kept her just where she was, the cock was rocking slowing back and forward never more than an inch, hot saliva was dripping from her mouth covering his balls. That's when his thick member throbbed and his heavy balls jerked upwards on her chin, he began to shoot his massive load right down her throat into her stomach, before he was finished he pulled his dick from her lips with a pop and shot string after string of hot salty cum over her face.
Jack was done, he rolled off her and panting he made his way to the door. That obsession is now over until the next one.