Please enjoy the new story! Email me at my profile with any suggestions/feedback!
*****
We leave our beautiful cabana and head out for a walk on the beach. This island, as far as we can tell, is mostly deserted and extremely beautiful. As we walk we see a few cabanas that dot the beach, we're sure that they are as gorgeous as ours. Each of them have large windows that face the ocean. The waves lap gently at the beach and a gentle breeze caresses the island. Palm trees grow in rich groves back into the island and up the gentle slope towards its center. We spot a building in the center of the island, but we have no idea what is; when we landed we were immediately spirited to our own cabana, only a few hundred yards from where we are now.
I'm wearing khaki shorts and a white linen button down shirt, sunglasses protecting my eyes. You're wearing white a two-piece bathing suit. Your body is so fantastic and I'm extremely glad you've continued to show it off. The top of your bikini is just the right amount of tight, pushing up your tits enough to be tantalizing to any passers-by, which at the moment there are none. The bottoms are little more than a thong which is framing your supple ass. You've wrapped a lightweight see-through sarong around your waist. You're still charged with sexual energy from what happened on the plane. I wanted to take you again in the cabana, but you insisted we go for a walk, promising that I would be rewarded later.
We come around the corner of a rocky outcrop and we see an absolutely breathtaking woman laying on a beach chair underneath an umbrella by herself. I'm clearly attracted to her, as anyone would be, but you're looking at her in a way I've never seen you look at a woman before. Your mouth is hanging open slightly and your breathing involuntarily deepens.
Even laying down, it's clear this woman is tall and statuesque. Her breasts jut prominently from her chest, covered scantily by a red bikini held together across the front by a thin string. The bottom of her bikini is equally as revealing, with a small triangle disappearing between the tan, toned thighs of her long legs. Her dark hair is cut short and wild and her full lips are curved into a knowing smile. All her life people have looked at her the way we are now. She makes eye contact with you and gently nods at the open space next to her, gesturing at us to join her. We get close to her and she stands to greet us. She rises and stands straight up, at her full height, proudly displaying her body and making no attempt to hide her eyes following your curves as well.
Your body is tight and curvy, the white bikini showing off everything you have to offer. You are so sexy, and her presence isn't intimidating you as it might most women. Just the opposite, your attraction to her is radiating from you, and you cock your head and smile at her as we join her under her umbrella.
I see you talking to her, and I see words being exchanged but none of the words are taking root in my brain, my mind is racing with all the possibilities this situation brings and comprehending words is apparently beyond my brain's capacity at the moment. She chats good naturedly with you and you return in kind. Flirting isn't the word for what she's doing. Flirting implies that there is some element of risk, or that failure is a possibility. The dynamic changes when the pursuer has no reason to worry that she might fail. It stops being about conquest, and starts being only about pleasure. This isn't flirting, it's foreplay.
I notice her look you up and down more than once and you do the same. Her large, curvy breasts are just slightly below eye level for you, you do your best to not stare, but this woman is the embodiment of sex and it's clear she wants you look. To further drive the point home, she turns around and reaches into a cooler at her feet. She bends at the waist and digs around, giving us both plenty of time to view her luscious ass, which is as good as yours. When she turns back around, she hands me a cold beer and finally says something to me.
"Take a seat. You'll enjoy this."
Her being right about that is like saying water is wet.
She says her name, but I am too busy staring at both of you to hear what it is. All I see is her take your hand and pull you close to her. You are speechless and completely under her spell. Soon she's got her hands on your waist and pulls you in close and kisses you deeply on your mouth. I watch your tongues dance while she reaches around and unties your bikini top and unties the sarong in a single motion. She breaks the kiss and now you're in front of her, only in the white thong bikini bottom, trembling, willing to do anything she wants.
She reaches over to caress your tits in a way that makes your mouth open and your eyes close gently. It's completely different than a way a man would do it, different than the way I do it. Whereas a man grabs at you in attempt to conquer your body, she feels your body as if she wants to share it with you, and is only concerned with your pleasure. She knows her time is coming. First your right breast, slowly in a circular motion, and then your other breast with her left hand. She takes them and squeezes them together, giving me flashbacks of every time I've had your tits in my hands.
Then, with a smooth motion, she leans down and takes your tits into her mouth. She flicks her tongue over your nipples, then gently bites and sucks on them. You're running your hands over her hair, moaning loudly and biting your bottom lip. While she's sucking on your beautiful tits, she reaches behind her back and undoes the string on her bikini, letting her monumental breasts free. Then, releasing your tits from her mouth, she guides your mouth to her own tits. You catch my eyes and smile just as you take her soft tits into your mouth. I slowly unbuckle my belt and she grasps your long dark hair while you're working on her tits, moaning, sucking and licking while you do. She smiles appreciatively at what you're doing.
She slowly drops to her knees and pulls you with her. She's kissing you deeply, running her tongue over yours, tasting your mouth, your breasts push against hers. She runs her hands over your body and beneath the waistband of your thong, touching your clit for the first time, and your reaction is electric, your body shakes and shudders.
"Ooooohhhhh fuck! More!" You growl to her and she works your clit underneath your bikini. She's smiling and biting your ear, whispering things to you that I will never hear. Whatever those things are, it's obvious they are driving you crazy. Faster and faster while she fingers you, you're getting closer, all you can do is grab her shoulders and hold on. She's smiling and nodding, kissing your mouth, encouraging you to cum.
"Do it for me, cum now!" She commands. And you oblige with a deep, intense moan while your body shakes and spasms.
"Yessss fuck yessss" you moan as if the words had been trying to escape from your mouth since you met her. Your mouth flutters and slowly you regain control of your body, you smile at her languidly, but instead of joining you in your half dream-state, she removes the bottom of her bikini and pushes you onto your back.
"My turn now, gorgeous" as she spreads her legs, straddling your face. I catch a glimpse of your emotions, trepidation and excitement. I know you experimented when you were in college, but nothing could have prepared you for this.
She lowers herself slowly onto your mouth and you reach your tongue onto her pussy, running it all the way up and down. Your fingers dig into her thighs as she works her hips back and forth. She quickly starts moaning and grabbing at her heaving breasts and making eye contact with me.
"Do you like what she's doing to me?" She asks me.
I can only nod and stare at you both. She's breathing heavy now as you hungrily attack her pussy with your mouth.
"Mm fuck she's so good at this. She's going to make me cum soon! Fuck I can feel her tongue inside me!" She shouts at me. Her words only encourage you to push your wet tongue deeper into her. "Take your cock out now, I want to see you stroke it for us."
I waste no time in revealing my hard, thick cock and immediately start to stroke while she rides your face. I'm already on the edge and I'm doing everything I can to not cum. She senses it and begins to tease me. She's used to having power over people and enjoys using it.
"I bet you'd like to feel my tits" she taunts me. "They're so sensitive and her tongue is making me so wet." I respond by stroking my cock faster, all the way up and down with long strokes. I pull my chair closer to you both. Close enough to touch, but I only watch. I've never seen you with a woman before and I don't dare run the risk of ruining it.
You respond to her torrid words by reaching up and squeezing her tits together, eliciting a moan from her.
The mood is changing now, at first it was about her sensing your curiosity and gently guiding you down this path. Whatever hesitancy you had is now gone; replaced with a thunderous desire to give this woman anything she wants, and to overwhelm her with the pleasure of which she is so richly deserving.
"Fuuuuck yes I'm cumming!" She shouts as she grabs a fistful of your hair and holds your tongue against her spasming pussy. Her hips are bucking against your mouth, drawing every ounce of pleasure from her orgasm. She's shaking now, and puts her hand in the blanket to steady herself. She brushes her hair from her face, the messiness of it a testament to your talented tongue.
She slowly rolls off of you and when you try to get up, she puts a firm hand on your shoulder and pushes you back down. You've earned a reward, and now you're getting it.
You're laying on your back, legs spread and bent at the knees. She stalks on her hands and knees towards the space between your thighs like a cat that has just found its prey. You look at me and I'm staring at you, almost unbelieving of what I'm seeing.
Slowly she lowers her mouth on to you, kissing down your thighs as you softly moan in appreciation of her efforts. Up and down she licks you, pausing at the top to draw circles around your clit with her tongue. With one hand you're caressing your breasts, and the other you place gently on the back of her head. She's licking your pussy with a growing intensity, you're getting so close now. Pleasuring her alone almost brought you to orgasm, and now that her full attention is focused on your body, you can barely hold on.
"Mm mm yes! Keep going!" You scream at her.
She responds by taking two fingers and slowly pushing them into your dripping wet pussy. Now she's got her tongue working fast and hard on your clit and she's fucking you with two slender fingers. You've never felt pleasure like this, it's overwhelming you and your body is threatening to lose control and she continues to drive her fingers into you over and over.
"Oh my god! Yes! I'm gonna...cuummmm!!" and you wrap your legs around the back of her head, jerking and spasming wildly while she reaches deep inside, her hot wet tongue attacking your clit relentlessly. This has been building up since the moment she invited us under her umbrella.
You're gasping and panting now, deep breaths rhythmically shaking your perfect tits. I watch your legs slowly unfurl and just as she pulls away from you, you lock your fingers around the back of her head and force her back down onto your pussy. Two orgasms from this woman was not enough!
The moment her tongue touches you again, you cum louder and harder than I've ever seen you before.
"FUUUUUUUUUUCK!! YES!! SHOVE THAT TONGUE INSIDE ME!!
The sight and sounds of you cumming is too much for me and I finally explode, shooting hot jets of cum onto your tits from my chair.
You cum every moment her tongue is on you and she shows you no mercy, continuing to pleasure you over and over. Your shouts of pleasure have subsided into murmurs of appreciation and she slows her pace but still intently licks your pussy. The battle between exhaustion and desire is raging inside you, and desire is winning. I watch as your body is gently trembling with every flick of her tongue
She pulls away from you, finally, allowing your body to bask in the intense feelings of pleasure you have just experienced.
She gets up and slowly puts her bikini back on, adjusting her body and regaining the stature and composure she had before seducing you. You do the same, perhaps with slightly weaker knees than before our walk on the beach. I zip my shorts back up as well.
"We're glad you could make it." She says to you.
"Who is?" You reply.
"All of us, you'll see tonight" and with that she hands you an invitation, handsomely lettered that reads:
The Island is yours for the weekend, this place is for fun, excitement, and pleasure. No one here will pressure you, only help you find what it is that you are looking for.
If it pleases you, join us for dinner tonight at 7. Transportation shall arrive promptly at your cabana.
Dress however you like.
And with a devilish smile, you say...
"We'll be there."