We are on holiday. Somewhere hot and sunny with great beaches. We've had a few days running around looking at stuff and now we just want a day on the beach relaxing. The beach we go to has a high cliff behind and lots of secluded little bays in the rock. The cliff behind extends fingers of rock which stretch down towards the sea. Between the rock and the water is a wide stretch of perfect golden sand. Walking along this stretch of sand we can see that each bay has one group of people in. We walk along until we find a suitable empty bay then we go sit down, spread out blankets and lie down. It's as if we are the only people on our own personal beach.
The sun is really hot and the breeze pleasant, you're in your bikini and I'm just in my shorts. We're lying next to each other just talking and enjoying the sunshine. You know I'm looking at you, your breasts and stomach, displayed to me in your little bikini. You open your eyes and look up at me leaning over you. The sweat on my chest glinting in the sunlight. With a wicked grin, staring into my eyes the whole time, you undo your bikini top and take it off.
'Pass the suntan lotion?' you say, lying back down. My eyes are glued to your perfect breasts, you can feel me looking at you. I reach for the suntan lotion and pass it to you, you uncap it and squirt some of the white fluid between your breasts as provocatively as you can.
'Wouldn't you like to squirt me too?' you ask with a gleam in your eye. 'Rub the lotion in for me will you? Make sure you cover my nipples, I don't want them burning.' As you lean up to look at me, you want to know how excited you've gotten me, you see movement on the clifftop high above us. There is a small group of guys, one of whom is pointing you out to his friends. Your initial reaction is to hide yourself, cover your breasts, but after a split second you decide that you like the attention. They're miles away and I'm here and you like that they think you're gorgeous. So you lie back down and stretch your arms above your head to show yourself off as I massage the suncream into your chest, breasts and nipples.
'We have an audience,' you say, glancing back over my shoulder. I spin and look up.
'So, are you ok?' You smile at me.
'So nothing, I'm fine.' The feeling of my hand sliding over your bare skin, the slickness of the suncream and the light rubbing of your nipples all being watched by the guys on the cliff is getting you excited. I'm obviously excited, I've kept rubbing your breasts long after the suncream is suitably soaked in but it feels so good that you don't want to stop me. You raise your butt and push your bikini bottoms down.
'Do you mind?' you ask, looking at me again. I barely shake my head. 'Then take them right off for me.' I reach down and pull your little panties over your hips baring you to the sun, the breeze and our friends. I pull them further down, then right off and leave them in a heap.
'I think you need to rub some more suncream into me. I wouldn't want to burn.' I grin and squirt the suncream over your stomach. Then I take my hand and rub the cream lower, over your mound and to the inside of each of your thighs. This is really turning you on, being naked in front of the guys on the clifftop, knowing that they are desiring your perfect body, knowing you are totally safe, whilst I rub suncream around your pussy. You feel yourself getting more and more turned on and as I start to slip my fingers inside you, running my hand up and down the length of your slit, you lose yourself, opening your legs for me and enjoying putting on a show.
As I stroke you, teasing you gently, rubbing my fingers over your clitoris and up and down the inside of your sensitive lips, you feel your excitement build. Displaying yourself to the sky feels naughty enough to be arousing but it also makes you feel free, relaxed about your body and about being with me. You can feel yourself getting closer and closer, you pull me against you, squeezing me tight, crushing your breasts against my chest. You are excited by the idea of my touching you in front of these strangers, by the knowledge that you are in complete control, you turned me on, you turned them on, you took me when you wanted. All of that turns you on and you push your hips up against my fingers in pleasure.
You reach inside my shorts and take hold of my rigid cock, pumping it in your smooth, suncream covered hand. As I get even harder you feel yourself start to come, my fingers, slick with the suncream and your excitement, sliding over your clit and into you.
'Scream for me.' I say. 'Come for me my love.' You look up at me, past me to the disbelieving group on the clifftop and the expressions of rapt glee on their faces push you over the edge. A huge orgasm rips through you, warmth spreading throughout, and you gasp with the shock and the pleasure of it.
When you come down you look at me. 'Your turn.' You push me to my feet. 'I want your cream now.' You pull my shorts down and kneel, naked, in front of me. 'I want your come all over me.' You take me in your mouth and begin to fuck me, wanting to make me come as quickly as you can. Looking sideways you ensure that your audience is still there, still enjoying the show. You suck the head of my cock, bobbing your head back and forth, never taking your mouth away from the rim and never taking me all the way in, just sliding me along your tongue. You alternate between staring into my eyes and glancing up at the clifftop. You stroke my balls with one hand and pump the base of my cock with the other as you work the head with your wet mouth. You suck harder and softer, teasing me more and more. As I get closer you keep control, nursing me until I'm throbbing in your hands and mouth.
You feel me tighten and start to twitch. You pull your mouth from me and rub me with your hands.
'That's it baby, come all over me. Come for me. Cover me in your come. I want to taste you, come in my mouth.' Your begging for my come and the evil little smile of pleasure, of control, on your face is driving me wild. 'Come in my face baby,' you say and I explode. As I begin to come you pump me with your hands, milking my cock. I spray your breasts and then your face, as you smile with naughty pleasure. As I finish you suck me back into your mouth and continue licking and sucking me until I am soft. You look up at me, staring me in the eyes.
'I love making you come all over me.' Then you stand, naked, covered in my come and yours and take my hand. You pull me towards the sea, and we end up running, naked, exuberant, hand in hand, into the surf to wash ourselves clean.
'Want to fuck me here tomorrow?' You ask. I just grin.