Author's Note:This story of FUN extra-marital sex and my favorite swinger couple will reference some of their earlier exploits, which can be found in the previous chapters. But you don't need to read those earlier stories to fully appreciate this one.
If you are adamantly opposed to consensual extra-marital sex, then you've wasted your time by clicking on any of my stories. Just have your fun and save some time by clicking to the last page to select a 1-star rating.
**********
This was another routine Sunday evening after dinner. We were just starting to relax with drinks in our living room in front of the fireplace. She spread the blanket on her swivel chair, grasped her one-piece, long lounge dress, and pulled it up and off over her head. My gorgeous, auburn-haired wife, Jan picked up her glass of red wine to take a sip, facing me with a seductive look as I admired her athletic body. Her ample chest and shaved bare slit always caught my eye. Stepping in front of the chair, she sat on the blanket and threw her right leg over the arm, spreading herself open.
I went to the other side of the living room to the ottoman, retrieving her latest favorite thrusting rabbit toy, a small tub of coconut oil, and the two cushions she usually uses when kneeling in front of me. Dropping the cushions in front of her, I knelt there between her spread legs, setting the toy and coconut oil near the box of tissues on the adjacent end table. After sticking two fingers into the tub of oil, I slid those lubed fingers into her wet open hole to begin pumping in and out and rubbing her clit with my thumb. As her nub grew more prominent, I leaned over to suck it, enjoying her moans.
"Oh. Oh! Oh, yeah!" and I felt her hands as she grabbed the back of my head, pulling me in.
I pulled my head back away, warning "No hands! This is my show, so don't grab my head," and I shoved my two fingers in as far as I could reach, flicking them around her G-spot and finding a small growing nub inside.
"Oh, yes! That's it," and she gasped while I continued to probe. "... I need a cock," Jan said suddenly. "Fuck me!"
My cock was now semi-hard, but hard enough to work. Straightening my back, I crept closer to her ass at the edge of her chair. Grasping my stiffening shaft, I positioned the head and slid into her. Jan's sounds grew even more excited as she felt me penetrating her. She opened her mouth in an O, and began gasping "Oh. Oh. Oh," in time with my thrusts
"When you have your mouth open like that," I noticed "you look like you need a cock in it."
Jan seductively ran the tip of her tongue around her open lips. "Oh, yeah. But I want to see you cum. ... Cum on my tits!"
Her encouraging words would usually get me harder and have me building to a release. But I felt a painful twinge in my right knee in my kneeling position, which distracted me. That sharp pain repeated with each thrust and my cock noticed, too, losing the battle.
"Ack!" I said a little disappointed but managing not to grimace. "I don't think I'm getting there tonight."
"Come on. You can do it! Cum on me," Jan insisted. She continued her gasps, then flicked the tip of her tongue out in a way which beckoned me. "Cum in my mouth!" she prompted, trying her best to get me to finish on or in her. When my wife's this turned on, she's on a mission to MAKE me finish for the evening, her controlling nature taking more pleasure in knowing she's the one who did it to me.
"I don't think so," I said a little disappointed. "A sharp pain in my knee, and I'm losing it," I finally admitted.
"Then I need a toy," she insisted, sounding exasperated.
I pulled my softening cock out and handed her the rabbit from the end table beside us. She reached two fingers into the coconut oil to lube the head of the rabbit, then slid it in. Jan turned on the butterfly vibration at her clit and the thrusting action inside, then she began thrusting it even more violently into her trying to build to her ultimate orgasm.
I reached to the coffee table for support to slowly stand, taking care of my right knee, and stood to watch her.
Jan thrust the shaft deep in and twisted the rabbit, trying to change the angle of attack on her clit, over and over until she threw her head back and moaned loudly "OHHHH ... There it is!!!!" Her back and hips jerked a few times as she spasmed before she relaxed, then slowly withdrew the rabbit to set aside. A few seconds later she casually added "... I'm done." She looked spent, lying back to relax, then noticed "But you didn't cum. Are you feeling alright?"
"My knee acted up at the wrong time," I explained. "You remember when I damaged it that time I fell from the tree I was trimming."
"You must feel frustrated," she said in sympathy.
"No. When a sharp pain like that hits, I can't keep it up to finish. I'll be alright for tonight. But are you feeling satisfied?"
"Oh, yeah," Jan said with enthusiasm. "That felt good when you were fucking me. When you're doing that, I could go on and on. And I really wanted you to cum. I think that's hot, knowing I'm the one making you cum."
I chuckled then added "You're my Energizer fuck-bunny."
"What if that knee bothers you at Ken and Claire's house party next week?" Jan asked, with a hint of concern. "I don't want you feeling jealous if I'm still going on with another guy. Let me know if you want to cancel or if you want to stop playing altogether."
"I won't be jealous," I said dismissively to relieve her concern. "This is just something that bothered me tonight. It comes and goes, so I should be alright next week. ... And my limitations shouldn't stop you from having fun. I'm not that selfish!"
***
While dating in high school, Jan and I learned about sex together. Then during my last two years away at college, we dated others. We didn't really break up when I went away to school. But due to the distance apart preventing us from seeing each other, we both decide it was best to be honest and date others without jealousy. It just seemed that every time we got back together when I returned home, we reconnected, realizing we were perfect for each other.
Although Jan enjoys flirting with guys, she likes my expertise playing with her and knowing her most sensitive spots. I knew her body well and could torment her to orgasm. I know exactly what she needs, and she finds it comforting not needing to direct me, as she did with other guys. She told me how some of the more clueless and insensitive guys would just get off in her and leave her frustrated.
I enjoyed Jan's endless flirting, and her outrageous and brutally honest attitudes, which I rarely found in other women. So, we finally married and moved away from that small hometown. Now after thirty years, our kids are grown and all out on their own, leaving us to enjoy sex, again ... together.
But once you've done EVERYTHING you both like ... so many times, ... together, ... a yearning sets in. Some have called it "The Seven Year Itch", the title of a famous movie in the late 1950's. Others see it as a "mid-life crisis", when men and even women get that yearning to be young again or begin to stray looking for their youth. It's a melancholy feeling of missing the newness of exploring sex together, as we did when we were young. I think all long-married couples face a time when one or the other gets that longing feeling of'What else?', 'What am I missing here?'Jan and I seemed to get that feeling at about the same time in our marriage shortly after the last of our kids was out of the house. Without the kids, our friends changed because we no longer fit in with those who still had young kids at home. So, we looked around for a new hobby.
The swinger lifestyle we found gives her the opportunities for flirting and exploring her control over other guys, without secrecy threatening to break up our marriage. She can find guys who lust for her, and she can tease and play with them. And I can enjoy playing with other women, feeling their different reactions, and having fun learning their different sexy styles and desires. I can enjoy that newness of making their bodies shake under my touches. We look for other swinger couples in stable relationships who are also looking for that same newness, which adds comfort in knowing our spouse isn't fucking someone who's trying to come between us.
At six-foot-three and with my muscular build, I don't have problems finding other wives to play at house parties. And Jan can easily grab any guy she wants at those parties, enjoying her flirting and controlling experiments with them. We know there's no risk of any unexpected pregnancy since I had a vasectomy after our last child was born. Then a few years later, Jan had a health scare which required a hysterectomy.
Jan and I can trust each other, knowing we were giving each other everything the other might want; more freedom to enjoy new sex, but together. And afterwards, we talk about our new experiences, further exciting each other, which seems to bring us even closer.
But as I've grown older, I've noticed I'm having issues. I'm noticing problems getting excited as fast as my wife. Sometimes it's just aches and pains distracting me. At other times, it might be something in the back of my mind, like a problem at work. Thinking about it, ... and thinking about my sexy wife with her desires ... and needs, ... I've realized that jealousy, needs, and attempts to control are those things which break up many marriages. My wife knows she doesn't financially NEED me and could easily fulfill her sex needs with other guys. And I don't NEED her for financial reasons or to find sex. We've been together for so long and still WANT each other, but we've both noticed we have other needs, too. So, we won't go down that path of jealously trying to own and control each other. We've both had our special pact since marriage:Give me two weeks' notice if you ever want to leave, ... so I can fuck my brains out before you go!
***
Standing at the kitchen sink on this Monday morning, I finished drying the last of the pans from last night's dinner. She came barefoot from the bedroom, dressed in running shorts and an amply loaded sports bra. Her long auburn hair was pulled back in a ponytail, hanging down almost to the middle of her back. She stepped in beside me, her arms at her side and in an almost tired sleepy fashion, she laid her head against my shoulder.
After decades together, this pattern was familiar. Setting the pan and drying towel down, I turned to face her, as she lazily raised her arms over my shoulders. My arms moved by reflex to wrap around her back, pulling her into that comforting embrace and she turned her face up to mine. I felt her soft mounds pressed into my chest, overflowing, squeezed between my biceps. My lips soon found hers and our tongues began their dance as we kissed.
"Mmmmm," Jan said, then broke the kiss to add; "I smell coffee."
"You always smell fresh coffee in the morning," I said with a note of pride in helping her start the day. I released her and she turned to the coffee pot and cupboard.
I admired her gorgeous figure when she stood up on her toes, her back toward me as she retrieved a coffee mug.
"It took you longer than usual to get it up last night," Jan said over her shoulder with a hint of concern as she filled her mug. "Are you feeling alright?"
"Too many distractions," I said casually. "There's a work problem tugging in the back of my mind, which usually wouldn't matter when I'm fucking you. But I felt that twinge in my right knee when I knelt on the floor."
"Shouldn't you get that checked out by a doctor?" Jan asked.
"I don't need to see a doctor," I said with a hint of exasperation. "It's just age and old injuries coming back to remind me of those times I fell or twisted a joint."
"Maybe the doctors can do something about it," Jan suggested.
"I mentioned it to a doctor several years ago," I said, "and he just said the same thing, 'It's age and the early stages of arthritis, and to take some Ibuprofen as needed.' He said I should hold out as long as practical before considering a knee replacement. So, no, I don't need to waste hours going back again for the same answer. I'm getting older."
Jan set her coffee mug on the counter and wrapped her arms around my waist, pulling me in for a hug. "WE'RE getting older," she said with emphasis as she briefly laid her head against my chest, then broke away to pick up her coffee mug and walked to the kitchen table for a seat. "I'm getting older, too. That's why I need lube. And as long as you guys use some lube, you know I could go on and on. I can just lay back and let you guys entertain me," she said cheerfully. "... I love being a woman. I can fuck you any time I want ... when YOU can get it up."
"I'll have the lube ready in the living room later. You're mine tonight!" I said, as if scheduling her evening. "I'll lay back and let you ride me."
"It's a date!" she happily replied.
"Speaking of dates ..." I said, "I noticed a new couple on the swinger website. Their profile mentions a park nearby, which might put them within two or three miles of here. I was thinking of e-mailing them to see if they're interested in getting together. It would be nice to have some friends-with-benefits nearby for drinks after work."
"I saw that profile yesterday," Jan said. "They seem like a nice couple. But it shows they're not into'full swap'. If you want to try getting together with them, e-mail them asking if they plan to be at Ken and Claire's house party next week. If they don't know about it, suggest they join the Bar Group and check in as attendees, so others will know they're coming. We could meet them there, instead of a restaurant."
"I'm looking forward to another house party," I said. "We didn't plan to attend that second one at Maggie and Dan's house months ago. The third one at their place was more exciting."
"Yeah," Jan replied. "Part of the excitement of going to these house parties is the buildup in anticipation. I liked thinking about you being with Maggie again, and I thought about some of the guys I'd see there. I was surprised when I saw that single guy I met at the airport, Roger showed up there. That was kind of erotic, introducing him to you, as he was eating me out while you were fucking Maggie."
"Then there's the reminiscing of the porn shows afterwards," I added.
"Like me lying there with my head on your shoulder, watching Maggie suck and ride you." she said. "That was somehow romantic, cuddling with you as another woman took care of your cock."
"That was ... different, ... turning to kiss you while she was bouncing up and down on me," and I chuckled. "We do lead an interesting life."
"Do you think you could watch me doing that," Jan asked, "watch me sucking and fucking another guy while you sit back without joining in? Would you be jealous?"
"No," I said assuredly. "I wouldn't be jealous! But I think I'd be more relaxed about it if you fucked me first."
"I think that would be hot," Jan admitted, "having another guy fuck me while you sat back and watched, maybe as you sip from a glass of scotch, ... as if I'm putting on a show for you."
"Maybe someday," I said. "... But I realized why I'm not really jealous of you sucking or fucking other guys."
"So, do tell," Jan said sarcastically.
"Growing up back home," I started "I never had many friends. Since we started dating in high school, you've been my best friend. And that came years before you became my wife. So, when you're having fun, I get a warm feeling that my best friend is enjoying herself and I can see you smile. It's like planning a date and deciding what I can do to make it the best possible for you. So, I don't think I can be jealous if you're having fun."
"You might be right," Jan said thoughtfully. "Marlene was my best friend throughout school and for years after, until we moved so far away from her. But for over thirty years now, it's been you and I doing everything together. And I like seeing you have fun, too. As long as you're coming home with me afterwards."
"Have you decided which of your toys to take to Ken and Claire's party? She said the theme is 'Favorite Toys' for a show and tell. I was thinking we could bring the cuffs and tethers."
"No way!" Jan insisted. "You know I only did that after we read the first two 'Fifty Shades of Grey' books."
"But you did allow me and Sam to bring them out again for our threesome. And you let me use them on you again just last month."
"I was too worn out after over more than an hour of non-stop sucking and fucking with you two. By then, you had me any way you wanted. But no! No bondage stuff for me. I'll take my Hitachi wand to show. That's my current favorite. ... And after that last time with restraints, I said YOU will be the one wearing the cuffs the next time. So, if you want to go to the party wearing the cuffs, you can tell them how I'm going to tie you up."
"Ok," and I laughed. "Take the Hitachi. I'll e-mail the new couple. But it's time for me to get ready for work."
"And I need to head to the treadmill, before logging in to work."
As we stood from the breakfast table, I wrapped my arms around her, lifting her to her toes for a kiss. My hands dropped to her ass as I held her close. "Remember. Later, you're mine!"
"I'm always yours," she said softly and lovingly. With another quick kiss, she turned to head toward the basement stairs and the treadmill.
So, our workweek begins.
Party Time
The new couple, Dan and Sarah replied to my e-mail two days later saying they would meet us at the party.
Their web site profile indicated they were only into 'soft swap', which meant they weren't comfortable with full sex when swapping partners. But there were many options with oral or hand jobs without full penetration which begged questions of Dan and Sarah's limits. And some people start by clicking soft swap as their choice, then change their minds later, without updating their profiles.
I asked in a follow-up e-mail if that was still the case. Dan replied that his wife, Sarah still wasn't comfortable with full swap and wouldn't allow other guys in her, but she does get into kissing.
"They're not into full swap," I informed Jan. "Sarah's not into it, so, don't get too carried away with Dan. He might fuck you. But that could lead to some tension with her."
"Maybe they're just new to this," Jan said. "This could still be fun having a lifestyle couple nearby just for the open discussions about it. It sounds like they're a couple where the husband wants to play, and she's only along reluctantly. But we don't always have to fuck every couple we meet."
"If you're going to make a play for her husband at the party, make sure she's comfortable first. And let me know, so I can find some other wife to fuck."
"You're not playing with anyone unless I'm there to watch," Jan advised.
"If you want to restrict me that way," I warned, "then the same rule applies to you! You're not going off with another guy without me, even if it is Dan."
"Okay, then," Jan said in a determined tone. "We'll plan on staying together during this party."
After some of the confusion and issues between us at our first two house parties, we seem to be falling into this pattern of reiterating and refining our playtime rules, as if settling comfortably into our latest routine. Our tolerance for watching each other in extra-marital sex was becoming more relaxed and fun, as we learned to stay in this together.
***
We prepared our small backpack as a toy bag with Jan's favorite large Hitachi wand and lube, along with some condoms. There's no risk of me getting anyone pregnant or Jan getting pregnant anymore, and we go to these parties with other couples, so the risk of disease is rather low. But there are some women who insist on using condoms, so I come prepared.
I wore comfortable but tight jeans and a blue dress shirt. Jan always says she likes me in tight jeans so she can see which way'he's'hanging by the bulge at my crotch.
She wore her long auburn hair pulled back with some hair clips, a mid-thigh, short black cocktail dress, and four-inch heels. She looked stunning in that outfit she's worn on our "date nights" out at bars when she's trying to seduce and tease me.
"I'm wearing my hair pulled back so you can see my lips when I take a cock in my mouth," she said teasingly.
"Are you going to let them cum in your mouth?"
"Probably not," she said casually. "I don't always like the taste when I take yours, and I don't want to have to spit if I don't like it. Did you shave down there?"
"Yes," I said. "I'm manscaped."
"Good," she replied. "I don't want the other wives picking hair out of their teeth."
I stepped up close to her, wrapping my arms around her back and leaned in for a kiss. Then I slipped my right hand between her legs, sliding my palm along her slit and pulling back with one finger slipping between her labia. "Hmmm. Going commando? And you're very smooth there."
"Oh, yeah," she said. "I shaved, too."
"You won't even need to take your dress off," I noticed. "If you see a guy you want, just bend over."
***
At the first house party we attended, we saw some couples heading to the bedrooms within the first thirty minutes. Jan didn't want to miss out on the guys she had in mind as her flirting targets, so she didn't want to be late to this party. And at that first party, I found it awkward looking around the rooms to join in, when Jan went off with her chosen conquest. So, we were the first to arrive at the very start of the party.
Within the first half hour, most of the couples arrived, setting their shared food dishes and contributions to the bar in the dining room before fixing drinks.
Our hostess, Claire announced to the group that the rule this time is we should be clothed when on the main floor, since some people were not here to play, but just socializing.
"Use the bedrooms upstairs, if you want to get naked and play. If we're all clothed on this floor, no one should feel pressured for sex, if they're not comfortable," she finished.
When Jan and I were here for our first house party, I was surprised when I found my wife sucking another guy's cock in the kitchen. There were at least ten people standing around her watching her doing it. So, I thought maybe Claire felt she should head that off this time with her new rule.
While I mingled with some of the others, Jan said she had a rather private talk with Claire. She confided to Jan that due to a recent surgery, she was only playing hostess at this party, which was the real reason for her new rule. She wasn't feeling up to playing with anyone. Claire was counting on some of the other women here to take Ken upstairs and take the edge off her husband's frustrations.
We soon noticed a new couple, Rick and Julie come in who we hadn't met at any of the Bar Group meetups. Rick said he and his new wife, Julie hooked up a few years earlier by meeting at a lifestyle house party, and they married two years later. But it was Julie who caught everyone's attention, wearing her skin-tight, very short red dress, with no panty lines. The front top of her dress was open down to her naval and barely contained her large chest. The skirt was so short, it barely covered her crotch, and everyone could clearly see she had nothing on under it.
Round 1
During the first half hour, we didn't see the couple we e-mailed, Dan and Sarah about meeting here. So, Jan started flirting with Grant, a rather buff looking guy just a few years younger than her.
According to their online profile, he was a few years younger than us, and his wife, Megan was about ten years younger than me in her late thirties. She was about five foot four and weighed only one hundred twenty pounds, with long black hair down to her waist in a ponytail. She was dressed in another of my favorite styles with mini-skirt and knee-high black 4-inch stiletto-heel boots.
When Megan began responding to my advances, we asked if they'd like to join us in a bedroom, and they both readily agreed, grabbing their toy bag to follow us.
We found the master bedroom unoccupied and went in. Grant quickly shed his clothes and climbed onto the bed. Jan took time to unstrap her heels and whipped her dress off over her head to join him. Climbing between his legs, it didn't take long for my wife to start putting her mouth to work on his long cock.
Megan took a little longer than the rest of us to get ready. She reached into her toy bag and pulled out two heavy towels to double up on the bed. Then she took off her top and skirt, sitting on those towels with her boots still on.
I thought, 'Wow. She looks hot!', as I grabbed those heels to spread her legs open. I knelt at the side of the bed between Megan's spread legs as I dove in with my mouth.
Megan responded with, "Now that's the way I like it. But be careful. I get very wet, very fast. That's why I carry two towels."
I went to work on Megan's clit with my tongue and lips, while trying to slide two fingers into her. As I worked on her, I found she was right: she soon drenched my face with her wetness! Pulling back, I continued fingering her and I soon felt another rush of fluid on my hand, dripping onto the towels. At this rate, her two towels weren't going to last long in soaking it up.
I stood beside the bed to give Megan my cock to suck, as I continued to play with her using my fingers and hand. She quickly took it in her mouth, as her pussy continued to spasm and drip on me and the towels.
Jan pulled Grant's cock out of her mouth when I looked over at her. She stroked it a few more times as she gazed at that long stiff rod, then turned to look at me asking, "Where's our bag with my lube?"
Reaching to our toy bag on the floor beside me, I retrieved her lube and handed it to her.
Jan squirted a few drops of lube onto her hand and rubbed it over the head of Grant's cock. She crawled up straddling him, as she held his cock at her opening and impaled herself on it. She started riding up and down on that cock as she grabbed her tits and squeezed her nipples.
While watching this, I grabbed Megan by her thighs and pulled her ass closer to the edge of the bed, where I slid my hard cock into her. Jan and I were riding our respective partners and looking over at each other. Jan was staring down the length of Megan's body at my cock pumping into her. And I was enjoying the sight of my wife from her left side, bucking up and down as she rode Grant's cock. I could see his shaft every time she rose, then it disappeared as she slammed her ass back down on him.
After a few minutes of fucking Megan, I pulled my still hard cock out of her. I could barely feel her due to her excessive wetness, and I knew I wasn't going to finish in her.
Megan got up from the bed and reached into her toy bag, pulling out a nine-inch glass beaded rod with cat-o-nine-tails on it. "This is my favorite toy," she said.
She crawled back onto the bed next to Jan. Grabbing Jan's small bottle of lube, Megan squirted a generous amount onto the glass rod and rubbed it around. With Jan riding Grant's cock cowgirl style, Megan put her hand on Jan's back, pushing a little and said, "Lie down on his chest."
In that position with her knees pulled up and bending down on Grant's chest, Jan was lying there with her ass exposed. Megan began pushing the end of that anal rod into Jan's ass.
"It's been a while and I'm not used to that!" Jan complained. "It's starting to hurt."
"Try to relax," Megan said. "Just lie there and relax. I'll go slow and easy for you to get used to it. But you're going to love it!"
Megan pushed in again, pressing two more beads in then pulled one back out. This went on with two in, one out, over, and over, until Megan had most of the rod buried in my wife's ass as she laid there with Grant's cock in her.
"There. Relax and feel that" Megan explained calmly. Then she added, "Now the fun begins!" She quickly pulled most of the beaded rod out and quickly slammed it back in!
"Oh!" Jan exclaimed. "Oh...OHH...OHH!", as Megan worked that rod in her ass. Jan began rising up on her knees, and Grant started bucking his hard cock up into her.
I stood back and watched, a little anxious standing there with my frustrated hard-on, as those two pumped into Jan's two holes. I was just a little envious, knowing he was enjoying her tighter grip on his cock.
Jan's moans started building until I saw her body tense. I could see the muscles in her thighs tighten and start to quiver as her orgasm hit. I knew her pussy was clenching on Grant's cock, and he suddenly started to slow his pounding from below.
Grant dropped his ass to the bed, as he pulled Jan's hips down onto him. His cock was obviously pumping his cum into her.
Megan stopped her anal rod pounding and pulled it all the way out, while Jan's whole body jerked a few more times. She leaned around in front of Jan to kiss her, then said, "I hope you enjoyed that, as much as I did."
"Oh my god," Jan exclaimed "that was intense!" as she lifted off Grant's softening cock, his cum starting to run down her thigh. She grabbed some tissues from the nightstand to wipe the cum and catch the rest as she tried to push it out, then crawled off that side of the bed.
Megan crawled off my side of the bed. I wrapped my arms around her, and we kissed. "That was hot, watching you with Jan," I said.
"You got me off too," Megan explained. "That's why I got so wet. But sometimes, I like it in my ass."
Jan came around the bed, and Megan kissed her then said, "Next time, I'll bring my strap-on for you to use on me ... or me to use on you."
Jan wrapped her arms around Megan, hugging her and said, "I'm not sure, ... but I might like that. Right now, I'm ready to relax and head downstairs to find something to drink."
"We'll be there in a few minutes," Grant said. "We need to clean up first."
Round 2
Before going downstairs, Jan and I started checking the activity in the other bedrooms. We paused to enjoy each of those scenes before moving on to the next room.
We found the couple we planned to meet here, Dan and Sarah in one of those rooms along with Jerry and Beth. These two couples were paired up with their own spouses, with the wives sucking their own husbands who were lying on their backs.
Beth reached to the nightstand on the other side of the bed for a plate of pineapple chunks and chocolate, picking up a piece of the pineapple. She started rubbing the pineapple on her husband's cock and balls before taking him into her mouth.
Closer to us on our side of the bed, Sarah got her husband hard, and she climbed on top of him as they were right in front of us to start riding him. She spread herself open with one hand and guided his hard member in with the other. She settled down into her own rhythmic rocking on him.
Jan and I stood beside the bed, only three feet away to watch the erotic scene.
"We missed you earlier," Jan said to Sarah. "But I see you've found a way to keep busy."
Sarah just smiled at us as she began rising up and down on her husband.
Across from them on the other half of the bed, Beth finished licking the pineapple juice from her husband and climbed onto him to begin riding him beside Sarah and Dan.
We stayed there for the next few minutes, casually bantering with them about the sex scene in front of us and watched as they enjoyed themselves. But this is one of the reasons we've come to enjoy this lifestyle. Sex can be so easy and relaxing with the right people.
When the guys finished cumming in their wives, Beth was the first to dismount. We walked around to their side of the bed as Beth stood, gathering her clothes, and started getting dressed. Her husband Jerry stood to find his clothes, when Jan noticed "I see you man-scape where it counts."
"But his balls are too big for me to fit both in my mouth at the same time," Beth responded.
"Well, let's see," Jan replied in her flirting tone.
Jan pushed Jerry back to sit on the bed, dropping to her knees in front of him. She leaned her head sideways and tried sucking his balls into her mouth.
Beth reached over to the plate for another piece of pineapple and started rubbing her husband's cock with it then held his cock for Jan to suck clean. As Jan shifted to take the head and shaft into her mouth, Beth continued rubbing the pineapple around his now released balls.
Jan alternated between sucking Jerry's cock and balls, using her tongue and lips to clean the sticky pineapple juice from him. When his balls were cleaned, she again moved the head into her mouth and started bobbing up and down. I watched his shaft going in and out of her mouth, with her occasionally withdrawing it to circle her tongue around the head while looking up at him. She shifted her eyes to lock onto mine as she smiled and seductively kiss the tip while keeping her eyes on me. Then she slid its head back into her mouth, facing his groin to drive the cock as far in as she could, knowing I was still watching her and getting excited.
My wife sucked that cock in front of me, and my own was stiffening. I unzipped my pants and pulled out my hardening member. Reaching behind Beth's shoulders caressing the back of her head, I used some subtle pressure to suggest what I wanted. Beth picked up a fresh piece of pineapple, leaned over, and used the fruit to coat my rod with the sticky flavoring. Taking me into her mouth, she started sucking as I switched my gaze back and forth between these two gorgeous women. Jan was continuing her work on Jerry's cock and balls, while his wife's mouth was doing the same to me three feet away.
As the minutes passed, I got ever harder. After licking and sucking my balls clean of the pineapple taste, Beth kept her mouth locked onto my stiff shaft without letting up. I was surprised at her staying power. But I wasn't about to tell her to relax to pace herself. When she stopped bobbing her head, I kept up a continuous rhythm of sliding in and out fucking her mouth, never quite pulling the tip completely out.
After over five minutes of continuous sucking, Beth finally grasped it with her hand to pull it out and sat on the bed. "Sorry but my mouth is getting tired," she said as she began massaging her jaw.
Jan removed Jerry's cock from her mouth, laughing and saying, "It's not the first time he's heard that."
I knew Jan's style, and assumed her mouth wasn't as tired. She always changes her position when handling me, sometimes just stopping to stroke it while looking up at me.
With my now hardened tool sticking out and looking for attention, I said, "Well, someone needs to take care of this. Either Beth needs to drop her pants, or Jan needs to get on the bed."
Jan chuckled and got up from her knees, climbing onto the bed in a kneeling position. She pointed her ass toward me, while facing the other side of the bed.
When Jerry stood, I saw his member droop. He wasn't fully hard from Jan's cocksucking, and he might have stood in front of her again for Jan to continue. But he seemed spent from his wife's earlier attentions.
Stepping up to Jan's ass, I lifted her dress to expose her. With my cock in hand, I bent my knees a little to better position the cockhead, sliding it up and down her wet slit and feeling for the opening. Aligning the head, I pressed it into her willing opening which was still somewhat lubed from Grant's deposit.
Jan pushed back onto my stiff shaft. As we pushed and pulled against each other, I was soon buried balls-deep in her, enjoying the feel of her velvety wet glove wrapped around my stiff shaft. Then I started my rhythmic pumping into her, my excitement building even further.
Dan apparently finished in his wife, and Sarah stood, walking to the adjacent bathroom. Dan was standing on the other side of the narrow bed with his softening semi-hard-on. Jan beckoned for him to come closer near the end of the bed, and when he stepped within reach, she grasped his shaft and pulled him into her mouth. As I was sliding into Jan from behind, Dan and I started rocking her back and forth between us.
Sarah came back from the bathroom already dressed, and she stopped to stand beside her husband. Wrapping her arm around his waist, she calmly looked down to watch her husband's cock as he fucked another woman's mouth. Her smile made me wonder if she might be softening on her soft swap stance.
This position with Jan in the middle of an MFM is one of my favorite scenes. I will take either "head or tail" with my sexy wife because she gets really turned on when a guy is pounding away in her. She makes awesome moaning noises which always excites me. And the feeling in her mouth is fantastic when she's moaning around my cock. Dan was experiencing Jan's oral talent at its best, and I was building to my own climax in her pussy.
Jan could hear my breathing changing as I got closer to an orgasm. When she hears my sounds of excitement or my breathing change, she seems to get even more excited. I could hear her getting closer to her own peak with her "Oh...Oh...Oh!" or the "Mmmph, Mmmmph" distinctive sounds muffled by an invading cock, the sounds coming in time with the rhythm of my pumping. I always tell her when she's making those "Oh" sounds with her mouth open, she needs another cock to fill it. And this time she had one!
As I looked down at my own cock penetrating her from behind, I grasped her hips to pull her back on her knees shoving it in. Penetrating her with it's length all the way, I saw that slick wet shaft as her pussy gripped it on its way back out. Then pulling her hips, I repeated that pumping action, over and over.
She occasionally focused on the task in front of her. I listened to her sucking and slurping sounds and could see Dan shove his hips forward hearing her "mmmph" sound as the air was pushed from her mouth. Then I heard her "slurp" sound as he withdrew again. When she twisted slightly to the side, I saw saliva dripping from her gasping and open mouth.
At one point, Jan took him out of her mouth, leaning on one elbow while she wiped the spit from around her lips with her other hand. She then stuck out her tongue to guide the head back in to keep sucking it. She bent her head to the side to engulf his cock as he stood at the end of the bed, so I could watch as his stiff fleshy shaft went in with her lips closed around it.
I enjoyed the view of Dan's cock sliding in and out of my wife's lips, fucking her mouth as I continued fucking her from behind. I know from our fantasies when we're fucking together in our living room, she longs to have a second cock to play with. My best friend was enjoying herself with her plaything in her mouth.
My orgasm was building to its peak, and I finally arched back, driving in as deep as I could, exclaiming "Oh yes!" as my cock unleashed its load. Jan knows that as the sound I make when cumming, enjoying the release as I explode inside her, with my spurts filling her. I kept myself buried in her to plug her hole, waiting for my balls to finish their spasms and preventing the thick white fluid from dripping out onto the bed.
She took Dan's shaft out of her mouth and twisted slightly to look back at me saying with a sigh of relief, "That's good. Now I won't have to listen to you asking for road head all the way home."
"Road head?" Sarah asked with a baffled expression.
"Yeah," Jan explained. "If he doesn't come in someone here, he wants me to go down on him in the car. Now the ride home will be more relaxed. ... But I need a tissue to catch his cum before he pulls out."
Beth pulled out a pocket pack of tissues and handed it to me. I gave Jan a few and I caught my cock with a tissue as I pulled out and Jan quickly grabbed at her slit with a handful of tissues to wipe away the mess oozing out of her.
Dan started looking around for his clothes, and we all straightened our clothes before heading downstairs. He didn't cum in Jan's mouth either, but he certainly seemed pleased with her oral attentions.
We confirmed that Dan and Sarah live just a few miles from us. So, Jan invited them to our place the next weekend, and we exchanged phone numbers before heading downstairs to join the others.
Making More Friends
We found that most of the others left by the time we finished, leaving only three couples besides Jan and me and our hosts. Sarah and Beth were gathering up their plates of snacks, while their husbands checked for their toys and other items. Then they said goodbye to our hosts and left.
The tall, hot looking Julie and her husband Rick were the only others remaining and were in the kitchen. Julie stood at the kitchen table, still naked. She was violating the house rule by being on that main floor without clothes. But Claire was cleaning a few glasses in the sink, not seeming to mind as she admired Julie's perfect nude figure.
I remembered from our first house party here that Claire's first preference at these parties was to disappear with some of the women into a basement playroom for her girl-on-girl playtime. So, today, she wasn't criticizing, as Julie posed, showing off for Claire's husband, Ken sitting on one of the kitchen chairs. At five foot eleven and no more than 130 lbs, Julie looked fantastic.
Jan walked over to the kitchen counter where Rick was standing near the wine bottles. Stopping across the counter from him, she reached to his hand, taking the glass of wine from him.
"That's mine," Rick said defensively, a little confused.
Jan smiled at him, seductively saying, "I know", as she started sipping from his glass.
Rick just shook his head and chuckled as he poured himself another glass, and Jan moved around the counter to stand beside him. She slid very close to Rick and turned her ass toward him, rubbing against him. Rick stepped back to stand directly behind her as she ground against him. She looked across the counter at the kitchen table saying coyly, "Isn't that the table I was bent over when Ken did me at our first party here?"
"Yes," I said. "And later that evening, Ken and I both did you there. I got heads" I said and laughed remembering the scene.
"Well, maybe it's time to christen this counter," Jan suggested, as she ran a hand along it.
She stepped back pushing Rick behind her to lean lower with her hands on the counter, rubbing her ass against Rick's crotch.
As Rick was massaging her ass, he realized she wasn't wearing anything under her dress. He lifted her short dress up to lay across her back, exposing her ass in that bent over position. He started sliding the fingers of one hand into her. He then lightly slapped her ass with his other hand.
Jan let out a quiet and coy "Oh!" enjoying it.
Julie stepped around the kitchen table to Ken and sat on his lap. She placed her arm around his neck and her right nipple at his mouth. "Do you like my boobs?" she asked coyly. "I wasn't always this big. I wanted them large enough to take out and flop on a table or have them swinging when I'm bent over. But Rick picked these out."
Ken wasn't answering Julie, with his mouth full of her tit. But Jan weighed in with "Those are perfect for your figure."
"Bigger isn't always better," Claire added, alluding to her own large chest. "Bigger tits can cause you back problems later."
Rick stepped away from Jan into a better position to see his own naked wife sitting on Ken's lap. He took his cellphone out aiming it at her, and Julie raised her legs, coyishly crossing them to hide her slit as she struck a very sexy pose, hugging Ken even closer. After Rick snapped several pictures of his wife making out, Ken was apparently getting excited again. At his age in his late thirties, I know Ken still has a lot of stamina. And with Claire's health issues lately limiting her activities with her husband, he must have an abundance of those frustrations ready to release this party.
Round 3
Ken leaned forward standing Julie on her feet and stood, taking her by the hand, leading her into the living room. We all started moving into the living room with them, where Ken directed Julie to lie on her back on the floor.
Rick sat in an overstuffed chair holding his glass of wine to watch his wife with Ken.
Ken knelt to plant his face between her legs as he started tonguing her, and Julie moaned as she grabbed her knees, pulling her legs up and spreading herself open for him.
As Jan passed Rick's chair, she took the wine glass from his hand and sat on the adjacent couch.
"That's mine!" Rick said a little annoyed.
Jan laughed and again seductively said, "I know," staring at him as she took a sip.
I took a seat beside Jan and reached for the glass in her hand.
"That's Rick's glass," she pointed out.
Knowing my wife was flirting with him, I thought I'd give her a push. "Then it seems you owe him," I said smiling at her. "And I've told you what all guys like for payment."
With that, she allowed me to take the glass, and she dropped from the couch to her knees to crawl the three feet, stopping to kneel in front of Rick. She reached for his pants zipper and started slowly drawing it down while looking up into his eyes. Rick loosened his belt and slid his pants further down exposing his awakening member to Jan's face. She took him with her left hand, stroking the shaft to stiffen it, then leaned her head sideways to kiss his balls, sucking one into her mouth.
My wife looked gorgeous with a cock in her hand as she stroked it against her cheek while sucking his balls. It really didn't matter to me that her lips were on the balls of some other lucky guy. I was enjoying the scene of my personal porn star. Watching her alternating between stroking that cock against her face while sucking his balls, licking the head, or slipping the head into her mouth to drive the shaft over her tongue is an amazingly erotic sight.
I sat back sipping the wine, watching my wife doing it all to Rick. I thought,'Oh My God, she is so sexy!'
Claire came from the kitchen carrying her own drink to sit beside me on the couch. She leaned against me, picking my free arm up and wrapped it around her shoulders, snuggling against me and turned to watch her husband.
"I told Jan earlier," Claire began apologetically as she turned to look at me, "that I'm not playing today."
"She mentioned that to me," I said quietly. "So, no pressure from me. She already took care of me upstairs. Let's just sit here together and watch the fun." And I pulled her closer in a hug as we settled in together to watch the show.
Ken moved up to kneel between Julie's spread legs. He put on a condom and leaned over her, bracing himself with one hand on the floor as his other hand guided the head into her opening. Claire sat with me watching her husband as he started pounding into Julie.
I glanced back to my own wife to see Jan now had Rick at full attention, as she let go of his cock. Turning on her knees, she turned around toward Julie and lowered her head to Julie's boobs, taking her right nipple into her lips while raising her ass to Rick. She dropped to her elbows, gripping that tit between her hands. Looking back briefly at Rick, she gave a small sideways nod of her head inviting him in, then went back to sucking on Julie's nipple, as Ken remained up on his straightened arms fucking Julie, and giving Jan some room.
Rick knelt behind Jan and also put on a condom before guiding his own tool into her. I had a perfect view of the two of them from the side as he reached down to spread her open and slip that shaft into her. He straightened his back and grabbed her hips as he started pumping away. I could easily see his cock driving in and out of my wife's pussy. He was getting into a steady rhythm almost in sync with Ken's.
They were increasing their pace, when first Ken, then Rick drove in deep for that final surge as they came in the girls. After a minute of relaxing in place with those warm wet comforters, the guys each withdrew their cocks. I could see the come filled condoms starting to slide off their now shrinking tools.
Ready to Leave
After this final round, we realized that our hosts were anxious to start getting their house back in order. Ken and Claire's young kids were spending the weekend with their grandparents, and these parents needed time to return their house to normal before the kids came home. So, it was time for the rest of us to get dressed to head home.
I pulled Claire in for a hug and kiss at the front door on the way out saying, "After you recover, I'm expecting another opportunity with you."
"And I'm looking forward to it!" she replied as she pulled me in even tighter before letting go. "Maybe in another month."
Jan pointed to Ken's crotch asking, "And when am I going to get him again?"
"Any time you want," Ken said as he wrapped his arms around her, grinding his pelvis into her, and they kissed.
Drive Home
When we were in the car and I pulled out of their driveway focused on the road home, Jan asked in a casual inquiring tone "Did you cum that first time in Megan?"
"No," I said disappointed and with a hint of exasperation. "She was far too wet, and I just wasn't feeling it."
"I liked riding Grant," Jan said. "But I didn't want to go 'over the top' with an intense orgasm so early at the party. You know when I do have an intense one, I'm usually done for the evening."
"Would you do him again, "I asked.
"Oh, yeah," Jan said with enthusiasm. "But Megan with that toy behind me was half the fun. She's the reason I orgasmed so intensely."
I chuckled at that, then asked "So, you'd like to be fucked in the ass while riding another cock?"
"NO!" she quickly insisted, then quietly added, "Well, maybe. But NOT without advance notice to get in the right mood. And I don't know about getting together with Megan again if she plans to bring her strap-on. I'm not interested in a fake dick fucking me. I prefer to empty you guys and watch you collapse while I can go on for more. ... I find it ... interesting that I can do that, and you guys can't."
"Maybe you should plan ahead for the next party," I suggested. "We might find the right guy at the right time for your first real double penetration."
"No!" Jan again exclaimed suddenly. "I'm not ready for ass fucking at these parties! So, that's not going to happen!"
"You told Randy after our first house party he could fuck you in the ass next time," I reminded her.
"That's only because I didn't like the way he was just using women there," Jan said a little angrily. "He told me he takes Viagra, and he doesn't cum in us. He just goes from hole to hole all evening. And I couldn't stand his cocky attitude! So, I also told him if he does fuck me in the ass, he'd better cum in me, or I'll reach down and crush his balls!"
"Yeah," I admitted, "so he's probably not going to take that chance with you."
"But if you didn't cum with Megan," she noticed and asked, "how many times did you get off tonight?"
"I enjoyed Megan and Beth sucking me, but I didn't come in them ... only in you."
"That experience with Megan was too much to resist," Jan admitted. "Then you guys made me come several times after that. But you only had two other women sucking you?"
"Well, as I said, I wasn't feeling it with Megan. Maybe I'm just too used to the way you feel on me. And after you took care of me from Beth sucking me up, I felt relaxed for the rest of the evening."
"You could have joined in with me and Rick, or with Jen and Ken in an MFM," Jan said.
"I know," I said with some resignation. "But I wasn't feeling ready or anxious yet. And I didn't want to kneel in the living room with the chance my knee might act up again. I just wanted to relax and watch your show."
"You weren't at all jealous?" she asked a little surprised.
"No, not jealous. I think I like the feel of your pussy the best. And as long as you're having fun and have already taken care of me, it's all just fun. ... But you know, you sucked and fucked Grant, Jerry, Dan, Rick, and me. So, it's your five to my three" and I added with a chuckle, "Not that I'm keeping score."
"I also had Megan do me, too," Jan said sheepishly. "I'm such a slut."
"But you'reMYslut! And that's why I love you," I said with a hint of appreciation. "Now about that 'roadhead' ..."
"I took care of you already," Jan said sternly. "But if you're really feeling up to it again, it can wait until we get home."
"That was rather hot," I noticed "watching Megan fuck you in the ass with that rod while you rode her husband. Maybe I'll fuck you in the ass when we get home."
"I'm not feeling it," she warned. "So, you'll have to settle for my pussy or just jerk it off by yourself."
"Sure," I said drawing it out in a sarcastic and joking tone. "You let Megan fuck you in the ass, but you won't allow me," and I chuckled.
"Don't ruin it, pervert," she warned. "We can stop going to these parties!"
"But I'm YOUR pervert," I said lovingly. "And we both know YOU have more fun at these parties than I do."
"There is that" she admitted. "But you're not fucking me in the ass tonight." Then after a brief pause, she quietly added "Well, ... maybe tomorrow night. I'll get ready for it."
"It's a date!" I replied with a chuckle.
I knew we would enjoy reminiscing about this party for at least the next month or two, as we look for more adventures.
And we're still together, so this is not the end ...
**********
Author's Postscript:Their reference to a threesome with cuffs and tethers is in"Lifestyle Ch. 07: Threesomes".
The last scene in the kitchen with Jan remembering being bent over the table is in the latter half of"Lifestyle Ch. 08-09: Clubs/Parties".
Ted remembering finding Jan in that kitchen sucking another guy's cock with an audience, and Jan discussing ass fucking with Randy is in"Lifestyle Ch.10 -- House Party cont.".
Jan talking of lying next to Ted while Maggie rode him is in"Lifestyle Ch. 12 -- The Bar Group".
And Jan's earlier mention of introducing Ted to Roger while Roger was eating her out is in"Lifestyle Ch. 13 -- Single Swingers".
But if you would like to better understand why Jan behaves this way and Ted accepts it, try reading about their past in"Lifestyle Ch. 11 -- Demons Past".