At least once a year I enjoy a four day, summertime trip into the city. Because the accommodations must meet some very specific requirements, My submissive makes reservations well in advance.
The demands are very clear. It must be a two bathroom suite, with at least one king sized bed, a refrigerator, stove, and microwave. The room should be above the 15th floor, and have large windows over looking a park and busy office building. The park is beautiful, the office building interesting, and an inspiration for play.
Over the years I've peered across the way and found many a man spending hours working at his desk. Occasionally I'll find an attractive one. How do I know he's appealing? My sub, packing high powered binoculars, has the job of inspecting his Mistress' prey and describing him to Her. It's a task he's had before. Sometimes it's up close and personal, in a lounge, club, or on the beach. Other times he has to dial a little long distance.
It begins simply enough. If I spy someone that interests Me, he's instructed to undress completely, take a look, from a darkened adjoining room and provide some details. he knows what I'm looking for. Tall, fit, good looking, neatly dressed, 35-55 years of age. A couple of times I've struck gold.
Recently a terrific looking fellow was spending a whole lot of time in his "glass house" staring at his green screen. I decided it would be pleasing for Me to provide him with a distraction. First step was to be certain I had his attention.
Wearing short shorts, and a top tied up at the midriff, I strolled slowly to the window. his computer was located so he had a good view of My room. I could see him, so he could see Me.
After a short time, I was notified that My hard working business man had begun "checking me out". Initially, I made it appear that I was focused on the scenic park. Once I knew he was watching, the script changed.
I let down My hair, and very slowly, looking directly at him, untied the knot in My top. The report was Mr. Businessman was taking very careful notice, and shifting somewhat uneasily in his chair. I retreated for some water, put the bottle to My lips and took some sensual sips. he reached for his water and took a drink. I had him, and My now aroused submissive, right where I wanted them both.
I peeled off the top, revealing a barely there black bra. he took a not so subtle half turn in his chair. his clumsy curiosity was rewarded with an ever so brief look at the black string bikini previously hidden under My just removed shorts. There was no need for My increasingly aroused and uncomfortable sub to inform his Mistress she had control over her play thing. I could see it, without binoculars, from where I stood.
Directly behind me and in Our/our voyeur's line of sight was a beautifully appointed marble shower. Room shadows being what they were, little could be clearly seen from across the street. Turning on a very soft light, enhancing the captive's view, I began adjusting the pulse and water temperature of the removable shower head. With my back to the businessman I undid My bra, allowing it to drop. Next, I nonchalantly slid My panties down to floor, calmly stepped out of them, while casually giving a quick, over the shoulder peek, to My new admirer. For a fleeting second, as I removed the perfectly tuned shower head, he was treated with a profile. Equally brief was his view of Me turning those erotically massaging jets on My body.
When My compliant lover alerted Me his fellow sub was positioning to stroke himself under the desk, I exited the pulsing water only long enough to turn off the one dim light. No, I wasn't ready for the latest conquest to cum yet. I wasn't ready for either one of them to finish yet, because I wasn't ready for My orgasm yet.
The warm, streaming jets were wonderfully stimulating but it was time for the greater reward. A pipe, neatly packed with this Lady's viagra, awaited. I recast the room in soft light, partially closed the door, and took in some sweet smoke. I donned a reddish, sheer pair of string panties, and thigh length, see through nighty. Belting it around My waist, I reopened the door, strode confidently to a closet and strapped on six inch, black heels.
I appeared mostly as an shadowy shape, gaining more form only upon approaching the window. Virtually pressed against the glass, no longer a musky outline, with dusk setting in I looked directly at My newly minted slave, and began lowering the shade and drawing the curtains in a way that limited the unfolding image to his eyes only. Following My example he readied himself, locking the door and eliminating all lighting except for a desk lamp.
The smoke and pulsating water had My body so alive I could barely stand it. Even the transparent nighty brushing against My fully exposed breasts was exciting. As I began to gently explore My erect nipples, the prey unzipped his trousers, lowered his briefs, and grabbed his dick. Immediately, from My "in house slave", came a plea for permission to begin stroking himself. I granted it with the stern warning that the point of this erotic exercise was for all of us to reach orgasm at the same time.
Propping pillows behind Me, I laid on the bed, fully opened the flimsy nighty, and spread My legs. I moved My hands below My waist. Growing impatient with the damp panties I slid them off. Although, past arms length from the window, My silhouette was easily visible to the submissive businessman. My skilled fingers easily found the most sensitive spots on My swollen, hardened clitoris, and began working erotic magic. I was soaking wet, and every touch seemed electric. Silhouette or no, the plaything could tell, by My straining legs and arched back, that I was on the edge. Unable to hold back any longer he wrapped a handkerchief around his engorged cock, looked straight into My eyes, and exploded, drenching that hanky with his sticky milk. On cue, My loyal servant begged for and was granted permission to release.
With that, I began to cum. The orgasm was so powerful My body literally began shuttering. Even when I thought I was done, the slightest touch of, or pressure against My clit brought more ecstasy. It was beyond spectacular.
Finally able to summon some strength, I stood up, and surveyed this erotic scene I'd created. Two good looking men, masturbating for My pleasure now both looked weakened and drained. My "roommate" lay naked on the floor, not ready to clean himself yet. My submissive businessman needing another handkerchief, seemed stunned. I walked, completely nude, still glistening, to the window, smiled, blew a kiss, and drew the drapes.