Lauren Stone had risen early, leaving her slumbering husband in bed. She was sipping a cup of coffee in the kitchen, having showered, shaved her pussy, and done her hair and make-up. She was wearing a thin silk nightie that barely hung past her ass. There was nothing underneath. Her son Scott was coming home for the week end.
Scottie was in his first semester of college, His poor performance and delayed graduation from high school had relegated him to one of the state system's secondary universities. It was, however, located in New Orleans, and Evelyn Alice, Scott's summer school teacher and lover, had moved there with him. Eve, intent on fully exploring her blossoming sexuality, had become a welcome addition to Lauren and Scottie's bed, as well as those of a few select friends, over the past few months. However, the danger of her libidinous side being discovered in the small conservative suburban community in which they lived was too great and Lauren fully supported Eve's decision to take a job teaching in New Orleans, whose size and diversity would guard her privacy. She and Scott lived together in a non-exclusive relationship; Lauren had spent many a happy weekend with them.
Eve was attending a sex toy party with another teacher, the principal, and two very randy cheerleaders. Lauren had considered sneaking off to the city to visit Scott, but had been asked by her friend Sally to monitor a project for which Sally's boyfriend, Robert, had secured a grant. Previously kids in the community convicted of low-level misdemeanors had been parceled out among differing charitable groups for ill-defined and ineffective community service projects. Now they would all be employed in a concerted effort to clean the town of trash.
Lauren did not hear the front door open. Scottie's surreptitious entry was by design; he wanted to scope out the scene. He had headed home early, hoping to find his Dad asleep and Mom raring to go. When he saw her standing in the kitchen, the sunlight behind her outlining her exquisite body, he knew he'd hit the jackpot. His mind flashed back through the last five months. At the beginning of the summer he'd been a virgin hopelessly tongue-tied around girls. On a trip to the beach his mother had taken his virginity and he'd been introduced to a number of local ladies who, like his mother, happily shared their beds and bodies with their boys. With his new found confidence and the help of the Moms, he had seduced his summer school teacher, with whom he now shared an array of lovers. No woman, however, had a cunt as tight and perfect as his Mom's and it didn't look like it would be too long before his rapidly hardening cock would be buried there again,
The first notice Lauren had that Scottie was home was when two strong arms wrapped around her waist and pulled her back into a tight embrace. She felt an instant spasm in her pussy; she missed her son's cock and the daily fucks they'd enjoyed over the summer.
"Morning Mom." She felt the powerful throb of his penis nestled in the crack of her ass. A swarm of butterflies erupted in her stomach.
"Ooohh, lover, what a way to say good morning. I've missed you." She turned in his arms and they kissed. His tongue worked its way into her mouth and she noted he tasted a tad minty. A new mouthwash? She pressed firmly against him as their tongues caressed each other with a need built up by weeks of deprivation.
Scott ran his hands down the side of her body. There was definitely nothing underneath that nightie. He ground his cock against her belly. She pushed back at him. He was wearing only a tee shirt and shorts and, like her, nothing underneath. He slipped his hands up to cup her tits through the delicate fabric.
"You like?" she said.
"How could I not?"
Scottie gently backed her up to the refrigerator. His hands ravaged her breasts; his mouth feasted on her neck and shoulders, ears and lips. Lauren rubbed her sex against him. God, she had missed her stud-son. She heard footsteps upstairs; her husband, Scottie's Dad, had gotten out of bed. A moment later she heard the shower start up.
Lauren, the parent, was supposed to be the mature one. "We've got to take it easy, honey. Your dad's upstairs; he'll be coming down soon."
"Soon," he replied, pulling her back to him, "not now."
Scottie kissed her forcefully. Unable to resist she joined him in a sweet lover's kiss. He took her hand and placed it on his cock. She ran her hand along its firm contours and then deftly unbuttoned his shorts and reached inside for his thick hard warm meat. He kneaded her breasts; her tender nipples stood stiff and erect.
He bent slightly, brought his cock to the level of her cunt, and started to hump her against the refrigerator. She took hold of his ass cheeks and pulled him into her as he ground his erection against her sex. In the midst of their frenzied action her nightie worked itself above her waist and his shorts fell to his ankles. Their naked pubes were pushing against each other, his erection running up and down her labia. His hands continued to work her tits, which were inflame with passion, their kisses desperate and needy. Although it had been only a fortnight since she had last fucked her son, it seemed like a million years.
She heard the shower turn off. "Oh Scottie, no," she whined, "we've got to stop now," but she continued to grind her pussy into his cock. Since she had taken her son as her lover there had been several score times when he had fucked her with his father in the next room. She knew how much it turned him on. She knew how much it turned her on.
He smiled, confident, lustful, and a bit wicked, and pulled her nightie up. With his other hand he took hold of his cock and ran the tip up and down the face of her sex. She gave out a deep animal moan and her hips jerked involuntarily. "Your mouth says stop, but your pussy has other ideas," he whispered.
He was right. "Oh fuck," she replied, tipping her hips back until her open twitching vagina caught the head of his cock. With a single powerful thrust he filled her completely, the slap of his belly against hers echoing in the kitchen. She recalled her early struggles and futile protests when he would take her first thing in the morning as his father showered and dressed. As he filled her with his man-meat there was now no objection; it felt so damn right.
Just as fucking her son had been in the forefront of her mind from the moment she crawled out of bed; it had been in his. They attacked each other. He held her tits tightly in his strong hands, using them as leverage to bang into her without mercy. She thrust her pussy around his incoming cock. The sound of their wanton coupling filled the room, their low grunts, the smacking together of their trim bellies, the muffled thud of her bumping against the refrigerator. He slipped in and out of her wet pussy in pistoned perfection. While the sons of various friends had followed Scottie as her lovers, no cock fitted her hungry cunt with the perfection of her boy's and they moved together in incestuous harmony.
"Lauren?"
She grabbed her son's ass, pulling him against her, and cocked her head. Her husband was at the top of the stairs.
She replied "Yes dear," giving Scottie her sternest look and replied, but still he wouldn't stop, rotating his hips and grinding his cock into her. When she moaned a triumphant grin crossed Scottie's face. She knew she had to shut him up. She laid her arms across his shoulders and they shared a long sensual kiss.
"Honey," her husband repeated. This time the tone was a bit confused. Where was she? He took a step down the stairs.
Scottie replied, "Were in the kitchen, Dad," and increased the pace of his fucking, gripping her ass, pulling her hips into him. She frowned, but he replied with a charming, wicked, sinful smile. She could protest as much as she wanted, he knew exactly how he made her feel.
"Hey son, didn't know you were home. Ask your Mom where she put my golf shoes."
"In the hall closet, behind, behind your golf bag," she replied, trying to keep her voice flat.
Her husband ascended the steps. Scottie picked up speed, fucking her harder and faster, bouncing her off the floor with each thrust. The inside of her pussy lips were quivering. She felt the pressure build inside her cunt. Scottie's hands found her ass and lifted her. Lauren wrapped her arms around his neck and legs around his waist, pulling her body close to him. His long dick speared into her as deep as it could go.
From the first time her son has scooped her up in his arms she had loved this position. It was both personal, she could study her son's sensual features, see the joy in his face, and feel his chest against hers, and primal, she was completely under his control as he bounced her up and down on his prong. She wanted to scream her joy, but with her husband upstairs she was limited to deep, almost feral, grunts.
Lauren buried her face in her son's neck, loving his powerful masculine odor. She was so wrapped up in the moment that she didn't initially hear her husband's next question. It was Scottie's voice that interrupted her concupiscent trance.
"Say again Dad."
She heard her husband start down the stairs.
"Where are my green golf shirt and pants."
Her mind befuddled, she tried desperately to think. She had to stop him from coming into the kitchen.
"In the bedroom closet," she whispered to her son.
Scottie relayed the message.
John, her husband, sounding slightly annoyed, replied, "I already looked there."
He was continuing down the stairs, heading towards the kitchen. She felt like her reason unravel as her son pounded her tight twat. Desperately, she searched her memory. Oh my god, yes, that's where they were. "Downstairs, with the ironing." Her husband stopped dead in his tracks and headed for the basement.
Lauren could wait no longer. She wrapped her hands around her son's neck. She felt the pressure building within her and let herself go, surrendering to her most primal needs. The pleasure of being fucked by her stud-son while her husband wandered the house looking for his clothes propelled her through the boiling point. Lauren squeezed her thighs together, narrowing her vaginal canal, tightening her already tight cunt and increasing the pressure on her son's fuck-tool. Her clenched muscles increased the tension in her own body, sending her spiraling desire through the sky and into the stratosphere.
Scottie pushed hard inside her; she felt the base of his cock pulsing against her swollen labia and its head interred deep within her cunt. She buried her mouth in her forearm to stifle her groans and saw the concentration on her son's face; he was going to fill her cunt with his thick cum. She came and heard her son's moan in her ear as he shot his load deep into her.
What happened next was a blur. She heard her husband's footsteps approaching and was aware that Scottie was helping her put on a terrycloth robe. She leaned against her son, trying to get her bearings, when her husband, wearing pressed shirt and pants, walked in. He was upbeat.
"You guys okay?" he asked. He stared at her pink glowing face. "I thought I heard you guys talking but couldn't make out what you were saying."
Lauren thought about telling him the truth, "That was the sound of two people fucking and coming, dear. Your son is quite the cocksman. His cum is dripping down my leg right now." However, it was Scottie who answered.
"Everything's fine Dad. How are you?" Scottie poured a cup of coffee, sliding it towards his father, who was only half-paying attention to his wife and son. She was a bit flushed, he thought. She must be happy to see Scott. He had noticed, with approval, how much closer they had grown over the last few months. The boy, on the other hand, appeared a bit rumpled, but no more than any other teenager.
John walked to the other side of the counter and glanced at the newspaper. Lauren stepped between him and Scottie and ran her hand over the front of her son's shorts. His fat dick was still thick with blood.
"Scottie, do you need to get anything from the car."
Her son took the hint. "Sure Mom," and disappeared.
"Did Roger get back to you?" she asked her husband.
"Yeah, all the guys are ready. You don't mind us playing poker, even with Scott back in town?"
"No," she answered.
The look in his eyes indicated he needed some explanation for her generosity. "Remember last summer, when I went to that conference and ended up taking the rest of the week off to hang with Sally and Theresa at the beach," she said, recalling the extraordinary week when she and Scottie had became lovers.
He, obliviously, nodded yes.
"Well, while I was there and I started thinking how you made it all possible and that I didn't appreciate you enough. So I decided, if you want something you should have it. If you want to spend the night with the boys, so be it." She ran her fingers down his arms. She knew she was giving off a tsunami of sexual vibes, a feeling enhanced by the load of her son's cum lodged in her 7pussy. John, sensing something, checked out his wife; she was still an extraordinarily beautiful woman. He thought about taking her upstairs, but Scott was home and his golf game waited. Instead he kissed her cheek and headed for the door, saying, "I have the best wife in the world."
It was odd, she thought, since she had taken Scott as a lover her sex life with her husband had markedly improved.
Her son greeted her husband at the door as he left. She motioned her boy over to the picture window, discarded the terrycloth robe, and fell to her knees, pulling down his shorts and freeing his erection. She looked up, her eyes alight and a wide smile on her face.
"Is this for me?" She asked, affecting a coy tone.
"It's all for you," he replied, his voice confident. She kept her eyes on his and licked the head of his dick while caressing his testicles. When she finished she stroked the trunk of his dick with her hand and took the head in her mouth, clamping her lips together and bobbing up and down several times. His groans confirmed she was on the right track.
She licked the underside of his cock.
"It's even bigger than I remember."
Again she took him in her mouth. When about half of it was jammed into her face she wiggled her head, letting the crown move around inside her warm sucking mouth. She pulled it out to catch her breath and wipe the drool from her chin. "What's your Dad doing?"
She again slipped her face over his cock, but this time with more abandon, turning her head into a pussy and ramming it onto his tool.
"Unnh, he just put the clubs in trunk, unnnnhhh, he's opening the door and taking, unnnnhhhhhh, out his cell... He's just standing there talking." He placed his hands on her head, gently guiding her movements, and pulled her hair to the side, wanting an unimpeded view as he face-fucked his Mama. She took him deep into her mouth and twisted her head, driving the cockhead into one of her cheeks, and stretching the skin until his dick shot out of her face with a loud popping sound. She licked his balls and then ran her full lips along the sides of his instrument before again taking it inside her mouth, this time clamping her lips on it as tightly as she could and slowly, ever so slowly, running her head up and down his magnificent organ. When it was fully lubricated she held it worshipfully before her and started jacking him off. She heard her husband's car engine start.
She stood and placed her hands on the picture window, her back to her son. "Time to fuck me." He lifted her short gown and with practiced expertise entered his mother from behind. They had done this often enough to know that at this time of day, in these lighting conditions, it was impossible to see what was happening in the house from the outside. Lauren watched her husband drive off while he son's talented cock filled her hot wet pussy.
* * * *
Lauren and Scottie were almost on time when they pulled into the parking lot next to the police station. Lauren spotted Sally and Robert and waved. Sally walked over and with a mischievous giggle said, "You two look happy. I was wondering if you'd make it."
Lauren laughed. "It was close."
Robert approached the ladies with Jenny Hays, the town's Director of Administration, and her son Jimmy. The town council had asked that a town official and mental health professional ride with the scofflaws during the first week of the new anti-litter program . Jenny and Lauren had volunteered. Both women indicated they'd feel more secure if their boys were present.
As Robert and Jenny discussed the day's events, Sally and Lauren took a few moments to confirm tomorrow's plan: the two of them and Scottie were going to Theresa's for a day of sex. As they talked they watched Jenny, a beautiful red-headed woman of forty who had been selected Miss New Orleans in her teens and then spent several years as a Saints cheerleader. With her body, they thought, she could still hold down the job. Jenny's dress featured a long slit that showed off her lovely legs and when she bent over her loose fitting blouse fell open, providing a quick view of her ample, bra-enclosed, breasts. She had already, to the untrained eye, inadvertently flashed a few of the boys.
Sally and Lauren did not have untrained eyes. They were the best psychiatrists in town. Thus Sally's tone was clinical, not catty, when she said "Jenny's a bit of an exhibitionist, isn't she?"
"Yes she is," Lauren replied while scanning the crowd, "and a few of the young men have already noticed. She's also noticed their noticing."
* * * *
The crew was sitting on benches fixed to a trailer being towed by a city vehicle. Lauren and Jenny were up front; their sons sat with the other young people behind them. Despite the difference in their ages, the guys had all noticed these attractive older ladies. However, as the slit in her skirt showcased her magnificent legs and her blouse had given everyone a quick peek at her tits, the majority of the snickered comments were about Jenn. Most of the kids didn't know, or didn't care, that Jimmy was her son. He was growing increasingly angry over the comments.
It was during a break that Scottie, sitting with his Mom, mentioned what was going on. Lauren had, of course, noticed. She had also thought a bit more deeply about it than her son.
"Well, can you blame them," she laughed. "She's beautiful. Heck, I've been checking her out myself, so have you, and most interestingly, although he'd deny it, so has Jimmy."
Scottie smiled. "Busted."
"Jenny's an exhibitionist. She likes showing off the goods, it turns her on. However, its important for her to pretend its innocent. This scene is perfect for her. She's acting in her job as town administrator and doing a good deed. Unless I miss my guess, right now she's raging mass of sexual desire. And I think that provides us an opportunity."
Lauren outlined a plan.
* * * *
The next stop was at a public playground. Scottie shepherded Jimmy to a corner of the field. Jimmy, although eighteen, was still in high school; Scottie was in college. Jimmy thought Scottie was way cool.
"You okay man, you look like you're about to blow a fuse."
"Fuck, do you see those guys looking at my Mom and hear what they're saying about her."
"Yeah, they're a bunch of asshole dickheads, but let's face it, you and I have hot moms. Guys are gonna look. In fact, I've been guilty of checking yours out myself."
A look of relief and surprise appeared on Jimmy's face.
"You think your Mom is hot?"
"Yeah man, who wouldn't."
"Well, its just that, I've been thinking I was kinda nuts, thinking my own Mom is hot. It's good to hear someone else thinks about their Mom that way. You sure you do? You're not fucking with me, are you?""
Scott reassured his friend. "Jimmy, they may be our Moms, but those two ladies are some fine. I've been guilty of checking out mine, and yours, for years."
Jimmy, palpably relieved, said, "Yeah, I've been looking at yours too. You don't think it's weird to think your own Mom is, well, sexy?"
Jimmy had taken the bait. Time to reel him in. "I used to feel that way. Then one day my Mom was outside in a tight bathing suit and noticed me staring. I denied it, but she knew I was lying. She made me sit down and talk about it. It turns out its not weird at all, its normal."
"You're shitting me."
"Nope. Hell man, my Mom's a shrink. She understands this stuff. I ended up feeling a whole lot better about it. I'm sure she'd be happy to talk to you about it."
Scottie could see the hesitation in Jimmy's face.
"How about this. I'll ask my Mom to invite you and your Mom over tonight. We'll hang out by the pool, throw some steaks on the grill, and if the spirit moves you, you can talk to her."
Jimmy thought a second. Jill, his girlfriend was out of town, he'd get to see his and Scott's Mom in bathing suits, and the alternative, hanging out at home with Dad and his poker buddies, was not at all appealing.
"Sure."
Jenn happily accepted Lauren's invitation to join her for dinner that night. The chance to escape a home full of her husband, his poker buddies, and their cigars was not to be forsaken.
* * * *
The four of them had just finished dinner when Lauren noticed the bottle of red wine was nearing empty.
"Scottie, would you be a dear, and get another bottle."
Scott, who was sitting by the pool, his feet dangling in the water, said, "That was the last bottle Mom." Seeing the disappointment in his mother's face, he added, "Want me to run down to the store and pick up another bottle."
"Do you mind? That'd be wonderful."
Scott turned to Jenny, who, basking in the attention she had gotten from the boys all day, was wearing her most revealing bikini. "Ms. Hays, do you mind giving me a hand picking out the wine. I know nothing about wine."
Jenny, the exhibitionist in her thrilled at the notion of putting a light wrap over her bikini and going to the store, said sure and stood up. They headed inside.
Once in the kitchen Scott turned to the attractive red head.
"I'm afraid I told a little white lie. There's another bottle of wine. I wanted to give Jimmy a chance to talk to Mom."
A bit of concern in her voice. "About what? What's going on?"
"Nothing bad Mrs. Hays, but I pretty sure you don't want to hear it."
Jenny couldn't resist that opening. She turned back to the window overlooking the pool. With the house dark and the lights overlooking the pool bright the interior of the house was invisible.
"No tell me, what's going on."
"Well, Mrs. Hays, when we were working the garbage detail today, well I'm sure you didn't realize it, but that slit on your skirt was showing a lot of leg. The guys on the detail were checking it out and then..." Scottie faltered, feigning embarrassment. Jenny bit. "No go ahead, tell me."
"Well, your blouse, whenever you leaned forward, it fell open. The guys were watching and making comments. They were, well, positive but prurient. Jimmy overheard a lot of it and got pretty ticked off."
As she looked out the window she could see Jimmy in the water, talking to Lauren. He was dog paddling in her direction, but slowly, tentatively. She suddenly felt tense. What was going on out there? That's when Scottie's fingers took hold of the muscles of her shoulder and started kneading them. That felt good. As the tension melted away another sensation emerged. When she had gotten home from the garbage pick up she had been horny, very horny. The afternoon of flashing her charms to the young audience had, as it always had, left her in a high state of arousal. While she had been able to bring herself off in the shower, it was far from the long patient slow masturbation she needed. She had arrived at Lauren's turned-on. Scottie's confirmation that the boys had been staring at her and added tid-bit that her son had noticed it only added fuel to the fire.
"Well I had to confess to Jimmy when he started complaining that I was guilty too. Heck, what guy wouldn't take a peek if he could."
Her voice borderline flirtatious, Jenny said, "Scottie, I'm old enough to be your mother."
"Well, Mrs. Hays, you can say that all you want, but you're a beautiful woman, impossible not to notice. I've been guilty of staring for years."
He worked her neck. Jenny let out a groan, part a reaction to the massage, part sexual release. She hoped Scottie thought it was all the former, but the image of Scottie and all those young men covertly looking at her was her most basic sexual fantasy.
Scottie then upped the ante. "And I had to tell your son I'm not the only one of his friends who does so. We all liked hanging around your house, especially when you wore those cute little white shorts while gardening."
Jenny, not unlike any other beautiful women, wondered whether she still had it. The exhibitionist in her had often led her to wear skimpy clothes when it just so happened the boys were coming over. Her cunt moistened and swelled when she realized they had noticed. Scott's hands on her shoulders; that felt so good; why couldn't her husband touch her like that? Tonight he'd be in no condition to fuck her. She needed to find time for a nice long visit with her vibrator.
* * * *
Outside, Lauren knew what was on Jimmy's mind and also knew he'd never bring it up on his own. So she thanked him for everything he had done during the day. When he said it was nothing, she assured him that both she and Jenny felt safer with him around. When he again assured her it was nothing, that those kids were not going to do anything, she said it wasn't the threat of violence, but it just made a woman uncomfortable to be leered at by a bunch of strangers.
"Not that a woman doesn't like to be admired, but there are classy ways to do it."
Jimmy liked thinking of himself as a class act. "Yeah, they were making some crude comments. I didn't know you and Mom heard them."
"Your Mom's a beautiful woman, she's been admired all her life. Sometimes with grace, often not."
Jimmy's instinct was to play the gentleman. "So are you Mrs. Stone, you and Mom are both beautiful." Then he stopped. Had he gone too far? Had he just admitted to checking out his Mom?
Lauren looked at Jimmy. She could see his embarrassment. He was wondering if he'd stepped over the line. She stretched, moving her lithe body moving sensuously. "Thank you Jimmy, that makes me feel good. It's nice to hear that from such a good looking young man. It's nice to know I still have it."
Was she flirting with him? He would have thought it impossible, but he felt his dick get even harder.
Lauren saw his reaction. She continued, "I apologize, I see I've embarrassed you. I know for a young man like yourself it must seem odd to find an old lady like me attractive. Scottie and I had a conversation about just that fact not too long ago." She patted the lounge chair next to hers, her voice tone sexy and husky. "Why don't you come sit next to me."
That his cooler older friend had been in the same position as he provided Jimmy some comfort. But how to get out of the pool without her noticing his erection? That's when Lauren, as if on cue, turned away to pick up the glass and drink her remaining wine. Jimmy popped out of the water and grabbed a towel, wrapping it around his waist.
* * * *
As Scottie's masterful hands shifted from her neck to her shoulders Jenny continued watching her son. He and Lauren were talking; he was still hanging in the pool. She patted the chair next to her, gesturing Jimmy to join her. Then Lauren turned to reach for her wine glass and Jimmy popped out of the water and wrapped a towel around himself. The reason was clear; he was sporting a sizable erection. It seemed impossible to Jenny that Lauren could have missed it.
Jenny had conflicting emotions. Part of her was troubled by her baby boy lusting for an older woman, whose body language was plainly inviting. However, if Lauren could flirt with her boy, why couldn't she do it with Lauren's. Scott's talented hands moved to her lumbar, continuing to work her muscles. Was he also erect? In as subtle a movement as she could muster, Jenny swung her ass back and grazed Scott's stiff member. Another burst of need filled her cunt. She wondered if Scott knew she had done it on purpose.
Scottie leaned forward, lightly touching her butt with his erection. He knew exactly what she' done. There was little reason to be coy.
"Mmmmmm, Scottie, you've got the touch, this feels so nice."
"I'm glad you're liking it, sexy lady."
* * * *
Outside Jimmy had taken the lounge chair next to Lauren.
"So today, you were mad at those boys staring at your Mom and making all those comments about her?"
"Yes Mrs. Stone."
"Maybe its time you called me Lauren."
"Yes, Lauren."
"But at the same time you were attracted to me, weren't you."
"Yes Mrs., I mean Lauren."
He was still nervous. Lauren slid forward, moving her upper body onto his chair. "When Scottie and I talked about it, it turned out that what really bothered him was not that he was attracted to older women in general, but that he was attracted to me, his mother, in particular. I had to explain to him that sexual attraction between a mother and son is perfectly normal. Its part of the very fabric of our culture, from the plays of Sophocles to standards like 'I Want A Girl Just Like The Girl that Married Dear Old Dad.'"
Jimmy was shocked by this confession, but being a teen-aged boy he didn't want to act shocked. Thus, he tried to play it cool by playing along. "Yeah, I know what you mean, I think my Mom is real pretty."
"Do you think about her when you masturbate?"
This time he was unable to overcome his shock. He just stared.
Lauren's tone became a sensual growl. "Is the taboo is too strong for you to do that? Scottie, had the same problem. He felt the desire, but couldn't talk about it, couldn't act on it. It just gnawed at him inside, like it's eating you up."
That morning Jimmy wouldn't have described it as eating him up inside, but now, under Lauren's questioning, his mind was flooded with images of him and his Mom in bed. Which was exactly what Lauren had counted on.
"Let's try a visualization exercise. Imagine your Dad's out of town. He and Jenny have been fighting a lot lately, often sleeping in separate rooms. You two are on the couch watching a movie, something sexy and romantic that your Mom picked out. She feels lonely and snuggles in your arm, maybe wearing gym shorts and a tee-shirt, no bra."
Jimmy didn't need much imagination to picture this image. He often had noticed that when his Dad was out of town his Mom dressed in skimpy clothes and was more physically affectionate with him.
"She pushes her body back into you. When she does your arms, which had been resting on her shoulders, fall forward, across her breasts. You're not sure what to do. You know they shouldn't be there, but you don't want to jerk your hands away in panic. Your just about to shift your position, to subtly move your arms, when Jenny drapes her arms across yours, pinning your arms firmly against her firm breasts. She says, "It feels good to be held like this. Your Dad doesn't hold me like this anymore. It's as if he didn't think I was pretty anymore."
Lauren directed a question to Jimmy: "What would you tell her, Jimmy?"
"I'd tell her how beautiful she is." he replied.
"Yes, you would. And then she turned to towards you with a big smile. So you'd tell her more, that she is beautiful and sexy and desirable. She's kiss you on the cheek and then lean the side of her body against you and wrap your arms around herself more tightly. When she does your hands land directly on her breasts. Her hips also sit directly on your penis and she squirms against you. At the same time she asks for a big hug. When you do so you can't help but squeeze her firm fat breasts. Her only reaction is to sigh and press more firmly against you. She leans her head against you. You can smell her hair; she smells so nice."
Jimmy was fondling his erection under the towel. The images Lauren painted were crystal clear in his head. He had some doubts about whether he should have such thoughts about his Mom, but Lauren Stone was among the community's most distinguished citizens, a respected psychotherapist, and his Mom's friend. Is she said it was okay, it had to be okay. Without realizing it, he let out an involuntary groan.
"Then it happens, you feel your penis getting hard. You know your Mom can feel it. She doesn't do anything but move her hips against you, like she doesn't know its there. You start to feel panic, but your dick keeps getting harder. That's when your Mom looks up at you and kisses you on the lips. 'Jimmy, Mommy needs you to take care of her tonight, but it must stay between the two of us. Can you promise me that?' As she says this she shifts her hips and through your jeans runs a strong finger down the underside of your erection. What would you tell her Jimmy?"
* * * *
Scottie felt Jenny's body tremble in need. She was fascinated by her son's flushed face and evident arousal. His Mom, Scottie thought, was right. Just as Jenny liked to be covertly watched, she liked watching. Jimmy was shifting position on the chair.
"There is one thing I haven't told you. But you have to promise to keep it a secret. If Jimmy knew I was telling you he'd never speak to me again," Scottie said.
Jenny arched her back and thrust her breasts forward. She felt Scottie's erection on her ass. "What is it, I promise," she said in a lust sodden voice.
"Jimmy told me he was checking you out today, checking out your legs, peeking down your blouse. It wasn't just me and the scofflaws, it was your own boy. He was looking at you, lusting for you, thinking about how hot you are. It turns out he's been doing it for years, but he's feels guilty about it. I suggested he talk to Mom about it. That's what he's doing right now, telling my Mom about how much you turn him on."
* * * *
Jimmy stared at Lauren. His hand, which was rubbing his erection hard, had dislodged the towel he had wrapped around his waist. The silhouette of his dick was clearly visible to Lauren, but for the moment he didn't mind. He would have probably have minded if he knew his mother was staring at it from inside the house, but that he did know.
"Well Jimmy, what would you tell her?" Her gaze was directly on his hand fingering his cock through his bathing suit.
"I'd tell her yeah," he answered with unguarded enthusiasm.
"It's fine to touch yourself Jimmy. Masturbation is perfectly normal. Rub it hard, rub it hard. Imagine your Mom sliding to the floor and pulling your belt off, snaking it through the loops of your jeans. She tosses it to the floor. Imagine her undoing the button on your waist, zipping down your fly, and reaching inside to fondle your hard member. You lift your butt from the couch and she understands instantly, pulling down your jeans and underpants until they bunch at your ankles. Your cock is free and it springs upward to slap against your belly."
Jimmy was staring at Lauren. A few hours ago he confessed, for the first time, an attraction to his mother. At the time he felt like a complete pervert. Now he was being told it was normal and being walked through a fantasy about her. Jimmy was hooked and when Lauren encouraged him to masturbate, told him that it was perfectly okay to jerk off while dreaming about his Mom, he complied, yanking down his swim trucks and taking firm hold of his penis.
* * * *
When the towel fell away, Jenny gasped at the evident sign of her son's arousal.
"Think of your boy, all those years of spying on his mother, wanting her. That's why his dick is stiff, because he is thinking about his mother's fine body."
Scottie untied Jenny's bikini top and reached around to her warm flushed breasts. He pressed his full erection into Jenny's backside. As he made skilled love to Jenny's plump breasts, he continued describing how her son was sitting in the backyard, only a few feet away, confessing that he had peeked down her blouse at stared at her tits, checked out her sweet long legs, watched her shapely firm ass. How his dick, like that of all the other boys, had grown hard and thick watching Jenny flash her sexy firm body. While Jenny imagined all those boys' eyes on her body, she mostly thought about her son. The body she had spent so many hours at the gym keeping firm and desirable, the body she had carried across the stage when she had been crowned Miss New Orleans, the body she had shaken before tens of thousands of people at Saint's football games, was now the body even her son spied on.
It had been years since she had been this hot. She remembered how turned on she'd get after strutting her stuff on stage at a beauty pageant, how she and the other girls would rush back to their hotels to make love deep into the night. Or after a football game how she and the other cheerleaders, after dancing to the delight of thousands of fans, would rendezvous with some of their favored players and fuck them until no one could move. When she had fallen in love with and married her banker husband, he insisted his job required her to give up cheerleading in favor of a certain conservative decorum. Since then her dabbling with exhibitionism had been, like today, limited to tight-ish dresses and short-ish skirts. She had never imagined that her own son had been enjoying the show for years.
Now her boy was a few feet away jerking off, fantasizing about her. Went Scottie's hands deftly removed her bikini bottom the thought of saying no never crossed her mind. When his hands cupped her ass cheeks, rotating them outward, she reached between her spread legs for the cock she needed in her lust crazed cunt.
As soon as she fitted the knob of his cock to the mouth of her pussy, Scott slid inside, pushing forward until their pubic hairs nestled into each other. Jenny's pussy was dripping wet and yielded effortlessly to Scot's cock. Jenny completely surrendered to her lust, shouting "AAAAARRRRRRRR... GGGGGGGHHHH," as he filled her. Scott saw the obvious, this beautiful woman was desperate to be fucked. He'd give her the good hard screwing she needed, but first he pushed hard into her, actually lifting her off the floor. Jenny, with his cock embedded in her as deep as it could go, felt like shish-ka-bobbed meat. Her cunt spasmed and juice dripped around the edges of his tool and down her thighs. She was desperate to be fucked and started chanting with an intensity she hadn't known in years, "FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME."
* * * *
Jimmy's hands were flashing up and down his stiff cock while Lauren encouraged him to imagine how it would look stuffed in his mother's mouth. Jimmy could actually feel his Mom's tight wet lips clamped around his shaft as he sawed it in and out of her face, watching the spit leak from the corners of her mouth and flow down her chin, hearing her gag as his cock filed her face. Lauren glanced at the house. All the lights were out, the signal that her son had things under control. Jenny was in there watching, her cunt filled with Scottie's talented cock, imagining how her flashing her well kept legs and beautiful tits earlier that day had aroused even her own son. Lauren reached over and caressed Jimmy's balls. She rolled a pulsating testicle in her fingers; he wouldn't last much longer
"What do you think, where would your Mom want your cum? On her face or down her throat"
"Unnhh," Jimmy groaned in response, both images crowding his depraved mind.
* * * *
Scottie was fucking Jenny in a long powerful smooth strokes, pulling his cock out until only its large head remained inside and then driving back into her. Jenny, her hands braced on the kitchen counter, was pushing her hips back into him. One of his hands expertly teased and delighted her breasts, the other was between her legs, focused on her clitoris. They were both approaching an orgasm.
Scottie no longer needed to tell her how she'd been the object of the lustful glances and stares of the young men she'd spent the afternoon with. He no longer needed to describe how he had peeked at her or that she was the object of her own son's fantasies. Jenny's imagination was supplying its own internal dialogue as she watched her son masturbate in front of Lauren and then watched Lauren take her son's testicles into her hand. Jenny thought about the times she has suspected her son of checking her out. In the future she'd give him all the opportunities he wanted to catch a glimpse of her stockings or a peek down a bathrobe that accidentally slipped open.
The kitchen was filled with the savage grunts of two people riding the waves of a sexual high. Scottie was not sure how much longer he could hold on when, looking over Jenny's shoulder, he saw Jimmy blow his wad, spraying cum onto his mother's tits and chin. Jenny saw it too and screamed, "I'm gonna cum!" and the most powerful orgasm in recent memory seized control of her. She moaned, rolled up on her tip toes, and pushed down hard on Scottie's man meat. Plunging deep into her as her cunt contracted on his dick, Scottie shouted, "AAAAARRRRRRRR... GGGGGGGHHHH," and flooded Jenny's pussy with his cum. Jenny, in turn, hollered as a second orgasm - seconds behind the first - consumed her. She fell face first onto the counter, whimpering and moaning, her hips continuing to buck until she accidentally pulled her sensitive pussy off Scott's meat. She felt empty inside as she lay there, breathing deeply. Her pussy lips quivered and her orgasm started to subside.
Outside Lauren was collecting Jimmy's cum from her tits and chest and licking it off her fingertips. "Looks like fun," Jenny thought, "I wonder what my son's jism tastes like?"
* * * *
Jenny and Scot remained in the kitchen, taking the time to wallow in post-orgasmic joy. Jenny occasionally dipped a finger in her vagina, gathering up the mixture of Scott's cum and her juice. They did taste good together. It had been some years since she had cheated on her husband. Maybe, just maybe, if Scottie was interested, she might want to start again. After cleaning up and catching their breath, the two of them grabbed the bottle of wine that they had ostensibly driven to the store to buy and headed back outside.
Lauren had put this delay to good use. As Jimmy lay in the chair next to hers, his orgasm having left his mind wind-open and non-judgmental, Lauren explained a few things, including that his mother was an exhibitionist, that knowing that she was being checked out turned her on and that nothing could more arousing than the ultimate taboo, carnal attention from her own son. When asked, she gave Jimmy some pointers on seducing his mother.
The pool party broke up when Lauren received a text from her husband indicating that the poker game had ended. John was catching a ride home with Derek, the designated-driver and fifteen year chip holder at the local Alcoholics' Anonymous chapter.
On their way home Jimmy asked his Mom is she'd go shopping with him for clothes the following day. The Mall of Louisiana, which was about a hour from their home, was having a big sale and his girlfriend Jill, whose advise he normally solicited, was out of town.
"Do you really want to go shopping with your Mom?"
"Well, I mean, if you don't mind, we could have you put on some tight jeans, a tank top, and boots. We'd tell people you're my hot old sister or" and, he added, after a pause, "girlfriend."
Jenny agreed to go. After all, her teenaged son rarely asked for help or wanted to hang out with her; she should take advantage of the opportunity. At home she'd be a distraction to her badly hung over husband, who'd want to spend the day watching football. The thrill of showing her wares at a mall where she was unlikely to run into anyone she knew was not a reason to go, but, she thought, it would be fun.
That night the Hays and Stone homes had certain commonalities and certain differences. Both houses had throughly inebriated husbands, both of whom were wholly unaware of what was happening around them. Both also had very horny moms and sons. At the Hayes' house, Jenny, with the day's events playing in her mind, was repeatedly bringing herself off with her fingers. She imagined, accurately, that her son was in his bedroom doing the same with a clenched fist. At the Stones', Lauren had left her husband's side and crawled into bed with her son, where they were fucking each other into complete insensibility.