Author's note:I took a short break from the multi-chapterNew England Triadseries(N.E.T.)to write this standalone short story. Here I'm trying for a lighter and more comic tone. The action here takes place somewhere in New England (okay: Hartford County, Connecticut) a few months after the end ofN.E.T.'s action. Some characters appear in both works. You do not need any familiarity at all withN.E.T.to understand this new story. I hope you also enjoy it.-- Peter
************
The university's graduate program in English was small. Most of the students seemed to be wives of professors in other departments or wives of business executives in the area--never husbands. Plus a handful of idealistic young men and women in their twenties who were hoping, against all odds, to build a career as a college professor. Probably none of us was going to set the academic world on fire, but graduate students were almost always a delight to teach.
Much graduate work in English here was done as independent-study projects. Which is why a charming, very smart, and very pretty natural-blonde twenty-something and I were alone in my office late Friday afternoon, poring over the Oxford edition of Jonathan Swift's poetry. Bette Schneider her name was, and she often liked to tease people about her German background.
"ButHerr Doktor ProfessorLancome," she was saying, "even allowing for..."
I interrupted, teasing back. "That's 'Herr Doktor Associate-ProfessorLancome,'FraeuleinBachelor-of-Arts Schneider!"
She smiled engagingly. "How about if I just call you Stephen?"
Flirting with an undergraduate would be an insane risk for a professor these days. Even flirting with graduate students had gotten dicey. But small sparks had been flying between Bette and me for a year, and I felt comfortable enough with her to take a chance now. I smiled back.
"That would be fine, Bette. In private."
"Got it."
Bette's brain was as fine as her body. She saw that the details of a fashionable woman's excrement in "The Lady's Dressing Room" had to be seen through shifting layers of irony and social criticism and also through a narrator who clearly is not Swift himself. And yet, and yet... even allowing for all that, wasn't there something just a littleoddand unsettling in the language here? Would you bet any money that Swiftdidn'thave some kind of problem with women?
"I think you're right, Bette," I said. "Thereissomething unsettling in this poem, and it's hard to put your finger on exactly what it is or exactly where it's located. Might make a nice research project, trying to pin it down, if you're interested. I don't know if feminist theory might be helpful here. Mary Ellen Spivak might have some good suggestions if you feel like pursuing that angle."
Bette looked up from the notes she was jotting--looked at me as though I had said something wise and immensely helpful. Which I was fairly sure I hadn't.
Our conversation drifted away from Swift and onto personal matters--another thing you could do with graduate students that you'd hesitate to do with undergraduates. Undergraduates were too apt to misinterpret all familiarity as the first stage of sexual harassment--"grooming behavior" or something.
But the graduate students had lived long enough--and had gotten comfortable enough with their own sexuality--that they could tell casual conversation from flirting from harassment. They enjoyed the first of the three and sometimes the second too.
By now it was late in the afternoon, 4:30. Bette and I both could see that the chances were low of any more wise insights about literature flowing from either of us. But we were enjoying each other's company.
A small ornamental pin on Bette's sweater again caught my attention. It was a silver disk about the size of a nickel. A bas-relief image of what looked like a three-bladed propeller filled most of the disk. Between the tip of each blade and the edge of the disk was a small hemispherical cavity. A fourth small cavity was in the center.
"Tell me about your pin," I invited. "It looks vaguely familiar. I think I've seen one or two like it on people from time to time. Maybe with little jewels above the propeller tips. What's it mean?"
Bette looked uncomfortable and relieved at the same time. "Uh, yes, Stephen. That's part of the reason I asked for a conference today."
I swiveled my desk chair to face her. I crossed my legs, laced my fingers together and raised my eyebrows, silently inviting her to go on (while looking professorial to the max). My gaze shifted among her blue eyes, the pin, and that sweet, high, Teutonic bosom on which the pin perched. The nipples had to be pink, I judged. She is a very beautiful young woman, I judged. With a very impressive brain. Just my type, except for being about ten years too young. I was 39. According to her records, she was 25.
"There's an organization I've recently gotten involved with," she said. "It's called Lodestone. It's hard to describe. It's for adult women--you have to be at least 23.
"Lodestone is a strange blend of things. It's kind of a cross between a sorority and an honor society and a mystical outfit like Eastern Star and an Outward Bound program and a secret society sort of thing like Skull and Bones. It's for women whosomebodyhas identified as potential movers and shakers in some way or another. The selection process is pretty unclear to me at the moment. For some reason they invited me to join. Two members looked me up, invited me out for coffee, and made a pretty convincing case. A lot of very impressive, very successful women are members, it turns out. It's a network: they help one another. I'm not permitted to name anyone.
"Many members choose not to wear their pin except at official Lodestone functions. Junior members like me have to wear our pins all the time unless we have a fairly good reason not to--we're in a uniform, say, or in surgical scrubs. The number and color of jewels on the pin's surface mean things. They're sort of like Boy Scout merit badges. As you see, I have none so far. I'm very new. I should have one jewel tomorrow.
"You're probably wondering, but I don't see the connection between a lodestone and a propeller either--if in fact it actually is a propeller. It might not be. Some things get explained only after you've advanced a bit in the organization."
I was surprised to see a bright, mature young woman like Bette get so caught up what seemed to be a rather silly secret sorority. But I decided I'd be nice and not scoff. "You said that Lodestone is connected to our conference?" I prompted.
For some reason Bette blushed. "I know this all must sound silly, Stephen, but please hear me out. Members have to advance through several levels. These levels have names like Boldness, Risk, Trust, Resilience, Change, Power... you get the picture. Each level has four tasks. You see the four holes in my pin. A little jewel is glued in for each completed task at that level. Each level has its own type of jewel. As the levels rise, the four tasks get harder. When you have finally completed every level your pin has four diamonds. I know this sounds incredibly Mickey-Mouse: you don't need to tell me! It's just one of those things. I'm sure the Masons and the Rotary Club have their own collection of silly rituals."
"And universities too," I reassured her. "It's okay, Bette. I'm not thinking any less highly of you."
She looked relieved. "Stephen, you can help me in this. It will cost you not a cent and only a few minutes of your time--and I guarantee you will consider it time very well spent. Could you do this for me?"
I had taken plenty of risks already this afternoon. What's one more? "Of course," I said.
Bette continued her explanation. "Thank you. Now, as I understand it, to some extent the tasks are pretty standard, and to some extent the tasks are tailored to each particular woman. I'm at the beginning of the first level. The first level is Boldness. The jewel color is red. Now brace yourself. My first task of Boldness is to display my body, close up, to someone who has never seen it. Someone to whom such display would be thought inappropriate. If the woman is heterosexual, as I am, the other person has to be a man. There's some debate about who to display yourself to if you're bi or a lesbian.
"I'm assuming that, as a married man, you don't get offended and grossed out at the sight of a woman with her pants off. Somehow I even get the impression you rather like women's bodies."
"Perhaps I do," I deadpanned, "now that you mention it." Bette smiled.
She walked to my office door, glanced about the hallway, closed and locked the door. She returned and stood before me.
"Obviously, I'm uncomfortable with the assigned task; and obviously, that's the whole point of having me do it. Becoming able to do many more things, boldly, even if they make me uncomfortable. So, obviously, boyfriends aren't allowed as partners here. Guys you are trying to turn into a boyfriend aren't allowed. But even if you've fantasized about them from time to time, male professors are just fine for the task. Assuming they haven't already seen you with your clothes off.
"You've already said yes, Stephen, and I'm holding you to your promise. Is now a good time? The hallway is empty, by the way, and all the office doors are closed, I think we're the only people on this hall."
"Wait, Bette," I said, my mind racing. "I presume Lodestone will want documentation of some sort, attesting that this task was successfully completed? Am I supposed to certify in writing that on Friday, February 5, Ms Bette Schneider removed her pants in my office, and I much enjoyed the sight of her lovely private parts? And then you give the signed document to a third party? Does the metaphor of 'time bomb' make as much sense to you as it does to me?"
"Of course, Stephen. No one would ask you to do that in this day and age. Here's all you need to do. I will pose for you. You take a photo of me with my phone. Or if you prefer, I'll take a selfie. The photo will have a time-and-date stamp--say, today at 4:47 PM. Then you just pick up a piece of letterhead and write something like, 'From 4 to 5 PM on February 5, Ms Bette Schneider and I met in conference to discuss Jonathan Swift's poetry.' I show a certain person from Lodestone the timestamped photo, and I show her your note. She smiles, makes a mark in a record book, says 'Good girl!' and hands me an envelope with my second task. Then she glues a red so-called jewel in the top socket of my pin. I retain possession of the note and the photo. Nobody else sees either of them again unless some question of my integrity arises.
"Don't worry. Think about it. Even taken together, the note and the photo don't prove anything at all. None of this would stand up in court--or even a Human Resources hearing--for five minutes. How hard is it to temporarily change your phone's time and date setting? You're not anywhere in the photo. There's no evidence you were even in the building. Professors are always leaving their office doors open and/or unlocked. The 'evidence' is laughable.
"How could anyone get hold of the note and the photo in the first place? Do you think I'm going to post them on Instagram? If you're afraid ofmeblackmailing you, I'll gladly give you a signed statement that this is all my idea. And think of how muchyoucould hurtme, and how muchI'mtrusting that you won't.
"Lodestone just wants a little evidencepro formaof this exploit, and they're basically trusting me not to cheat. The risk you're taking is not zero, but it's pretty low, I think. So are you okay with everything?"
"This is nuts," I said. "But all right: let's do it."
"I'll owe you a big favor afterwards," she said, smiling. "Would you like just my bottoms off or full buck naked? Either is allowed."
"Can we try it both ways?" I asked, reasonably enough. "Start with the bottoms?"
"You do know that displaying one's selfhalf-naked--especially the bottom half--is about twice as difficult for a girl, and twice as wanton-feeling, as just taking all her clothes off would be?"
"I do. And it's twice as charming to her audience, too. But I'll allow you to take the rest off shortly afterwards, so you can feel modest again. Then you'll owe metwofavors." Swift himself would have enjoyed the crackpot logic here, I decided.
Bette gave me a long-suffering smile, stepped out of her loafers, and pulled off her Peds. Unbuckling her belt, she said, "I'm no prude,Professor Lancome,but believe me, undressing for a man I'mnotabout to fuck is quite a new experience for me."
"I can think of an obvious solution to that one," I quipped. "Then afterwards you'll owe methreefavors. And afterwards you'll feel you know me well enough to call me Stephen again."
She stepped out of her navy-blue chinos. She came over to me, bent over, and kissed me briefly on the lips. "Don't imagine that the thought never occurred to me," she said.
Bette moved back a couple of feet, allowing me to take in more of her body at a glance. She was wearing her oatmeal-colored pullover sweater and navy low-rise panties. She rolled the bottom of her sweater up to her navel. "I am now going to pull down my panties for you,Professor Lancome."
Slowly, she did, looking me in the eye all the while. She didn't look like she was especially enjoying this part of her task. On the other hand, she didn't look like she was hating it, either. She stepped out of her panties, moved her legs apart a little, clasped her hands behind her neck, and stood still, offering herself to my gaze. She was blushing again.
I turned my gaze downwards once more. A full blonde bush was too much to hope for these days, but Bette did keep at least some of her golden pubic hair, narrowly ringing her genitals and covering the lower part of her pubic mound. Her labia were hairless. Even with that severe trim, she looked beautiful and wonderfully sexy.
"Bette, you are lovely," I said.
"Thank you, Stephen," she replied. "Now that it's too late to retain a scrap of modesty, I'm starting to find this all fairly pleasant. Yes, I can do this, can't I. Who knew? May I have your desk chair?"
I rose and took the other chair. Bette sat, swiveled the seat to face me. She moved her bottom forwards on the woven seat, swung her left leg over the left armrest, swung her right leg over the right. Her face displayed a sweet smile as she leaned back. Her pretty, puckered anus, her perineum, and her pussy now were all boldly displayed. The pussy, with its ring of golden fur, gaped open a bit. It was much like my wife Ann's: gracefully curved outer labia; delicate, not-very-prominent inner labia; a touch of moisture here and there. Her clitoris wasn't quite visible, but I had a pretty good idea of where to look if I ever needed to find it.
To me, nobody's gaping vaginal opening will win any beauty awards on close inspection, so I'll just report that Bette's was right where it ought to be--and looking extremely inviting despite its lack of heart-fluttering good looks.
I was entranced, overall. I stared appreciatively. With Bette's top still on and her legs spread wide, she looked especially wanton and unbelievably sexy. And as beautiful as ever.
"Take my picture?" she asked. "My phone's in my shoulder bag."
I retrieved the phone and framed a picture, trying to fill the frame mostly with her body, not so much with my office furnishings. All the time I was moving the camera around and playing with the telephoto zoom, Bette was looking towards my eyes. Her lips, clenched tight at first, slowly formed a smile. I gave up all hope of hiding my erection.
I finally took the picture, and we reviewed it. It looked just fine. As porn photos go, it was very well-composed. And the exposure was very good: the dark areas had detail, and the bright areas were not washed out. The time and date stamps were in place and were not blocking the view of Bette's body,
"We've satisfied the requirement," Bette announced, "apart from the short note from you. Now would you like to see me naked too?"
"I would indeed."
She got out of the chair and stood, facing me. She bit her lower lip, hesitated for a split second, then quietly muttered, "Oh, what the hell." Then, with both hands, she pulled the sweater over her head and tossed it onto my desk.
Her off-white bra looked like a C-cup. I'm not fussy about the size of women's breasts, actually. What delights me is not sheer size but a beautiful shape and just-right firmness. My wife Ann's breasts are smaller than average but the most beautiful I've seen and felt.
Bette reached back, unhooked her bra, then tossed it onto my desk too. Her breasts were a little larger than average and possibly thesecond-most-beautiful I've seen. They were sort of tubular in shape--my favorite style. They looked nicely firm but not over-firm. As predicted, the areolas and nipples were pink. Gingerly, I reached out a hand and touched one.
"Go ahead," she said.
The weight, density, and firmness of her breasts were close to perfect. I caressed them gently. My finger drew a circle on her pink areolas, and the nipples stiffened.
"Bette, you are gorgeous," I said.
You'd think that by now she would be beyond blushing, but she blushed yet again. Then she sat again in my chair. Her bottom moved forwards. Her legs went over the armrests again as she leaned back.
"Would you like another photo for your records?" she asked. "You can use your own camera if you like."
No sane man would turn down an offer like that. Nor would I. That took less than a minute.
I put my phone down. Bette stayed in the chair, legs spread, and wiggled her bottom forwards still further. Her labia were now a centimeter or two in front of the seat. She looked me boldly in the eye, very subtly licked her lips, and raised her eyebrows. I perceived that an invitation had been issued. Cunnilingus to start, followed by copulation. I would love either or, especially, both.
I put my hand on the side of her head and looked into her blue eyes. "Bette, we need to do some long, clear thinking before we go any further. Much as I would love to. Believe me, I would love to."
She sighed audibly, but her face looked a little bit relieved as well as annoyed. "I know, Stephen," she said. "I'm not only a student, I'myourstudent, and we will be in a student-teacher relationship for months to come. Besides that, I suppose if anyone finds out, they will try to crucify you, no matter how loudly I say, 'There's no problem here, folks!'"
She sat up and closed her legs. Little tufts of gold peeked up from her pubic mound. She looked absolutely lovely. She took a deep breath and managed a smile.
"Thank you for this afternoon, Stephen. You were wonderful. Doing this was a big stretch for me, and you helped more than you realize." Bette rose and picked up the clothes on my office floor. She pulled up her panties gracefully, then put on her Peds and trousers. Now she was half-naked in the opposite way from before. This way was beautiful and very sexy too. There's nothing like trousers to make naked breasts look even more naked. She retrieved her bra from my desk and put it on, then her sweater.
"Next time you see me," she said, you'll see a little red jewel at the top of my pin. I hope it brings back pleasant memories. It will for me, wheneverIsee it."
"For me too, Bette."
She put on her jacket, leaving it unzipped, then picked up her phone, notebook, and shoulder bag.
"Oh, the note from you," she remembered.
I took a sheet of letterhead from a drawer, uncapped a pen, and wrote pretty much what Bette had dictated earlier. "From 4:00 to 5:00 PM today, Ms Bette Schneider and I met in conference to discuss the poetry of Jonathan Swift." I signed and dated the note. Bette folded it once and slipped it into her bag.
"Would you like a copy of the first picture of me?" she asked. She smiled. "For your records?"
"Yes, please," I said. "Not to my university email, please. Here's my personal account." I wrote my Gmail address on a pink "While you were out" slip and handed it to her. "Would you like a copy of the other photo?"
"No, that's okay," she replied. "The sweater-plus-bottomless one has got to be twice as sexy as the full-nude. I'm tempted to show my boyfriend, but I think Lodestone doesn't want me to show anyone but them. I guess it's best to keep the boyfriend out of the loop in any case."
"Yes, indeed."
"If he comes over tonight, he's in for one hell of a treat, though; I can tell you that."
She came over to me, faced me, and gave me a tender kiss. Her hand brushed against my half-erect penis. I returned the kiss but kept my hands to myself. "I guess your wife may be in for a treat tonight too, huh?" she said.
"Probably Ann and I both are. While it's happening, I promise to let my thoughts stray from time to time."
She gave me a warm smile. "Likewise, Professor Lancome. See you in a couple weeks."
************
Three weeks passed before Bette and I could meet again. We got together again on another late Friday afternoon, in my office. I noticed right off that her Lodestone pin now bore three red jewels. That would give us something to chat about when we tired of discussing poetry and Bette's own research. But first we had to go over Swift's late poems and maybe get started on Pope.
We never did get to Pope. By the time we finished our long, close analysis of Swift's "Verses on the Death of Dr. Swift" we were both ready to call it quits.
"Feel like telling me about Boldness tasks 2 and 3?" I invited.
"Sure," she replied, "if you don't blush easily."
"The last time we were together, I believe if was you who did most of the blushing," I teased.
"Probably never again--not after task 3," she teased back.
"Okay, you win."
Bette smiled and began. "Let's take these in order. I was pleased to find that task 2 did not involve anything sexual. Try not to look so disappointed! The task was to secure and participate in a private, one-on-one meeting with an eminent or powerful person. I chose Geoffrey Bannock. We had a delightful talk about Swift's poems--'The Lady's Dressing Room' particularly."
I was impressed. Bannock is one of the great scholars and critics of English literature. I had read one of his books and a half dozen of his articles in graduate school. He holds endowed chairs at both Cambridge University and University College, London. This semester he is Distinguished Visiting Professor at Yale.
Bette continued. "Getting him to meet with me was no easy task, believe me. I like to think I won him over with my intelligence and persistence, not my perky breasts. Though Lodestone teaches that you use every tool in your toolbox. Which is not to say that it's okay to use a chisel when you really need a flat-bladed screwdriver. In any case, Geoffrey Bannock and I finally did get together, in his office at Yale, and he was gracious and charming.
"He thought that the oddness of 'The Lady's Dressing Room' goes back to Swift's sudden discovery that he could not marry the love of his life, Stella--apparently because they were actually very closely related, courtesy of Swift's benefactor and possibly actual father, Sir William Temple. Apparently Sir William was as generous with his sperm as he was with his money. What a shock: discovering that the woman you love is, you might say, poisoned deep down underneath the beautiful surface. Genetically poisoned, at least for Swift as a suitor. It's sort of analogous to syphilis and also to Original Sin. And to the shit in our bowels.
"The fashionable fop in the poem is devastated when he finds evidence that, deep inside the girl he has a crush on, there is foul corruption--in this case, shit. That's a very earthy, concrete analogue of Swift's sudden discovery of Stella's genetic 'corruption.' And of course, coming up with earthy, concrete analogues of abstract things is exactly what Swift does best. Look atGulliver's Travels!"
Bannock's knowledge was immense, and his interpretation of the poem was sound--though not especially original. Other scholars had made the same connections. But Bette was so taken with Bannock's conversation, I decided to say nothing.
"Anyway, we had a fascinating talk, and I even got to keep my clothes on this time. Although fucking Geoffrey Bannock would be something fun to tell your children about, when they start thinking you're just an old fuddy-duddy."
"You Europeans!" I teased. "You're always pretending that sex is natural and normal and fun. Very un-American of you. Speaking of, were you allowed to keep your clothes on for task 3 also?"
"No."
"And...?"
"And so I didn't.... Okay, don't look at me like that: I'll tell you. My task 3 was to find a way of being naked in a public place for at least 20 minutes and seen by numerous people including numerous men. So I couldn't just take a long shower in the ladies' locker room. Apparently Icouldcomplete the task by just visiting a nudist colony, but how "bold" is that? Not very.
"My boyfriend--probably now myex-boyfriend--is studying Theater and Drama, and he spends a lot of time at the Studio Theater. It's over in Fuller Hall? It's a small theater, very plain stage, few props. They put on mostly experimental andavant-gardeworks there."
"Yes, I've been there," I said.
"Okay, good. So they often do improv theater there. My... whatever he is... pulled a few strings and managed to get me on the program one night when they were doing a bunch of short, mostly improv works. Now, I know nothing about acting and still less about experimental theater, so I thought I'd do a nude poetry reading. Trust me, that makes at least as much sense as most of the pieces they perform. They had a big crowd that evening, too, for them. At least 75 people in the audience, maybe 100.
"I snuck one of my own poems in, but the rest were real published poems by real poets. There was no rehearsal; I just came and did it. So there's just a little table on stage and a black background, and they gave me and a tiny little wireless mic on a necklace. I told the lighting guy not to do anything fancy or dramatic. Don't bathe my body in dark shadows, nochiaroscuro,no special effects. Don't put a spotlight in my eyes: I've got to read the words on the page. If you absolutelyhaveto do something fancy, see if you can give my pubic hair a nice golden sparkle. I was just being ironic. Son of a gun, people told me he really did! I guess I underestimated him.
"Anyway, I start off fully dressed, reading Sylvia Plath's 'Daddy.' Young women love that one. The poet's got lots of anger, lots of daddy-issues. And I'm hamming it up a little--lots of scorn, sarcasm, not much nuance. And I'm taking my clothes off as I'm going on. I started out thinking this is a hilarious parody of a poetry reading, but pretty soon I start feeling that the stripping is actually complementing this poem beautifully. She's angry at and sneering at Daddy, and she's stripping in front of him, taunting him with her body as she's taunting him with her words. All the Oedipal stuff in the poem really comes to life, and I'm really getting into it! You'd love to fuck me, Daddy, wouldn't you, you pervert!
"Pulling down my panties in public is still a little stressful, but it was easier this time than it was in your office. And right afterwards I felt great. And for the first time, I'm actually starting to like that poem. And the audience is getting into it, and some of them are egging me on! It was a wonderful experience for me--I loved it. What a high!
"I stayed naked for the rest of the reading. The audience was having fun, I was having fun.... After about five minutes I was just feeling very, very comfortable being naked on a stage with maybe 200 eyeballs staring at me. My breasts swaying as I moved, my pubic hair sparkling--what there is of it. My nipples were getting erect just out of the sheer pleasure of what I was doing.
"Well, I read a few other poems, and I ended with Robert Lowell's 'To Speak of Woe That Is Marriage.' That one is perfect in the nude! So you've got a soliloquy by the long-suffering wife of this genius poet who's a schizophrenic and a heavy drinker and a lecher with erectile dysfunction. In fact, it finally dawned on me that the wife herself is probably naked for this soliloquy. At least below the waist. She's submitting to an unsuccessful 5 AM attempt at sex by her husband. 'Gored by the climacteric of his want, / He stalls above me like an elephant.' The only problem is, she's horizontal and I'm vertical. Next time I do that poem naked, I'm going to be in the missionary position with my head pointed away from the audience... if you can picture that."
"I can picture it remarkably well," I replied. "It's only been three weeks."
"It seems like so long ago!" She looked me in the eyes. "Too long.... Anyway, the audience loved the show. I think it got the most applause of anything that night. And Studio Theater makes a video recording of each work they perform. I would love to show that to you, Stephen. You've already seen me with my clothes off anyway, as I recall."
Her face darkened. "Unfortunately, there's a problem. My reading constituted one hell of a massive copyright violation. Theatre management is doing its best to pretend the reading never happened; my probably-ex boyfriend seemed like a convenient person to blame thedebacleon, so they did; and they ordered the video recording to be erased. Of course, the existence of a bootleg copy or two would surprise no one, so there's still hope I can share this with you. I can show you at least the photo of me on-stage that's on my phone. I should have invited you to the performance, Stephen. I'm truly sorry I didn't. I do apologize."
"Now you owe methreefavors," I teased. "Four, if we ever have sex with each other--if I recall my reasoning of three weeks ago."
"Doyou want to have sex with me, Stephen? I do think I am between boyfriends at the moment."
"The answer is still yes, Bette. But maybe 'Do you want to?' isn't the only question."
"You are so predictable!" she complained, half-seriously. "Sometime, surprise me by saying something unexpected."
"What do you tell your friends about Lodestone?" I asked. "They must be curious about that pin you're always wearing, with its increasing number of jewels. Do they know the whole story?"
"Okay, that query was unexpected at this particular moment. I'll let you win that one.... To answer your question: Two close female friends of mine know everything including who my accomplice was for task 1. My ex knows everything except who my accomplice was.
"I made up a clever lie to tell casual friends and classmates if they ask. I tell them I have a whole box of the pins. I say they're trinkets inherited from my dear, departed grandmother. I tell them she worked at Pratt & Whitney during World War Two. Whatever that three-bladed thing is supposed to be, it does look enough like a propeller to pass for one, stylized maybe. Anyway, I say the pins are just cheap length-of-service pins, promotional pins, trinkets like that. Pratt & Whitney gave them away by the hundreds. I tell them the pins' manufacturer used ordinary glue, so it's the rare pin that still has all four jewels eighty years later. The pins just have a certain sentimental value to me.
"So far, everyone has believed that cock-and-bull story. So far, it hasn't occurred to anyone that if Grandma had been making aircraft engines during the war, it would have been for BMW, not Pratt & Whitney."
Bette kissed my cheek. "I have to run, Stephen. Thank you for another excellent conference. I'd like to ask your help once more, for task 4. That will be the end of Boldness--at least with a capital B. I would turn to someone else for this help, but you really are the best qualified. I'll send you an email with details--to your Gmail address. Is there any chance you could give me a 'yes' right now?"
I knew a dumb, stupid, dangerous move when I saw one.
"Yes," I said.
Bette kissed my lips briefly and then smiled. "You won't regret this, Stephen. That's a promise." She picked up her things and left.
*************
The email with attached photograph was in my inbox when I returned home. The email proper was blank. The attached photo was a close-up of a document on Lodestone stationery. Just the organization's name was printed on the letterhead: no address, phone number, email, or Web URL.
The document read,
BETTINA SCHNEIDER
Level 1: Boldness
Task 4: Violate 2 of the 10 Commandments. Simultaneously preferred. Refer to either Exodus 20 or Deuteronomy 5. Do not kill a human being.
Underneath was a note in Bette's handwriting. Its first paragraph was preceded by a check-mark. It read,
Exodus 20:17b (mutatis mutandis): Thou shall not covet thy neighbor's husband... Violation ongoing.
The Latin meant, "with the necessary changes." Swift had used the phrase in several works.
Bette's second paragraph read only,Exodus 20:14. I was pretty sure that one wasn't "Honor thy father and thy mother." A trained scholar, I looked it up instead of guessing. No surprises at what the verse said.
Well, at least it was a Commandment I myself was used to breaking--first with the help of Beth and then, on occasion, with Dev. In fact, that's pretty much how I spent last summer and fall. One more act of adultery on my record wouldn't make much difference.
As long as I was doing research, I looked up Lodestone on Wikipedia. There were plenty of things by that name in the world: ships, comic book characters, a snail, a theater ensemble, and of course the mineral. Wikipedia didn't have an entry on the secret sorority, though.
I emailed Bette a short note: "No need to go to the trouble mentioned inExodus 20:14. On Sunday you could just forget the sabbath and fail to keep it holy(Exodus 20:8).
She replied two minutes later. "How bold wouldthatbe? I could have gone to a nudist colony for task 3, too. Lunch at my place tomorrow? Noon-ish?" She added the address of her apartment.
Apparently she had had an afterthought. "Or come on Sunday, and maybe I can get credit for 3 different violations?"
We settled on tomorrow, Saturday.
Her final email advised, "Please wear your wedding ring. I'll need it for the photo."
************
After hours of discussion last fall, Ann and I had come up with a set of general principles and specific rules for our marriage. We granted each other a great deal more personal freedom and autonomy than spouses typically are given. Almost nothing was strictly prohibited except lying, deception, evasiveness, and sex with other people without a condom. That system might not work for a lot of couples, but it was working just fine for us. It had already come through a few stress tests with flying colors. The names of those stress tests were Beth, Justin, and Dev. My wife and I loved each other deeply and considered ourselves happily married.
Even so, Ann rolled her eyes when I told her that tomorrow I was having lunch with a student in her apartment. Likely more than just lunch.
Ann closed her book and set it down. "Please tell me at least she's a graduate student."
"She's a graduate student," I replied. "She's an adult, 25. A college graduate."
"And she's doing research for a graduate course that involves having sex with her professors?"
"Close," I said. It's a personal-growth project for a women's organization she joined called Lodestone. Ever heard of it? It's new to me too. Apparently it's sort of a cross between Eastern Star, Outward Bound, and Skull and Bones. They assigned her four tasks on the theme of boldness. She's completed three."
"And the fourth is sleeping with her professors? What's so bold about that? Don't female graduate students do that all the time?"
"Not like they used to back in the good old days," I said. "I mean back in less enlightened times. Actually the fourth task is to violate two of the Ten Commandments. Yes, I know there are easier ones to violate than adultery. And no, she's not allowed to kill anybody."
"Is this that Italian girl with the long hair and the big boobs?"
"No, it's the really smart German girl with the blonde hair. Bette Schneider. We're doing an independent study project together this semester."
Ann had that "Here we go again" look in her eyes. She had one more question: "And have you andFraeuleinSchneider already had sex? No, let me rephrase that. Have the two of you had any sexual contact?"
I had to think that one over. After several seconds I replied, "In all honesty, I would say no.... Would you say fondling her breasts counts as sexual contact?"
Ann rolled her eyes again and went back to her book.
************
Bette's chickencacciatorewas good, and the dry red Valpolicella she chose went well with it. We talked easily, of many things, over the meal. Bette was particularly eager to talk of how much she had changed from Lodestone after only a month. About how much more self-confident she now felt, how much less inhibited, how... well, "bold" really wasn't a bad summary, was it?, she said.
I thought she had been less inhibited than 90% of American women long before she started the program, but I did agree she was even less inhibited now. She certainly had committed wholeheartedly to Lodestone. Even at home, she was wearing the pin on her blouse.
"I still can't believe I undressed in front of 90 or 100 strangers and loved every minute of it," she said. "That's pretty advanced, even by German standards. Even by Berlin standards! Would you like me to strip and read 'Daddy' to you?"
"Thank you, no," I said. "I'll wait for the video to surface. 'Daddy' really demands sparkling pubic hair."
"Strip and do 'The Lady's Dressing Room'?"
"It's too soon after lunch for that one."
"How about if I just strip?" she offered.
"I think that would be best."
She took my hand and led me into the bedroom.
Her bedroom was small and tidy. The bed was what used to be called a "double." It could hold two sleepers who didn't mind staying cozy, and of course it was fine for fucking.
Bette faced me, smiled, and began unbuttoning her blouse. I was struck by how graceful and natural her movements were. She wasn't performing an erotic strip-tease, nor was she showing any hint of shame. She was merely taking her clothes off, entirely without self-consciousness, just as though she were alone and preparing to step into the shower. I was charmed.
She tossed the blouse onto a chair by the bed. She removed her bra, then trousers, then panties, as gracefully as she had her blouse, tossing each onto the chair in turn. The socks came off less gracefully, then they joined the rest of her clothes. She came to me, naked, and kissed me tenderly. I ran my hands over her beautiful body as we kissed. Then she stood back a few inches. Together, we removed all of my clothes. She tossed them onto the chair on top of hers.
"Not one blush so far, Bette," I said. "I'm impressed."
She gave me a smile. Then she knelt, took my penis into her mouth, and sucked on me for a couple of minutes. It felt lovely. In sheer technical skill as afellatrice, Bette was not up to Ann's level, let alone Beth's. I cared not in the least. Bette was new and exciting and young and beautiful and different. She was trying to give me pleasure, and she was doing a good job. And she was only 25. Give her another ten years' practice, and she'll be superb.
She stood, kissed my lips, then went to her dresser. From a drawer she retrieved her diaphragm case and a tube of contraceptive jelly. She prepared and inserted the diaphragm in front of me.
Bold.
She returned the tube and empty case to the drawer and retrieved a box of condoms.
"Would you mind terribly, Stephen? It would help me relax a lot."
"No problem at all, Bette," I replied. "In fact, there's a rule in my household that condoms are always used if there's physical intimacy with someone else. I brought some myself."
She gave me a wide-eyed stare. "Are you saying that this is permitted?"
"The short answer is yes," I said. "Don't worry: I'm sure this is still adultery."
"So now I owe Ann areallybig favor, and I still owe you four?"
"I'm sure we'll think of some way you can pay us back."
"Get into that bed," she commanded. "Now."
************
An hour later we were in each other's arms, still floating in post-coital contentment. It had been ten years since I had last made love to a 25-year-old. That was Ann. At 39, I was the oldest lover Bette had ever had. She was particularly pleased to discover the difference an additional 14 years of practice can make when it comes to cunnilingus. That is, compared with her ex-boyfriend. Or possibly boyfriend. Nobody was quite clear on his current status. Or much cared.
The photograph for Lodestone came out fine. She had put the phone on an adjustable stand and had used the delayed shutter. The photo showed our heads and upper torsos. We were in bed and naked. Bette was on her back; I was on top of her, face turned away from the camera. Her face had a look of sexual satisfaction. My left hand was touching her face. She was sucking on my middle finger. My wedding ring sparkled on the adjacent finger. It struck me as one of the most erotic photos I have seen.
Bette had to use the toilet. She told me she would be a few minutes. "Don't you dare go away," she said. Then, teasing, "And we are not going to play 'Lady's Dressing Room' afterwards. Anything my body no longer needs will be immediately removed from the premises." I smiled. Naked, she exited the bedroom.
While she was gone, I started thinking of this secretive Lodestone sorority. Whatever their program is, exactly, it certainly seemed effective.
I decided to examine her pin more closely. I reached across to the chair with our clothes. From the bottom of the pile I extracted Bette's blouse.
I looked closely at the front of the Lodestone pin. I decided that the design that looked like a three-bladed airplane propeller actually was a three-bladed airplane propeller.
Then I examined the back. Words were etched above and below the horizontal fastener. The letters were worn but legible when the light caught them right. The pin read,
3 Years ServicePratt & Whitney AircraftEast Hartford, Conn.DEPENDABLE ENGINES
The toilet flushed. I tossed the blouse onto the clothes pile. Water ran in the bathroom sink.
Bette reappeared a minute later. Her eye immediately registered that her blouse was now at the top of the pile.
"Busted, huh?" she said.
"Climb into bed, you German minx!"
She threw herself into my arms.
Apart from grunts and such, neither of us said a word for the next half hour. At last--drained, totally at peace, floating again in her arms--I broke the silence.
"Lodestone doesn't actually exist, right?"
"Not the sorority, I guess," she replied. "Thereisa theater company. And of course the mineral--properly known as magnetite."
"That alleged meeting with Geoffrey Bannock? Did that actually happen?"
"Yes," she said.
"How about the nude poetry reading?"
"Yes."
"You went to a lot of trouble," I said.
She gave me a smile and a kiss.
"It was worth it."