Session 1
It was a bright May morning in West London. Shifting beams of light shone through the leaves of the giant oak tree adjacent to the staff car park projecting a kaleidoscopic pattern onto the dash of Alex's car. He shifted into reverse and then backed into his usual space on autopilot, his mind was on other things. More than eight months had passed between his first day as a qualified teacher and today. Throughout the intervening period the unsettling prospect of this week's events had lingered in the background—a nagging source of anxiety.
As he walked towards the school entrance he remembered back to the lecture at college:
"Education board rules state that the youngest male and youngest female members of staff are contractually obligated to teach the P. S. E. course to all students who have reached 18 years of age, in their final year of school."
Arriving at the Maths department breakroom Alex was relieved to find it empty. He settled into his favourite armchair and reached into his bag to extract the P. S. E. guidelines booklet. Turning to page three he began to read through the course summary for the umpteenth time:
The Practical Sex Education course consists of five sessions:
Session 1 -- Sexual Anatomy (separate male and female student groups)
Session 2 -- Masturbation and Orgasm (separate male and female student groups)
Session 3 -- Foreplay and Oral Sex (all students)
Session 4 -- Sexual Intercourse (all students)
Session 5 -- Q&As (all stu...
"Hey Alex," he looked up to see Phil standing in the doorway. Phil was Head of the Maths department, he was mentoring Alex though his first year teaching and the pair had become good friends.
"Hey," replied Alex, forcing a half-hearted smile.
"Cheer up!" said Phil, "I know that you've not been looking forward to this week but at least your partner is Sarah, I wasn't nearly that lucky."
It had taken Alex several weeks after starting at the school to find out who the youngest female member of staff was. Eventually Phil had provided the answer—Sarah Reilly.
Nine months later Alex's knowledge of Sarah was still pretty limited. Her Art department was at the opposite end of the sprawling school campus to his Maths department, as a result their only significant contact came at the weekly general staff meeting. However, he had discovered two pieces of information—she was twenty-four years old and in her second year of teaching. Occasionally on his journey into school he'd seen her jogging to work and couldn't help but admire her figure as he drove past. She stood a head shorter than Alex and usually gathered her shoulder-length auburn hair into a youthful ponytail. Her physique, well-toned by regular exercise, was further enhanced by a generous chest, feminine hips and an undeniably cute butt.
Perhaps Alex wouldn't be so stressed if he'd had the courage to actually talk about P. S. E. with Sarah. Instead, he'd resorted to the far less productive coping method called denial—pushing the whole subject to the back of his mind in a futile attempt to pretend it didn't exist... now it was too late.
At least he wouldn't have to teach any of his regular classes this week.
"Don't forget to leave your lesson plans out for Lisa," said Phil disappearing back around the corner.
Glancing at his watch Alex could see that he had just under an hour before the start of the first session, he felt the knot in his stomach tighten. At least he didn't have to go first—Session 1 was split into two parts, his job in the first part was to be the presenter while Sarah was the model, then after a short break their roles would be reversed.
Alex couldn't imagine how Sarah must feel about all of this. In their few brief encounters she'd come across as a quiet and reserved girl and he found it hard to believe that she'd be particularly thrilled at the prospect of intimately exposing herself to hundreds of teenagers.
Ten minutes later, Alex arrived at the entrance to the main school theatre. Peering through the doorway he could see that all of the window shades had been pulled down. He also saw roughly one hundred seats set up facing the stage (a platform elevated three feet off the ground with an inch-thick rubber foam mat covering its surface). Also on the stage there stood a video camera on a tripod, the camera was connected to a projector which cast a live image of the platform onto the twelve-foot screen hanging above.
Situated directly across the hallway from the theatre entrance was the door to the men's locker room. There was a notice attached:
8:00 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. No entrance allowed except by P. S. E. members of staff.
Alex opened the door and turned towards his usual locker.
He was just beginning to undress when he heard a noise coming from the shower room. Moving towards the noise Alex noticed a towel hanging over the door of the first shower stall, the sound of splashing water confirmed a presence inside.
"This locker room is off limits for the rest of the week," said Alex as he knocked gently on the stall door.
Abruptly the water stopped, then the door swung open. Inside the stall stood Sarah, naked from head to toe, her pale skin glistening wet and a mischievous smile on her face. A second or two passed with Alex staring in shock before eventually modesty reflexes kicked in. He spun away, turning his back to her.
"Sarah, I'm so sorry! I had no idea we'd be changing in the same room."
"Don't be silly," Sarah said, a hint of playful condescension in her voice.
"By the end of this week there won't be anything left to hide between us anyway, so what would be the point in us having separate locker rooms? Besides, taking one locker room out of action all morning will cause enough disruption without losing the other one too."
"Of course," said Alex embarrassed by his naivety. Turning back towards Sarah he was finally able to fully enjoy the superlative vision of her naked body. Firm breasts, slightly larger than would be expected on her petite frame nevertheless fit perfectly. Flat abs led to a small strip of styled hair just above her otherwise hairless pussy, and toned legs curved towards a truly flawless ass.
"Shouldn't you be getting ready too?"
"Oh, sure," said Alex snapping out of his trance to meet her eyes. There was that smile again.
Back at his locker Alex couldn't help smiling too, this might not be so bad after all.
Twenty minutes later that optimism had dimmed considerably. Alex stood next to Sarah on the stage at the front of the theatre watching as ninety-seven teenage boys filed in. Both he and Sarah now wore bath robes and nothing else. As he glanced at her she smiled at him again but this time there was a hint of something else in her eyes, whether it was nerves or excitement he couldn't tell.
Eventually all of the students were seated and the doors closed. Alex and Sarah were the only members of staff in the room but Alex knew that the students could be trusted to behave responsibly. It was a requirement that every student sign up to special rules in order to participate in P. S. E. and those rules included serious consequences for any kind of misbehaviour during the course. Historically, problems were very rare.
"Good morning," Alex began.
"You are here today for Session 1 of the Practical Sex Education course; the subject today is Female Sexual Anatomy. If you have any questions, please make a note in your pad and we'll try to address them in the Q & A session on Friday."
"Whenever you're ready," said Alex softly, turning to Sarah.
Without hesitation Sarah deftly unfastened her bathrobe, allowing it to slide off of her shoulders and fall to the stage where it gathered at her feet. A ripple of excitement spread around the room. Alex understood why, he would have given almost anything at that age to see a girl naked, especially one this attractive. He took a second to enjoy the view himself while Sarah slowly rotated through a complete circle allowing the captivated audience to view her from every angle. She wore a rather more serious expression than the one she'd displayed earlier but Alex could see through the thin veneer of professionalism—she was definitely enjoying having all of those eyes trained on her exposed body. Standing there watching her, Alex felt his manhood stir. Reminding himself that he had a job to do he turned his attention back to the students to begin the presentation.
From there, he went on to explain everything about female sexual anatomy. Throughout the talk Sarah took up appropriate poses enabling the students to get a view of exactly what Alex was talking about first hand and on the projector screen above.
As he approached the end of the session Alex moved on to the topic of female sexual arousal. Looking down at Sarah he could see that she was more than ready for this part of the presentation. She sat by his feet on the rubber surface of the stage, her skin was flushed and covered by a slight sheen of perspiration, her ponytail hung freely behind her as she leaned back on her hands. Allowing his eyes to trace the lines of her body Alex observed the rhythmic motion of her chest, the round shape of her breasts and nipples hardened to a point. To say she was on display was an understatement, her legs were spread obscenely wide and her pussy was red hot and glistening wet. Shifting his attention to Sarah's face Alex was confronted by her vivid green eyes staring back at him. The playfulness from earlier was gone and in its place was a raw sexuality that took his breath away.
Reluctantly turning back towards the audience, Alex continued the presentation.
"When a woman becomes sexually aroused several physiological changes occur. As you can see from Ms. Reid, one of the most obvious changes is that the nipples become erect, another is the vagina becoming lubricated..."
"Why don't you grab the camera so that they can have a closer look?"
Sarah's interruption caught Alex off guard, and it took a couple of seconds for him to understand exactly what she was asking for—apparently the current setup wasn't explicit enough.
He walked over to the camera and detached it from the tripod, luckily there was plenty of spare cable allowing for movement across the whole stage. Turning back towards Sarah, Alex adjusted the camera strap securing it firmly to his hand. He approached her slowly concentrating on the projection to ensure that she was properly framed, her image—magnified as it was on the giant screen—was simply magnificent. He moved the camera closer to her chest. On the screen a nipple loomed large and appeared to grow even harder in front of his eyes.
"As I was saying, one of the physiological changes caused by female sexual arousal is erect nipples."
Moving the camera slowly down Sarah's body Alex paused at the top of her pussy. At this point the camera was only three inches away from her most private place, her red, engorged clit emerging from its hood filled almost the whole screen. I glanced at her face to reassure myself that she was still comfortable and saw that her head was tilted backwards, she was staring at herself on the screen.
"Another change can be that the clitoris becomes engorged and begins to protrude further from the body."
Alex moved the camera down even further until the image on the screen encompassed Sarah's entire crotch from her clit at the top to her anus at the bottom.
"The labia minora can also become engorged and protrude more from the body than usual. Additionally, the vagina can lubricate itself in preparation for intercourse."
From his position the smell of Sarah's arousal was overwhelming and as he watched her vagina twitched ever so slightly causing a drop of the aforementioned lubrication to run down between her cheeks and onto the mat. It took all the willpower he could muster not to lean his mouth in just a few inches and steal a taste.
Pulling back and clearing his throat, Alex decided it was time to wrap up the session.
"That's all for today. Please remember to complete your revision quizzes this evening."
Sarah (reluctantly it appeared to me) stood up on the platform and then picked up her robe and put it back on. The disappointment apparent on the faces of most of the boys was entirely understandable.
"Now, starting with Paul," said Alex pointing to a boy in the back row, "I want you to stand up and leave quietly in single file. Your regular teachers are expecting you back within five minutes. Also I don't want any noise in the hallways as classes are still in progress across the rest of the school."
As the boys began to leave Alex noticed the awkward way that some of them were walking. Smiling to himself he sympathized with their plight. At that age it would probably take hours to calm down especially with the erotic images so fresh in their minds, he was still having some trouble in that department himself.
After the last student left the hall Sarah turned towards Alex, "I'm going back to the locker room for five minutes to freshen up."
Alex wasn't 100% sure what 'freshen up' was code for but given her state at the end of the presentation, he had a solid theory.
Stepping down from the stage she continued, "I can see that you enjoyed the show."
Looking down Alex realized how obvious his erection was under the bath robe.
"Turnabout is fair play though and you're up next."
For a split second Alex considered following her back to the locker room but instead her comment turned his thoughts to the second part of the session instead. Whilst being naked in front of nearly one hundred teenagers hadn't seemed to bother Sarah, Alex wasn't feeling nearly so confident. Regardless, he was going to have to get used to the idea, and fast. If he couldn't deal with today, how could he expect to get through the rest of the week?
After an indeterminate period of time lost in thought Alex suddenly realised that he was still holding the camera. As he began to reattach it to the tripod he was surprised to see Sarah emerging from the locker room. Checking the clock, he saw that ten minutes had passed in a flash. The students for part two would be arriving at any moment. As Sarah approached, her flushed face and contented smile left Alex in no doubt as to her activities during the break.
Before he could produce a smart comment the first group of female students began to arrive. As they were seated the reality of what Alex was about to do hit home, not only would he be naked in front of ninety-four teenage girls he would also be revealing himself to Sarah, who in spite of the morning's events was still a virtual stranger. At that thought, the last of his erection faded away.
Preoccupied with his concerns, Alex barely noticed as the last girl entered, closed the doors and sat down prompting Sarah to begin. After a few seconds she turned to Alex.
"Whenever you're ready." she said, playfully repeating his line from earlier.
Reluctantly Alex unfastened his bathrobe and let it fall to the platform floor. Murmurs of excitement swept across the room similar to (if slightly more restrained than) those heard earlier. He then began to turn allowing the audience and camera to view him from every angle. As his rotation faced him towards Sarah, Alex noticed that her eyes were most definitely not on his face.
Alex had always been fairly proud of his body. He began exercising regularly at the age of sixteen, swimming for cardio and using free weights to improve his strength and muscle tone. He'd been lucky in the genetics department too. At 6'1" he had the natural build of a swimmer, including a tight ass and a cock larger than any he'd ever seen outside of porn.
Completing his turn Alex began to relax slightly, the reveal was over, now he just had to strike the appropriate poses for the next hour while Sarah conducted the presentation. Sarah—for her part—didn't seem to be in any rush to start at all, her gaze was still fixed firmly below his waistline. When she finally did look up Alex had the distinct impression of a cat ready to pounce on its prey, a moment ticked by before her professionalism reasserted itself. She turned to the audience and began to talk.
While the session progressed Alex had time to scan the students to try and gauge their states of mind. As expected the responses were wide and varied. The largest group were those who portrayed simple curiosity. They looked on with interest and a few were even making notes in their pads as if this was any other class. The next largest group were those girls who were either embarrassed or excited by proceedings, it wasn't always easy to tell the difference. For instance, one particular girl who Alex knew well from regular classes--Katie--was very difficult to read. She had turned a bright shade of red as soon as he had dropped his robe. Initially he'd put her reaction down to embarrassment. Later though from the way that she was staring at him and squirming in her chair it became obvious that she was more excited than embarrassed. The final group consisting of half a dozen girls at most were those that showed almost complete indifference. These girls tended to be the ones who displayed the same apathy in the rest of their classes too. Identifying a couple of them, Alex realized that he wasn't at all surprised by their behaviour.
Shifting his concentration back to Sarah, Alex recognized that she had reached the part of the lecture describing male arousal. She was looking expectantly at him as she talked and he suddenly remembered that he was supposed to have an erection during this part. Usually that wouldn't have been a problem at all, if anything he often got erections too easily. Unfortunately, the pressure of having to perform in front of such a large audience was making it embarrassingly difficult to comply. Alex motioned for Sarah to continue with the lecture in the hope that she would just carry on and ignore his problem. Instead she did the exact opposite.
"Pay special attention now. Mr. Reid and I are going to teach you one of the more important things that you can learn about men and erections," she said to the audience. "Sometimes a man may have difficulty getting an erection. This difficulty is usually psychological and often doesn't have any connection to how attractive he finds you. In Mister Reid's case today I'm sure that the problem is just nerves in front of so many people."
Turning towards Alex and kneeling down on the platform she continued to speak.
"If this happens to a man in your company, there are several things that you can do to try and help him. We will go into greater detail concerning those methods during Wednesday's lecture on foreplay and oral sex, but for today I'm just going to quickly help Mr Reid so that we can continue this session."
Suddenly Alex realised the implication of her words. Looking down at Sarah he saw the same hungry look in her eyes from earlier. She reached out, took his cock in her hand, and began to firmly stroke it back and forth. There was a perceptible gasp from the audience and Alex could feel the sexual tension in the room rise several notches. Sarah's hand felt soft and smooth on Alex's cock and started to have the desired effect almost immediately. Once he'd reached about half-mast Sarah stopped stroking him and instead leaned forward to take him into her mouth. Never once breaking eye contact she stared up at him intensely as the end of his cock slipped past her lips and into the wet warmth of her mouth. Groaning in ecstasy Alex felt Sarah's tongue sliding in circles around the head as she pumped him slowly in and out. After a couple of minutes of this Alex was rock hard and well on his way to orgasm but unfortunately that wasn't part of today's script. Leaning back again, the head of Alex's cock left Sarah's mouth for the final time with an audible pop. She smiled at him sweetly then stood up and turned back to the enthralled audience to complete the lecture.
The rest of the session passed in a daze as Alex's over stimulated brain tried in vain to organise his thoughts. The only thing that he knew for sure was that the rest of the week was going to be very, very interesting.