"Okay here I am sitting in the backseat of a beater with a heater, on the way to the Circle Centre Mall. After I deviated from my path earlier I've sat here withdrawn. I know that you guys out there reading my stories must be pulling your hair out at my indecision. I have a bad time telling guys no when I really should be saying yes. Just look at the last two hours I spent in an adult bookstore, teasing harder than ever, until I got tied up and fucked by ten totally unknown guys. My first official, what I would call a gangbang. I mean the closest to one before that was with my co-workers at the park, but not so many all at once. How careless and stupid was that? OMG! Today my mind was officially blown. My body is still reacting to ten dicks. The thoughts of so many in me is giving me the willies. Now that I think about how stupid that was I wanna curl up into a ball and weep."
"Then I look over at Mitch watching me and I feel tingly inside. Todd checking me out in his rear view mirror is exciting too. Curt learing back over the front seat looking up my skirt gives me the goosebumps. I'm so back and forth on how I should be feeling about everything. I thought i was smarter than this. Guess not.
"Todd and Curt just fucked me and they can't get enough of seeing me. My self esteem is soaring one minute, then my concience gets clouded by ARE YOU NUTS VIOLET? The only choice I have is to roll with my own punches. When I sit idle too long I recall eyes looking at me, lusting, wanting, determined to have me. Scary? Yes and no. I love being desired. SOOOOOOO MESSED UP.
"Mitch hasn't had me yet, but he's told me he would fuck me at the Mall. GOD! I WANT THIS SO BAD. You would think with all the guys that have used me today I would be tapped out. NOT! I'm stoked. I just hope with this being a bigger mall with more security and cameras that I can get away with it. I really don't want to fuck in this cramped back seat. Mitch is so far away. I must be closer.
"Scooting closer to him he puts his arm around me. OMG! Kiss me like you did at the adult bookstore. Okay, I'll kiss you then. LOL! Ignoring the seatbelt law I turned into him, halfway straddling his lap, my hand grabbing his crotch. He moves over my way slightly giving me room to crawl over him the rest of the way. His hands found my ass as I held my fingers to his erection, rubbing it. I wanted this cock badly. You would think as many times as I had cum today I'd be moody and not wanna be touched. NO FUCKING WAY. I needed to be touched. Kissed. Fondled. FUCKED again. Dammit my hormones are killing me.
"Mitch lifted my skirt up to my waist so that Curt could reach over and rub my butt. I ignored Curt because I needed Mitch to focus on our kiss. MMMMMMMMMM! His lips left mine to explore my throat. OMG! I love my neckline kissed. DON'T STOP MITCH. Love on me. Get steamy. MMM! I found myself grinding in his lap awkwardly. Being taller in his lap the top of my head was tilted due to the roof of the car. Luckily it was a convertable, so why wasn't it down so I could feel free? Kissing helped until I lifted my face to let him at my throat. Nothing sexier than a face full of canvas.
"Curt in the front seat babbled on about how perfect my ass was. I whispered THANK YOU as Mitch stormed my neck. Curt proceeded with I COULD FUCK YOU FIVE TIMES A DAY. I sighed replying with I MIGHT LET YOU...ALL THREE OF YOU. Give them what they wanna hear and the world is mine. Cue diabolical laughter. LOL!
"We made out the rest of the way through town. When we pulled up to a light Mitch rolled the window down and let people watch us. He deliberately pulled my camisole down over my tits and fed on my nipples right in front of drivers beside us. I smiled at them and flared my eyes. God I love teasing.
"As we sat idle Todd took my mental cue and unhooked his convertible top. A button pushed and it began retracting over us. SUN! I SEE SUN. YAY! FREE AT LAST. That move let the world around us see me better. We all laughed hysterically as cars began honking and we heard wolf calls from all directions. OMG! THEY ADORE ME. I hopped up and down giddily in Mitch's lap letting my tits dance. I found myself lifting my own tits to lick around the areolas for their pleasure. Finally I hear Mitch tell Todd to cruise around awhile and let's show her off. YESSSSSSSSS!
"Risky never knowing when a cop car might spot us or a stoplight cam could record my show I suddenly didn't care. I wanted guys to drool. Now keep in mind I might be crazy but I'm not so far gone than when I saw a car with a child I didn't duck. Most women loved seeing me too I discovered. Therefore I stood tall on Mitch and let the world see. Some of the cars behind us stayed with us like a funeral procession. I WAS DROP DEAD GORGEOUS RIGHT? LOL!
"Curt kept watch for any cops in sight as Todd focused on driving. Mitch just let me do whatever I wanted and enjoyed my teasing. I would sneak in and kiss Mitch just to let him know I was there for him as much as I was for my audience. The car behind us had two guys in it that were hot on our heels the entire ride. Blowing them kisses and jiggling my tits kept them stalking us. Taking a side street to avoid the hectic downtown lessened our being busted. I didn't really care one way or another. I was horny and I needed to be seen.
"At another light I made a bold move and stood up in the back seat. Mitch held my upper thighs to support me so that I could let the guys behind us see my lower half. With my skirt and my top combined at my waist like a belt I was totally nude. Turning around carefully to show them my ass I lost balance and fell forward between Curt and Todd. I kissed them both on the cheeks laughing. With an assist I was back up. As the light turned green I flopped back into Mitch's clutches. More steamy kissing fueled my fire. Todd intentionally hit every red light to let me shine.
"Taking my shoes off before my next outing helped my balance. Standing again I decided to lift my shirt from my waist and off over my head. Whipping it about to show them it was no longer hiding my belly button I dropped it toward Curt in the front seat. Twisting again I slithered my micro mini skirt down over my ass and let Mitch remove it from my feet. I LOVE BEING NAKED IN PUBLIC. OMG!!
"Another green light releasing us, I straddled Mitch again, letting him kiss my tits, as I watched my admirers now three cars deep and counting. We had lost a few in our turns seeing as they were on the inside lane. Hopefully they turn around and give chase. LOL! What had happened to me earlier was out of my head right now. I wanted more and I wasn't going to let my concience take it away from me. NOW IS NOW!
"Another light led us into foot traffic territory. Small businesses in a really long stretch of the downtowns border made me excited. A lil edgy but not terribly. Guys were everywhere. Girls were sparse. Kids next to non existent. PERFECTION. As we idled at the light a cluster of six guys on the sidewalk whistled at me. I bounced in Mitch's lap waving brightly and saying HIIIIIII!
"I heard Curt tell Todd to pull over. Then, came I DARE HER TO GET OUT AND LET THOSE GUYS FEEL HER UP. Mitch wasn't sure until I looked down at him with bulging eyes. I wanted to take that dare. Even though I really didn't need anyone's permission I did ask Mitch CAN I? He was shocked that I cared enough to ask his permission. Let him think he owns me or something. LOL! He chuckled and said PULL OVER. OMG! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
"The guys didn't look like trouble. Just guys in their 20's that still hung out together. A couple of them had longboards for skating. As Todd pulled over my entourage of cars went around us but pulled over in front of us wherever they could to stay within reach of us. I LOVE THOSE GUYS. LOL! At a stop I opened up the car door and stepped out on to the curb. The six guys circled me as if protecting me from getting into trouble. The street was still busy.
"I said HIIII AGAIN as I sheepishly stood amidst the group. I heard them say things like BALLSY, FUCKING HOT, PERFECT TITS and ASS. I melted and hopped in step saying TOUCH ME. OMG! All six grabbed me everywhere. SO AMAZING. Fingers squeezing my tits, rubbing my butt, even my clit felt a nice steady ryhthm of fingers. I let them know how I was feeling over their swarming hands with OHHHHH MYYYYY GOOOOOOOD! I LOVE YOU GUYS. Then came kisses and sucking on my nipples. I moaned A LOT.
"A toot of Todd's horn signaled my retreat. NOOOOOOOOO! I obeyed DAMMIT! LOL! They let me go and I got back into the car waving goodbye. I didn't want to leave but I couldn't risk pissing Mitch and his friends off. ANOTHER DAY GUYS I yelled as Todd pulled away from the curb. As we passed them our awaiting posse pulled in behind us. I looked down at Mitch after returning to his lap and told him I'M SO FUCKING HORNY.
"Mitch smirked and said I HAVE PLANS AT THE MALL so don't get too exhausted. I flared my eyes and planted my forehead against his and hissed NEVER. He laughed and kissed me harder than ever. MMMMMMMMMMMM.
"Our kiss broke off as Todd said OUR CONVOY IS GETTING CRAZY. We looked back to find car after car after car tailing us. After three turns it was obvious who was and wasn't dedicated. Seeing an empty lot of an old vacated lumber company Todd ook a chance and pulled into it moving behind a fenceline blocking the street from direct sight. This would tell us who was wanting to stay friends. Seven cars circled us before we knew it. OMG! Please don't let this turn into the adult bookstore all over again. In seven cars I counted OH SHIT! Ten guys again. I'M TOAST! LOL!
"Putting my shoes on in case I got out of the car I sat there beside Mitch. Guys were getting out of their cars and approaching us. OKAY A LIL SPOOKED I won't lie. This lot was empty. If I got raped nobody would see or hear me. At least I had my trio of guardians with me. I hoped they would be enough.
"Immediately the men praised my boldness and flooded me with comments about my beauty. I took it all in smiling, hoping that they didn't see my worry. Mitch took over saying MY HOT GIRLFRIEND HERE LIKES SHOWING OFF IN PUBLIC. Mitch likes saying I'm his girl. I can live with that until I get home safely. LOL!
"THOSE GUYS ON THE CURB LOVED HER a big Hispanic guy chuckled. Mitch complimented that with ALL GUYS LOVE HER. Another white guy added WE WANNA LOVE HER TOO. Luckily his laughter wasn't menacing. Nobody really seemed dark and predictably evil. Hmmm! Maybe this won't go so bad after all. I grabbed Mitch by his shirt with flaring eyes and said CAN I DO WHAT I DID ON THE CURB WITH THESE HANDSOME GUYS?
"Mitch looks around us at our gathered testosterone and nods BE NICE TO HER GENTS. I hopped on to my knees and bounced in the seat playfully yelling out YAYYYYYY! The door opened from the outside and I crawled over Mitch, kissing him before stepping out. Instantly the guys shrouded me and began pawing me up. They were a bit more aggressive than the guys on the curb. Biting my nipples I yelped. Fingering me from behind I moaned. Pulling my hair a little freaked me but I let it happen. OMG! They were ravenous toward me. The big Hispanic guy picked me up and pulled me into a bear hug. Kissing me like I was his girl. My legs barely wrapped his waist. Behind me guys layed with my ass fingering me.
"I hear the big guy chuckle after releasing my lips and say DAAAAAMN CHICA. YOU BE TASTING GOOD. I was torn between smiling and fear. He had to have seen it. Yes I loved his attention, my fear was how far this might go. Could Mitch, Todd, and Curt even stop these guys if they just raped me?
"LOOK HOW WET SHE IS I hear behind me, looking over my shoulder to see a guy holding wet fingers for all to see. He brought his fingers to my lips and silly me I licked them dry, sucking on them like an idiot. Doing shit like that was only going to give them the idea I wanted fucked. I mean I did...do...but not by...well half of them were cute. COME ON VI! STOP THINKING LIKE THIS. OMG!
"My trio of heroes got out of the car and joined our gathering. Mitch took point and snapped his fingers and yelled out WHO WANTS TO WATCH HER USE A DILDO? He wagged my purchased toy in front of them. The consensus was a unified HELL YES. The big guy carried me over to his cars trunk and sat me down. The metal was hot on my ass so I yelped and whined. Curt took his t-shirt off and came to my aid resting it under me. My heroes were coming through for me. I can do this. It's only a dildo show. Cum once and head to the mall. Right? Right.
"Settling down fanning myself nervously I laugh it off and say SO MANY GUYS. OH MY GOD! Accepting the dildo from Mitch I flare my eyes at it adding HE'S SO BIG playfully. Yeah that's helping Vi. LOL! Everyone seemed eager to see me use it so I laid back. OWWWWW! MORE SHIRTS I squealed, the back window was blistering hot. The big Hispanic finally took his massive shirt off and placed it behind me. I marveled at his big belly and really hairy chest. His pecs were pierced and tattoos were everywhere. PLEASE DON'T LET HIM BE A GANG MEMBER that would be bad for my future.
"Relaxing back I rubbed my clit while watching the hunger in their eyes. It stimulated my desire to give them a good show. I was wet but as I applied the dildo it seemed dry and difficult to press inside. I brought the dildo to my lips and sucked on it a bit to moisten the rubber. While I did the big guy leaned over me and spit on my pussy. EWWW! Okay that's a first. LOL! As my sample sucking on the dildo ended I tried again. Still awkward DAMMIT! In my troubled efforts more guys swoop over me and spit. One by one I'm grossed out but pleasantly turned on by it. With a large amount of saliva build up the crown eased inside better. OMG! IT FELT SO GOOD.
"In and out slowly I built my bodily fluids into obedient servants and he toy eased in and out better. Lifting my legs my toes curled even with my heels on. Mitch removed my shoes for a better show of my sexy painted nails. The guys took turns sharing the scent of my shoes even. OMG! Who sniffs shoes? LOL! They worshipped me. FUCK! MY G-SPOT IS SENSITIVE.
"Leaning next to me from the side of the car Mitch rubbed my belly. TELL THEM HOW HORNY YOU ARE he goaded me. I can do that on my own but okay. LOL! OH MY GOD I'M SO FUCKING HORNY. THIS FEELS SO GOOD INSIDE MY WET LITTLE PUSSY. They ate up my soft revelations. Mitch wanted more out of me telling me to say ASK THEM IF THEY'RE IMAGINING THAT DILDO WAS THEIR COCK. Ooooo! Risky Mitch but okay...I nibbled my lip at the sensations my G was speaking loudly and whimpered a soft ARE YOU PICTURING YOUR COCKS INSIDE ME?
"Of course I knew the reply. Every single one of them said YES loudly and energetically. My examination of their desires fed my performance. I rammed my toy in and out violently as my moans became eratic. My head dropped back on to the window as my eyes rolled back. I could still hear Mitch saying TELL THEM WHAT YOUR MIND IS SAYING. That would be bad Mitch...FUCCCCCCCKKKK MEEEEEEEE! No keeping it in...hollow words...I hope.
"As my convulsions took over I lost my grip on the dildo. I know I still rambled NOOOOOOOOOO leading into FUCCCCCKKKK MEEEEEEEE again and again...in my distress one of the guys snatched up my dildo and put it back into me. He terrorized me into a screaming orgasm. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCKKK! I squirted over and over drowning Curt's shirt. Poor guy. LOL! Yeah, that last bit there were thoughts acknowledged once I got my brain back.
"I couldn't catch my breath. As one guys hand gave out another took over fucking me with that dildo. I had zero time to say NO...it was all a blurry YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS. The guys were destroying my pussy without sympathy. Mitch had backed away and left me at their mercy. Why does he keep doing that? Fingers were leaning over me rubbing my clit ferociously. Pinching my nipples. Forcing fingers between my howling lips from both sides. I felt like I was at a dentists office. FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK MEEEEEEEEEE.
"Gusher after gusher I screamed bloody murder. I was afraid to pass out because I just knew I'd wake up with dicks in every hole. My anal cavity was still taboo and I wanted to keep it that way. SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTT! DON'T STOP FUCKING ME. I couldn't get enough of their torture. One last fountain I lost my cognisance. Out like a ...
"Eyelids fluttering I peer over my body to find the big guy eating me out. OMG! MITCHHHHH? As if I could get the words out between my howls. Right back into the destruction I went. He was feasting like a rabid dog. I just made the grunts, hisses, and yelps for him. All around me guys were jerking off. Just like the adult bookstore my only thought. PLEASE DON'T FUCK ME GUYS. I don't think I can handle worrying about who is clean and what I might catch. No condoms in sight terrified me.
"I had a lengthy mind blowing spasm beneath Tito. I would learn his name after hearing his friend say EAT THAT BITCH TITO. I couldn't agree more. MORRRRRRE MORRRRRRRRE I mumbled. Tito did not let me down. In my wavering gaze I saw guys around me cum hard. In my quivering throes I found fingers putting samples of their cum to my lips. In my insanity I sucked every finger of their leftovers. Stupid I know but dammit guys I can't help myself.
"Finishing his fingering and eating me Tito rose up with a drenched goatee. His chest was soaked in both sweat and my cum. INCREDIBLE. Letting me go limp I just laid on that trunk lifelessly. Breathing heavy my only movement. Finally Mitch returned to my side. HAD ENOUGH? He posed to my barely comprehensible thoughts. Panting I said...yes...for once I managed to not say no. I needed a chance to revive. More guys next to the car jizzed. I did hear that much clearly.
"Peeling me from the trunk awkwardly Mitch carried me away from the men and put me back into Todd's car. There I sat groaning from being overheated and dehydrated from cumming so much. Todd put the roof up to shade me and shut the windows. Thank God his air conditioning worked. While Mitch said his goodbyes and collected my shoes and dildo I heard him tell the men that he might let them actually fuck me next time. WHAT? MITCH!! Now he's sounding like David whoring me out. If Mitch wasn't so cute I might have said just take me home. I wanted to shop still. TO THE MALL! I belted out as my first coherent words.
"Mitch helped me get dressed. All I knew was I needed another whore's bath before doing any real shopping. Between cum and perspiration I was ripe. The mall bathroom was going to be my first destination. I didn't need to pee because my cumming brought that out. Poor Tito. I just know I peed on his face. He didn't complain. LOL! HE LIKED IT! LOL! EGO VI EGO.
"Giving me a much needed rest Mitch had Todd drive us around more to cool off and let me regain my sanity. In our tour of the streets I snuggled up to Mitch in the back seat and felt comfort in his arms. As we cruised around I had a thousand different thoughts running through my mind. Why was I feeling like a whore? Why did I like feeling used more and more? Why had Mitch told them he would let them fuck me for real next time? He has no ownership rights over me. We barely know one another. My somewhat awkward new friend was becoming a man at my expense. Glad I could help Mitch. Maybe we can perfect one another.
"I heard Curt say he couldn't go into the mall smelling like piss and cum. Sorry Curt. You did volunteer your shirt though. Don't blame me. LOL! Todd joked that maybe he should run through a car wash so that he and I could take a shower together. TOO FUNNY. LOL! I'm game. LOL! Just don't rip my skin off using it full force. Naaaa! Not risking my beautiful body to accidental loss of gun control. Even if it is just a water wand I know how powerful those jets can be. WRONGO!
"I told them I'd just wash up in the restroom once we got to the mall. Curt said he could too and have one of us go get him a cheap new shirt to wear. Sounds like a plan. Reaching the mall Todd entered a parking garage and found us a spot on the top floor. Busy day it looked like even for mid afternoon. Digging into my bags Mitch found a vibrating egg and opened it up. Luckily it had a fresh battery because Santa at the bookstore had checked it out to make certain it worked properly. I shivered knowing Mitch's devious plan to make me wear it. I asked him to wait until I got cleaned up before I inserted that thing. Good idea right?
"Locking up Todd's car we all walked down two floors before crossing a bridge over the street to the mall itself. I held Mitch's hand and for some reason it felt right. I mean I wasn't like infatuated with the guy but I did feel safe with him. If that meant showing him that I liked his concern I would treat him like a King. It was the least I could do.
"Entering the doors to the mall I shivered at just how many people were there. So many families I shuddered at the worry that this teasing stuff might not be such a good idea. Then, I saw all of the eyes looking me over. No way could they think I'm too sexy I was still a mess. My hair hadn't even been brushed out. Maybe it was the wild look I adopted. All I know is every guy that looked my way made silent whistles or chose to smile with a hint of lust. Shit! I can only imagine their reactions once I get cleaned up. A restroom was close by the entrance so I ducked inside quickly. I spent a good ten minutes brushing my hair and cleaning up my smelly twat. I can get away with calling it that. LOL!
"Good thing I always carry perfume and a travel sized deoderant stick. It wasn't long I felt presentable and a whole lot more appealing. Doing all of the cleaning up in a bathroom stall looked rather conspicuous but it had to be done. Listening for the coast to be clear I left the stall and tossed my wet paper towels in the trash. Two more spritzes of perfume between my legs I giggled and headed back out to meet the guys. Todd had gone into a Hot Topic and bought Curt a concert T-shirt for the band Korn. Now that everyone was ready we were off to see what more mischief we could get into.
"Before getting too crazy I told them I wanted to shop before we ran short of time. They agreed and followed me around like lost puppies. Of course I would tease them lifting my skirt up in back on occasion to moon them. I did that around other guys in the mall too. Those that liked what they saw trailed us from a distance. I felt like a Pied Piper. Even in women's clothing I was watched with lustful interest. I went so far as to hold dresses up in front of me for their approval while Mitch and the guys decided to head to grab some food, leaving me to shop. With them out of my way I could entice any newer fans without their influence.
"Just like at the adult bookstore I went into a dressing room and tried on outfits. Stepping out to see if my viewers were still there I gave them a fashion show. A bit of hip shown kept them enchanted. So much fun. I bought three dresses there. Peach, yellow, and wine colored, all mini dresses with V neck cleavage. Leaving the store the three newer men watching me struck up a conversation. Asking me if I were single I said Yes. They were curious who Mitch, Todd, and Curt were so I told them the truth. They're my friends with benefits. Nothing serious. I then winked, turned on my heel and flashed my butt at them. Giggling I stepped away but looked back asking them COMING?
"They followed me into two more stores. Sexy panty and bra sets were used to ask their approval over. I bought two sets of black with red lace and a lavender with black trim. SO SEXY. The second store I bought jewelry, an ankle bracelet and a cute lace choker. Off I went with all three guys in tow. As I walked ahead of them I saw more young guys coming toward me. I beguiled them with mischievous eyes and intentionally slipped both straps holding my camisole from my shoulders. With each strut my blouse drifted lower on my tits. I couldn't let it go much further or I'd lost it. LOL! It was enough to gain more rodents as I tooted my own flute.
"I realized something as I went along. Since the adult bookstore I had never attracted so many guys at once. It was erotic knowing I had this much charm over them. I was walking the razors edge though. Too many guys and there would be no stopping them. I think I was lucky in that lumber yard parking lot. They could have easily gangbanged me. After the adult bookstore my thoughts pictured more adventures like that. Those. But, on my terms. Was that even possible? Guys could only tell themselves no for so long before it's BITCH YOUR ASS IS MINE. I'm not that naive to believe their thoughts were anything else.
"Passing of all things a Mattress store I saw nobody inside. Who buys a mattress from a mall? That's just ridiculous right? There was only one guy working there and he was maybe 30. He looked bored out of his mind. Hmmm. Mental note to come back by and say hi. I'll run it by Mitch first. Follow me my sexy entourage. I'm up to six guys now that my cleavage show reeled in more fish. I'm getting good at this. LOL!
"I didn't even know a single one of their names. DAMN I'M GOOD. Reaching the food court I found Mitch and his friends. They were ready to leave when I raced to their side with my bags. Stopping them from leaving their table I hopped up on the table next to them and sat back kicking my legs. My followers kept their distance until I waved them closer. They hesitated until I knew exactly what would bring them running. Looking about for safety I parted my legs and let them see my pussy. Mitch smirked and reached over without my notice and slapped my clit. I yelped laughing and feigned embarrassment. The guys ate it up as I knew they might.
"With a little encouragement I checked my surroundings again and stood up. bending over the table I pulled my skirt high and let them get a hard look at my bare bottom. My clam smiling brightly back at them. Shaking my booty from side to side I talked with Mitch and his friends while I let them sweat watching me. SO MUCH FUN. I told Mitch about the bedroom store and he busted up. He had the same idea. He knew the guy running it. A friend of his brothers. SO AWESOME.
"Turning back around to face my gents I left my bags with Todd and Curt. I wanted to relive my first adventure a bit but at the biggest mall in town. Instructed to watch for security I went about aking my newer friends to available tables all around Mitch's seat. Everyone grabbed chairs from other tables and clustered around us. Coaxing them in until everyone was comfy I made my move. Certain I was safe I moved from lap to lap sitting on each guy and whispering the same message to each one. I CAN FEEL YOUR COCK GETTING REALLY BIG. That was no bullshit. They were. LOL!
"Mitch left me with Todd and Curt to touch base with his friend Lyle. I would entertain these guys until he returned. I told him to hurry before I started getting too crazy and we got shut down. Like the wind Mitch was gone. Come on he wanted to see me on a bed as much as I wanted all of these guys to see me stretched out with seduction in my eyes. OMG! Just thinking about it I'm wet. I'm amazed I can even get wet after so much activity and stimulation in one day. Grateful indeed.
"As I sat in laps I let guys fondle and grope me. I'd whisper light moans and tell them YOU'RE SO CUTE or I WANT YOU. They told me I should be a stripper. Who knows I might try out. There's certainly no shortage of strip clubs in Indy. LOL! Of course I could just get tips right here. LOL! Straddling the guys I found the hottest I started grinding. Throwing my arms around their necks and feigning as if I were begging to be touched. TOUCH ME. Oh, yes. I said that quite seductively. Hands went up my hips lifting my micro mini skirt over my ass. I let people see it knowing I was cloaked by guys. OMG! This made me miss Scott at the other mall. He needs to fuck me. LOL! Definitely on my to do list.
"Thinking of that day made me grind on these guys harder. Give them every sensuous moan I could muster without attracting the wrong attention. These guys were saying I WANT TO FUCK YOU SO BAD. Dirty talk made me whimper and nod. Sure! Why not let them wish for it. No way could we get away with fucking in the mall. Could I? I mean I'm game with Mitch. These others? I just want them to watch and want me. I'll masturbate in the mattress store as long as this Lyle guy is okay with it. The guys here can conceal me from the rest of the mall. Easy right? I hope so.
"It didn't take Mitch long to return. Taking me by the hand Mitch peeled me from my seat and quietly told everyone to meet us at the mattress store in ten minutes. Any longer and these guys would cool down and think we were fucking with them. We were. LOL! I was. Pulling my skirt down I followed Mitch and his friends to the store. Once there Mitch introduced me to Lyle who looked me over twice before whistling at me. There were only three beds in the store. All with nothing obstructing the view of them from the large showroom windows. This was going to be really risky.
"I let Lyle take my hand and escort me to the bed front and center. The entrance was only twelve feet from the exterior. So close to those walking by made me tremble. Literally hundreds of people were in this mall. Studying the bypassers hardly anyone even looked this way. OMG! I might be able to masturbate and not get caught. Throwing myself on to the mattress giggling I rolled about watching Mitch, Todd, Curt, and Lyle grinning at me. As we discussed what Mitch proposed I do the six other guys arrive and filter around the bed. They were blocking my view of the outside world. OH NO! CAN'T HAVE THAT. LOL! Ushering them out of my sight line I swiftly do as I had in the car, by lowering my camisole to my waist and letting them see my entire upper body. My skirt pulled up to join my waistband I was naked save for my heels.
"Remaining silent so as not to attract attention I laid back and began playing with my clit. All eyes watched my seductive act. Hearing my moans made Lyle pace toward the entrance. I didn't focus on my audience as much as I did on watching people walk by cluelessly as I was getting away with this. Burying fingers up inside of me I was so turned on by over fifty people having passed by so far. OMG! I'm going to succeed. The guys around me moved further aside. They were letting me risk everything with a 100% all angle viewpoint. OMG! YESSSSSSSSSSSS. Someone look my way. Watch me. STOP AND WATCH ME.
"Straining quickly being so turned on I wanted to cum and cum hard. Lyle at the entrance stepped outside and stopped more men that he knew pointing me out. Blown away they entered to join my entourage. I was up to 12 guys now. YES YES YES YES! Three more. 15 guys. I'M GOING TO CUM. OMG! OMG! OMG!
"Mitch plops down next to me and caresses my cheek telling me NOT YET WAIT FOR MORE GUYS. I whimpered and kicked my feet on the mattress trying hard not to finish too soon. This was incredible. Two more guys are coaxed inside. 17. OOOOOOOOH. Mitch demands I WAIT FOR 20. I don't know if I can. OOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGG! One more that's 18. How are these guys just walking in without a care who sees. Not that I'm complaining. OH FUCK! SECURITY GUARDS. Lyle's talking to them. SHIT! I start to panic when one of the guards said KEEP GOING. OMG! Security is letting me do this. FUCCCCCCK! That's 20. I convulse hard and squirt all over my knuckles. No way did my sudden held in scream not go unheard.
"Nobody looking. NO WAY! As I lay there limp on the ruined mattress I wonder why Lyle didn't care I defiled his bed. Before I can catch my breath Mitch and two more guys crawl into bed with me. WHAT'S GOING ON? Mouths begin kissing me all over. Still I can observe people strolling by without care. The Security guards step just outside to run interference. They're protecting me. WOW!
"A guy starts eating me out while two more guys hold my ankles. YESSSSSSSSS EAT ME! Mitch whispers into my ear DON'T HOLD IT IN. OMG! I can't scream or we'll all be arrested. Security out there or not the store owners will hear and come running. Unless they're deaf. Still nobody looks our way. OMG! WAIT! Why are you guys unzipping your pants? Am I going to get jerked on again? I can handle that. LOL!
"As I watch dicks pop into view I start moaning louder. FUCK IT! Let the world hear me. Even Mitch has his dick out. ABOUT DAMNED TIME I let him hear my desire. He tugs his pants down to his knees and motions my eater away. WHOA! Mitch is going to fuck me right here in the store. GOD YES! As he mounts me I can feel his cock plunge deep. I yelp at his girth and length. He was bigger than my caresses presumed from the bus. FUCK ME MITCH I whimper and feel his maddening thrusts. He kept his promise when he said he would fuck me at the mall. Had he planned this all along. Did he secretly know all of these men? I hope so. LOL! OH MY GOD! More guys are trickling in. Lyle and the guards are picking and choosing men to watch us fuck. HELL YESSSSSSSSSSSS.
"HARDER MITCH I beg. My legs wrapping his waist. He rears back on his knees to watch my titties dance with his insane thrusting. All of the men move about trying to capture my dance recital. YESSSSSSSSSS LOOK AT ME. DESIRE ME. FUCK ME MITTTTTTCH!
"Men crawl in around us making me examine their intent as best as my reeling mind could comprehend. Dicks were out and slapping at my tits and face. WHOAAAAAAAAA! My hands are snatched up to curl my fingers around cocks. Forced to jerk off two guys was difficult with Mitch's savagery. I managed. I found myself wanting to impress Mitch. Behind my head a dick slaps right across my face. OH SHIT. I'm going to get face fucked I just know it.
"DO IT! I'M OT STOPPING YOU FUCKERS. DOOOOOO IT! Sure enough the guy accepts my opened mouth and thrusts at a really bad angle. I gagged and moaned as my throat and pussy were pounded. It was really hard to hold on to the two dicks in my hands. They made me keep hold. I did my best. Two more guys slither between everyone to suck on my nipples. One of which also massaged my clit for Mitch. My screams muffled by the dick in my mouth I never realized that Mitch had pulled out and let another man fuck me. In my blindness I would learn six others had fucked my pussy before I was clued in. When the guy fucking my throat nutted in my mouth he moved away. It was then I noted one of the first six guys I had coaxed in fucking me. My mouth frothing in cum I continued moaning.
"The guys I was jerking off jizzed in my grasp. I was sooo proud of myself. As the guy fucking me pulled out and shot his load on my tits another guy mounted my pussy. OMG! ANOTHER GANGBANG. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I didn't...want...FUCK I WANT THIS. MORRRRRRRRE MORRRRRRRRRRE. Stupid or not I can't resist how awesome this is. A public gangbang that nobody is even noticing. I'm doing the impossible. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.
"I'll stress on how dumb I am later. Right now I DEMAND DICK. More guys swarm my face. Three new dicks pelt my face. With my mouth wide and lingering cum on my lips I kiss and suck on one dick at a time, sharing my mouth as my cunt is obliterated by some serious pounding. So hard to focus. I'm going to cum again. I feel like a fucking pornstar. YES! OHHHHHHHHHHHH MYYYYYYYYY GOOOOOOOOOD! Another insane gusher taints the mattress. Out the guy goes to dip in and eat me before returning to fuck me some more. I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU ALL.
"Jizzing on my clit the guy slaps it making me yelp each time. Even with a dick in my mouth I was heard. Now the three guys above me were doing their best to put two dicks in my mouth at once. OMG! IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE? I tried my darnedst only to fail. My mouth just wasn't made for two at once. FORGIVE ME GUYS. Instead I make my rounds to satisfy each of them. I strive to take them so deep I can feel their balls on my cheeks and brow. SO FUCKING COOL.
"While I'm sucking cock I discover the room getting full. NO WAY. Stopping long enough to drop my jaw out of awe I find a head count of over 30 now. IMPOSSIBLE. HOW DID THIS GET SO OUT OF HAND? Surely someone would complain over so many people in a loser store like this. I was in panic mode even as I see Security rubbing their dicks too. HOLY FUCK.
"One guard makes his way over and mounts me. It was amazing to realize I could sway so many. Cumming on my face left me blinking to avoid cum in my eyes. All three guys I had sucked off grew impatient and jerked off over me. They backed off and more hopped in. OMG! I'm dizzy.
"The Security guard fucking me looked down and slapped my tit. OW! Again and again while another guy pinched my other nipple hard. OWWWWWW! In the chaos I heard the guard say YOU FUCKING LITTLE WHORE. LIKE THIS DON"T YOU? I nodded YESSSSS. GONNA FUCK EVERY GUY IN THIS STORE AREN'T YOU? YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS. I wan't to. GOD HELP ME but I wanted that. No more denying it. VIOLET? YOU ARE A FUCKING SLUT. FUCK ME HARDER I begged the guard. He gave me my wish.
"As he pulled out to cum his partner took his turn. Then five more guys before I knew it. Tired of missionary they roughly rolled me over and took me doggy style. Facing me toward the entrance so that people might see me and I could see them through cum covered lashes. I never screamed so loud. I did notice Lyle was having gus block our view when women and children passed by. That made this so much more stress free. They were looking out for me. THANK YOU.
"My hair pulled hard yanks my neck back as a guy reaches in to grab me by my throat and choke me. This was new. Thrilling but I was feeling possessed. These fuckers were owning me in style. So much for my being in charge. Not complaining people...just letting you know my preference. That could change. LOL! This was pretty intense on my hormones. Nothing was satisfying me completely though. I needed a final orgasm so strong that I'd need CPR.
"My ass slapped from behind repeatedly left my cheeks red and raw. That lasted a good steady ten minutes via three different guys. Everyone was on a mission. Losing control was intriguing for sure. Until a crazy fucker decided to yank me off the bed by my hair and drag me toward the open doorway. Lyle and the guards who were now just keeping watch motioned the men out of the store. Me being manhandled right out into the aisle. HOLY FUCK. Surrounded for safety the guy holding me fucks me standing up as people move around us. NO WAY! People are dumber than I am.
"Mitch found his way through the gauntlet to stand in front of me as I was restrained and being fucked from behind. Smiling at me as he caressed my cheek he said VIOLET CALLOWAY? THAT'S NUMBER 26 FUCKING YOU NOW. RIGHT OUT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BUSIEST MALL IN INDY. As he spoke I realized Todd was filming us with his cell. Focusing breathlessly on Mitch as he held my chin lovingly I didn't truly care that I was being recorded.
"DO YOU WANT TO REACH 30 GUYS? Mitch asked. I couldn't talk I merely nodded my affirmation. I needed to reach that goal in my soul. I ached for it. I yearned for what I deemed impossible my entire life. Did I predict this shit reaching these kinds of numbers? NO! Did I expect to even be a slut? NO! Now that I've been driven over the edge of all lustful fantasies I wanted it. I craved it. OMG! The guys are moving outward allowing people to witness us. I'm a spectacle. A trophy whore. YESSSSSSSSSSS.
"One of those massaging recliners was in view of me and my boytoy. A man sat down and pulled his cock out and I was nudged toward him. Feeling my sex partner pull out to nut on my ass I was passed to the seated man. I straddled him on my own as he gripped my throat. RIDE HARD he hissed at me. Planned to anyway Buddy. Guiding his cock up into me I gyrated hard on him. Moaning loudly, not caring if I were arrested or not. There was no stopping me now. My body shook hard at his grip over me. It was intense.
"FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCK! I rambled as I cum in his lap drowning his jeans. I felt a sudden torpedo up inside me making me yelp. SHIT! He came inside me. DAMMIT! No more screwing up. Tomorrow I'm going to get on birth control. No more procrastinating. As I crumbled into him I felt hands in my hair peeling me from him. The group had closed in again now that more people were filing by. Curious men aught glimpses of me and stuck around. Another six or more. FUCK! MORE I SAY.
"Deciding it safer inside the store I was drug by my hair back in and literally hurled on to the bed. Two guys at once lowered their pants and dove in next to me. One pulling me on top of him tells me to COWGIRL. OMG! Never have I done that. I knew what it was though so I was eager to try. My back to him I straddle the guy and fuck him with all eyes and multiple cellphone cameras watching. Todd shared his filming with me as I watched myself riding this guys cock. In and out his girth spread my cunt to its limits. Fearing pain I wanted off. OHHHHH NOOO he wouldn't have it. FUUUUUUCCCCCCK! I took it until another round of cum fires up inside me. MOTHER FUCKER! I yelped and pulled off of him only to be yanked into the other man. No mercy. Lucky me.
"Number 30 I gasped wore out by now. My hair was destroyed again. This guy didn't even care his friend had cum in me, sticking his pecker in relentlessly. I gotta admit my pussy was raw. I took him just fine but please Mitch...no more. Yeah! You know that didn't happen. Two more guys jumped in bed. One wanted to take me anally but FUCK THAT. He listened to my NO. THANK GOD.
"More cum barely misses my interior upon its exit. Tossed on to my back I took another missionary. FUCK! Where do these guys keep coming from? Am I fucking every guy in the mall? SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! All around me waiting their turns and stroking their cocks. I loved watching but regretted pushing onward. Nobody was giving a shit that I needed to stop. Two more fuck me before a breather. As I lay back taking it I start crying. WHAT WAS I DOING? As I wept another guy cums inside me. I GIVE UP. Might as well use my money on baby clothes I'm going to get knocked up by one of these assholes. The experience is wonderful until that crap enters your thoughts. As my tears prevented more takers, Lyle the store employee enters my vision handing me a box of tissue. I blew my nose and sat up. Mitch moved in beside me rubbing my back to comfort my agony.
"THAT WAS 34. MY BAD. He smirked. Falling into his arms I made him hold me. Knowing this was somehow staged I mumbled ARE ALL OF THESE GUYS FRIENDS OF YOURS? Mitch chuckled MOST OF THEM. I HAD CURT AND TODD CALL EVERYONE WE WENT TO SCHOOL WITH. LYLE HAD FRIENDS HERE AT THE MALL. THE GUARDS ARE BUDDIES TOO. THEY'RE GOING TO GO ERASE THE CAMERAS SHOWING YOU FUCKING OUTSIDE IN THE AISLE. PRETTY COOL HUH?
"YES. I HURT THOUGH. I couldn't lie. He rubs my arms briskly then says I HAVE A SURPRISE FOR YOU. I was afraid to find out. Coaxing me to lay back on the center of the bed he moves to stand above me. All 30 plus men crowd around the bed and open up their wallets. My eyes bulged as in a breath taken I found myself buried in $20 dollar bills. They were flying all over me. I giggled and rolled around in them. OMG! As the torrent ended Mitch told me that should be close to $2000 give or take. WOW! Hooker again. LOL!
"Lyle told me to get dressed, so I hurried as Mitch and Curt gathered my cash. UNBELIEVABLE! Once dressed the men all say goodbye and offer their thanks. NO THANK YOU.LOL! I laughed. Alone within ten minutes Lyle told me I had earned a free new bed too. There was no way he could sell this one, nor leave it on the showroom floor. He would cover it and deliver it to my address tomorrow. AWESOME.
"I won't bore you with the rest of my shopping spree. Needless to say I had to clean up in the bathroom one last time. OMG! I looked like a serious whore after that. My makeup was ruined. My hair looked spikey. I reeked. Even my perfume couldn't hold out. Did I regret it? Only that nagging feeling that I would end up pregnant. No more risks. If I escaped this one there was no more taking chances.
"Yeah, agony or not I wore that silly vibrating egg up inside my pussy just for Mitch. Every ten feet I yelped. LOL! Y'know what? VIOLET CALLOWAY IS HAPPY. After 34 guys there's no way I'll ever reach that many again. Right? FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKING VIBRATING EGG.
"You guys need a rest as much as I do. See you next time. AHHHHHHHH! FUCK!
"HEEEEEEEEEEEY! STOP IT. LOL! AS IF..."