Six months ago, I was a different person. That's about when it started; the day I met Bill and Amy. I was a sexually frustrated, twenty-five year old, single Christian. I had a deep, sexual crush on an eighteen-year-old girl in my church. I was profoundly sorry for, and repentant of, my handful of sexual experiences, yet I masturbated daily. I often felt guilty and miserable afterward.
The day before I met Bill and Amy was a Sunday. There were really only two things about church that I enjoyed. I had stopped having any kind of spiritual experience when my parents stopped attending. I respected their agnosticism and began to lose interest in dogma. But I still attended weekly, and there were two reasons. The first was the girl. Helena. She had been just one of the church kids until I saw her in a slinky dress at a church wedding that summer. She had gorgeous curves, inquisitive eyes and a tantalizing smile. We had recently established a weekly routine of eye-humping each other at every possible opportunity during the service.
The second reason I chose to continue going through the motions at church was a number of real, meaningful friendships that would be all but impossible to maintain if I gave up the "faith." I had had good times with a lot of these people over the years, and I generally liked being around them. It had never occurred to me that their iron-age mythology bore the primary responsibility for my sexual insecurity.
But enough with boring background stuff. The day before I met Bill and Amy was a Sunday. After the service I spotted Helena in the middle of the buzzing sanctuary, in line for the customary pastor-handshake-thing. She immediately met my eyes and I motioned to the side hallway and cafeteria with a slight tilt of my head and roll of my eyes. Without waiting to see her reaction, I strode past the rest of the crowd, shaking a couple hands and spewing one or two have-a-nice-weeks. I walked most of the way to the cafeteria before she caught up with me. She smiled at me. Her eyes glittered with the same mischievous spark that I enjoyed so much for an hour every week.
I realized I had never spoken to her before. She had been just a kid for all the time I had known her. Ok, so I hadn't even known her at all. I was aware of her existence and her name. Aside from those basic existential trivia, she was a total stranger. She was a total stranger with pert, supple breasts and perfectly complementary hips and ass.
"What's up?" Helena's voice was small, but somehow mysterious.
"I have to be honest with you," my voice shook and I couldn't help chuckling at myself. "I really only wanted to see if you'd come. I hadn't planned anything past this."
"So you made me follow you out here for nothing?" Helena raised an eyebrow, but she was still smiling.
I leaned in and kissed her. My lips brushed hers softly and she moved in to meet me. I instantly felt a twitch from inside my pants and consciously willed it away. I did not want to find out what it was like to have an erection at church. The fight against arousal was ultimately futile. Our lips parted in harmony and our tongues met in the void our mouth created. I put my arms around her lower back and pulled her against me. Helena's arms locked behind my neck and she pressed her body against mine. Her breasts pressed against my chest, and my nostrils filled with her clean, intoxicating scent. My last resistance to erection evaporated, and I knew she could feel it pressed against her stomach.
I pulled back from her then, cringing at the thought of Helena's father finding us this way. I would have preferred to bring her into one of the Sunday School classrooms, but I parted and tried to tuck my erection somewhere it wouldn't be so obvious.
"Now's probably not the best..." I paused, remembering that I needed to breath. "See you next week?"
Helena smiled and kissed me again. It was brief but full of tenderness and a deep, heart-pounding longing. Then she took off back down the hall. I went to the bathroom to think about baseball and wait for my erection to dissipate.
That was the day before I met Bill and Amy. It was exciting, to be sure, but the next day was when things really started to go sideways.
***
I woke the next morning to the sound of my alarm, rudely pulling me from a dream in which I was sneaking around a party with no pants on, trying to find Helena. It was more frustrating than anything else. Even if my alarm hadn't put an end to it, I doubt I would have found Helena in that dream anyway. My memory held a dream in which I knew I could find her. I spent my entire morning burning yesterday's experience into my mind.
After some push-ups and a run, I showered and set off for work. I was, to a certain extent, proud of my seven years of experience. The pay was not fantastic, but I managed to have fun. I worked for the cable company. And before you get any ideas, I should make it clear that I had never had any type of wild, porno-style, cliché sexual adventures. Pulling your pants down on the job is one of the things that gets you fired, and that in a hurry.
Bill and Amy Ramsey had just bought their first house on Franklin Avenue and I was there to install their cable TV, internet and phone. The day was hot and humid, not a great day for moving and unpacking. The house was littered with open boxes, the walls were bare, and the furniture made haphazard obstacles around the house.
"Do you want some water, James?" Bill asked, after we had made our introductions and I had begun my work. Bill was nearly as tall as I was, muscular and tanned. His wife, Amy, was beautiful and slender, with fine, black hair and big, dark eyes. Her slender frame carried tantalizing feminine curves.
"I'd love some water," I said, wiping sweat from my forehead. "Thank you."
Amy opened the refrigerator and produced a bottle of cold water. I thanked her and took a long drink.
"I am going to try out the pool," Amy said to her husband, and Bill smiled.
"We made sure the pool was ready for use before we moved," Bill said.
"Probably a good call," I said.
I headed down to the basement to work, and Bill and Amy headed upstairs to change for swimming. I watched Amy's bottom as she turned the corner at the bottom of the stairs. I tried to imagine her in a skimpy bikini as I made my way down into the basement. The Christian that was still somewhere inside me told me not to covet another man's wife. The rest of me enjoyed the visual.
Half of the basement was utilities, laundry and storage. The other half was a sitting room with a television and a sectional sofa, with a sliding glass door that looked out onto the patio and the pool. I smiled at the view and thought I might get a chance to see Amy's bathing suit after all.
I worked slowly, watching periodically over my shoulder out onto the patio. Eventually, Bill and Amy came down the stairs from the deck outside the kitchen and I was treated to the sight of the young couple in their summer best. Amy's body was even more spectacular than I had imagined through her clothes. Her breasts threatened to spill out of her small top, and her bottoms framed her ass beautifully. I couldn't help but be impressed by Bill, too. He wore only his swim trunks, which rested low on his hips. His wide shoulders and chest glistened in the sun, and his abs rippled as he moved. They were a beautiful couple.
I returned to my work and left them to swim. Eventually I made my way up to their bedroom, where I set up a television and their computer. The clothes they had been wearing were strewn on the floor and furniture. Amy's bra and panties were actually sitting on the chair at the computer desk. I relished the opportunity to pick them up and toss them onto the floor so I could sit.
When I was finished, I looked out the window and down onto the patio, where Amy was now reclining in the sun. Her body glistened with pool water in the sun. Her arms moved and I suddenly realized her hand had been between her legs. My breath shortened at the thought and I watched closer. That was when Bill strode out from the direction of the sliding glass door. He was naked. I almost gasped out loud, until I remembered the window was open and they would hear me. Bill's big dick dangled in front of him as her walked toward Amy. Amy sat up and smiled at him. She reached out and grasped her husband's cock and guided it into her mouth.
I backed away from the window, sure that they were going to look up at any minute and see me staring at them. I realized my cock was hard and I tried to adjust it in my pants. My face flushed, hot and red with the guilt of simply having seen them for an instant.
I heard Bill's voice from the window. "Oh, yeah, Baby," he groaned.
I couldn't help myself. I moved back to the window to see Amy still sucking Bill's cock. The guilt surged in me, but I pushed it back down. Amy had also pulled her bikini top down, exposing her exquisite breasts. Her nipples pointed out and up, two hard little nubs. She pumped her husband's shaft while she sucked him, rubbing saliva over the length of his rock-hard cock. I reached down without thinking and started rubbing my own cock through my pants. Amy moved to sit up on the deck chair, and her top fell away onto the patio. Her new position let her take Bill's cock deeper into her mouth. She sat on the edge of the chair, legs apart. One hand stroked Bill's cock while she sucked, her other hand was inside her bikini bottom, rubbing on her pussy.
As quickly as it had begun, it ended. Bill threw back his head, eyes closed as he came. Amy pulled his cock out of her mouth and pointed it down at her swaying tits. I watched Bill's cock shoot big gobs of cum onto his wife's chest. Amy licked the last little drop of cum off Bill's cock and swallowed it. She then looked directly at me and smiled.
I backed away from the window again and nearly fell over the chair at the desk. Oh my god she saw me watching. Fuck. What was I going to do? I could feel my cheeks glowing red, and my cock was still a steel rod in my pants. I sat down in the chair and breathed deeply, eyes closed. Suddenly, the thought of God punishing me for my sin didn't seem so far-fetched. When I finally opened them, my breath was under control and I could feel some of the color leaving my face. My cock had also started to recede, but only just barely.
I gathered my tools and paperwork and headed down to the kitchen, praying that I hadn't really been caught watching, that they could just sign the work order and I could go.
I had no such luck.
"Did you enjoy the show?" Bill asked as I walked into the kitchen. He and his wife were back in their bathing suits. They were sitting at the kitchen island, both of them looking right at me. Amy's eyes darted briefly to the bulge in my pants that I still couldn't quite hide.
"Um," I stuttered. I felt the color rising back into my face. "I'm, uh, sorry about that."
I looked down at the floor, waiting for the inevitable outburst of righteous indignation from the couple whose privacy I had just invaded. I was fucked. Once they called the office to complain about me, it was all over. I would soon be unemployed.
"So you were watching?" Amy tilted her head slightly and looked into my eyes. There was no lying to those eyes. I felt a twinge of deep, passionate longing as I looked back at her. God, she was beautiful. How could I have been so dumb?
"Yes," I admitted.
"And did you like it?" Bill asked. "Watching, I mean."
Now there was an odd question. I had expected to be thrown out the front door by now.
"I'm not sure what to say," I said. My voice was weak and my face glowed red.
"Did you like what you saw?" Bill asked again.
"Um," I swallowed. "Yeah, it was pretty cool. Yes, I liked it."
"Why do you still go to church?" Amy asked.
"What?" How the hell could they have possibly known about that? I asked them as much.
"That's not too important," Bill said. "What's important is that you liked what you saw out on the patio."
"Um, okay," I said. This encounter had gone from deeply embarrassing to incredibly weird. "Yes, I liked watching."
"Good," Amy said. She reached over and squeezed her husband's hand. "We were hoping you might like to watch us fuck."
I dropped my clipboard. Who the hell were these lunatics? I fumbled to pick up my spilled papers and I heard Bill chuckle.
"It's alright, James," Bill said. "We're not going to call and tattle on you. And we really would like it if you could come by after work. Bring a bathing suit, too. It's hot as hell, today."
"Um," I said. "See you around seven then?"
They both agreed and they signed the work order and I left. It wasn't until I was back in the van, driving down the road that I finally let it out.
"Holy shit!" I screamed to the dashboard. They wanted me to come over and watch them fuck. I was not unfamiliar with exhibitionism. I often found it fun to open all the windows in my apartment and walk around naked. Sometimes I would jerk off standing by my bedroom window, looking out into the backyard and secretly hoping someone in another back yard would look up at my window. The thought of watching Amy take Bill's cock into her pussy gave me an instant hard-on.
I drove home and headed straight for the shower. As soon as my apartment door was closed behind me I started stripping, leaving my clothes where they fell in the hall until I reached the bathroom. I stood in the afternoon sunlight pouring through the bathroom window and looked in the mirror, scrutinizing my own body. I was fairly content with what I saw. I followed the lines of my body slowly. My shoulders were wide and my chest was strong, and peppered with dark hair. My stomach was not fat, though it wasn't chiseled either. I liked to look at the way my cock stood straight up in its hardness. I continued to look down, passing over my balls to my strong legs. I was content.
And horny as hell. After my inspection, I moved straight to stroking my cock with my right hand. I turned around and leaned my ass on the edge of the sink and leaned back, stroking firmly and slowly. I moaned out load. In my mind, I watched Amy suck Bill's cock, fast and frantic. I watched Bill squirting his hot cum onto his wife's perfect breasts. Then I imagined Amy sucking my cock, those big dark eyes looking up at me. I imagined her stroking my cock while she pumped my cum into her mouth, and I came. I shuddered and gasped as my cock shot spurts of cum into the air. Most of it landed on the floor, but a small dribble of cum dripped down along the side of my cock. I wiped it off onto my finger and sucked the finger clean in my mouth, tasting myself, working my cum over my tongue and back where I swallowed it. The rest I cleaned up off the floor with toilet paper before I showered.
Once the water hit me, I suddenly remembered Amy's bizarre question about church. How could they have known about church? Was it a lucky guess? It was somewhat disconcerting, thinking they knew things about me. I still had every intention of going back to their house to see if their offer still stood. But I was also a little spooked. Why a question about church?
I thought about Helena for the first time since that morning and I smiled, in spite of myself. That kiss. It had been something magnificent. I couldn't wait to get back to Bill and Amy's, but I also longed to get my arms back around Helena's slender frame, to taste her lips on mine. Sunday couldn't come soon enough.
***
I was driving my own car back to Bill and Amy's when the guilt struck again. Hot and fierce, it twisted my stomach and soured my mouth. I had experienced the same sensation the only time I had ever dared walk into a porn store. On that day, my hands shook so badly I couldn't even get my ID out of my wallet to show the cashier. This time, they shook so badly, I had to pull into a gas station and park. If God really was out there, he wouldn't lightly forgive this little trespass. As I sat in my idling car, I experienced a battle of choices. Thinking back on it, I visualize it this way:
"Evil" Jim stands outside my driver's window. He's wearing a sharp suit, all black, and he has a five-o'clock-shadow. His eyes glow a simmering red.
"Good" Jim stands outside my passenger window. His suit is just as sharp, but a dazzling white. His eyes glow in sparkling white and blue.
Good Jim: You should feel like this, Jim. You should. You're driving to the house of a whore to watch a devious, vile act. Just watching will make you as vile as that fucking whore.
Evil Jim: Don't listen to this dickhead. He's afraid of fun. He always has been. Not to mention his unhealthy attitude towards women.
Good Jim: Remember your Proverbs. The Adulteress is about to get her claws into you.
Evil Jim (to Good Jim): Have you ever even listened to yourself? You sound like a fucking Baptist! Our friend Jim here is about to go watch a mega-hottie get railed proper by her equally hot husband.
Good Jim: You see? (Points to his evil counterpart) He's a homosexual!
Evil Jim: Bi-sexual, thank you.
Good Jim: Whatever! It's an abomination before God!
Real Jim (to Good Jim): You know what, Asshole? I think he's right. Why don't you just fuck off, I'm going to go have some fun!
Evil Jim: Shotgun!
So I drove to Bill and Amy's house.
There was a note on their front door, instructing me to walk around the house to meet them out back. I turned the corner to find the couple floating in the pool, warm in what was left of the evening sun. It was still considerably hot, and the pool seemed a wonderful idea.
Bill noticed me first. "Hi, James! Glad you could make it." He waived.
Amy turned to face me as I approached the edge of the pool. "Hi, James," she said, smiling brightly. "Go change into your suit and hop in. The water's awesome."
I smiled at both of them and headed for the sliding door and into the sitting room. I changed right there, tossing my regular clothes onto the sofa and donning my swimming trunks. I pulled them low on my waist before tying them. If I hadn't just jerked off an hour ago, I would have been fighting off an erection already. I realized before I was done tying that there had been no straps on Amy's shoulders. Either she was wearing a different top than before, or none at all. I fervently hoped the latter was true.
I walked back to the pool and climbed down the ladder before submerging. The cool water rushed away my heat-soaked weariness better than my shower had. I opened my eyes under water and looked directly at Amy's bare breasts. They bore un-tanned triangles from sun-bathing in her bikini. I resurfaced and smiled.
"This is awesome," I said. "I haven't had a chance to go swimming yet this summer."
"Same with us," Bill said. "This is the first day we've had a chance to use the pool."
"So how's the unpacking coming?" I asked with a grin.
"Fuck it," Amy said. "It's too hot. We have the AC in the bedroom, and the pool out here."
"Who needs more?" I asked.
We swam and splashed for nearly an hour, before the sun started to disappear. Amy was lying face down across a long float. Regrettably, this hid her breasts from my view, but I found a perverse fascination with the sides of her breasts, where they met the plastic of the float.
"I didn't mean to upset you with the question about church," she said.
I didn't know what to say. I just looked into her deep, dark eyes and felt again the intense longing I had experienced earlier in the day.
"We actually visited your church yesterday," she said.
"I don't remember seeing you," I said. I didn't remember seeing them at all. The only thing I remembered about my last visit to church was Helena. Her golden hair. God! Her smell, perfume and woman!
"You seemed a little distracted by a pretty young blonde," Bill said.
"Yeah, I guess I was."
So they had really been there. And I thought I had been discreet with Helena. Shit. Hopefully Amy and Bill were the only ones who had noticed. But shit! They had visited a church? The hopes of watching the couple fuck started to quickly evaporate. Christian couples did not invite young men over to watch them enjoy the marriage bed.
"Anyway," Bill said. "We think we may have a few philosophical differences from the church, but we also think it feels like the right place to start."
"To start what?"
"A revival of sorts," Bill said. "But that can wait. Tonight, we're going to have some fun. Right, Babe?"
"Lots of fun," Amy said. She climbed up the ladder and out of the pool, finally giving me an unhindered view of her breasts. She wore a different bottom than before. This one covered almost none of her perfectly formed ass, and only just enough of her pussy. My cock twitched. I stared after her, wide-mouthed, as she crossed the patio, wrapped herself in a towel and walked into the house.
"God, I love that woman," Bill said. He followed her out of the pool. He was wearing the same bathing suit, but it couldn't hide his erection. He paused at the sliding door and looked back at me.
"Are you coming or not?" he said, eyebrows up. He turned into the house and I scrambled out of the pool, finding a fresh towel on one of the patio chairs. I wrapped the towel around me and walked into the sitting room. My clothes lay where I had left them. I heard a giggle and a light slap followed by a louder giggle. The sound of Bill chasing Amy up the stairs to the kitchen prompted me to continue. When I reached the kitchen, I heard them on the stairs above me headed for the second floor and I followed on.
When I at last reached the bedroom, I stopped in the doorway. Bill's shorts were off. His big hard cock was already in Amy's mouth. My heart pounded and my hands shook again. "Good" Jim almost managed to chortle an "I told you so" before "Evil" Jim punched him in the stomach.
Without looking my way, Bill pointed to a chair against the wall behind him. The chair faced the bed. I gaped at Amy's work on her husbands cock as I passed to have a seat in the chair. Instead of trying to hide my erection, I adjusted my cock so it would stick out as obviously as possible. Bill's back was to me, and I unconsciously admired his tight, muscular ass. He quickly turned to give me a better view, and Amy moved with him, not letting his cock out of her mouth. I reached into my pants and grasped my rigid shaft. I sat on the towel and watched as Amy took as much of Bill's cock into her mouth as she could. She pumped the rest of his prick with her fist while she sucked him.
"Oh, yeah, Babe," Bill breathed. "Suck my cock."
Amy moaned onto Bill's cock. She moved the hand that had been rubbing her pussy up to heft and rub Bill's balls. She took his cock out of her mouth only long enough to suck both of his balls, one at a time, covering him completely in her saliva. She returned to sucking on the end of his cock, still pumping his shaft. I pumped my own shaft and watched Amy move her free hand between her husband's legs. She wiped her own saliva off his cock and rubbed it onto his asshole. Bill spread his legs in his stance and allowed his wife to finger his asshole while she sucked his cock. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, but I couldn't pull my eyes away. Amy had inserted her entire index finger up her husband's ass.
"Oh, Jesus, Babe!" Bill squealed. "You're gonna make me cum!"
Amy quickly pulled Bill's cock out of her mouth and her finger out of his ass.
"Not yet," she said. She smiled up at Bill as she sat back on the bed, legs apart. She slowly rubbed herself through the fabric of her thong. "I want you to lick me down here," she said, still rubbing her pussy.
Bill knelt at the foot of the bed and I leaned over for a better look as he pulled Amy's thong aside, uncovering the soft, pink folds of her pussy. He leaned in and kissed her lips and her eyelids fluttered. Amy let out a long moan as Bill began to slowly explore her pussy with his lips and tongue. I reached my hand inside my shorts and stroked my cock while I watched. I noticed Amy's eyes on me and her lusty smile brought a flush to my cheeks.
Pull it out, she mouthed to me over her husband's back as he sucked her pussy. The smell of her arousal had started to fill the room, and I breathed deeply of her scent. I slowly pulled my shorts down past my hips to free my raging-hard cock. Amy's eyes widened slightly, whether from the view of my cock or her husband's efforts on her pussy I don't know, but it excited me more than I would have expected from a simple change of expression. I stroked my cock faster, loving it that Amy was watching me.
Bill broke contact with his wife's pussy and stood up. He grasped his cock by the base and eased the head into Amy's pussy. She lay back, eyes closed, and pulled her knees up to her chest. Bill slid inside her pussy a little more with each stroke. I continued to stroke my cock while I watched Bill's plunging in and out of his wife's pussy.
"Oh, yeah," Amy gasped between unintelligible moans. "Mmm, fuck me hard."
"You want to get the dildo?" Bill asked, and my eyebrows shot up.
"You want me to give it to you?" Amy replied.
"Yeah, baby, give it to me," Bill hollered before he pulled his cock out of Amy's pussy. Amy rolled out from under him and to the floor where she looked under the bed. Her ass pointed straight at me and I drank in the view of her asshole and her dripping wet pussy. Bill lay back on the bed and lifted his own legs up to his chest. They were not about to do what I thought they were about to do. Christian couples don't have ass play. There was no fucking way. But they did. Amy produced a life-like dildo, a big rubbery thing.
"Yeah, give it to me good, baby," Bill said. "Fuck my ass with that cock."
Amy sucked the dildo slick before she pushed the tip into her husband's ass. Bill eyes clamped shut and his head flew back and he gasped in his pleasure.
"Oh, yeah!" Bill yelled. "Stick it in me!"
Amy obeyed. She started to fuck Bill's asshole with the dildo and I was too blown away to keep jerking myself off. This was too weird. I felt the color return to my cheeks as I watched them. Amy continued to pound Bill's ass until finally he rolled up onto his knees on the bed and Amy joined him. Without pulling the fake cock out of his ass, Bill pushed his pussy-wet cock into his wife's ass. Amy rubbed her pussy while she took her husband's cock up her ass. Her eyes were squeezed shut and she wailed with every thrust.
"Oh fuck! God, yes! I'm cumming!" Amy screamed. She writhed and bucked under Bill's assault as orgasm took her.
"Yeah, yeah, YEAH!" Bill screamed and he stopped thrusting. He pulled his cock out of Amy's ass and she rolled over, as if on queue, just in time to catch a big spurt of Bill's cum on her neck. The second shot landed on one of her breasts, heaving from her breathing. The last spurt she licked off the head of his cock and swallowed, as I had seen her do earlier in the day.
My cock was still an iron rod, pointing up at me, but I stuffed it back in my shorts, now that they were done. I would have to save the spanking for when I got home.
I gave Bill and Amy time to catch their breath, and it took quite a while. Both of them were soaked with sweat, not to mention cum.
"That," Bill finally spoke. "That was incredible, babe."
Amy smiled at him and they kissed, a long, deep kiss. They held each other for a moment before parting again.
"We're going to take a quick shower," Amy said. "You want to meet us down in the kitchen in a few?"
"Sure," I said. I didn't bother hiding my erection as I walked out of their bedroom.
After they showered, Amy and Bill joined me in the kitchen where we sat at the barstools and sipped iced water.
"So what did you think?" Bill asked. The couple looked at me, waiting for my verdict.
"It was incredible," I said. And I wasn't exaggerating. I had never imagined such things were actually possible. "I don't know if this thing will ever go away." I pointed down to the persistent bulge in my shorts.
"Well," Amy said. "You can think about us when you get home tonight." I certainly would.
"Do you think you'd like to come watch us again?" Bill asked.
"Umm," I said. "Sure."
I don't know why I even fucking bother,Good Jim's voice came to me.
"Good," Bill said. "But next time, we want you to film us."
I stopped drinking my water mid-sip. "Excuse me?"
"We want you to film us," Bill repeated. "We have a pretty good camera, and we want you to help us make a porno."
I put down my glass.
"Ok," I said. "I'm just a little confused. First you ask me about church, now you want me to help you make a porno? I mean, you guys don't sound much like the church-going type."
"I know what you mean," Bill said. "I'll admit that it doesn't seem to fit in the traditional Christian mentality, but that mentality is what we want to change. We want to produce videos of loving, Christian couples enjoying themselves in bed. We want to teach other couples that it's okay for Christians to enjoy some oral or some anal. We've already found a few couples who are interested in being filmed, but first we need to show them an example, and that's where you come in."
Holy shit. I am so fucking glad you came here, Jimbo.This time it was Evil Jim's voice.
"We're starting something new and exciting," Bill said. "And with your help, and God's, it's going to be something big." He looked at me, waiting for my reply.
"Christian porn?" I shrugged.
"We've been searching the scriptures and praying about this for a long time now, and I think we've come up with some solid ground rules to eliminate the possibility of adultery," Bill said.
"Ground rules?"
"Sure," Bill said. "For example, the videos will only feature married couples; there won't be any profanity; no extramarital sex; you get the idea."
"But anal and oral are a go?"
"Of course," Bill said. "The Bible condemns homosexuality, not anal or oral sex between a husband and wife."
"So what makes you think that I am in any way qualified to help you with this?" I asked.
"We like you," Amy said. "And you've already admitted that you like watching us. Besides, we've already tried it with a tripod, but it just didn't work."
Christian Porn. They were out of their goddamn minds.
"I'll do it."
***
I made plans with Bill and Amy to meet them in one week, on the following Monday night to attempt to film their scene. I would have been glad to get started right there, but it was their show, so I had to practice patience.
Sunday approached, and my thoughts eventually drifted back to Helena. The memory of our kiss hadn't been altogether wiped out by the outlandish events at Bill and Amy's. Sunday morning found me rising early for breakfast, shower and shave. I wore my favorite shirt and tie. I doodled and day-dreamed through the service, occasionally managing to steal more of the glances with Helena that had kept me attending church at all for these past months. Her eyes sparkled. She was breathtaking.
During one of the songs, I left the sanctuary to get a drink of water and use the bathroom. When I emerged from the men's room, Helena was there. She smiled at me, head tilted to one side. Her eyes sparkled and her smile made my heart pound.
"Hi," I said.
"Hi." She moved closer to me, stopping at arms length, and staring up with those big, liquid eyes. "My parents are having a bunch of people over after church."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah," she said. "You should come."
"I don't recall being invited to anything at your parents'," I said.
"Don't be dumb," she said. "I just invited you." She turned without another word and went back to the sanctuary.
I had been to parties at the Porter's house before. It was sure to be a pretty good time, even without the prospect of a chance to be alone with Helena again. There would certainly be food and beer and plenty of both.
After the service, I watched Helena leave with her family. That was when I found Chris standing beside me. We had been friends for as long as I remembered, but with my recently increasing spiritual apathy, I had begun to find his presence irksome. He seemed to be more outspoken about his faith, as if he sensed my disinterest and was trying to shove it in my face. He wasn't a bad guy or anything. He just really wanted me and Jesus to be friends. Sometimes I pretended to care what he had to say, but his continual preaching was finally getting on my nerves. I had every intention of walking away without acknowledging him, but he managed speak before I could turn away.
"Are you going to the Porter's cook-out?" he asked. At least he wasn't telling me I needed to read my Bible more often.
"I was toying with the idea," I said. I didn't want to let on that I had a very good reason to attend. Helena was, after all, only eighteen. I wasn't sure how people would react to my becoming involved with her, least of all my preachy friend Chris.
"You want to ride over together?"
That was probably the last thing I wanted to do.
"As long as you don't mind me smoking a bowl in your car on the way over," I said, looking him in the eye for the first time since I'd noticed him standing there.
Chris darkened. I was pushing his buttons and he knew it. Chris had never managed to convince me that smoking weed was something Christians shouldn't do. He nevertheless made a point of decrying my "destructive habit" at every opportunity. My rubbing it in his face infuriated him.
"You know, Jim," he said. His face had darkened and his posture had tensed. "One day that shit is going to get you in more trouble than you'll be able to handle." He stormed off.
"Sure, Chris," I said to his back. Hopefully he'd be angry enough not to come to the cook-out, but that wasn't likely. At least he'd be mad enough to leave me the hell alone. I didn't even have any weed, either way.
I went home to change and drove to the Porter's. They had a big house and an enormous back yard. A group of people were playing horseshoes, and another group was tossing a football. For the most part, people stood in groups and talked and laughed. Most held beers, the kids had their sodas.
I shook a few hands and said a few hellos as I strode to where I saw Mr. Porter, laughing and talking with a handful of men from the church. They all clutched bottles of beer, except for Pastor Marden, who held what I assumed was a scotch.
Martin Porter was one of the church elders. He was a big man, not especially tall, but built for building houses and camping. He and his wife Elsa had four daughters, the oldest of whom was Helena. It seemed impossible that this rough, hulking man could have produced a daughter as lovely as Helena, at least not until you saw Elsa. She was a forty-five year old version of her daughter; a beautiful woman.
Mr. Porter, as I was accustomed to addressing him, noticed me approaching and waved. "Big Jim!" he called. The other men, deacons and elders all, turned and added their greetings.
"You look like you need a beer," Mr. Porter said as he shook my hand. His grip nearly cracked my fingers.
"Thanks for having me," I said. "And I'd love a beer."
I shook the hands of the others, and stood listening to their conversation quietly while I looked around. Hoping to see Helena, I instead saw Chris, glaring at me from where he stood with a group of some of the older church kids. I made a circle with my thumb and forefinger and held it up to him, as if offering him a joint and he glared harder. I chuckled. He'd definitely leave me alone.
It was after a few minutes of listening to the church men talk about politics and tractors that I suddenly noticed that Bill and Amy were at the cook-out. I almost choked on my beer. They were sitting at a picnic table with some other couples, all laughing and talking. Helena was sitting across from them. This was going to be interesting.
I excused myself from the men's conversation and walked over to the picnic table. Helena saw me and smiled. "You made it," she said.
"Who'd miss this party?" I raised my arms and motioned around me. Amy turned around at the sound of my voice and she smiled.
"Jim," Helena said. "This is Amy and Bill. Amy and Bill, this is Jim."
"Cable guy!" Bill said when he had turned around. "We meet again."
I shook his hand and Amy's. "Hey guys," I said.
"So you've already met," Helena said.
"We have," Amy said. "Jim helped us out on Monday."
Helena jumped out of her seat and walked around the table to me. "Come on," she said, grabbing my arm. "I need to show you something."
"Nice to see you guys," I said to Bill and Amy before Helena pulled me away.
I followed her around the house and back to the driveway. Helena led me into the garage. Once the door closed behind me she turned, and her arms flew around me. We kissed, a deep, yearning kiss. I pulled her body against me as our tongues met. Her breasts pressed against my chest, and my cock stirred against her stomach. When we finally parted, breath came in deep gasps.
"I've been waiting for that all week," Helena said, still holding me. "But we can't hang out here too long or someone will catch us."
"Do you want to go out sometime this week?"
"I don't know," she said. "I mean yes, I do want to go out, but I don't know what my parents will say."
"Do they have to know?" I asked. "I could just pick you up and go for ice cream or something."
She smiled. "Ok, take my cell phone number."
I saved her number in my phone.
"Pick me up at work on Wednesday at nine, I'll tell my mom I'm closing."
"Sure," I said. "But where do you work?"
"Dudley's," she said. Dudley's was a fairly local restaurant chain that dreamed of being a Chili's or Uno.
"Wednesday," I said. "I'll be there."
She pulled me to her again and we our lips met again. Her scent filled my nostrils, and her body warmed mine. This time, I couldn't stop my cock from poking her. I tried to back away, but she grabbed me through my pants.
Helena smiled up at me. "You'd better put this away before my dad sees it." She gave me another peck on the lips and squeezed my cock before skipping out of the garage, leaving me breathless and horny.