"Oh, thank God," Harold said, glancing at his phone. "Blue got a job."
Lia looked over her book at him, raised an eyebrow and muted the TV. "No shit? What's she doing?"
"Candy striping, I guess. County line hospital. She sent the address." He squinted at the text. "It just says striping," he mumbled to himself. Louder to his wife, he said, "She's working tonight, won't be home until late. Says she'll get an Uber."
"Well, good for her. What's the pay like?"
Harold shrugged. "She didn't say. She also said she was putting her phone in her locker..." He squinted again. "Damn. Girl needs to learn how to spell. L-O-K-K-E-R."
"That ship sailed a while back. She did well enough to graduate high school, I guess that's all we can hope for." Lia took her feet off the couch, sat up and scratched her neck. Her mother wasn't kidding, ever since she was little they'd known their girl wouldn't be bringing home any scholastic achievements. She sure was pretty, though.
Pretty or not though, the grownups in the house were itching a bit for her to move out on her own. Blue had turned twenty this last month, a year and change since her high school graduation, after getting held back in second grade. She'd been mostly holed up in her room, except for the rare occasions her friends decided to show up in real life. She led a very popular social life, all of it online. And she'd shown no interest whatsoever in becoming employed, at least not until they'd had a chat with her two weeks ago.
She'd nodded, blankly, at them when they'd suggested that she might be happier with her own place, and that would probably require that fabled thing she may have heard about called a 'job.' Nodded, smiled, and then went right back into her room when Jaycee rang her up on the insta. But, it looked like maybe their advice had sunk in.
Lia undid the messy knot her hair was in, and let her honey golden locks loose. She whipped her head around, and somehow, her hair settled in a perfectly styled manner around her shoulders. "Hey. Betcha she didn't pack a lunch, or anything. Wanna go out and buy her one? In celebration?"
"You don't believe her." Harold put the phone down. Lia rolled her eyes.
"It's not that. Well, mostly not that. But you know how she is. Maybe she thinks it's a real job with a paycheck and everything, but isn't candy striping, like, volunteer work?" She shrugged. "I just wanna make sure she's okay. And, y'know, fed for the night."
Harold sighed, and stood up from the easy chair. "Guess I'd better get dressed then." He gestured at his sweatpants and Tshirt ensemble. He knew better than to argue with Lia, she'd already put her hair down, that meant she'd made a decision.
Half an hour later, they made a turn onto an old, two lane highway out in the sticks somewhere. Harold had done so at his phone's command, they'd never been out this side of town before.
"A half a mile to your destination, on the left." The polite robot explained from Harold's lap.
"There's a hospital out here?" Lia mused. "I'd have never guessed."
"Assuming our dear daughter typed it out correctly," Harold said. "Maybe we shoulda got some fast food or something before we drove out here."
"Or coffee. Betcha she'd appreciate some coffee."
Harold murmured his assent. The sun was low on the horizon, and Blue had said she'd be out past midnight... A long night ahead of her. Well, on the first day on the job, she'd probably be too busy for much of a coffee break.
They pulled into a gravel parking lot, a few cars and trucks scattered about randomly. More trucks than cars. The building in front of them was single story, wood sided, and wide. There was a concrete porch skirting it, the flat roof extending its reach by a few feet to make a kind of porch in front. Centered above the two doors to this windowless building was a neon sign. "County Line Hot-Spot." A shapely caricature of a woman winked at them in pink and blue neon lines.
"This isn't a hospital." Harold was coasting towards the building, gravel popping under his tires.
"It is not." Lia agreed.
"I think it's a strip club."
"You think?" Lia blinked, her eyes forward. "Let me see that text she sent you."
Harold pulled the car next to another one, and stopped. He handed his phone to Lia.
"Dadd, godd news!! (Various emojis.) I gots me a job! I start 2nght. I'm gonna be striping at the county line hospital (Address.) Their reelly nice here and will show me what to do. Do nt' (exact spelling) wait up for me won't be home until past too. I gotta put my phone in a lokker now, so I cant text back. Love u! (More emojis.)"
Lia sighed. "She's astripper.Not astriper. Big difference, Harold."
"How the heck was I supposed to know that?"
She handed his phone back. "I don't know. Hotspot became hospital, striping became stripping. There's so many errors in that text I can't make head or tail of what was autocorrected and what was her actual intent without context. Like... Why did she send you three camels and a purple smiley face? The girl's an enigma."
"And, apparently, an adult entertainer now." His forehead came to rest on the steering wheel. He could hear Lia grinding her teeth next to him.
A long silence ensued. Harold became aware of the extra large gentleman outside of the front door eyeing them. The guy was six foot seven, easy, and had arms that looked like jostling hams crossed in front of him, under a dark beard. Bouncer, probably.
Lia was the one who spoke first. "Well. Nothing wrong with the sex industry, per se."
"Right. Just wish it wasn'tmydaughter."
"Well, of course. But I wonder if she knows what she's getting into."
"Doubt it. She gets into this car all the time, still calls it a 'Sulu-boo.'" He patted the steering wheel, gestured to the printed Subaru logo in its center. "What can we do about it?"
"Not much." The grinding noise started up again. Another car pulled into the parking lot behind them, an older man in a long sleeved checked shirt and jeans marched to the front door. The man of meat exchanged words with him, and opened the door into a black hole. Music was briefly heard. Harold thought he recognized Brittney Spears.
"Harold, I'm having an idea."
He glanced at her without moving his head. He was wary of her tone, it suggested violence.
"Let's talk it out, before we do anything stupid."
She nodded. "Right. Well." She swallowed audibly. "So. We go in."
"We go- no. Nope." He shook his head.
"No, listen. If we go in and show her support, and this is something she's good at, then we're good parents."
"Of a stripper."
"Good, regardless. If we go in and our presence makes her rethink her decisions, then, also, we're good parents."
"I think I see what you're getting at." He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. "I don't think she could possibly do... That. In front of us."
"That's my hope. It's also the only thing we can do tonight, that might keep her from making this a career." Lia unbuckled her seatbelt. "Got any cash on you? I bet this establishment doesn't accept credit cards."
The man-mountain of meat eyed them harder as they walked closer. "Couple, huh? Been a bit since we had a couple out here. Ten bucks a head."
Harold passed him a single bill.
"Ayup. First time, I'm betting. No touching the girls with your hands. Girls may touch you, that's different. Tip the dancers by offering them money from behind the divider. They'll come to you to collect. Lap dances are thirty bucks, don't let the girls tell you differently. You can tip 'em more, if ya want, though. Private room is five hunnert an hour. ATM is by the restrooms. Barkeep will make change. Mistreat the girls and you deal with me. I'm Gary, by the way." He held out a hand after making the twenty disappear.
"Harold," he said, putting his hand into the giant paw that engulfed his.
"Lia," she squeaked, and her eyes got big when she saw how big his hand was in comparison to hers.
"Nicetameecha. Y'all have a fun time." And the slab of meat opened a thick steel door, a bumping beat blasted their face, along with a frigid breeze from inside. There was a small hallway leading to their right, painted black wood paneling that turned a corner up ahead. Christmas lights lined the top of the walls, only one in three bulbs lit up.
Lia clutched Harold's arm as they walked in. The music was loud, but they'd been subjected to much louder back in their club hopping days. Voices could be heard whooping over the thick bass beat. They turned the corner, and saw the whole club at once.
There was one stage, at the far end of the room, two poles and a runway between them. The stage was set back from the clientele by an upholstered railing, waist high, about two feet away from the raised platform. The rest of the establishment was small tables, two chairs at each, all facing the stage, and a couple of large, circular booths. The bar was on their right as they entered, a barkeeper roughly the size and shape of a small bull squatting in its center. The signs for the restrooms were plainly marked just over where the bar ended.
The place was somewhat sparsely populated at this hour, a dozen or so men clustered around the stage, another half dozen or so sipping beers alone at their tables. The girl on stage was shimmying near a pole, ignoring the hands outstretched with green bills thrusting at her. She hooked her thumbs into the straps of her top, and lowered it, while moving her hips in time to the music.
"Wow." Lia said. "She's. Um. Talented."
"Top-heavy, you mean. Looks like she might fall over."
"Y'all wanna drink?" The bull snorted next to them.
"Oh. Um. Just a beer for me." Harold said. He pulled out another twenty from his wallet.
"Just. Um, a coke." Lia pointed to an open table, she started moving over to it.
"Comin' right up."
Harold rejoined her a moment later, a large mug of beer in one hand, a much smaller glass of soda with cherries skewered atop it in the other.
Lia stared at the stage. The girl was moving around, collecting tips in creative ways. She took one gentleman's hand by the wrist, and guided it down, to allow him to tuck cash into her underwear. Another hand became encased between two melon sized breasts, when it withdrew, the money stayed behind. She inclined her head. "Ever been in one of these places before?"
"Not since Skyler's bachelor party." Skyler was his younger brother, who'd become rather suddenly engaged to be married two weeks out of basic training. Four years later, he'd been just as suddenly divorced. The bachelor party had been planned by his new friends in the army, it was somewhat raucous. Harold didn't remember much from the night, he'd been new to drinking and had passed out early.
"Fascinating," Lia said, and kept her eyes front. "That girl has a dozen guys just eating out of her hand. Kinda empowering."
Harold nodded, and sipped his beer. "Balances out the objectification, I guess."
Lia glanced at him. "I'm trying to bright-side things here."
"Sorry."
The song ended, and the girl scooped crumpled bills from the stage, stuffed them in a plastic Walmart bag, and left via a beaded curtain.
"Give it up for Sapphire, gents. She'll be out on the floor in a few minutes. Next, coming to the stage is a favorite of yours, I know, back after a little stay in county... Everyone, welcome Jasmine!" The announcer was unseen, and sounded a bit bored. The sound system was crap, too, distorting his voice into a deep bass crackle.
The new girl was less spectacularly endowed, but was heavily tattooed. She entered the stage with bounce and pep as a fast song played. Jasmine leapt for the nearest pole and twirled around it with practiced ease. A few of the loners at the tables went up to the divider, digging in their pockets.
Lia nudged him. Harold raised an eyebrow. "What did he mean, out on the floor?"
"I think she comes out and sells lap dances." He shrugged. "I'm guessing."
"Oh." She took a swig of her coke, put it down hastily, coughing.
"Careful, there's cherries in it."
"And rum. A lot of rum." She wiped her mouth with a napkin.
"Ah. I wondered why our drinks were seventeen dollars." He moved his hand towards her glass. "I can get you something else..."
She shook her head. "Nope. Just wasn't expecting it. I'll finish this one." She took his hand, though, and gave it a squeeze. "This is kinda fun."
Harold frowned at her. "Oh? What part?"
She gestured broadly. "Beats the usual bar entertainment we see."
"Huh." He was going to ask if she was enjoying the view, when Sapphire emerged from a black curtained door just behind them he hadn't seen.
"Hi guys! H'aint seen y'all round here before. Y'all doin' okay?" The Texas drawl was deep in her voice, despite them being hundreds miles from that particular state. Sapphire was actually dressed now, although the dress and tights combo didn't leave much to the imagination. She put a hand on Lia's shoulder and leaned in close.
Harold watched his wife get hypnotized by the ample cleavage on display. Her ogling was a new behavior to him, she seemed to be noticing breasts for the first time, like a teenage boy would. "I think we're doing fine," he answered, since Lia's slack jaw wasn't making words at the moment. "We did just get here. Caught the tail end of your dance, very impressive."
"Aw, ain't y'all sweet. I ain't exactly the hottest or the youngest around here, so that's nice to hear." She straightened her back, and Lia's head moved quickly away from eye contact with the deep valley. She shook herself, and followed up with a swig of her cola.
"Miss Sapphire, could I ask you a question?" Harold watched her jiggle as she moved herself around the table. Those things were mesmerizing, close up, always shifting, always in motion. It took effort to find her kindly brown eyes framed by blonde hair with dark roots, but Harold made the effort.
"Anything you wanna ask me, you go right ahead, sugar."
"Well, we came here looking for someone in particular. About yay high, blue hair?"
Lia blinked rapidly and swung her head back to Harold, like she'd forgotten why they were here. Her face said,oh, that's right, an easy expression for Harold to read out of the corner of his eye while he focused on Sapphire.
"You mean that little girl that just started? Blue, I think, is her name, just like her hair. She's awful cute. Well, if she's who you came to see, good news... She's up next." Sapphire turned her head, the bull had snorted behind them. "Oh, you'll hafta excuse me, my husband wants to talk." She twiddled fingers at them as she walked to the bar.
Harold looked to his wife. She seemed slightly dazed, more so than two sips of rum and coke should have produced. "Did you hear her?" He asked.
She nodded vaguely. "Did yousmellher?" Was her response. Harold was confused. He shook his head.
"What-"
"God, she smelled good. Sweaty, and... Mmm. Something else..." She took another long pull off her drink. "Hm." Harold opened his mouth to respond, but the announcer took over the PA as the song faded out.
"And there goes Jasmine. Hate to see ya go, but love watching you walk away, right guys? And girl, I see we have a lady in the audience today. Well, lady and gentlemen, we have a treat for you today, but be gentle, it's her first time up on this here stage. Put your hands together and get 'cher money out... Heeeere's Bluuue!"
The beaded curtain parted and out walked their daughter. She was dressed in a halter top, purple and black, with a matching scrap of fabric that might pass for a dress on bottom. She was barefoot, and clutching her hands in front of herself, a knot of knuckles just below her waist. Her blue hair curled at her jawline and she smiled nervously, for a split second. Then the music started, and the girl exploded into fluid grace.
Harold had no idea she was capable of moving like that. Her arms seemed to lack bones, her legs moved like pistons. She'd picked a Marilyn Manson song, something he remembered from his pirated CD days, before music streaming had made every song available all at once. She twirled and sprung across the stage, a sequence that ended with a somersault, her knees open, her heels on the edge of the stage. Bright white panties peeked out from under the purple skirt as she tumbled, shone in the spotlight again as she arched her back and reversed the somersault.
Men thrust fistfuls of cash at her. Lia gasped. Harold was holding his breath. Sapphire, all the way over at the bar, let out an audible 'wow.'
Blue was back on her feet, another twirl left a scrap of fabric drifting down to the stage. When she held a pose for a beat, they could see she'd lost the halter top, was barely covered by a bikini, black triangles standing in stark relief on her pale breasts. She giggled, put a hand up to cover her smile, and moved again, bending to kiss a guy's hand before removing a ten dollar bill from it. He immediately dug in his pocket for a replacement, but she had done a flying kick over to the other side of the stage. She grabbed the pole en route, and spun around on it for a moment.
When her bare feet hit the floorboards again, she made her first awkward movement, the catch on her 'skirt' was being stubborn. Then that fell away, and she slowed her movements, letting everyone see her form in panties and maybe two square inches of black fabric covering her b-cups.
Blue followed her slow movements with a quick cartwheel, once again bending to collect a crisp green bill with a smile, her fingertips dragging along the man's arm from the shoulder to his wrist. She knelt in front of the man, and danced on her knees for a bit, writhing and moving towards the next fist thrust at her. She stopped in front of the guy, and looked down at his offering. She toyed with the cord of her bikini, twanging the taut bow like a guitar string. She wiggled her eyebrows at him. Hastily, he dug in his pocket, and produced another slip of green. Harold was close enough to recognize Ben Franklin's portrait.
She took both bills from him, and gently moved his hand, bringing it between her breasts. She nodded at him, and his face erupted in a grin. She pulled herself back, and he held onto the string she'd put in his fingers. He took her top in his fist, raising it over his head like a prize. Another man slapped him on his back and laughed.
Now topless, Blue bounced atop the stage, glee on her face as she let her breasts fly around. She spun, and stopped on her knees in front of someone else, scoring another greenback with a gentle stroke of the man's beard.
Harold remembered to breathe. He sucked in cool air like he'd been drowning. Maybe he had been, kind of. Seeing his daughter topless was an odd mix of emotions for him. Pride, because she was gorgeous. How had he managed to produce something so beautiful? Awe, due to the grace with which she danced, her fluid movements drawing the eye to her supple, lean body. And, the hardest one to deal with?Lust.He'd met Lia when she was nineteen, and although his soon to be wife's beauty had struck him nearly dumb at the time, even then-Lia couldn't hold a candle to Blue's incredible body. He let his eyes roam across her chest, noting the way her breasts stayed firm and perky against everything gravity threw at them. He marveled at the taut muscles in her thighs, the ample curves of her ass.
Lia let out a moan beside him. He turned his head, not wanting to tear his eyes away from Blue, but something had shifted in his peripheral vision. Sapphire had come up behind them, and was pressing those fleshy pillows into the back of Lia's neck. Lia's eyes were closed and her head lolled into the cushioning. Sapphire's hand lit on his shoulder.
"I see why you came to see her. She's somethin'." And even Sapphire's eyes became glued to the stage as Blue swung from one pole, lit for a step on the floorboards, and fluttered up and onto the other one, flipping upside down in the process.
"Yeah, she is." Lia whispered. She'd opened her eyes, and was looking back at the stage. Harold just nodded agreement, and remembered to breathe again.
Blue flipped back right side up, and regarded the men at her feet. She smiled a crooked grin, and put her thumbs in the waistband of her panties. She asked them with her eyes if she should take them off. The men wholeheartedly shouted their assent, double fisting money at her. Then her eyes scanned the rest of the room, and they locked onto Harold's.
Her movement froze, her jaw dropped. Lia whimpered. Harold's mouth, already dry, felt desiccated, shriveling inward on itself. He forced himself to smile at her, and his hand went up in a tiny wave.
Blue lifted one hand from her panties, and waved back, her face went from shocked to the grin he remembered from when she was five and she'd snuck a box of cookies into her room for storytime. Guilty, slightly, but mostly unashamed. Then she kept her eyes on their table, and used her other hand to push the waistband down to her thigh on one side, her mound peeking at them from the stretched elastic.
She did a quick spin, and bent over, peeking at them from between her knees, and her other hand got to the white fabric and pulled it down to level with the other side. Her bare butt flashed at them, an almond shaped wedge of darker folds popped into view. She stood, snapped her heels together, and the panties fell to the ground. Another bend at the waist and she held them out on a pinkie finger, looking down at her supplicants and their offerings.
She picked one, and put the undergarments on his wrist as she pulled back three bills from his hand. Then she twirled and danced, naked, as the song wound down. She picked up her loose currency, took a bow, and ran back through the curtain, a wad of green at her chest.
The whole club was silent for a long, long moment. Then the men erupted in cheers and applause, and Harold joined them.
"Fuck me," Sapphire said. "First time on stage my ass. That girl has practiced."
Harold thought about it. Her room was next to the garage... A similar space to the stage, since he'd refinished his workshop side with wood floors, and... Had she been using his support rods like stripper poles? They were secure enough...
"Well, folks, that was something, wasn't it?" The MC sounded out of breath. "We're gonna all take a second to recover... Um, little miss Blue will be making the rounds here in a bit, and you all know Crystal... She'll be up on stage here shortly."
Harold could hear sounds from the door behind him. Sounded like cheering, and whoops of excitement. There was a sudden mass movement, as most of the patrons of the club fled to the restrooms. Or the ATM nearby, probably.
One man returned to his table, and sat down heavily, reaching for a half full glass of beer. White fabric was wound around his wrist, and he lifted it to his face as he put the empty glass back down. Harold watched the guy breathe deeply from his daughter's panties, and resisted the sudden urge to run over there and tear them off his arm. Not out of jealousy or protectiveness, he wanted them for himself.
Lia put a hand on his knee, startling him. "Harold. Change of plans."
He turned to look at her. Sapphire had wandered away, but his wife's face was flushed, her grip on his leg firm. "She'll be fine here. I think she might have found her calling."
"That was amazing," Harold agreed. If she'd move her hand up a couple of inches on his thigh, his wife would run into just how amazing he thought it was. He wasn't sure she'd react favorably to his reaction to Blue's display... Heck, he wasn't sure he knew what to think about that hot rod of desire along his thigh, either. So he didn't twitch under her grasp, and let her do the talking.
"It was. And... Harold? Do you think..." She bit her lip and looked embarrassed. "Would it be all right with you if I bought a lap dance?" She flinched after she spoke, like she was expecting a blow. "I just... I think, um, that maybe I'd really like it. And you'd probably like to watch me get one. Um, with Sapphire, y'know, not with Blue. Of course not with Blue. I... um. And you can have one. Oh, not with Blue, but with anyone else, I won't get jealous, I promise. I just really think that maybe I should, um, for... Um, for..." Her rapid fire words trailed off, her free hand twirled in the air, looking for more words.
Harold supplied some for her. "For... Science?"
That made her giggle. "Yes, exactly. For science."
His hand covered hers on his leg. "Sweetheart, I'll buy you as many as you want tonight. Heck, we can rent that private room... Or I'll pay for just you, I'll go sit in the car." Utterly amazing to him, how his boring conventional marriage had flipped topsy turvy in just over an hours' time, from the moment he'd misread a text... Small things have big changes. Lia's face was turning hungry with desire in a way he hadn't seen since before they'd been married, and he wanted to see her let herself loose, a bit. Funny, he'd never had an inkling that she might be into other girls before tonight. He was pretty sure, judging from her reactions, that it had never crossed her mind either. But, he thought, what man wouldn't jump at just the possibility of another girl in his bed, alongside his wife?
She finished her drink, and he finished his, and he went to the restroom, and stopped off at the ATM. He didn't flinch at the twenty dollar ATM fee, nor did he flinch when he withdrew the limit on his card for the day, twelve hundred dollars. Harold ordered them new drinks, and sat back at the table in time to see Crystal make her entrance to the stage. She floated along to a slow song, and her dreamy striptease was hard to look away from.
He pressed a few bills into his wife's hand. "All fives and tens. The guy at the bar said they don't have singles. That's fifty, I have more, if you need it." Lia nodded and scanned the room, looking for the twin pillows of Sapphire. She saw her, astride a man in a corner, 'dancing' for him, if that was the word. Her top was down, and she was grinding him with a purpose, his face hidden by mounds of flesh. Once Lia pointed her out to Harold, he could hear her moans over the music. She was either gonna get off, or she was doing a fine performance of faking it.
Jasmine walked out from behind them, gave the couple a quick glance and a sneer, and walked over to someone else, someone she knew, judging by the 'long time, no see,' she cooed at him.
Other people were coming in the weird, blind hallway. Just a trickle, but it was plain that the night was just getting started, and the place was going to fill up.
Harold watched, his eyes jumping between Crystal's dance and Sapphire's impending orgasm. Soon he added Jasmine's grind into the rotation, he was at least beginning to learn what to expect from a lap dance now... Simulated, damn near, sex, with the male's hands firmly gripping the seat under him, and the woman doing a lot to facilitate both of them getting satisfaction. Jasmine was using a hand in between herself and her partner, hard to say if she was self stimulating or rubbing his member through his pants.
Crystal's song ended, and in the silence, Harold saw Jasmine make a quick motion, and heard a zipper fly open. Her eyes glanced quickly around the room, he guessed what she was doing wasn't strictly within the guidelines of the club. No one seemed to notice but him, though, and Jasmine continued her dance astride the man.
The announcer said goodbye to Crystal and promised more girls would be out in a moment. Expectantly, Harold looked to the dark curtained door behind them. When he did, Lia came into sharp focus again. He saw doubt in her eyes, a flush on her cheeks. She caught his head movement and locked her gaze on him.
"Um. Maybe not? I think we might be moving too fast. Or they are." Her eyes cut to Jasmine, who was shedding the pretense of dance. She was clearly riding on a hidden pole, and as he watched, she leaned back and it wasn't hidden any more. The guy's cock was buried in between her thick, juicy lips, her bikini bottom pushed aside. Her breasts bounced with every upward stroke, lightly slapping his face on the downward ones.
Sapphire cried out, her nearly bare butt quivering atop her dance partner. She dismounted, thanked him with a smile, and accepted more money before she swayed back towards the bar.
"I see what you mean." Harold turned back to Lia. "This place is turning into a bit more than a strip club."
She nodded, and her hand found his under the table.
"It's a special occasion, is all." Sapphire had apparently overheard their hushed conversation. She lingered for a moment by their table, all innuendo gone from her voice. She fairly glowed with sweat. "See that guy under Jaz, there? He's a state cop. She got picked up for prostitution, and he made the charges disappear. So he's collecting payment." She put a hand on their table, and leaned on it heavily. "And if he's here, ain't no other statie within a hundred miles of here. Nobody else has jurisdiction out here... So, we get a rare night of being as bad as we wanna be."
"It's not usually like this?" Harold asked.
Sapphire shook her head. "Nope. And won't like to be again for a long while. Enjoy it while it lasts." And she wobbled off, back through the curtain behind them.
Lia still looked doubtful, but the telltale crease between her brows had eased. Over her shoulder, the curtain hadn't stopped swirling when Harold overheard Sapphire's drawl exclaim in delight.
"Whell, doncha both took downright adorable! Lemme squeeze past ya, here, momma needs a shower. Just rubbed one out on Bill Dickson!"
"Good for you, 'Fire. Billy's the, um, biggest regular." A new voice explained. "He's a good tipper, too."
"Oh," another voice said. "You'll have to point him out."
"Bye, girls. I'll be back out in five." Sapphire's voice was getting fainter. "Hey, and tell Gerry to turn up the AC, I shouldn't be sweating that much on the customers."
With a giggle, two girls popped out of the curtained door. One was tall, long legged and busty, dressed in a coppery swimsuit that matched her shoulder length hair. She had an easy smile on her face, and bright blue eyes. The other one was shorter, and curved in delightful ways. She was dressed in a blue teddy set, see through and lacy, that matched the color of her own short hair.
The coppertop gestured out at the floor, turning to the blue-haired girl. "See anyone you like?"
Harold tried not to goggle at Blue. Her wide eyes took in the whole of the floor, and touched his face last. Her mouth curved up. The other girl noted the direction of her smile, and looked the couple over.
"Oo, perfect!" The taller girl approached their table. "Hi, I'm Sindee. With an ess. And this is our new girl, Blue. We'd like to make you an offer." Lia jumped like she'd been scalded, and Harold saw her eyes rake the redhead from top to bottom, and then back up. Blue, taking a position behind Sindee, put a finger over her mouth and looked a little excited. Harold interpreted that as a signal not to reveal they knew her.
Lia did too. "Oh! Oh, um. Huh. Sure. Sindee, is it? What's the offer?"
"Well, for educational purposes, I'd like to offer you two a free lap dance. Since it's gotta be supervised and all structured and whatnot, we don't feel right charging when a girls got her training wheels on." Sindee stepped away from Blue, and framed her with her palms like a model on a gameshow showing off a prize. "She's a cutie, isn't she? But she learns real quick, this one. So likely, this'll be her only free dance, ever. Going once?"
Harold figured that the silence lasted maybe three seconds, later. Objectively. Subjectively, time seemed to slow, and hours passed in the space of a fluttering heartbeat. He took in Lia's smile switching to shock, Blue's eyes going from excited and happy to frightened. Her lips pursed, her hands flew together, almost in prayer, and the word 'please' ran across them. Sindee held her frozen smile, her game show pose, and while all this was going on, Harold's mind did backflips.
Say yes.
Can't won't that's my daughter
See that? She said please. Please say yes. She wants you to.
Can't won't she means something else gotta be something else
Like what? Look at her. She's practically begging.
What about Lia there's no way she'd
Oh? Look at her. See that surprise turn into a grin? Better hurry or she's gonna beat you to it.
Nononono
Not that that would be a bad thing. Watching the two of them. Dance.
Oh god oh god you're right but I can't I can't
Your loss. But just saying, it's a single syllable. Just push air out your mouth, I'll do the rest.
Harold clamped his lips shut. Lia was shaping hers, the o of surprise flattening out into some kind of word. Blue's 'please' turned into the open mouth of anticipation, her chest swelling with her intake of breath. Her eyes shone, and there was color in her cheeks that hadn't been there a second ago. They flickered between Lia and Harold, as if she was trying to look at them both at the same time.
Lia said a word, and time resumed its normal flow. The word was, "Okay."
Sindee's grin turned up a few notches, dimples in her cheeks appearing. "All right. Glad you said yes, it's harder to train with women. We usually just practice dancing with each other."
Harold made a noise behind his tight lips. The image of those two practicing the kind of dancing he was seeing out here was almost too much for his self control. Whether his daughter was part of it or not, Sindee was exactly his type. Long legs, pert breasts, a scattering of freckles, and an easy smile... The thought of those long legs wrapping around another woman's creamy skin was intense.
Sindee took a step forward. "So... I'm gonna go first, lead by example. It'll be like you're getting two for one. Ready?"
Harold looked to Blue, saw her wide eyes and parted lips, bending to the side at her waist to get a good view. He looked to Lia, and saw her trembling jaw, her pulse beating in her neck. "I think so. This is going to be educational for both of us... I've never had a lap dance before." He was glad she was doing the talking, her voice was steadier than his would be.
"Alright, Blue, come stand... here." Sindee pointed, and moved in front of Lia. She glanced behind her, and scooted the table back with a bump of her hip. "There we go. Some room to work. First time, huh? What's your name, pretty lady?"
"Lia," she gasped, as Sindee crossed her wrists behind her neck.
"Lia. That's pretty. No, keep your knees together. Like that. And, hi." Sindee was sitting in her lap, their noses almost bumping. That greeting was intimate, and both girls smiled, one nervously, one wantonly. "And... Um. Girls don't hafta grip the sides of the chair like that. Guys get grabby. Girls get cuddly. Go ahead." Lia's hand trembled as it rose up and caressed an outer thigh.
Harold caught his wife's look, not directed at him, of delight and desire. He watched her hand cup gently the redhead's butt.
"Mm. Like it?"
Lia nodded, her lower lip caught on her teeth. There was some music drifting from across the club, at a much lower volume than when the girls danced on the stage. Sindee began moving her hips to the beat.
Blue licked her lips. Sindee turned her head to her pupil.
"See, with girls, it's easy. Let em rub, let em kiss." She looked back to Lia. "You can kiss them." She arched her back up, moving her face away from the older woman's and presenting her chest. Harold broke into a light sweat as Lia opened her lips and left a wet mark on the side of Sindee's freckled mounds. He'd only started fantasizing about this sort of thing just a few minutes ago, but the sight very much exceeded his expectations. Lia chased the pale breast as Sindee gyrated atop her, kissing and licking the soft flesh with enthusiasm. "Like that. And you move, like this." Her hips swung, back and forth, side to side. "You wanna get fancy..." Sindee put her knees on the sides of the chair and lifted her whole body. "You can do some little tricks. But practice these first, they're complicated." One leg extended over Lia's shoulder, and Lia's blonde head ducked down, Sindee's hand behind it, pulling her forward. Harold couldn't see very well, the redhead's leg blocked his view. Sindee's little gasp was giving him a guess as to what was going on, though.
Blue's eyes were wide, her mouth open as she breathed through it. Those eyes were focused on the gap between the two women. They flicked up to Harold, and just the corners of her mouth twitched up. Then she went back to her view.
"Of course, getting back down from here is a trick in and of itself." Sindee was limber, though, and managed a slow return to just sitting and wiggling in Lia's lap. Lia's chest moved rapidly, her eyes were half lidded, and her nostrils flared.
"Oh, and you hafta touch your client, almost forgot." Lia yelped as Sindee's hands clamped just under her chest. "Sorry, I didn't mean to move so fast."
"Itsokay." Lia panted. "Goahead."
Sindee lifted her hands, and filled them with Lia's ample breasts. Lia filled the air with her moan. "Oh, and see this? No, down here, Blue. Squeeze one leg, then the other, get a good rocking motion going. Rub everything together, and keep it all nice and tight..." She trailed off as Lia's noise rode in pitch. "...doesn't work for all the girls. But this one likes it. Don't you, Lia?"
"Ohyesido." Her hand flattened out, making a starfish on Sindee's back.
"Mm, yes you do... While you're back there, feel that string? You can untie it, if you want..." Lia fumbled, and her hand looked confused.
Harold leaned forward. "I got it for you, dear." The copper bikini loosened, became not much more than a necklace. Sindee winked over her shoulder at him and raised herself up a little. Lia's moans got muffled.
"Such a nice, helpful man you've got there, Lia. You're not going to mind when I give him the same treatment, are you?" A muffled sound. "Good. Geese and gander, am I right?" Nnnf. "What's his name?" Hmmfld. "Don't talk with your mouth full, baby."
There was a pop, a hasty intake of breath. "Harold. Hisnameis Harold and heswonderful."
"I bet. Say his name again."
"Haaarrooold." A moan, a plea.
"Now say mine."
"Ssss-" A gasp interrupted her. "SIN-deeee." Her voice quavered on the last syllable.
Sindee bent her head, and caught Lia's ear. There was a whispered sentence Harold couldn't hear. Lia shook her head. Another whisper, and a nod. "Please," Lia said. "Oh, god, please."
Sindee smiled and a hand slipped between her and Lia. Then there was a sharp gasp from his wife, and Harold watched her face stretch in a familiar way. Sindee covered her open mouth with hers, and muted her moans.
Lia's heels drummed on the floor. The chair shook. Then Sindee was standing up, and retying her top. "And that's how you dance for a girl. The basics, anyways. You got it?"
Blue's head went up and down, her jaw open.
"Okay. Well, I was gonna see if you could take her over the top, but she asked so nicely... Let's give her a minute to rest. Harold? Are you ready?"
Harold lifted his chair, angled it away from the table and towards his wife's melted form. "Oh, yes."
Sindee took a wide step across his legs, and settled herself face to face with him. "Hands down, mister. I'm sure you're a nice guy, but we can't break the rules on a training run." He gripped the sides of the chair. Seemed to be a bar he could hold onto, something extra added to a standard chair design.
Sindee wiggled a little, the new song playing had a faster tempo. "Blue, right here, please. Thank you."
"That was a lot of fun to watch. You're amazing." Harold kept his eyes on Sindee, despite Blue's body taking up all of his side vision.
"Oh, thank you. How long have you two been together?"
"Twenty years."
"And this is your first time doing anything like this?"
"Mmhmm." He looked up into the redhead's eyes, she looked down at him with a little mischievous grin.
"Nice. Better late than never. I think this might be the start of all kinds of fun for the two of you."
"I hope so."
"Me too. Kay, let me lay down some instructions. Blue, are you paying attention?"
"Uh huh."
"Good. Guys like eye contact. And other kinds of contact." She rose up, brushed the inner sides of her breasts across his cheeks. "Start slow, and get heavier as you go." This time, they brushed his lips. She put her arms behind his neck, and pressed her chest into his. He felt her breath next to his ear. "Poor guy. I can tell, you're all bent out of shape down there. Let me straighten you up." She whispered. He gasped as her hand drifted down his side, tucked between them for a moment, and aligned his member with his zipper. Then her hand returned to his neck.
She glanced at Blue. "Did you see what I did there?" A pause, Harold couldn't tell what Blue did, she was hidden by a mass of red hair. "Most guys will have themselves all lined up first... But sometimes you have to help a little." She giggled. "It's not strictly allowed, so try to hide it if you hafta adjust something."
She lifted herself again, and put one copper covered nipple near his lips, then the other. Then she seated herself directly on his shaft and started a motion he quite enjoyed. She said something he didn't catch.
To be fair, he tried to follow the conversation, but the roaring in his ears and the flesh in his face pretty quickly eclipsed everything else. He lost himself in a sea of sensation, and didn't know how long his head was underwater until he surfaced to take a deep breath, much later.
Sindee had leaned back, he guessed to give him a good view of herself. She'd undone her top again, black threads holding metallic triangles loose on her chest. He licked his lips, tasted lotion and salt on them. She looked to his right. "So, because they kinda staple themselves to the chair, they're more stable... So you can do things like this." Her hands closed on his, gripping the bars along the side of the seat. Then there was a little blur, and suddenly, her knees were around his ears, her heels crossed behind his head. Then a wedge of metal colored fabric approached his face, and a sweaty, delicious odor took over his sense of smell. His lips touched the bikini bottoms, his cheeks squeezed by firm, pale thighs.
She made a squeak when he tongued the hint of a slit in front of his face. "Hey, now, that's distracting. I'm trying to teach here. Oh, all right, just a little." He looked down her flat belly, past the swells of her breasts, to see her face down by his knees. She smiled, and used her calves to pull his face into her pelvis. He opened his mouth and used his tongue hard against the gusset of the fabric that covered the source of the tantalizing smell. Sindee squealed, then moaned.
"Mmm. He knows what he's doing." Then his treat was taken away, slipping down his chest, as the redhead righted herself. "But we're not here for me, are we?"
"Can be." Harold said. "Happy to help a girl out."
"Oh, so sweet. You get a kiss for that." She leaned into him, and bore down on his lap as she met her lips to his, and tangled his tongue with hers. "But that's all from me." And suddenly, Harold's front was cold, as she abruptly stood. "Your turn."
Harold's breath caught. He looked over at Blue, who looked surprised. Sindee, ever helpful, took the girl by the shoulders, and put her down on her father's lap.
She sat there, frozen for a second. Then she looked down, and made a little mewl. He looked down, too, and saw the indentation in his pants lined up with the triangle of blue gauze between her legs. His mouth worked, opening and closing, but Harold had no idea what to say.
"Move those hips, girl. Like this." Sindee's hands pressed to Blue's hips, and they both made the same noise of surprise. Surprise mixed with pleasure.
"There, just like that. Now, lean in close."
Blue put her chin on Harold's shoulder. She whispered, softly. "Daddy."
"I'm sorry, baby." He said back.
"Don't be. Thanks for coming."
Harold stiffened. What had she said? Suddenly, it didn't matter anymore. She moved against him with purpose, and his brain stopped working on puzzles. Blue put her hands on his chest, and her belly undulated, she'd pulled her head back. "Harold, right?" She cooed. "How am I doing, Harold?" His name sounded strange to his ears, Blue halting a little before she said it, stressed the syllables oddly.
"Wonderful." Not what he'd intended to say. He was pretty sure he hadn't meant to say anything.
She cocked her head off to one side, and smiled at him. "Anything I can do better?"
He blinked. He had no notes.
The grin widened. "Oh, I know. Maybe I could..." Her eyes pointed to the ceiling, and her hand fiddled with the buttons on her teddy. "...take this off." The gauzy blue shift slipped from her shoulders, leaving a bra behind to upthrust her breasts at him. She took an extra long upstroke in her rhythm, and he found his face pressed between her creamy hills. Then they dropped away, and her warmth returned to his lap.
"Nice." Sindee commented, and picked up the teddy, folding it neatly on the table. Blue leaned close again.
"You feel good, daddy." She whispered, and placed little kisses on his neck. "Real good."
"You too, baby." He returned her little pecks.
Another quick lift put his nose into her cleavage, he kissed her there, too. Then she was back on his cock, and grinding them both closer to a peak. She leaned far back, and took a moment to twist her fingers at her chest. The bra sprung open from the front clasp. "There. Harold, how do you like these?"
"...beautiful..."
"Thank you." She was back close to him again, her chest pressing against his shirt. "I wish you weren't wearing that shirt. Bet it'd feel sooo gooood." She used her hands to press her breasts together. Then she did another pop up, and two pink icing nipples flicked against his lips. She was back down before he could react.
She looked at the expression on his face. "Oh. You wanted more? But if I do that, I can't keep doing this." An extra deep, slow grind against him to demonstrate. "Shame. So which one do you want?"
He gasped. "I don't..."
"Pick one. Tell me, my pussy or my tits? Which one?" She put her hands on his, and used the bars to bear down on him even harder.
"Your. P. Puss."
"Tell me, Harold." That odd stress on his name again.
"Pussy." He squeaked out.
"Didn't catch that."
"Pussy!"
"What about it?"
"I want your pussy!"
She grinned and slipped her lips up to his ear. "God, I've wanted you to say that for a while, daddy. I want your cock. Do you hear me, daddy?" She pulled back from his face and raised her voice. "I want your cock. Ugh! Just. Oh, fuck, I want these out of the way!" Her hands plucked his waistband. "Dammit. Dammit. Hold on." She rode him faster. "Oh, there. If I close my eyes. I can feel you. Feel you in me. Can you feel me? Please, I want you to. Feel as good as I dooo." Her pitch was rising. His breath was coming faster, picking up speed with her tempo.
She squeaked, and she opened her mouth wide, and she fell towards him, their lips met and she made it known just how good she felt, her breath and moans vibrating his cheeks. Then she calmed, slowed her hips, and closed her mouth, open enough to let his tongue in. She still rubbed him with her crotch, and he felt a spreading warmth between them, as they shared a long, tender kiss.
She pulled back. "Ohh... That was so good." She lifted her eyes to his, noted his expression, his breathing. "Shit! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you..."
He shook his head. "It's okay. I had just as much fun watching you."
She smiled ruefully, and put her hand to her mouth, the tip of her pinkie dipping into the corner of her mouth. "Doubt it. But it's nice to hear, anyway."
Sindee put a hand on her shoulder. "Happens. Sometimes we just get carried away. You need a minute?"
Blue nodded, and gingerly dismounted. She moved away, and Harold got to see Lia, sitting in her chair. On her face was a mixture of wonder, disbelief... and pure lust.
She tore her eyes from him, and downed her rum and coke in a single swallow, leaving a few half melted chunks of ice and cherries at the bottom. Then she looked back at him and raised one eyebrow. Well?
He slowly shook his head and smiled. Just you wait.
He looked down, his crotch was cold. There was a smear of wet along his zipper, dark fabric where Blue had been rubbing. She'd soaked through her panties and onto him. Harold was still gripping the sides of his chair, his fingers felt stiff as he unclenched them.
"So, I mean, really good for your first time. You didn't try to get all fancy, or do any tricks. That thing you did at the end, making him say what he wanted? Good stuff." Sindee was refastening Blue's bra as she gave her report. Blue re-stuffed herself into the cups properly, and the redhead handed her the teddy. "I think you're ready to go solo. I'll hang close, keep an eye on you for a bit..."
Blue was shaking her head. "No... We promised."
Harold caught Sindee's confusion. "Promised what?"
"Who. Her. Two for one, remember?" She pointed at Lia, and Harold saw her grin from the side.
"Oh. Oh, right. You do need to practice." Sindee bowed off to the side, extended an arm towards the blonde. "Quickly, though. They won't like us spending too much time over here, they'll make 'em buy a private room."
Blue minced little steps over to her mom's knees. She bent at the waist and leaned over to put her face to face with the older woman. "Unless you don't wanna." Harold again caught her grin, watched it morph into a silent 'please, mommy?' With wide eyes and rapid blinking.
"Um." Lia looked trapped, cut her eyes to Harold. He gave her a nod and a wink. "Sure. I mean, I just got my wind back."
Blue spread her knees, and took a step towards Lia, and instead of sitting on her lap, she just walked right up to her, putting her mom's nose about at her navel. Lia took a deep breath, and her eyes got wider, her nostrils flared. "You smell good," slipped from her lips. Harold barely heard it over the music.
"Oh? Hang on, got a little wedgie." Blue said, and fiddled with her underwear for a second. "There we go." Her hand transferred from her crotch to Lia's lips.
Lia opened her mouth, almost automatically, and Blue's finger landed on her tongue. She closed her mouth with a little moan. Blue slowly withdrew the finger, her eyes on Lia's. Harold watched his wife shudder, and her tongue slip out to flick her lips.
"Taste as good as it smells?" Blue asked. She had a bashful but playful tone, seemed to be blushing. Wide eyed, Lia could only nod her head. Her eyes somehow got wider when Blue straddled her legs and lowered herself into her mother's lap.
The girl paused for a moment, then leaned close to Lia's face, put her arms behind her head. Lia gripped the sides of the chair, white knuckled. "Okay," Blue said, "now... how do I..." Harold watched Blue's butt begin to rotate. "Hmm. Let's see. Hips like this." Lia moaned. "And touch like this." Lia made less a moan, and more of a grunt, as blue squeezed her breasts through her shirt and bra. "Oh, sorry, was that too hard?" Lia shook her head and stared at her daughter. "It was. Sorry. Here." Blue found her Mom's hands, pried them off the chair and brought them up to her own chest. Their fingers dug into the soft flesh, and Blue hummed. "Mmm. There, now we're even."
Harold tore his eyes away from the scene, as much as he didn't want to... But this was important. A single idea had surfaced in his addled brain, and he had decided to go through with it. He stood, and tapped Sindee on the shoulder. She blinked at Harold, seemingly having as hard a time as him in looking away from the girl's display.
"You said something about a private room?" He kept his voice low.
She blinked again, then lit up in a saleslady's practiced smile. "Why, yes, we offer a private room, starting at five hundred an hour. Comes with champagne and your choice of girl. Truly private, soundproofed, big comfy couch."
"And who do I talk to about getting one?"
"Well, me, for starters."
"And how much then, for the two of you?"
She looked startled. "Both? Um. No group discounts, I'm afraid."
He smiled, reached for his wallet. "One grand. Cash, I assume?"
She nodded. "Cash is preferred. You can use a credit card, but it takes a bit for our share to trickle over to us."
"What's your share?"
"The Beef Bros take one fifth. But any tips we earn in there are ours... No sharing, not like on stage."
"They take your tips? Sucks." He was counting twenties onto the table.
"Technically, we rent the stage from them. We're all self employed, see, and we can either pay a flat fee, or a percentage of tips. Usually it's cheaper to pay the percent..." She shrugged. "We usually make out alright."
"...and fifty. One thousand dollars, miss Sindee. For one hour alone with you two." He glanced up, saw the redhead's fake smile get bigger and more genuine.
"Thanks, Harold. This just made my night worth it." She winked at him. "Plus, I get to guide our new girl in private room etiquette. Not that there's much to learn there..." She scooped up the pile. "...anyways. let me go get this set up with Gerry and Gym."
"The Beef Bros?"
"And Gary, working the door. Be right back."
She left, towards the bar, and Harold returned his attention to the rest of his family, writhing together on a chair in front of him.
He could hardly see anything, except Blue's back and rump, Lia's knees and hands. Blue was just moving her hips, not in time to any music, and Lia was playing with the girl's short hair, both hands combing through the blue locks. Harold sat back down, and finished his beer, now warm and flat.
He glanced around the room. Some new girl was dancing on stage, a thin brunette with a distant gaze, swaying to her song and not much else. One hand grabbed a pole, almost like an afterthought. Jasmine and the state trooper were not in evidence, the chair they had occupied looking forlorn, away from other tables. The big room had filled up some, maybe forty men in attendance.
There were three ongoing lap dances, not counting the one Lia was receiving. Sapphire was leaning on the bar, talking to her husband, the bull shaped man. He was counting out a pile of cash while Sindee bounced on her toes beside him. Harold saw him look down at the money, and nod. "Room three," he grumbled, and took the stack of twenties in one giant hand, walked to the back of the bar and opened a small safe. Over his shoulder, he barked at Sindee, already in motion. "You know what to do. I'll tell Gym to get it ready."
Sindee said,"Yeppers," loud enough for him to hear, and she slowly walked back towards the three of them, though it looked like she wanted to skip. There was an odd bounce in her steps that Harold found very cute, like she was having to remind herself not to run. She stopped just behind Lia's chair, and put her hands behind her back. She twisted at her waist while waiting, a little half turn this way, then the other, trying to look prim and proper... A difficult task in a skimpy bikini.
Harold decided to come to her rescue, even though it meant interrupting family bonding time. He got up, and tapped Blue on the shoulder. She glanced up at him, a distant look in her eyes, then did a double take. "Da-?" She coughed. "I mean. Harold. Is there something I can do for you?" Her hand left Lia's chest, and touched his outer thigh. "Anything at all?" Her smile was hungry. Harold, despite himself, froze up and his mouth worked soundlessly.
Sindee leaned over and got Blue's attention. "Been a long dance, huh? C'mon, Blue, got something new for us to do." She held out a hand. Blue blinked, and looked down at her mom.
"Oh, sorry. I guess I gotta go."
Lia swallowed hard. "Yeah. Come back, if you can." The girls separated, their hands touching until Blue's gait took them apart.
Sindee caught Harold's eye and told him to wait here, someone would be along to collect them. Then she bustled Blue back behind the curtain, adding a final hand wave before the dark folds hid her.
Harold strained his ears, but the room was too noisy, if anything was said in the hallway he couldn't hear it.
Lia was sitting up, smoothing her blouse. She looked up at Harold, then darted her eyes to the floor. He shook his head. She was embarrassed? He grabbed his chair and pulled it closer to her.
She kept her face pointed at the ground. He saw a rush of color to her cheeks. Harold reached out and caught one of her fluttering hands.
"It's all right, baby."
"Isn't." Came the reply.
"Is too."
She sighed. "Is not... I... Harold, I don't know what's come over me. If I think about what I've done... But I can't think, not when either of them are close to me."
"Especially Blue." He was nodding. "But Sindee is pretty distracting, too."
"She is, but you're right... Blue is... Jesus, the things she said. What the hell is happening?" She looked around, still not meeting his eyes, but at least she wasn't studying the cheap carpet anymore.
"She probably said something similar to me." He put his other hand atop the one holding hers and gave her a long squeeze. Finally she met his eyes. "I don't think we noticed, but our little girl is all grown up. But... Although that's an issue, it's nottheissue."
She frowned at him. "What, then?"
"You. Just found something out about yourself tonight, didn't you?"
Her eyes turned guarded. "Um. Maybe."
"Maybe, my ass. You look like a teenager flipping through a playboy for the first time." He leaned close, pressed his forehead to hers. "You like girls."
He felt her nod, slowly. "Yeah. Yeah, I think I do."
He switched his forehead for his lips, kissed between her eyebrows. "Nothing to be ashamed of. How did you get this far without knowing, is what I'm curious about?"
She leaned away from him, but left her hand between his. "I don't know. Never had the opportunity. I guess."
"To even think about it?" Harold shook his head. "No locker room side-eyes? No experimenting in college?"
She shook her head. "Well. Locker rooms. Maybe. I was more admiring their underwear choices. I thought."
"No hugs with friends that lasted too long? No girl's nights out that got... Friendly?"
She chewed her lip. "Oh... Um." She fidgeted. "Now that you mention it."
"So... It's been a part of you for a while, you just hadn't put the pieces together."
Another slow nod, and she took a deep breath. "Sorry. I think I just... It's all happening so fast."
"Making up for lost time." He took a hand from atop hers, placed it on her knee. "I'm not mad. Far from it. Are you okay exploring this a little further tonight?"
"Further?" She blinked. "How far do you..."
"I just thought you'd like to spend a little more time with Sindee. You seemed to really like her."
She shivered. Her eyes locked with his. "Yeah? I think." She swallowed hard. "I think that would be nice."
"Do you mind if I'm there? Or do you two want some privacy?"
She shook her head. "No... You should be there. Harold... I liked watching you and Sindee. Really liked it. And Jasmine with that guy. And Sapphire with her guy. And you and Bl..." She hiccuped on her daughter's name, and studied the carpet for a moment. "I think that's something else I found out about myself tonight. I like watching."
"I found out something about myself, too." He looked around, made sure no one was paying attention to them. "I already knew I liked making you cum. Didn't know I liked watching someone else make you do it... I can really pay attention. I might even like it more." He took her eyes widening and her little gasp as a sign of encouragement. "We might have to explore that, too." He took a deep breath before he spoke again. "I mean. Not just little redheads. I think... Lia, baby. Can I watch you get fucked?" He studied her face closely, saw the new idea surprise her, then excite her.
She flushed, stammered a little. "O-Only. Oh God, I can't believe I'm saying this. Only if I can w-watch you." She whispered the next word. "Fuck." Another hitching breath. "Someone else."
"Deal." He'd never seen her this turned on. Now for the next little surprise. He decided to try to ease her into it.
"I also found out that our daughter loves us. Maybe more than is healthy... But she really loves us."
Lia nodded. "That look on her face when she saw us from the stage... She was so happy."
"And I also think she's quite a bit smarter than we give her credit for."
"Yeah, I'm getting that vibe, too. She still can't spell for shit, though."
They both chuckled. Harold went on. "So, she's showing us a different side now. I kinda want to see more of it."
She nodded again,"Yeah," and looked towards the ceiling. "But... You're right, she grew up while we weren't looking. And she's... God, she comes on hard. The second she's on your lap, and it's zero to sixty." She found his eyes with hers again. "Wish she'd let me get used to it. Ease me along a bit."
"I saw your face... You might think that's what you want, but you loved every moment of it." He shrugged. "Besides, I've had a minute or two to think. And I think we missed some subtle signs that this was coming. Like you missed other girls."
Lia looked surprised for a split second, then contemplative. "Hmm."
"You, too? Yeah, I think she tried to ease us in, and today, she just had to barrel through."
Lia barely nodded. "Christmas. Remember how she woke us up at Christmas, like she used to when she was a kid... We had to tell her she was too old for that kind of thing. She sulked all day."
Harold remembered his daughter in just a long nightie, giggling and laughing astride him as she tickled him. He remembered how warm she'd felt on top of him, where her hands had gone. He remembered Blue rolling off of him and onto Lia. He remembered the brief flash of her thighs when she moved, and his shock that she hadn't been wearing anything at all under that nightshirt.
He remembered putting it aside, as a little bit of whimsical fun, forgotten by the time he'd finished his coffee. "Huh. I'd forgotten. Do you remember the swimming pool this summer?"
Lia blinked. "Oh, yes. I remember how many times I offered to buy her a new suit, because her top kept coming off. And how often she'd bump into me without it..."
Harold squeezed her hand. "So, now we're putting the pieces together on that puzzle, too. Something else that's been around for a while, right under our noses, and we missed it."
"Doesn't seem nearly as shocking, once I realize she's been at it for a year, or so."
"So, now that you're past the shock... What are we going to do with her?" Harold chose his words carefully. He'd been shocked, too, when Blue had asked him to pick her tits or her pussy... He'd moved past shock before he answered her.
"...do?" Lia looked confused, but only for a moment. "Do with her?" A slow smile was spreading on her face. "Or to her?"
"Both."
A shadow cut off the light nearby them. They looked up to see a rather large gentleman looming close. He was easily as tall as Gary had been, outside, and probably close to as muscled. The all black suit made it hard to tell. He wore a headset on his shiny, bald head.
"Sorry to intrude. But, your room is ready for you. If you'd follow me?"
Harold recognized the voice, the MC, without the distorting effects of cheap audio equipment. This must be Gym, the third Meat Brother. He could definitely see how they'd acquired their nickname.
Harold was standing, Lia following slower. "Our room?"
"Oh, you were busy. I made a reservation."
"Reservation? Harold?"
"I know, you're curious. But just come along, I think you'll like the surprise." Her steps picked up speed, and Gym held open the black curtain for them, and waved them into the hallway.
Gym's bulk took up the narrow space behind them, they felt compelled to hurry along. They came to a three way intersection, the hallway widening here. Gym asked them to stop for a moment. He wiggled his way behind a desk, it looked sized for a child in front of him.
"So, on account of how some people are assholes, I gotta get your phones offa ya before ya go back. Little policy we put in place to protect the privacy of our customers, and the girls." He gestured to a tiny cage bolted to his desk, the door open.
Harold barely hesitated. His phone went to phone jail. Lia had to maneuver hers out of her pocket, but soon they were both in and Gym clicked the door shut, locked it with a key. "Alright. And time for the rules." He huffed, paused dramatically.
"Ain't none. Unless the girl don't wanna. If she don't, and you try to make her... Well, there's two more of me that'll have words with you. After I get through." A meaty finger pointed down a hallway. "Third door on your left. One hour, once that door shuts. The lights will come on when yer time's up. Don't make me come get ya."
Harold met the guy's tiny black eyes, and nodded. "We won't."
Lia hugged his arm as they walked down the hallway. She tried to ask him a question, he shushed her before she'd gotten a word out.
Two closed doors, and one open one, before the hallway made a turn. The open one had a warm glow spilling out of it, and soft music playing. As they got closer, they heard giggles.
Lia stopped moving, and cocked her head. She still had a firm grip on Harold's arm, he had to halt as well. She listened, and the musical giggles tripped out of the room like a gliss on a harp. He looked at her face, and a dawning recognition set in. She started walking again, broadly smiling.
Two steps was all they needed to see into the room. It was lit by strips of LEDs near the ceiling, with a golden tone and moving patterns. The room was large, a circular couch big enough for eight people taking up the vast majority of it. In the center of the room, a shiny pole slowly spun in place, in case someone wanted to dance for the people on the sofa. Around the pole was a table, within reach of the couch but plenty far enough away to allow for more up close dancing. It held a silver ice bucket, a bottle of champagne, and four glasses. The foil at the end of the bottle was missing, the cork loosely in place, and two of the glasses were half full of amber, fizzy liquid.
On the black leather couch were two girls, one with blue hair, one with red. They were just moving their faces apart, and giggling. Neither saw Harold and Lia in the doorway.
"One more?" Asked Sindee, and Blue enthusiastically nodded. Their faces met, their lips tangled. Only a moment and they separated again, more musical giggles following their kiss.
Harold's eyes traced the bare skin of their arms, loosely draped around each other. He noted how their knees leaned together. He saw that the girls had managed an outfit change, Sindee in a green miniskirt and matching blouse, Blue in denim cutoff coveralls. Only one strap was fastened over her shoulder, the other left to flap and barely cover her breast. If she wore a single stitch under them, he'd be surprised.
Lia let out her breath, that sound reminded him to breathe, too. Neither made much noise, but it was enough to draw the eyes of the redhead.
"And here they are," she said, and lifted an arm from Blue's shoulder to point at them. Blue looked and her wide eyes got wider, her grin made her full lips look thin, stretching tight across her whole face.
"Oh, I'd hoped it was you. She wouldn't tell me." The girl had disentangled herself from the ginger, and crossed the distance to them in three quick steps, practically knocking Lia over in a flying hug.
There was a brief kiss and whisper exchange, then Harold got his turn. With his arms full of wiggling girl, it was hard to pay attention... He managed.
"Be careful. She thinks we know each other. Can't let the secret out, too weird even for this place." Harold didn't nod, or acknowledge her in any way, save for returning her kiss as enthusiastically as it was being granted.
She grabbed his hand with one of hers, and Lia's with the other, and pulled them forward. As they stepped past the threshold, a buzzer sounded, and the door swung shut behind them.
Blue guided them to the couch, and Sindee turned away from the table. She'd taken advantage of their distraction to fill all four glasses, she offered one to each of them.
Lia opened her mouth, closed it, and rephrased. "Are you girls old enough to drink?"
Blue giggled, and Sindee put a single finger in front of her mouth. "One glass won't hurt. It's a special occasion."
"It's very fizzy," Blue said, lifting her glass. "Festive."
Harold just put his glass forward. "Cheers." The glasses tinged as they met, and then all four of them were empty, and Sindee put them back on the table. Blue giggled some more. She was between her parents, Harold on her right, and Lia on her left.
"Usually, once we get called back here, the people are very demanding, and keep an eye on the clock. You guys seem more laid back... But, well we hafta start somewhere. Any requests?"
Harold looked to Lia, who was ogling the girl standing in front of them. Realizing she was on the spot, she slowly spoke. "Well, even though I feel like Blue and I didn't finish out there... Sindee, why don't you come here, and let me really look at you."
Blue looked up at Harold. "I guess that leaves us. What do you want to do?"
Harold smiled. "I want to watch my wife. But why don't you sit up here, and we can both get a good view?" He patted a thigh, and Blue wiggled herself up into his lap, back facing him.
Lia did more than look. She touched, she smelled, she tasted. In the space of about two minutes, she'd traveled her hands and lips from Sindee's shoulders down to her waist. Sindee was blushing.
Blue leaned back and caught Harold's ear with her lips. "Mom likes girls."
"Something we have in common." Her hand reached around behind herself, and tried to pull his head towards her for a kiss. The angles were all wrong, just the sides of their open mouths touched. He laid his hand flat on her belly, his fingers spread wide. His index finger felt the bottom swell of her breast, his pinky dipped into the crease of her overalls. She tucked her chin down to look.
"That feels nice..." She fished his other hand out of the couch and put it on her thigh.
Lia had moved back up, rising from the couch, and was undoing buttons on Sindee's blouse. The redhead reached up to help, and Lia let her, kissing every new inch of exposed skin. The last button fell open, and Sindee returned the favor, hands going to Lia's shirt and tugging. She seemed hurried, Lia calmer, but trembling.
Blue took her hand and slipped Harold's up with it. She moved them up into the loose legs of the overalls, and Harold's hand felt heat. She was back at his ear. "Touch me, daddy." His fingers found silky folds, and she sighed.
Lia's top was off, and both girls' hands worked at the catch to her bra. It popped open and Lia's tits swung free, to little oohs of delight from Sindee. The girl bent her head and left a wet patch on the side of Lia's breast. Lia caught her head and pulled it up, level with hers, and pressed their chests together as she tasted the girls lips.
Both girls moaned, and Harold breathed out heavily. Blue was slick and hot under his fingers. He'd found a little button, and she was making happy noises as he teased it. She arched her back, and pressed her butt firmly into his lap. "I feel that," she said, and started a little rocking motion. He adjusted his finger's stroke to match hers.
Lia's hands were moving more urgently now, undoing her own pants and fiddling with Sindee's skirt. The younger girl smiled. "Don't bother." She took Lias hand, ran it down her hip the couple of inches needed to clear the hem, and then back up, under the skirt. Lia's face lit up.
"You're already so wet."
"Been that way since I danced for you... Oh. Right there."
Blue had one of her own hands inside the top of the overalls. Harold felt her pinching and pulling above his own hand, which had been slowly moving up. He decided to be a little bolder, and reached up for the single strap holding the overalls on. The snap disengaged easily, and the front flap slid down. His hand joined hers, they played well together. Harold craned his neck to get a better view of their fingers dancing on her pink nipple.
Sindee made another noise, and his eyes flicked to the two of them. Lia had sunk to her knees, and was putting her head under the tiny skirt. She made a sound as her jaw lifted, as if she was tasting a fine meal.
The girl in his lap pulled his hand out of her pants and flipped over. She put a foot on the ground and stood up, the heavy denim just fell straight off of her. Harold feasted his eyes, savoring every pale inch of her, from pink, hard nipples to her bare, shaven mound. He did eventually get back to her eyes, and he followed her stare. She was ogling his crotch, biting her lip.
"Well, if you're not gonna give me any orders, then I'm gonna take over. Mister, lose that shirt." She spoke as if directing her words to his penis. Harold obeyed, and when the shirt cleared his face, he saw Sindee pulling Lia up to her feet and pushing her onto the couch. There seemed to be a struggle to get Lia out of those tight pants, but they were cooperating, it wouldn't take long. While he was distracted, nimble little hands were attending his waist.
Blue hissed a four letter word at his pants. Harold leaned back and took over for her. She'd managed to half unzip him and get his belt undone, but that button was giving her trouble. It opened easily for him, and Blue helped him shimmy the pants down, then she eyed his boxers. "Those, too."
"Yes, ma'am."
Lia lay on her back, and Sindee held up the pants in the air triumphantly. But the reclining woman was looking past the redhead, to the blue haired girl with her fists on her hips, impatiently waiting for the boxers to come off.
"Sindee? You have more experience than I do... do they all taste different?"
"See for yourself. Blue? Come here for a sec?"
"But..." She waved at Harold, who had just gotten his underwear down to his thighs, his erection caught in his elastic waistband. He held still.
"Aww. What's up?" She turned to Sindee.
"Our guest had a request." She pulled the girl by her hips, over to where Lia's head lay on the couch. "She wants you to sit." A quick shove overbalanced Blue, and she straddled the blond head. Both girls made the same noise, a surprised squeak. Then both made a moan, one muffled by the other's thighs.
Sindee turned to Harold. "That'll hold em for a bit. Let's get that out and in the open." Her eyes grew wide as he pulled the boxers the rest of the way down to his knees, gravity took over from there. "Nice." She licked her lips. She put a hand to her waist, the green skirt fluttered to the floor.
"Okay, one last thing." Sindee put a hand under the table, to a bowl on a shelf he hadn't seen. She came out with a golden foil wrapped square. "Just to be safe." She ripped open the condom wrapper with her teeth, and knelt between his legs to apply it. "Blue? You ever put one of these on before?"
"Oh, uh-huh." She was looking over her shoulder. "Nnn. Not a virgin. Oh, god." She returned her head to its previous position, looking down at the top of her mom's head. "Oh, yes. Yes, Lia."
Sindee unrolled the latex with a deft hand, and gripped the result firmly. "Oh, this is gonna be fun. Big dick and two hot girls... I'd do this for free, any day of the week." She kissed the side of his shaft.
"Get up here." Harold said. "I know you don't want to suck on a balloon, quit faking it."
"Okay." She put one knee on the couch, as if to get on his lap again. Harold grabbed her waist and flung her down, her head landed with a giggle next to Lia's hips.
Blue felt the bounce and looked over her shoulder again. "Oh..." she slipped off the couch, and her mother's face. "Lia? Just so we know you're on board with all of this. Would you like to help Harold?" Lia sat up, blinking. She saw her husband, lifting the coppertop's legs to his shoulders.
She nodded, her jaw slack. "Here." She reached between them, and guided his cock up and seated it firmly in Sindee's pussy. "Hold on, before you go... want to taste her?" She didn't wait for an answer, rising up to press her face to his, her hand still around his dick. The kiss broke, and she gasped,"They do taste different."
Harold nodded. "All different flavors... oh, shit!" Blue had given his butt a push, and he sank into Sindee unexpectedly. She moaned beneath him. Lia gasped too, her hand was caught between them.
Blue had pushed hard, making sure Harold went deep. She leaned into his back, pressed her firm breasts to his skin. Her lips caught his ear again and she whispered. "Wish it was me."
Out loud, Harold grunted back at her. "You'll get your turn." Sindee shifted her hips, and Lia managed to move her hand up from between them. She hesitated, and gave something a little shake before she withdrew completely, as Sindee squeaked.
Lia sat next to the two of them and watched, fascinated, as Harold's hips moved. Blue had her hands around his waist, pulling him back, then slapping into his ass with her pelvis to thrust him forward. Harold let this continue for a bit, but having his daughter control his strokes was going to be too much, even with a numbing condom on.
"I think I got this. Your," he paused. He'd almost said mother. "Uhh. Other guest would like some attention." Good cover, he'd paused and made the grunt on a hard downstroke. Blue left his back.
Lia glanced up for a second, then her eyes went back down to where her husband and the redhead met. She spread her legs open on the edge of the couch, and tilted her pussy up. "Eat me, Blue. I want to watch them." She said it casually, like she was telling her daughter to go pick up her room.
"Yes, ma'am," she replied, with the same tone she'd have used at home. Harold took his eyes from the redhead beneath him, and watched as the girl sank to her knees, and stared for a moment at the blonde bush in front of her. "I haven't. Um. Done this a lot. Don't know how good I'm gonna be."
"Enthusiasm, uh!" Sindee had to take a breath every time Harold slammed into her. "Makes up for, uh! Skill. Just do, ah! Your best. Gah!"
Blue moved her head closer, took a fleeting kiss. Lia jerked, and pulled her head around to watch the blue hair come back for another pass. Harold kept his rhythm going, and his attention on the two girls.
Blue's eyes were up, looking at her mother as she wiggled her cheeks tight between her thighs. Then they closed, and Harold saw her jaw work. Lia took a quick, three part breath. "Hh-aa-hnh!" Her eyes closed, too, and a hand came around to cradle the blue hued hair.
"Ggg. Goddd." Sindee moaned out, digging her heels into Harold's shoulders. "Fuck. You're fucking." A gasp as they met with a slap. "Fucking me so good." He turned his attention to the freckled girl writhing on his cock. Harold watched her face change expressions, her mouth make shapes. She had a hand on her breast, squeezing and pulling the pale pink nipple, the other hand clutched at the back of the couch. Harold watched her ripple on every impact, and saw her stomach muscles spasm.
Sindee kept her eyes on him, and urged him to go a little faster. Once he did, she broke eye contact, but only to roll them up in her head. She went silent, her mouth wide. He watched color drain from her face, except for two spots on her cheeks, and a widening triangle of flush blooming on her chest.
He'd been reading Lia's signs of orgasm for so many years, he was utterly fascinated to watch Sindee cum. It was so different from Lia, more violent. She held her breath, she tossed her head, she arched her back, she clawed at her breast. She squeezed his cock with her hot, tight pussy, and bucked beneath him. Finally, she let out the air in her lungs in a low, guttural moan.
Harold slowed his strokes, gently slipping in and out of her. She untensed, relaxed, and opened her eyes to look up at him. "Holy shit, sir. Needed that."
"Happy to help a girl out." He smiled, still fucking her slowly.
Sindee settled her shoulders into the cushion and glanced to her side. "How's she doing over there?" She asked, putting a hand on Lia's flank.
"Uhh-huh," Lia replied.
"That good?"
"Mmm."
Harold leaned forward, let Sindee's legs part and fall to his side. He was close enough to push Lia's blonde hair aside with his nose, and kiss her earlobe. He looked down, to get her view of things. Blue's head moved between her legs, his view a little obscured by Lia's tits in the way. He saw a merry flashing eye, a shiny wet nose, the arch of an upper lip.
"Is she going to make you cum?" He asked, his voice pitched low, but not a whisper.
"Uhh." Lia's mouth was open, she was panting. "Uh. Hmm. Mm. Mmmaybe. Feels. Ohmigod." She swallowed, it made a clicking sound. "Good. Oh, so good."
Harold turned his attention to the girl, leaning forward to see around Lia's breasts. "You hear that? You're doing so good. You want to make her cum?"
"Ahh hahh." A sound of assent.
"If you can make her scream... I'll give you a reward."
"Ahh." Blue's head moved faster, and Lia made a noise. Somewhere between a sigh and a gasp. Sindee wiggled, turned sideways, with Harold still buried in her. Her chin rested on Lia's thigh.
"Oh, you gotta do better than that, girl. And trust me, you want this reward. It's big, it's thick." She moved her hips, adding an extra inch to Harold's slow stroke. "Ohh. It's still in me. But you gotta make her yell. Are you using any fingers?"
"Ahh hahh." A negative sound.
"Here. Let me help." A hand snaked around Lia's waist, and slipped down to her golden pubes. "I'm gonna open her up for you." Pale fingers moved, pressed and spread Lia's labia.
"Oh!" Lia gasped, "Ohgodyes."
"Now," Sindee said, still coaching. "Take one hand. Bring it up under your chin, palm up. Put out one finger, like you're flipping someone off. Guess where it goes?"
Lia was mid moan when she suddenly went up an octave.
"Good guess. Now, you're probably moving it in and out, like you're fucking her with it. Go ahead and just push in as deep as you can." Lia's voice lowered two octaves. "And for our final trick. Curl that finger up like you're making the 'come here' motion. And she will, cum right here." Sindee giggled, but it was hard to hear her over Lia, who began a high keening. Harold saw her belly twitch, the tendons in her thighs stand up.
He knew his wife. She was gonna blow, and blow big. He put a hand flat between her shoulder blades, to keep her from falling over.
He should have been prepared, but she threw herself backwards with such force, he struggled to keep her upright. She let out a yell that came from somewhere deep within her soul. Her head whipped back, she pointed her throat at the ceiling and screamed.
Harold was impressed. He tried to remember if he'd ever managed to wring out noises like that from her in all his years with her. Pretty sure he hadn't. It sustained, lasting longer than he thought was possible. She ran out of air, and still jerked and quivered, tense as a steel spring. Lia gasped in a breath, and moaned, clearly now on the downswing of a truly spectacular orgasm.
Once she relaxed, Blue pulled away, her face shiny, her eyes half lidded, her tongue still protruding from her open mouth.
Sindee pulled her head up, tried to look at Lia. "Your husband liked that almost as much as you did. I swear, he got bigger when you came."
Lia nodded, and tried to breathe. "Put. Me. Down."
Harold relaxed his arm, she draped herself backwards along Sindee's torso, pinning the redhead beneath her. Sindee looked up, and said to Harold, "Welp, I guess our fun time's over. Now I'm a pillow." Lia's head lolled toward her face, she smiled tiredly at the girl.
Blue was getting to her feet, as Harold tried to squirm out of Sindee. Blue still looked dazed, her mouth still open, her out. She lowered her forehead, and looked through her eyebrows at Harold. She made no sound, and moved towards him.
Harold felt her wet face press into his, her mouth seeking his. She pushed hard on his shoulders, throwing her weight into it. Unprepared for the force of her, he toppled onto his back, his knees in the air, his dick flying out of the ginger girl, hitting his stomach with a splat. Blue followed him, practically leaping up on the couch, landing with her legs spread across his hips.
"My reward," she sighed, and took her fingers, wrapped them around Harold's cock, and pointed him up in the air. She moved herself up, and Harold had only a split second to see his cockhead split open her bare lips, and then she slammed down on him.
She let out an imitation, a damned good one, of Lia's guttural moan right before she came. Blue wiggled her hips, trying to grind him in deeper. Then she leaned forward, put her lips to his. She smeared his face with his wife's juices, she bit his lip.
Harold was practically paralyzed, at first. The speed and violence with which he'd been tossed about was startling, to say the least. But he did, at last, regain his senses, and his first act after doing so was to rise up to meet her little bounces on his cock. She was bobbing fast and shallow, keeping as much of him inside her as possible. He matched her speed, and thrust upward with force. Harold wrapped his arms around her, one by her shoulders, the other across her ass, and used her own body as leverage to slam into her harder from below.
He'd intended to be much more gentle, tender, when his daughter let him enter her for the first time. He'd intended to kiss her, from toes to nose, hold her tight, and gaze into her eyes as he sank into her.
But this worked, too. Rabbit fucking her, after she tackled him and practically took his dick away from him to stuff it in her so hungrily. Her moans were modulated by their impacts, a warbling continuous 'ohh.' Their teeth clicked together, painfully, during a kiss. She whipped her head back, and added her own extra force to the downstrokes, moving her hips in a circle.
The new view was astounding. Her breasts still somehow defied gravity, staying pert and pointed upwards, though they rippled and bounced with the force of their bodies meeting. She looked almost feral, her lips curled back over white teeth, her nose crinkled, her eyes burning at him through an intense squint.
There was little doubt in Harold's mind; he might be present, he might be contributing, but she was fucking him. He moved his hands to her hips and tried to catch a bouncing, berry colored nipple with his lips. He almost got a black eye for his efforts, a mammary slapping him in the face. Fine, then, he'd just lay back and enjoy the ride.
Blue seemed to prefer it, her moans turning into growls. "Hrrrhh!" She uttered, and increased her speed on his pole again, a fast slap-slap-slap sound coming from between her legs. Harold held on to her hips and began to coax her verbally.
"Yeah, baby. Oh yes, little girl, get what you want, get what you need. Look at you, so pretty, so sexy. Take it, ride me."
"Uh-huh," she grunted. "I. Fuck-ing. Am." She shifted her arms, gripped his shoulders. "Oh, ye-ah. Gonna. Gonna. Make. You. Make. Me. Fuck. Ing. Cum!" She started another ululation, every thrust making her breath come out in a little rush.
He knew his wife, knew the signs of an impending orgasm on her face. Turns out, his daughter spoke the exact same language. She tilted away from him, her back straight as she power slammed into him a final time. He felt her twitch around him, and saw her scream at the ceiling. She peaked, her voice faded into a diminishing croak as she wilted, draping herself back on top of him, shaking.
"There you go, there you go." He patted her back. "Feel better, now?"
"Mmnn. Better." She wiggled, got her mouth to his ear. "Thank you, daddy. That was wonderful."
He smiled and arched his neck to give her a kiss.
Someone spoke, from near his feet. "All right. That's three. Only one of us hasn't cum yet, and that's the guy. Weird, it usually goes the other way." One of Harold's eyes was obscured by a fuzzy blue lock of hair. The other one saw a tousled ginger head work its way into his line of sight. "Fuck, though, that was hot. Little Blue's a beast."
She giggled, still near his ear. "Rawr." She said, and weakly pushed away from Harold. "Oh, wow, legs are like rubber. Help me up, someone?" Sindee got off the couch and grabbed an arm, heaving Blue off her father's cock. Harold sat up and regarded his wife, laying ankle to ankle to him, languidly running fingers up and down her pussy.
"Lia." He breathed out. "You've got dibs, if you're ready."
She nodded. "I'm ready. That was, like Sindee said, hot. We've fucked thousands of times, but this time, I think it's gonna be special. I have an idea."
"Hit me."
She rolled over, got her knees under herself. "You, behind me."
"Not new."
She reached out, grabbed Sindee's hand. "You, under me."
The redhead grinned. "Face to face?"
"No."
"Even better." The freckled girl began moving onto the couch.
"What about me?" Asked Blue. "I could go again."
"You want Sindee's spot?"
"Oh, yeah."
"Hmm. Okay." Lia tossed her head. "So we have a spare redhead. Any ideas?"
Sindee shrugged. "I could... I don't know. Stand here and contribute fingers?"
"And lips," Harold said. Blue was already on her back, wriggling under her mother. He rose to his knees. "Come here." Sindee took a step to his side. He reached down, pulled the condom off, and tossed it in the general direction of a can in the corner. He'd be damned if he was gonna fuck her with a condom on, he hadn't in over twenty years. Besides, he intended to cum this time, and he wanted no barriers to his pleasure. He then pulled the redhead close and kissed her.
Lia was ready for him, but he took his time getting to her. Sindee was wanton and wiggling in his arms, and Harold thoroughly enjoyed her body with his hands before inching his knees forward. Sindee did for Lia what the older woman had done for her not long ago and guided Harold's cock into his wife's dripping pussy, without breaking the kiss with him.
He pushed into Lia, her usual sounds of joy muted. He cut his eyes to watch her blonde head wiggle between his daughter's pale thighs. Blue's hands rose from under Lia, squeezing her ass. Something tickled his nuts. Hard to see, but it might have been Blue's eyelashes. Or her nose. He couldn't pay attention really, too much was going on at once for him to separate all the sensations.
Sindee was stroking his chest with one hand, his butt with another. He was feeling Lia's tight grip on his cock as he began thrusting slowly, picking up speed like he was shifting gears. He had a handful of Sindee's breast, another hand on her ass. And the redhead was making sure his mouth and tongue were occupied fully.
He wallowed in the women around him. Harold lost track of time, just becoming a thrusting, groping, kissing mass of nerve endings. Sindee eventually gave him back his mouth and he gasped for air. Hands switched locations, she'd taken away her breast, her ass moved out of reach. He put his hands where they naturally wanted to go, on his wife's hips. Then Harold blinked and took stock.
Lia's butt rippled with the force of his pounding, and he realized he'd been keeping this pace up for a while, somehow. It didn't feel like he'd be able to hold out much longer. Blue's hands grasped and pulled her butt cheeks wide, and let them close again. He saw her legs flexing, her toes curling and pointing beyond Lia's head. Both girls under him were practically screaming into each other at this point. Motion from the corner of his eye caught his attention.
Sindee was putting a champagne glass down, swishing a mouthful of the stuff around. She winked at him as she came back to the couch. "Think she'll like this. Lia, baby?"
A muted moan. "Yeah? Ever had your ass eaten?" The moan seemed to be in the negative. "Guess what I'm gonna do?" Another moan, untranslatable. Sindee just grinned and put her face into the line of fire of Harold's pumping stomach. He lowered the power of his strokes so as not to jostle the redhead. He was treated to a view of a pink tongue slipping out and touching his wife's puckered asshole. Then she changed her angle and all he saw was the back of her head.
Lia shot up like she'd been electrocuted. Harold saw her half turn to try to see, realize it was impossible, then just hunch her back as ripples of pleasure took her. Blue made a disappointed noise, it seemed she'd been close to a peak when her mom got distracted. But, she was a trooper, his Blue, and she doubled her efforts below him, he felt her face push itself closer, shake beneath him like a dog with a bone.
This was it. He felt a surge, his orgasm finally boiling up from the base of his cock. Lia was already cumming, her pussy rhythmically squeezing him as she shook and spasmed. It was going to be his turn very, very shortly. Harold roared in warning, and Sindee took it to heart, pulling her head out of the way as he slammed into his wife's ass with force. Lia went silent, holding her breath and letting her head bounce with the final poundings Harold provided. He emptied himself deep in her, maybe screaming out her name. Hard to say, he was screaming something though.
In his younger days, he might have managed to stay vertical. But he was older now, and his back spasmed, his legs jerked, and the world spun. He was flat on his back before he knew what had happened, his legs bent uncomfortably under him, the arm of the couch crosswise against his shoulders. He felt his cock, slimy and cold now, deflate and roll off his stomach toward his thigh.
There were voices, indistinct to him. He vaguely was aware of the girls disentangling from each other. He was able to hear the conversation, but he couldn't contribute, it was all he could do to keep his eyes open.
"Someone help me, I got so close... oh, thank you. Yes, like that."
"You dirty little girl, I quite enjoyed that. Come here."
"Careful, you don't know where this tongue has been."
"I most certainly do. Mmm."
"Aaah! Oh, God, a little faster! Yes, mo- ah, Lia. Yes, Lia!"
A foot or something jostled Harold's leg, he blinked at it. Couldn't tell who it belonged to. He gave his head a vigorous shake and tried to sit up. There, blood was returning to his thinky parts.
He looked at the scene in front of him. Lia had two fingers in Blue's lower lips, fast motion blurring them. Blue was arching up from the couch, her mouth stretching wide. Sindee was licking Lia's mouth, grinning wickedly.
Blood was now leaving his thinky parts. He looked at his waist and saw his cock sluggishly regain some girth. Huh, that hadn't happened since his early twenties.
Blue hollered and groaned, Lia took her fingers away. His daughter relaxed, melting into a puddle. Lia lay next to her, nuzzling into her neck. Sindee sat primly on the couch, the only one of the four who looked like she was still fresh.
She glanced over by the door. "Welp. Got about five minutes left." She fluffed her hair off her shoulders. "I had a great time. Any last minute requests?"
Harold followed her glance, and saw a tiny digital clock over the door. An idea occurred to him, and he grinned. Sindee caught his expression. "Oh, you've got something in mind, don't you, mister?"
He nodded. "It occurs to me, that my lovely wife is going to drip cum all over my car's upholstery on the way home. Someone should..."
Sindee was bouncing to her feet. "On it." Lia chewed her lip as the redhead spread her knees wide and put her face to the sloppy mess in her crotch.
Blue watched her co-worker clean up her mother. She whispered into Lia's ear, Lia giggled and whispered back. Harold toyed a bit with his semi hard cock, which was about as far as it seemed able to go.
"All clean." Sindee was wiping her mouth as she stood back up.
"Thank you, dear. Wish I could say it felt good, but I think that whole area's numb at this point." Slowly, she stretched, and started to sit up.
They smiled at each other and helped dress on another. Some outfits were easier to put back on than others, Lia's jeans in particular required six pairs of hands and some struggling. Harold took a moment and emptied his wallet of any remaining green. He looked at the girls. "SorryThe younger girls finished off the champagne as the door buzzed and swung open, the tinted lights in the room brightening to stark white.
Harold and Lia reclaimed their phones at Gym's desk. Sindee and Blue hurried down a side hall, the redhead reappearing as the couple were leaving by the narrow hallway.
"Hey." She bounced up to Lia, and tucked something down her shirt. "I don't do this. Really I don't. But on that sticky note is everything you need to get a hold of me. Phone, socials, all of that. I really had fun with you two. I'd like to... I dunno. Take my time, next time. Please, let there be a next time." She gave Lia a tender kiss, a lingering hug. "Blue's stuff is on there too. But call me first, huh?" She skipped back down the hallway, wiggling fingers as she went.
Harold held the curtain open for his wife. The club had picked up steam, a knot of men down by the poles hooting and hollering for a girl Harold couldn't see from here.
Sapphire was stationed at the bar, fully topless and knocking back a drink. "You two look worn out... two girls too much for y'all?" Her eyes twinkled. "Maybe next time you see how much just one ol' gal from Texas can do fer you. I'm pretty sure I know some tricks they don't..."
Gerry, behind the bar, nodded and winked. He rumbled, "She sure does. Comes up with new ones all the time."
Lia smiled, shyly, and made some promises. She also may have handled some of Sapphire's merchandise for free as she said an intimate goodbye. The blonde woman took it in good humor, calling out, "Y'all come back now, y'hear?" Harold and his wife left via the blind hallway, making room for another rough looking man on his way in.
Out in the car, the couple took a few deep breaths. Then they smiled at each other.
"Next time, huh?" Harold asked Lia. She fished out a yellow square of paper from her shirt, glanced at it before putting it into her pocket.
"Yeah. Next time. But I think, for now, we go home and wait. Blue's gonna be off soon. I think we should go get ready to really show her how much we like her new job." She put a hand on his as he shifted the car into drive.