My husband is really good at taking pictures. He is not a professional photographer, but I think he could be if he wanted. One day while I was looking at some of my favorite porn pictures of naked women, I got the idea that I would like my husband to take some pictures of me. I have always thought I would like to do something like that and I knew that he would be the perfect person.
So, one Friday night as we were out to dinner, I told him that I wanted to ask him a favor. "I want you to take some pictures of me," I said. He said he would and asked what kind of pictures I wanted. I could tell by his response that he had no idea what he was getting into.
"Naked," I said.
"OK," he responded as he kept eating. "What kind of naked pictures do you want?" he asked.
"Porn," I said.
He put his fork down, wiped his mouth with his napkin, took a drink of his beer and said, "What kind of porn?"
I asked him what kind of porn there was.
He said that it depended what I wanted to accomplish with the pictures. He then went on to explain that there is a difference between taking pictures for women to see and for men to see.
I said, "I want them for a men to see."
Then he said that he still needed to know what I want to reaction to be. "For a man," he started, "you have three different types of pictures. There is a picture that will 'Get His Attention.' Then, there is a picture that will 'Get His Dick Hard.' Third, there are pictures that he will look at and 'Jerk Off'.
"I want all three," I told him.
He said that it sounded good to him. "When?" he asked.
"Tonight," I said.
"You got it," he answered.
We finished dinner and had some dessert. However, my mind was not on the meal. I was thinking about what would happen when we got home. There was definitely sexual excitement in the air as we rode home.
On the ride home, he asked, "Do you want me to pose you or do you want to pose yourself?"
I told him that I had a couple of poses that I wanted to be taken, but it would really be helpful if he could be the "professional photographer."
"No problem," he said.
A few minutes later, we pulled in to the drive way. As we walked in the front door, I asked him if I should change clothes. He said not to worry about it. Once we were inside, I went and poured myself a glass of wine and grabbed him a beer. When I got back, he had turned on some music, had thrown a dark blanket over the coffee table and had pushed it to the middle of the room. He took my hand to help me up on the coffee table and then he reached for his camera.
"Are you ready," he asked.
"Hell yes!" I proclaimed.
"OK. Lean your head back, close your eyes and play with your body over your clothes," he instructed.
I did just as I was told. I started by rubbing my hands on my face and in my hair. Then I caressed my neck and sucked on my fingers. I slid my hands down over my shirt and grabbed a hold of my tits. I rubbed them, caressed them and could feel my nipples were already very hard. The entire time, my husband was moving around me snapping picture after picture. I was loving it.
I slowly moved my hands down my stomach and over my hips. I grabbed my ass and bent over. Then, I moved my hands around my hips and slipped them right between my legs. As I rubbed over my skirt and panties, I could feel the wetness between my legs. This was even better than I had imagined.
After this part of the "Photo Shoot," he suggested a break. I got down and sat on the couch and downed my glass of wine. He had finished his beer, so I got us refills. When I came back, he helped me back up on the coffee table.
"Time for you to strip," he said. "However, I am really interested in the look on your face while you do."
"What look is that," I asked.
"Sexual desire," he responded.
He put his camera down, kicked his shoes off, took off his socks and slid his pants and boxers off. His dick was now in plain view. He asked if that would help.
"Absolutely," I said.
He walked over and turned the music up a bit and said, "This is the 'Get Me Hard' part. Strip in a way that will get my dick hard and keep it hard."
"You got it," I said.
As he put his camera up to his face, I got right in front of him and slowly unbutton my blouse. I dropped it to the floor and slowly removed my bra. I put the lens of his camera between my tits and rubbed them on it like I had rubbed them on his dick many times. Tit fucking is a favorite of both of us. I looked down and noticed that he was indeed getting hard.
As I moved around showing off and playing with my tits, he kept taking pictures. With his dick out in the open, I desperately wanted it in my mouth. I knew if my face showed what I was feeling, he would have the look he wanted.
After a bit, I stepped down from the coffee table and had him sit down on the floor in front of me. When I backed up, his dick was just about at full attention. As seductively as I knew how, slid out of my skirt and underwear. My hands were moving all over my body and he kept snapping shots. He stood up with his dick now standing at full attention. He said it was break time again.
"Did my face show what you were looking for," I asked.
"Do you want to suck my dick," he asked in return.
I stared right at his hard prick pointing straight at me and nodded my head.
"Then I got it," he said.
As we sat and took a few drinks, he said that it was my turn to choose some poses. I got up and got after it. I posed in any way I wanted. I stood completely naked facing him. I crossed my arms over my tits while hiding my nipples. I sat cross-legged on the floor. I laid all over everything and posed in any way I could think. What a blast!
He didn't say a word but took, what seemed like, hundreds of pictures and I was having the time of my life. As I moved from pose to pose, he would grab his dick and quickly rub it. Now it was my turn to call for a break.
We sat and drank another round and my husband told me it was time for things to get really fun. I was having fun already, so I couldn't imagine what could be better.
"The goal now is masturbation...to take pictures that either one of us would look at and get off to," he said.
My pussy immediately tingled. "OK," I said. "What do you have in mind?"
He said that we would take turns coming up with poses and said that I could go first. "Remember, it needs to be a pose that would help the other one get off," he said. He took off his shirt and we were both completely naked for the first time during our "Photo Shoot."
I knew exactly what I wanted to do for him. I got up on the coffee table, faced away from him and bent over at the waist. This is how I stand when I want him to fuck me hard from behind. As he got behind me, I grabbed my ass and spread myself open wide. After he took some pictures of me in this position, I reached between my legs and grabbed his dick. I stroked his hard shaft a few times and he backed away. Why the fuck does he have to be a "professional" now!?!
"Your turn," I told him.
He walked over to our ottoman and laid down on his back. He stretched all the way across it with his feet on the ground and his head almost touching on the other side. In this position, he was curved over the ottoman and his dick stuck straight up in the air. I could imagine him like this and me swallowing his dick, straddling his face and pumping his cock with my hands or just climbing on top and riding that prick with everything I had...but I guess that was the idea.
Now it was my turn to pose again. I decided to take us into the dining room. I sat him in a chair and slid up onto the table. I moved around so that he was between my legs. Once I did, I spread my legs. I grabbed my tits and starting rubbing and pulling on them while I squirmed around on the table in front of him. My pussy was right there with nothing to block his view. He often jerked off looking at my pussy so I knew this would be good.
I could hear the camera's clicks as I continued. I sucked my nipples into my mouth. As I went back and forth from one to the other, the camera clicks stopped. When I looked up, watching me and jerking his prick. That one worked as well. After a minute or so, I stopped and said that it was his turn.
He took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom. He laid me on my back with my head hanging over the side. As he stepped over my face then he asked me to open my mouth.
"Suck on my balls, but ONLY my balls," he said.
As I opened my mouth, he lowered his nuts right on my face. I took one of them in my mouth and went to work. I LOVE SUCKING HIS BALLS. As I was sucking on one and then the other, he was taking picture after picture. My hand went to my pussy and I started rubbing my clit.
After a couple of minutes of this, he said it was time for the next pose. He asked me to open my mouth and he put the tip of his dick right on my tongue. I went back to work on my pussy. As he continued to shoot pictures, he slowly slid his hard prick all the way in my mouth and down my throat. His cock was all the way in my mouth and his balls were on my face. The thought of him fucking my face, me working over my pussy and pictures being taken so I could see it later was about all I could take. I came...really hard. The whole time, I held my head as still as I could so that he would not pull his dick out of my throat. When I settled down, he slowly slid out and sat down.
"Will that one work for you?" he asked.
All I could do was nod my head over and over.
"OK. Your turn," he said.
I slid to the middle of the bed and asked him to straddle me. I pushed my tits together and said, "Fuck these big things...hard."
As he slid his dick between my tits, he was once again snapping pictures. As I held them together for him, my nipples were as hard as they could be. After getting a handful of pictures, I told him, "How about you put that camera down and fuck the shit out of these things?"
He started fucking my tits like he was trying to hammer a nail into a board. The juicy tip of his dick was slamming into my chin, so I moved my head so that it would slide in and out of my hungry mouth. After a few minutes, he slowed down and slid off the bed.
"My turn," he smirked.
He asked me to roll over on my stomach and spread my legs. He slid up behind me and spread my legs apart. I felt him playing with my asshole and I almost came again right then. I could feel him put the tip of his dick right there and I heard the camera again. After a few shots, felt him slide just the tip of his dick in my ass. I came immediately. He snapped a few more pictures with just a small bit of his rod in my asshole. Then he quickly slid out.
"Fuuuccck!!" was all I could say.
"Your turn," he said and I knew exactly what I was going to do. I flipped around on my hands and knees and swallowed his dick. I knew having some pictures of me giving him head would definitely be something that would work. I sucked the shit out of his dick. I slammed my head back and forth as I worked my tongue inside my mouth around his shaft and played with his balls with my hands. I smashed my face into him as I took his dick all the way down my throat. There is almost nothing I love more than sucking his dick so I could not have cared less about the camera...which kept going non-stop.
After a bit, he put his hand on my head and I knew that it was time for the next pose, but I also knew he had just gotten pictures that would work on both of us.
After we got some more drinks, he reminded me that it was his turn again. He led me back to the dining room and slid me up on the table. He spread my legs open and put the tip of his prick at the opening of my pussy. As he slowly slid his dick all the way inside of me and then all the way out, he kept taking pictures. I could hear how wet I was as he sloshed in and out of my hole. At one point, I told him I was going to cum and he just kept going. As I came, he pushed his dick so far inside me that I swear it was in my throat. I must have cum 4 or 5 times while we fucked on the table and he got pictures of all of it. His dick sliding in and out...my cunt grabbing onto his prick as I came...his dick completely buried inside me...I could not wait to see it. He finally pulled out and said that I was next to choose when I was ready.
I got up and had him lean against the table. I sat in the chair and slid right up to him. Then, I grabbed his cock and started pumping as hard as I could. I wanted him to cum. He was taking pictures of me jerking him off for a few minutes and then he put the camera down. I knew he was about to blow his load and I was ready. He tensed up and then shot his delicious load all over my face. His warm cum felt so good.
When he finished cumming, he had a huge exhale and I said that we were not done. I handed him his camera and leaned back in the chair. I had to see this one...me with his cum all over my face.
When we woke up the next morning, he said he needed a little time to get the pictures together in an album. Since it was Saturday, I knew we had all day, so I left him alone.
I went out with a friend of mine to go shopping. When I got back that evening, he was sitting in the living room.
"Taking a break?" I asked.
"Nope. Finished," he said.
He pointed to an album on the coffee table and told me to take a look. It was awesome! Not only were the pictures great, but I have to say that I looked the best I have ever looked in any pictures in my life.
As I went page by page, I was getting more and more turned on. I worked through the "Getting Attention" portion. The pictures of me stripping and rubbing my body got my motor running. Then I moved to the "Getting Hard" part. Seeing me spread my pussy and knowing he was there with a rock hard dick got me very wet.
As I sat on the couch and was squirming, he pulled the book away and said, "Get comfortable."
I did not hesitate and stood up and stripped completely naked. He handed me the book and I laid down on the couch with the book right in my face. By the time I got through the "Getting Hard" portion, my hand was working my pussy.
Finally, I was to the "Jerk Off" section. My fingers were slipping in and out of my snatch and when I got to the picture of me with cum all over my face...I came. I caught my breath and put the book on the coffee table.
He looked at me and said, "I see that it works for you as well."
"You bet your ass it does," I said. "How about for you?"
"Yep, I jerked off looking at you earlier," he answered.
As he got up to leave the room, I said, "By the way, I have another favor to ask."
He turned and looked at me. "What is that?"
"You know the friend I went shopping with today. Well, I told her about the book you were putting together and...she wants one of herself. Would you mind...?"