Just after I turned eighteen we had some new neighbours move in. I happened to be walking past as they shifted in and they were an elderly couple. Being polite I said hullo and introduced myself. Also, being a helpful young lady, I pointed out that they had a quite extensive garden and that they might want to hire a competent gardener. I could give them the name and number of the guy who did most of that sort of thing in the area.
I was only being helpful, mind you, having no ulterior motive, and they seemed to accept the idea in that spirit. They said there'd be no need. They weren't the new owners, just staying there for a few months while the details for their home in the retirement village were sorted out. After that they'd move into the village with its assisted living (I said they were elderly) and their grandson would be moving into this place. The house was actually his but he was in no rush to move in.
I never saw them around after that so I effectively forgot about them. I did notice at one stage that their garden was getting a bit tatty and suggested to my father that he have a quiet word with them about our local Mr Fixit. It would be pushy for me to do so again.
My father is a man of fine intelligence and he leapt to resolve the situation immediately. He sent my mother around to talk to them. After a chat with her they agreed for the local man to come in and give the place a quick tidy up, which would probably see them through until their grandson took over.
A few weeks after that I was in my room getting ready for bed. Do you ever get that feeling of being watched? I had it then. I'd just finished stripping prior to getting my pyjamas on and I could have sworn there was someone in the room with me.
I looked around but there was nothing different about the room. Then I happened to look out the window and I noticed that the light in the room opposite mine was on, which was a first. That room had always been used as a general storeroom by the previous owners and was always in the dark.
Now our house and the house next door had been built at the same time as each other and the layouts of the houses were exactly the same, albeit mirror images. Also, both houses had been built as near to the fence-line as permissible, about three feet, which meant that the room opposite mine was only about six feet away from mine.
Add that to the fact that my room was a bedroom, so there was no reason the room opposite couldn't be a bedroom. Just because it hadn't been didn't mean it never would be. The trouble was that that 'hadn't been' meant I'd got into the habit of never bothering to pull the blind down.
Now I was standing naked near my window, my full length window, looking through it at the lighted window, through the lighted window to the man who was calmly standing there, looking me over. I'll tell you right now, six feet is not a very long distance when you're naked and a man is looking at you.
He would have been in his mid-thirties would be my guess. Probably the missing grandson finally making an appearance. A fine time he'd picked to turn up.
My first inclination was to frantically dive for the blind and pull it down, followed just as quickly by impulses to drop onto the floor, and to turn off the light. I didn't do any of those things. I just glared at him defiantly and put my pyjamas on, not even trying to hide anything.
The rotten mongrel threw back his head and I just knew he was laughing. I simply turned my nose up haughtily and moved casually over to the door to turn off the light. Finally, he couldn't see me, and I almost collapsed in a bubbling pile of embarrassment. He'd seen me naked. Thank god I didn't have to meet him.
I turned around to get into bed and saw he was still standing at the window. He was also getting undressed. He wouldn't, I told myself. He's just teasing me. He'll pull the blind down any moment now.
He didn't and he did. The didn't was pull the blind down. The did was strip completely, and I mean completely. What was worse the slimy toad had an erection, and quite a sizeable one from what I could see and I could see plenty, I assure you.
He casually turned around. Too casually, taking too long to do it, and once again displaying his erection from a side view. Then he was moving over to his own door to turn off his own lights. I had to admit that for a rotten mongrel and a slimy toad he had a very neat bottom. I was going to have trouble going to sleep tonight and would probably have weird dreams. I hope he suffered the same fate.
I had the sad misfortune of meeting the man the next day. I got home from work and my mother called me into the kitchen and there was that man standing there.
"This is Vicki, my daughter," my mother said. "Vicki, this is Jeff, the new owner from next door. He just stopped in to thank me for checking in on his grandparents occasionally."
"Nice to see you," he said with a rotten smile.
Why'd he say see instead of meet?
"Yeah," I muttered. "Nice to s-uh, meet you," I replied, putting a little emphasis on the word meet. His rotten smile just got bigger and rottener.
I had to stand there and make polite for a few minutes, feeling his eyes on me knowingly. It was odd but even when he was looking at my mother it seemed to me that he was looking at me rather intimately. My mother didn't seem to notice anything but she's probably of an age where her eyesight is failing. I'd suggest she see an optometrist.
That evening when I went to get ready for bed the first thing I did was break the blind. I didn't intend to break it but when I gave the cord a firm pull I found myself holding the cord, with the blind still firmly in the up position. I said a rude word and glanced across at the other room.
The light was off so all I had to do was get undressed fast, ready to duck if the light went on. I stripped off, turned to face the window, ran my hand down my body and made a rude gesture towards his room. It mightn't mean anything but it made me feel better. That done I scrambled into my pyjamas, turned off the light, and went to bed.
I'd no sooner snuggled down in bed when the light across the way went on and I was just congratulating myself on getting ready before he got to his room when the light went off again. I was puzzled. Why turn the light on and off like that? The answer promptly slapped me in the face. That insufferable pig was letting me know he'd been in the room watching while I got changed.
Nah, he couldn't have been, I told myself. He would have turned on the light while I was stripping just to let me know he was watching. Wouldn't he? I was still trying to convince myself of this when his light went on and stayed on. I couldn't help myself. I sat up to look out the window.
He did exactly the same as the previous night, stripping completely. Exactly the same. He even had an erection again. Did that erection mean he was feeling horny from watching me or did he go around with a permanent erection? He seemed to be looking right at me when he smiled, even though he couldn't see me in the dark of my room. I lay down and his light went off a few moments later.
I told my father about the blind and he promised to fix it. I'd probably only need to ask him a couple more times and it would be done. Meanwhile I continued to play cat and mouse with the neighbour, not knowing which of us was the cat and which the mouse. Maybe I should say it was hide and seek or show and tell. Hum - not the last because while there may have been some showing there was no telling. I was finding the whole thing oddly disturbing.
It must have been disturbing me more than I thought. Friday evening, a couple of weeks later, I was out with my current boyfriend. He'd been leaning rather hard on me lately to go to bed with him and I didn't really want to. It wasn't that I was a virgin. It was simply a case of I didn't want to go to bed with him.
The snapping point came when he went to whip out his cock and I told him not to bother.
"It's not like I haven't seen it before and it's not as though I particularly want to see it again. Not something I want to mention in my diary. If it didn't impress me last time why would you think it would impress me now?"
Things deteriorated fast after that. I finished up arriving home early and adding 'find boyfriend' to my to-do list.
I was just about to turn on the light in my room when the light in Jeff's room went on. I automatically looked over at his room and he was standing there with a woman. Really, I thought disparagingly, can't say much for your taste. Is she even legal? She couldn't be more than - eighteen, I realised, belatedly recognising her. She was Etta, and she'd been in some of my classes at school last year.
For god's sake, she was all over him. She was either a total slut or he was paying her. Or both. She started taking off his clothes and, typical man, he went along with it. His shirt came off, matched by her blouse. His singlet, reflected by her bra. I'm quite sure she hadn't been that large at school. Undoubtedly she had falsies put in. It's so pathetic when a girl can't be happy with her own body.
It didn't take long and they were both naked. Her hand glommed onto his erection and she plastered herself against him, his hands coming around to clutch at her fat bottom. If her breasts had been as fat as her bottom she wouldn't have needed falsies.
He was facing toward my room and she was facing away. Smiling maliciously I flicked on my light for a moment and waved to Jeff when he looked up. To my shock all he did was lift a hand off her bottom and wave back before grabbing her fat ass again. Really, the very least he could have done was turn off the light. I certainly turned mine off.
Jeff suddenly picked Etta up and tossed her on the bed. For the first time I regretted having such a large window. It meant that Jeff did, too, and I could see the whole bed. Etta was lying on her back with her breasts poking in to the air like snow cones. There was proof of the falsies. Normal breasts would be flattened by gravity.
Jeff grabbed her feet and did something and she just seemed to flip from her back to her tummy. An interesting trick. I wondered how he'd done that. Now he gave her a slap on the bottom (a hard one I hoped) and she scrambled up onto all fours. She turned and looked over her shoulder at him, saying something and pointing up. Ha, telling him to turn out the light, I'll bet. So she had some sense of decorum.
Jeff didn't. He was shaking his head as he replied, pointing to his eyes and then to her. "I want to see you." I could just imagine him saying that.
His hand slipped between her legs and he was massaging her. I'll swear I was close enough to see her pussy responding. She was wriggling around, pushing herself at his hand, totally without shame. Then he was kneeling on the bed behind her, his cock lining up and then he was pushing into her.
Oh gawd, his cock was banging in and out of her like nobody's business. He seemed to be giving everything he had and she was rocking back and forth, her breasts swinging under her. Really, talk about too much of a good thing. I've seen smaller udders on cows.
Jeff wrapped his arms around her, catching hold of her breasts and playing with them, his cock continuing to crash back and forth, rocking her world.
The way that Jeff was moving I thought he was just about through, and about time, too. He suddenly pulled out, his erection standing fat and tall, and he dropped down on the bed next to Etta, cock up.
She reared up on her knees, seeming confused. I guess she didn't get there, I thought with some satisfaction. Jeff just seemed to wave toward his cock and then Etta was scrambling to straddle him. I could see her adjusting the position of his cock and then she was sinking down onto him.
She started bouncing on him. Well, really, I hoped the fat cow crushed him. It didn't seem to be happening. She was bouncing up and down on him and he was bucking under her. He could, I suppose, have been trying to buck her off but I didn't think so.
His hands reached up and he was playing with her breasts again. Etta seemed to be getting more and more frantic, really bouncing for all her worth. She was going to give herself a heart attack with that much exercise.
I could tell when she climaxed because I could actually hear her scream. If he was going to have many visitors of the female persuasion then I'd recommend that he get sound-proofing put in.
He finished up dragging Etta out of the room and hopefully throwing her out of the house. Probably not, though. It was more likely he'd charmed her out of the house, leaving open the chance that she could come back for more. I never did like that girl.
The next morning I had my blind fixed. It was easy enough to do. I just stood in front of my father while he tried to eat his breakfast, dangling the broken cord from my hand. I guess the look on my face convinced him not to argue as he went down to Bunnings for some bits and pieces and the blind was fixed that morning.
As soon as it was fixed it went down and it was staying down. As far as that blind was concerned down was the new up.
I had a peaceful week. Mainly because I didn't have a boy-friend I had to be (reasonably) nice to and because I could sleep knowing that a certain person wasn't trying to catch a look at me naked. My blind was down and I didn't care what anyone else might think.
I was walking home from the mall on the next Saturday afternoon. It was a nice sunny day, warm without being hot. The air was still and the sounds of birds happily singing as they looked for lunch could be heard, along with the buzz of insects avoiding being that lunch.
I was walking past Jeff's place, not thinking about him, when he stepped out of his driveway, took my arm, and turned me into his driveway.
"What?" I began, looking at him slightly startled. Who wouldn't be startled being dragged off the street and into someone's place?
"I have something you really need to see," he told me, urging me along the driveway. Seeing he wasn't trying to drag me into his house I went along, looking over his gardens as I did so. This place really did have lovely gardens and Jeff had kept them up, improved them even.
We reached the back yard and he waved his hand toward the centre of the garden.
"What do you think?" he asked me.
What did I think? I thought that he had a nice green patch of lawn in the middle of his yard with very green and very thick grass. Walking on it would be like walking on a thick plush carpet. Surely that wasn't what he wanted to show me.
"Ah, nice grass," I said.
"Yeah, I thought so. With the sun on it like that it'll be just perfect to show off your figure once you get undressed."
He didn't say that, I told myself. No way would he say such a thing.
"Excuse me?"
"I've missed seeing you since you had that blind installed," he said.
"I haven't just had the blind installed," I said, shock making me stupid, I guess. "I've always had a blind."
"Right," he drawled, smiling, and it dawned on me that I'd just admitted to deliberately flashing him.
"Anyway, I have no intention of getting undressed in front of you," I said icily.
"Why not?"
"Why not?" I yelped. "It's a scandalous suggestion. Besides, you'd probably try to, try to, ah. . ." My voice trailed away.
"There is no try," he said smiling. "Um, there's no probably, either."
To make sure he got his message across he took my hand and pressed it against his groin and now I was feeling at close hand what I had previously viewed from a distance.
"I am not going to," I began, but he interrupted.
"Yeah, you are," he told me, "but don't let it worry you. By the time you're naked you'll be ready."
The way he emphasised naked sent little shivers running up my spine.
"Look, you can't expect me to, uh, just so you can, um, I mean," I mumbled, losing track of my sentence because it was obvious that he did expect me to, so he could.
"I'll help you if you like," he said softly and when I didn't answer he started undoing the buttons on my blouse.
Well, this was a different situation. I wasn't getting undressed for his titillation but being forcibly stripped by him. I mean, I hadn't said that he could undress me so that meant he was doing it by force, didn't it? Not that it made much difference. I knew what he intended once he'd finished tearing my clothes off.
He slipped my blouse off and tossed it onto a nearby bush. Walking behind me he unclipped my bra, moved around in front of me and slowly lowered it, letting my breasts fall free. (Not that they fell far. I didn't really need a bra for support.) My bra joined my blouse and his hands came up to gently caress my breasts.
"Much nicer up close and personal," he said softly, while I just looked down, watching my nipples crinkle and pout.
His hands dropped down and he was undoing the catches on my skirt. He sank down to his knees as he lowered the skirt, holding it at my ankles so I could step out of it. He didn't bother to stand, just tossing my skirt to join my blouse and bra and then his hands were talking hold of my panties. For some reason all I could feel while he drew my panties down was relief that I'd shaved that morning.
He rose to his feet and I was naked. I can assure you that sandals just do not qualify as clothing. His hand brushed against me, starting at my breasts and brushing all the way down to my mons and then it slipped between my legs and held me there.
I was burning inside, so very conscious of this man standing next to me. He bent his head and kissed me and I found myself kissing him back. For a few moments I forgot everything but the taste of his lips on mine. It wasn't until I found my back pressing against the thick grass that I started to remember what was about to happen.
"Relax," he murmured, his big hand running over me, touching me, encouraging that heat inside me. I could see he was struggling to take off his clothes with one hand but I couldn't have moved to help him to save myself. Then his clothes were off and he was kissing me again and I, for my sins, was kissing him back. His hands were touching me, touching me, and touching me some more. I was twisting about under his touch, wanting him to stop, wanting more at the same time.
I could feel his body pressed hotly against me, the hard length of his erection making its presence known in its own inimitable way. I had never been so acutely aware of a man's cock touching me.
I could feel his foot resting against my ankle, nudging it, and I let it follow his prompts, my legs drifting further and further apart. I was feeling more exposed, his touches were surer, firmer, upsetting me. Doing something to me, that was for sure.
He seemed to roll over slightly and then he was lying above me, his legs between mine, his body poised above me, supported by his arms. All that was incidental. What really mattered was his erection, hovering in very close proximity to my pussy.
"Do it," he said.
Me? He was joking surely. He couldn't really expect me to do it. My gaze shifted from that huge cock to his face. He was breathing hard and waiting, expectant. I swallowed nervously and my hand closed over his cock. He gasped a little. Big deal. I nearly screamed and panicked. It was probably the smarter option but I didn't do it. I adjusted the position of his cock a little, and then he was pushing forward, sliding into me with a determined thrust.
OK, now it was my turn to gasp as my passage was filled like never before. He lowered his body so it was pressing against me, pinning me firmly against the grass, his hands on my breasts, crushing them (in a most pleasurable manner), and he started flexing his hips.
O H . M Y . G O D.
He was driving me mad right from that first thrust. I was pushing up to meet him, wanting him, needing him, not wanting to ever let him go. Sheer desperation had me lifting my legs and wrapping them around him, totally unwilling to risk losing him.
It just got worse and worse. I couldn't stand it. The only reason I wasn't screaming was his mouth was covering mine, stifling any sound. He kept on driving into me with me frantically bucking under him, holding on tight and never wanting it to end.
He lifted his head, watching me, and I started going, "Ah, ah, ah," knowing what was about to happen. My climax crashed through me and I totally lost my voice while it happened, my mouth open but no sound emerging.
From the way he reacted I'd have to say he climaxed as well, but I bet it wasn't anything like what happened to me.
He watched me as I dressed, blushing with the embarrassment of it (Me blushing. Not him.). I could actually feel him watching me.
When I was ready to go he told me to leave my blind up. I was about to object, saw the look on his face and nodded instead.
"And if you hear a knock on your window tonight make sure you open it."
I glared at him. Talk about having gall. The trouble was, the look on his face said he was asking, not demanding. I sighed.
"We'll see," I grumbled.