Lilly blushed with a big grin on her face, while she watched Sarena undress, and blocked the view to eventual onlookers with her own body. This of course was not very effective and mostly an attempt at faking a basic amount of modesty.
As the beautiful dark-skinned elven girl pulled out her Gold colored bikini from her bag, Lilly could see how skimpy it was. The triangles covering mostly her nipples, where more acute to the top than usual and showed much sideboob and cleavage this way, but with her smaller breast almost a third of them were covered, instead of almost nothing for which, it was probably intended on more average-sized boobs.
The tiny cloth in her crotch area also only covered nothing more than really necessary for her not to be effectively nude, almost even less than this, because there was no piece of the fabric covering her butt, only a single string which disappeared between her big asscheeks. one could think she was walking around bottomless if looking at her from behind, and nothing prevented one to look at her butthole should she bent over far enough or spread her cheeks apart.
Her cock was also almost on display the tiny piece of fabric didn't really cover the base and hugged its shape tightly, while someone would be able to see the equivalent of a sideboob on her balls if they would ofcource get close enough for Sarena to feel their breath hitting her barely covered cock, just like Lilly was right now.
This was way kinkier than Lilly would have looked had she taken the first bikini she tried on which showcased her cock sheath.
"Fuck... Sarena... this is... way too lewd.. you look as if you were about to shoot a porno!" Sarena gave her a cocky smile. "I guess that means you like it?"
Lilly shook her head. "this means I have problems not to fuck you right here in front of everyone like you said back at the mall. So no I don't like it... I love it!"
Sarena giggled and pulled Lilly in to plant her face against her slowly twitching cock beneath the golden fabric of her Bikini, and letting her go after Lilly covered her entire crotch-area with kisses, and even left some black lipstick marks there.
"So we're going for a swim or what?"
Lilly blushed a little. "well I'm.. not really good at swimming, you know with avoiding a swimsuit most of my life, until you came and showed me i can hide my monster cock by stuffing it in me for the relative low price of almost certainly knocking myself up?"
Sarena pulled her up and took her hand. "Don't worry we don't have to go in deep, just getting you wet to cool off and have some fun."
Lilly grinned. "oh I don't know about you but I just had lots of fun right there."
she said and pointed at the elven crotch she just furiously kissed. wich made Sarena playfully roll her eyes. "not all fun is sexual."
Of which, Lilly replied as she was pulled between the other strand dwellers along towards the Ocean. "yes only the best kind of fun."
After a while on the beach, they got way less careful speaking lewd stuff out loud, they won't see most of the people here ever again, and even if they probably wouldn't recognize each other again unless she talked directly to them. Also, everyone was talking among themselves so it was hard to recognize what anyone was talking about unless you tried really hard to listen.
But she recognized how more people looked at them again, this time they were drawn in by her Elven friend, the shiny golden bikini was really eye-catching and once some eyes were caught there was much uncovered skin to gaze upon.
Lilly thought that she might should be envious about all the people ogling HER girlfriend, but she didn't feel that, maybe because she hardly knew Sarena beyond her being an awesome person and a kinky pervert and her having a magnificent body, but maybe she wouldn't have anything against it, if someone else doing more than just looking at the sexy elf but actually fucking her in front of Lilly. She might even like this idea, as long this someone was another girl, with or without an cock didn't matter much. Lilly preferred other futanari of course ever so slightly and watching two of them having fun sounds really hot, especially if one of them was Sarena.
All that horny thoughts made her cock twitch and rub against her cervix, so she didn't realize she was close to the water until she was already in and her cock twitched immediately shrinking even down a little as the cool water hit her crotch area.
After she overcame the initial shock of the sudden cold, she actually felt like in heaven walking deeper into the water and let the cold rush over her heated body as Sarena splattered her face with the cool ocean water.
"Fuck ahhh! w..wait you bitch!" screamed Lilly and splashed back, which was followed by a shrill squeak of the elven girl until a furious water fight broke loose.
Sarena had to fix her lewd bikini multiple times, as her nipples or cock got exposed from time to time, which made Lillys from the cold slightly shrank cock hard again and let it push more furiously against her cervix.
Sarena noticed also that Lilly's white bathing suit became obviously transparent but didn't tell her anything. Both girls let themselves fall down slightly exhausted at the shore to catch some air before slowly going back to the spot with their stuff while Lilly didn't notice that her blue nipples her animalistic sheath or even the fact that her cock was shoved into her own pussy was on display for everyone, but many others did notice, staring at her. The only one who was too exhausted to recognize this was Lilly herself, suddenly Sarena, pulled on Lilly's arm at half of the way back.
"Hey, how about some ice?" Lilly answered jokingly to that. "sounds cool."
which made Sarena groan, "I think you really did knock yourself up, you're already telling dad jokes."
both of them laughed before walking hand in hand towards the ice cream shop that was on the promenade bordering the beach.
As they arrived there they could see it was quite the line and they had to wait. with the sun burning down on them, the cold water they played in earlier was soon just a memory and Lilly started to think about stripping out of the swimsuit to have at least a little bit more skin exposed to the weak breeze that barely helped.
Sarena was hugging her suddenly from behind and groaned. "This is soo boring."
Lilly could only nod. but Sarena got suddenly an idea which let her grin deviously as she looked around, there were still a couple of people in front of them and everyone she could see where to distracted from the heat, fanning air into their faces or cleavages, gazing at the beach, probably thinking of abandoning the ice, too cool of in the water.
Sarena pulled her dick from her barely covering bikini bottom and pushing the already low bottom of Lillys slowly drying bathing suit down which was almost halfway opaque again as she thrusted her cock with a quick motion inside of Lillys asshole.
Lilly gasped confused and shocked. "W..what the fuck... what are you doing?"
Sarena just smiled. "Having fun? you know the best kind how you told me?"
Lilly could feel Sarena's cock rubbing through her insides against both her prostate and the cock inside of her birth canal which gotmuch harder and probing almost forcefully against her cervix.
"What if someone sees us?" Hissed Lilly, but her elven girlfriend only smiled and whispered seductively into her ear.
"First, they won't as long as you don't make a scene, second this is the revenge for the scene in the changing room, and third, you don't really have to worry about someone noticing anything anymore, just look down."
Lilly felt a little bit guilty again about the stunt she pulled in the mall but this was much riskier, though she had to admit she liked it from the first moment and would be disappointed if Sarena stopped now, but she was also a little bit confused, what does she mean by don't worry about someone noticing and looking down?
So she dit, to get at least a clue and widened her eyes to see her nipples push through the translucent fabric of her swimsuit and looking past that she could even vaguely recognize her sheath and the blue horse cock, though no one could see how it entered into her pussy, if someone looked at it for more than a few seconds, they could probably guess, this or her ass.
"Fuck! Why didn't you tell me?!" Her cock grew even harder pushing stronger against her cervix than ever before.
Sarena laughed quiet and soft over her shoulder. "well I thought you would have noticed it by now yourself and I also didn't want to ruin the fun, you wouldn't get in trouble for this I think, how else should you hide your wonderful meatstick and you could talk yourself out of it that you didn't know that this bathing suit get seethrough in the water because you just bought it, which isn't even a lie at all, you even have the receipt with you."
On one hand, Lilly was terrified that her horsecock and what she did with it was on display for everyone, no matter how exhibitionistic she was, it wasn't show everyone how I fuck myself with my freakish huge cock in public kind of exhibitionism, but on the other hand, she had to admit Sarena was right, she did nothing really wrong and had an excuse, and even tho she was shocked, about it, it didn't turn her off.
On the contrary, it did turn her on much more, maybe she really was the kind of fucking herself in public with her monster cock exhibitionist.
As she looked around she also noticed that either no one cared or noticed. as the line in front of her got shorter and shorter, she walked forward slowly and carefully so Sarena's cock could remain always completely inside, so it looked like the elf was just hugging her friend from behind, of course Sarena didn't fuck Lilly's ass she just remained inside of her, thrusting it in and out would be way too obvious but she had another devious idea in mind and just waited for the right moment.
Meanwhile Lilly's pussy got also more and more wet and slowly drenched the lower parts of her swimsuit which got more transparent down there, luckily the icecream salesman could only see the top half of her through the window where Lilly could feel the gaze wandering to her big breasts under the semi transparent fabric, but she ignored it.
"Two scoops of lemon please!" She said with a sudden high pitched voice, as she felt some warm liquid entering the insides of her ass, which made her cock inside throb and push past her cervix spreading it white open and flare-up inside of her womb while pumping a few thick globs of precum inside. Sarena was peeing inside of her butt!
That bitch! Thought Lilly and grid her teeth while her pervert elven girlfriend said with a husky voice. "And one with chocolate and strawberry for me."
Sarena managed to pull her cock out and hide it back in her bikini bottom without seemingly anyone noticing it, as soon as she took hold of her ice cream cone. Lilly followed waddling behind her as she clamped her butt cheeks down to stop the pee from flowing back out.
"Wait for me you stupid bitch!... I get a cramp holding your piss in.. what should I do about it?!"
Sarena just smiled quite satisfied with herself. "well you could just let it flow.. or, we find a quiet place for me to suck it out."
Lilly hissed quietly "you perverted horny slut of a bitch! Fuck! Let's get back here!"
She grabbed Sarena's hand and pulled her behind the icecream shop, where a lonely skinny three obscured them barely from the street but basically, everyone was on the other side of the shop and at the beach so it was mostly safe, and honestly if someone saw them it didn't matter much anymore as long it wasn't too obvious.
She pushed Sarena down and turned around with her back to the wall as she pulled her swimsuit bottom half to the side to reveal her ass and pushed Sarena's face in between her cheeks.
Lilly being so forcefully suddenly turned Sarena really on and made the thick black elven cock hard again, much harder then before so that she had problems hiding it in her skimpy bikini but this doesn't bother her much, she knew of her exhibitionistic tendencies for a long time, even tho she barely acted upon them before she met this sexy horse cocked demon, of which she had her face buried between the pale lilac ass cheeks, and grabbed her thighs, massaging them while pushing her tongue inside of her butthole where she sucked her own piss out eagerly while rubbing her cock through the tenting fabric of her bikini bottom.
Heaven existed she realized and it was between the butt cheeks of an exhibitionist perverted horse cocked demon girl named Lilly.
As Lilly felt how eager Sarena sucked and licked her own pee out of Lilly's butt, she started to guess that this might has been her plan all along.
Lilly didn't want to miss out, as soon as Sarena sucked everything out, she turned around pulling the bigger and stronger elven girl up pressing her with her big breasts against the wall.
"I hope for you that you still have enough in your mouth to share with your girlfriend. you know sharing is caring."
And she kissed the larger elven women by standing on the tip of her toes, who shared the mouthful of piss eagerly with her girlfriend while hugging her and giving her lots of tongue as she kissed her, they broke the kiss almost a minute later gulping down their equal share of piss while a string of saliva still connected their lips, they stared lovingly into each other's eyes.
Just now Lilly realized the eyes of the elven girl weren't black as she thought initially but a very dark vibrant greenish blue color. The warm tingle in her belly, close to the flared tip of her cock inside of her womb jet mostly unrelated to it was back again, slowly rising up closer to her heart almost hurting in her chest, but just almost.
"You called me your girlfriend!" said Sarena suddenly with a wide loving grin. "I think your thoughts about what we two have is a little clearer to you now?"
Lilly blushed, "I..don't want to rush things too much in that regard but, this is at least the hardest crush I ever had on someone and I really don't want it to stop".
Sarena's smile got even brighter. "I feel exactly the same, and to spare you from the humiliation of saying it too early I risk saying it too early myself. I fucking love you! You pervert slut! Love on first sight and what a sight it was!"
Lilly giggled pushing herself tighter against the taller elf and rubbing her bulge against the rock-hard cock of her which immediately began to drool precum.
"I love you too you fucking naughty bitch, I don't care if I will regret this later on, I'm walking around for everyone to see with my fucking dick in my pussy, which is right now sticking inside of my womb and filling it slowly with precum by the way. Who fucking cares about dating rules?... We had sex before we were even on a date, we met as you watched me masturbate and climbed into my window eager to be fucked by my horsecock. yes, I fucking love you and... I start to think not only in a sexual way, tho... it's hard to tell by all the sex we are having, but I'm almost Shure, it's more than that."
Both of them joined in another long fiery kiss with much tongue action before Sarena giggled. "did I ever tell you how cute you are? oh and... the fuck?! you're fucking your own womb right now?"
Lilly nodded. "Yes you did way on the start, also yes it got really hard and entered as you pissed inside of me, and it's making me crazy."
Sarena bit her lips and rubbed her hard cock against Lilly's bulge. "Fuck that's hot, lets's get back to our stuff and...."
She looked down to see their melted ice cream cones on the ground they completely forgot about them in the heat of things.
"Shit! Well, there goes our ice." she said disappointed and spied around the corner to see an equally long line as before.
"forget about the ice I guess.. we will be here till sundown if we get to the back of the line."
Lilly agreed equally disappointed by this but she couldn't say the adventure at the ice cream shop wasn't worth it.
As they went back while the sun got already much lower then it was when they originally got to the beach, Lilly looked out this time for all the disapproving, shocked and straight up horny gazes on her body, which was mostly unrevealed by her transparent swimsuit and especially at her crotch thanks to her wet pussy soaking it's bottom part, but Sarena got basically as many looks of the same kind, with her already barely covering slutty bikini and the now rock-hard cock tenting the bottom and pulling the string part between her pussy lips so they weren't covered anymore at all.
Lilly pulled Sarena on the way back closer to the water, to make a little detour into the ocean, for once to cool off a little bit again, and second to resoaking all of her swimsuit again. Sarena watched her as Lilly went back to the shore, with the swimsuit completely transparent and useless to hide anything.
"I thought it terrified you to let them see you fuck yourself in public?"
She grinned at her and rubbed her dick under the almost as useless bikini bottom she was wearing. Lilly just smiled at her and took her hand to get back to their stuff.
"it does, that's what is turning me on so much."
As they walked back she recognized the big dicked orc girl and her friends sitting in a circle talking about something while one of the other futas in the group noticed Lilly and her ridiculously perverted outfit, before she pointed it out to the rest who looked eagerly after the exhibitionistic couple that walked by them, Lilly had the impression that they weren't displeased by what they saw, she would almost be so bold to say they seemed turned on by her and her girlfriend.
As they got back to their stuff and sat down on the blanked she realized the girl that noticed her had followed them. She seemed sporty but not quite as muscular as Sarena or her orc friend, she had dark brown hair and looked a little bit Asian, like probably one of her parents or grandparents came from there, but the features were too faint to pinpoint an exact culture or place where they might originate from. she was definitively human besides that, and had boobs almost as big as Lillys, though they were hidden in an much more modest sporty looking bikini and Lilly could see quite the boner in her pants though it wasn't nearly as big as Sarenas.
"I don't want to seem rude but.. ehm we noticed your.. well skimpy outfits, w..we have no problem with that at all but. I'm just curious, is that some mishap or are you guys, walking around like this on purpose. sorry if that's rude but I really couldn't not ask."
Lilly looked past the girl to the others of her group who were sitting somewhat close but still far enough so they couldn't hear.
"Well, bit of both to be honest. It started as a clothing mishap but, it turned us on so we went with it. why are you asking.. want to see more?" Said Lilly pointing with a nod to the girl's boner while laying down on her back for the blushing girl completely on display.
"No no...well I mean I'm not against it...eh c...can I?" she looked back to her friends and then again to Lilly and Sarena.
"I...is that a real horse cock?.. i..is it sticking in yourself?.. how is this a mishap?"
Sarena was eager to answer. "Well, you can take a closer look if you want to get sure, unless you also want to touch it. And on why it's inside of her. Well, how else should she hide it in her swimsuit?"
The girl blushed even more and bit her lips. "Well that makes sense but... that you are willing to do this so you can wear a swimsuit, and... being able to do that in the first place.. did you say touching?"
Lilly nodded. "Yea I would let you if you really want to."
This seemed to gave the futa girl cold feet. She looked back to her friends who were all looking eagerly in their direction.
"I think I have to go back to my friends." she said with an nervous smile and ran back to them where she talked to them wildly gesturing.
"A shame.. she was really cute." Said Sarena before leaning down and kissing her girlfriend passionately for several minutes and slowly groping her big breasts until the voice of the girl from before was there again.
"E..excuse me, I really don't want to interrupt you and you just have to tell me and I'm away not bothering you anymore but,... I...I and my friends want to ask you if you would hang out with us, and well we see where it goes from there I guess."
Lilly and Sarena broke the wet kiss and were looking at each other and the blushing girl, that looked at them with a nervous yet hopeful smile.
It was now later in the evening and the low-hanging sun was about to turn more orange than yellow and colored the sky with itself into a slightly more reddish color. But also it was still pretty bright outside, more than half of the visitors left the beach.
Lilly was quite happy, that she and the other girls pooled in what they had for food, especially after the orcish girl named Sue announced that she was making a barbeque, Lilly and Sarena haven't eaten all day, besides all the semen Her elven girlfriend has poured down her throat in the changing room earlier.
They sat in a circle with the other four girls and was eating sandwiches, some of them were made by Sarena. While Sue set up the grill and fired it up. They didn't know if this was legal but they actually didn't care much, especially Lilly for all the perverted stuff she had done today in public.
Her bathing suit was still translucent but started to slowly dry off again. She slowly looked around in the circle at the other girls and tried to follow on what they were talking about.
Despite walking around basically naked with her equally lewd girlfriend in public she didn't lose her shyness around groups of people. And even tho she was rather often the center of attention in the last 15 minutes since they joined the group, she didn't talk much.
The futa who invited her was named Jessy, and technically speaking she was a trans girl. the incident left her unchanged at first, but as soon she had hit puberty she turned into a futa, this wasn't really uncommon, everyone since the incident had a small chance to go through a little to average transformation during puberty.
In Jessy's case, she actually was a closeted transgirl for a long time before that happened, tho it definitively caused hardship for her until her parents finally excepted that they not only have a daughter now, but that they never really had a son in the first place. In the end, this change was the best thing ever happened to Jessy.
The other futa besides the orc girl in the group was one of two half-elven twins named Lucy, this wasn't common to happen at their age, most halfbreeds as they were sometimes called, happened naturally if a human and someone who changed during the incident into an elf had a child.
They on the other hand were way too old for this to be possible. but during the incident, very close relatives often changed similarly. Their mother turned into an elf, their father don't, but they got stuck in the middle of it.
Lucy got her dick during puberty similar to how Jessy did, only that she was a cis girl from the start. Her sister Cindy was beside this identical to her, they even whore the same hairstyle.
They had bright blue eyes and whitish straw blond hair bound to low-hanging pigtails and even bigger breasts than Lilly had, plus they where almost as tall as Sarena.
An odd thing Lilly noticed tho, was how suspiciously close they two were, basically constantly hugging and with a shimmer in their eyes that makes Lilly fantasize that both of them were always making out with each other if the other girls weren't looking.
The last girl beside the orc was a halfling of Hispanic descent named Miranda, by far the smallest girl, with black curling hair, a red elegant swimsuit and a curvy body, her breasts would have been equal to those of the twins if she was of human size.
She wasn't from here and was only around to visit a relative of hers before she met the other girls and decided to hang around. Lilly could see how she always eyed the huge bulge that was Sue's cock.
Sue on the other hand had by far the biggest breasts but she was of course over two meters thirty tall. There is a prejudice concerning orcs, that they where stupid or ugly, but this was bullshit, especially if Lilly looked at this amazonian tall green beauty with flaming red hair bound in a single thick braid.
Orcs weren't more or less intelligent, or good looking than any human. The only difference was their size, musculature, small tusks and fangs who were most of the time not visible unless they spoke, pointy but not elongated ears and green, brown, or gray skin.
Also, another difference was that they had less sexual dimorphism in some regards, or to be more specific in the case of the orcs. women, despite looking as feminin as human women. Where as strong and as tall as male orcs.
Sue was wearing a black bikini top and loose red swimshorts to hide her big member, which they kinda failed at. Lilly had seen it often bulging out the fabric despite being flaccid. And sometimes she could even see it uncovered if she was looking up the legs of her shorts, if it doesn't poke out of there from time to time when she sat down. But Sue didn't seem to bother that it was visible to others especially around her friends.
"So.. how does it actually feel to fuck yourself?"
Asked Cindy and eyed the visible part of Lilly's cock where it was going inside of her own pussy, which was still the most transparent part of her swimsuit. Her pussy wouldn't stop drooling juices ever since the tip of her flared cock decided to violate her womb.
Lilly blushed, her voice and demeanor were less bratty and confident as if she was alone with Sarena or maybe one more person but she still answered in a rather husky tone.
"Well.. its.. really fucking good.. to be honest, I can only recommend it tho... I'm kinda worried of about the consequences you know cumming inside and so on."
The other girls giggled but Lucy and Cindy only looked at each other for a moment before Lucy now spoke.
"It would be kinda like incest right? I mean who is more related to you than yourself?"
Sarena chimed in with an amused smile on her face. "Speaking of incest it's rather ironic that you speak of that, what is actually going on between you sisters?"
Everyone besides them both laughed but looked eager at them for a response while the twins looked down and blushed. But Lilly noticed no one around seemed disgusted by the thought, some were just really curious while Jessy, Sarena, and Miranda looked kinda aroused as this topic was brought up.
"Well w...we would never.." Began Cindy, but sue Laughed out in her surprisingly feminine voice.
"Bullshit! The way you two are hugging and looking at each other all the time, there is way more than sisterly affection going on, you can tell us."
She looked around. "We wouldn't judge you any more than this exhibitionist beauty with her cock in her own pussy."
Lilly blushed and looked down similarly to the twins, before she heard Sarena saying. "Actually she told me it's already deep in her womb." Lilly turned even redder and hid her face beneath her hand.
"What it's s...soo big?" asked Miranda with big eyes.
Wich made Sue laugh loud. "Getting excited for a huge cock little one? Will you stare now constantly at hers now you know it's probably even bigger than mine?"
Now it was Miranda to blush but she also gave the orc girl a cocky smile. "Maybe I am, but might be too big for me, yours on the other hand I could take without breaking a sweat."
The girls could see how the massive orc shaft began to twitch and bulge as she grinned back to the halfling,showing her small tusks.
"You sure? You have seen it only completely soft until now."
Miranda gulped audibly as she heard that and looked down to the twitching cock beneath Sue's shorts while everyone laughed.
"By the way food is ready." Said Sue as the laughter died down.
It was getting even darker and the sun was now a fading red ball sinking halfway beneath the ocean, as the seven girls finished their meal, now the beach was mostly empty.
"What are we going to do next?" Asked Lucy holding Cindy a little bit tighter. "Should we call it a day? And go home?"
Sarena giggled and sat herself behind the twins, hugging them. "Eager to disappear somewhere with your sister are we?"
Sue laughed as she saw the faces the twins made, they looked really guilty and suspiciously away from each other.
"Mhh also we can't leave until I had my fun with you, you teased me all day by eyeballing my dick as if it was a candy cane."
Said the orc girl and pulled Miranda closer in, who blushed immediately but didn't shy down, she laid a hand on the lap of the orc girl instead, rubbing Sue's member through her shorts.
Lilly looked to the only girl as shy as herself. Jessy's cock was tenting her bikini bottom as her gaze wandered between Sue and Miranda, and Sarena with the twins back and forth.
Lilly decided to have a little fun on her own and sat behind the human futa pushing her big breast against the back of her head while speaking with more confidence than before to the group, while Jessy blushed so hard, Lilly could feel the heat emanating from the other futa's head between her boobs.
"Is this going to be something like a beach orgy? or is my horny mind playing tricks on me, from having my cock so deep in my womb?"
Everyone looked at each other in dead silence, besides Lilly who only grinned deviously. It was Sarena who broke the silence again and spoke to the Twins.
"Sounds hot, hey how about this you cuties, if you are too shy to admit to a few fellow perverts that you want to fuck each other, how about you both fucking me instead?"
Both of them looked at each other and then at the other girls of the group and back to Sarena.
"Fuck yeah!" They said in unison.
Miranda was about to pull Sue's huge cock out of her Shorts and began to lick the green shaft up and down.
"You guys... what if someone sees us?" Asked Jessy in what seemed to be a little bit of panic.
But no one seemed to care besides Lilly. "Don't worry this spot is kinda hidden behind a dune and... if someone else will catch us... well in my case I would probably get even hornier."
She said and let her hand wander down to Jessy's erect cock, who stammered shyly, "But..but what about.."
She didn't come to ask what exactly about, because Lilly silenced her with a long tongue-involved kiss. While she saw in the corner of her eye how Sarena was laying down, Cindy put a condom over her cock with her mouth, while Lucy watched, stroke her own cock and rubbing it in Sarena's face.
Miranda was sitting a little bit further away from Sue with a mixture of fear, awe, and lust on her face as she was looking at the fully erect orc cock. This one was now as thick as Lilly's, but more human in shape and only a bit more than a third of Lilly's members length. But the halfling got back up and pulled her swimsuit down before getting closer to the hard orc shaft.
Meanwhile, Lilly began to stroke Jessys cock trough the fabric of her Bikini bottom before she broke the kiss. "And.. do you want to fuck me?" She asked the bright red blushing girl with a raging boner in her hand.
Jessy replyed with a nod. "Ever since I saw you walking by." Lilly took off her own swimsuit while Jessy watched and stripped out of her own bikini.
Cindy rode Sarena's cock who was sticking deep in her asshole, while Lucy kneeled over the dark skinned elven face and thrusted her cock in and out of her mouth and her balls were slapping every time in Sarena's face, while both massive naked tits of the twins bounced up and down sometimes slapping against each other.
Around the orcish-halfling couple were quite a few broken condoms lying around in the sand, while Miranda ripped another one obliterated by the massive orc cock just from putting it on, off the green member and said. "Fuck it... take me raw." And lay down with widespread legs.
Sue blinked a little dumbfounded at first before she grinned at the much smaller Hispanic woman and rubbed her hard cock over her body before prodding it aganced her eager Pussy. Lilly lay down similar to how Miranda did and spread her asscheeks as Lilly looked at her and bite her lips.
"I'm fetching a condom!" Said Jessy, about to get up but Lilly held her back. "I came already inside myself once today, and there isn't much danger from cumming inside of my butt."
Jessy nodded slowly and nervously as she pushed her cock against Lilly's twitching butthole before slowly pushing it inside. Jessy was way gentler than Sarena was, even though the forcefulness was part of what she liked in the sex, she had with her girlfriend, this was nice too. She hugged Jessy and pulled her down into a sloppy lustful kiss which was rather messy in contrast to the gentle lovemaking, she experienced in her butthole.
They could hear the high-pitched moans of Miranda who's pussy was probably impaled by sues cock. "Fuck you going to break me like the condoms! Fuck... fuck fuck me harder you green bitch!"
At the corners of her eyes, she could see how the twins on top of Sarana were now holding both of their hands and pressing their bouncy tits together, while kissing even wilder and sloppier than she did with Jessy, certainly not the kind of kiss sisters shuld have.
As Jessy's cock slowly went deeper she could feel it rubbing against her prostate and her own cock through her insides, just like before when Sarena pissed inside of her butt. This made her cock pulsate and got to its full size and hardness, stretching her womb from inside and so the tip of her massive cock became visible under her belly.
Suddenly Jessy squealed loud and her thrusts got way more forcefully. But not only that, it's like her entire body got thrusted against Lilly and she could feel Jessy's abs rub against her cock through her belly and stretched out womb.
As Lilly looked up she could see Sarena, who was holding with her teeth the cum filled condom she was wearing when Cindy had ridden her cock with her ass. she was leaning over them as she thrusted her own cock into Jessy's butt who moaned in bliss.
Lilly looked over at the twins. Cindy was laying on the side with one leg over the shoulder of her sister who was fucking her furiously, they decided to ditch a condom.
Sue pounded Miranda's halfling pussy by holding her, as if she was a living flashlight, while Miranda herself licked and drooled all over Sue's shredded abs, as her face was forced against them and rubbed up and down by Sue's hard thrusts. Cum splattered around Sue's legs and over her balls that were slapping Miranda's butt when she thrusted hard into her cum leaking pussy she must have come at least once already.
Sarena's and subsequently also Jessy's thrusts got even quicker and wilder as both futas moaned loud, when Lilly could feel how Jessys cum entered her butthole while still pounding her prostate. This was too much for her and brought herself over the edge, as torrents of cum splattered from her cock inside of her own womb filling it up until her belly expanded from all the cum, as if she was at least seven months pregnant.
Jessy slided down from her but with her cock still buried in Lilly's ass after Sarena pulled her own out of the human futanaris ass. She was wearing another condom which was filled with cum from fucking Jessy's ass.
Lilly could see how Miranda was standing up with shaky legs, her belly also expanded from all that orc cum but not nearly as much as Lilly's. as she popped off Sue's tip, all the cum spilled back out of her well fucked pussy.
Cindy and Lucy were done fucking each other, tho Cindy had still the cock of her twin sister inside of her cum dripping pussy, while they embraced each other in a loving hug, caressing each other. But all of them looked ad Lilly's pregnant-looking belly.
"Fuck. you said you came already inside yourself today? Why wasn't your belly bloated already if you cum so much?!" Asked Jessy in awe while Lilly only shrugged.
"My cock wasn't completely inside as I did last time, so it did flow out again. But... I never realized how much it really is.. fuck, I think all hope is gone that I come out of this without getting pregnant from myself.."
Sue grinned as she came closer with Miranda in her arms. "At least you won't be the only one probably being knocked up today."
She said and patted the halfling's head before she looked back to the two twins, who were still making out together and blushed deeply red as they realized what they had done in front of everyone.
"So much to you would never mh?" Cindy bit her lips and shrugged. "Well in that case who cares then. We are incestuous perverts!"
Sarena took the filled condom out of her mouth and smiled. "Sounds hot, your definitely welcome with me and my girlfriend as fellow perverts."
She grinned deviously while sucking the cum out of the condom, before pulling the other one of her cock and doing the same before kneeling to the side of Lilly and sharing the cum with her in a wild fiery kiss.
The sun where nowhere to be seen anymore as the girls finished their orgy. They shared their phone numbers all around and opened up a group chat, for them to keep in touch for some possible future debaucheries or just to hang out.
The other girls seemed quite disappointed as Lilly and Sarena decided to keep her dick inside to seal up her cum filled womb for now, because Sarena had an idea of what to do with it when they came home.
The others were eager to see her cock in all its glory but Lilly and Sarena promised to post some pictures of it in the group chat as soon as they get it out. also, they might be able to see it live on another date.
Sarena and Lilly put on their regular street clothes again, this made Lilly's cum filled belly stick out under her shirt and she also decided to ditch her panties as they were walking back to the bus stop.