This is a continuation of Wife Discovers Erotic Photography series. The title has been changed to conform to new title length limitations. My apologies for any confusion.
Recap: Chris suggested his wife, Stephanie pose nude for a professional photographer. He overcame her reluctance and she agreed. They found a photographer and she scheduled a session for color boudoir style photographs. Stephanie discovered how erotic it was posing nude. She and her husband were turned on looking at her photos. Her posing added a new dimension to their sex life. Chris encouraged his wife to pose more erotically. Things progressed rapidly from there. She posed for more erotic and explicit black and white shots. At his suggestion she posed with a male model. This really turned them on. Her second session with the same model involved simulated sex, or so she told her husband. She posed with other models telling her husband the sex was all simulated. In actuality she was building a private collection of actual sex. She was surprised how turned on her husband was and how he liked looking at her sex scenes. In spite of his wife's protestations Chris had his doubts. He studied her photos trying to see evidence of penetration. All doubts were erased at an exhibit of the photographer's erotic photos. It was obvious that Stephanie was one of the models.
The original Chapter 4 ended with the wife inviting an older model home so her husband could take his own photos. I decided to go in a different direction and added new chapters. This revised version has the couple going home alone to look at her private collection.
Background: The story takes place before digital photography, the Internet, cell phones, etcetera.
****************
As soon as they got into the car, Chris leaned over and gave Stephanie a deep kiss. She moaned and opened her mouth to accept his tongue. He reached into her dress and cupped one of her breasts. She arched her back and pushed the fullness of her breast into his palm. He felt her nipple getting erect.
Stephanie moaned, "Ohh.. god that feels so good. I take it you liked the exhibit. Was it what you were expecting?"
Her husband replied, "I really liked it. It was a lot more than I expected. It was really hot."
"I'm glad you liked them. Let's get home. I have some other things to show you you're going to like."
Chris pulled out of the parking lot. He asked Stephanie, "I didn't think any of the other models were going to be there."
"I didn't know Ron was going to be there. I'm glad you didn't get mad at me the way I was flirting with him."
"I didn't mind. I liked watching you and Ron."
She caressed his thigh. "Thank you for being so understanding." Stephanie lowered her voice, "Tell me what you liked watching."
Chris was thinking the way Ron appreciated his wife's outfit when she walked over to him. Ron was definitely fixated on his wife's breasts.
"I liked the way he was looking at you. I could tell he was looking at your tits."
"He told me he liked my outfit, but I knew he was really talking about my tits. Especially since he has already had his hands on them. Were you turned on thinking about our session?"
"I was. I was looking at some of the photographs and imagining you and Ron together."
She leaned over to her husband and lowered her voice, "And what about other men? Do you think they thought I was hot? Did that turn you on when other men looked at my tits?"
Chris thought about her sessions, "You know I get turned on when you show off. I liked it when I could tell other men were looking at you."
"Tell me about them."
"There were at least two guys who were looking at you. They were talking about the photographs of the married blonde woman fucking two men. One man looked in your direction and talked about the hot blonde in the low-cut dress."
He continued to tell her how they talked about her tits and ass. "They even wondered if you had a hot pussy."
She laughed, "And did you tell them I do?"
"No I just listened. I have to admit it was pretty hot listening to two guys talk about you."
She settled back in her seat thinking what Chris's reaction would be when he saw her private collection. Chris couldn't wait to see her other photographs. He had to concentrate on his speed to avoid a ticket.
They soon arrived home. Stephanie said she was going up to the bedroom to get comfortable. Chris told her he wanted to see more of her in her sexy dress.
She agreed, "Ok. I'll get my private collection."
Chris already had wine poured when she came back downstairs with her photographs.
She looked at Chris and teasingly said, "Are you sure you are ready for these?"
He laughed, "Probably not. But I thought you had other photographs." He placed a hand on her thigh. "Let's see them."
She took out a couple. They were of the first shoot with another model.
Chris said in a confused voice, "You've shown me these. I didn't think anything happened."
"Not much happened, but I wanted to show you from the beginning."
In the first shot, Stephanie was on her back with her lover's hand underneath the waistband of her panties. He thought it was the same one he had already seen, but then noticed her lover's hand was deeper in her panties. It must have been resting on her pussy.
Chris exclaimed, "He touched your pussy on the first shot? What did you think?"
"It did take me by surprise. He was just teasing me. He just had a couple of fingers touching me. I didn't do anything. It was kind of hot having him touch me. Besides, I knew it was going to happen sooner or later."
The next was when her lover kissed his way down her abdomen. He had pulled her panties down over her mound and was kissing over her light curls. He touched her again when she was on her stomach and his hand was in her panties. Instead of just cupping the globes of her ass his hand was between her legs. It was obvious he was touching her pussy again.
Stephanie told him, "That was one that started turning me on. He lightly stroked my pussy. He asked me how I liked it."
"What did you say to him?"
Stephanie just laughed, "Well, I didn't tell him to stop. I told him it felt good. He stroked me a couple of times until Jeff told me to get up on my knees."
Chris recognized the photos when her lover slipped her panties off of her hips. He stroked her upper thigh and brushed her pussy. Stephanie had opened her legs and her slit was plainly visible. He knelt behind her and brushed her slit with the head of his cock.
Chris asked her, "He didn't fuck you did he?"
Stephanie laughed again. "No silly, he was just teasing me again."
The last shot pictured both of them standing next to each other. One of Stephanie's breasts was pushed into his side and she was grasping his cock. They were both smiling at the camera.
She asked her husband, "Well what do you think?"
"I didn't think anything would happen on the first shoot with another model. Was that planned?"
She corrected him, "You mean my lover. No we didn't plan that. Jeff just wanted to take a picture of my first shoot with another model. I decided to tease him back by feeling his cock. Are you ready for more?"
Chris thought about her second shoot. His voice was a little quieter. He told her, "Sure. Show me some more.'
She pulled out some more photographs. "Here is what else the married woman did with her lover."
She showed him the beginning of the shoot with her being spooned by her lover. There was a shot with his hand in her panties. But like the last session, his hand was further in touching her pussy.
Stephanie told her husband, "Jeff was encouraging him to play with my pussy. He was doing more than just resting his fingers on me. I knew this shoot was going to be more explicit."
Chris asked her, "What did you do? Did think about pulling his hand out of your panties?"
She replied, "I have to confess, I didn't do anything. I let him play with me. I was turned on thinking about other people watching."
Then she showed him the sequence when her lover had removed her bra and was kneeling behind her cupping her breasts. He moved one hand from her breast and slipped it in her panties. The married woman's legs were open giving her lover better access to her pussy. The camera captured the look of passion on her face has her lover stimulated her pussy. Chris liked one close-up of his hand opening up her panties. It was obvious that one finger was in her pussy.
"Here are the ones I know you were wondering about."
He remembered the ones he liked with Stephanie on her side resting on one of her elbows leading to the simulated blowjob. Her lover was kneeling by her head. Unlike the originals Chris saw, these were taken showing Stephanie's face instead of the back of her head. The camera angled from a perspective at her feet. The shots Stephanie originally showed him ended with her kissing below his navel with his thatch brushing her chin.
The camera then captured her lightly kissing the head of his cock. There were a couple of more close-ups of just the head of his cock with Stephanie kissing and licking him. Then she took him into her mouth. She sucked him hard. His ball sac had tightened up. There were other full body shots showing the married woman sucking her lover. She was using a lot of tongue.
Chris knew this was going to happen, but he was still stunned. "Steph, these are great. But I can't believe you gave him a blowjob on just your second shoot."
"I know. It just happened so fast. When I am posing, I just follow Jeff's instructions. It was Riva that told me to kiss his cock. After I kissed him, there was no stopping. She even gave me tips on how to suck for the camera. Notice the shots using more of my tongue." She lowered her voice and kissed his ear, "Don't you like the way the married woman is sucking her lover's cock?"
Chris couldn't believe that he was listening to his wife give a clinical discussion on how to suck a cock. But it was turning him on.
He pictured Riva and Jeff's assistant watching, while Jeff took photos of his wife sucking another man's cock, "Yeah. I really like watching the married woman suck a cock."
Stephanie shifted to her back. Her lover was kneeling by her head with his erect cock was resting on her mouth so she could lick him. Her legs were spread open. He was fingering her pussy. There were close-ups showing two fingers in her pussy. She was getting very wet. Her pubic hair on the side of her vagina was matted down with moisture.
Her lover was kneeling between her legs. The married woman was rubbing his erect cock up and down her slit. Her pussy was visibly very wet. There were close-ups of just the tips of her fingers guiding his cock to the entrance of her enflamed cunt. His cock entered her pussy. There were a variety of full body and close-ups of the married woman fucking her lover. Chris liked the close-ups of her lover's cock penetrating the married woman's pussy. There was one with her legs spread wide and just the head of his cock in her opening.
The next shot stunned him. It showed her lover cumming on her stomach and abdomen.
He exclaimed to his wife, "Jeez Steph, he came right on you."
"Of course he did. None of the male models cum inside the females. Besides, Jeff wanted to get cum shots. I was surprised though when he pulled out and shot all over my stomach."
Stephanie was on her back with a dreamy expression. Her legs were spread. There were splashes of cum on her stomach all the way to matting her light curls. Cum was even dripping down her pussy.
"That's a lot of cum."
"I know. I found out later that for the sex scenes, Jeff wants male models that are heavy cummers."
"What about you? Did you cum?"
Stephanie gave a light laugh, "Oh yeah. I came." She pushed his hand further up her skirt and lowered her voice, "I really came."
She showed him a couple of shots showing her mouth open with an expression of passion.
"What happened next? I thought in the original pictures there were other positions."
She didn't answer but showed him a shot of her lover on his back. The married woman cleaned his cock and sucked him back hard. There were close-up of her squeezing cum out of his cock and rubbing it on her lips. She straddled him, raised her leg and positioned his cock at her gaping opening. Unlike the originals Stephanie showed him, these were taken from various angles showing penetration.
In the final scene the married woman was on knees. Her lover was kneeling behind her rubbing his cock against her pussy. He pussy was no longer a closed slit, but very open from his fucking. Like the other positions, these were taken from a variety of angles showing penetration. Her lover finished by cumming on her ass. Jeff captured cum dripping down her open pussy.
Stephanie unbuckled her husband's belt, unzipped him and slid her hand into his boxers. Feeling his hard cock, she told him, "It looks like someone is getting turned on watching the married woman in bed with a lover."
Chris pushed her skirt to her waist and opened her legs. He put his hand under the waistband of her panties to find her pussy fully drenched. He put two fingers into her slick opening. Chris pulled her panties off and got down between her legs. He looked up at his wife. Her breasts were swollen with desire and lips parted with a look of lust.
She looked down at her husband, "That's it. Eat my naughty married pussy."
She spoke lewdly about fucking her lover while her husband ate her hot cunt.
"Mmmm... you eat my pussy so good. It felt so good fucking for the camera with other people watching. Jeff and Riva were telling my lover to fuck me."
She continued to talk dirty. She described how good it felt when she came on her lover's cock. She grabbed Chris's head and pulled him tighter against her cunt as she came on his mouth.
She lay down on the sofa as her husband got between her legs and sank his full six- plus inches into her dripping pussy.
Stephanie continued encouraging her husband, "That's it fuck me just like my lovers."
As he fucked his wife, Chris thought of the images of Stephanie fucking another man. His cock tightened up as he shot a blast of cum into her cunt. Stephanie followed soon after with an orgasm of her own.
They relaxed after coming down from their sexual high. They sat back up on the couch and sipped their wine.
Chris rested his arm on the back of the sofa and lightly caressed the back of her neck. He asked if the sex shots were planned.
She replied, "No. We just planned simulated sex. Like I said before, Jeff and I planned the scenario of the married woman in bed with her lover. Jeff explained it would be like movies where there is simulated sex. He showed me pictures of how it was done. Although he did show me some of actual sex. And Riva had shown me pictures of her having sex."
"What did you think would happen?"
"Well, I knew after the first shot there would be more intimate touching. And I knew I was going to touch his cock again. I did fantasize what it would be like to fuck on camera. Once the shot began, Riva encouraged me."
She pulled out shots of Randall and told her husband, "And here is the session with my black lover where I knew I was going to fuck for the camera."
Stephanie showed her husband more of the kissing ones. "I really liked kissing him. And you can see me feeling his cock."
They looked at the ones where the married woman was facing her lover and looking at the camera.
"Look honey, this is where you catch me and my lover. You can stay and watch what other naughty things I did for the camera."
Chris was still getting used to how sexually blatant Stephanie had become since she started posing.
Stephanie showed her husband the sequence with the married woman on her knees in front of her lover. Taken from a variety of angles, there were shots of her licking and kissing his black cock. His balls were tight as she licked them.
Stephanie was enflamed as she showed her husband shots of the married woman on her knees sucking her lover's cock. She moved Chris's hand to her pussy.
He felt her open juicy cunt, "It looks like someone else likes looking at the married woman and her black lover."
Stephanie didn't reply. They continued to go through the photographs. Chris couldn't believe how many shots there were of Stephanie sucking her lover's cock.
Stephanie said. "Look her are the close-ups of the married woman getting her pussy eaten."
The married woman was lying on her back with her legs spread wide. Her young black lover was in between them eating her cunt. He was visibly tonguing her slit. Stephanie was leaning on her elbows looking at her lover. Jeff captured a series of shots of Stephanie cumming on her lover's tongue.
They continued to look at the photographs taken with the married woman's lover on his back. Stephanie relived getting him hard for the camera. She showed her husband one of her favorites looking at the camera with a black cock halfway in her mouth.
Chris was stunned but turned on at the same time. He was mesmerized as Stephanie showed him shots of her fucking. The sequence showed her black lover easing his cock into her pussy. His cock was glistening from Stephanie's juices. She remembered how good it felt has he stretched out her married cunt.
Chris was looking forward to the cum shot but was unprepared for shots of his wife's breasts covered with her lover's white sticky liquid. One close-up showed cum dripping from one of her erect nipples.
Stephanie teased her husband, "Look at the cum on the married woman's tits. If you were there, you could lick my tits. Would you like to lick his cum from my nipples?"
Chris didn't answer. He wondered if he could do anything like that and what it would taste like.
More intense sex followed. They ended fucking two more times before finally exhausting themselves.
A couple of days later Chris called Jeff.
"Stephanie and I really like exhibition. I couldn't believe the explicit photographs you had on display. It was a lot different seeing them framed and displayed like that than when I saw them in your office."
"Thanks. I'm glad you enjoyed them. It was very successful. It's going to give me the money I need for expansion. Like I told you guys the other night, Stephanie really helped out."
"The reason I called you is to set up a session with Stephanie and Ron."
"I take it you saw Stephanie's other photographs. I hope you weren't mad at her."
"Not at all. Just the opposite. Although the cum shots surprised me."
Jeff chuckled, "I guess Stephanie told you none of the guys cum inside my models. I need it for my shots."
"She did tell me that. Even though I was not expecting them, they were pretty hot. Anyway, I remembered what you said about husbands setting up sessions for their wives. At the time I just didn't picture myself setting up Stephanie."
He told Jeff what he had in mind. Jeff thought that Ron would go along with that.
Jeff said, "Stephanie will like a scenario with two guys. Did you have anyone in mind for the second man?"
"How about someone like Ron."
"That sounds good. Two older men taking on the young wife. I will make sure the other guy is hung. I won't have any problem setting it up."
Jeff went on to suggest having the shoot at Ron's house. He said that Ron had a rec room with a bar they could use for the setting. He said he would check with Ron to schedule and call Stephanie to confirm.
When Chris ended the call, he couldn't believe he had set up a session with his wife and two well-endowed men.
(to be continued)