Author's Note:
This story was written as a stand alone; however, if you like this story then you should read the original Need For Release 4-part series. Hope you enjoy :)
****
Following her appointment with Damien, Isabella's neediness for orgasm flourished. Her ability to satisfy herself, on the other hand, lessened. Isabella found herself relentlessly pulling up her skirt and rubbing the wetness between her lips. Her insatiable desire to touch herself became a habit. Soon, Isabella began mindlessly massaging her sweet spots. Even in public.
On several occasions, Isabella embarrassed herself with these thoughtless indulgences. Awaiting a latte, Isabella was caught by the café barista brushing her nipples with her freshly done fingernails. That same week, while participating in a budget meeting, Isabella massaged her swollen clitoris under the table. She was nearly caught in the act when her coworker Ethan bent under the table; her legs had quickly slammed shut. Finally at a restaurant with a girlfriend, she mistakenly let out a moan as she brought herself to climax in the bathroom stall.
As an accountant in her mid-twenties, Isabella questioned why she had never experienced a sex-drive like this before. She hoped this manic horniness would soon be handled. Isabella's fingers became sore from her constant need to pleasure herself. After a week of masturbation and embarrassment, Isabella's needs persisted. At last, she resolved to find a better release.
The following Saturday, she gently tied her light blonde curls into a ponytail and applied a thin layer of lip gloss to her pouty pink lips. Today would be the day she ventured to her local sex shop. She wore a tight white tank top, a black miniskirt and flip flops. Isabella opted to go braless. She loved the freedom of not wearing a bra and more recently, she enjoyed catching men gazing at her private pink nipples poking through.
Once ready, Isabella walked to the sex shop in the Saturday sunshine. She observed as men drove by, craning to catch another glimpse of her bouncing breasts. She savored the sensation of a light breeze lifting her skirt as she strolled along the sidewalk. Secretly, she hoped her skirt lifted in the breeze and exposed her bum to passersby.
Inside the shop, it was dimly lit with a soft scent of vanilla in the air. Isabella wondered around, like a deer in headlights, admiring the many sex toys. As she examined the wall of cocks, she felt her wetness expand in her little panties. She couldn't help but imagine how satisfying it would be to stuff herself with a girthy dildo. Maybe then she would feel full again, just as she had with Damien. Isabella reached out her hand to touch a nearby vibrator.
"Hello dear, can I help you?"
Isabella startled and briskly pulled her hand back. She had not seen anyone when she first entered. She searched the room for the owner of the voice. The voice was raspy and feminine, perhaps a previous smoker?
Isabella's eyes settled on a tall woman standing next to the sales counter. She stood with bold confidence. A classic MILF. Her breasts were large and her lips were swollen. She sported a tan minidress, featuring her long model legs. Her skin was golden, her hair was bleached platinum. She was elegant, yet she held a strong air of raw sexuality.
"I... uh... I was just drawn to this... uh... item." Isabella gulped.
To Isabella's horror, the beautiful woman let out a soft laugh and sauntered towards her. As the woman approached, she smiled and put a hand on Isabella's shoulder.
"You have wonderful taste. This toy works internally, externally and it has nine speeds. Here, hold it in your hand. My name's Pam and I'll give you a little help to figure this stuff out. You seem a little inexperienced." The woman gave a casual wink and placed the pink phallic object in Isabella's hand. Isabella enjoyed the vibrations. She closed her eyes, smiled and imagined the sensation on her nub.
"How often do you touch yourself down there honey?" Pam purred, while moving a little closer.
"My um... Pussy?"
"Yes, how often do you masturbate?" Pam inquired again, enunciating her words.
"Usually everyday, a little bit more lately," Isabella admitted bashfully. Her chest flushed with shame.
Pam's eyes lit up with delight. "Wow, you're a good little girl then. Don't be shy to be so needy."
Isabella giggled and averted her stare. She was finding it increasingly hard not to admire Pam's ample cleavage. With her nipples visible through the fabric of her dress, Pam was truly a bombshell.
"Here, let me give you a better feel for the toy. Press it against your nipples." The woman spoke with a giggle. "It's just us ladies here." She licked her lips.
Isabella couldn't help but smile, she loved the idea. She moved the toy towards her perky breasts and held it against her nipples. She tried to maintain a neutral face as she held in a moan.
The woman waited a moment, watching and enjoying the slut.
Isabella felt Pam's soft fingers caress her chin. Pam lifted Isabella's face to meet her gaze.
She pressed further, "go ahead and give your pussy a little touch with the toy. You clearly enjoy it."
"What? No, I shouldn't." Isabella resisted.
Pam's hold on Isabella's chin strengthened. Without asking, the woman took Isabella's pale hand in hers and guided the vibrator between her legs. Over her skirt, Isabella allowed the head of the toy to sink towards her increasingly engorged flower bud. Once in place, the moans and vibrations chimed in unison.
Pam leaned in towards Isabella, her breasts pushed up against her client. Hard nipples against soft skin. The woman's lips came within inches of Isabella's mouth. Close enough to kiss. Pam smelled faintly of vanilla and mint.
"Awwwe, aren't you such a horny slut?" Pam whispered. "Why don't I pull up your little skirt? I think I will hold the toy to your bare pink pearl until you cum. Right here. In my store." Pam smiled to herself. "You would like that, wouldn't you?"
Isabella tried to shake her head no, but instead she whimpered.
The woman capitalized on Isabella's weakness and lifted the girl's miniskirt to expose red lace panties. Pam reached down and held the throbbing pussy in her elegant hands. She could feel the silky fluid soaking Isabella's panties.
Isabella looked anxiously towards the store entrance, praying nobody would come in to see her so vulnerable. Her small pelvis moved back and forth as Pam held her.
"You are such a little cutie. I can teach you so many things with my products. Let's pull down your panties honey."
Again without asking, Pam pulled her panties to her thighs.
The girl's pussy dripped.
The store owner fulfilled her promise, pressing the rhythmic vibrations to Isabella's throbbing clit.
Fully aroused, Isabella braced for orgasm.
Jingle jingle.
Tension broke as a new customer opened the door.
Pam turned off the vibrator, calmly placed the wet toy on the wall and turned on her heels. She sauntered towards the new customer, welcoming them with the exact same warmth and sexuality she had welcomed the young accountant.
Panties around her knees, Isabella scrambled to regain composure. She reached desperately for her wet thong. Just as she finally smoothed her skirt back into place, she heard a new voice.
"Oh my, ha ha," spoke a deep, manly voice.
To her shock, Isabella realized that the new customer was now standing behind her, and he had just watched her pull her undies up over her round bum.
She quickly spun around to see her boss smiling at her.
"Fancy meeting you here." The man joked, as his gaze traveled down her tight white tank top to her visible areolas.
She stood paralyzed.
He took in the view.
"Isabella was just headed to the back," Pam replied, rescuing the girl from further embarrassment.
Mortified, Isabella followed instruction and ran to the back room.