With her husband Stan having been out of town on assignment for more than a week after their Couples Neuro Relaxation Therapy session, and with more than a week of being left to her own devices, Francine Smith was primed and ready for an anything goes night out.
"You know what you kids should do?" asked Roger the alien as Francine and Stan sat watching TV in the family room. "Since Stan is going to Afghanistan for several weeks on Thursday, you two love birds should go on an overnight getaway in Baltimore at a hotel I know of. They have a bar that hosts some of the better local bands." He suggested.
Not that her husband ever had a clue about it, but having spent countless nights in her teens meeting big bands like ZZ Top and Def Leppard from the cozy confines of their tour busses, Francine was not too crazy about the idea of going to see a bar band.
"I don't now Roger. A bar band?" she asked dismissively.
"Oh you two will love them. The band's name is Legerdemain!" said Roger coolly.
Francine and Stan both sat unresponsively. As sweat formed on their foreheads, their stomachs began to turn with building excitement. Rapidly beating pulses were followed quickly with blood rushing to their nether regions. Stan began to feel a steely erection form, just as Francine's vagina became wet and engorged.
As they began to become conscious of the presence of each other, the thought of going out to the hotel with her husband now began to appeal greatly to Francine.
"That sounds like a fantastic band. Come help me pick out an outfit to wear Stan." She grabbed his hand and pulled him up the stairs to their bedroom, leaving Roger as he watched "Family Feud".
Stan sat, still dazed on the bed as Francine rummaged through her clothes and picked out a nice white skirt and frilly black underwear. Her inner tease was pushing to come out.
'I want to show off for all the men. A really sheer top would be so sexy,' she thought, before speaking out loud to her husband.
"I want to look really hot on your arm tonight, Stan...you deserve that." She nonchalantly remarked, holding out a thick black sweater and a sheer peach button up blouse. "Which of these two do you think I would look the sexiest wearing?" she smiled, already knowing the answer.
Feeling flush with pride that his beautiful wife wanted to look sexy just for him, Stan grabbed the peach top "How about this one Francine?"
"You know Stan," she paused for a moment. "Now that I think of it, I don't have anything to wear over it."
Stan looked at his wife with a confused expression.
"It's too sheer to wear alone, silly...isn't it?" she asked shamelessly.
"Why do you need something over it?" Stan replied innocently.
"Don't be silly," she admonished him, "this black bra I'm wearing will show right through it."
"That's kind of the point." Stan said laughing.
Francine gave him a optimistic look.
"How about you just switch out the black bra with a cream colored one?"
"I don't know Stan." she started. "The only cream bra I have is a little sexy."
"Just try it on and see." Stan offered.
Francine relented with a smile and pulled out a cream bra from the pile of clothing in her closet that the owners of the Happy Time Book, News and Lingerie Store had gifted her with. Cut low, the cups were sheer and covered with a lace front, the bra was much sexier than the first one.
Stan enjoyed watching her undress and put on the sexy bra.
'You know,' he thought with a smile. 'For a thirty eight year old woman Francine still has outstanding tits. Nice 38DD, hard nipples pointing up at a slight angle, very little perceptible sag.'
Stan was really enjoying looking at his wife recently, even after all these years. He even had begun to enjoy the looks from other men, jealous because his hot wife was not with them.
"Oh Stan, I don't think this is going to work. This top is very sexy. If you look really hard you can just make out the color of my nipples through the bra and blouse. Would you want me to be dressed that sexy for you?" she baited him with a pretty smile.
Thinking quickly, Stan turned down the light in their bedroom. "Look at that. See; no problem now." Stan said as he turned her towards the mirror. "See! In this level of light, like we will probably have at the bar you really can't see through it at all." He finished optimistically.
"Stan, I still don't know." Francine said, feigning discomfort.
"Please, just wear it." he demanded more than asked.
"Okay Stan. I'll do it for you." She said as she turned with a huge smile on her face and kissed him on the cheek.
'That was much easier than I thought it would be.' Stan thought to himself as he got dressed. 'This is going to be a great night.'
'That was easier than I thought it would be.' Francine thought to herself as she got dressed. 'This is going to be a great night.'
Being a Sunday night the hotel night club was not too busy when the Smith's arrived. It mostly looked like regulars clustered near the bar. Stan selected a booth in a dark corner not far from the door, but across the room from the bar.
The band was not too bad, not quite their taste in music, but good enough to dance to. Stan had a few more beers than he normally would since they were staying at the hotel. Francine maintained a steady pace and got tipsy, but never sloppy drunk.
As the night wore on a few more couples drifted in. They were never alone on the dance floor, but the place never really filled up. Around eleven that night the crowd started thinning out and the band played their last number. It was Monday in the morning after all. Even though they didn't like the song too much, Francine and Stan still took the dance floor to get one more in.
When they sat down Stan noticed that Francine was sweating slightly. To his delight he noted that the lighting was much more intense than he had anticipated. Her nipples, darkened by her recent nude tanning, were slightly visible through her blouse.
"You look pretty hot Francine." Stan said smiling, "Why don't you undo that second button."
Francine looked down at her blouse "That sounds like a good idea." she said with an intoxicated grin.
Stan was a little surprised, but very happy when she reached down and popped the button loose. As they talked over the course of the next few minutes Francine thrust her shoulders back. The motion caused her blouse to open up a bit more at the top, showing off more of her upper chest and just a hint of cleavage.
'She's not exposing much,' Stan noted to himself 'but that's still very daring for the Francine I've known for twenty years.'
Francine seemed so comfortable with the situation that Stan just had to see if he could push it further. "You really look sexy tonight." He said, blatantly buttering her up. "But do you know what would really be sexy?"
"What's that baby?" Francine asked, staring deep into his eyes, hoping her husband was ready to push the limits of her comfort zone.
"If you would just pop that third button. Now that would be really sexy."
Francine felt herself shudder with excitement. She knew that the third button was just above the center clasp on her bra. If it was unbuttoned then her full cleavage would be on display as well as some of her bra. "Oh Stan...I don't think I could." she said, acting as if showing off more of her assets was beyond the realm of consideration.
'Her words said no, but her eyes just twinkled in excitement.' thought Stan. 'That gives me a little hope and encouragement to try harder.'
"Oh, come on Francine. Nobody will know except for you and me. Pop it." Stan challenged. "You know you want to." Stan just threw that last part in to dare her.
"Oh, so now you think you're a mind reader do you?" Francine giggled as her hand moved up her chest towards the button.
'Do it! Do it!' Stan chanted softly.
When she reached the button there was a slight hesitation, and then she quickly undid it, as if she might chicken out if she did it slowly.
Stan's eyes opened wide.
'This is going just as I planned.' said Francine to herself.
'This is going better that I planned' said Stan to himself.
His cock was hard in his pants and the blood pounded in his ears as Francine looked coyly at him and casually sipped her drink as she rested her breasts on the table top.
Over the next few minutes nothing was said, but her blouse opened up considerably as she reached over and squeezed his hand. Stan didn't know if she was trying to get it to open or if she just wanted the reassurance of his touch, but he loved it either way. All of her cleavage was now exposed along with the top swells of her alluring tits. Stan could see the tops of her sexy bra peeking out.
"You are a goddess Francine."
"I love you too Stan. You are getting me really turned on, telling me to show off like this." Francine laughed.
'Please ask me to show more.' She thought to herself.
She could feel her nipples getting harder. They were flirting like teens now and Stan was really enjoying the game.
'I need to take advantage of Francine's playful mood tonight.' He thought to himself 'I wonder how far I can take this.'
"You're sure acting a little wicked tonight." Stan observed.
"Hmmmm. wicked can be fun." Francine replied with a sparkle in her eye.
Stan decided to go for broke, all cards in
"If you really want to be wicked, you'll go into the ladies room, remove that bra, and walk back out here." He said. "Keeping all three buttons on your blouse undone, of course."
'There!' Stan said to himself. 'I've thrown down the gauntlet. Now to see how she responds.'
"That would be really wicked and exciting Stan; but I don't know if I can do it." His wife smiled approachably.
Initially disappointed, Stan suddenly realized that Francine had not said she would not do it. She had said "I don't know if I can do it". He felt like she just needed more encouragement.
"You underestimate yourself Francine. I know you can do it. And I want you to do it. Be wicked tonight. You know you want to." It was a risk using the same gambit as before, but it had worked earlier, so Stan thought he had nothing to lose.
Francine didn't say anything for a moment. She had already made up her mind that she was going to do it. In her mind she NEEDED to do it. She just sat there looking with a poker face past Stan, as if deep in thought. Stan couldn't read her face, and was beginning to lose confidence that she would do it.
Suddenly she downed the rest of her drink in one big gulp and stood up. "Order me two more screwdrivers, and have them ready by the time I get back."
Stan watched silently, his mouth gaped open, as his pretty wife walked across the floor towards the restroom, her hips swaying seductively as every eye in the house watched.
Stan quickly walked to the bar to order two screwdrivers for Francine and another beer for himself. "So, is that your wife?" the bartender asked as he delivered the drinks. Stan nodded in the affirmative. "You are one lucky guy, she's smoking hot." he said with a wry smile. Stan agreed with him, paid for the drink and returned to their booth.
Stan sat there, pulse pounding as he wondered if she would really do it or not. He barely made it back to their table with the drinks when he saw the door to the ladies room open and Francine emerge.
After she took a few steps Stan could tell by the movement of her big breasts under her sheer blouse that she was now braless. Then Stan's eyes were drawn to her bra, clenched in her left hand. 'She did it! She really did it!' He said to himself, fighting off the temptation to yell it out loud.
Watching her walk that short distance across the floor to their booth was one of the most erotic things Stan had ever seen, and certainly the hottest thing he'd ever seen Francine do outside of the bedroom. Several men in the bar had seen her exit the restroom. Their eyes never came unglued from her undulating breasts.
Before she sat down, his wife reached out and dropped her bra on the table. Stan looked at it, then he looked at his wife, and then back at the bra again. Even wadded up it was obvious what it was. Everybody watching would know too.
"I need some more liquid courage if I am going to let you take advantage of me like this." Francine giggled as she downed the first drink in a five second gulp.
"The bartender said he thinks you are a smoking hot babe." Stan said.
"Does he now?" she replied, blushing even more deeply and pulling her shoulders back, forcing her heavy boobs up. Stan watched as the red color spread across her chest and her nipples visibly hardened under the blouse.
"It's not polite to point." Stan said as he looked directly at her tits.
She smiled. "Somehow I don't think you mind." She giggled as she rocked her shoulders to move her tits.
"In this case; no." The blood was pounding in his head again. Actually the blood was pounding in both of his heads. Stan was so hard his cock ached and he was sure he was leaking pre-cum.
Francine was a bit flushed, but she also looked radiant. They played their flirtatious game until Francine finished her last drink.
"Shall we go to the room now?" She inquired.
"Do one more thing for me before we go." Stan requested. "Undo another button."
Francine looked over towards the door, thinking about the fact that they would have to walk past the bar on the way out. She looked back at Stan, licked her lips nervously and asked "Are you sure that's what you want? Because so help me, I'll do it."
Stan looked her in the eyes and said as calmly as he could "Yes."
"You want me to undo another button; even though all of those men are going to see my boobs bouncing under this sheer blouse as we leave?"
"Yes!" He repeated.
Francine Smith reached down and popped out the fourth button on her blouse. Now her blouse was open almost down to her navel and only two buttons were holding it together. Mustering her courage she stood up.
"Okay stud; walk your horny wife to the door before she fucks you right here in this booth in front of all these peole."
Stan stood up, grabbed the bra off the table, took his wife's hand and started for the door. He tried to look straight ahead as nonchalantly as possible, but he couldn't help glancing over in Francine's direction. He could see the edges of the two halves of her blouse fluttering and threatening to blow completely apart as they walked. Only those two little buttons were preventing it from rendering her effectively topless.
As it was her big tits would be exposed to anybody with a direct side view, like the bartender and anybody else sitting at the bar that happened to turn around at the right time.
Her big boobs jiggled provocatively under the loosened sheer blouse, her distended nipples clearly detectable. As they approached the door Stan saw the bartender leaning in and talking to all of the men sitting at the bar, grinning. All of the patrons turned around quickly on their bar stools, leaving no doubt about what the bartenders conversation was.
When they got to the door Stan held it open for Francine and as she passed through the threshold into the dim parking lot, a small breeze blew in and caused her blouse to billow out like a parachute. Momentarily her tits were completely exposed to view from the front and Stan thought the final two buttons might give way, but alas they held and the breeze abated. Her blouse fluttered down to a more modest position and they headed through the maze of hallways to their hotel room.
Once they were on their way to the room Stan had a chance to think about what had just happened. His wife had exposed herself in public to a degree Stan never thought was possible, and he loved it! In fact she still had not attempted to button up her blouse as they walked through the hotel. When Stan looked over to her he could see almost all of her big right tit through the gap in her blouse and her nipples were clearly visible through the sheer blouse.
"Why did you do all that?" Stan asked with a smile.
"What, unbutton my blouse...or take off my bra?" She teased with a smirk.
"Both, actually."
"Because you wanted me to." was her simple answer.
"Really?"
"Well, you said you wanted me to be wicked tonight, and when I thought about it, I realized that I wanted to be wicked for you. I thought it might be fun; and it was" She explained.
Stan digested that for a moment. "So, it was fun for you?"
"Oh Stan. That was way more than just fun; it was exhilarating."
"For me too Francine, for me too."
Stan went quiet for a moment. Francine could tell he had something on his mind.
"What are you thinking about Stan?" she asked thoughtfully.
"Did you really enjoy showing off to other guys for me like that Francine?"
"Absolutely Stan! I really, really got turned on showing off for those other guys. But only because you told me to."
"It really turned me on too Francine. Everyman wants you, but you are mine to play with as I want." He paused for a second, working up his courage.
"Since I am going to be gone for the next three weeks, I feel like I need to ask you something tonight."
Francine gave him a loving look. "Go ahead Stan...you can ask me to do anything for you."
"Would you consider taking another step or two forward in our little game tonight?" Stan suggested with a raised eyebrow.
"Maybe Stan." Francine said with a twinkle in her eye, playing semi hard to get. "What do you have in mind?"
Ten minutes later Stan and Francine were in their car driving to a far end of the hotel parking lot, next to a convenience store. After only a few minutes, they spotted a single man entering the deserted parking lot.
He looked like a legitimate target. Probably late teens or early twenties, stocky build with a 5'10 frame. Gel kept his blonde hair in position. Francine stepped out of the car as the kid approached, a look of strong willed intent in her eyes as Stan pulled his cell phone out of his suit jacket and turned on the camera function.
Stan's attention grew as he watched Francine shift down her top to reveal a little more of her braless cleavage and pulled up her already short skirt a bit more. She looked like a complete slut. Anybody seeing her for the first time would not be altogether surprised by tonight's showings.
As she made herself ready, Francine was nearly hyperventilating at the thought of what she was about to do in front of her husband. 'I can't believe that in just one short evening I've convinced Stan into watching me be a teasing slut for him.' She thought to herself as she checked her flirtatious outfit one last time.
"Smile for me Francine." Stan requested. Francine saw the cell phone pointed at her and smiled seductively as he took her photo. *FLASH*
Francine nearly melted when Stan took her photo. Events of the past few days had brought back memories of when a boyfriend in high school had taken Polaroid photos of her nude soon after they started dating. She really couldn't know which had turned her on more, posing for her boyfriend's camera while sucking his cock, or finding out months later that he had shown them to his friends.
"Stan, that is so hot! Are you really going to take my picture while I'm doing this?" she purred sexily.
"I want to Francine; but only if it's okay with you. But I really, really want to." He replied as the stranger approached.
"Please Stan. I really want you to take them baby." Francine replied, pursing her lips and partially closing her eye lids seductively. "I can hardly wait to look at them later; together." She finished.
It was clear that the stranger was trying to not be obvious about his glances towards Francine out of the corner of his eye as he walked by, but a red-blooded male is a red-blooded male, and an attractive blonde showing more flesh than she should is always going to attract attention.
"Hi there!" Francine called to him, "I was wondering if you could help me out with a little problem." She used the line confidently.
The boy stopped dead in his tracks, as Francine leaned back against the car, rocking her boobs seductively. She watched as the stranger tentatively approached, making a cautious glance over to Stan, who intently watched Francine's every move in silence.
This was it. They both knew that this guy wouldn't be able to resist the offer Francine was getting ready to make; the offer Stan and Francine had agreed to earlier.
The stranger arrived at the door, and peered inside curiously, keeping a little distance from the situation. Francine made a bold move towards him, invading any stranger's concept of personal space. "What's the problem? Can I help you?" the man asked. He spoke in a smooth and friendly southern accent.
"Oh I'm sure you can young man," Francine replied. She was making no attempt to disguise her gaze, looking him up and down while she licked her lips and leaned forward in her opened blouse. Anybody would be forgiven for thinking she was going to eat the guy alive, judging by the way she eyed him with her tongue moving over her red lips in that manner.
As Francine spoke she stretched out her hand, and placed it flat on his stomach, leaving the stranger confused a little as he stood motionless.
"You see, my husband is driving me around town tonight, and he is..." Francine looked the stranger confidently in his eyes. "...making me give out free hand jobs."
She moved her right hand down from his shirt and to the front of his pants, taking a good healthy grip at his cock. "Would you mind if I play with your dick? I think we would both like it. The only catch is you have to let my husband take pictures of me, while I take care of you." Francine said sexily while looking him deep in the eyes. He quickly nodded his agreement, soon followed by the sound of his zipper being opened. *FLASH*
Francine guided her hand into the stranger's pants as the young man glanced nervously into the car, with an inquisitive look towards Stan. "What can I say? Enjoy it dude, she's great." Stan replied.
Motivated by Francine's hands on his cock and the dirty talk, the teen dropped his pants to his ankles with gusto. His cock was semi-erect and growing rapidly while Francine pawed at its underside.
She was pleasantly amazed at the size of it. This guy was a handful. She moved two of her fingers against the length of his semi erect prick, watching it rise to full attention before her eyes.
The stranger knew full well his enviable size and noticed a look of almost childlike surprise and excitement on Francine's face. "You like what you reeled in lady?" teased the teen. *FLASH*
Francine looked up at the stranger, and replied. "Plenty enough for me to work on, young man. I'm a lucky girl."
"Well then rub my cock already. I haven't cum in almost a week." He matched the dirty talk coming from Francine's mouth.
Francine retorted by pointing out that this could soon be rectified. "You watching Stan?" Francine called, never removing her gaze from the strangers hardening cock. She moved her hand elegantly along the big cock as she gained a little rhythm, the stranger letting out groans of satisfaction all the while. *FLASH*
The stranger's hands lowered from a tight grip on the car roof as a beep was heard from the horn of a passing car that was gone before they could react. The moment though was not lost, perhaps even the levels of excitement increased, as the stranger's hands roamed down to Francine's tits, cupping and squeezing them through her sheer top. *FLASH*
"Uhmmm. That's it. You like my tits?" Francine asked with a seductive look. She turned to face Stan, her hand still stroking the strange hard cock as the man teased her hardened nipples over her blouse.
"Is this what you wanted to see Stan? A stranger fondling my big tits? I think he should pull my tits out of my blouse; don't you?" Stan quickly nodded his head in agreement. *FLASH*
The emboldened stranger lowered his hands and undid another button on Francine's blouse. He eased it open and pulled her now exposed breasts out over the top of the one remaining button. "Jesus. Your tits are perfect." The man moaned as he began to play with Francine's hard ripe nipples, squeezing and rolling them between his fingers and thumb. *FLASH*
Francine let out a little squeal of delight as she matched his nipple play by gripping the head of his cock and twisting it slightly, pulling the man slightly closer to her. Then she held her fingers across his shaft, flicking with her wrists and moving up and down. All the while she called out to her husband.
"Ohhhh...this is such a hot idea you had Stan! I can feel his big cock throbbing in my hand." *FLASH*
She felt a hand from the driver's side reach for her ass. As Stan intently watched, unable to keep his hands off her, Francine increased her pace gradually as she worked the man's cock up and down to the same rhythm that the guy fondled her tits.
As small droplets of cum emerged from his prick, her increased jerking motions sent splatters flying through the air like raindrops onto Francine's lap. *FLASH*
Francine's lust was increased by the sight of the precum and by the grip on her tits from the stranger. "Oh, FUCK YES! Oh Stan; I think he's going to cum. I'm gonna draw out every drop of spunk I can from his big balls." *FLASH*
Working away with her right hand, Francine's left hand cupped at the stranger's sack. "Come on big boy, drench me with cum. I want it now. Give it to me!" She was beginning to raise her voice, demanding a climax to this semipublic session.
The stranger groaned, his balls tightening suddenly as they responded to her fingers, squeezing out the juices within. *FLASH* By now the stranger's hands had moved from her breasts and onto the back of her head, firmly trying to push her head towards his cock as Francine tensed and held her ground. *FLASH*
"Easy now. You have NO idea how bad I want to put this big cock in my mouth." Francine said as she aimed his cock to her tits, squeezing and pulling at it.
Stan was stunned, yet immensely excited to hear his wife talk about sucking a cock. She hardly ever would for him. The thought of her sucking another man's cock exciting him was not something he thought he could ever share with her.
"But that's not what my husband has told me to do." She said looking over and smiling sweetly at Stan. *FLASH*
"Fuck yeah. Watch me Stan. Watch me make this guy leave cum all over my big tits. You like me acting like a sexy slut; don't you Stan?" said Francine, her eyes half closed. *FLASH*
"This kid wants me to suck his cock Stan. But that's for you to control; right Stan?"
"Every man we meet wants you Francine." Replied Stan in a daze. "They are all jealous of me for having you. The guys at work and at the club all want to fuck you Francine, I can tell." He said wistfully.
"You know you control whose cock I suck, don't you Stan?" Francine lied, leaving her mouth opened in a provocative fashion, hoping Stan would order her to put the strangers cock in her mouth. *FLASH*
"Are you going to tell some of your friends about this Stan? Tell them how I did all of this just for you?"
'Oh fuck,' thought Stan. 'That is an incredibly hot idea. I wish I had the nerves to show my friends these photos.'
Francine continued. "Are you going to show these pictures to them Stan? None of their women are sexy like me; are they Stan?" *FLASH*
"No way Franny. No Way!" he finished, leaving Francine wondering if Stan meant no way he would show her pictures to his friends, or no way were any of their women sexy like her.
As the guy spewed hot cum onto her chest Francine held firm as each contraction shot more onto the creamy puddle forming on her skin. The guy said he hadn't cum in a while and the evidence was there to back that up.
When he was spent she released what had become an almost vice-like grip as his prick began to soften. To Stan's beaming delight, she ran her fingers over her wobbling jugs, rubbing cum into her skin. *FLASH* *FLASH*
The stranger's eyes were like coals as he stared at Francine's glistening fingers on her chest. Her tits rippled while she massaged her tits, knowing how it would turn on her audience of two. She played with her big boobs like a pro. She could have easily been performing at the end of a porno scene with her skills. *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH* *FLASH*
Stan leaned over, with a desire to share a private moment with Francine while the guy zipped up his pants. "Okay, she's got what she wanted. Now fuck off buddy!" Stan exclaimed, letting his gun show under his suit jacket to emphasize the point they were finished with him, at which the boy quickly slinked off ashamedly into the night.