"Happy divorce anniversary Darling."
Piper Cherry-Liberty, yes that was her name, finished off her bottle of wine by drinking it right out of the bottle. It had been one year since her nasty divorce from Davon Liberty, Quarterback of the Atlanta Falcons, she was celebrating her freedom yet again. It had to be done, Davon was a serious piece of work, breaking the law numerous times and finally being convicted of first-degree murder. When she first met, fell in love, and married he was the perfect husband, so she thought. She was no naïve angel mind you, having been a cheerleader for the Falcons, she still made him wait until their honeymoon if you can believe that. Oh, she kept him on his toes mind you, but it was her only way of knowing just how serious he was about her. Being from a higher-class income family she worried he might take her to the cleaners. He proved himself until he didn't. Darkness fell on brighter days.
Having only been married a year before Davon took another man's life over a silly debt he owed and didn't want to pay back, things got ugly fast. While she stood by him even more dirt came out. A string of affairs in every city made her take a step back before flipping him off. Her hand forced, she hit him hard on the 50-yard line. He got 50 years in prison; she got 50 million. With that money Piper uprooted their dog and headed for the hills hoping to avoid the world and its harsh reality. She didn't want the publicity, nor the fame. She just wanted to live again.
It was so bad that her own family shunned her for marrying a black man. Piper being white, her father a Politician with a closet case beef with racial demographics pretty much disowned his daughter. Not that she cared they were never that close anyway. Piper grew up under her mother's watchful eye until she went to college. Always impressive in sports she ended up trying out for cheerleading on a dare and nailed it her first time out. The fact she was one of the most beautiful women God ever created certainly helped. At 5'7, 125, a nice firm curvaceous ass with enough twerk to garner a jerk, natural 38C's, big blue eyes, and long wavy almost bleach blonde hair, Piper was set for life.
After the final conviction Piper secluded herself taking time to breathe. There was no need for job anytime soon, so she chose to take the money and run. Literally! Uprooting in the blink of a luggage closing she hopped in her white Ford Edge and hit the road, no looking back. Giving Davon's home to his family with a sizeable share of her wealth she split. Heading into Tennessee she fell in love with the Nashville area and bought a nice home in the nicer burbs. While not as fancy as some it was certainly nothing to scoff at. Home was where it all began... again.
Now that the anniversary of their divorce had come around, she sat in her new home on the floor with her bottle, mainly because her furniture wouldn't arrive for two more days. She was not ashamed to sleep on the floor, a beautiful gas fireplace glowing for ambience. It was peaceful. At 27 she still had it in her to live like a teenager. A balmy but beautiful night kept her company, patio doors opened to offer a gentle breeze that crept over her body in sensual caresses. Wearing a sheer red baby doll nightie with spaghetti straps over her panties only, forsaking a bra for comfort, she chose to take her chances on her patio. Stepping out to feel the night air, fearless in her body she really didn't care who saw her at this point. The neighboring homes were fairly close to her property lines, rising above her home by a third floor in one case. She knew spying eyes might easily capture her adventurous soul, especially under the sensor lights that popped on the moment she stepped outside, Piper did not care. Comfy meant comfy. If her life was truly beginning again, let her sexual reputation lead the way. As implied, no angel. Just one very smart lady.
"Let's see here. There are lights on in four upstairs windows, someone is certainly still up. Curtains in that home are opened enough to see a TV glaring. It looks like a video game on the screen which likely means... blood and gore, has to be older unless some parent doesn't care what their children play. Music coming from the house next to that definitely not Country, it sounds like... oh yes, Momma like... it's Lamb of God."
Piper grew up on her love of hardcore metal bands, "At least it's not Tears in My Beer, I'm not in the mood." In the sensitivity of the breeze coming over and around the bordering houses her nipples spontaneously peaked to perfection sticking out from her areolas by a hard half inch. "Hello ladies." She shivered and caressed them through her nightie.
Exploring the other homes, she heard a couple arguing directly next door. The longer she listened the more she worried that something bad might happen. Taking her chances, she teetered in her drunken reflexes and found a deck chair next to her covered swimming pool. A swim sounded wonderful but with the tarp over it still she frowned on it being too much effort. Perhaps once her new furnishings arrived and set up, she would offer a few dollars to the moving company to remove and fold the tarp. If not, she would find some neighbor boys to do it, just as she planned to when lawncare became a thing.
Her yard wasn't massive in the front, the sides not so much to mow really, but she was not the mowing type. Too much for her patience to do herself. Besides she felt that was a good start in knowing those around her better. Strike up a conversation with them, introduce herself, lure in the much-needed help. It was one of the few things her father taught her as a teenager, be charming, make eye contact, show interest, share ideas, steal their souls, mainly their campaign donations. She didn't need money, but she might require those minor things in life like weed eating. That was never going to be on her bucket list.
"Boy that couple next door are having a drag out. It sounds like the guy is getting the worst end of it." She sits down stretching out on the deck chair to relax, closing her eyes and wishing those sensor lights were not so annoying. It was a sure bet the lights coming on would attract nosey neighbors, the home being vacant for months. Everyone would be curious. Worked for Piper, she had no intentions of changing into something more presentable. Being drunk her conscience was leaning toward risqué. Not having sex in over a year even more torturing. Davon had her spoiled sexually, once that big black cock was not within reach, she clammed up, so to speak. His reputation bringing her down those desires got sidelined. Sure, she could have gotten any man, but the emotional zest just wasn't priority. Now was a different story. Her clam was long overdue to be found by a pearl diver. Sooner or later, she would start dating again, so not ready. The arguing mates next door only clarified that thought.
Hearing a glass shatter in their upstairs bedroom a balcony door swung wide and the man of the house stepped outside for air. All went quiet suddenly which haunted Piper. "Oh crap! Please tell me I'm not living next to another murderer. She went quiet the second the glass broke." Impossible to hide herself the man leaning on his rail noticed her laying out and stood tall, surprised by the new neighbor.
"Sorry you had to hear that." He related down at Piper, "She threw a vase at me then went downstairs. A temporary truce at best." Piper merely sat there and acknowledged him with a wave of understanding, she had been through a number of yelling matches with Davon over the four years they had been together. She was not fond of interfering in others marital woes after her own. He noticed her reluctance but attempted conversation anyway. "I saw the realtor remove the sold sign last week. I knew someone bought the Bronson place. Welcome to Hooters Crossing, housing division of the night owls."
She found that somewhat amusing, caressing her chest through her nightie without being worried his wife might step outside and note his friendly introduction. "I'm Henry, my wife is Josie. We have two daughters, luckily camping out at their friends from school. Both are 17, identical twins believe it or not. Sable and Dakota. Last name McKellen."
"Piper." Was all she vocalized concerning her identity, opting instead to look away. Behind her property the gamer stopped to spy on the backyard intrusion. Peeking around curtains was a boy undoubtedly in his late teens as well. Noticing her locked interest Henry identifies her culprit as, "That's Travis. Seventeen like my girls, awkward but a good kid."
"The music box?" Piper pointed toward the other home where more sets of eyes dared to look at the lit-up pool area. A young man smoking on his balcony alone.
"Ummm! That's Knox. He's the neighborhood rebel, fond of loud music and chasing my girls. Who knows probably my wife. He's nineteen, I think. Does what he wants because his dad's a big-time lawyer here in Nashville. Winslow Hardecker if you ever need a referral. Hell, I might the way Josie and I are going. I'd avoid his son as best you can if you're looking to steer clear of trouble."
"A little trouble suits me. We'll see." She beguiles Henry while standing up and letting her thin spaghetti straps drift from her shoulders. Even in the dim lighting he could tell she was topless beneath her nightie. Fearful he looks over his shoulder expecting Josie to have cooled down and wanting to apologize. That was how it always happened when they fought, usually leading up to some pretty amazing makeup sex. "I need more wine." She wiggled toward her house, her chest escaping her nightie only to be covered by Piper's palms.
"Careful there." Henry chuckled down from his balcony rail.
"I'm within my property lines I can do as I please."
"Oh, I'm not saying you can't. Just being a gentleman."
"No fun in that. Goodnight Henry."
"I have a wine cellar stocked up." He grins overstepping his boundary, being no better than what he claimed his wife to be. "Red or white?"
"Red. Perhaps in a few days you can offer a bottle again? I don't have any furniture to be sociable on."
"Floor works for me."
"For you perhaps. I have no choice. If it gets stuffy, I might come sleep in that chaise."
"Need a blanket?"
"That would go against the idea of being too stuffy, would it not?" She was just drunk enough to enjoy flirting, against her better judgment. She could easily ruin an already troubled marriage should Josie spy their communications. Loneliness was fueled by the alcohol; she truly didn't need any more wine but this being her anniversary of escape and starting over from scratch Piper mused at her thirst. "I'll leave my front door unlocked. Perhaps the wine does sound delicious. I'll be by the fireplace."
Henry dropped his jaw as her hands returned to her sides, offering him a bird's eye view of her perfect breasts. She fluttered her fingers at Henry then twisted in step to face the other homes showing off. In her inebriated persona she wasn't thinking clearly about the age of her admirers. Blowing long distance kisses to both Knox and Travis.
"Yep! You're going to be trouble." Henry chuckles, "Give me time to deal with Josie and I'll bring over that Pinot Noir."
"Penis noir?" She played on his words as her nightie drifted to her hips. Her sparkling mischievous gaze reeling him in easily.
"Damn! Be right there." Henry rushed inside, expecting Josie to be picking up broken glass, the shards were still there. Pondering her negligence, he wondered where she was. Equally as negligent he stepped around the vase and left his bedroom. Racing downstairs he still hadn't run across his wife of eighteen years, bewildered but with no time to worry over it he presumed she went for a walk to cool off. Sneaking into his basement wine cooler he procured his bottle of Pinot Noir and hurried back upstairs. Stopping cold at his front door he reconsidered this dick move. His wife was cheating on him so why couldn't he cheat on her? He had known it for months now, still, he never considered doing that to her until now. A chance at a porn star quality babe such as Piper didn't come along often. Okay, never. He loved Josie but her love just seemed uncertain at times. Spotting a throw blanket laying over the back of their couch all fuzzy and appearing like fur he snatched it up and raced out the door.
With Josie nowhere to be found she would come home and discover the same. Let her worry if she had any reason to. A hint of stress Henry scurried next door and just as she had told him found the front door slightly ajar. Easing it open into darkness he discovered the glow of her fireplace coming from around a corner. Shutting the door quietly he stood there nervously. "What the hell am I doing?" Tempted to turn tail and run he heard faint moaning. That was all it took. Tiptoeing toward the golden glow he leered around the corner of the entryway and discovered Piper totally nude laying there fingering herself in front of a roaring fire, her body golden and alluring as any good porn.
"I started without you." Piper whispered arching her back as dual fingers sank deep into her tight pink cunt. Drunk on freedom as well as her Chardonnay earlier Piper was in an uncaring mood. All that she was concerned about was her needs. Going forward in the days ahead she might lean more and more in this direction. No more was she the loyal housewife, denying her needs until her man came home from the road. That was a waste of precious years. Freedom would mean no more commitments, she was going to do whatever she desired, tonight that was her neighbor's husband. Tomorrow? Who knows.
Stepping closer he tossed the blanket down next to her. Eying his gift Piper reached out to feel how wonderfully soft the fur was. "It's not a bearskin but it's softer than getting rug burns in your sleep."
"Thank you, Henry. Are you taking your clothes off, or am I?"
"Damn! I just got here. Do you always seduce your neighbors?"
"Only those in need. You would actually be the first. I know a cheat when I hear one. You've never cheated on Josie, have you?"
"Not yet certainly considered it this past year. Not to get into too much detail, my wife has always been a nympho. We've been together since she was fifteen, me seventeen. Even at fifteen she was whoring it up. I only rescued her when I knocked her up. We've been together since." He saw her absorbing his words but chose to shut up before she gave up on him.
"Fuck! You have an amazing body." She merely smiled, not wanting to inform him of being a cheerleader that had to maintain perfection, not to mention the image Davon required of her all these years. She was a fortunate one, she adored exercise. The tighter her body the better the guys wanted her. Davon often allowing friends to ravage her body. She preferred to be just his but did cooperate on occasion. She was a needy nympho herself so in a way could empathize with Henry's wife. Now that Davon had unwillingly given Piper her freedom, she intended to use her body to every advantage she could. AND HOW!!
"Wine now or later? It's chilled already I keep my bottles cool in the cellar, well, basement."
"Did you bring glasses?"
"Uhhh! I figured you had some."
"No. I drank from the bottle earlier. My entire household is being delivered the day after tomorrow. I'm living out of my luggage until then." She tires of seeing him stand there and rolls to her knees and stalks toward him like a panther. He did the growling. Reaching his shoes, she unties them and assists them off, tossing them aside, socks followed. Rising up to his belt buckle she unhooked it then set about unbuttoning his jeans and lowering his zipper. To her surprise he was commando beneath. "Saving me some time." She panted as she tugged his jeans lower until a fabulous eight-inch plus some penis popped out before her eyes. "Mmmm! You're a big boy. Now I truly feel welcomed to the neighborhood."
Nearly dropping the wine bottle, she took it from him and sat it on the carpet, the only place to do so. "You remove the shirt; I'll work on making you happy." She lowered her face beneath his bulbous scrotum and licked all the way up his erections foreskin until her tongue met his thick crown. A swift obtaining of his length she swallowed him whole, all eight inches like a pro, greedy and eager. Henry craned his head backwards to enjoy her throat as she forced his lengthy beast as deep as she could just to make a good first impression. Oh, Henry was impressed.
"Holy fuck! My wife takes that much of me in, but she loves making the impossible possible. Where have you been all my life?"
A mere wink she grips his hips and ravages her gaping mouth with precision depth, her lips curling in and around his girth. Piper needed this. It had been far too long since she could make a man happy, thus making herself happy. Even as she kept her mouth full, she guided his jeans to his ankles. Stepping out of them he kicked them aside. Legs trembling at her forcefulness he felt a healthy detonation nearing. Growling at the fact he didn't want his own first impression to be misleading by her thinking of him as a minuteman, Henry gripped the sides of her face and pleaded his case, "You have to slow down. I'm going to cum too soon. Me personally? I'd rather it be on that beautiful face."
"We can compromise." She pulls her lips away in a spatter of saliva, then dives right back in. Henry never stood a chance. Firing full force with a tiger's snarl he unloaded into her throat. She took it like a pro and drained him dry. As her pucker abandoned his crown, he felt her hand gently kneading his ball sack. "Refuel. This is going in my pussy next."
"OH, JESUS CHRISTMAS!" She took his hands and pulled him along with her as she stretched out on the carpet. Looking at his throw blanket he broke her grasp and reached for it. "Let's at least save the carpet from being shampooed on your second night here."
"Smart man." She smirked and helped him spread the blanket out before she lay back down on it. "You have a very nice dick, Henry." Her toes trail along his eight-inch beast.
"Thanks. Wine before we resume?" He casts a thumb toward the bottle.
"Mmm! Yes please."
He stretches over to obtain the bottle and uncorks it with a well-practiced ease. Using the cork, he fans it under her nose. "Hartford Court 2015. Seascape Vineyard. $70 a bottle."
"Very nice. I'm honored you share such an expense with me. Won't Josie miss that bottle?"
"Naaa! Plenty more where this came from. I do the buying. Besides, right this minute I don't care." He pauses, "That's a lie. Can I be honest here?"
"Will it prevent that fabulous cock from cumming inside me?"
"Debatable!" He laughs rubbing the back of his neck, "You are hard to resist."
"So, I've heard." She knew men wanted her at every turn, but she still remained loyal to Davon unless offered up. No longer! Now she got what she wanted no matter how hard she had to fight to get it. "I'll attempt to listen, but I'm rather interested in this more." She palmed his cock's underside and toyed with him.
"I'm just saying... I've never once cheated on Josie until tonight. NO LIE! It's just now hitting home."
"Hitting home would be as deep as this can go inside my pussy. Hopefully until daylight."
"Whew! I'm not saying no... just give me a bit to breathe here."
"It is stuffy. Open a window." She takes the wine bottle from him as he rises to his feet, guzzling a healthy swallow while he steps to the French doors opening them up. Once open he hears whispering. Within his thoughts Henry listened and formed his opinion. It was Josie on her cell hiding beside their home just on the other side of Piper's fence.
"I'm not sure where Henry went. We fought and I think he must have went looking for me. Yes, I miss you Roman, especially that huge cock of yours. I want to make love to you badly Baby." Hearing her confessions Henry frowned.
"Why am I even caring anymore?" Henry closes his eyes against his sadness, "She wants Roman. Trouble is the girls are going to be crushed if I file for a divorce. Dammit, Josie. God, I don't want that."
Stepping up behind him Piper understands his delay as she too listens. Drunk or not she understood Henry's misery. Placing her chin on his shoulder Piper whispers, "I'm... sorry Henry." Nodding he fought off a tear and reached a hand up to caress Piper's cheek.
"Fuck her." Twirling in step he took Piper by the hand into the next room over and lured her up against the wall beside a curtain less window. Sliding the pane upward so Josie could be heard he ignored further snooping. Lifting Piper's legs around his waist he penetrated her cunt without another thought. Yelping at his aggressiveness she constricted her legs around his hips as his beastly eight inch stormed her hole with that perfect entry. He didn't even have to search for her hole, it was as if he just knew the territory well. Slamming his hips against her she began moaning loudly. He wanted her louder still. Added effort became necessary.
Outside Josie paused in her conversation to hear a woman's squeal and explore where it came from. She knew someone had camped out in the home next to theirs but hadn't seen the resident, only a nice vehicle in the drive. Noticing the window open Josie grew curious. With no curtains or blinds she was tempted to spy on them.
"My new neighbors are having sex I think." She whispers too Roman. Furthering her intrigue Josie crept right up to the window but realized the thuds on the wall next to her were rough.
"FUCK ME HENRY." Piper blurted out with hormonal enthusiasm. Henry was already impressive, hitting her G-spot with every recoil and advance. The mention of his name made both Henry and Josie McKellen freeze up. Surely not her Henry, he wasn't the cheating type. Was he? Listening closely, she hears Henry huffing at his exertions, Piper actively squirting in multiple favors all around his plunging cock. Getting past the mention of his name seemed easy, Henry just didn't care anymore. He had a freaking porn star up against the wall. One who was begging in whispers to not stop for even a second. Hearing her Henry flashed back to what was tried and true, Josie always, ALWAYS recited the same once he got started.
Josie was getting turned on the longer she eavesdropped. The new neighbors were christening their home right beside Josie. Appealing to her hormones Josie told Roman she wanted him to talk dirty to her. In her tight white shorts Josie slipped her fingers beneath the elastic band to rub her clit. The shockwaves instantly rippled across her fault line, fingers doubling up inside her pussy Mrs. McKellen joined in moaning. It became harder and harder to conceal her voice. Two echoing sirens with only a wall between their backs gave Henry a sudden thrill. His wife was hearing him bring out Piper's best without even knowing it was him.
"OH MY GOD, ROMAN! I'M GOING TO HAVE AN ORGASM." Josie lost her mind, her voice raised without thinking of the consequences.
"SO, AM I." Piper tilted her gaze toward the window. "HELLO BY THE WAY. DON'T STOP ON OUR ACCOUNT."
Josie couldn't stop even in hearing her neighbor's acknowledgment of her presence. Henry grinned at Piper's boldness and whispered, "This is crazy." Kissing him hard until he fell prey to her wiles Henry shrugged off his wife's moans. That is until...
"I'm sorry for intruding. I couldn't resist." Josie called out, Piper ending her kiss but allowing Henry to storm her throat to keep the intimacy steamy.
"No need to apologize." Piper replied. "Isn't this better than bringing over some casserole and saying welcome to the neighborhood?"
Josie giggled, "Yes, it is. Your man must be really talented."
"Extremely. I plan on fucking him for a long time to come." She winked at Henry. He silently whistled at the possibility that she wasn't just messing with his wife's mind, nor his. "Hold on Sweetie." Piper rolled her eyes back reeling at Henry's intensifying thrusts taking it out on her G-spot. Squealing at the top of her lungs Piper squirted all over his balls. Yeah, carpets were going to need cleaned regardless.
"Oh my God! That sounded... fun." Josie dared to giggle, as Roman jerked off in the distance over his cellphone hearing their banter.
"Mmm! Care to join us?" Piper winked again at Henry, his jaw dropping.
"Oh my! You must be swingers." Roman encourages her asking if he could come over too. Josie wasn't sure that was such a good idea, "Let me call you back Baby. I'll ask." She had no intention of asking; she did not want Roman anywhere near to the possibility of accidently running into Henry should he come home from searching for her.
"Not really! But you're certainly welcome to watch us make love."
"I... don't know. I mean... oh my God! May I?"
"The front door is unlocked. We're moving to the fireplace in the living room."
"O-okay! You're sure?"
"Leave the casserole dish at home."
Laughing Josie McKellen twirled her shoulder length brown curls and bit her lip, noting her braless halter stabbing outward from overly excited nipples. This was just too good to be true. She needed a new friend, and this one seemed just what she was looking for. She told herself while making certain she wasn't being caught by Henry that she was coming home after a long walk.
At the front door Josie shook her hands at the wrists nervously, nearly dropping her cellphone. Turning it off for fear either Henry or her kids calling her she found the courage to turn the doorknob and peek her head inside. The second she darted her eyes about she heard yet another screaming orgasm and a man's guttural union of climax. Overlooking the similarity to her husband's gruff finalizations Josie tiptoed closer to the flickers of the fireplace guiding her way.
"Hello?" No returned hello heard, only Piper moaning dramatically again. Easing into the family room she found Piper riding a man on a fur blanket. The woman's body so perfect the blanket did not even click that it was hers from home. Not even the wine bottle gave her suspicion. "Wow! Things like this never happen to me. You're stunning."
Piper's body hid Henry well as she lay over him surrounding his face with her massive breasts, letting him feast upon her nipples at his leisure. Josie could only see a magnificent cock storming the neighbor's pussy, stretched wide by his girth. Josie swiftly returned her fingers to her wet cunt for more tantalizing dips.
"You should strip naked and enjoy yourself." Piper faced her awkwardly by tilting her gaze. Sizing up the 5'5, 120-pound brunette Piper puckered, "Not so bad yourself. I'm Piper."
"Hi." Josie took her sandals off and removed her halter to show off a very nice set of 34B's. "I'm Josie. I can't believe I'm doing this." Wiggling her shorts down to her ankles Josie stood nude shaking like a leaf and hiding herself modestly. That habit uncommon she gave up and put her fingers to use rather than hide her assets.
"We've talked while waiting on you. My... man here wants you to join us."
"Oh! I... don't know."
"Ever kiss a woman, Josie?"
"No. I... shit! I would so kiss you."
"Come over here. Look only at me, not my man."
"I'm so nervous."
"No need to be, just look at me." Josie shuffles to their side as Piper lifts away from Henry's face. Henry lay there fearing his wife would notice and kick him in the head. Piper however took Josie by her hands and drew her to step over Henry's shoulders, "Sit down."
"On his face?" Josie dropped her jaw, attempting to look down but found herself buckling under Piper's retrieval until Josie just did it, not capturing the slightest glimpse of Henry. Smothering his face with her drenched pussy she found a tongue burrowing deep into her cunt. "HOLY CRAP!" Piper consoled her by smiling brightly.
"It's a pleasure to meet you Neighbor." Piper greeted Josie with a hug, rubbing each other's backs for mental support, chest crushing chest. Once broken Piper pulled Josie right into a steamy French kiss that seemed to last forever. Between two competing tongues, one in her mouth, the other in her pussy Josie lost her mind. In a unified effort Piper rode Henry's cock with a glorious vigor. Josie rolled her sopping cunt over her own husband's chin without even knowing it was him. It had been so very long since Henry had eaten her out that it was like the very first time.
"Mmm!" Josie rode his tongue like a wild woman, suddenly smothering Henry's entire face in a slosh of juices. In kissing Piper her emotions were evident, Josie enjoyed herself. Gripping each other tightly Piper and Josie plant their foreheads together and watch the other cum hard. The sheer intensity between their exploration of mirrored souls made both of them scream and support one another's convulsing limbs.
"That was so intense." Josie rambled as Piper concurred, nodding her head slowly to catch her breath. Easing her thighs from Henry's, his dick popped free of Piper's cunt and reacted as if a catapult spraying Josie's tummy with Piper's cum, as well as some of his own. Hand stimulating Henry, Piper drew Josie forward to take over massaging him. In the dim lighting Josie again saw past reality, never suspecting this to be the man she married 18 years ago. Feeling Henry's hand glide up her spine and nudge her over him she was clued in on what he wanted.
"He's all yours." Piper crawled away to obtain the bottle of wine and watch Josie swallow her man's cock, her own man's cock unknowingly. Piper found it liberating to get the two mates together like this. She got what she wanted, now felt a sense of responsibility in letting the married couple rediscover one another. They were both cheating now, so the tables were turned. It remained to be seen how the final realization once Josie saw her husband up close in better lighting would be perceived. "Mmmm! I believe she loves your cock. That, or my taste on it. Possibly both."
Josie fed relentlessly, Henry behind her fingering her pussy in a messy three fingered penetration. He was so worked up that he was fooling his wife into another cheating session with an unknown lover it consumed his thoughts on destroying this bitch. This was the time he took the chance of getting even with her. Even as he nutted in his wife's throat, he made his move. Pushing his way out from under her while she choked on his large load, he collapsed over her and used his superior weight to pin her to the rug.
His hand gripping the back of her neck kept her from looking back at him. Shoving his harder than ever cock up inside her sweltering cunt he took her for the ride of her life. Her moans escalated into blood curdling screams of dominated ecstasy. This control over her was what made her cheat to begin with. Henry was always tender and loving, very seldom this aggressive. That was what she adored about her older boyfriend Roman. He took control, forced her to be obedient and he gave her the thrill she sought. Now her neighbor was destroying her sensibilities. "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! GOD YES!"
Sweaty and dedicated to his wife's torture he pulled his beast out wet and rammed it into her ass hole. Tight but manageable she burst into a tantrum of acceptance. "GOD, I'VE NEEDED THIS SO BADLY. Can I borrow him more often?" She huffs, hair matted into the corners of her mouth.
"Absolutely! Take him home with you."
"That would go over well. My husband... FUCK!! FUCK THAT ASS!" She raised her voice squealing before catching her breath to finish her comment, "My husband is so not like this. He's... passionate. Too soft sometimes. This is what makes me crazy."
"Tell him that."
"He would never see it like I do."
"Do you love him?" The wine bottle was emptying fast. Piper enjoyed her game.
"Yes... very much. If only he... was like this." Henry studied his wife's words well, channeling empathy into fuel. If she thought of him as weak, it was time to prove her wrong. Snatching up her hair he pulled Josie's head back until she gasped and strained beneath his weight. Pounding her ass like a triphammer made her choke on her repetitive fondness of saying, "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! YESSSSSSSSSSSS! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!"
"Harder Dear." Piper toasted Henry who shared a devilish grin with the goddess of the house. Moving back and forth between ass to cunt he drove it home until Josie had a deafening orgasm, putty in his hands. Lifting her ass in the air Henry took his frustrations out on her ass cheeks, slapping her raw in a double-digit series of swats. Josie was a mumbling mess before Henry lost his final load up inside her pussy. Ego rose up as he growled. Releasing her to fall limply to the fur throw Josie lay there weeping. Standing up over her Henry jerked off leftover jizz to pepper her blood red cheeks in minor amounts. He then stepped around her to snatch up Josie's cell from the carpet next to Piper.
Turning it on while Josie hid her tears, he located Roman's number and dialed it. As Roman answered Henry paused then did what any husband in his shoes might do. "You can have my whore. I'm done." Piper flared her eyes and gnashed her teeth looking toward Josie who heard his every word.
"OH MY GOD!! HENRY?" It was then she realized that indeed she heard his name right the first time when Piper called it out, unsure at first. Thinking about what she had just endured Josie sat up crawling to her feet. Realizing the situation looked bad she held her breath to compose herself as Henry began dressing. Stepping forward she retrieves her cell and notices Roman was still on the line. "Roman? I can never see you again other than at work." That fast she hung up. Wine bottle lifted up Piper offered her a drink. Taking it Josie guzzled the rest then looked at the label. "Ours?" Then, it dawned on her that the fur throw was hers as well.
"Not anymore." Henry hissed buckling his belt. Sitting the bottle down on the carpet Josie dove into his waist bawling. He hesitated in hugging her, looking down at Piper. Piper shrugged up at him suggesting that it was his choice to keep her or say goodbye. Standing up behind them Piper eyed Josie's tight little ass. She had never really given other women much thought until tonight, the kissing was pretty stimulating. Josie was far from ugly. Quite beautiful actually. Certainly, no cheerleader, more of a librarian's hot daughter. Still letting the wine speak for her Piper crouched down and licked the tiny droplets of cum from Josie's ass cheeks, then dug in to lick her butt pucker. In awe of the situation Josie tensed up, looking Henry in the eye.
"Henry?" Josie softly spoke as she found Piper's tongue sensual.
"We'll talk in the morning."
"Henry? I love you."
"Like I said, we'll talk in the morning. You're spending the night here. I don't want you in our bed." He picked her up taking her away from Piper and carried her to the throw, laying her down. Turning to Piper, Henry felt more in control than ever. "Be neighborly, eat that pussy raw. I'll call you when you can come home."
Piper responded with a respectful pucker, "Looks like we're besties." She crawled between Josie's thighs and nuzzled in. Josie whimpering up at Henry panted nasally as her clit was licked, fingers easing up inside her.
"Henry?"
"Oh! I'll be fucking Piper more often. Like she said. I'd advise you to show our new neighbor here a good time."
Taking his leave Josie cried her eyes out, then relaxed and moaned until dawn. Sixty-nine and exploratory scissoring kept the ladies active. Falling asleep in each other's arms felt... right.
Henry? No more wine... he needed his own bestie... his name was Jack, last name Daniels.
Just like the Pinot Noir... right out of the bottle.