B and M were both nervous, in the car, making the best of it by making small talk, listening to upbeat tunes and smoking some weed.
They had last booked an couples boudoir shoot for her birthday a few years ago and it had gone incredibly well. They had both been nervous. She had looked so beautiful and so very sexy. The photographer had been excellent and respectful and even B hadn't looked plump in the photos (which had worried him before hand). The photos were exquisite, with even the photographer complimenting them, whereas he was used to younger subjects.
This time it was an event on an entirely different level. They had arranged it with Devon the photographer, handpicking couple friends and some of the photographers' models to be guests for an evening of debauchery.
The premise of the event was an elegant evening out. Everyone was to wear "black tie". There would be canapes and champagne, soft music and softer lighting.
But the excitement was the photography. Devon and his assistant, Aella could choose anyone, I repeat, anyone at the event to photograph alone, together or in any combination, in any position.
One of the large rooms would be used as a "stage" the bed was raised on a dais, there is an adjoining bathroom and change room. It would be lit by candlelight and various props were to be provided.
Guests are received in the entertainment area. Ample weed and ecstasy is to be provided to the guests as part of the entrance fee to get people in the mood.
M looked gorgeous in a black evening dress with a neckline that plunged to her waist. The dress had an open back and a long slit up each side of the dress exposing her legs as she walked. It would be a little too hot for a normal black tie event, but not for this one. He wore the standard men's black suit and bow tie.
The guests are welcomed at the door by a scantily clad female hostess and a topless male host.
Guests are offered champagne and strongly encouraged to take an ecstasy tablet before entering.
Like a normal party, guests mingle and make small talk, but there is a tangible frisson of additional excitement. Each person having made a written commitment to submit to the photographers' whims. The small talk and delay in the start is designed to let the alcohol and ecstasy do its work.
Aella walks amidst the couples and takes whoever she wants by the hand. They must excuse themselves and come with her. They will be stripped nude, and the photographer will choose an outfit, if he wants, or no outfit if that's what he wants.
He starts off slowly, calling each couple, alone, for a few pictures to get the evening warmed up.
He photographs them in very lightly erotic poses, asking the man to perhaps remove his shirt or the woman to slip off a dress strap or hike her skirts up a little, or show a leg through a slit in a skirt or something mild.
The single attendees he treats a little more heavy handedly. The women are to expose a breast or two, the men to strip to their underwear. The single men may not dress again. The single women are
2 / 4
given a teddy or some lingerie and sent back to the party to mingle. This increases the sexual tension and the interest from the other guests and the single persons.
Some of the guests wander over to the bedroom stage to see the "singles" being photographed in the near nude.
A guy called Klaus is made to strip down to his black boxer briefs, Aella walks over and scrapes his cock through the fabric of his shorts with her fingernail until he is hard. Then Devon takes a few photos of him in his hardened state. He has great biceps and a nice sixpack. Devon asks him to flex and pose for the camera.
Alexa is made to strip off her underwear and is photographed in a short skirt and a near see through white top. Her erect nipples prominent through her top. She is sent back into the party, her original clothes confiscated for the evening.
Oh yes, and anyone arriving past 7pm, is deemed to have arrived late and is made a slave for the evening. You are to be dressed down and you may be felt up by any of the guests as they wish. You may also be restrained. Perhaps with your hands cuffed behind your back or tied to a handy pillar or post.
One poor such soul is left in the bathroom, chained to a sturdy towel rail, totally nude. So that other guests may enter, close the door and have their way with her. Samantha is turned on by being made to strip and being restrained in this way and enjoys the attention of male and female guests to the bathroom, none of whom are there to use the actual toilet. One of the female guests licks her pussy open and takes her clit in her mouth. Licking her deliciously and enjoying her until she squirts against her tongue. Giving Samantha possibly the best orgasm she has ever had.
A gentleman late comer is also stripped nude and fed some Cialis to make his cock long and hard for aa good long time. A long black silk ribbon is tied just beneath the hood of his circumcised cock. Ladies may lead him around by the cock and make use of him as they wish. He is gagged to avoid hearing any complaints.
The warm up round dispensed with. Devon whispers to Aella and she walks amongst the crowd of guests. Devon is feeling a little naughty tonight and wants to kick off with a bang as it were. Aella walks amongst the crowd. She goes up to one couple and takes a tall statuesque blonde with nice big firm round tits by the hand. However, she doesn't take the blondes partner's hand.
Instead, she walks through the crowd and finds another blonde woman, this one absolutely flat chested with a firm hard tummy and takes her hand. There is an audible intake of breath from the guests. The event does not usually kick off this hard with a direct lesbian scene. The guests start to move towards the stage / bedroom. Aella leads the way with the two blondes firmly gripped, one by each hand.
Devon wants them in their evening attire, as they arrived. He waits for the crowd to settle.
He instructs them to hold each other as if they were dancing. He asks the more well-endowed blonde to arch backwards and instructs the flat chested blonde to French kiss Daniella passionately.
Both of their partners look on as Bronwyn takes her direction very literally and passionately kisses Daniella. They kiss for what seems like ages until Devon murmurs "break". There are a good few rising cocks by now in the audience and a few of the woman are starting to feel aroused.
3 / 4
He wants one of them nude. It's to be Bronwyn, the flat chested woman. Daniella is to strip her slowly for the camera and for the crowd.
She unbuttons Daniella's silk top slowly, revealing dark areoles and two long thick jelly tot like nipples. There isn't a person amongst the guests who wouldn't want to taste those nipples and quite a few guests lick their lips at the thought.
That's exactly what Devon instructs Daniella to do. To extend her tongue (which turns out to be long and pointed and lascivious looking) and to lick each of Bronwyn's nipples in turn. Then to lightly bite each of them. Bronwyn is turned around by Daniella who proceeds to feel her breasts from behind, showing her off to the guests.
Now Bronwyn is asked to put her silk top back on again, but to tie it under her breasts, exposing he midriff and to leave the buttons undone. Daniella is wearing a dress with a plunging neckline (yes like M, but hers is black and this one is red in colour with some sequins) The two parts of the dress rise from the waist and are tied around her neck. Clearly she can't wear a bra with the dress. Devon instructs Bronwyn to push one of the pieces of fabric aside and to expose one of Daniella's large, enhanced breasts. Daniella has soft pink areoles and small, cute nipples, which also rise nicely to the occasion. The contrasts between Bronwyn's tiny flat tits and Daniella's huge breasts are remarkable and some of the guests do, in fact, remark! Devon comes really close with the camera to photograph Daniella's nipple in Bronwyn's mouth.
Guests are encouraged to circulate, to come close, to be part of the scene. The man with the ribbon tied on his cock is led past, and his cock twitches as he watches the women sucking each other's tits. The women leading him spanks his cock lightly in fun.
Devon now sends Daniella and Bronwyn to the jacuzzi. They are to strip nude, they are to enter the jacuzzi and stay there until called upon later. Their men may watch. They may watch from another room which has a TV connected to a camera in the jacuzzi room. They may invite their own guests to the room. They may not enter the jacuzzi room. Daniella and Bronwyn may touch, kiss, lick or play with each other, but they may not come. They are not told about the camera.
Devon tells Aella to bring our original couple -- let's just call them B and M.
B is made to strip naked. He must stand with his legs slightly apart and his hands on the cheeks of his ass. He is to watch as M is dressed in a leather harness. Aella slowly strips her. Only B and M and Aella are in the change room. Aella expertly fits the leather harness. It cups M's ample breasts but doesn't cover them. She wears a G-string, and the leather harness crosses her back and legs. Watching M being dressed by Aella makes B's cock hard, very hard and Aella is sure she can see a bead of pre-cum at the tip of his cock. They are led out to the stage. Devon has photographed the couple before, and he knows them to be attentive and loving lovers. They understand each other's bodies and they are open minded and sometimes quite raunchy and wild. M is asked to sit on the edge of the bed and B must kneel before her. M opens her legs and B leans forward to kiss her feet, then her legs, then rub his beard against her thighs. Then he moves to her cunt, licking it open lovingly. Enjoying her taste. Enjoying the experience. A hush comes over the guests to see their connect, their loving, their enjoyment of each other's bodies. B reaches up to tweak M's nipple and he looks up from licking her cunt to gaze into her eyes. She moans and arches her back. Thrusting her big round tits upwards. Nobody is allowed to touch them or interfere or talk. The couple should imagine they are alone, and they should make love like they do at home. At one point B is net to M and his cock is in her mouth, his fingers hooked into her cunt. At another point M is kneeling on the bed in front of B worshipping his cock, moving her whole body. B has stripped off the harness and
4 / 4
discarded it. They use ample lube. For their finale he puts her on her hands and knees and enters her from behind. Telling her to finger her cunt as he fucks her hard. His thumb buried deep in her ass, he can feel the head of his cock moving inside of her as he fucks her. Many of the guests are turned on. A few of the men have taken out their cocks and are stroking them or having their partners stroke them. A few of the women have their fingers in their panties rubbing their clits. Quite a few of them will come before B comes inside of M. In fact M too, will come before B comes. And she does so spectacularly, quirting as she fingers her cunt and crying out in pleasure. As M tells B how she has come, he comes too. Filling her cunt with his come. They hold each other, kiss lovingly and exit from the stage to go and shower. Devon feels the photographs will be incredibly good. Their no holds love making and their desire for each other shining through in each photo.
The other guests are concerned whether they can put up a similar show.....
In the meantime, Daniella and Bronwyn have had a few glasses of wine in the jacuzzi and have decided to suck each other's nipples again. To do so they have to rise up out of the water slightly, exposing their cunts. Their husbands or partners (whatever) watch from the other room as their women enjoy each other's tits. Unmistakably each one has a large bulge in his shorts.
End of part one