I always come to class for her, Autumn, my favorite yoga instructor. She just puts me at ease, her soft voice guiding my practice, sinking into my subconscious. It doesn't hurt that she's just my type: 5'4 with a strong body, beautiful B cup breasts that sit perkily in her sports bra. Her long, flowing red hair almost reaches her perky ass and her green eyes and sweet smile put me at ease.
I needed her after the stressful day I had. Autumn greets me warmly at the front and checks me in, looking cute in a pair of tight yoga leggings and a sports bra.
"So nice to see you again, Nina. Hope you have a good practice today!"
I smile widely at her, "Thanks Autumn, your class is always my favorite."
She smiles in response, and I settle into my spot in the back, rolling out my mat and taking off my sandals. I start stretching out while waiting for class to begin, arching my back up and down, emphasizing the curve in my spine to work out some kinks, articulating through cat cows and matching my breath to my movements. My dirty blonde hair falls over my face as my hips move around my mat. My ass arches in the air, my leggings spread tight across my butt. I should be concentrating on the tightness of my hips, the depth of my breath, but my green eyes were on her instead, Autumn smiling and greeting students.
Small class today, just a few of us scattered on our mats waiting for her instruction. I like my privacy while I practice, so I'm happy there aren't many people and I have my space in the back of the room. The soft music starts wafting from the speakers, setting the tone for the class.
We start on our backs, eyes closed, visualizing our intentions. I hear her light footsteps pass by my mat and my breath quickens. I should be focused, in my zone, but all I can think about is her presence. Her soft voice floats from above me, "Breathe in: one, two, three, four, and hold it: one two, three, four. Now breathe out for four."
I aim to follow her instructions, but her voice sends a sensation straight to the apex of my thighs. My gut tightens instead of relaxes. My thighs aim to squeeze together. Above me, Autumn bends low to whisper in my ear, "Relax, Nina. Focus on your breathing." The feeling of her breath against my ear sends goosebumps down my arms. I can feel whisps of her red hair tickle against the side of my face.
"Get a grip, Nina. You need to focus," I tell myself. She leads us through sun salutations, connecting breath to movement as we cycle to the top of our mats, rising tall. Her eyes follow my movements, watching my chest expand with my breath and my back arch while my hands cactus open. My 38DD breasts arch forward with each movement, straining in my sports bra. The heat between my legs keeps building no matter how hard I try to focus.
"Now fold over your legs," Autumn instructs, standing just behind me. I bend at my waist, weight forward and butt stuck out into the air. I know she can see. She can see I'm not wearing panties. She can probably see straight to my hot center, these old yoga pants are so worn and thin, stretched tightly across my ass.
She leads us into downward dog, still observing me from behind. With my palms flat on the ground, my feet slightly apart, my legs stretched, and my ass lifted high, I feel vulnerable. I start "walking my dog," stretching my legs by dropping each heel individually toward the ground and switching my weight from side to side. Autumn is right behind me, watching me as my hips move from left to right, ass high in the air.
"Relax into your pose," she instructs from right behind me and I feel her soft but firm touch on my hips. She's pulling me back, forcing my feet closer to the ground, my butt closer to her. My movement stops and my breath is held tight. I feel my butt meet her front and I wonder if she can feel the wetness between my thighs, smell my arousal, feel the tightening between my legs. Her arms stretch over my back, pressing me down firmly.
"And breath," she says, murmuring into my back. I can feel her breasts pressing tight against me into my back. My ass is nestled perfectly into the front curve of her, our bodies like perfect puzzle pieces. I'm too hesitant to move, scared the slightest grind of my body will give me away. She gives me one more tight squeeze and I feel her cruelly move away. I release the deep breathe I was holding, finally able to relax.
I shake my head to clear my thoughts as Autumn moves us through a series of moves for the rest of class. High crescent to warrior 3 to standing mountain pose, vinyasa. She walks around the class giving slight adjustments to other students. Maybe I imagined all the tension. I try to focus and move through the poses, my muscles tight and strong and my breath loose. I feel the sweat building at the base of my neck, my heat still aching for her no matter how hard I focus on my practice.
She finally directs us into child's pose, my knees wide on the mat, my arms stretched forward on the mat and forehead down, hips coming back to meet my heels. I hear those footsteps again and I feel a flutter between my legs. I feel her kneel at the top of my mat where my hands are, one of her knees each on either side of my outstretched hands. My head is nestled between her thighs, my head and chest pressed down against the mat. She leans her body over mine, her hands pressing firmly into my low back to deepen my stretch. Her breasts press into the top of my back as her arms stretch over the expanse of my lower back, her body folded over mine. I hold my breath in anticipation, my pussy dripping due to her proximity.
Her palms rub in circular motions on my back while stretching me deeper. I feel her hard nipples against my back and my own harden in response. My nipples rub against the mat as she presses me deeper, giving me just enough friction through my thin sports bra to make my pussy tighten even more as I breathe in. As I breathe out, I feel her palms slowly move to cup each butt cheek, her fingers gripping right near the apex of my thighs. Right as I think she's going to move away, she runs a single finger right up my center, right where I want her. Her finger lightly traces between my pussy lips and feels the wetness waiting for her. My pussy pulses in response to her touch and I know she can feel my wetness through my pants, feel my excitement. She knows what she's doing to me. She releases me and steps away and I feel the chill of the room against my sweat once again.
"Now for our final resting pose, shavasana." Autumn instructs us to lie still, our bodies splayed on our mats in our most comfortable positions.
"Everyone close your eyes and relax completely into the mat, clear your mind. I will be bringing around eye masks for everyone so you can all fully relax." Her soft voice drifts through the room as she places soft, lavender scented eye masks on all the students. I hear the music in the room get louder, lulling our bodies into relaxation.
My body is splayed out on my mat, my legs apart and my arms resting by my side. My sweat meets the AC, and my body relaxes into the chill of the room, but my mind is still on her, on her finger feeling my wet pussy, on my need for release. She places my eye mask last, and my mind goes dark. All I hear is the beating of my own heart, my own breath, and the soft sounds of the music around the room.
Suddenly, I feel her. Soft fingers rubbing me from outside my leggings right where I want her, at my core. Her fingers feel my wetness there and I just barely hear a pleasure- filled gasp from Autumn at what she finds. The crotch of my leggings is soaked, my nipples poking hard through my sports bra. I hope she can see how much she excites me. My world is dark, my senses heightened. My pussy is aching for her.
She rubs me in slow circles through the thin material, wasting no time finding my clit. I try to control my breathing, careful not to alert anyone else to our play. My legs widen naturally, and my hips arch up to meet her touch. Circle after circle, her finger expertly plays with my clit. My pussy is ready for this release, I've been patiently waiting all class.
It has to be quick; I know it has to be quick. The class is relaxed and waiting but soon they will remove their eye masks and go on with their day. My anticipation has been building for the last hour, so my body is more than ready to meet her touch. The hardest part is staying quiet. Just as I feel an unintentional moan escape from my lips, one of her soft hands covers my lips. I taste myself on her hand, damn I soaked through my pants. She keeps rubbing my clit in circles and I feel my orgasm build. It's so hard not being able to move freely, not being able to scream. But I've wanted this for so long, I'm aching for release.
My hips meet her hand, moving in time with her fingers. My deep muscles clench as my orgasm builds and her hand muffles my slight moans. She picks up the pace of her fingers, rubbing my clit with her thumb as two fingers nestle between my pussy lips, right at my wetness and giving me the friction I need. My hips buck up and down on my mat and all my muscles tighten as I orgasm against her hand. My pussy muscles spasm, squeezing and releasing as I cum, coating her hand in my sweet juice. My body is spent, and I collapse against the mat with a deep sigh.
After a deep breathe, she removes her hand from my mouth and replaces it with her lips, giving me a sweet and soft kiss, her tongue lightly playing with mine before I feel her body move away. I hear her softly rise from her knees beside me and walk to the front of the class, my body already missing her touch.
"Deepen your breath and slowly start to arrive back here on your mats," Autumn says breathlessly as she makes her way to the front of the room.
"Alright everyone, let's come to and have a big, good morning stretch, reaching our toes and hands to the opposite sides of the room," she instructs.
She waits a beat then continues, "Feel free to remove your eye masks when you feel comfortable and make your way to a seat at the top of your mat." I slyly look around, checking the reaction of the other students but no one seems to suspect anything. I fold my legs into a seat, hoping no one can smell the aftermath of what just happened, my mat slightly damp.
"Let's close out our practice together. Thank you for sharing your time, energy, and practice with me. And thank you all for coming," she says as her eyes slide over mine with a smile.
"Namaste."