A little background about myself and my hubby Bill. I'm Lynn and have been married to Bill for 5 years. I am 28 years old, 5' 4", and 115 lbs. I work out a lot and am trim with perky breasts and a tight butt. I did some print modeling when I was younger but now have a successful Corporate career.
Bill, my hubby, is 30, 6' tall and slender. He is a Corporate Attorney and has an assertive personality. I guess it comes with his job.
This is a story about a recent exhibitionist experience that I had in a restaurant. It is about pushing boundaries and the excitement that brings.
If you are looking for a story with a lot of sucking and fucking, this isn't the story for you though I think you will like part 2 of my story.
Positive comments and high ratings encourages me to write about other experiences I have had.
Lynn
*****
I thanked the waiter as he moved the table out on our favorite booth so we could slide in. He was young, maybe 22, and very fit with a warm smile. His name tag read "Brad". He sat Bill and me at our favorite booth in one of our favorite upscale restaurants. We both had had a hectic week at our jobs. It seems to be the norm over the last couple of years and I was really looking forward to our date night.
We both ordered Martinis and then slid close together so we could look out over the crowded restaurant. Our agreement was that that neither of us would bring up nor discuss work as it would be a definite mood killer.
At first, the conversation was a little slow as we struggled to find a topic other than work to discuss. I guess we were so used to talking about our jobs that they consumed us. I mentioned how much fun I had on a recent cruise we took and that started the conversation flowing. We both placed our orders with Brad and continues talking about our cruise through the salad and until our main courses arrived. By then, I was more than half way through my second martini.
"You know one of my favorite parts of the cruise?" hubby asked
"Do tell" I replied with a devilish grin having a good idea of what he was going to say next.
"When we were on that beach and I took your top off" Hubby said with a grin.
"Really", I replied. "Was that the part you liked most?"
"Well not quite", he said with a grin.
Actually, the part of him removing my top and exposing me to others on the beach was just the beginning of his devilish motives that day. While I was quite nervous at first as it was my first time being topless in public, seeing that most of the people on the beach were topless or nude didn't really make it seem other than normal.
I must admit that it did get me excited to see others naked and especially the way that stared at my boobs.
That day, after a while, I laid down on my back and put hubby's t-shirt over my face to keep it from burning. It kept going through my mind wondering who was looking at me and what they were thinking. My nipples became engorged and stood at attention.
"When I was laying there, I bet it was a turn on for you to tell me to pleasure myself, wasn't it?" I said smiling at him.
"Definitely, I was surprised how easily you complied. I thought you would put up some resistance."
"Just the way you commanded me to do it was a huge turn-on plus I was already excited."
"The best part was when you were just about to orgasm and I pulled the t-shirt from your face." He said reaching over and touching my thigh sending electricity through it.
"It took a moment for your eyes to adjust but the look on your face when you saw those three college guys standing there gawking at you with their rock hard cocks was priceless." Bill said with lust in his eyes.
"So was the orgasms I had." I said repaying the memory in my head which caused a tremor to race through my body.
"You are such a delightful devil at times." I said with seductive grin.
Just then, an idea popped into my head.
"Hold that thought, I need to go to the restroom." I said. I scooted out and headed for the ladies room. I had a plan in mind. Once inside the ladies room, I relieved myself. While sitting on the toilet, I removed my panties. Then I removed my blouse and removed my bra before putting my blouse back on and leaving it provocatively unbuttoned.
Exiting the stall, I washed my hands at the basin and looked in the mirror. I was wearing a shear white blouse and my breasts where clearly visible through the material. While my black skirt was short, it didn't allow a clear view but it wouldn't take much to make it ride high enough. As I approached our table, hubby was looking down at his plate readying the next bite of food. When he looked up, the look on his face was priceless. For a moment, I thought he was going to choke. I slid into the booth and up next to him.
"What is wrong with you?" I asked smiling. "You look surprised."
"Oh, I am" he said, "Very pleasantly surprised."
"Do you think Brad will approve?" I asked coyly.
Hubby didn't say anything but seemed in a world of bliss. I could see wheels turning in his head. By now, my nipples were hard little pebbles from rubbing on the shear fabric of my blouse. I must admit that while I was doing it to please hubby, there was a certain excitement within me. A married lady exposing her tits in a busy restaurant, oh so naughty of me, I thought.
Brad stopped by and asked if we needed anything. He noticed the view immediately. He smiled and seemed to just stare at them. He took our plates and hubby asked for the desert menu. Now I never order desert but seeing the impact I was having on my husband, I thought I would play along.
While we were waiting for the desert menus, I took hubby's hand and ran it up my thigh. He got the message right away and kept moving his hand higher until it was under my skirt. I am sure he was expecting to reach my panty covered pussy but instead discovered another surprise. No panties and a very wet surprise.
"What has gotten into you?" he asked.
"Our conversation early got me thinking how much you enjoyed the show on the beach so I thought why not." I said. "If you want me to go put my bra and panties back on, just say the word."
"Definitely not!" he replied. "In fact, I bet Brad would like to see your pussy too."
What did he just say? That wasn't part of my plan.
Hubby used his hand to unzip my skirt and lay it open so that my pussy was fully exposed. He did it with such authority that I seemed frozen.
"Slide down some and spread your legs", he said in his commanding voice. I did as he instructed without hesitation. What was he doing to me and why wasn't I stopping him. Had I lost my mind?
He ran his hand up my thigh until he reached my pussy. He ran his fingers along my pussy lips and they became wetter and parted for him. He found my clit and teased it causing me to squirm with excitement.
What had I gotten myself into, I thought. I reached for my napkin and laid it across my lap hiding my private area and Bill's fingers.
Just then, Brad returned with the Desert menus. Hubby removed his hand from my lap and we each took a menu. As the restaurant was dimly lit, hubby asked Brad if he had a flashlight to shine on my menu so I could read it. I shot hubby a frown but didn't utter a word. Bill snatched my napkin from my lap. Oh my gosh, I was totally exposed and out of control.
Brad took out his flashlight and shone it on my menu. In doing so, it also lit up my wet pussy which seemed to delight Brad to no end. Truth be told, it was the hottest things that I had experienced since that day on the nude beach. It seemed that the wilder I got, the more excited I became, especially with hubby pushing me beyond my limits.
Once we ordered desert, hubby went back to teasing my pussy bringing me to such an excited state. Desert arrived and Brad got a good view of hubby playing with me. As we ate the desert, he finally pushed me to my limits and waves of orgasms started to rake my body. I bit down on my fort to keep from squealing with delight. Finally, after what seemed like forever, my orgasms subsided and I could finally release the fork from between my teeth.
I left my skirt open through desert and paying of the check. Brad got a couple more great looks at my nipples and pussy before we left. In fact, once Brad saw that my pussy was exposed, it seemed that every few minutes a different employee was stopping by to see if we needed anything, to refill our glasses, or remove a plate. They all got a great view and electricity ran through my body each time. Even the young lady that removed our desert dishes from our table got a good look and seemed to enjoy the show.
As we prepared to leave, I zipped up my skirt and unbuttoned two more buttons on my blouse. Wearing only my shear white blouse and skirt made me feel like I was topless as I walked across the restaurant on our way out. While the majority of diners didn't catch on a few did and smiled broadly, both males and females. I wondered if many of the women had every done the same thing or secretly wished they had the nerve to be me.
As soon as we pulled into the garage at home and the door was down, hubby attacked me with passion in his eyes that I rarely saw. He pulled me out of the car, literally ripped off my blouse, pulled up my skirt, and bent me over the warm hood of his car. His dick was harder than I can ever remember and it slid deep into my wet pussy with ease.
"So it turned you on having your wife show off her tits and pussy to Brad, the other servers, and the busgirl?" I said egging him on.
He kept fucking me hard and fast and I could feel my own orgasm building rapidly. I wiggled away from him though.
"Tell me what you want me to do?" I asked.
He didn't say anything but tried to get his cock back in me.
"Tell me and I am yours." I said.
"I love how your surprised me tonight. I want you to expose yourself to me and others more often." He said with authority.
With that, it didn't take much more for either of us to cum. In fact, we had a second go-round only a few minutes later. The best sex we had since we got married. Having been married 5 years, it occurred to me that I had just learned a secret about my husband, his desire to push me beyond my limits and to see me exposed to others. I had also learned something about myself. I learned how exciting it is to sexually go beyond my comfort level. I wondered what I could do next to keep this new passion ignited.