We both get in the car and before starting the engine i take a look at you. You are amazing in that tiny dress it's so short that barely covers your underwear and so open on top that is revealing your outstanding cleavage.
We are on the road now but we have to stop for gas. I choose a gas station far away from our place where no one could recognise us. There is a coffee shop right next to the pumps and a company of four men sitting outside that shop, drinking coffee, watching the passers and making jokes. I think that this is the wright place to fulfill one of my fantasies.
You pull your dress down to cover your thighs but its impossible so you push the fabric between your legs and try to keep it there by shutting them. The fabric is so stretched that sticks on your panty creating a fat camel toe.
A young man comes on your side of the car asking what we want, his eyes are locked on your thighs and i can see his chicks blushing. When he finishes the refueling he comes again to take the money. I keep my hand over your waist to force him bend his head over your legs and take a better look of your camel toe. Then i park the car in front of the company of the guys that sitting outside the coffee shop.
_ Honey i really need a coffee could you do this little favour to me?
_ No way. I won't get out of the car in that dress having all those men looking at my ass.
_ Please baby. I can't go in there exaggerated like that.
And i point my shorts with my finger.
_ If you force me to do that you will regret it. Be careful.
_ Fredo espresso. No sugar.
I respond without looking at you. You are getting out of the car slamming the door behind you, you pass in front of the customers pulling your short dress down to cover as much flesh as you can, walk into the shop and start talking to the girl behind the buffet. When the coffee is ready she beckons you to get closer to her, you stoop over the cashier tilting your hed so she could whisper in your ear. By bending over your dress stretches and leaves your round buttocks in everyone's site. All customers are tilting their heads to the side so they could see more of your firm ass.
You take an ice cream from the fridge pay the goodies and return to the car. You bend over to give me the coffee through the cars window and give to the drooling dudes a perfect view of your almost naked ass. Then you open the car door and pretending that you adjust your seat. That deep bending gives a spectacular show to the man that filled our tank earlier. I guess that he can see everything from his point of view, from your crotch till your ass hole. You finally are getting in the car and i step on the gas pedal to leave this place as quick as i can, but i managed to see the man's look when he saw your love crack and his growing cock pushing his pants forward. I m sure this guy has a lot of homework to do this evening.
_ Did you like it?
_ Very much.
_ Wait to see what's next. You will regret it as i told you before.
I dont say anything, i m in shock trying to understand where all that confidence and sassy behaviour came from. I tried to tease you a little but this came back to me and hit me as a boomerang.
I keep driving speechless while you unwrapped your ice cream and start licking it from bottom to top looking at me with with insolence. After that you put the ice cream into your mouth and start sucking it. You keep sucking the top of the ice cream and swallow the melting cream making noises to show me how much you enjoy it. I m thinking how much i want to replace the ice cream with my cock and it's cream with mine, and my dick starts growing again pushing the fabric of my shorts out. When you see the mount between my thighs you give me a naughty smile as your first goal was already achieved. After you finished your snack you are pushing the car seat all the way back you are dropping the back of it down and lift your feet to place them on the dashboard.
_ So you are going to sleep now?
_ Definitely not. Anything you see me doing from now on, anything you hear, is my reaction to what you made me do earlier.
You open your legs showing your wet panty that is becoming transparent. Thats the good thing with white thin cotton clothes. I can see your swollen inner pussy lips and your erected clit through the fabric of your thong. You take of your bra and after a little squeezing on your breasts you pull them out of your dress, you are pinching your nipples, you put your hand over your thong and rub your clit for a little.
You take my hand and put it under your underwear to feel the wetness of your cunt. Then you bring my hand close to my nose to smell your juice that dripping out of your sinus.
_ It's the last time you are touching or smelling or tasting me until we arrive to our destination. This is going to be your punishment, you are not allowed to touch anything, not me and definitely neither you. Hands on weel eyes on the road.
I don't say anything because i want to see myself how far are you going to take it. I have never seen you playing alone so far and i think that this is going to be a great show and who knows at the end i might get some reward for being a good boy from now on.
You are rubbing your slot with your middle finger pushing you thong in it and after that you start scratching you button with your fingertips for a little, before start rubin it in circles increasing the pressure on your clit. With your left hand you start milking your breast and pinching your nipple with your thumb and the pointer. Your first orgasm is coming very quick with moans and shouts of pleasure while your cunt is overflowing your love juice making your panty soaked wet.
After a few seconds, you have recovered from your orgasm and you are turning in to me. You unbutton my shorts and my rock hard cock ejects out, you put your hand in and pull out my pumped bag and let my testicles hanging out of my shorts. They look like pumped sales with my mast proudly pointing up. I think that my turn has come but i m so very wrong.
You lay back again lift your legs up and pull your thong out, then you look at me and hang the soaked panty on top of my mast like it is a flag. You put your legs on the dashboard as wide as the limited space of the car allows you, pulling your short dress up to your waist and get to work again.
Your are caressing with your fingertips your inner thighs up and down for a while, massaging the area around your pussy and your belly until you finally grabbing your both tits and start milking them. Your right hand is going down to your pussy rubbing it a little before scissoring your lips open to reveal your dilated hole. After a few circles around your hole you are sliding your middle finger in and finger fuck it for a while. You are leaning your head back closing your eyes and sighing as you shove another finger into your soaked hole.
You keep fucking your pussy with your fingers while your palm is pressing and rubbing your erected clit, with your left hand you are bringing your breast to your mouth and start sucking your nipple while moaning. You keep stroking your fingers into your cunt faster and faster hitting your palm against your clit and your love juices overflowing out of your sinus rolling down your crotch dripping on the car seat.
_ Oh yes! Yes! I m coming so hard. More more i want more. Fuck yeah its so good.
I don't know what to do, i m thinking of stopping aside and take you right there in the middle of the road but then i reconsider it and i decide to play your game to the end. You keep provoking me all day and l keep getting more and more horny in everything you do.
After that second orgasm, without spending any minute you put your left hand under your ass and start rubbing your ass hole. With your right hand you are rubbing your clit faster and faster. It seems that you are trying to get to another orgasm as soon as possible.
You lift your pelvis a little and move your left hand in and out your ass while the other is rubbing your clit in circles. I cant see if your fingers have slipped in your ass hole but l assume it, wich is very strange because you never let me do something like that. Every time i tried it in the past you always refused it.
Your legs now are stretching lifting your pelvis a little more, your whole body is in a straight line from your back to your heels and number three is near. I can see more liquid dripping on the seat while you are breathing deep and fast.
_ Do you like it baby? Like what you see? I m coming again. Can you see my Juice on the seat? I m working on my ass hole too do you see it? Do you like it? Because i love it. Yes yes yes l m coming again so hard. Yeeaahhh.
You shake your pelvis up and down a few times before you collapse on your left hand. I m sure that now your fingers have penetrated your ass hole as you sut on them. You keep moving all your fingers much slower now trying to catch your breath. It took you more than ten minutes to recover from that last orgasm and turn provoking me once again.
You take your thong away of my cock and as you see my pre-cum coming out of my slit sliding to the side of my shaft you are first licking it clean and after you are sucking my cock head trying to get more cum out of my balls. My head is turned red my veins are swollen my heart is beating so hard i think is going to explode my pulsating cock begging for some treatment and my aching balls are heavy as rocks, so in every puddle of the road i think they are going to fall down. You suck my cock for one last time before you take your head of it.
_ You produce the best dessert in the world. I wish there where more of it.
_ Honey by the time we get to our destination you will be fucked and creamed like never before. I can't control my self right now. I will abuse you.
You looked at me with the satisfaction of the winner and start dressing up because we are arriving any minute.
_ Don't bother. I will turn into pieces anything you are wearing and then i ll stretch all your holes open. I will drown you in my sperm.