(Background: Me and my girlfriend Cassandra have been dating for two years and I just turned 18. Gradually we begin to explore new sexual experiences. )
***
"Hey there little boy" Cassandra says jokingly as I walk into her house. Being 19 she loves to think she is so much older than me.
I reach through her beautiful, red, shoulder-length hair to pull her in for a passionate kiss. My other hand wanders down to her cute little bubble butt to grab a handful. She leads me up the stairs while I admire the rest of her 5'2" 100lb frame. I can just see the perky little B cups poking through her sweater, letting me know she has no bra underneath of it.
As we reach her bed I see her laptop already open to porn. "What do you have for us to watch this week baby?" I ask when we get up there. Every week we get together and watch a few porn videos we find hot. These sessions lead to us masturbating together at the very least, depending on how hot the videos are.
Without saying anything she pushes me to sit on the bed and sits across my lap. I fee her hips slowly and subtly gyrate on my crotch as she pulls me in for another kiss.
"Nope! It's your turn to go first this week and you know it!"
"Fine..." I mutter out as I go to the search bar.
The first video I pull up is of a girl riding a big white cock in cowgirl position until she can't take anymore and pulls off of it to release a massive squirt. Cassanda stayed on my lap until the end of the video. Her movements on my cock while we both watched the video had certainly gotten us both excited.
She looks at me and smiles as she stands up rubbing my almost fully erect penis through my pants. Her hand moves away as she stands up and takes off her sweater, revealing her perky little tits and rock hard nipples. Eventually we are both completely naked and my cock is in her mouth.
Now on her knees in front of me, Cassandra never breaks eye contact as she fully envelopes my cock with her cute little mouth. Me being only 5 inches when I'm hard makes it easy for her to fit it in her mouth completely without even touching her throat.
After licking my balls she gets up for her turn on the computer. While the video is loading Cassandra asks me to lay on my back. She spits on the tip of my cock and slowly lowers her soaked tight pussy onto my cock. Slipping in causes me to gasp and close my eyes, while Cassandra lets out a faint moan.
The video begins to play and shows a home recording of a skinny white girl in sexy lingerie. A tall black man comes into the frame and starts to feel her body. His huge frame makes this petite girl look small. Meanwhile I am the only one facing the screen as Cassandra bounces on my dick.
The white girl takes out the mans massive black dick and is in awe. Instincts kick in and she takes as much of his meat in her mouth as she can. After getting his cock nice and wet the girl submissively bends over to expose her pink little pussy to him.
I can feel Cassandra change gears as she turns around to a reverse cowgirl to watch. Her tight little ass bounces harder on me and I can feel her pussy get drenched. "Fuck this is hot!" she squeals as the black cock pounds the girl on the screen.
Just as the video is drawing to an end with the girl tongue worshipping his massive dick until he blows a load in her mouth and all on her face, I feel Cassandra's pussy convulse into orgasm while she rides me.
"Oh my god that felt amazing.." she managed to get out as she caught her breathe. A sharp slap on her ass makes her inhale in pleasure, before she stands up off my dick. "My turn to bend you over" I say to her.
My last video is a cute girl on a massage table. The masseur slowly oils her body up, slowly focusing on her pussy and asshole. Oil dribbles between her petite ass cheeks before he slowly circles her holes with his fingers.
With Cassandra on all fours I try to fuck her as hard as I can but she isn't moaning half as loud as the last video made her. I keep pounding until the video is over.
Cassandra once again tells me to lay on my back, and says this video is a little different. "I'm going to do just like in the video to your cock baby." she tells me. She grips my still hard cock and swings her leg over my head, putting me inches from her wet, tight pussy. I feel spit drop onto my tip and she rubs it onto my dick with her little hands. I see movement on the screen and suddenly my cock is fully surrounded by her warm mouth.
Over what felt like the next ten minutes my girlfriend used her hands and mouth to bring me close to an orgasm. The entire time she is grinding her smooth bare pussy against my face. I love the taste.
She pulls me out of her mouth to ask, "Are you close to blowing that load for me babe?"
"You have me right on the edge, I'm ready to explode!"
Her mouth goes back to sucking and stroking immediately and I can feel my cum on the way.
"Give me that fat load baby, please I want it now!" This sent me over the edge.
My cock begins to pulse and she immediately takes her hands and mouth off, while holding my hands down as I erupt. My cock twitches with nothing touching it, shooting ropes that land on my legs and stomach.
Cassandra can't hold back her laughter anymore, as I realize she just gave me an ruined orgasm.
"Why didn't you keep jerking me off??" I ask, still laying there with her mound inches from my face.
"Don't act like you didn't like it."
... To be Continued.