Philip's son looks like the twin of the neighbor's son
**
Melissa and I married in our twenties. I was 28, and she was 25. We married because I had knocked her up, even though she had been on the pill. (She later admitted having forgotten to take the pill for a few days.) Melissa gave us a beautiful baby boy. A few years later we added an adorable little girl.
Our best friends were, and always had been, Hank and Martha. The four of us were really close, and Martha had a boy almost at the same time as Melissa, and again she gave birth to a little girl around the same time as Melissa did, so all in all, things were copacetic. We all got along swimmingly, and so did the kids.
It was my sister Fran who upset the apple cart when she came to visit one time. Our son Kevin was seven years old, and so too of course was Jason, the son of Hank and Martha.
Fran took me aside. She said, "Philip, Kevin and Jason look like identical twins. It's uncanny!"
That particular day Melissa and Martha had happened to dress the boys the same way, and as they ran around playing together in the garden, it suddenly occurred to me that I could barely tell the two boys apart. I was kind of stunned.
"Do you think...?" I said to Fran.
"It's possible. You knocked up Martha, I assume?" she replied. I shook my head.
"Well, the two boys have a parent in common. There's no question. You sure that it isn't you? It's easy to imagine: Martha looked hypersexy one night seven years ago, and the two of you got drunk, and...?"
"I guess it's possible. There was only the one time, but I really doubt it. I used a condom,"I said.
"I understand how you couldn't have resisted. She likes you, you know," Fran said.
"Of course, she does. The four of us are best friends," I replied.
"She likes you sexually, you moron," Fran said. "Anyway, if you insist you and Martha never got it on, except one time and with a condom, then who is the father of the two boys? Who the mothers are is fairly easy."
I just looked at Fran. The scales were lifting from my eyes. OMG, was it even possible?
"You know your wife and your friend Hank better than I do," she said. "Do you really want to know?"
I then looked at the two girls playing together. They were little, both only four years old, but I'll be damned if they too didn't look like twins!
"I wonder if Martha has ever noticed?" I asked Fran.
"I'm sure she has. Women notice everything. Could you have fathered one or both of her two kids?" Fran replied.
"Me?" I thought I had already answered that question.
"Well, it wasn't me, now, was it?" Fran replied. "Have you and Martha ever, uh, you know..." Fran tried to put it delicately, but ran out of words. "The two of you are, after all, awfully close. I've noticed. It's fairly obvious, anyway."
"No. I've never strayed, other than that one, stupid, time," I said.
"That's what I was afraid of. Do you want my advice?" Fran asked.
I did. She gave me several earfuls of advice.
**
A few days after Fran's visit I arranged to get Martha alone. It wasn't hard to do, since the four of us were such good friends. After the usual banalities, I said:
"You probably want to know what's going on; why I wanted to be alone with you?" I asked.
"No, not really, but given the melodrama in your tone of voice, yes, now I'm curious," Martha replied.
"Well, have you ever noticed how much Jason and Kevin look alike?" I asked.
"Yes, of course, I have. It's not surprising, given they have the same father," she said, and that remark gobsmacked me. Did she really think I had fathered her son? Martha looked startled, and clapped her hand over her mouth. She realized, a little late, that she had spoken out of school.
"You know?" I asked.
"Of course, I know. Hank explained it all. I know your sperm count is low, and of course you and Melissa wanted children, so Hank went to a sperm bank and donated for Melissa. But of course, you know this, right?" Martha said. My sperm count is low? Where in God's green earth did that come from?
"Hank told you that?" I asked.
"Only when I accused him of cheating on me with Melissa. When he and Melissa explained it all to me, well, of course I forgave him. I forgave both of them," she said.
"Thanks, Martha," I said, "I'm glad you know and understand," I said, not wanting to rock her world too much. I really did care for Martha. My cheating wife's world, however, was a different story. Yes, I cheated, one time, too, but it doesn't count for me. Why? Because I make the rules, that's why!
"Of course, it's possible Hank didn't go to a sperm bank, and he knocked up Melissa the old-fashioned way. Sometimes I wonder. Melissa is very pretty and appealing, as I'm sure you, of all people, know. I'm totally jealous of her rack. Hank and her seem to sneak off together at times. Surely, you've noticed? Anyway, what did they tell you?" Martha said.
"They never told me anything. I'm hearing this all for the first time from you," I replied. "Before you ask, I'm fairly sure they made love, and were careless, and then either just before, or right after, Hank and you got together," I said. Bitterness was creeping into my voice as if it were acid reflux. "Melissa does tend to be reckless."
"Oh, my," Martha said. "Oh, my goodness. I'm so sorry, Philip. I mean, I knew of course that Melissa was pregnant when the two of you married. You were both very much in love; I had no idea my own husband Hank was also sleeping with your bride. Are you sure? Well, of course you are, I suppose. My goodness!"
"Say, you want to have some revenge, of the fun type? I find you very attractive, you know," I said. "There is that one time, as precedence, in case you're into English common law and all that."
"And I find you attractive, too," Martha replied. "And you can't make me pregnant I'm told, due to your low sperm count so you wouldn't need to use a rubber this time, now would you?," she said, her eyes twinkling as she spoke. "Don't think I haven't been tempted, and often. But alas, I couldn't do that to Hank. One time was just one of those things that happens. Twice or more is infidelity. Sorry, Philip."
"Just a kiss?" I asked.
"No. Not the kind of kiss you want. I'm terribly sorry. I'd like to, my loins ache for you, and I know it's the symmetric sin to commit, but I just can't do it," Martha said.
"Yes, you're right. Forgive me for being so presumptuous," I said. "We won't speak of it again."
**
I never rush decisions. It's just the way I am. So, I ruminated about the situation. Melissa still loved me, that was obvious, and we both loved the kids which I began to realize were not biologically related to me. From the standpoint of children, there was no good solution to this mess. I could leave Melissa and give her to Hank, so to speak, but then what about Martha and her kids with Hank? It's not as if Hank could have two wives. Also, there's the remote, tiny, chance that I'm the father of both sons. I had to keep reminding myself of that. I knew, though, it was Hank. Both boys even looked like miniature Hanks!
My ego was destroyed and each time I looked at my son Kevin, I got sick to my stomach. This made me sick to my stomach, that looking at my son made me sick to my stomach. I was having indigestion on a meta level. Who needs that?
Both Kevin and Melissa knew something was wrong, but as is the tradition in our family, they gave me space to work things out. They were there for me if I wanted to speak with them or talk things out, but I had to make the first move. It was our family's dynamic.
Martha and I avoided each other, after myfaux pasof suggesting we have revenge sex. Martha and Melissa, always as close as thieves, began to drift a little apart, it seemed to me. I began to look at Martha as a sex object, and no longer did I lust for my own wife. I was adjusting, albeit slowly, to the new reality. I'm told that the truth will set me free, but so far it was only giving me acid reflux. I tried buying M&M's, but even the ones with peanuts didn't help. Maalox was better. Best of all was Maalox washed down with rum and M&M's.
Then came the annual trip to the lake, when we two families went to our jointly owned cabin at the lake. This kind of enforced intimacy brought things to a head for me. I suddenly began to notice small things. Hank and Melissa seemed to spend a lot of time together. Martha had stopped avoiding me, and in fact she was being friendly, kind of touchy-feely. She was being even very friendly, if you get my drift.
One evening the four kids fell out early from exhaustion. The four adults sat up and talked and slowly got drunk. It was a hot evening, and Melissa and Hank both went outside to the front porch, one at a time, presumably so as not to be too, too obvious. I told Martha I was going to the back porch, and after a bit Martha joined me out there. I'd guess it was after around ten minutes.
"You were right," she said.
"About what?" I asked.
"Hank and Melissa are making out on the front porch," she said. "Want to sneak around and watch? I know of a good place where we can see them, but they'll never notice us."
I said nothing. I just took another sip of rum; it was good rum, from Barbados. The two of us sat in silence for a while, and I realized this was a chance for me to know. To really know. I said, "Yes. Let's go take a look. Lead on, Martha."
We snuck around and we saw our spouses kissing and groping each other. Hank had rendered Melissa topless, and Melissa was tugging at Hank's pants. They both stood up and undressed. I wanted to vomit at that point, but I kept it together. After a bit Hank spread my wife's legs as she sat on the swinging bench on the front porch, and he inserted his cock, and fucked her, gently at first, and then he slowly picked up the pace. Melissa was breathing hard, not making much noise, so as not to wake the kids and -- especially -- not to alarm the spouses.
I couldn't believe for how long Hank fucked my little wife, the goddam slut. He fucked her, but good! At the end, maybe a good half hour later, they were both sweaty messes. I wanted to charge up there and confront them in flagrante delicto, but Martha wisely held me back. Martha whispered to me, "Now we know. There's no question. No amount of bullshit is going to undo what we just saw. Let's think, though, about how we want to handle it."
I looked at Martha. She looked so sweet and vulnerable right then. She also looked sexy as hell. I've always been a sucker for women who look nervous, or worried, but most of all, vulnerable. Confronting our cheating spouses would destroy the lives of the four of us, and perhaps Martha's life most of all. Not to mention what it would do to our children. Even though I didn't biologically father my two children, I couldn't help but love them as my own. They were going to be the ultimate victims of all this.
Martha led me back to the back porch. Once there, I poured myself another glass of rum. It was good rum, from Barbados. I made it a stiff glass. I drank it in silence, and Martha sat next to me, drinking wine.
Martha leaned into me. "It's so hot, I removed my underwear," she said.
"Is that a fact?" I replied, topping off my glass of rum. "Why are you telling me?"
Martha smiled and slowly lifted her dress. She lifted it enough to make it clear she wasn't wearing panties.
"Stand up, please," I replied. She stood. I slipped my hand under the short skirt of her dress, and sure enough she had no panties on. "You're honest," I said. "You feel nice."
"Thank you," she replied. "You're the first man to touch me there since I married Hank. It feels really good."
"Thank you for the honor. You know, no woman has tasted me since I married Melissa. Not even Melissa," I said. "Just saying."
"That's a shame," Martha said.
"It surely is," I agreed.
"Do you think...?" she said. I stood up and dropped my shorts and my briefs. My cock was already hard. "How lovely," Melissa added, and she quickly positioned herself to have a little taste. She had quite a taste, but stopped before I exploded. It was heavenly, nevertheless.
"You know, since you shoot blanks, I'm told, it might be fun for you to shoot some of those blanks inside me? I mean, if you want to, that is?"
"You're okay with it? We'd be committing adultery, you know," I said.
"I've thought about it. I view it as balancing the scales. I wouldn't mind another child, if, you know, some of your blanks are not so blank?"
"Let's find out, shall we?" I said, as Martha raised her shift, exposing her pussy to my hungry eyes.
"I'm already wet. Sucking you off did that to me," Martha said. Martha ttok off her dress, becoming naked, her gorgeous tits on full display. Melissa's tits were bigger and basically, perfect, but variety is the spice of life, and Martha promised me some excellent spice! She lay down on the back porch and spread her legs.
I felt emotions swirling around within me. A hard porch floor is far from a bed, and it felt sleazy to be making love while our spouses were on the other porch and our children slept upstairs. Also, there was no evidence I shot blanks; that was all bullshit. I felt sure Martha knew that. She had said, after all, that she'd like another child.
Well, I did it. I gently slipped inside her wonderfully wet vaginal canal, with my cock loving every millimeter inside her more than the previous one. I kept on going until I was buried full hilt inside her, and Martha quietly groaned. "So good!" she whispered. "Hmm," I replied, in time honored male language, but in my mind, I was thinking, "Yes, so good indeed!"
I began to pump inside her and she reacted to me like no other woman ever had. She rose her tummy to meet me, she quietly groaned and moaned out her pleasure, she clasped her legs around my back and pulled me deeper inside her. At one point she whispered, "You're so thick. I love it," and then she groaned. Her fingernails began to claw my back (and Martha had serious fingernails!) and she began to moan louder. I clamped my hand on her mouth, and she nodded, remembering to be quiet. As I fucked her harder and harder, releasing some of my emotions swirling inside me that I'm unable to describe in words, and using her delicious cunt as a vehicle to release my frustrations, she suddenly climaxed.
I slowed down, since Melissa never likes to continue the fuck after she's climaxed. Martha was different, however, and she whispered, "Cum inside me. I want your blanks! Fuck me up, but good, lover."
That did it for me, and I gave her my all. Damn if she didn't climax a second time, when I unloaded all the spunk my balls could give me, deep inside her luscious, fabulous body. OMG, it was so good, so fucking good, in so many ways.
As I lay on top of her, emotionally and physically spent, my mind raced. What had we done? True, in some sense, our spouses more than deserved our little infidelity. They had earned it; but did that justify it?
I didn't have time for more reflection, more recriminations, because there was a loud and long scream of horror coming from the front porch. I jumped up, pulling my pants back up, and ran to the front porch, where I was greeted by my naked, hysterical wife, standing over an also naked, prone, lover, friend, and husband of Martha. When Martha saw Hank, the screams became stereo. I ran to the phone and called 911.
If we hadn't been out at the Lake House when Hank had his heart attack, he might have survived it, or so we were led to believe. We were, however, at the Lake House, and poor Hank did not survive it. There was some speculation that maybe the heart attack could have been avoided had he not loaded up with Viagra. Did he really need Viagra to get it up for my sexy wife Melissa? I found that hard to believe. None of that was important. Death trumps everything, and brings the entire world to a halt.
**
Three Years Later
Martha had sold her house, and Melissa and I sold our house, and the three of us and the four children all lived under one roof, in a large, rather spectacular house, owned by the three of us. Also, each of Martha and Melissa had given me two new boys to add to the household, so I now had two children I had fathered, and the four Hank had fathered. Yes, I wondered if I had in fact fathered Melissa's boy, given her penchant to cheat, but the two boys continued the theme, looking like twins, and they both looked exactly like me. So, I didn't worry.
We had worked out an arrangement. For the sake of the children, with Hank gone, we decided to live under one roof. However, I had lost all sexual desire for Melissa, even though she is both pretty and -- I had always thought -- sexually hot. Her boobs alone turned the heads of many a man.
I spent my nights sleeping with Martha, and we fucked up a storm. Melissa's heart was broken: She had lost two lovers, one to a heart attack and death, and the other from an intolerant husband vis à vis a cheating wife. Now Melissa was free to cheat all she wanted to, since technically we were still married, but as far as I could tell, she never did. She was a broken woman.
Melissa and Martha were close. Martha forgave her for cheating with Martha's husband. Martha was, quite simply, a better Christian than I was. Melissa focused on the six children, even if three of them were Martha's, but she loved them all. We all three of us loved them all, actually.
There was one more notable event. We took the six kids up to the Lake House. The two oldest boys were ten, but that was still young, and the two women sunbathed in minimalist bikinis. I began to notice Melissa again (as well as, of course, Martha), as she looked hyper sexy, lying on the beach in such a revealing bikini, in front of all of our neighbors up at the Lake. She was still my wife, after all. Martha was my mistress. Everything was just out in the open.
Martha told me Melissa was complaining about how horny she was. She hadn't had sex in three years. She wondered if Martha would mind if she tried to seduce me. Okay, this was bizarre, my wife asking my mistress if she could have sex with me, but the circumstances were bizarre in any event.
Martha made herself scarce, and Melissa and I had our first heart to heart talk since Hank's untimely death. "Tell me," I said, "When we married, you told me I had knocked you up. I didn't mind, since as you know I was crazy about you. What's the real story?"
Melissa took a deep breath. "Well Philip, as you know, I was kind of wild before we married, and I had four lovers around the time of our marriage. Yan, who is Chinese, Calvin, who is black, Hank, who was married, and of course you. One of the four of you knocked me up. The only one of the four of you whom I loved, was you. I still love you. So, if I was going to have the baby, you were the obvious choice."
"Yes, Hank was married, so he was not an easy choice, I get that. I didn't even know about the two men named Yan and Calvin. I guess you were relieved when Kevin was born and he was white as rice," I said.
"Boy, are you right! I was so afraid either Yan or Calvin was the father. You would have divorced me in a minute. When Kevin turned out to be white, I figured it was Providence, and you were indeed the father. Of course, when Martha gave birth to Jason and he looked like the twin of Kevin, I figured you had cheated on me with Martha. I kept quiet about it. As it turned out, you hadn't cheated on me with Martha -- had you?" Melissa asked.
"What about the girls? Did Hank father Elizabeth too, am I right?" I asked.
"I found it hard to resist Hank. I think I'm oversexed or something. I'm so sorry, Philip. I really wish you were the father of Elizabeth. You could be. I mean we fucked almost every day back then, right? That's why I figured you must have a low sperm count. Our two new sons, one with me and one with Martha, prove me wrong about that, I guess," she said.
"What was the big attraction of Hank? Why was I not enough?" I asked.
"You were enough. Hank was taboo, is all. I'm a messed-up girl. I love taboo sex. Most of all, though, I have always been scared of my love for you. It's just too strong. Having Hank from time to time was kind of a defense, if that makes sense. Now, of course, I have no sex at all. I'm trying abstinence to cleanse myself, and besides, you no longer want me. You know, I cry a lot about that," she said.
"Did you ever commit incest?" I asked. Her mentioning of the taboo is what put it in my mind.
"God, no!" she replied.
"Not even with your cousin Jeff?" I asked.
"Let's not go there," Melissa replied, which I took to mean that yes, she had enjoyed sex with her first cousin Jeff. "Look, Philip, is there any way we can recapture our love? I still want you, desperately. I mean, I'm glad Martha keeps you happy, you deserve to be happy, but it's hard to live under the same roof and to hear her happy moans, emanating from your bed. I mean, I'm not jealous, well, maybe I am a little, well, maybe I am a lot, but I'm glad you're both happy. I'd love to have a little bit of you, too...." And Melissa raised her head to look me in the eyes for the first time, her eyes filled with hope and even more filled with longing. Small tears were beginning to form at the edges.
I kicked myself. My heart melted for her, once again. We kissed. Melissa made sure the kiss was passionate, and she began to hump my leg, but I said, "Wait. I want you to do something for me. Then, we'll see."
"Okay, my love. Anything. Just tell me," she said, being quite the little submissive, a rare window into an aspect of her I had never seen before.
I told her. Her eyes got big, and she said nothing, she just sat there, looking at me. After a bit of time, she didn't speak but just nodded. I instantly got hard at the thought of what she had just agreed to do.
"I didn't know you liked blowjobs so much," she said. She had always refused to give me one, but never explained why. I just figured she was grossed out by them, or something. "Does Martha give you blowjobs?"
"Oh, yeah," I said.
"Is she naked when she gives them to you?" Melissa asked.
"Most of the time. Not always," I said.
Melissa stripped off her clothes, to my stunned surprise. "You're overdressed," my naked wife said. Melissa and I undressed me together. She pushed me onto my back, right on the floor of the main room of the cabin. She pushed her hair in back of her head, looked at my pecker standing straight up and pointing at the ceiling, and she kissed it, for the first time of our marriage.
Melissa then lovingly licked the sides of my cock, took my balls into her mouth, one ball at a time, and hummed softly as she engulfed my balls. That was new for me! She licked her way up to the crown of my dick and swallowed it into her mouth, her tongue caressing the sensitive top. Then she went to swallow my entire cock. I figured she could maybe swallow half of it? Perhaps two thirds?
Nope. She swallowed my entire schlong, deep throating it, effortlessly. I could see the head of my cock and the shape of it poking at her neck, from deep inside! Nobody had ever deep throated me before, and the sensation was amazing! Melissa was a Grade A cocksucker! She began to move up and down, causing my now super hard cock basically to fuck her warm, wet, welcoming, and loving throat, all the time making yummy little sounds as she did it.
"I'm going to cum," I warned her, and she looked at me with her doleful eyes, and I saw a twinkle in them. She took me all the way down her throat as I exploded. She got every drop, and swallowed my entire load.
Melissa gradually took her mouth off my cock, and she lay down next to me, cuddling me on the floor. My hands went to her fabulous boobs, and I played quietly with her tits as we lay silently, side by side.
"That wasn't your first blowjob," I said, speaking the obvious, as only I can.
"No, it wasn't. It was my first in around twelve years, though," she said. "Was it okay?"
"Best I've ever had," I said, and then -- unable to help myself, it seemed -- "did you give Hank blowjobs?"
"No, never. Not him, and not you. I swore to myself I'd never give another one," she said.
"Why?" I quite naturally asked.
Melissa sighed. Then she explained. "When I was young," she began, "I used blowjobs as a form of birth control. Nobody could fuck me, and I bought them off with blowjobs. That worked through middle school and high school."
"Middle school?" I asked, surprised.
"Life begins early in the heartland, and I got these at age twelve," she said, bouncing her boobs that I was still playing with, "and I became an object of desire. When word got out about my blowjob talents, I became one of the most popular girls in school."
"I'm surprised you were not the most popular girl in the county!" I said.
Melissa giggled. "I might have been, had it not been for Amy Sounder. Amy spread her legs, and that trumps blowjobs for some guys, maybe most guys. She was careful, but nevertheless the poor girl got knocked up, and she wasn't even sure who the father was, although she could narrow it down to four guys." Melissa giggled nervously.
"Like you, when we married," I said.
"Exactly. The difference was I love you, Philip. Amy, in contrast, was just having fun."
"You love me, but you were fucking three other guys at the time, as well as me?" I said.
"I was an idiot, okay? Being in love scared me. I was terrified of the power you had -- and still have -- over me. The other men were just a defense, and so too was my long-term affair with Hank. I know you don't understand, and I don't expect you to, but that's what it was," she said.
"So why did you banish blowjobs?" I asked. "Did you get sick of them?"
"No, I love to give a man a blowjob. I feel powerful when I do," she said. "Plus, as you observed, I'm good at them."
"So, why then? Why'd you stop?"
Melissa sighed. She didn't want to go on, but I kind of forced her.
"One time, in college, two men, George and Alan, had got me naked. It was going to be my first threesome, but I didn't want to fuck either man; I was still a virgin at the time. I was terrified, so I used my usual tactic of buying them off with a blowjob for each of them. I was a freshman girl, and they were seniors. I was naïve, behaving as if they were still high school boys. I started to give George a blowjob, and after a bit, I guess Alan got impatient or something, and he raised my ass, and he fucked me, plowing right through my hymen, and fucking me silly. I tried to get him to stop, it was not how I had planned to lose my virginity, but it was too late, and I knew it."
"Amazingly, I kept right on blowing George while Alan took my virginity. Then they kind of pressured me into blowing Alan, too, since George raved to the high heavens about my blowjob talents. I didn't want to blow Alan, since he had just raped me, but they were big men, and I'm small, and well, I did it, to get rid of them."
"George double crossed me when he fucked me while I blew Alan. Neither of their two fucks were consensual. Then the two bastards tried to double penetrate me and I went wild, screaming at them, hitting them, and I grabbed a scissors and tried to stab them. I actually did stab George in the leg and drew a bit of blood. They got the message and left, as I cried my heart out. I never gave another blowjob after that, until right now, with you, my loving husband."
"You were double raped in college? Did you report it?"
"Yeah. A naked girl with two guys, happily giving them blowjobs, is surprised when one of them has sex with her? Then she blows the rapist while the other guy rapes her? I think the campus police had a good laugh," she said.
"Did you get counseling, at least?" I asked.
"You mean, like from a therapist? This was Indiana, Philip. On my third visit the therapist told me if I would only let Jesus into my life, I would achieve inner peace, and banish my demons. And no, there was no fourth session. I'm serious, that really happened," she said.
"I guess he wasn't Freudian," I joked. "Did you have a Latinx friend named Jesus at the time?"
"I did, in fact," she replied.
"Did you let him into your life?" I asked.
"I did better than that. I let him into my body. Multiple times, in fact," Melissa said. "The therapist had a point. Jesus knew how to please a girl, you could say."
"Did it help?"
"Yes, it most certainly did. Jesus never got a blowjob, though, poor guy. I dumped him when he strayed. Hey, lover, you're hard again. Wanna fuck?"
"You haven't yet done the other thing I want you to do," I said.
"I will, honey. You can trust your little wife. Can I have one of your fucks on credit? I really need to feel you inside me. Maybe it will fill the hole in my heart," she said.
"I'm not named Jesus," I said.
"Nevertheless," she said, and my wife had never looked more wanton than when she lay back and spread her legs wide, revealing her beautiful kitten to me, looking as wet as a kitty caught in a cloudburst with nowhere to hide.
I felt so close to her after her confession, and having made her give me a blowjob that I hadn't realized at the time might have been traumatic for her, that I felt closer to her than I had for years. The anger, and the huge bruise to my ego, that had been choking off my love for her, melted away, and my love for her came roaring back. I picked myself up, got on top of her, got in position, and I did it. I fucked my no longer cheating wife, and I fucked her but good.
Afterwards, as we were both lying together on the floor of the main room, Melissa finally spoke. "Martha will be home soon, and with the kids, so pick yourself up, lover, and I'll clean up and air out the place. Then I'll take a shower. God, Philip, that was wonderful. I feel like a thousand bucks!"
"Isn't the phrase that you feel like a million bucks?" I asked.
"With inflation these days, it should be billion, but that will come, Philip. Keep giving me your love, and that will come," Melissa said.
"Hopefully, you'll cum, too," I said.
"Into every beautiful moment, a little vulgar crass pun must appear," Melissa said, and made no move to get dressed, as she scurried about all beautifully naked, and full of my cum. It's a sight I've never forgotten.
**
It was the next day that Melissa fulfilled my wildest dream, and complied with my second command. I had always enjoyed showing Melissa off, but she was never cooperative, being shy. She always resisted it. Now this time at the lake she was wearing a new, tiny bikini, maybe as an attempt to seduce me, and I enjoyed it thoroughly.
I knew that Melissa had driven the six kids to day camp for the day. They loved it, since it was organized with games and supervised swimming, and all their lake friends were there. That meant the beach was devoid of children!
As I walked out to the lakeside beach, where my two women, Melissa and Martha, lay sun tanning, I saw Melissa fulfill my second and last request: She sat up, and removed the top to her bikini! She lay back down, her large boobs voluptuously exposed for all to see! To top things off, Martha then did the same thing. Both of my women, my wife and my mistress, were sitting topless on the beach!
Every single neighbor man stopped by to chat with the two women, and both women acted as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be topless on the beach of the lake. Seeing the men gawking at my wife and mistress turned me on.
Melissa then went into the lake. As instructed, she had cut out the lining of her bikini bottom, so when she emerged from the lake it was transparent, and effectively, she was naked. One of the neighbor cabin owners, Mathew, was talking with Martha, enjoying looking at her boobs which Martha made sure bounced around a bit as she kept changing positions. When my now effectively naked wife emerged from the lake, she looked like a goddess, a vision of pure sexual energy, emerging from the water to delight the senses.
Mathew stopped talking, too stunned to continue his banal chatter with Martha, as he stared at my wife, with her rack dripping with water, and her pussy on display for all to see. He just stood there, as if he were in shock. My wife finally woke him up.
"Hi, Mathew. What's new?" she asked, her boobs gently bouncing, as she sat down in her beach chair.
The three of them, Melissa, Martha, and Mathew, had an uninteresting conversation for a while, as Mathew tried, and failed, not to stare at my wife's boobs. For some reason I kept thinking of the 3M Corporation. I was almost hysterical with mirth, but I managed to remain silent. "How is Philip these days? I haven't seen him recently," Mathew said, almost sounding hopeful at my perceived absense.
"Oh, he's around," Martha replied, while Melissa just sat there, enjoying the attention. Martha smiled; she knew she was dashing Mathew's hopes for a quick and sordid affair with one or both of the two sex goddesses of the lake.
That night, I had to take both women to bed. They were so hot to trot, it was amazing. They had the decency to wait until the kids were sound asleep, and then they pounced on me. They had a little tiff over who got me first, but when I pointed out I usually last longer the second time, Melissa graciously stepped aside and let me have fun with Martha first.
When it was her turn, Melissa said, "Let's go fuck on the beach," and dammit all, we actually did go down to the beach, each of us in our swimsuits. Martha stayed behind, because you can't leave small children alone, even sleeping children. "Let's pretend you're Mathew," Melissa said. It was a full moon, so people could easily see us from their own cabins.
"C,c,c,can I t,t,t,touch your breasts," I said, in my best imitation of Mathew's voice and stutter.
"Yes, if you're gentle," Melissa replied.
I played with her boobs, gently and tentatively, as I'd imagine Mathew would play with them, and then I removed her bikini top. A little later I removed her bottoms, too, rendering her naked, on the public beach. Melissa pulled off my swim trunks, and she went down on me. "Careful, sexpot, you want to save some of my spunk for a good fucking, right? I've already cum twice with Martha."
"Yes, I can taste her on your cock. She tastes good. But then, I'm sure you know that, right?" Melissa said, before resuming her blowjob, but only for a short time. She wanted me inside her.
Melissa took heed, and she fucked me noisily, some might say very noisily, calling me Mathew during the fuck. I lasted a good, long time. I wanted this exhibitionist fuck never to end! She insisted on being on top in cowgirl position, so that any voyeurs from neighboring cabins could watch her naked body bounce around on my cock.
This was so unlike my previously inhibited, shy wife. My demands, and her desire to please me, had led to a new sexual persona for my little wench of a wife, and I looked forward to a new phase of our marriage together. So too, did Martha, who later told us she watched us from the cabin, frigging herself as she watched.
We actually managed to make our bizarre life work. Amazingly, Martha and Melissa are still the best of friends. I have become a devotee of Viagra in an attempt to keep up with the insatiable needs of my two women. I've begun to look into how some men in far off lands maintain a harem!