A bereaved woman hikes to heal, to get lost, and find herself. This is a fetish, love story; women go hiking, stop shaving, and meet good men. There is a lot of adult nudity, including adult family nudity. Oh, and sex!
I plan to have a group of 'hairy' stories. They are all stand-alone. I'm open to suggestions if you have a hairy woman story idea. Check out "Hairy Christmas", and be on the lookout for "Hairy Swimmer".
^^^ Three weeks into their thru-hike^^^
"The last one in is a rotten egg!" the mother shouted as she stripped.
Her daughter squealed and took off her sports bra. Her brother saw her titties; they were firm and high as expected for a twenty-year-old. Her small, pink nipples were hard and pointy, and she had a big smile on her face.
Dave, the son, looked at his mother. She was smiling too. He studied her breasts; they were large and full and sagged.
"Not bad for a forty-five-year-old woman," he thought.
Her large, reddish-brown nipples were erect. They had flat, blunt tips and were thicker than Cora's, the daughter.
As the women wiggled out of their dirty pants and sweaty underwear, Dave saw flashes of ass and glimpses of pubic hair. His mother had a large triangle of dark hair. His sister's pubes were trimmed; she shaved near her labia, so her brother saw the pouting lips of her pussy.
Brenda, the mother, stood naked in front of her son, smiling and unashamed. She said, "Dave, it's been a week since our last shower. This is a chance to knock the trail grim off. Get undressed and join us as we skinny dip in the lake."
"It's hot," Cora said, "and that water looks great." She gave her eighteen-year-old brother a snarky look and teased, "Are you embarrassed? Afraid we will see your pee-pee?" She laughed and added, "Stay here and be hot and sweaty and continue to smell like ass while Mom and I clean up and cool off."
"Cora, don't be mean," Brenda reprimanded her eldest.
Cora's face softened, and she said, "Sorry for being so bitchy. I'm hot and tired. Brother, you don't have anything to be embarrassed about. I have it on good authority that you have a nice dick: in the six-inch range with good girth."
"What? How would you know?" Dave exclaimed as his face turned red.
"I overheard Bree telling Carol."
"Bree told you about my penis?"
Cora laughed and said, "Did you think it's only boys who talk about their conquests? Bree didn't describe your dick to me. She was telling Carol."
She playfully punched her brother on the arm and said, "Bree said she enjoyed hooking up with you and would do you again. The gist of the story is you have nothing to worry about. You have a good-sized cock."
"TMI," Brenda said, looking uncomfortable. The mother cleared her throat and added, "Please join us, Dave. We could all use relief from the heat and a good cleaning." She gave him a reassuring smile.
She grabbed her daughter's hand and said, "Come, Cora. Let's give him a moment to think."
"Sure," Cora said. She bent over at the hips and accidentally mooned her brother. Her sweaty underwear had gotten hooked on her big toe. She pulled her panties free and stepped out of them.
"Oh my God!" Dave screamed in his brain as he saw...Everything!
As the two women walked toward the lake, Dave stared at their backsides. Cora had a firm, tight butt and enticing thigh gap. His mother had a full, round ass. It looked soft and supple; her hips swayed in a sexy way as she walked.
Dave watched them walk into the lake. They shouted gleefully, jumped into the water, and splashed about. He watched them and waited for his erection to subside, and then he undressed. He ran to the water and jumped in before either woman saw him.
The family splashed, laughed, and played in the cool water.
They dunked each other. The roughhousing degenerated into a game of grab-ass. They shrieked when attacked and laughed when they were the attacker.
Bodies rubbed against bodies.
Dave saw and touched the women's butts and boobs. They grabbed his bottom and accidentally touched his cock.
The first time Cora touched his dick, her eyes widened, her eyebrows shot up, and she said, "Oh. What do we have here? It's big, hard, and thick. Mom, there's a large snake in this lake!"
Cora smiled and wrapped her fingers around his hard-on. She tugged on it and said with no animosity, "Nice one, Bro. No wonder Bree wants to be with you again."
Dave didn't blush, get embarrassed, or angry. He decided to get even and playfully bull-rushed his sister, knocking her down.
She shrieked and turned to run away. He caught her and grabbed her around the waist.
She squealed and tried to escape. He lifted her out of the water and caused her to come crashing down. His erection went between her legs and brushed against her labia as she squirmed and fought to escape. They laughed.
She wiggled and slid down his body. His hands cupped her breasts. She didn't complain, and neither did he. He squeezed her boobs before letting her go.
As Cora ran off, Brenda jumped on his back. "Got ya!" she shouted. She put her arms around his neck and locked her legs onto his waist. Her large breasts pressed against his back.
He laughed, peeled her hands off him, and turned to face her; her legs still encircled his body. He found himself face-to-face with her breasts. She put her hands on his head, trying to dunk him. When she shoved his head down, she pushed his face into her cleavage. He fought; his head brushed against and bumped into her boobs. They shouted and laughed.
Cora snuck up on Dave and jumped on his back. The weight of two women was too much for him. He sunk under the water. He grabbed the women's legs and made sure they went underwater with him.
The women fought their way free and surfaced. Dave thrust his head above the water and took a deep breath. He said, "I'll make you pay for dunking me."
"No more. No more," his mother hollered.
"I give up too," Cora said. "That was fun but exhausting."
The women went to swallower water, sat, and rested. Dave followed; His erection bobbed as he walked. His family noticed his hard-on and said nothing. He sat beside them.
The family rested and enjoyed the view: a bright sun, a blue sky, tree-covered hills, and an expansive blueish-green lake.
Cora said, "This is nice. I'm done walking for the day. Let's camp here."
"You're right," her mother responded. "Dave, can you find us a spot two hundred feet from the lake?"
"Sure." He stood. His penis was half the size it had been.
"I'd like to do some laundry. Can you fill the collapsible bucket with water and bring it to the camp?"
He nodded.
"I'll come with you," Cora said. She stood. Her body glistened in the sun as water ran down her fit body.
"Nice tan," Dave said. His tone was complimentary, not teasing or judgmental.
She smiled and said, "Thanks. I like lying out in the sun. As you can see, I sunbathe topless and wear a small thong bikini bottom." She pirouetted. All of her body, except for a small area on her lower abdomen, was tanned.
Brother and sister went ashore and grabbed backpacks. Dave carried his and his mother's bag and walked away from the lake, looking for a good campsite. They found a spot that was fairly level, clear of brush, and far enough from the lake that their camp activities wouldn't contaminate it.
"This looks like a good place," Dave said.
"We aren't the only people to think so. Here's an old fire pit." Cora pointed to a sunken spot surrounded by rocks.
They dropped the backpacks. Dave knelt and got the bucket out of his pack. He turned to see his sister getting something out of her pack. She was leaning over, her back was parallel to the ground, and her breasts were reaching for the ground.
"Wow!" Dave said, sounding impressed. "You're my sister and I know I shouldn't notice, but damn Cora, that's a lovely sight."
"What?" she asked innocently as she looked at her brother. She saw him staring at her boobs. Reflexively, she raised one arm and covered them.
"Your breasts are nice. The position you're in makes them look fantastic. Gravity is pulling them into perfect orbs. They look full and soft and very sexy."
"Thanks. I guess." She sounded uneasy.
He said, "I didn't mean to embarrass you, and I hope you don't think I'm perving on you. It was too beautiful a sight not to comment. Like seeing a cute kitten or an awesome sunset. You're a gorgeous girl, and if you ever want to catch a guy's attention that pose will do it."
He smiled earnestly and said, "I'm heading back."
She smiled, uncovered her breasts, and said confidently, "Thanks. I accept your compliment in the spirit it was offered." She grabbed something, hid it in her hand, and said, "I'll go back with you."
Dave stared at her lovely butt as she led the way. He wasn't paying attention to the path and tripped over a root. "Ahh!" he yelled as he fell. He scraped his knee as he hit the ground.
Cora heard his cry, stopped, and turned around. She saw he wasn't badly injured, laughed, and said, "Serves you right for staring at my ass instead of watching where you're going."
Dave's face turned red. He opened his mouth and closed it; he shrugged, smiled sheepishly, and said, "I was going to deny the accusation, but it's true. I was distracted as I imagine many guys are by your charms."
She extended her hand. He accepted it and stood. They walked hand in hand down the hill to the edge of the lake.
Their mother stood.
"Wow, Mom," Cora said. "You look spectacular. You're sparkling. The sun's light is hitting the water droplets on your body."
Dave said. "You look like a goddess rising from the lake. Like that famous painting, "The Birth of Venus".
Cora turned to her brother and said, "Yes. The Botticelli painting."
"What have you two been smoking?" the mother responded, poo-pooing the idea. Still, she smiled.
"Dave, fill the bucket and take it to our campsite, and I'll wash our clothes," the mother said.
"I think we should wash first," Cora said. She opened her hands, showed them slivers of soap, and added, "Here in the lake."
"We can't do that," Dave lectured her. "That's against the 'Leave no trace' rule."
"Can't we break the rule once?" Cora asked. "Wouldn't it be nice to be clean? All over. I'm tired of rubbing a damp cloth on my bits. I want to be soap and water clean."
"I understand where you're coming from," Brenda said, "but..."
"We've been good," Cora said. She gave them an earnest look and said, "I've dug a six-inch deep cat hole every time I've needed to poop. I make sure it's in a less-traveled spot away from water, trails, and campsites. We don't litter or leave anything behind. We douse all fires with water, stir the ashes, and pour more water on them. We walk single-file and always stay on the trail so as not to damage plants or ecosystems.
"Can't we break one rule this one time? I'll write a confession at the Priest Shelter."
Her mother capitulated and said, "I don't think one transgression..."
"Yippee!" Cora shouted, interrupting her, and she jumped in the air.
Brenda said, "Let's be quick."
Cora handed her mother a small piece of soap. She offered another sliver to her brother. He hesitated and then took it. The trio wet their bodies and washed in knee-deep water, splashing water on themselves as needed. They washed each other's backs. No one had shampoo, so they used soap to clean their hair.
Dave's half-hard cock became fully hard after watching his mother and sister scrub their pussies and asses. No one teased him about his erection. They did watch him suds his balls and clean his rock-hard shaft.
They retreated to ankle-deep water, sat, and washed their feet.
"Oh!" Brenda moaned. "It feels so good to be clean!"
"God, yes!" Cora agreed.
"From now on," their mother said, pointing her finger at her children, "you must be on your very best behavior. Leave no trace."
The children nodded. Everyone moved to some large rocks on land and the sun dried their bodies.
Brenda said, "Dave, you'd better put some sunscreen on your bum and penis if you're going to remain naked."
"It's okay if I don't get dressed?"
"Yes. Aren't we all going to be nude?" his mother said. "Our clothes are filthy. I couldn't bring myself to put on any of my dirty smelly clothes. I figure we've all seen everything. There's no putting the genie back in the bottle. I plan to put some sunscreen on my pale parts, wash our laundry, and hang it up to dry."
"I like your plan. I'll help," Cora said.
They went to the spot Dave and Cora had selected. Everyone applied sunscreen where it was needed. The women used Campsuds and the water Dave brought to wash all their clothes. Dave set up their tents and gatherer firewood.
"Look at us," Cora said as she hung the last article of clothing on the line. "We're a naked version of Swiss Family Robinson!"
(Footnote) After this skinny dipping incident, they were less modest. For example, when someone took a sponge bath or changed into their sleeping clothes, they no longer searched for a private space or turned their back to their family members.
^^^two months previously^^^
"Mrs. Johnson, you are cancer-free," said Dr. Brightstone.
"Thank God! And thank you, doctor," Brenda said. She leaped off the exam table and hugged the septuagenarian.
^^^
At dinner that night, Brenda said, "I have news."
A pallor appeared on the faces of her children. They sat up straight and listened intently.
Brenda smiled and said, "I don't have breast cancer!"
Cora jumped out of her chair, hugged her mom, and shouted, "That's great news!"
Dave joined the hugfest and said, "What happened? I thought the mammogram showed you had cancer."
"The mammogram showed something that concerned the doctor. I had a follow-up test, a biopsy, and the results show that I don't have cancer."
The children smiled and kissed their mother.
When they returned to their seats, Brenda said, "I've had a bad year. Your father passed away, and this cancer scare. It's made me anxious and depressed. I want to do something to shake off these bad feelings, to feel strong and happy again."
The kids nodded.
"Being in nature has always made me feel better. That's why every summer we go camping and hiking. There's something about getting away from the crowds and bright lights and going somewhere quiet and beautiful that recharges my batteries and lifts my spirits.
"Your father and I always talked about thru-walking the Great Scenic Trail. I'm going to do it."
"The whole thing?" Dave asked. "That's 1000 miles. It'll take you months."
"It's 1080 miles. I figure if I average 12 miles a day, I can do it in three months.
Cora said, "Are you thinking about going alone? I'm not sure it's safe to be out in the wilderness by yourself. What if you meet a crazy guy? Or get injured?"
"I was hoping you would join me," Brenda said. "School is ending in a couple of weeks. If we leave June 1st, you'll be back in time for college in September. What do you say? One final family adventure? Soon you'll be graduating college, starting your careers, and getting married. This might be our last chance."
"Okay, Mom," Dave said.
"Sounds like a great idea," Cora said.
^^^ five weeks into the hike^^^
"Oh! I still feel stuffed!" Cora said. "I can't believe I had three helpings at the all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet last night."
Dave chuckled and said, "I had four."
"Food is fuel, and we are burning calories like crazy," Brenda said as the group marched into the woods to resume their hike after a stop in town.
They had shared a room in a hostel where they had hot water for showers. They treated themselves to the buffet dinner and replenished their supplies.
"Mom, I can't believe you didn't let me shave while we had a real bathroom," Cora said. She giggled and added, "I'm a furry girl. The hair in my pits and on my legs is a half-inch long!"
"As I told you at the beginning of the trip, this hike is about empowerment. One of the things that I was most looking forward to on the trail was not doing all the things that women have to do to be pretty by the standards of our society."
"Embrace the pain! Embrace the stink!" Dave shouted. He rubbed his trail beard and added, "Embrace the hair!"
"Exactly," Brenda said. "It goes against the trail experience if you have painted nails, styled hair, and smooth, shaved legs when the rest of you is covered with trail dust and sweat. We're peeing and pooping in the woods, for God's sake! It's too late to worry about appearing lady-like.
"We'll have a spa day when we're done. We'll get mani's and pedi's, and get waxed from our eyebrows down." She laughed and added, "We'll conform to society's expectations, but for now, we're hikers! Dirty, smelly, constantly hungry, thirsty, and sore, and determined to complete this thru-hike."
Her kids hooped and hollered.
^^^
The next day as she scrambled up a hill, Brenda fell. "Owe!" she screamed. She lifted the hand that broke her fall, held it out, and looked at it. She was bleeding.
"Mom! Are you okay?" Dave asked as he ran to her.
Cora came too and said, "You're bleeding.
"I slipped on some loose rocks," Brenda said. "My wrist hurts."
"Do you think it's broken?" Cora asked.
"I don't know," her mother said. "It hurts."
"Can I look at it?" Dave said. His mother showed him her wrist. He asked, "Did you hear a snap or popping sound?"
"No."
"That's good. When bones break, they can poke through the skin or look misshapen," Dave said as he examined her wrist. "I don't see anything out of the ordinary. Pain, swelling, and limited motion are symptoms of sprains and broken bones. Only an x-ray can tell for sure."
"Ouch. Ouch," Brenda cried out as she moved her hand and wrist. "I don't think it's broken. When I broke my arm as a kid, it hurt much more."
"We should go to town and see a doctor," Cora said.
A trio of hikers rounded the curve. Dave and Cora said hello and explained the situation.
A millennial with a tiger tattoo on his forearm said, "We have a first aid kit you can use for the cuts and scraps."
"Thank you for offering," Dave said. "We have one with us and can handle those issues. I'm worried about her wrist."
The guy with the tattoo said, "It's a one-day hike to the closest town. Your other option is a guy called the 'Hippy Healer' who lives in a cabin on the ridgeline east of the trail. It's probably a two-hour hike to his place.
"I know hikers he's helped with typical hiking injuries: cuts, sprains, blisters, sunburn, and such. If you want, I can show you where he lives."
"Thank you," Brenda said. "I'll take you up on your offer."
Cora cleaned her cuts and scrapes and applied ointment and Band-Aids. Dave wrapped her wrist to immobilize it.
They climbed the hill cautiously. When they got to the top of the hill, the trail followed the ridgeline.
They came across a lesser-used path that jutted off to the East. Tattoo guy said, "This path leads to the Hippie Healer. You should be there in thirty minutes."
The groups said goodbye and went their separate ways.
^^^
"I see a cabin," Cora called out.
They heard the sound of wood being chopped. They walked around the hovel and saw a tall, thin man with his long hair in a bun.
"Hello," Cora said. "Are you the person called the Hippie Healer?"
The man smiled, put the ax down, and said, "Some call me that. Welcome, can I offer you water or food?"
"We don't mean to intrude, but our mother fell and hurt her wrist. If you could look at it, we would appreciate it."
"Hello, I'm Brenda and these concerned people are my children: Cora and Dave. I'm pretty sure I just sprained it when I used it to break my fall."
"I am not a doctor, and I don't claim to be a healer, but I will not turn away anyone in need. The world would be a better place if we all showed mercy and kindness to our fellow man. Come. Sit here in the shade." The man known as the Hippie Healer gestured toward a bench under a tree.
Brenda and Cora sat. The hippie went into his cabin and returned with a tray and four mason jars filled with water. He offered everyone a drink, they accepted and gulped it down.
"This water is from a natural spring," the host said.
Brenda said, "It's delicious."
"It is," their host said. "A hiker whose day job is being a chemist tested it and said the water contains potassium, calcium, iron, and zinc. These elements were once abundant in our soil and, therefore, in our food. Now the soil is depleted, and our bodies suffer."
He walked away and returned with a bucket of water, soap, and a cloth. He sat the bucket beside Brenda and said, "Please wash your hand and wrist, and I'll exam it."
She removed the wrap, submerged her hand, and attempted to wash it.
"Ouch. Owe," she cried out in pain.
"Let me do it, Mother," Cora said. She gently washed the hand and wrist.
The Hippie Healer returned with another tray. Upon it were bowls, more water, and some powders. He set it down on an old stump, knelt in front of Brenda, and asked, "May I have a look?"
She extended her arm. He avoided her injury and grasped her forearm. With gentle fingers, he examined her wrist and hand. Some prods caused Brenda to stiffen or groan.
"In my humble opinion, it is sprained," the hippie said. "There are a couple of things that will speed the healing. None of these will cause any injury if a bone is broken. We can try them and see if you get better. You can always go to a doctor or hospital when you get to town."
"I'd appreciate anything you can do," Brenda said.
"The standard treatment for sprains is rest, ice, compression, and elevation," HH said. "You are welcome to stay for as long as you like to rest. Elevation is easy. Keep your wrist above your heart. The wrap you had on your wrist is adequate for compression. Sorry, I can't supply any ice." He smiled.
"I can offer two home cures my grandmother sore by, a mustard plaster and cayenne pepper.
"I've heard of a mustard plaster," Brenda said. She laughed and said, "I've never heard of a home-cure using pepper."
"Live and learn, Bright Eyes," he said kindly.
"Is there anything we can do, Healer?" Dave asked.
"Yes. I think your mother would find a bath comforting. I have a galvanized tub on the patio. There's a bucket beside it. This path over there will take you to the spring." HH pointed to his right. "Fill the tub a third full, and put water in the cauldron over the fire pit. That'll supply the hot water."
He looked at Cora and said, "Maybe you could gather some branches and start a fire to heat the bathwater?"
The children nodded and did their assigned tasks. HH made a paste out of water, flour, and dried mustard. He spread the mixture on Brenda's wrist and said, "Mustard is a powerful herb that can boost your body's blood flow when used as a topical agent. More blood means that your body can work more efficiently to heal your injury. We'll do this for twenty minutes twice a day."
"Okay. So how does pepper help me heal?" Brenda asked.
He laughed and said, "Pepper you find on kitchen tables has no special healing properties that I know of. Cayenne pepper does. It has capsaicin, which is a natural pain reliever and enhances your rate of healing."
"Are you going to sprinkle some on my arm?" she asked.
"No. Unlike the mustard plaster, this won't be a topical treatment. I'll make you dinner using cayenne pepper as one of the spices. I make a wicked vegetarian chili. I'll reduce the garlic and chili powder and up the amount of cayenne pepper. I hope you like spicy food."
"I do," Brenda said with a smile.
"Rest, hold your arm up, and I'll call you when your bath is ready. Dinner is at seven."
By the time the mustard plaster was due to come off, Brenda's bath was ready. While the Hippy Healer prepared dinner, Brenda stripped in front of her children and got into the tub.
"Oh, this is wonderful," Brenda said as she sat in the tub. It was plenty wide and long enough for her to sit and stretch out her legs. She bent her knees, slid her butt along the bottom, and was able to wet her head and upper torso.
She sat up, leaned her back on the tub, and luxuriated on the water. Her children stood and watched. No one was uncomfortable with her nudity.
Cora produced a sliver of soap and asked, "Do you want to wash?"
"I'd love to be clean, but with one hand, I can't do a good job."
"I can wash you," Cora said.
"Thanks."
Cora washed her mother. Dave had nowhere else to be, so he watched and chatted with his mother and sister. Cora was thorough. She did her mother's face, neck, arms, shoulders, and back. She washed her breasts, vagina, and anus and finished by doing her legs and feet.
HH came to the room that opened onto the patio and asked through the open door, "Brenda, does the warm bath feel good?"
"Yes," she answered, and she covered her boobs and pussy with her hands.
The healer did not come onto the patio. He stayed a foot inside the door, so he had no view of Brenda's naked body.
"Good," he said. "I found a bottle of shampoo, and here are three towels. I'll place them on a chair. Dave and Cora, you have time for a quick soak and scrub before dinner. It'll be ready in an hour." He placed the items on a chair and left.
"Dave," Brenda said. "Please get the shampoo. Cora, would you mind?"
"Of course not."
Dave fetched the items and handed his sister the shampoo. Brenda dunked her head, and Cora washed her mother's dark blonde hair.
Cora said, "Dave, could you heat more water?"
"Okay," he said. He refilled the cauldron and built up the fire beneath it. When the water was very warm, he brought some to the tub. He watched his mother get out of the tub, wrap her body in a towel, and sit in a wicker chair. Then, he poured the hot water into the tub.
His sister stripped. Dave smiled when he saw her pink nipples and firm breasts. She stepped into the tub.
"Cora, is it warm enough?" he asked.
"Perfect," Cora said as she churned the water in the tub with her hands, blending the new water in with the old. She washed her body, lifting her shapely hairy legs out of the water as she scrubbed them.
She laughed and said, "I'm turning into a beast. I have hair on my legs and in my armpits. It's never been this long." She pulled on the hair on her legs.
"You and me both," Brenda said and laughed.
Cora sat, put her hands behind her head, and showed them her hairy pits. Dave laughed and looked at the pits and her beautiful breasts, which were out of the water.
Brenda responded by copying her daughter's pose and showed her children the hair in her armpits. The towel slid down her body, baring her breasts which jiggled. Everyone laughed.
After a quick shampoo and rinse, Cora exited the tub. Her brother held a towel out for her. She stepped into it and dried herself.
Dave removed his clothes in front of his kin, hopped into the tub, and said, "This is a luxury I didn't expect to find on the trail." He washed his body and shampooed his hair. Cora handed him a towel when he finished.
They dressed; Brenda needed help. They were ready when their host called them to the table.
"What a spread," Brenda said. "I love the bouquet of wildflowers on the table."
"Thank you," HH said. "You're in luck. I baked the bread yesterday. The chili has no meat. I use three kinds of beans to provide protein. It's spicy. I added extra cayenne pepper because it will help your mother's wrist heal."
"Dinner smells good," Dave said.
HH nodded, accepting the compliment. He reached out his hands to Dave and Brenda, who sat beside him, and said, "Will you join me in a blessing?"
Everyone held hands and bowed their heads. HH said, "Earth, we are thankful for this food. God, we are thankful for the friends beside us. We are hopeful that others are not going hungry tonight and that all find love, peace, and understanding. Amen."
"Amen," his guests said.
They ate; everyone complimented HH on the meal. Brenda said, "I liked your blessing. So you believe in God?"
"I believe in a higher power. The earth and all things on it, to me, are too wonderful, too complicated, and too interconnected to have evolved by themselves. For want of a better term, I use 'God'. I do not participate in any organized religion. I live according to the golden rule, and I respect and try to appreciate the earth, all people, and everything around us."
"I like your philosophy," she said and smiled.
"Healer, how can we repay you for your help and hospitality?" Dave asked.
"Your company is sufficient."
"I want to do more."
"I am running low on supplies. I was planning to go to town tomorrow. If you go for me, I could stay and tend to your mother."
"I'll leave in the morning. Provide me with a list of what you need, and please allow me to pay for it."
"As you wish."
When they finished the meal, Cora insisted on clearing the table and doing the dishes. Dave helped.
Afterward, they sat with their mother on the patio and talked.
HH joined them, smiled, and said, "I like to greet and say goodbye to the sun. It will be setting soon. Would you like to join me in my ritual?"
"Sure," they said.
He led them to a spot that had an unobstructed view of the sunset. He said, "This is how I like to experience the beauty and serenity of a sunset."
He undressed and sat in the grass, facing the sunset. He crossed his legs and put his hands on knees with thumbs and index fingers forming a circle: the classic lotus position.
Brenda said to herself, "He is a fit man, long and lean. I don't care for the man bun."
"He's got a nice uncut penis. If it's that long and thick when it's soft..." Cora thought. She smiled and stifled a giggle.
The women undressed and sat in the yoga position. Dave hesitated and then took his clothes off. He had trouble sitting cross-legged.
HH looked to his left and right and smiled at his naked guests. He said, "I try to do this every day. There is something magical about sunsets. They have an air of tranquility and calmness that soothes my soul. The rising sun signals we have a new opportunity; the sun going down provides a much-needed closure to the day and lends itself to an evening of welcomed unwinding."
They stayed and watched the sun go down. Brenda noticed Cora's eyes darting from the sunset to HH's penis. When it was finished, she said, "Thank you, Healer, for sharing that with us. Dave, could you help me back to the cabin? I'd like to get into my sleeping clothes."
"Sure." He assisted her as she stood, and they went inside without getting dressed.
Cora made her move. She got closer to HH and did the little tricks women do to signal they're interested in a guy. She leaned in and looked deep into his eyes. Then she leaned away and spoke softly so he had to lean into her to hear her words. She fluttered her eyelashes, licked her lips, and played with her hair. All the while, she made sure he had an unobstructed view of her breasts.
She laughed, giggled, and smiled as she talked. She touched his arm, managed to brush his bicep with a boob, and raked her fingernails on his upper thigh next to the sleeping beast: his penis. It stirred.
HH was aware of her game and willing to play. They flirted and soon kissed. That led to caressing and groping. When the getting-to-know-you phase was over, Cora went hardcore. She planted her ass on his face, and while he licked her slit, she devoured his dick. Another quick move had her riding his cock.
The sex was hurried and rough. She climaxed first, and they gasped, moaned, and clutched each other.
She rested, sighed, and said, "Thanks. I needed that."
"Thank you. I enjoyed it too," he said with a smile.
She got on her knees next to him, sat on her heels, and made herself small. She looked up at him with wide, desperate eyes, and said, in her best cockney accent, "Please, sir, I want some more."
He burst out laughing and said, "I've never had anyone drop the Oliver Twist line on me requesting more sex."
He grabbed her gently, kissed her passionately, and sensually made love to her.
^^^
Dave had dressed his mother, and she went to bed. He went to find the others. He heard the Healer guffaw and saw his sister wrestle and kiss the hippie. "Ah. I remember that. They are having sex," he said in his brain. "They don't need me intruding."
He stopped his advance, but he didn't turn around. He stayed and watched and listened. As they got excited; he got excited. His sister sucked HH's cock; Dave stroked his.
He watched them sixty-nine and saw his sister ride him. Dave spat on his hand and stroked harder. When he heard his sister moan and climax, he came. He grunted and tried to be quiet as his seed spilled on the ground.
Dave turned and made his way to the cabin. Cora and the Healer hugged and enjoyed their bliss.
^^^
The following morning, the Hippie Healer greeted the sun naked and in his pose of contemplation. The others slept.
After breakfast, Dave took HH's list and headed to town. He kissed his mother and sister goodbye and said, "I'll see you tomorrow evening."
The Healer made and applied a mustard plaster to Brenda's wrist and instructed her to rest. He left her and went to his garden.
Cora joined him, working in his garden. As the day grew warm, they stripped down to their underwear. He wore briefs; she had boyshorts.
After completing their task, they kissed, hugged, and rolled in the grass. He sucked on her tanned pert tits eliciting moans of approval.
"Ah. Oh. Mmmm. I like that."
He ate her furry pussy. She was particularly vocal when he tongued her clit and jammed two fingers into her box.
"Oh! Oh, yeah! Ohh. I love THAT!" she screamed the last word as her body convulsed, and she had an orgasm.
After a brief rest, she returned the favor by sucking his dick and fucking him like a madwoman when he took her from behind, doggie-style. Her hand was on her clitoris and contributed to her second orgasm.
They returned to the cabin with big smiles on their faces.
"How are you, Mom?" Cora asked. She and HH were naked.
Brenda was indifferent to their bare flesh. She answered, "Better. My legs appreciate the break from hiking, and my tummy has enjoyed the good meals. My wrist hurts and doesn't move like it used to, but I think it's better."
"Good," her daughter said.
"May I have a look?" the Healer asked. His dick was soft and freshly washed by Cora's tongue. It bounced as he walked.
"Yes. Please do."
He removed the mustard plaster and examined her hand and wrist. "This looks awful," he said with a laugh," but that's expected. The bruising and discoloration get worse as blood pools around the injury. We need to encourage the blood flow."
"Are you going to feed me more cayenne pepper?" Brenda asked and chuckled.
"At dinner, yes," he answered. "I have another remedy for now. How about a massage? It will stimulate blood flow and physically facilitates circulation because the pressure created by my hands moves blood through your blood vessels."
"Who says no to a massage?"
"Excellent. Please disrobe; I'll get my table and oil."
"I'm jealous," Cora said. "A massage!"
Brenda stood and bared her breasts to her daughter, smiled playfully, and said, "I'm jealous of your glow. Did you have sex?"
"Yes! Last night and a little while ago. Mom, it was great, and it had been so long! More than two months."
Brenda laughed and said, "I haven't had sex in over a year." She removed the rest of her clothes and stood naked before her daughter.
"Do him! You must be gagging for it. I was," Cora said. "When I haven't had sex for ages, having a firm dick in me is like scratching an intense itch. Nothing else will do!"
Cora looked at her mother, expecting a nod or other sign, confirming that what she said was the Gospel truth. Brenda hesitated and then nodded.
Cora smiled and said, "A little flirting was all it took. You remember how to do that, don't you?" her daughter teased.
"You won't be angry or jealous?"
"No! The Healer has a good dick and the scenery here is pretty, but no way would I live here and renounce all material goods and all modern conveniences!"
"Well...." Brenda bit her lower lip.
"This is your best chance. Dave's away. I'm just saying, I'm glad I knocked four out."
"You've had FOUR orgasms?"
"Yeah. Two last night and two this morning. I'll make myself scarce. Tell the Uncut Lover that I went for a walk." She hugged her mother, whispered, "Good luck," and left.
HH returned, carrying a portable massage table, a kit containing massage supplies, and a towel. When he got near the outside door, he said, "I brought you a towel..." His voice trailed off as he stepped through the doorway and saw that she was naked.
"I guess you're not shy," he joked. "Where's Cora?"
"She went for a walk."
"It's a good day for that," he said as he set up the massage table. She climbed on it and laid on her stomach.
"I want this to be relaxing and comfortable for you. Are there any parts of your body I shouldn't touch? Do you want me to cover you with a small towel? Do I need to get dressed?"
"No. No and no," she said. "You look very comfortable. I'm comfortable. You can proceed."
He lit a fragrant candle and got out his massage oil. He wet his hands and went to work, gliding, kneading, applying pressure and friction, and doing deep tissue massage.
She lay there with her eyes closed; At times, she moaned and sighed.
He stood over her and worked on her neck and shoulders
"Mmmm. You know what you're doing."
"Thanks. I went to school and did this for years before moving here."
Brenda turned her head and opened her eyes. His penis was right there. She giggled and said, "I forgot you were naked."
"Is it a problem?"
"No. It's been a while since I've had such a close-up view of a penis. You have a nice one. Uncircumcised, I see."
"Yes. Did you know only one in three men worldwide is circumcised?"
"I did not. Yours is the first uncut cock I've seen."
"My mother thought it was a medically unnecessary procedure and a form of genital mutilation. It's never been an issue for me or my partners."
HH moved and finished his work on her back and said, "Please roll over."
She did. Her breasts puddled' She looked at her body, frowned, and said, "Sorry for the disappointing view."
"What do you mean? You're a very attractive woman."
"My kids and I have been hiking for six weeks. As you can see, I haven't shaved during that time. I'm hairy." She lifted her arms and exposed her hairy armpits.
"Stop it," he said sharply. "You've nothing to be ashamed of. Humans have hair. It's one of five characteristics all mammals have in common." He took a deep breath and said in a softer voice, " I'm sorry I barked at you. How many men have apologized for being hairy? None.
"My mother was a feminist. I was taught that women do not have to apologize for their bodies. For breastfeeding. For what they eat, what they wear, or how they look. She was all about empowerment. I heard her tell other women, 'When have you ever hear a man apologize for being assertive, about how he looked, or anything? Buck up, Sister, and stand up for yourself.'"
"She was right," Brenda said.
HH gave her an excellent massage and touched her everywhere, including her breasts. As he touched and rubbed her breasts, he said, "In the West, breast massaging is just beginning to be done. Studies show that it improves circulation and aids in detoxing the body.
"The breasts are part of the lymphatic system which moves toxins from the body. Some people theorize that bras block the natural lymph drainage system and that breast massages open up the pathways."
"Mmmm. I'm not sure about removing toxins, but it feels good," Brenda said. Her nipples were erect.
"Nothing wrong with pleasure," HH said as he bumped her arm with his erection; he grinned.
She noticed the touch, looked, saw his erection, and flicked her eyes up at his. She saw his grin. He said, "You can't be surprised. You're a beautiful woman, and I'm a red-blooded male."
He massaged her hands and feet and earned more accolades. He rubbed her abdomen gently and asked, "Any digestion issues?"
"No."
He raked his hands through her bush and brazenly touched her clit.
"Oh!" she gasped and jumped.
"I've massaged your body. It's relaxed. I sense you have another need. Can I take care of it too?"
She hesitated. He slowly caressed her button. She gasped, and her hips rose, increasing the pressure of his finger on her clit.
"Ohhh! I want to have sex with you," she said. Her tone was pleading.
"I want to have sex with you."
"You had sex with my daughter."
"And?" He looked genuinely surprised by her objection. "Cora and I are adults who had some fun. It was purely physical. No strings attached. No expectations."
She opened her mouth to speak. Closed it, paused, and said, "I'm not used to indulging my carnal desires. I was married for twenty-one years."
HH laughed. Brenda joined in when she realized how ridiculous her statement was. She clarified it. "I meant I had a husband. An outlet. I not used to having sex outside of a relationship for the sake of having sex."
"Why deny yourself pleasure? There will be no repercussions. You're not breaking your wedding vow. We understand this is not about love. It's about lust. Need. Being human."
"You're right. Let's do it!" She sat up and kissed him. He kissed her back. Once the train had left the station, there was no turning back. Brenda was all over him, kissing and groping and moaning and sighing.
HH was just as aggressive. First, he pulled her to a grassy spot. His mouth kissed her lips, neck, and breasts. He sucked on her blunt nipples. He ate her hairy pussy, and her juice flowed.
"Oh. Oh!" she cried out as she held his head to her vagina and climaxed.
When she recovered, she sucked his stiff cock and climbed on top of him. She rode him and smiled, cooed, and gasped as HH grinned and played roughly with her breasts.
"Ahh!" she cried out when he pinched her nipples. It triggered another orgasm. "Ohhhh!" she moaned loudly, and her body froze.
HH slammed his cock into her and took his release.
She collapsed; he held her. They rested as waves of pleasure washed over them.
When Brenda opened her eyes, she smiled red-faced at HH, and said, "When can we do it again?"
He laughed and said, "Fine by me, but I'll need help getting ready."
Brenda knelt, took his messy, shriveled penis into her mouth. She tasted his cum and her essence and tried to remember how to give a blowjob. It had been at least a decade since she went down on her husband. She hadn't given many in her lifetime. She struggled.
HH let her continue for a few minutes. His dick didn't respond. He touched her shoulder and said kindly, "Thanks for trying. I think I need more time. How about we try later this afternoon?"
"Okay."
^^^
"Mom, did you..." Cora asked when she saw her.
Brenda smiled. Big.
"You hooked up with the Healer! How was it?"
"Wonderful. I came twice!
"You slut!
Her mother's smile disappeared, and her face fell.
"Oh, Mom. I was teasing," Cora said. "You're not a slut. You're an empowered woman who's not afraid of getting her needs met."
Mother and daughter smiled and laughed.
Cora asked, "Are you going to do it again?"
"I want to be with him again."
"So do I!" the daughter said.
The women huddled and talked. They went to find their host wearing only their panties. He was tinkering with something, looked up, and smiled when they approached. "Hello, my lovelies," he said.
They smiled and said hello. Brenda said, "We want to continue to have sex with you. To share you."
He went to them, put an arm around their waist, and pulled them to him. He kissed each, groped their ass, and said, "That's an exciting idea. I hope I can satisfy you both."
Brenda gasped, her face turned red, and she blurted, "I don't mean share as in a threesome. I meant we'd like to take turns." Her eyes darted wildly from his right eye to his left. She added, "I'm new to this empowered woman thing."
HH laughed loudly. The women joined in. He said, "I'm at your service. I'm honored you want to sleep with me. How shall we do this? And remember I'm not a robot I can't do it twenty times a day."
"Oh my!" Brenda exclaimed. "I wasn't expecting that kind of performance."
Cora said, "How about doing Mom this afternoon. Can you be with both of us tonight?"
He nodded.
^^^
The Hippie Healer came into the kitchen around noon and discovered that Brenda and Cora had made lunch. They sat and ate and talked.
"I'll clean up," Cora offered. "Why don't you guys go for a walk." She playfully raised her eyebrows repeatedly in an exaggerated Groucho Marx manner. The others got the hint and laughed.
HH took Brenda's hand and led her to a beautiful spot. They lay together and kissed like teenagers.
"Your breasts are soft, and your hard nipples are begging to be sucked," he said.
"Then suck 'em," she said breathily.
He did, causing her to clutch his head, pull it to her bosom, and moan.
"Have I told you I find your ass appealing?" he said. He rolled her over, kissed, and groped her butt. He pulled her hips off the ground. She got on her hands and knees. He knelt behind her, admired and caressed her bum, and squeezed a meaty cheek.
"What are you doing? My bottom is fat and flabby," she protested. She placed a hand over her anus. He couldn't see her face, but he knew she was blushing. He could hear her embarrassment in her voice as she said, "You don't want to see my butt hole."
"I do," he said and pried her hand away. "I want to see everything. Your butt is great. Yes, it's big and round. There's nothing wrong with that. It's soft and sexy." He kissed a cheek and licked her asshole.
"Don't. That's dirty."
"Maybe I like dirty." He licked her bum hole again and pressed his pointed tongue against the crinkled orifice. He proceeded to rim her asshole.
At first, she thought, "This is weird and gross." Then she thought, "This is okay."
He went to town eating her ass, and she enjoyed it.
She gasped and thought, "Wow. I'm really wet. It's not just from what he's doing, it's from how he's doing it. He's so excited. He loves my butt. I'm turned on because he's losing his mind over my ass!"
"I love your big bottom!"
"I can tell," Brenda said, giggling.
He placed his dick against her vagina and pushed. He was so hard, and she was so wet, it slid all the in.
"Oh!" they groaned.
He fucked her like a man with his hair on fire. He pulled on her nipples. He threw his cock into her. He gushed, telling her how beautiful she was and how great her pussy felt.
"Ohhhh!" she called out as she had a big orgasm.
"Oh. Ohhh!" he moaned as his dick exploded and he coated her insides with cum.
They stopped moving, collapsed, and gasped for air as they were lost in their blissful feelings.
"Wow. You did a number on me," Brenda confessed.
"You inspired me!"
"How long had you had this thing for big-bottomed, middle-aged women?"
They laughed until their bellies hurt.
^^^
They had dinner at six o'clock. Afterward, HH put a mustard plaster on Brenda's arm. Cora helped him put his supplies away, grabbed his hand, and shouted, "Mom, I'm going outside to have sex with our lover."
"Okay, Dear," she answered, shook her head, and said to herself, "Never in a million years did I ever expect to hear my daughter say that."
The hippie spread a blanket on the ground; they undressed and kissed. He was more talkative than usual. In between kisses, caresses, and other things, he showered her with compliments.
"You're so beautiful." "I love you boobs." "You are very fit and have dynamite legs." "Could an ass be any firmer?" "Oh, girl! You know how to suck cock!"
After each had given the other oral, Cora giggled and said, "I understand you like bums."
"What? Your mother told you?" he said, surprised.
"Our relationship has evolved from mother-daughter to tell-me-everything besties," she said and laughed.
She stood facing away from him and grabbed her ankles. Her perfect ass was on display, as well as her holes. Her breasts were visible between her legs, and so was her happy smile. She peered back at him and said. "Take me!"
He stood behind her, wet the tip of his dick, and penetrated her pussy.
"Ahh," they gasped.
He grabbed her hips and pistoned in and out of her. "I do love a good ass, and you have a great one. You're pretty flexible."
"I am." She stood and pulled away from him and said, "Lie on your back."
"You want to ride me?" he said and chuckled.
"Yes, but not like you think," she teased. She squatted and took his dick inside her vagina. Then she twisted her body and did a split fully extending her legs.
"Wow!"
"I was a cheerleader and did a lot of splits." She bounced on his dick and shouted, "Two! Four! Six! Eight! What do we appreciate! Hard cocks!"
They laughed. She got off him and said, "Whew! That was difficult. It's been a while since I did a split."
"Thanks. It was awesome."
She rolled on her back and put her legs straight in the air, spread them, and said, "Fuck me. I can hold this position long enough that we can have some fun."
He knelt, sunk his dick into her, and they had sex as he held her legs in the air. "How flexible are you?" he asked as he pushed her legs toward her head.
"Very." She grabbed her legs and put her feet behind her head.
"Wow! Look at you, Miss Super Flexible. Again, you're showing me both holes. Can I fuck your butt?"
She giggled and said, "I've done anal. I need to be very drunk, and we'd need lots of lube. I'm not feeling it tonight."
"I understand," he said. He slid his dick into her pussy.
"Oh. God! You're in so deep," she said.
He fucked her with slow strokes not wanting to smash into her cervix. It turned out to be a superb choice. The slow, long strokes allowed their pleasure to build and build and build.
"Ohhh," she moaned. "This feels so good, yet it's excruciating! You've brought me to the brink of an orgasm and aren't letting me climax."
"I'm not edging on purpose. I have a long dick, and in this position, I can easily punch your cervix. This build-up is killing me too. We have to change positions."
She said, "Let me get on top."
He rolled onto his back. She got on her knees, mounted him, and rode him hard. The ride was short, and the orgasmic cries were loud.
"OOHHH!" they yelled.
^^^
Cora and her lover stopped by the spring to clean up and returned to the cabin. Brenda smiled and said, "I'd asked how it went, but there's no need. I heard your shouts!"
The couple blushed. Cora asked, "Is Dave back yet?"
"No."
They hung out, hours passed, and still, Dave didn't show. Cora said, "I'll wait for Dave. Why don't you two go enjoy that big beautiful full moon."
Brenda and HH went out to the spot where he watched the sun rise and fall. They undressed. He spread out a blanket, and they snuggled and kissed.
They made love. Slowly. Sensuously.
As Cora waited for her brother, she glanced periodically at the shagging couple. She could see them silhouetted against the moon. Once when she looked out the window, she saw another figure. This one was between her and the lovers.
"Dave's back," she thought and went outside. She approached him unnoticed, as he was fixated on the couple. Their mother was on top; her breasts bounced as she fucked the hippie.
"How long has he been watching?" Cora wondered. She saw his hand moving; it was even with his fly. "He's masturbating, I'll slip away," she told herself. She stepped back. Her foot landed on a twig; she broke it, causing a loud snapping sound.
Dave turned his head toward her and fiddled with his pants. "Ah... Ah. Hi, Cora." He sounded a little out of breath, surprised, and embarrassed.
Hi," she answered softly. "I didn't mean to sneak up on you. So you're back."
"Yeah. Umm. How's Mom?"
"Better. The rest and treatments she has received have helped."
"Is she receiving treatment now?" He pointed an accusatory finger at their mother. His voice sounded angry.
"Don't be a douche," Cora said sharply, coming to her mom's defense. "This is a journey of recovery. Mom's lonely and horny. It's been over a year since she has had sex, so give her a break. The hippie's a good dude; he's gentle and caring. I've had sex with him too. Everyone needs a release now and then."
"Sorry, You're right." He appeared to deflate. His shoulders sagged. "I know she's not cheating on Dad. It was silly to think she'd never have sex or find another partner for the rest of her life. I'm the celibate member of the family."
Cora felt the sadness in his voice, stepped up to him, and put her arm around his shoulder. She said, "You'll find someone. Your ex was a bitch. You're better off without her."
"Yeah. Still. I'm in a serious dry spell."
"Then you know exactly how Mom's feels." She dropped a hand to his crotch and noted that his pants were unzipped.
"Hey!" he shouted and stepped back.
"I know what you were doing. It's okay."
"What are you talking about?" he said, sounding defensive.
"I get it. You're in a dry spell, and you come across a naked couple having sex. Mom's boobs look great silhouetted against the moon, so you get your dick out and stroke it."
He stood there rigid and silent.
She reached into his pants, touched his dick, and said, "Let me help you. I won't fuck my brother, but I'll give you a handjob."
He turned away from her, causing her hand to come out of his shorts, and said, "I don't need a pity handjob."
"Don't you?" she said. She waited a few seconds and put her hand back into his shorts. She freed his dick and rubbed it.
"Ohhhh!" he groaned. His hips pushed forward.
She spat on her hand to get some lubricant and beat his meat.
"Oh, God!" he cried out and came. She continued to jack him off as he shot ropes of cum on the ground. He gasped and groaned.
"Thank you, Cora," he murmured.
"You're welcome." She giggled and said, "You might want to work on your stamina. You came in ten seconds."
"Bitch!" he said with a smile.
"Ingrate!"
From off in the distance, they heard their mother and the hippie cry out. They looked over and saw her body shudder, and she collapsed on her lover.
"Thanks for the pity handjob," Dave said.
"Get yourself a girlfriend. There'll be no more pity sex from me."
"You know, I lasted at least fifteen seconds."
They broke up laughing.
^^^
Early the next morning, Dave, Brenda, and Cora left the Hippie Healer. The women kissed him on the cheek and expressed their gratitude.
"You're welcome," he said. "You enriched my life. Godspeed and have a safe journey."
They established a good pace and, over the next couple of days, traveled a sizable distance. The trail took them onto a ridge.
"Wow," Dave said. "The view from here is spectacular."
They heard a rumble of thunder, turned around, and saw dark clouds headed their way.
"That looks bad," Brenda said. "Do you think we can make it to the next shelter?"
"I hope so," Cora said. "Those clouds look heavy with rain."
They walked with purpose and might have made it to the shelter, but sections of the trail had been washed away by earlier rains, and that slowed their progress.
The rains came, and they got soaked to the bone.
Cora's teeth chattered as she said, "I'm cold, and I need to rest."
"Damn it! We're miles from the shelter," her brother said.
"We're soaked and cold," Brenda said as she shivered. "Dave, I know it's a pain in the ass, but could you put up a tent? We need to get out of this rain."
Dave found a spot that, although wet, drained well. He set up his tent. Brenda said, "You know the drill to prevent hypothermia. Get your wet clothes off and get into the tent."
The three of them stripped. Cora was shaking, her teeth chattered, and her pink nipples were hard and extended. Brenda's nipples were hard too. The cold rain made Dave's dick tiny. Everyone's hair was plastered to their heads as they crawled into the tent and dried themselves with whatever they could find.
"Dave, zip two sleeping bags together. We're getting in and warming Cora with our bodies. Maximize the skin-to-skin contact."
Brenda hugged her daughter as Dave joined together two sleeping bags. They crawled inside with Cora in the middle.
Cora snuggled up against her mother's back. Dave got behind her, zipped closed the bags, and put his front to his sister's back.
Cora cupped her mother's right breast. She found holding and squeezing it comforting.
Dave pressed his body against Cora. His soft dick drifted into the crevice of her butt cheeks. It didn't stay tiny and soft for long.
The rain continued to fall. They lay together in silence until Cora stopped shivering and said, "Guys, I feel better."
Brenda turned, face the daughter, and said, "I'm glad. If only the rain would stop." She kissed Cora.
"Your lips are cold," Cora said.
"Mom, maybe you should get in the middle," Dave suggested.
Cora said, "Dave, I think you should be in the middle. We'll snuggle up against you. I can feel the heat radiating off your body. You're our best heat generator."
Cora rolled on top of her brother. He felt her soft breasts and hard nipples on his chest. He scooted toward the center, and Cora rolled off him, taking his spot. The women threw a leg over his legs. He lifted his arms, put them around their shoulders, and pulled them to him. Their heads rested on his chest.
Cora grabbed her mother's hand and asked, "Is your hand cold?"
"Yes."
"Hold this," Cora snickered as she pressed her mother's palm against her brother's hard-on.
"Oh!" Mother and son cried out when contact was made. Brenda pulled her hand away.
"Not funny," Brenda said in a stern voice.
"Yes, it was!" Cora said as she wrapped her hand around her brother's erection and said, "Dave's dick makes a nice hand warmer. Mind you, it's only big enough to do one hand at a time."
"Har, har, Sis."
"Cora, are you that shameless, or has hypothermia made you delusional?" her mother asked.
"Just trying to bring some levity to a dire situation."
Brenda grabbed her daughter's forearm and pulled her hand away from her brother's penis. She kept a firm grip on it.
They lay together and fell asleep.
Hours later, Brenda woke because she needed to pee. She found herself on her side, facing away from her children. Dave was spooning her and his dick pressed against her bum. She unzipped the sleeping bags.
Her movement woke him. He yawned, stretched, and pushed his erection into his mother. It took him a second to realize where he was and that his cock was touching his mother.
"Oh, God! Sorry, Mom. I didn't do that on purpose."
She laughed, moved away from him, and said, "I know all about morning wood and innocent prodding. No harm; no foul."
Brenda sat and smiled at her red-faced son. All he saw were her big breasts and reddish-brown nipples. She tapped him on the shoulder to get his attention and said, "Listen. The rain has stopped."
"Stop talking!" Cora whined. "I'm sleeping."
Dave sat up. Cora said, "Hey! Where did my bed warmer go?"
Brenda crawled out of the sleeping bag, went to the tent door, and opened it. In the process, she mooned her children. Cora giggled and said, "How come it's sunny outside, yet I see a big, pale moon?"
"Is that the moon or the planet her-anus?" Dave cracked.
The kids laughed. Brenda sat on her heels, looked over her shoulder, and said, "People like you are the reason we have middle fingers." She smirked and flipped them the bird.
They laughed.
^^^
Two weeks later, Cora, Dave, and Brenda met a man and a young woman hiking. They were headed in the same direction and decided to travel together.
The woman, Darlene, was friendly; she had a pretty face and was athletic. She was a big girl: 5' 10" and 170 pounds. She was nearly as tall and heavy as Dave. She wasn't fat; she was healthy, strong, and had a thick body.
The guy was weird.
Hikers can be an odd lot. They walked for months on end with little concern about how they look or smell. Even among hikers, this guy was strange. He rarely spoke and was often found staring at Darlene.
Everyone liked Darlene and gave the guy, Ralph, the benefit of the doubt.
The group followed the trail up a long slope. Everyone was tired and huffing and puffing as they made the climbed single file. Dave was the lead hiker. He stumbled, fell off to the side, and it looked like he was going to tumble to the bottom of the hill.
While Cora and Brenda gasped, Darlene moved quickly. She reached out and grabbed him. She jumped on top of him, flattening him to the ground and stopping him from rolling down the slope and certainly injuring himself.
"Dave, are you all right?" his mother asked.
"You saved him, Darlene," Cora said.
Everyone congregated around Dave and Darlene. They asked how they felt and looked for blood. They had some minor scrapes.
When everyone was certain that no one was seriously injured, Cora said, "Brother, I thought you were a goner. I saw you stumble and thought you were going to tumble ass over tea kettle to the bottom of the hill."
"Yes. Surely, you would have broken something," Brenda said. "Darlene, you're my hero!"
"Uh-oh, Darlene," Cora said. "They say no good deed goes unpunished. I think you'll regret saving my brother because you know the old adage, whenever you save someone's life, you become responsible for them forever. Bummer." She made a face and shook her head.
Cora brought a finger to her lips and appeared deep in thought, and said, "Or does Dave owe you a life debt? Will he spend a lifetime repaying you?"
Darlene said, "I've studied anthropology in college. The concepts you mentioned are not part of any society or culture."
She laughed and added, "Cora, I think you've been watching too much television. The first idea came from a show calledKung Fustarring David Carradine, and the latter has appeared in many shows ranging fromGilligan's Islandto theStar Warsmovies."
Darlene looked at Dave and said, "I did what anyone would do. If you want to thank me, buy me a beer when we complete the thru-hike."
"That's a deal," Dave said. He smiled at the pretty, young woman and added, "Thanks again for saving my ass."
^^^
Over the next couple of days, Darlene and Dave talked and laughed. He learned that she was a student at the college he was attending in the fall.
As they got closer, the weird guy got weirder. One night he left.
"Where's Mr, Personality?" Cora asked one morning. "I don't see his tent."
"He packed up and left in the middle of the night," Dave answered.
"No lost there," Brenda said. "I don't think he said a dozen words to me since he joined us."
"I'm relieved," Darlene said. "He's the reason I joined up with you. He was creepy. When it was just the two of us, he'd ask me all sorts of questions. Do I have a boyfriend? What do I like in a guy? He even asked me questions about my sex life. I trying to ditch him by speeding up and slowing down, but he stuck with me, matching me step for step.
"I was worried and getting desperate when you guys showed up."
"I wonder," Brenda said, "if he left because you and Dave are spending so much time together? "
"That would make you my hero!" Darlene said. She fluttered her eyelashes at Dave, clasped hands, and held them against her heart.
"So in a way, I saved you?" Dave said, teasingly as he looked at Darlene. "That makes us even. You saved me, and I've saved you. Don't worry, I'll still buy you a beer."
When Darlene went off to pee, Cora went to her brother and interrogated him: Do you like her? Have you kissed? Are you stupid? She pretty; she's nice. What the hell are you waiting for?
"I like her, but..."
"But what?" she interrupted him.
"She's different from any girl I've dated."
"She certainly is! She smart, pretty, and nice."
"She's big," he said. "She's nearly as tall as me and close to my equal in weight."
"She's a big girl, but she's not fat," Cora said. "She has an athletic build and an hourglass figure. I grant you it's bigger than 36-24-36, but her body has the same ratio. I thought you'd love her tits. They're huge. Did I mention she pretty and kind, and for some reason she likes you?"
Dave stared at his sister. He looked deep in thought.
She said, "You silly goose, this could be the end of your dry spell and a long-term solution for your love life since she attends the college you'll be going to!"
Darlene returned, smiled, and asked, "What are you talking about?"
"You," Cora said. "How nice and pretty you are. Dave wondered if he could kiss you. I told him he was asking the wrong person."
"You want to kiss me?" Darlene asked Dave.
"Yes."
"Then do it."
Dave stood, went to Darlene, and embraced her. She filled his arms with her wide shoulders and full breasts. He looked into her bright eyes and bought his lips to hers. He kissed her gingerly and discovered that her lips were soft and warm. He pressed harder. She responded in kind.
The kiss grew in length and ardor and only ended because Cora started hooting and hollering. The participants pulled apart, looking embarrassed. They had red faces and were slightly out of breath.
Brenda said, "Cora, stop being a pest. Dave, why don't you take Darlene for a walk? I bet you can find a lovely spot to look at the stars."
Dave took his mother's advice and asked Darlene. She agreed, and they found a quiet spot to resume their kiss. They kissed, hugged, and grope each other. Darlene allowed Dave to take her top and sports bra off.
"Wow. These are spectacular!" he said as he viewed her breasts.
His face turned red, and he said, "I'm sorry. That was disrespectful; I objectified you. You are spectacular."
She smiled, lifted a big, heavy tit, presented it to him. She said, "It's okay. I know have big boobs. I have a big butt too. You're not hurting my feelings by stating the obvious. The question I want answered is: Do you find me attractive?"
Dave stared at her oversized nipples, looked into her eyes. and said, "You are unlike any of the girls I have dated. My type was petite."
Her smile faded.
"Did you notice I said 'was'? As we've hiked and I've gotten to know you, I've realized you're a great person - you're smart and kind. I recognized your inner beauty first. Now, I appreciate all of you. You're not too big for me. You're fun and sexy."
Her eyes watered, and tears streaked her face. She grabbed him, hugged and kissed him. She ripped his clothes off, dropped to her knees, and sucked his dick until he grunted and came in her mouth.
"Wow! That was great," he said.
They cuddled.
He undressed her and sucked on her melon-sized breasts. He used two hands to hold it in place.
"Mmmm, I like that," she said. "You have a gentle touch."
After playing with and enjoying her breasts, he slid in between her thighs and stared at her hairy pussy.
She giggled and said, "This isn't how I like men to see me, but I've been hiking for months. I'm a beast with hairy legs, a full bush, and furry pits. In my regular life, I'm a girly girl. I shave my pits and legs, I wax my pussy, and my toenail and fingernail color always match."
He laughed and said, "You're not meeting me at my best. I don't usually have a beard, and the shaggy hair on my head isn't my normal look."
He pressed his face against her bush, breathed deeply, pulled away, and said, "I like what I see and smell. I can't wait to taste you." He used his tongue to find her gash and licked her from stem to stern.
"Ohhh. God!" she cried out.
Dave continued his assault. He made her button swell and drank her musky essence. He didn't stop until her muscular thighs clamped on his head, her body spasmed, and she screamed.
"Oh. Oh. Ohhh!"
He escaped from her thighs and spooned her. He casually played with her large breasts and large nipples until she recovered.
"Thanks," she said. "That was nice."
She reached back, grabbed his erection, and put it in her vagina.
"Mmmm. Nice," she moaned as she rocked into him.
"Oh!" he exclaimed. He sounded surprised, and flipped his hips, driving his cock into her.
"What? Did you think I'd limit our encounter to oral sex?"
He drove his dick into her again and said, "I'm such a dope. I thought since your breasts and butt are big that your pussy would be too."
"Are you sure you're going to college in September?" She chuckled and said, "My insides - heart, kidneys, and vagina - are the same size as any woman."
She rocked back into him, claiming all of his cock, moaned, "Ohhh." and asked, "Did your petite girlfriends have petite pussies?"
"No."
"Could they do this?" she asked. She tightened her pelvic muscles and gripped his cock.
"Wow! How'd you do that?"
"I'm an athletic girl. I work all my muscles. If you play your cards right, you might get to enjoy all my magical abilities."
She pulled off him and said, "Lie on your back."
She mounted him, facing his feet. She shoved his cock into her and fucked him reverse cowgirl. She laughed and said, "Have you ever seen anything as amazing as my ass?"
"No!"
He marveled at her giant ass. The skin around her anus was dark. Darker hair covered her sex and thighs. He watched in awe as her pussy swallowed his dick.
She laughed and fucked him. She diddled her clit because experience had taught her that guys don't last long when she rode them like this.
"Oh. Sorry," Dave groaned as he came.
"Oh. Oh. Ohhh!" she moaned as she franticly rubbed her button and got herself off.
"Sorry, I didn't last longer," Dave said. "I was so turned on by your body that I got overly excited."
She giggled and asked, "Really?"
"Yeah. You are one sexy woman!"
They rested, dressed, and returned to camp. Other hikers were there, sitting by the fire, talking to Cora and Brenda.
Cora saw them and teased, "Brother, you were gone for a long time. What were you doing? Counting the stars?"
Dave and Darlene blushed. Cora laughed.
"Dave, come here and meet Bob and Casper. They live on the Northside of our hometown. What a coincidence! They've been entertaining us with stories," his mother said.
Dave and Darlene came over, introduced themselves, and shook hands with the newcomers. Bob was a friendly, engaging guy about Brenda's age. He had gray hair, a strong chin, and the thin, wiry build of a hiker.
Casper was twenty. The handsome man had blond hair and blue eyes, a gift from his Swedish parents. He was tall, well-built, and friendly.
Bob told stories of previous hiking adventures. He said, "This is the first time I've been hiking in two years. After my wife died, I became a recluse."
"I'm so sorry to hear that your spouse passed," Brenda said.
"Our father died from cancer," Cora said. "This hike is in tribute to him and to get us out of the funk we're in."
"I had the same thought," Bob said. "I thought exercise, the beautiful scenery, and the companionship of fellow hikers would lift my spirits."
"Has it worked?" Brenda asked.
"Yes. It has."
Brenda invited Bob and Casper to share the meal she was cooking. They accepted. As they ate, Brenda and Bob talked, Dave and Darlene focused on each other, and Cora smiled and flirted with Casper. He flirted back.
After dinner, the newcomers went to set up their tents. Cora and Brenda cleaned up and went into the wilderness to piss. They found a secluded spot, turned off their headlamps, pulled their pants and panties down, and peed.
While they waited to drip dry, they heard footsteps. Being in a vulnerable position, they stayed quiet, hoping to go unnoticed by whoever was in the vicinity.
Luck was not on their side. Bob's lamp illuminated them.
"Oh! Sorry," he said, and he quickly turned his head and turned off his light.
The women stood and pulled up their clothes. Cora giggled and said, "Have a nice wee. We did!"
When he returned to camp, Bob sought out Brenda and said, "I'm sorry about...you know. I didn't follow you hoping to catch you..."
She interrupted him and finished his sentence, "Catch me with my pants down." She laughed and said, "We were there because it's a good spot. It's secluded, but nearby. I'm sure that's what drew you there. It's okay. I leave my razor and my modesty at home when I'm on the trail. Hiking is not for shy people."
"Thank you for understanding."
^^^
Bob and Casper joined the group.
The six-person crew became three sets of pairs: Bob and Brenda, Casper and Cora, and Darlene and Dave. The couples spent most of the day hiking with each other.
That night, after they set up camp and had dinner, Brenda stood and said, "Casper and Bob, we are glad to have you in our group. As you know, keeping clean is a challenge while hiking and necessary for your health and sanity."
The men nodded.
"Our routine is after dinner, we strip and have a sponge bath. While we drip dry, we wash our clothes, string a line, and hang the wet clothes. Sometimes, we lay out and enjoy the feel of the warm sun on our nude bodies before changing into our clean sleeping clothes."
"And we pray our hiking clothes are dry by morning," Darlene added. She got the expected laughs.
"That's our routine too," Bob said.
Cora said, "Last night, I washed in my tent. It was a pain in the ass, and hot and stuffy."
Brenda said. "We are going to do our routine out in the open. We invite you to do your thing. You may see our boobs and butts, and we're okay with it. We've gotten to know you, and we trust you'll behave like gentlemen."
"If anyone wants to flash me," Cora said. "I'm okay with that." She laughed, and the others did too.
Brenda said, "Dave says there are some large boulders off to the East perfect for bathing and doing laundry. You're welcome to join us."
Everyone gathered the things they needed to bathe and do laundry and headed East. The women and Dave set up shop on two flat boulders. Dave and Casper choose one ten feet away.
They stripped and washed out in the open. Body parts were on display. People looked but didn't stare.
The men saw fit, furry women. Cora's breasts and bum were the smallest. Darlene's were the largest, and Brenda had the biggest bush and wonderful, sagging breasts.
Bob was thin and wiry, and his soft cock was short and thick. Dave was a regular guy with an ordinary build and penis. Casper was a specimen. He was tall and well-built. His pubes were blond like the hair on his head, and his dick was uncut.
The men and women stayed naked as they did the laundry. The men stole glances as the women washed their clothes. Their breasts jiggled and bounced as they wrung out the clothes and beat them against the rock.
The women peeked at the packages between the newcomers' legs as the men shook and twisted their clothes, driving the water out of them.
Everyone changed into dry, clean underwear when they returned to camp and hung the wet laundry.
Cora said, "Casper, will you join me for a walk?"
"Sure."
Dave took Darlene's hands and said, "How about some sightseeing?"
She giggled and nodded.
The couples went off in different directions, found a secluded spot, and kissed. One kiss became two. Their ardor increased as they French kissed and caressed each other's bodies.
The young men squeezed and groped bra-clad breasts.
"Let me help you," their willing partners said as the young women removed their sports bras.
The men smiled, caressed, and kissed their tender flesh.
"Mmm," the women cooed as their nipples were sucked.
The couples sank to the ground. The men grabbed asses and rubbed the front of the women's trousers, eliciting more moans.
"I want to suck your dick," the women said as they stared deeply into the eyes of their men.
Everyone stripped. Darlene and Cora sucked hard cocks and smiled as the men moaned, groaned, squirmed, and complimented them.
The men pulled away and said, "That was great. Now, it's your turn to whimper." They guided their women onto their backs, dove between their thighs, and feasted on the honey pot behind the fur.
"Oh!" the women cried.
"Mmm," the men murmured.
The guys supplemented their tongue action with fingers. There were fingers in vaginas, fingers diddling clits, and fingers pressing against tight anuses.
"Don't you dare," the women said as their crinkled assholes were touched.
The men laughed and speared their sphincters, using the women's vaginal fluid as the lubricant to penetrate the no-go zones. They sucked clits as they gently reamed their asses.
"Ah. Ohhh!" the women hollered and orgasmed.
The men withdrew the invasive digit and spooned their partners. After a rest, the women gave their guy a hard look and chastised them for the anal probe.
"You bastard!" they said. There was no venom in their curse.
The women climbed on top, shoved hard cocks into their wet pussies, and rode their guys. The men smiled and played with great titties while thrusting into warm, smug holes.
"Oh. Oh! OH!" the women yelled as they came.
Their tight pussies pulsated and gripped erect penises. The men grunted and gushed, spilling their seed.
Bliss found everyone.
^^^
While this was happening, Bob and Brenda sat by the campfire. They talked, looked at the stars, and enjoyed each other's company.
"Can I kiss you?" Bob asked.
"I'd like that," Brenda said with a smile.
The old folks kissed. They kept kissing and pulled each other closer. Bob's hand found Brenda's breasts. The kissing continued. His hand went under her bra and squeezed her soft flesh.
"Mmm," they moaned.
"I want you," Bob said.
"I want you too," Brenda said. She chuckled and added, "I'd take you to a seclude spot and jump your bones, but I'm afraid we'd trip over one of my kids having sex."
"My tent?" Bob suggested.
"Yes."
They stripped and entered the tent. Brenda lay naked on his sleeping bag. Bob got beside her and kissed her as his hands explored her body. He felt her soft form, ignored the hair, her paunch, and other saggy flesh.
He was enthusiastic and complimentary as he enjoyed her big breasts, full ass, and the abundant flow from her sex. His wife had been deficient in these three areas.
Brenda grabbed his dick and grunted, "Huh?" It was short and very, very thick.
"Is it different from what you expected?" he asked and laughed gently.
"You're very thick."
"I've got a dick like a doorknob. Short and thick." He chuckled and said, "I'll be gentle. Margery, my wife, said the pleasure was worth the wait. I hope you agree."
"I've never had one this thick. I guess I'll find out."
Bob got between her legs. He ate her pussy and stretched her vagina. He took his time, making sure that she was well lubricated before he put his fingers inside her. One went in easily. Two fingers touched her sides. Three, made her feel full. He shoved four inside her, making her feel very stretched and very full.
As she lay on her back, he knelt between her legs. He rested her spread legs on his thighs and said, "This modified missionary position worked well for my wife and me. Let me know what you think. It opens you and allows me to get in deeper. If I do this right, I'll give you a nice stretch and rub your G-spot."
He placed the head of his thick penis against her vagina and pressed forward.
"Ohhh!" You're big!"
"Is it too much! Am I going too fast?"
"No. I've never been stretched this much before." She chuckled and added, "Not counting childbirth."
He pressed on, feeding her his cock a fraction of an inch at a time. He monitored her responses.
"Oh!" was a go sign.
Cries of "Owe" and "Ouch" caused him to stop.
He slowly shoved his penis inside her and said, "That's all of me."
"Oh, God! I do feel like I'm having sex with a doorknob!"
"We can stop," he offered.
"No. Don't pull out. It's different. It doesn't hurt. Your girth is amazing. I've never felt so full."
Bob began stroking in and out of her.
She babbled: "OMG" "So full!" "You're rubbing my G-spot." "Ohhhh!"
He increased the length of his stroke to three inches. Any longer and he was likely to fall out, and no woman he'd been with enjoyed his thick cock pressing against her anus.
"Ohhh. "Don't stop. Don't stop!" Brenda hollered.
Bob smiled and did his thing, slowly spreading her labia and rubbing the walls of her vagina.
"Ohhh! Ohhh!" she yelled as she orgasmed.
Bob quickened his pace and groaned, "Ohhhh". He filled her pussy with cum and then lay down beside her.
Brenda gasped, smiled, and rested her head on his chest. Pleasure zoomed through their bodies. She chuckled and said, "Who needs length when you have width!"
The kids and their partners came back to camp. When Cora didn't see her mother, she yelled, "Mom?"
"I'm in Bob's tent," Brenda said.
"Okay. I just wanted to know where you're are. I'm going to bed. I'll see you in the morning.
^^^
The next morning, Cora and Darlene sat with Brenda as the men took the tents down. Cora looked giddy as she said, "Mom, what's he like?"
"What are you talking about?" Brenda asked.
"Bob. You had sex with Bob last night," her daughter said.
"It was good," Brenda said and blushed. She recalled her night of passion, smiled brightly, and said, "No. It was great!"
"Do you think you'll have sex with him again?" Darlene asked.
"Yes. We aren't part of the hookup generation. The sex meant something. We have potential."
"What's his dick like?" Cora asked.
"What?" Brenda was flabbergasted.
"Come on, share," Cora said. "Casper's cock is like the rest of him. Pretty. Thick. And long. I love it. I've seen Bob naked. His soft dick was short and kind of thick. Is he a grower?"
"You're not going to let this go, are you?"
Cora giggled and said, "I'll give him a blowjob if that's what it takes to find out."
Brenda frowned and said, "His dick is short, about four inches long when erect. It gets very hard and very thick. He says he has a dick like a doorknob, and, oh my God, did it stretch me. It gets the job done. Big time!"
They all giggled.
^^^
For the rest of the hike, every night after dinner, the couples bathed, did laundry and went their separate ways to have sex. Very satisfying sex.
^^^
"WE DID IT!" Brenda shouted.
The others hooted and hollered as they jumped up and down and hugged each other. They had completed the thru-hike.
The couples had made strong connections during the hike, and they decided to continue their relationships in civilian life.
As promised, Brenda and Cora went to the spa when they returned home. Darlene joined them. As they undressed, Cora said, "Before we go through those doors into the spa, I insisted we take pictures."
"Oh, no," Brenda said.
"Oh, Yes!" Cora said. "These will be the ultimate before and after pics. Three dirty, sweaty, hairy girls just off a 1080 mile, three-month hike versus three washed, primped, and coiffed goddesses."
"I like the idea," Darlene said.
The younger women stared at the older woman. She relented and said, "Okay, but these better not get on the internet."
Cora pulled out her phone and posed the naked women. Their bodies were streaked with dirt. Some had accumulated in the folds of their skin on their knees, elbows, and stomachs.
She captured their hairiness. Darlene's leg hair was as dark and long as any man's. Her bush was a mass of thick, curly hair. She had dense hair under her arms.
Brenda's bush was unbelievable. A happy trail led down from her belly button and got lost in a large triangle of hair on her abdomen. Her pubic hair was at least two inches long. It covered her belly, inner upper thighs, went into her butt crack, and around her anus.
"Give me the phone," Brenda said. "Your pictures go in here too, and I want copies!"
Cora didn't object. She pretended to be a fashion model and posed for her mother who made sure that her hairiness was recorded. Cora shamelessly posed, and even spreading her butt cheeks and legs and lifted both arms, making sure that a comprehensive record was made of her leg, underarm, and pubic hair.
The women reviewed the pictures, laughed, and walked out of the changing room.
After a thorough scrubbing in the shower, they got the works: massages, facials, new hairstyles, manicures, and pedicures. Every part of their body that could be waxed, was waxed. They were hairless from their shaped and threaded brows to their toes.
Cora stood nude before a full-length mirror along with her voluptuous mother, and very voluptuous friend, Darlene, and said, "Look at us! We are some hot bitches. Look at our flat stomachs, firm butts, and shapely, muscular legs."
Brenda shook her head and said, "It's jarring to see myself without hair between my legs."
Cora smiled at her mother and said, "Bob, will love the new you. You'll get so much oral sex that you'll keep it bare forever!"
Brenda's face turned red. She said, "Let's get dressed. We have to get ready for our dinner date."
As they went to their lockers, Darlene said, "We look so good. How are we going to keep our men away for twenty-four hours as the spa recommends?"
"Why would we want to? Wasn't the point of this to be irresistible?" Brenda asked.
"I'm getting laid," Cora said. "I know the spa recommends postponing sex for twenty-four hours because our pussies are sensitive, and friction and sweat can cause irritation, but when our guys see us, they will not take no for an answer."
^^^
While the women had a spa day, the men went to Bob's house and spruced up. They shaved and showered and put on clean, pressed clothes for the first time in months, and they went out to a barbershop to get haircuts.
^^^
Bob made the arrangements for dinner and had insisted on paying for everything. The three couples had dinner at a fancy restaurant. They had a great gourmet meal and drank two bottles of champagne and three bottles of fine wine.
They returned to Bob's house, sat around his pool, talked, danced, and drank as they partied and reminisced about their hike.
"My head is spinning," Brenda said.
"We're all feeling the effects of alcohol," Bob said. "We went three months with barely a drop."
"Wearing clothes feels funny," Dave said.
"Yes," Darlene said. "It worst for us girls. We're in bras and pantyhose."
"Let's take 'em off!" Cora suggested.
She didn't wait for the others to agree. She undressed on the spot.
The other women followed her lead. The men too. Soon they were all naked, shouting, and jumping in the pool.
"I'm so happy!" Brenda said to Bob as she hugged him.
"Me too," he said.
The others echoed their words shouting, "I'm happy!" "I'm naked and free!" "Yippee!"
Brenda kissed Bob and asked, "When are we going on our next hike?"
"Soon."
"Do you still like me now that I hairless?" She brought his hand to her waxed vagina.
"I love you with hair and without hair." He rubbed her pussy and slid a finger inside her. "I love you, and I'm going to take you now. Shall we do it here or in the bedroom?"
"Sex in a bed? What a concept! Let's go inside."
They walked past the others. Cora looked at Bob's erection, put her hand over her mouth, and gasped, "That's a thick dick!"
Bob and Brenda smiled and kept walking.
The End