This story is the third in a series. While it is hoped that this story can enjoyably be read alone, reading the previous stories will provide context and background. This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities to any real person or entity are entirely coincidental and unintended.
*****
Drew's mother was hospitalized again just before graduation, so her family stayed in Toledo. Despite the fact that the Inn was quite busy for graduation weekend, Cassie, Caitlyn, and I went to graduation as Drew's guests. We also cheered on our long-time employee Anne, who was also receiving her degree. Following the ceremony, we took Drew to a late lunch at the best restaurant in town (the Inn and its restaurant were outside of town). After lunch, we dropped Drew at her sorority house where post-graduation party was already underway.
The next day, Caitlyn used her car to help Drew move her things from the sorority house to the room she'd be living in at the Inn. After that, Caitlyn drove Drew to see her family in Toledo. While Drew stayed there a few days, Caitlyn was going to visit friends in East Lansing. The two of them would be back the following weekend.
While Caitlyn and Drew were gone, it was a bit like it had been when we started running Brookhaven Inn: just Cassie and me. With the start of summer, we were into our busy season and, being short-handed, Cassie and I were running. We still found some time to talk.
Wednesday was traditionally our slowest night of the week and that Wednesday we were only about 40% occupied. Cassie and I thought that we could risk a couple of glasses of wine after dinner. We were sitting on the manager's suite's small porch.
"Harry, what do you think of Drew?" Cassie asked.
"Hum. Intelligent person. Very personable. Physically very beautiful young woman. Seems to have overcome some tough breaks. Why?" I responded.
"Just thinking," Cassie replied. "You know," she went on, "if you had told me before I moved back here that I'd be living with a man and another woman, I would probably have gotten angry at you." Cassie paused to sip her wine. "It certainly isn't a traditional relationship," she chuckled.
"Are you happy with it?" I asked.
Cassie looked into my eyes. I had a momentary fear that I was about to receive one of those "life-changing" revelations. Instead, Cassie smiled. "Yeah. I'm very happy with it. You?"
"Well, as you said, we don't live in a traditional relationship, but it works. I wouldn't trade you or Caitlyn for anything," I said.
"Not for anything? How about ten million dollars and your own private island with Drew?" Cassie teased.
"Only if you and Caitlyn were there too," I answered.
"Good answer Harry," Cassie said. "In a sense, we have our own private island here at Brookhaven. Do you think that Drew would want to join us on it?"
"Do you want her to?" I asked.
"Well," Cassie said, "That would really be a departure, wouldn't it? Three women and one man. Could you keep us all happy?"
"My bigger concern is where I would find closet space," I joked.
Cassie was silent for a couple of minutes. Then, she softly said, "Yeah. I'd like to have Drew on our island. Am I kinky?"
"No," I said. "You're wonderful."
Caitlyn and Drew were back the following Friday. Caitlyn made a point of telling Cassie and me that she and Drew had a long conversation on the drives to and from Toledo. What Caitlyn didn't tell us was what the two women talked about.
Drew started graduate school in the fall, but was not taking any classes that summer, so we had her full-time. That was convenient because Caitlyn, our marketing whiz, had, on short notice, booked a first for Brookhaven Inn: a nude wedding. My understanding was that the couple had originally booked another resort for their wedding, but that resort was forced to cancel when a malfunction in its fire suppression system caused a number of guest rooms to suffer severe water damage. Contacted through our website, Caitlyn had promised that we could host the wedding in just a few weeks' time. Mercifully, the wedding party was not that large and the wedding wasn't on a holiday weekend.
The bride and groom were a bit older. It was a second marriage for both. A consequence of this fact was that Caitlyn and Drew found themselves in a role outside of customary innkeeper duties.
The bride had two daughters by her prior marriage. The girls were 23 and 19. Mom wanted them as her maids of honor, but she and her husband to be had agreed that the entire wedding party would go nude. The daughters had reluctantly agreed, neither having gone nude publicly to date. Arriving at the site and hit by the realization that they were expected to be fully naked in front of their mother's new husband and many others in a situation in which everyone would be looking at them, the two girls were threatening to back out.
The prospect of having the wedding, if not derailed, at least much less than she had envisioned caused the bride to appeal to us to have someone talk to her daughters about social nudity. Being reasonably close in age to the girls, Caitlyn and Drew were the logical choice. I was not privy to that counseling session, of course.
The plan was to hold the wedding ceremony on our back lawn if the weather cooperated, which it did. We had put up around 30 folding chairs, with a supply of towels, and erected a trellis laced with flowers. Having never seen a nude wedding, Cassie, Caitlyn, Drew, and I were there, standing off to one side.
I leaned over to Caitlyn. "Are the daughters going to do it?" I asked.
"Drew gave them a nice little talk about her experience. They said that they'd go through with it, but we'll have to see," Caitlyn replied.
A small local band which we had found had been playing as the guests settled into their seats. The band was clothed. To a person, the guests were nude. The band stopped in mid-song and began the wedding march. Out of the main building came two tall, extremely fit, blond-haired young men; nude of course.
"Wow," Cassie said.
Drew giggled. "Those are the groom's sons," she said.
A smaller, older, very average looking naked man walked out. He was the groom.
"The sons must take after their mother," Caitlyn said cattily. Drew giggled again.
There was a pause. Everyone was looking towards the door in the main building. Finally, a very lovely young lady hesitantly stepped through the doorway. She wore only a small flowered wreath on her head, and carried a bouquet. A younger, but equally lovely girl tentatively followed her, similarly undressed. Both girls were looking rigidly straight ahead. Both were blushing.
"Those are the daughters," Drew said.
"They should be proud to go nude," Cassie commented. "They're both very beautiful, aren't they Harry?"
"Eclipsed only by the three beauties standing with me," I said. Drew playfully punched my arm. Caitlyn pinched my ass.
The bridesmaids were followed by their nude mother. Mom had likely been very lovely in her youth, and was very handsome for her age. She was beaming.
As the clothed clergywoman stepped forward to perform the ceremony, Cassie said, "We need to make sure that everything is set up for the reception," and led us back into the Inn.
The reception was in our meeting room. The food tables were already set up. Caitlyn and I would be bartending in the buff again. Once the ceremony was over, the band moved inside to set up while the wedding party had pictures taken on the lawn.
As the guests began filtering in, Caitlyn said to me, "Want to bet on whether the daughters get dressed for the reception?"
"Which side are you taking?" I asked.
"Dressed," Caitlyn said.
"OK. What are we betting?" I asked
"I blow you if they're undressed. You eat me if they're dressed," Caitlyn replied.
"You're on," I said. I love no-lose bets.
In the event, the two girls came into the reception wearing translucent robes. They were very obviously nude underneath. They were escorted by the still nude Adonis groomsmen.
Caitlyn looked at me. In unison, we said "69!" We both laughed.
The wedding party went through the food line first, of course. We didn't have space for sit down tables and dancing. The compromise was a group of high top tables in one corner of the room where people could eat standing up. In between serving drinks, I saw that the two daughters were eating with the two nude Adonises. Were they now siblings-in-law? I couldn't remember.
As people finished their food, our staff had to move a few of the tables out to really provide an adequate dance floor. The band started playing. I noticed the older daughter in conversation with her Adonis. I saw her shaking her head no. Her sister and the other Adonis joined the conversation. The man with the younger daughter said something that made everyone laugh and then both girls made shoulder-shrug gestures. The girls hesitantly undid the belts on their robes. Like good gentlemen, the two Adonises helped the girls out of their robes. Nude, all four went onto the dance floor.
I was, voyeuristically I suppose, interested in following the interaction between the bride's daughters and the groom's sons. However, the reception guests were putting away a decent amount of alcohol (a good thing for our profits) and I was pretty busy.
When the band took its first break, the older daughter came to the bar and asked for four drinks. She really was attractive.
As I was making the drinks, Caitlyn asked the girl, "How is it going?"
The girl smiled at Caitlyn. "I know this sounds perverted, but it really is fun dancing with no clothes on."
Caitlyn replied, "You've got an impressive pair of escorts."
The girl's smile broadened. "Yeah," she said, "I hope that the band does a slow dance soon." The girl giggled and walked away with the drinks. The band did a couple of slow numbers early in their second set. I saw the older daughter dancing embraced by her Adonis. He had one hand firmly on her gorgeous bare ass. She was enjoying dancing nude.
Of course, we never found out whether the bride's daughters got it on that night with the sons of their mother's new husband, but I'd not bet against it. Drew did tell us that both girls came to her while she was on the front desk the next day and thanked her profusely for talking them into doing the wedding in the nude.
The room we let Drew live in was a guest room without any cooking facilities, so Drew usually ate dinner with the three of us. Like everything else we did at the Inn, we ate dinner nude. As Drew related the story to us over dinner that night, she giggled. "The younger daughter, Becky I think, said to me, 'I didn't believe you, but it is exciting to have people looking at my bare pussy.'"
Caitlyn teased. "Drew, you like having people look at your bare pussy?"
Drew scooted her chair back from the table, spread her legs apart and up off of the floor, and grabbed her calves; giving the three of us an unobstructed view. "You think?" she asked. We all chuckled.
The wedding was a good money-maker for us, and we still had July 4 weekend to go. Hiring Drew had also proved to be a good decision. She evidently enjoyed going nude and worked her beautiful ass, well, not off thankfully, but damned hard.
Drew proved to be a trooper. On July 4 Saturday, we got a call for a backed up sink in one of the rooms. I took Drew along to show her how to handle what I expected to be a simple repair. Somehow, someone had bent the drain pipe and broken the hardware that links the lever to the drain stopper. Not only did Drew have to pull replacement parts from the stock we kept, she had to squeeze into the vanity with me to provide a pair of hands to hold things while I connected them. That experience left us hot, sweaty, and naked without having sex.
Interestingly, for all of the time we spent together naked and my perception that we were becoming good friends; I hadn't had sex with Drew since the morning after her sorority dinner at the Inn several months ago. As far as I knew, neither had Cassie or Caitlyn. Of course, I'd l have loved to have sex with her, but I was not going to be at all pushy. If she instigated something, that would be great. Otherwise, we'd stay friends. Sleeping most nights with two extraordinary women, it wasn't like I was desperate.
We had a very good summer. Cassie's original deal with SEOCOV, our California investors, its interest in the LLC that owned transferred to Cassie once SEOCOV recouped 150% of their investment. We were fast approaching that point. Under my agreement with Cassie, I was supposed to get 50% of the SEOCOV interest. Unknown to Caitlyn, Cassie and I had agreed that, when SEOCOV was out, we would restructure and give Caitlyn an ownership interest. Our thinking was that it would encourage Caitlyn to stay long-term, which we both wanted. Caitlyn had not said or done anything suggesting any interest in leaving us, but we didn't think it would hurt to bind her to us as closely as possible. Equally important, she deserved to be an owner.
Drew kept working hard at the Inn even after grad school had started for her. Cassie, Caitlyn, and I encouraged her to maintain a social life around the university, but, it seemed like she spent most of her non-school time at the Inn.
I knew that Drew's little sister Denise had started as a freshman at the university. From what Drew had said when we hired her, I'd expected to see Denise visit her at the Inn at some point. When we hadn't met Denise by Halloween, I casually mentioned it to Drew.
"Well, you know that freshmen aren't allowed to have cars so it is really hard for Deni to get out here. It is way too far to walk," Drew explained. "We've gotten together several times in town."
I wondered whether Drew was discouraging her sister from visiting. Maybe Denise wasn't going to be as cool with Drew working naked as Drew had told us.
It was another slow Wednesday night, a week before Thanksgiving. Drew was working the front desk. I was sitting out there trying to fix a small bug in the machine that coded our room keycards and chatting with Drew.
A car pulled up at our front door. A woman got out. The car pulled away. As the woman walked through our front door, I heard Drew mutter "shit!"
As is annoyingly common among college age girls, the young woman shouted out "Drew!"
Drew responded, "Hello Deni."
Our front desk was not quite chest high. I took Denise a moment to register that she was looking at her sister's bare breasts. "Drew, why don't you have a top on?" Denise asked.
Without giving her sister a chance to answer, Denise went around to the side of our front desk where the partition was lower and she could see behind the desk. "Shit, you're stark naked! So's he! What the fuck is this?" Denise yelled. Fortunately, no one else was around.
Drew now seemed a little annoyed with her sister. "This is where I work. It is a clothing optional inn. That means that people can go naked or not as they choose. I choose to be naked. He is Harry Stone. He's one of my bosses and he's a very good man."
Denise's yelling had brought Cassie and Caitlyn, both nude, out from the office. With four nude people in front of her, including her older sister, Denise seemed dumbstruck.
Drew made more introductions. "These are Cassie Moore and Caitlyn Ross, my other bosses and my friends. Harry and Cassie own Brookhaven Inn."
"So, you're naked all the time you work here?" Denise asked.
"Well, I live here too," Drew answered. "So, I'm naked most of the time now."
"And anyone who's here sees, uh, sees . . . .? Denise tried to ask.
"Anyone who is here when I am sees my entire naked body," Drew said, smiling now. "It's pretty neat."
"You mean that you like people seeing you naked?" Denise asked incredulously.
"I do," Drew answered.
"Shit," Denise said. "I had someone drop me off here. I thought that I could spend the night with you and we could talk. I don't have class tomorrow."
Drew said to Denise, "You can stay if you want to. I'll be off in an hour."
Denise quickly said, "I'm not taking my clothes off."
"You don't have to," Drew responded.
I said, "Drew, go ahead and be with your sister. We're slow tonight. If anything happens at the desk, I'll cover it."
"Thanks," Drew said. She led her still shocked younger sister through the door into the hall that led past the manager's suite to Drew's room next door.
Once she thought that Drew and Denise were out of hearing, Cassie laughed. "So, Drew didn't tell her sister that she works nude."
Caitlyn and Cassie went back into the office. I continued to futz with the card programmer. A little over an hour later, I seemed to have the machine working correctly, for the moment. I went through the now empty office to the manager's suite that Cassie, Caitlyn, and I shared.
The three of us were having a glass of wine, talking of nothing in particular, when Drew knocked on our door and then stuck her head in (there was nothing we could be doing that Drew hadn't seen us do already).
"Denise and I are going out to the spa. You guys want to come?" Drew asked. We enclosed the pool and spa area in winter, along with a walkway from the main building, so that they could be used year round.
Caitlyn answered for us. "Sure."
Cassie added a word of caution. "Drew, you know that nudity is mandatory in the pool/spa area. We can't make an exception for family."
Drew smiled. "I know and Deni knows. I told her that she can't criticize how I dress at work unless she tries it herself. She'll be ok. I should have told her before, but, well, why raise that issue before I had to?"
Cassie told Drew, "You guys go ahead. We'll be out in a few minutes." Cassie obviously wanted to give Denise time to conceal herself in the water if she wanted to.
When Caitlyn, Cassie, and I walked into the pool/spa area a few minutes later, Drew and Denise were already in the spa. Drew was sitting up so that her smallish breasts were just above the water. Denise was crunched down so that the water reached her neck. The three of us were, of course, nude with towels over our shoulders. Denise watched us intently as we got into the spa and sat on the opposite side from Drew and Denise.
Denise was obviously Drew's sister. She had the same blonde hair, the same magnetic blue eyes, the same wide mouth and lush lips, and the same pert nose. After some brief chit-chat, Denise asked us, "So, how did you guys get into running a nudist resort, especially here?"
Cassie told the story, which I related in detail in an earlier chapter, of how her parents had owned the Inn, how the Inn's business had suffered severely when the state opened a new lodge in the adjoining park, and how Cassie had decided that the Inn need a different market niche when she inherited it from her parents.
"Clothing-optional is a significant segment of the leisure market that wasn't being served here," Cassie explained, "and it definitely differentiated Brookhaven Inn from the state's lodge so that we weren't competing head-to-head any more. I had never been a nudist, but I thought that I had to go nude so that I could understand our guests and build credibility with them. Once I tried it, I fell in love with not wearing clothes. It is more comfortable most of the time. You feel the breeze on your skin and other sensations that you never feel encased in cloth. Sure, people look at my bare tits, ass, and pussy, but that can be kind of sexy. It sure builds my self-confidence when I see that someone likes my nude body."
Caitlyn explained, "I came to it a little differently. I had wanted to show off my body for years, but I was really afraid of what might happen. I could be arrested or assaulted. So, I held back. When I learned about Brookhaven, I thought that it might give me a safe environment to indulge those desires for a while. What I hadn't really expected was that it would be such a great place or that Cassie and Harry would be such great people. And, it has been a great professional opportunity for me. Cassie and Harry have given me responsibility which I'd never have gotten at my age if I'd gone with one of the huge hotel chains."
Cassie laughed, "That's only because you're the only person here with any training. Harry's a lawyer and I was in finance."
Drew told the story of her sorority dinner/dance at the Inn less than a year ago. "I kept my clothes on the night of the dinner. But I saw that most of my sisters and their dates got naked. My sisters weren't sluts and weren't acting like sluts. It looked like people were having more fun with their clothes off. I thought about it over night and realized that I was still letting Jerod run my life even though I'd left him. I also realized that, if I didn't do it that weekend, I'd probably never get the chance to try going nude around other people. I got up real early the next day, thinking that I'd try it first at the pool before anyone else was up. I ran into Harry at the pool. He seemed so comfortable naked, and he looked pretty good. Harry was watching as I took my suit off," Drew grinned at me, "and that felt really good. Anyway, they offered me the job and a place to stay. I took it because I had to be out of the sorority house after graduation and I sure didn't want to go home."
I guess the three of us visibly reacted to Drew's last statement. Denise started to say something, but stopped and looked at Drew as if asking for permission. Drew nodded her head.
"I assume that Drew has told you about Dad losing his job and Mom getting sick," Denise said. "It has been really hard on Dad. The jobs he's qualified for just aren't there anymore, so he scrambles for whatever work he can find. He thinks that he has to keep trying to make what money he can and can't afford to take time off to get new training. With Mom being in bed or in the hospital most of the time, he's also basically lost his best friend. When Dad does get a little down time, he drinks. A lot. He can be pretty unpleasant then. All his frustration just boils to the surface. I spent a lot of my senior year of high school living with my aunt, Mom's sister, across town. She'd drive me every morning so I could stay in the same school."
Drew had experienced a lot of bad things in her relatively short life. I was more impressed at how she stayed upbeat and positive.
Finally, Drew said, "We need to get out. I'm turning into a prune."
Caitlyn said, "Yeah. We need to go in too. Tomorrow's a work day."
"Every day is a work day here," Cassie added.
Caitlyn, Cassie, and I got out of the spa and started to towel off. Drew popped out of the spa too, but Denise hesitated. She quickly realized that there was no way for her to get out without us seeing her bare body. Resigned, Denise climbed out of the spa.
Denise was, like her sister, a very beautiful girl. However, there were differences. Denise was a little shorter than Drew. Her shoulders and hips were a little wider. Denise's breasts, ass, and thighs were a little fuller than Drew's. Both girls were natural blondes though.
Denise toweled off and started to put her swimsuit back on. She stopped just as she was putting a leg into her suit. She looked at us a bit sheepishly, then smiled, and threw her suit over her shoulder.
I reached the entrance to the enclosed walkway between the pool and our main building first. I stood aside to let the women go ahead.
As Drew and Denise walked past me, Drew said, teasingly, "Harry's not really a gentleman. He just likes looking at our bare asses."
What could I say? She was right.
Drew continued her teasing. "It is ok though. We all look at Harry, although I prefer his front view." That was the most forward thing Drew had said.
We walked back to the manager's suite. In the hall, I watched Drew's and Denise's lovely bare bodies disappear into Drew's room next door.
I was covering the front desk the next morning when Drew and Denise walked up, clothed.
"Harry, may I borrow your car to drive Denise back to her dorm?" Drew asked. I said "sure" and went into the office to get my keys.
When I brought my keys out and handed them to Drew, Denise said, "Mr. Stone, it was a pleasure to meet you."
"Denise," I said, "you're Drew's sister. You can call me Harry. Thank you. It was a pleasure to meet you."
Drew interjected. To Denise, she said, "What he means is that he enjoyed looking at you nude last night." To me, Drew said, "What she means is that she's enjoying looking at you nude right now."
Denise and I looked at each other. We both smiled. Pretty much in unison, we said, "She's right."
As Drew and Denise were opening the front door, I called to Drew, "Bring her to Thanksgiving Dinner next week."
Drew looked at Denise, who vigorously shook her head yes. Drew, called back, "Absolutely!"
We had established a Thanksgiving Dinner tradition at Brookhaven Inn. Most of our staff were either university students or people who had come to the university and stayed in the area. From the beginning, Cassie and I had decided to provide Thanksgiving Dinner free for anyone who worked at Brookhaven and was around over the holiday. Usually, we didn't have many, if any, guests on Thanksgiving. However, the university's football team was having another good year and they had a home game that Friday night that would decide whether they went to their conference championship. We were pretty well booked for Friday and Saturday, but had also sold about 20 rooms for Thanksgiving. Our guests got Thanksgiving Dinner at cost.
Drew had helped set up the Thanksgiving buffet in the restaurant earlier and then took my car to pick up Denise. They got back just as we started serving. Drew, Denise, Caitlyn, Cassie, and I sat down together at a table. Denise was very noticeably looking around.
"Is something wrong?" Cassie asked Denise.
"I, uh," Denise stumbled.
"She's just surprised that everyone's dressed," Drew answered for her sister.
Cassie smiled. She asked Denise, "Are you staying here tonight?" Denise nodded. Cassie explained, "Well, if you go to the pool later, you can see most of these people again naked."
I think that Drew and Denise did go to the pool, but I'm not sure. After dinner, Caitlyn went to cover the desk. Cassie and I helped Barb, our chief, clean up. We wanted to give as many of the staff as possible the day off. Once the clean up was done, Cassie and I went back to the suite. Cassie burned off some of her dinner riding my dick.
Tragedy hit Drew and Denise just before Christmas. Their mother succumbed to the disease which she had fought for several years. The aunt drove over to take the girls back to Toledo for the funeral and, I expect, a very subdued Christmas. Cassie and I drove Caitlyn to Columbus airport on December 23 so that she could fly home for Christmas with her family.
Neither Cassie nor I had any living family. No one had booked a room at the Inn for Christmas and we let the staff off. Cassie and I gave each other ourselves as Christmas presents. We fucked, among other places, under the tree which we had put up in the lobby.
Drew and Caitlyn were back for New Year's Eve. For the last couple of years, a non-landed nudist club from Cleveland had booked the entire Inn for their New Year's Eve party. The club members were all very pleasant people. We had set up a self-service bar in a roped off corner of the pool/spa area with plastic cups. About an hour before the New Year, Drew and I went out there to check the booze stock.
As we walked back across the patio to the covered walkway, I asked a nude woman lying on a chaise with a drink in her hand, "Terry, where's the party?"
Terry replied, "211 and 213." She grinned and nodded at Drew. "Are you taking her up there to join?" Terry asked.
"Just to show her how perverted our guests can be," I teased back.
The Cleveland club included a range of people from those who just enjoyed going nude to those who incorporated group sex into their celebration. The latter group took two adjoining rooms for their party.
I led Drew up to 211 and 213. The hall doors to both rooms were open and there were a few nude people in the hall with drinks talking. It was not unreasonably noisy or ill-behaved.
Drew and I walked into 211. On the bed, a larger middle-aged lady was being fucked doggy style by a younger man while she ate a rather attractive woman lying on the bed. Nude people stood around the bed watching. The watchers were mainly couples, at least for the moment. Nearly everyone watching was fondling or fingering his or her partner.
While Drew and I watched, the younger man fucking the woman on the bed pulled out and shot all over her ass and back. The woman kept going down on her female partner, who was starting to moan. We watched while the woman being eaten had her orgasm, and then left the room.
As we walked back to the stairs, Drew said, "That was intense. I wonder what it is like to come with all those people watching."
"If you were having an orgasm, would you even be aware of the people watching?" I asked.
Drew grinned. "I'll guess that I'd have to try it to find out." She twitched her gorgeous, tight bare ass.
From almost the day she started, Caitlyn had been trying to get us a space at a large travel and leisure show held in Columbus during the first full weekend of each January. Cassie and I were a bit dubious because the fee for a booth was quite high. It had been a moot point because all of the booth spaces were taken by repeat exhibitors. Back in August, the show's staff had called Caitlyn to say that an exhibitor had cancelled. We had about five minutes to decide whether we wanted the vacant booth. Because Caitlyn felt so strongly about it, Cassie and I went along with it.
Caitlyn had spent more money hiring a professional photographer to take pictures of the Inn and grounds. She shot the pool, spa, tennis courts, bar, restaurant, sauna, even the waterfall at the back of our property. Some shots had people in them. You couldn't see anything more than you'd see in any magazine at the grocery, but you could tell that the people in the pictures were nude. Caitlyn put some of the pictures into a brochure which she had printed for the show. Others were enlarged to be mounted on the walls of our booth.
The next question was who to send to the travel show. We thought we needed two people so that the booth was always staffed during food and bathroom breaks. Our next thought was to put our best feet forward, which meant that I stayed home. We also thought that women and couples who were thinking about trying a nude vacation for the first time would be more comfortable talking to a woman than to a man. Since Cassie and Caitlyn knew the Inn better than Drew, it followed that Cassie and Caitlyn should go. Fortunately, the first weekend in January was always very slow. People were either recovering from the holidays or leaving for trips in the tropics. Very few people vacationed in Ohio in early January.
Cassie and Caitlyn were leaving fairly early that Friday in order to get to Columbus with plenty of time to set up our booth before the show opened at 4:00 p.m. that afternoon. I loaded our brochures and pictures into Cassie's SUV, then went to the passenger's side door to give Caitlyn a goodbye kiss.
When I went around to the driver's door to kiss Cassie, Cassie said softly, "I told Drew to stay with you while we're gone." What did that mean?
Drew had my car at the university that day. We did not have any bookings for the entire weekend. I guessed that there would be no walk-ins. I did some maintenance work and worked out. It was early evening when I saw Drew pull my car into our drive. I decided to do my evening check of the outside while she parked and got settled. It was cold outside so I was not only dressed but also bundled in my heavy coat, boots, hat, and gloves.
When I had finished checking the grounds, I went into the manager's suite and began to undress. Damn. I smelled food. Once I had fully stripped, I went into the kitchen. There, I saw Drew stirring a pot on the stove. The apron, which was all she wore, left her marvelous backside exposed. Drew's front was covered when she turned to face me.
"I got some shrimp at that shop in town," Drew said. "I've got pasta on. I made a quick tomato-basil-garlic sauce. I was just about to put the shrimp in. We should eat pretty soon. If you're having wine, please pour me a glass too."
"I didn't know that you cooked," I said.
"For the last several years, Mom wasn't able to and Dad didn't," Drew replied. "Someone had to."
Drew cooked pretty well. I helped her clean up. When we were done, she poured two more glasses of wine. "Go sit on the sofa," Drew said. "I'll be there in a minute."
I sat on our sofa in the front room. Drew came in, put her glass on an end-table, and sat down next to me. She was so close that our bare asses were touching. I looked into her blue eyes and we were both quiet for a time.
Finally, Drew said softly, "Cassie and Caitlyn and I talked before they left. Cassie explained about the 'island' you have here. She asked me if I wanted to join the three of you on your 'island.'"
"What did you tell her?" I asked.
Drew leaned forward and kissed me. She began making circles on my balls with a finger of her left hand. Her tongue felt for mine.
When we broke our kiss, Drew put her hand around my dick and began sliding it up and down very softly. "I said that I want to join you on the island," Drew said. I put a hand between her legs and began to finger her clit. Drew went on, "At first, I thought three girls and one guy was pretty strange, but I can see that no one is taking advantage of anyone else and, hell, my life hasn't been normal anyway."
After we had played with each other for a while, Drew stood up from the sofa. When I stood up, Drew put both hands on my ass and pulled me to her tightly. She gently bit my right nipple and said, "Now."
We walked into the bedroom. Drew flopped onto her back on the bed with her legs spread. God did she look exquisite. I got on the bed above her. She grabbed my dick with her right hand and guided me into her. Drew felt wet and tight and wonderful.
I had fucked Drew once before, the weekend of her sorority dinner, with her on top. This was our first go in missionary position. Drew was good. She wrapped her legs around me; set the pace to satisfy herself; and gave me plenty of feedback on what she liked, wanted, and needed. I don't have the words to describe how great it was to be thrusting my dick in her pussy while I kissed her beautiful face.
We started slowly and lovingly. As we went on, her expression changed from happy to hungry. As I fucked her faster and harder, hungry became wanton. Drew's hips bucked and her legs tightened around me pulling me deeper into her. She started to moan. She dug her fingers into my back. Then, she screamed and her arms and legs clutched me with more strength than I thought she had.
I had not come yet so I kept pumping. Drew gasped several times. She made noises that finally formed into words: "come . . . in . . . me!" I finally did. Hard.
After I came, I let myself down onto the bed beside Drew. She had her eyes closed and was breathing hard for quite a while. She finally opened her eyes and looked into mine. I swear that her eyes were twinkling. Her luscious lips spread into a huge smile. Then we kissed, for a long time.
Drew and I lay on the bed, sweaty, holding each other. It was quite a while before either of us spoke. Drew broke the silence, saying "Harry that was great! I've wanted to fuck you again so badly." I must have made a questioning face because she went on, "I had to be sure that Cassie and Caitlyn were ok with it."
We lay there a long time. Primarily, I just looked at how beautiful Drew was with damp blonde hair framing her face. We played with each other some, but that was showing affection rather than trying to start up again.
It was only, maybe, 8:30 or 9:00 p.m. There were no guests at the Inn so we went to sleep. Before we did, Drew did something which I'd done with Cassie and Caitlyn a time or two. She got me hard, and guided my dick into her again. "Let's just fall asleep this way," Drew said. We did.
We were awake early the next morning. After our morning pisses and a shower together, we went out front. I called Barb, our chef.
"No one for breakfast, right?" Barb asked.
"Right," I said.
"You may want to check on the weather," Barb said. "Those clouds look like they're going to dump something." The sky was dark and completely overcast.
I called a friend at the ODOT garage. They watch the short-term weather closely in winter. I learned that freezing rain was expected to start in early afternoon and continue until around ten p.m. I called Barb back to let her know. With no reservations for the night, we'd be shutting it down pretty quickly if ice started to fall. There'd be no walk-ins in that kind of weather. We were too far off of the main roads to get anyone stranded while passing through.
The ice started at 1:00 p.m. Barb went home. Drew and I began calling the staff scheduled to work to tell them to stay home. No one complained. The weather was already getting shitty and Cassie's rule was that we paid them anyway when something like this happened.
Around 3:30, I got dressed to go outside and check everything. I got about two steps out from under our front portico and went straight on my ass. That hurt. Getting up was a trick too. It was as slippery as I'd ever seen it. A few more steps and a second fall persuaded me that anything out of order could wait until tomorrow. I crawled back under the portico on my hands and knees.
Drew had seen my falls through the window and was there to help me once I got inside. Her warm nude body contrasted sharply with the ice and cold outside. However, I had to shoo her away until I had gotten my ice-covered outer clothes off and hung up.
Drew led me back into the manger's suite where I finished undressing. "Harry, you've got a big bruise on your ass. No sex for you tonight," Drew said.
"Clinical trials show that copulation is the best therapy for an ass bruise," I replied.
Drew giggled. "Ok."
Just then, the phone with the Inn's business number rang. It was a Deputy Sheriff calling to ask if we had any guests. I told her that there were only the two of us here. She told me that we had a Level Three weather emergency. People caught on the roads who did not have an emergency themselves would be arrested. Drew and I weren't going anywhere.
We opened some wine and stood at the window for a while, arms around each other's waists, watching the ice fall. Cassie called from Columbus around 5:00. I told her about the weather and that we were shut down. She said that Columbus was just cold, that the show was going well, and that we had gotten a few bookings and a lot of interest.
"Is Drew there?" Cassie asked.
"Of course," I answered.
"Is she taking care of you?" Cassie asked.
"I don't know. What did you tell her to do?" I replied.
"Fuck your eyes out," Cassie laughed.
"We're working on it." I said.
Drew and I had some sandwiches which we heated in a microwave. Later, we went out to the spa, which did help my bruises a little.
The second time I got out of the spa to get us another drink, Drew said, "Harry, I wouldn't normally say this, but tonight your ass looks bad. Lie face down on that chaise. I'll be back in a minute. Let's see if I can do anything for you."
I spread a towel and lay down on a chaise. When Drew came back, she spread some lotion on my butt and began massaging it. That hurt and I said so. Next, I felt Drew spreading my ass cheeks and probing my asshole with her finger.
As Drew worked her finger deeper into my anus, I asked her what she was doing.
"I want to make sure that you didn't hurt your prostate, "she replied. She began massaging my prostate and I started getting hard. After she had worked on me a while, she pulled her finger out and told me to stand up.
I did with a rigid hard-on that had my dick up against my belly. "Hold that pose," Drew said as she went to wash off her hand. She came back, knelt down in front of me, wrapped her hands around my dick, and guided it into her mouth. Someone had taught Drew about giving blow jobs. I can't believe that anyone is just naturally that good. I rather quickly shot into Drew's mouth. She swallowed it.
As Drew tried to stand up, I took her shoulders and guided her onto the chaise. "Your turn," I said. As Drew leaned back and spread her legs, I could hear the ice still falling outside. Because of the weather, we really were as isolated as on an island. Lying there fully exposed to me, Drew looked incredibly beautiful and sexy. I knelt on the patio and buried my face in her pussy. After licking and sucking her clit a bit, I stuck my tongue inside to where I thought one of spots was. I found it and tongued it hard. Drew came pretty quickly too, squeezing my head between her thighs. There are many worse places to be.
After Drew came, we sat in the spa listening to the ice fall for a while longer. Then, we closed up the pool and spa and went back to the suite. With youthful exuberance, Drew wanted to fuck. She rode me passionately. I completely forgot about my bruises. For the second night in a row, I fell asleep with my dick inside Drew.
We woke up early the next morning. The ice storm was over. A contact at the Sheriff's Department told me over the phone that our road would probably be salted by mid-day. I dressed, got the spreader out of the utility shed, and, very carefully, began salting our drives. Drew came out and was gingerly salting the walkways.
Finishing that task, I decided to work out. Largely for my benefit, we had a pretty good weight room in the basement of the Inn's main building. Drew and I stripped off and went there. Drew insisted on spotting me. It was distracting to be lying on the bench looking up at Drew's bare pussy, but I didn't complain. I helped Drew with a few exercises.
As we were finishing, Drew said, "Harry, you ought to learn some yoga. It would improve your balance. I haven't done a class in over a year. I heard that someone in town is doing nude yoga one night a week. Maybe all four of us can go." Drew paused. "Maybe I can even get Deni to go."
We took a sauna and basically did nothing the rest of the day. Around 1:00 p.m., I heard the salt truck on our road.
Sometime around 9:00 p.m., I was lying on the bed and Drew was riding me again when Cassie and Caitlyn walked into the suite. Drew kept going and Cassie and Caitlyn were quickly naked on the bed with us. Cassie started kissing me. Caitlyn started sucking one of Drew's nipples. After Drew and I came, Cassie and Caitlyn ate each other. When we all went to sleep that night, Drew and Cassie were on their sides facing each other, I was on my side behind Drew with my dick in her ass crack, and Caitlyn was on her side behind me with her tits against my back. It was amazing how comfortable that was.