As I settled into the black leather seats of your Nissan, I began pulling at the hem of my lilac skirt. I'm not used to wearing such skimpy clothes, but my usual jeans are just not appropriate for tennis. We made small talk on the way. I was barely listening because I was staring at your lips. Watching how they move when you speaks. Looking for every imperfection and memorizing them for my fantasies later. A slight underbite. A dimple when you smiles. Adorable.
I'm finally done pretending I don't adore you. I want to feel you. You park and look at me, about to get out, when I grab your head and pull your face to mine, our lips touch and I feel your hands grabbing at my hair. Now I know you want me too. I suddenly pull away and step out, quickly surveying where we've parked. We're on the side of the tennis court. You come around the side of the car. I can see you trying to think, maybe you're thinking about speaking, but I don't let you. I've already pulled you into another kiss, and I'm leaning my back against the side of the car just behind the door of the backseat for balance.
Without unlocking our lips I pull your hands down from my head and allow them to rest on my hips. I put my own hands around you, reaching up your back. Your hands begin exploring my body, one hand going up and one hand going down. Before I know it I've got my hands on the bottom of your shirt and I'm trying to pull up. You let go of me to rip off your shirt and I place my hands on your shoulders, feeling your body hair beneath my fingers. Suddenly, your hands are under my shirt and on my sports bra. I gasp as I feel your hands running across my nipples, which become erect. You can feel them through the fabric and you pinch them gently and squeeze my entire breasts.
When you start working your hands around my sports bra I decide to take the opportunity to free my chest from the smooth workout clothes. My breasts are yours before my shirt and bra even hit the ground. As I lean my bare back against the hot car I feel your lips kissing my right nipple as your right hand kneads my left breast. I moan softly as the wind runs over my shoulders and face. Now that your head is lower, I can see the road ahead. I feel a rush of excitement in my core as I realize anyone walking outside or driving by will see us.
They'll write you off as an average man, but I'll be seen as a slutty woman. I love it. I feel you getting hungrier as you switch breasts. Your movements are more lustful and I can feel myself getting uncontrollably wet. I desperately need to grind on something to relieve the pressure. I pull your face off of my breasts so I can kiss you. As you stand back up I press my groin against your thigh. You seem to know exactly what I'm looking for and you lift your leg to press harder against me.
You keep the kiss going, with my head pressing against the car. Your left hand suddenly lifts my right leg up by the back of my thigh so half my weight is held by your leg that I'm rubbing against. My arms are wrapped around your shoulders for balance. I don't even notice as you open the car door with your right hand. I feel a wave of disappointment as you step away from me, and let go of my leg. You grab me, and turn me around and push my face against the car.
"Stay" you command. I don't move. I look at my hands pressed against the car by my head without moving a muscle.
"Good girl."
The praise practically lights me on fire with desire. I want you to touch me, I want to feel you inside me. You step close behind me, running your hands against my sides. I feel your feet pressing on the inside of my own, forcing me to spread my legs entirely apart. You crouch down, putting your face right under my skirt. I feel you pulling at the fabrics of my skirt and panties, and gasp in surprise when I feel the blade against my skin.
I almost panic but you say "don't move. I would never hurt you."
I listen and stay quiet as you use the flip knife from your center console to cut through the fabrics. You leave my skirt hanging onto my body, but cut away my panties until they're just a pile on the ground. I feel you press your face against my labia and blow gently across my skin. A whimper escapes my mouth and I don't even realize my mistake until the tennis racket has already made contact with my asscheeks. The spanking stings slightly but doesn't hurt. Even so, tears welled up in my eyes. I'm full of so much raw emotion; lust, passion, excitement, desire and I can't control myself.
You put your face close to mine and whisper, "How do you feel?"
I can't believe it. I started this, and you're the one checking in on me. Making sure I'm okay. God, genuine concern is so sexy.
I respond "I feel great, like a sexy slut."
You smile and without breaking eye contact hit my ass with the racket again. You say "Don't say that, it's a too dirty a word for someone so beautiful."
I feel another wave of arousal in core and my pussy is begging for release. "Please..." I beg, trying to find the right words, "I... I need to be filled. Please, I need to rub my clit..." just saying the words increases my arousal a million times.
You smirk and spank me one more time with the racket before saying "Don't worry, honey. I'll fill you." You step behind me again, and gently places your hands on my thighs.
I love how gentle you are, slowly working your hands toward my pussy. Gently your middle finger finds my clit and I feel my entire body shudder and I moan loudly.
"Is that too much?" You ask me softly.
I try to find my voice but all I can manage to say is "more.. it's good...."
Your fingers run over my clit in up and down motions. I'm moaning and the pleasure is more than I can handle. My left hand reaches up and grabs the bar on top of your car. My right hand follows your arm and rests on top of your right hand, guiding you towards the counter clockwise circles I prefer. It's a while before my brain registers you pressing your hard-on against my back and when I do, the excitement in me is even more intense. I turn my back and head around to kiss you and you pause to focus on that.
After a minute you pull your head away and say "how about I follow through on my promise to fill you?" You push me sideways so my head and arms land inside the backseat of the car with my sneakers still on the ground with my ass pointing to you.
Suddenly I feel something cold and hard press against my entrance and before I can turn around you've pushed the tip of the handle of the racket inside of me.
My reaction is immediate and loud "oh god, yes! Yes!" I scream, heedless of anyone that could be around in the middle of the day.
Encouraged by my reaction, you push it deeper inside. I can feel the weight of the racket tugging inside my body as you push it deeper and deeper. After what feels like ages it bottoms out and presses against my cervix.
"ooohh" I moan, pressing my head against the seat.
"Good girl." You whisper into my ear. You start to slowly push on the racket it twist it inside, "you're beautiful! You're amazing. You're doing so good!" You're teaching me to love this feeling, by filling my mind with oxytocin using praise and compliments.... It's working.
And I love it.
After a few minutes of this you gently pull out the racket. "Let's get you on your back." You say, giving me your arm as support but letting me move my sweaty body carefully over the leather seats.
Just as I'm situated on my back and deciding what to do with my legs you lift my knees and place them over your shoulders. Your pants are already unzipped and I see your modest hard dick pointing at it's target.
You're holding a condom and about to tear it open but I say "I'm on birth control, but the choice is yours."
You smile and toss it into the front seat and lean over and kiss me. You look into my eyes and say "Are you ready?"
I nod and you grab my wrists and hold them above my head against the seat. As you press your dick against my entrance I hold my breath waiting and close my eyes instinctively. I'm glad you haven't told me to open them yet. Suddenly I'm nervous. I can feel my mind starting to wander. I'm going to ruin this! "I've never done this before..."
You stop and wait and reply softly "I love you. You're going to be amazing. But it doesn't have to be right now."
"What if I'm not good at this?"
"You have nothing to prove to me. You're already the most amazing person I know. Your only task, when you're ready on your own time, is to relax and feel good."
"Kiss me again."
You lean over and your lips touch mine and I feel my body yearning for completion. I want you. You want me. "I'm ready."
You stand yourself up and I feel you push inside of me.
You're still holding my wrists and my hands clench into fists and unclench and I moan the word "yesss" softly.
You pull all the way out and push inside again, watching my reactions, listening to me moan. You're making sure I'm okay, and that I'm enjoying this. I appreciate it. But I need more! "Faster! Please!" I say, squirming against you.
You pump your dick in and out of me at a steady pace and I feel myself reaching new heights of ecstasy. I look into your eyes, thinking of how slutty I must look, in nothing but the remnants of a torn skirt and my sneakers. Your pace quickens a little more and I feel your dick hitting my cervix with every push. You're making noise too, grunts and gasps as my walls tighten around your dick as I get closer to closer to climax. You readjust to hold both my wrists in your left hand to free your right hand, and you use it to rub my needy clit. I'm not just moaning anymore, but yelling loud enough for anyone in a five mile radius to hear. "I'M SO CLOSE! Just like that! Yes!" I start to yell, but suddenly I'm silenced as my orgasm hits with your dick all the way inside me, my lower back rising up slightly as waves of pleasurable pain roll over me. I hear you moan "oohh" as I clench around you, and I realize you're coming inside me.
As you pull out you let go of my wrists and wrap me up in a hug. You lift me up so I'm sitting, and wrap me in your jacket that you left in the front seat.
You look into my eyes and I say "Eskimo kiss?" You laugh and comply, gently touching the tip of your nose to mine.