While making their flashes appear unintentional and/or accidental, a sexy game that some women play, showing men what they all want to see, some women take sexual pleasure in deliberately exposing themselves and sexually teasing unsuspecting men.
Be honest. Think about it. Tell me the truth. There's no one here but you, me, and the lamppost.
Does your wife or girlfriend like sex? I mean, do they really like sex or are they just having sex with you as their duty and because they must? Is your wife or girlfriend an exhibitionist? Trust me, you would know if they are. Does she deliberately like to flash her panties, her bra, her naked breasts, her naked pussy, and/or her naked ass to unsuspecting men? Or, is she like most other sexless women, a modestly, moral prude more than she is a sexy, fun loving whore?
"Boring!"
Most men would rather have a whore in bed than a prude any day. Most men don't like modestly moral, prudish women but nearly all men love a sexy, fun loving whore, especially one who has her eyes on you. Most men would rather have sex than watching someone else having sex on TV.
Again, just between you, me, and the lamppost, just once, wouldn't you love to watch your wife or your girlfriend flash your friends her panties and/or her naked tits? Just once, wouldn't you love to watch your wife or your girlfriend expose herself to your relatives, your father and/or your brother? Imagine all the sexy pillow talk and hot sex you'd have after she exposed her panties to strangers at the mall, her naked breasts to truckers on the highway, or her naked body to men on the beach.
"Wow, Sarah," said Roger, Sarah's latest boyfriend of the week. "I can't believe you did that. I can't believe you flashed my father, my brother, and that tollbooth collector your tits. That was so hot. I can't wait to have sex with you while talking about you flashing more men."
# # #
Tell me the truth and be honest, wouldn't you love to have a woman in your life like Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, or Valerie? Imagine if your woman was just as horny and wanted sex as much as you're always horny and wanted sex? I dare write, whether you're dating or married, having a hot sexlife is way better than having money or a fast car. Am I right? Suffice to write, with you always fucking your wife and/or your girlfriend and she or they always sucking you, you'd never be sad, lonely, bored, unhappy, or sexually frustrated again.
"Honey? I'm horny. Suck my cock again. I need to cum in your beautiful mouth while fondling your big breasts and fingering your erect nipples."
Gwen looked at her lover.
"Isn't it my sister's turn to have sex with you?"
Gwen's new boyfriend laughed.
"Your sister, Sharon, blew me last night. It's your turn to blow me this morning," he said.
Gwen got up from the couch.
"Okay, just let me grab my kneepads," said Gwen while removing her blouse and bra. "Shall I open the blinds and turn on the light so that our neighbors can watch me blowing you?"
Gwen's boyfriend smiled.
"Yeah, I'd love for our neighbors to watch you sucking my cock and me cumming in your beautiful mouth."
# # #
This is the continuation of a true story of four, sexy and shapely women who know how to sexually tease men. Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and Valerie all could have been strippers. They all know what it takes to make a man sexually satisfied and erotically happy. Tell me the truth and be honest, don't you wish you were living with one of those four women than having to deal with your bitch of a girlfriend or your boring wife, women who never want to have sex?
"Not now. I'm too tired. I have a headache," are lines that you'd wish you'd never have to hear again. They act as if they never want to have sex ever again. "Not now. I have my period," is another excuse you're tired of hearing.
What? They never want to have sex? What is that about?
Instead of staying with your bitchy girlfriend, you should dump her and hookup with a new girlfriend. Instead of marrying your wife, you should have married your MILF of a mother-in-law, your sexy sister-in-law, your horny cousin, or your old girlfriend. Any one of those women would have been a better, sexual match. In the way that they're always giving you the eye while flashing you, it's obvious that they all not only want you but also that they all love having sex.
Trust me. If you lived with Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and/or Valerie, you'd have more sex than you could handle. You'd be the one telling them that your too tired and/or have a headache.
# # #
Think about it. Imagine being on a plane with any one of them or with all four of them. Imagine traveling with them and vacationing with them. Imagine walking with one of them on a nude beach while holding hands. Every man there wishes he was you. Every man wonders how someone who looks like you got someone who looks like her. Imagine how much better your life, sexual and/or otherwise, would be with one of them in your life.
Wouldn't you love to travel to faraway places with Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and/or Valerie than having to spend another minute with your screaming and fighting, spoiled children? Trust me, if you had Gwen, her sister, Sharon, her cousin, Sarah, or her aunt, Valerie in your life, you'd never have the time or the inclination to read stories on Literotica again. Instead, you'd be writing your own steamy, hot memoirs of your sexlife, 'My memoirs of having hot sex with Gwen, her sister, Sharon, her cousin, Sarah, and her aunt Valerie.'
Close your eyes. Imagine yourself on a nude beach in Mexico. Imagine letting it all hang out with Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and Valerie. You with four naked, beautiful, and sexy, shapely, and horny women. Life doesn't get any better than that.
Instead of dreaming this, this is really happening. Instead of this being someone else's life, this is your life. While watching the four women slowly and sexily strip themselves naked, you have a memory of an old, Noxema, shaving cream commercial from 1967-1973 with Gunilla Knutsson, a Swedish model from Ystad.
"Take it off. Take it all off," she told men to shave off their facial hair.
Then, you say the line that always gets them going.
"The last one in the water is a rotten egg," you say while not moving from your seated spot on the hot sand.
No matter how many times you say that line, they always fall for it. You had no intention of racing them to the water. You just wanted to watch Gwen, Saran, Sarah, and Valerie run to the water naked and jog back. As if you were in an Irish Spring soap commercial of old, while they jogged back to you, you just wanted to watch their big, naked breasts bounce up and down and side-to-side.
# # #
"The ladies will have another tequila sunrise and I'll have another cervaza. Gracias."
Two Mexican men sitting on the beach with their wives and surrounded by their children stared at the four, naked, and beautiful, American women.
"Look at that Gringo with those four naked women," said one man to the other man. "How does someone who looks like him get women who look like them?"
Both men ignored their wives and their children to stare over at Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and Valerie naked.
"He must be a rich American," said one man with a shrug.
The other man nodded his head in agreement.
"Si. I wish I had money instead of kids," he said looking from Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and Valerie naked to look at his wife and children.
# # #
Continued from Chapter 01:
With her an experienced flasher, when deliberately flashing someone, timing is everything. Timing it perfectly with her watching him from behind her curtained window, Gwen opened her front door just as the mailman walked up her path to deliver the mail. With the wind working in concert with her, and with her higher up on her porch, and the mailman down below, she was at the perfect angle and vantage point to flash him what she wanted him to see.
"Good morning," said Gwen to direct his attention to her. She let go of her bathrobe to wave at the mailman. "How are you today?"
He returned her smile with his smile and her wave with his wave.
"I'm good and, how are you?"
Deliberately moving her hand away from her robe, timing her move with a gust of wind, she allowed the steady breeze to take command of her bathrobe, her lack of morals, and her lack of modesty. As if she didn't know it was as windy as it was and as if she forgot what little she was wearing, she was ready to flash the mailman. Acting surprised and that she was unaware that she was exposed, as if the hem of her bathrobe was a bird spreading its wings, she looked up to the sky while her bathrobe flew up and open with the wind.
"It looks like rain," she said.
With her wearing a revealing bathrobe with nothing underneath, as if she was Mother Nature controlling the wind, a sudden breeze blew open the bottom half of her light, silk bathrobe to expose her naked, blonde, trimmed pussy. Acting unaware that she was as nakedly exposed as she was, she continued smiling at the mailman as if she was fully clothed. It wasn't until she saw him staring and leering, actually, at all that he could see of her naked pussy that she played the part of the innocent victim.
"Oh, my God. I had no idea my bathrobe blew open. I'm so embarrassed. I can't believe you saw my naked pussy. Please advert your eyes," she said turning her back to the mailman. "Please don't look at my naked pussy."
Then, as soon as she turned her back to the mailman to fix the front of her bathrobe, the wind blew again. This time the breeze lifted the back of her bathrobe to expose her round, firm, naked ass. Drawing more attention to her nakedness, if it wasn't enough that she had exposed her naked pussy to the mailman, now she had exposed her naked ass and the back of her naked pussy to him, too. Playing her part as the innocent virgin, even though this was her intention all along, she acted humiliated that the mailman had seen her nearly naked.
"Please don't look at my naked ass and my naked pussy. I can't believe you saw my naked ass and my naked pussy. I'm so very embarrassed."
Under the pretense of being embarrassed while pretending to preserve her morals and modesty, a losing battle, continuing to play her flashing game, she fruitlessly wrestled with her bathrobe against the blowing wind. As soon as she bothered to fix the bottom half of her bathrobe, as if directed and expected, the wind blew open the top half of her bathrobe. As if deliberately and sexually teasing the mailman, and she was, the breeze blew her bathrobe off her slender shoulder to expose her big, naked breast, her areola, and her erect nipple.
Losing her battle with the wind, while holding the bottom portion of her bathrobe in place, the wind blew the top half of her bathrobe from her shoulders to expose both of her naked breasts. Perfectly planned and deliberately executed, within a minute she had flashed the mailman all that she wanted him to see and all that he, no doubt, wanted to see. Within a minute, the mailman had seen her naked pussy, her naked ass, and her naked breasts. Within a minute, the mailman had seen her completely naked.
Showing him all that she wanted him to see, he had seen her naked pussy, her naked ass, and her naked tits. In the way that he'd be masturbating over her naked flashing show later, she'd be masturbating later over all that she flashed him, too. Already sexually aroused, and in the horny mood to sexually tease someone, she couldn't wait to flash someone else again.
# # #
A useless struggle, she feigned her fight to save her innocence by feebly fighting the wind. Later that day, she gave the same, deliberate, albeit unexpected flashing show to the UPS driver delivering a package. Careful not to expose the same man twice, she ordered her takeout food from different restaurants. Even though she enjoyed flashing her naked body, the last thing she wanted was to be deemed a whore.
A huge difference between the two, she wasn't a whore. She was an exhibitionist. She loved showing her panties in up-skirt peeks or her naked pussy in up-nightgown peeks. In sexually excited her to flash men her cleavage and bra clad breasts in down-blouse views or her naked breasts in down-nightgown views. It sexually aroused her to show unsuspecting men her naked breasts, her naked ass, and/or her naked pussy.
She acted as shocked as she acted embarrassed. Lucky them, no doubt, thinking that they were at the right place at the right time, neither man would have guessed that Gwen had deliberately flashed them her naked pussy, her naked breasts, and/or her naked ass. Both men may have suspected her a whore but neither man would have thought of her as an exhibitionist.
She was expert at putting on a show of exhibitionism. After years of flashing so very many men, a controlling mistress at exposing herself, while making her flashes appear accidental, she had honed her flashing skills to a high degree of proficiency. Instead of looking sexually aroused, even though she was, she looked mortified that she had exposed her nearly, naked body to strange men. Whether flashing her panties, her bra, her naked breasts, naked ass, naked pussy, or naked body, putting on quite the show, she was quite the actress.
As if she was an expert at sexual effects, she took every opportunity that she could think of to flash while creatively making her flashes appear accidental and/or unintentional. Not wanting anyone to think her a slut, she didn't want her flashing victims to know that she deliberately showed them all that she wanted them to see, all that they wanted to see, and all that they shouldn't see. Something that sexually aroused her, as far back as she could remember, she had been deliberately flashing men by showing them up-skirt peeks of her panties and down-blouse views of her bra and cleavage.
Then, when a plumber, an electrician, the cable TV man, or a handyman worked in her home, she had a multitude of ways of flashing them up-nightgown peeks of her naked pussy and down-nightgown views of her naked breasts. Whenever the trashmen appeared, she'd run out her front door with her bag of trash while wearing her flimsy, silk bathrobe with nothing underneath and while making sure they received a show of her naked pussy and/or naked breasts. Whenever the lawncare men or the pool men made their weekly summertime visits, she was always there to show them what they shouldn't see.
With her not having a steady man in her life, deliberately exposing herself while going out of her way to make her flashing appear accidental, was her own sexual entertainment. Later that night, while masturbating herself, she'd think about who she flashed, what they saw, and the surprised and/or sexually excited looks on their faces. Almost as good as sex with a man but not nearly the same, yet, flashing gave her the same level of sexual arousal, the same sexual release, and the same sexual satisfaction when self-pleasuring herself.
'Who needs a man when I have my finger, my vibrator, and my dildo,' she thought while sexually pleasuring her pussy, fondling her naked breasts, and fingering her erect nipples.
Easy for her to sexually attract men, sadly, easily bored and sexually unsatisfied, she had a difficult time keeping a man. Men were too much of a bother. Men took up too much of her time. Too nosey with them wanting to know too much, such as who she had been with and how many men she had slept with, men were too inquisitive and too intrusive. Always saying the wrong things at the wrong times, they were too insensitive. After only a few dates, they wanted her to move in with them or they wanted to move in with her.
Happy living alone while cooking and cleaning for herself, she couldn't imagine living with anyone. Embarrassed that she had a secret, sexual fetish, not wanting anyone to know, aside from her sister, Sharon, her cousin, Sarah, and her aunt, Valerie, she couldn't imagine never flashing again. Not her idea of living her dream, she never wanted a demanding man and a brood of screaming kids while he went off to work and she slaved working at home. Instead, she'd rather be free to travel while flashing unsuspecting men.
# # #
Chapter 02:
"Happy Birthday," said Sharon to her sister, Gwen.
Sharon gave her sister a hug, a kiss on the lips, and handed her a birthday gift with a card. Accepting the gift and card, Gwen returned her sister's kiss with her kiss, her hug with her hug, and her happy smile with her sad smile. Seemingly, it didn't matter that today was her birthday, she was sad. Perhaps, she was sad because it was her birthday.
Yet, someone as beautiful and as sexy as she was should never be sad. Someone as beautiful and as sexy as she was should always be happy. Any man would count their lucky stars and thank God in Heaven every day if they were sexually intimate with Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and/or Valerie. With too many women short, obese, and angry, the four of them, a breath of fresh air, were what all women should be, tall, sexy, shapely, beautiful, smart, and funny.
'Dear God in Heaven,' thought the lucky man walking with the four, naked women on a beach in Mexico. 'Thank you for Gwen, Sharon, Sarah, and Valerie. I thank you and my penis thanks you. Amen.'
Sarah gave her cousin a big smile.
"Happy Birthday, Gwen," said cousin Sarah.
Her cousin from her mother's side, she gave Gwen a hug, a kiss on the cheek, and handed her a birthday gift with a card also. Gwen returned her cousin's hug and kiss with her hug and kiss, and accepted her gift and birthday card. Again, as she did with her sister, she did with her cousin, Sarah. She returned her cousin's happy smile with her sad smile.
"Happy Birthday, Gwen," said Aunt Val.
Her aunt from her father's side, Aunt Val, gave Gwen a hug and a kiss on the cheek and handed her a birthday gift with a card. Gwen returned her aunt's hug and kiss on the cheek with her hug and kiss on the cheek and accepted her gift and birthday card. Then, as she did with her sister and her cousin, she did the same with her aunt. She returned her happy smile with her sad smile.
Seemingly, even though today was her birthday and her three-favorite people, her sister, her cousin, and her aunt were visiting her in celebration of her birthday, Gwen was sad. Instead of being happy that it was her birthday, she was gloomy and depressed. Nothing new, every year she gets like this, she's depressed a week before her birthday and a week after her birthday. No one likes to get older but, in her case, birthdays made her look back at her life to examine what she's accomplished and/or yet to accomplish.
"Thank you all for your birthday wishes, your birthday cards, and your birthday gifts," said Gwen with unhappiness while putting the cards and gifts to the side without opening them.
She looked as if she was about to cry. Even though she didn't have a dog, Gwen looked at her big sister as if her dog had just died. So down on her birthdays, getting older had always made her feel blue. She wished there was a magic pill or a drug that she could take that would allow her to stay the same age. Her favorite age, she wished she was 35-years-old again.
"Why the long face, Gwen," asked Sharon?
Sharon looked at her kid sister with concern.
"Why are you so sad? It's your birthday. You're not allowed to be sad on your birthday," said Sarah. "You're supposed to be happy."
Val took her niece's hand in hers and held it while comforting her.
"What's wrong, Dear?"
Gwen sighed, drooped her shoulders, and slumped in her chair as if her life was over and the world had come to an abrupt end.
"I'm 42-years-old today," she said looking at her sister, her cousin, and her aunt as if she was about to cry again.
Her big sister looked at her with understanding.
"We're all getting older. I just turned 45-years-old," said Sharon with a dismissive, little laugh.
Val nodded her head while opening a bottle of champagne. She poured everyone a glass.
"In two more years, over the hill and on my way down, I'll be 50-years-old," she said with a sad, little laugh while stoically nodding her head. "That's life," she said with a shrug. "Everyone grows older."
Sarah laughed.
"I'm the baby of the group at 38-years-old. Only, in two more years, I'll be 40-years-old," she said nodding her head with sadness as if contagiously catching Gwen's low spirits and Sharon's certainty about getting older.
Seemingly not helping Gwen, even though they all tried by commiserating with her, she continued lamenting over her age and the disappointing state of her life.
"Other than the house that I own, the car that I drive, and the money that I have in the bank, my life and my entire identity is my job. My job defines me. My job is who I am," she said pausing to look at her sister, her cousin, and her aunt again. "Unless we're traveling somewhere on vacation, all I do is work, go home, eat, watch TV, sleep, and do it all over again," she said looking so sad. "My life is so boring."
Her sister patted her hand.
"Don't be so hard on yourself. You've always wanted to be a teacher. You're living your life how you wanted to live it. You're doing what you always wanted to do. You just need to have some fun today," she said. "Drink up," she said. "Alcohol is the medicine you need to make you feel better."
Again, Gwen looked as if she was about to cry.
"I'm an old maid, school teacher with a master's degree in education. With little else to show, I have no husband and no children. I don't even have a steady boyfriend," she said with tears in her eyes. "I'm such a loser. I'm a poor excuse of a woman for not being married with children."
Obviously looking for sympathy, instead, her sister, her cousin, and her aunt all laughed out loud. Accustomed to going anywhere they wanted to go and at any time they wanted to go, clearly, just as they knew that Gwen loved her freedom, they did, too. Even though she felt sad today, obviously, she'd be happy tomorrow. They all knew that she'd never give up her job and/or her lifestyle for any man. They all knew that she'd rather travel than to be married with children.
# # #
"Yeah, so? This is the choice we all made long ago when love never happened for any of us," said Sharon. "Tired and frustrated of searching for Mr. Right without success, after continually finding Mr. Wrong, we made a pact to stay together and travel. Look at me. I thought the man who impregnated me was going to marry me but, along with his child support, he disappeared in the darkness of the night."
Sharon looked at her sister with tears in her eyes.
"I'm sorry to have made you sad, too," said Gwen.
Gwen hugged her sister.
"Yet, with the help of all of you, somehow I made it through. Now my son has a good job, a house, and a wife," said Sharon with pride. "Maybe, they'll have the kids I never had. Maybe, I'll be a grandmother," she said with a laugh.
Val looked at her niece.
"You're better off without him," she said.
Sharon nodded her head.
"Yet, you were the lucky one to, at least, have a child," said Gwen. "Except for Sarah, the rest of us too old for children. That ship has already sailed."
Sharon looked at her sister with kind understanding.
"It's never too late to find the right man. Perhaps he has children of his own. If you're desperate to have a child, you can always adopt," said Sharon.
Sarah laughed.
"Get a dog," she said. Sarah looked from Gwen to look at Sharon. "As of yet, there's been no prospects or proposals for marriage in any of our futures, owning a dog is looking better," she said with a sad, little laugh.
Gwen smiled at her sister and her cousin. She nodded her agreement.
"If I didn't travel as much, I'd have a dog already. I love dogs," said Valerie.
Gwen nodded her head in agreement.
"You're right. You're all right. I can't believe I'm still looking for a man to make me happy when it's up to me to make myself happy," she said looking from her sister to look at her cousin and her aunt. "I'm just sad and I'm making you all sad. Sorry but I always get melancholy around my birthday," said Gwen with a shrug.
Sarah patted Gwen's hand.
"I always wanted to get married, have a big wedding, and a houseful of children," said Sarah. "Yet, once I decided to continue with law school and take the bar, I was hooked. Being a corporate lawyer was what I wanted to do with my life," she said with conviction. "With the long hours that I work, I'm glad I don't have a man tying me down and asking when I'll be home."
Aunt Val hugged her niece.
"It's okay to be sad, Gwen, but I wouldn't change my life for anything or for anyone," said Val. "With no one to cook for, clean for, and pickup after, I don't need a man spending my money and cheating on me."
Gwen smiled at her aunt.
"That's for sure," she said in agreement.
Val looked from Gwen to look at Sarah and Sharon.
"With the four of us receiving huge discounts on airfares and hotel accommodations, thanks to the benefits of my job, I'd rather continue traveling the world as an airline stewardess. I'd rather have new adventures traveling than being a stay at home mother with a brood of kids and stuck in an unhappy and unhealthy marriage," said Val.
Sharon nodded her agreement.
"We've all seen things and done things that we wouldn't have seen and/or done if we were married," said Val with a dirty laugh. "We've all had a good life traveling and having a good time."
Gwen smiled.
"You're right. I know you're right. I understand all of that. I do. We made the right decision to travel instead of getting stuck in a bad marriages or bad relationships," said Gwen. "I wouldn't trade any of our trips for that or for anyone."
Val raised her champagne glass to toast everyone.
"To our next traveling adventure whenever and wherever we go," said Val.
"Cheers to that," said Sharon.
# # #
Sharon laughed while having a memory she obviously wanted to share.
"Do you remember that big black, muscular man in Jamaica? Oh, my God. What a hunk? What was his name, Delroy or LeRoy?"
Val laughed.
"Do I remember him? I'd never forget Fitzroy," said Val with a dirty laugh. "Sometimes, I still dream about him and awaken wet and horny."
Sarah smiled as if she was remembering her Jamaican vacation.
"I don't even know why I packed any clothes," said Sarah with a laugh. "Except to go to dinner, I was always lying on the beach or swimming in the water naked. Thank God for sunscreen."
Val closed her eyes while feeling her B cup breasts and fingering her erect nipples through her blouse and bra.
"My first time having a full body, naked massage, when Fitzroy felt my tits and fingered my nipples, I allowed him to have his wicked, sexual way with my naked body," she said with a dirty laugh. "I allowed him to masturbate me."
She closed her eyes and swooned.
"He gave me such a wonderful orgasm. Then, while still lying on my back and enjoying the sexual afterglow of my orgasm, eager to return the sexual favor, I turned around and lifted my head while smiling up at him. When I saw his bulging erection, unable to stop myself and sexually control myself, I felt his hard, throbbing cock through his pants," said Val.
Sharon laughed.
"You whore," said Sharon with a dirty laugh.
Val agreed that she was a whore by nodding her head and smiling.
"Then, I pulled down the front of his pants, reached my hand inside, pulled out his big, black prick, and stroked him. While he continued sexually touching and feeling me, I sucked his cock while he humped my mouth. As if he hadn't had sex for a week, he had so much cum. Resplendent in his cum, he ejaculated a huge load of cum in my mouth and all over my face," said Val with a sexy laugh.
# # #
"Open your birthday cards and gifts," said Sarah.
Gwen opened Sarah's card and gift first. She laughed at the card of a male stripper wishing her a happy birthday and then opened her gift.
"A barely there, see-through bra and crotchless panties. Thank you," she said laughing while holding them up for Sharon and Val to see. "I can't wait to wear these for someone the next time I flash my panties and bra," she said with a sexy laugh and a naughty look. "It's the perfect attire when opening my hotel door for room service."
Next she opened her Aunt Val's humorous card and birthday gift.
"A giant, black dildo. I guess you were thinking of Fitzroy when you bought this," said Gwen with a dirty laugh while stroking it and taking it to her lips to suck it.
Val nodded while smiling.
"I was thinking of him," she said taking the dildo from Gwen's hand to hold it in her hand. "In the way that it curves up like that, it reminds me of him. God, my first black man having sex with, he had such a big, thick cock," she said with another dirty laugh while handing the dildo back to Gwen.
Next, she opened Sharon's gift.
"What's this," she asked removing four tickets from the envelope?
Sharon laughed shamelessly.
"Since, I know how much we all enjoy showing off our naked bodies, in celebration of your birthday, I bought us tickets to the wet, T-shirt contest for tonight," said Sharon with sexual arousal while looking at Gwen, Sarah, and Val. "So, now that we know what we're doing tonight, what shall we do today for your birthday?"
The women looked from one to the other while waiting for ideas and suggestions.
"We can go shopping and then go to lunch or go to lunch and then go shopping," said Sarah.
Val looked at her niece.
"It's your birthday, Gwen," said Val. "What would you like to do?"
Gwen gave Val a sexy smile and a naughty look.
"Well, since we'll be attending a wet T-shirt contest tonight, to get us in the mood of exposing ourselves, let's go to the mall and do some flashing," said Gwen. "Then, we'll have lunch."
# # #
"Shotgun," declared Gwen, the biggest flasher and most, unashamed and unembarrassed exhibitionist of the group, while running for the passenger, front, side door.
Val laughed.
"If you're shotgun, you know the rules," she said.
Gwen looked back at her aunt and returned Val's laugh with her laugh.
"Why do you think I called shotgun? I love exposing my naked tits to truckers on the road," she said laughing. "I love it when they broadcast over their CB radios that there's a woman flashing her naked breasts and all the truckers that drive by look over at me while expecting me to flash them, too."
Gwen was ready to expose her shapely, D cup breasts, before even getting in the car. She unbuttoned her blouse to her waist and removed her breasts from her bra with the eager anticipation of exposing herself to horny and appreciative truckers. Impossible to know, she couldn't count how many truckers she had flashed her breasts to over the years. Seemingly, especially with her a passenger when there's someone else driving, as if doing a drive by flashing, she loved flashing her big tits to unsuspecting drivers and to tollbooth collectors.
Already dressed and ready to go, the four women piled in Val's Subaru Outback, sports utility vehicle. Needing a car to get her safely to and from the airport in bad weather, she bought the car new from the dealership last year. The car, a crimson red, metallic pearl with tan leather interior was plenty big enough to comfortably fit the four women and their luggage.
Observing the speed limit, not wanting to call attention to her driving, especially with Gwen flashing her naked breasts, Val stayed in the middle lane. As soon as they pulled abreast of a trucker, Val beeped her horn and waved at the driver while Gwen turned to face the trucker. Gwen smiled and waved while lowering her top and removing her breasts from her blouse to expose her naked breasts to him. Something she loved to do and has always had done since as long she can remember, proud of her big tits, she loved flashing her naked breasts to truckers on the highway.
Giving drivers quite the naked, tit show, pulling them, turning them, and twisting them while staring up at him, she fingered her nipples to full erection. Then, she raised her breasts in the palm of her hands and slowly juggled them to give the driver a good, long, look at her huge tits. Not stopping there, she lifted her big breasts to her mouth to suck her nipple, first one and then the other.
No doubt, in the way she was exposing her naked tits to them, they wished they could touch them, feel them, and fondle them. No doubt in the way that she was exposing her naked nipples to them, they wished they could finger her nipples and suck her nipples. No doubt, in the way that she was exposing her naked tits to them, they wished they could expose their naked pricks to her and ejaculate their cum all over the big tits.
With one eye on Gwen's naked tits and his other eye on the road, when a trucker was coming up behind them, Val gave Gwen the head's up. With the truckers talking to and communicating with one another on the CB radios, no doubt, about her flashing her tits, she waved goodbye to one trucker and waved hello to another trucker. Seeming, there were an endless procession of truckers to flash her tits to on the way to the mall.
"There's another trucker coming, Gwen. Get ready," said Val with a sexy laugh while keeping an eye out for state patrol cars.
Gwen flashed a dozen truckers on their way to the mall. They were lucky that none of the truckers followed them to the shopping mall parking lot. They were lucky that there wasn't a state trooper listening to the truckers talking on their CB radios about Gwen flashing her naked tits. Something that's happened once or twice before, taking a chance at baiting and sexually teasing a perverted and deranged man, they've been lucky that nothing has ever happened other than men looking, staring, and leering at their naked breasts.
With them becoming too sexually excited, some men don't appreciate being flashed and sexually teased. Some men get overly sexually excited when seeing a woman's naked breasts. Clearly, it's sexually frustrating for them when she flashes them her tits, teases them by fingering her erect nipples, and then drives away. Some men, wanting more than just to look, while thinking they have a live one, want her to give them sex. If ever they were to stop, some men wouldn't take no for an answer.
# # #
"Where shall we flash first," asked Sarah with a sexually aroused laugh?
Sharon returned her cousin's sexually aroused laugh with her sexually aroused laugh.
"That's easy. The shoe store is one of my favorite places to flash," she said. "Gwen you go in with me first and give us five minutes before you come in with Sarah, Val," said Sharon taking charge.
As if they were planning a burglary and getting ready to cover their faces with masks, instead of readying themselves for a flashing show of deliberate exhibitionism, they disappeared in the ladies' room first. They reapplied their lipsticks and fixed their hair. With them all having flashed shoe salesmen many times before, just as they knew the reactions they'd receive, they all knew their roles to play. Expert at sexually teasing men by flashing them, flashing men their panties or naked pussies as much as flashing them their naked tits, always put men in a hypnotic trance while they stared.
As soon as Val parked the car, intent on flashing the shoe salesman her naked, brown, trimmed pussy, she removed her panties and stuffed them in her purse. Valerie admitted to her niece, Gwen, that she always felt sexier, more wicked, and ready to flash when not wearing panties. In readiness to flash her red, trimmed pussy, Sarah removed her panties and stuffed them in her purse, too. In the way that Gwen and Sharon loved flashing men their panties, Sarah and Valerie loved flashing men their naked pussies.
Their flashing uniforms of choice were clothes that were easy to give men up-skirt peeks of their panties or their naked pussies and down-blouse views of their cleavages, their bras, and/or their naked breasts. Whether they flashed their panties, their naked pussies, their bras, or their naked breasts, their flashing uniforms of choice were short skirts and sheer, low-cut blouses. Whether flashing their naked breasts, their panties, or their naked pussies, sometimes, when given the opportunity, they flashed both.
Before flashing their bras and cleavage, they loosened their bra straps. By loosening their bra straps, when they leaned forward while wearing a low-cut top with their low-cut bras, their bras moved forward with them. They gave admiring men not only a flash of their cleavage and bras but also a good look of their areolas and nipples. As if the women weren't even wearing bras, men could see most of the size and the shape of their naked breasts. More than any other part of their sexy bodies, women loved flashing their naked tits and men loved seeing their naked tits.
When flashing men their panties, giving their legs a shapelier look, all four women wore high heeled shoes with their short skirts. Putting on a fresh pair of panties before leaving the house, Gwen and Sharon wore bright white, bikini panties. As soon as they sat in a chair at the shoe store, unless they crossed their legs, no matter how ladylike they sat, they'd be flashing their panty clad pussies to the shoe salesman.
With their white panties sheer and nearly transparent, as soon as they sat in a chair, they'd be flashing the darker shadow of their pubic hair, their pussy mound, their camel toe, and their pussy slits. As usually was the case, the shoe salesmen would be fighting over who would wait on them. Not shyly subtle or demure in their flashing, the two, professional, shoe salesmen didn't stand a chance against these two, professional, exhibitionistic women. With the salesmen distracted while staring, flashing their panties or their naked pussies always allowed them to get the best and immediate shoe service.
Not having to pretend that they were shopping to buy a pair of new shoes, they were always shopping for, looking at, and buying shoes. Taking their time while waiting for other women to leave the store so as to receive the shoe salesman's full attention, Gwen and her sister perused the shoe store. Sharon picked a pair of navy-blue, high heels and Gwen chose a pair of calf high, brown boots. Both women intentionally chose footwear that were a size too small. Their panty flashing show began as soon as they were seated and the salesman approached them to offer them his assistance.
With their skirts already raised to mid-thigh and their knees parted enough for him to see a triangular patch of white between their thighs, when walking towards the women, his eyes darted from their faces to their panties. They both had long, shapely legs that were made strong from dancing, skating, swimming, cycling, running, and playing tennis. Controlling himself from staring and leering at all that he could see of the women's sexy lingerie and all that they were deliberately flashing him, he smiled at the two women.
"How may I help you, ladies?"
If only he knew they were no ladies, wouldn't he be surprised? If only he knew that they were ready to deliberately flash him their panty clad pussies, what would he say? Gwen handed the salesman the boot she took from the display.
"I'd like to see these in a size 8," she said even though she took a size 9.
The twenty-something-year-old salesman accepted the boot from Gwen without question or suggestion. He noted the style, color, and size before returning the boot to the display. Normally, even when women know their sizes, a routine of habit, he'd measure their foot but with them already flashing him, already preoccupied staring at all that he could see of their panties, he seemed nervous around them. Obviously, they were sexually exciting him enough to make him uncomfortable. Unable to help himself, he looked more than once at Gwen's and at Sharon's exposed panties.
"I'll check in back to see if we have these in this style, color, and size," he said giving one last glimpse of Gwen's panties while discreetly adjusting his growing cock with his hand.
Sharon handed the salesman the high heel shoe she took from the display.
"I'd like to try these on in a size 8," she said even though she took a size 9.
In the way he looked at Gwen's exposed panties, he looked at Sharon's exposed panties, too. Again, without question and/or suggestion, he accepted the shoe from her and noted the style, color, and size. He returned the shoe to the display before disappearing in back.
"I'll check in back to see if we have these in this style, color, and size," he said giving Sharon's panties one, last look and Gwen's panties one, last look before giving them a nervous, little smile.
He acted as if he had never seen a flash of women's panties before. Of course, he had seen panties but, no doubt, he had seen the panties of women his age. These were mature women, women who were old enough to be his mother. They were both MILFs, mothers he'd like to fuck. He disappeared in the backroom while the women waited for him to return. They stood and continued to perusing the shoe store and shopping for shoes.
# # #
While the first salesman remained in back checking to find boots for Gwen and high heel shoes for Sharon, Sarah and Val nonchalantly entered the store talking while walking. In the way that Gwen and Sharon perused the shoe store, Sarah and Val perused the store, too. With them not married and not having any children but for Sharon with her married son, with them all having plenty of extra money to spend, they all had an extensive, shoe collection.
The women made their selections from the shoe displays and, acting as if they didn't know one another, they took seats across from their Gwen and Sharon on the other side of the store. As if they were morally modest women instead of flagrant exhibitionists, while talking about their shoe selection, both women sat with their legs crossed as the salesman approached them. In the way that Gwen and Sharon had long, shapely legs, Sarah and Val had long, shapely legs, too.
Watching their weight, dieting, and exercising, none of the women looked their age. Even though Val, Sharon, and Gwen were in their forties, by staying fit and wearing flattering clothes, they looked ten-years younger. Even Sarah looked more like a twenty-something-year-old than she looked like a thirty-something-year-old. Yet, sometimes, no matter what women do to stay fit and look younger, it's in the genes. Some people, no matter how much they diet and exercise, can't lose a pound. Obviously, their predisposition, the four women were genetically given to have sexy and shapely bodies.
"How may I help you today, ladies," asked the second, shoe salesman?
He looked from Val to look at Sarah. Sarah smiled up at the man in readiness to flash him her naked pussy. He'd soon know that neither of the women were wearing panties. He'd soon know that neither of the women were (ahem) ladies.
"I'd like to try these on in a size 7 ½," said Sarah giving him her correct size.
She handed him the shoe while slowly and seductively uncrossing her shapely legs. Then, once she had his attention, she parted her knees enough for him to see a flash of her red, trimmed pussy. In the way that Gwen had flashed the first, shoe salesman her panties, Sarah flashed the second, shoe salesman her naked pussy.
Sarah slowly and sexually seductively crossed her legs again when Val handed him her shoe, too.
"I'd like to try these on in a size 9," said Val giving him her correct size, too.
Yet, with the salesman an older and more experienced salesman, making sure they gave him their right size, somehow knowing that he would, he decided to measure their feet. As if he was a gynecologist ready to do a gynecological exam, he pulled up a low stool and sat eye level with Sarah's knees. Yet, instead of spreading their knees wide, as if he was a podiatrist instead of a gynecologist, he was more interested in their feet than he was interested in their vulvas, vaginas, and/or panties. That is, until he realized that neither women were wearing panties.
"Let me just double check your size," he said gently lifting Sarah's foot from her ankle and taking her foot in hand to place it on the Brannock foot-measuring device.
As if she was Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct, Sarah slowly and seductively uncrossed her legs again. As soon as the shoe salesman lifted her foot to size her, she stealthily parted her knees wider and lifted the hem of her skirt higher. As soon as he lifted her foot and she parted her knees wider, her short skirt moved even higher up her leg.
No doubt, from the low angle where he was sitting, he had the perfect up-skirt view of her naked pussy. No doubt, from the low angle where he was sitting, he could see Sarah's naked, red, trimmed pubic hair, her naked, camel toe, and her naked, pussy slit. No doubt, from how he was seated, he could clearly see the entirety of her naked cunt. As if he had something in his eye, as his pretense for looking longer and harder, he rubbed his eye while staring in between Sarah's thighs.
Going from one to the other, the salesman moved his stool from Sarah to Val. As if she was deliberately flashing him her brown, bushy, naked pussy, and she was, as if she was wading in water, Val raised the sides of her short skirt while parting her knees. Then, when he lifted her foot to fit her, as if she was a drunken woman sitting on a subway train, she separated her knees much wider.
Even after seeing and staring at Sarah's naked, red, trimmed pussy, he stared at Val's naked, brown, bushy pussy, too, as if he had never seen naked pussies before. Blatantly obvious, both women were incorrigible in flashing him their naked pussies. Blatantly obvious, both women wanted to show him their naked cunts as much as he obviously wanted to see their naked cunts.
No doubt, in his job as a shoe salesman, he had seen lots of naked pussies. Not every woman wears panties. Not every woman is careful how they sit when wearing a short skirt with or without underwear. Not every woman is modestly moral. Some women who enjoy flashing their panties or their naked pussies to unsuspecting men use the shoe store as their chosen location to flash unsuspecting men.
When the first salesman returned with the boots and shoes, first trying to fit Gwen and then trying to fit Sharon, he struggled to get them on their feet. As if helping him to fit them and as their excuse to continue to flash him their sheer panties, Gwen and Sharon lifted their leg higher while parting their knees wider. They gave the first shoe salesman a good, long look of their bright white, sheer, bikini panties for him to have a noticeable erection in his pants. Immediately realizing the footwear was too small, he measured their feet and returned with the correct sizes.
As if following a well-rehearsed routine, in the way that Gwen and Sharon had done, Sarah and Val lifted their foot higher while parting their knees wider as their short skirts climbed higher. In the way that the first salesman had the perfect up-skirt peek of Gwen's and Sharon's panties, the second salesman had the perfect up-skirt view of Sarah's and Val's naked pussies. As if the salesman was the prince fitting the glass slipper on Cinderella's foot, the shoes fit them perfectly. Now, sexually satisfied with their flashing and content with their footwear purchases, the women left the shoe store.
# # #
Pretending to not to know one another, they walked single file while maintaining their distances. Having flashed unsuspecting men many times before, they all knew where they were headed next and what they were going to do. The perfect place to flash their panty clad asses, or in the case of Sarah and Val, their naked asses and the back of their naked pussies, all four women headed for the escalator. They enjoyed playing the innocent victims while the men standing behind them up-skirted them.
Waiting their turn, as soon as she saw two, cute, young men heading for the escalator, stepping in front of them, Gwen was first to step on the stairs. With the men directly behind her but too close for her to flash them all that she wanted them to see, she climbed a few steps ahead of them. Then, feigning that there was something wrong with her shoe, she leaned forward at the waist while reaching her hand down to adjust her shoe. She was well aware that she was giving the two men standing behind her the perfect up-skirt view of her panties.
Not waiting for the rest of the women, they all knew where Gwen was going next. She headed for the last women's clothing store, the only one that still had sliding curtains across their dressing rooms instead of doors. The perfect place to flash men what they all wanted and hoped to see of women undressing, the only issue was that this was a women's clothing store. The only men there were men with their wives or girlfriends. Yet, with the bored men waiting outside the dressing rooms for their women, they were a captive audience for her to give them a revealing, striptease show.
Even better than shoe stores, women who are exhibitionists know that curtained dressing rooms are some of the best places to flash. They also know that instead of slowly and carefully pulling the curtain across to block the view of voyeuristic men, that if they quickly launch the curtain across the pole, the curtain will bunch up enough to leave a peek-a-boo opening at the end. Pretending that she was unaware that the curtain wasn't completely closed, she started undressing. It's amazing how many men of all ages will nonchalantly stand by the opening while waiting for their wives or girlfriend to watch Gwen undress.
Before entering the dressing room, limited to only six items, she quickly grabbed a couple of dresses her size, a couple of bras, and a couple of bikinis and headed for the fitting room. Obviously, she couldn't wait to undress. She couldn't wait to show the men standing outside of her dressing room all that they wanted to see. She was eager to give the men waiting for their wives or girlfriends a slow and sexy striptease show of her underwear clad, topless, and naked body.
She watched through the mirror to see who was standing outside the dressing room waiting for the wives or girlfriends while they pretended that they weren't watching her undress. Without them knowing that she was watching them ogling her undressing, she slowly and seductively unbuttoned her blouse to reveal her bra and cleavage. She removed her blouse and hung it on the hook. Then, reaching behind her, she unhooked and removed her bra. Even when she wasn't turned to face them while acting preoccupied with her brassiere, exposed from all angles, they could still see her naked breasts in the dressing room mirror.
She was topless. While hiding behind the nearly closed curtain, as long as they stood at an angle and by the opening, her naked D cup breasts were in plain view of anyone looking. Taking her time while looking at her topless form, while acting oblivious to those looking, she stared at herself in the mirror while turning one way before turning the other way. She was giving the audience of waiting voyeuristic men quite the exhibitionistic show of her naked breasts.
She tried on one bra before removing that bra to try on the next bra. Back and forth, as if trying to decide which bra to buy, she removed one bra to try on the other. Then, while still topless, she unbuttoned and unzipped her short skirt and allowed it to fall to the floor along with her morals and her modesty. Dressed in only panties, she leaned to pick up her skirt, folded it, and placed it on the seat before sliding down her panties. Some women don't remove their underwear when trying on bathing suits but Gwen did.
She wasn't there to buy a bathing suit. Making it seem that they were the perverts and not her, she was there to sexually tease men by flashing them all that they hoped and wanted to see of her naked breasts, her naked ass, and her naked pussy. Her special way to make her feel younger and sexually wanted, flashing men her naked body was how she wanted to celebrate her 42nd birthday. The perfect place to flash, with just a thin piece of material between her and them, she stood in the dressing room naked because she was an exhibitionist and they were voyeurs.
While naked, she continued turning one way and turning the other way to look at herself in the mirror. Now, after giving the men a show of her naked breasts, she gave them a show of her naked ass, her naked pussy, and the entirety of her naked body. The men watching her were never so happy going shopping with their wives and girlfriends. No doubt, they'll be masturbating tonight and telling their friends about Gwen flashing them today, tomorrow.
By the time Gwen was naked, Sharon, Sarah, and Val were already in dressing rooms on both sides of her. In the way that Gwen grabbed two dresses, two bras, and two bikinis to try on, they all did too. In the way that Gwen quickly swooshed the curtain across the pole to leave an opening at the end of the curtain for the men to view the women undressing, they swooshed the curtain with speed and alacrity, too. In the way that Gwen was naked and exposing herself to admiring men, they were all naked and exposing themselves to admiring men, too.
As if these four dressing rooms were reserved for them, most women didn't want to walk the length of the store to use this particular fitting room. Because they were the least crowded and with bored men happening upon them, they always used these four dressing rooms to sexually flash and erotically tease men. Besides, the walls on both sides of the store had eight dressing rooms on each side. Twenty dressing rooms were plenty enough to accommodate any and all woman who wanted to try on clothes.
# # #
Now that it was lunchtime, the next stop was the food court. Before sitting in their chairs, they all hiked up their already short skirts and spread their knees enough for those men looking to see all that they hoped and wanted to see between their legs. Gwen and Sharon exposed their white panties and Sarah and Valerie exposed their naked pussies to the men sitting close by while having their lunch.
So as not to get in one another's line of view, instead of sitting directly across from one another, they moved their chairs askew. Now, every voyeuristic man had a clear view of these exhibitionistic women. It was fun watching the men changing their seats from one table to the next while jockeying in position to see the upskirt views of one woman or the other.
Tired from a day of shopping and flashing, they headed home to ready themselves for Val's birthday gift to Gwen, the wet T-shirt contest. Deciding not to compete, since Val was the oldest of the group, she volunteered to watch everyone's personal possessions while Gwen, Sharon, and Sarah competed in the wet T-shirt contest. Besides, there was no way that she could win a wet T-shirt contest with her modest B cup breasts against Sarah's perky C cup breasts and Gwen and Sharon's huge D cup breasts, and all of the other women who were half her age.
Having competed and won wet T-shirt contests before in Daytona, Indianapolis, Miami, Cancun, Key West, and Jamaica, Gwen, Sharon, and Sarah already had personalized, T-shirts to wear in the contest. Unlike most women who wore men's loosely fitting, T-shirts tied in a knot at the bottom, the three women wore their custom made, form fitting, totally transparent, cotton T-shirts with their names in bold red letters above their breasts. Already having an edge with their experience competing in wet T-shirt contests, they not only knew what to wear but also how to wear it and what to provocatively do when wearing it.
Their tailor-made, wet T-shirts clung to their bodies like a second skin. Their tailor-made, wet T-shirts not only showed the impressions of their erect nipples but also showed their symmetrical areolas too. When wet, as if they were topless, the sheer transparency of the thin, white cotton material showed the size and the shape of their big breasts. With many communities having nudity laws, they were basically topless without breaking the law.
Wet T-shirt contests were inspired by the 1977 movie, The Deep, with Jacqueline Bassett wearing a wet T-shirt without a bra. One of the last, few, wet T-shirt contests around the country, the #MeToo movement single-handedly put wet T-shirt contests out of business. Val was able to score four tickets to one of the last wet T-shirt venues around but only needing three tickets, she decided to hang up her wet T-shirt and not compete.
With hundreds of men in the audience cheering for their favorite of one of more than twenty women to win the wet T-shirt contest, Gwen, Sharon, and Sarah where a shoo-in when they started making out with one another. Stealing the wet T-shirt show after a few of the younger, prettier, and sexier women were disqualified for removing their tops, the police were there ready to enforce the nudity laws. The panel of three judges were ready to pick the winners.
"First prize with this trophy and five-hundred-dollars goes to Gwen," said the judge holding up the trophy for the crowd to see while handing Gwen a check for five-hundred-dollars. "Second prize with this trophy and two-hundred-fifty-dollars goes to Sharon," said the judge holding up the trophy for the crowd to see while handing Sharon a check for two-hundred-fifty-dollars. "Third prize with this trophy and one-hundred-dollars goes to Sarah," said the judge holding up the trophy for the crowd to see while handing Sarah a check for one-hundred-dollars.
# # #
Continuing to flash, the four women flashed their bodies everywhere they went and wherever they traveled. Never retiring as exhibitionists, whether in restaurants, in hotels, at the mall, or in their car on the highway, they flashed. Whether flashing up-skirt peeks of the panties or naked pussies, or down-blouse views of their bras, cleavage, and/or naked breasts, they couldn't imagine never flashing again.
The End