Copyright©PennameWombat November 2020
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is part 5 of "Chronicle: Mel and Chris," which began in "Chronicle" Mel & Chris" and continued in parts 1-4 of the same title. If you haven't read them I hope you'll be interested in Chris and Mel's 'origin story' in the trilogy that begin in "Mel's Phone Call" and continued in "Mel's Phone Call, Part 2" and "Mel's Phone Call, Part 3," all in 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur Stories.'
Our core cast of characters were introduced there. New characters have arrived here and you might also find my 'Geek Pride' series of interest (initial entry, 'You Promised Me Geeks' in Non-Human) as their characters are likely to drop by here now and again (and vice-versa) as well as others and their stories in "A Tale of Two Parties," "Adrift in Space" and "Chasing Robes & Shadows."
Tags: Alien, Anal Sex, College, Cunnilingus, Fellatio, FFM, First Time, Exhibitionist, Swallowing, Vibrator
*****
Mel's Phone Call -- part 8

Veronica

[March 2, 1986]

Chris

"Hey, Veronica," Chris said to the brunette about to enter Crown Burgers, she stopped and turned, smiled, "wait up."
She'd kept her jeans but had switched out her sweater for a button-down shirt that was tight around her chest with a slight diamond-shaped gap between two done-up buttons and a light jacket over it and had released her long, brown hair from the ponytail. She held a cloth carry-all by the straps and lifted it slightly.
"Hey, Chris, Mel, I have—-,"
"Inside," Mel said quickly, Veronica's round face froze for a moment before she shrugged and reached behind to hold the door and they stepped quickly to follow her into the restaurant.
"Ok, Chris," Veronica looked across the booth table at her classmate's brown eyes before she turned slightly to give the horned Mel a long and hungry gaze, "now I know why every damn guy in the department hates your guts."
"Except Roger," Chris said with a laugh, Mel smiled but munched on her burger.
"Except Roger," Veronica agreed, "why you get unlimited quotas on computer time and file space..."
"But, Roger covers all of the systems, not just our department's computers, so maybe he doesn't quite count. So yeah. All of them."
"Even the gay guys," the brunette said and shook her head and she looked around, there was an empty booth both behind the couple and no one at nearby tables but she lowered her voice, "this isn't the first time you two fucked in the lab, is it?"
"Maybe once... or twice... or...," Mel rasped in a low and slow voice, "a few times. And the seminar room. And the showers in the mechanical engineering section. And the faraday cage in electrical engineering."
"And the roof," Chris said as Veronica stared at each of them in turn with her mouth in broad 'O.'
"At least not in the nuke reactor's control room in the basement," Veronica said, "I mean, if you bumped something..."
"Well," Chris drawled, "it's a very small reactor. Would be only a tiny meltdown."
"Oh, shit. When the hell do you two study?"
"I'm in the dorms most nights," Mel said and nodded her head at Chris, "plenty of time when this sex-crazed maniac isn't pawing at me."
A round of laughs and everyone took a moment to work on their burgers and the large shared plate of onion rings. Veronica's eyes glanced at Chris but mostly focused on Mel's coal black eyes or tits that were clearly unconstrained in a thin and tight but opaque grey long-sleeved thermal top with occasional glances to the red-black horns in the wild tangle of hair as black as her eyes.
"Now, that decided," Veronica's face adopted a more serious look, "what the hell is this thing between my legs?"
She dipped her head quickly.
My head?" Mel offered with a deep and raspy voice.
The busty brunette let out a quick and soft grunt and fought a smile.
"Stop distracting me! What the hell is this thing?"
Chris and Mel looked at each other and Chris shrugged and smiled softly at Veronica.
"It's an alien computer full of alien technology files I'm posting on the internet."
Mel nodded and Veronica's eyes blinked rapidly behind her stylish black-framed glasses.
"That's why we were there today," Chris continued, "super-advanced semiconductors, amazing AI code, quantum computer designs... posted it on comp.hardware and comp.ai.lang. There's a fusion reactor design, but didn't post that yet. And more. The fucking was a fringe benefit. Mel likes it from behind watching alien computers count down to zero."
Veronica's expression maintained its disbelief as Mel caught her tongue between her lips and nodded in confirmation.
"Their zero looks pretty well like ours," Mel said, "except it has a horizontal cross in it."
Veronica held up a hand. "I poked at it, nothing. I mean, it looks neat as hell, but..."
"Only works for us," Chris said softly and he glanced quickly to his right at the plate glass, "it's... paranoid. Other aliens are looking for it and it doesn't want to be found."
"Other... aliens?"
"That's why we asked you to take it, Veronica," Mel said softly with minimal rasp, "they were waiting for us in the parking lot. Wanted it."
"They LOOK like humans," Chris added, "but they're not."
"Anyways," Veronica managed after staring for a few seconds at each of the pair across from her and her upper body shifted and Chris felt the bag and shifted it so it settled between his legs, "have it back."
Chris sucked on his straw and didn't comment on Veronica's avoidance of the alien mention. She looked at him for a few moments and had a soft smile before she turned slightly and her gaze dropped to Mel's chest. The demon squared her shoulders and the shapes of her erect nipples were clear through the thin cloth of her shirt.

Veronica

"Yummm," Veronica moaned as she ran her tongue the length of the tasty and dripping slit above her as rivulets of demon juice ran down that tongue and dripped onto her cheeks. She jerked with a full body spasm as a different tongue matched her lick and a soft mechanical whine accompanied the expert touch of the vibrator on her hungry clit that had struggled to absorb everything this insane pair had so far given it.
But it still wanted more.
She felt a touch on her forehead and opened her eyes as her crotch unclenched when Mel's touches settled her on a high plateau in readiness for the next ascent. Testicles. Nuts. Balls. Boy parts. Ones she'd always found... ugly. She'd be hard pressed to differentiate these from any others... but. She moved her tongue to press against the hard flesh as the erect shaft above slowly retreated from its cozy temporary home.
She didn't like boys, as a rule. Well. She did. She had plenty of 'boy' friends, which was good because her chosen major and eventual career path didn't offer even fifty-fifty gender balance. But the few 'boyfriends' had been mistakes. She'd had sex with a couple. It had never been worth the hassle.
Until tonight.
That Mel's fingers and tongue were talented ran through the brunette's mind as she felt them work her pussy, her clit. The girl, the demon, was crazy good.
But.
She looked again at the cock and balls that loomed above her. She'd always suspected the body they were connected to was... excellent.
It was.
The 'bruise' that left the tracery of lines on his chest had apparently happened at soccer, which Veronica had trouble believing, and around six months earlier. Which made it even more amazing that it would still be there. How?
Then again, they had an alien computer. And his mouth had brought her to as shattering a climax as she'd ever had.
And this Mel, the demon whose existence had an element of myth about it around the CS department, hadn't let Veronica's body relax after that first climax. Veronica's hips humped as the demon worked her, the brunette wondered how long she could last before her heart gave out.
She'd fought down the discomfort from their 'story' about the alien computer. She'd check the Internet forums tomorrow, see if the postings were there.
She'd also understood why the guys who'd met this Mel had such stories. The girl was... a force of nature. She'd always liked Chris, as a classmate and 'boy' friend, but had never felt an urge to take it to another level and hadn't felt more than camaraderie from him.
But this Mel. From that moment she'd seen the horned presence in the lab, naked from the waist down except for these ankle socks which were still on, the tank top that exposed more than it covered... yes, that had made her pussy hungry. It'd been a lean winter, sex wise, arguments about meeting one another's families at Christmas had done in her last relationship, with a dirty blonde fine arts major she'd met at an autumn jazz concert and only her fingers and her own vibrator had replaced it.
Veronica had also realized she'd seen Mel. The brunette played on a 'D' league coed intramural volleyball team. Really, volleyball was simply their justification for beers and pizzas or burgers after! She'd noticed one February evening her match was unusually scheduled immediately after 'A' league women's volleyball and she'd arrived early to compare to her team's level.
It wasn't the same sport as her team played. It was only in the lab earlier today she'd realized that the tall girl with the black ponytail and the curves and muscles and skimpier than necessary shorts and running bra had been Mel. The lack of horns and no tail, items prominent in the mythology about the girl, hadn't aided recognition, the girl had just been one of many tall, attractive girls. Watching the four teams in the side-by-side games she'd been awestruck by the synchrony of movement. And the mass of long, long toned legs on view... Veronica had rubbed herself raw once she'd made it to bed.
And Chris. The couple had slowly stripped her when they'd arrived at Chris's place, an amazing two-story house off the student housing beaten track and costing less for each of them than she paid each month. She'd pried, some sort of family arrangement of housemates, she'd met one who'd looked familiar but she had trouble placing her. But the coincident arrival of that one's redheaded girlfriend had confirmed it, the housemate was in ChemE and Veronica had eyed her around the building comp sci shared with the other engineering disciplines and she'd suffered a short pang of jealousy when this redhead had come by to meet this Teresa.
And her place was... nowhere this nice. And had nowhere this quality of housemates. If she or Donna didn't murder the other in their sleep before graduation it'd be a miracle. She had a 'real' job lined up to start after the Fourth of July and she wouldn't need to split the rent anymore. June couldn't come fast enough.
Chris had massaged her while Mel had kissed and licked her tits and mouth and pussy. He was good. Very good. She'd tried to return the favors but both had been quicksilver, she'd gotten in little more than quick touches. Those tits were... amazing. Not as big as her own, but not small. They defied every law of physics and laughed at gravity. Bitch.
But the biggest surprise had been when Chris had buried his face into her crotch while Mel licked and sucked and caressed breasts and nipples larger but softer than the demon's. A couple of the guys in her short-lived hetero relationships had tried what Chris was doing. Stopping them had been mercy kills.
Chris had left her panting and sweaty, a gush of cum had soaked his sheets. She hadn't cared, not her laundry to do. But it'd been a minute, two minutes, before she'd come to her senses and saw the naked couple in a standing clinch and kissing hard as their hands worked each other. They'd turned and faced her as she stared at those incredible tits.
And a cock. It stood out from the young man's body and shook and quivered with his movement. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. It looked like others... didn't it?
"Ah, good, you're still alive," Veronica hadn't believed that the freshman girl's voice, any voice, could manage such a level of deep sensual raspiness that caused her still throbbing clit to jerk again, "now you need to pay a debt."
She'd smiled and nodded. She hadn't known what the payment would be but if more orgasms like that were in store... she'd pay.
"Spin around," the rasp had insisted, Veronica had delayed a moment as the demon, naked but for horns and ankle socks, and perfect, no, beyond perfect tits with extremely hard nipples that jutted from them, trimmed black landing strip, spun her hands. She looked at Mel's, Chris's, taut abs, the former's not quite six pack shape, the latter's clear, then at her own... somewhat softer tummy. The demon's ass was not... nonexistent. Her own was, rounder, softer. But the demon's. Firm. Round. Yummy. But she'd known that from the lab. She'd been wet almost instantly and had masturbated when she'd gotten home, before meeting this pair for dinner. She hadn't been certain then if she'd truly intended to end up here but now? Yes. She'd wanted this but the final decision had come only later.
She'd obeyed and switched to put her head at the foot of the bed. Wasn't yet sure what 'this' would be.
Mel had leaned and an upside down mouth had met hers as two pairs of hands went for two sets of breasts. Each mouth had kissed the neck, chest, nipples, stomach as the younger woman crawled onto the bed and each part went past before she had the front row views as his cock intruded itself into Mel's slit.
The demon's attentions to Veronica's crotch and the distraction of Chris fucking the pussy above her face had caused her to not pay proper attention to her duties. She'd felt she'd not properly returned the favor, but the waves that emanated from her own cunt forced her further into that debt.
And now. She'd heard... what she thought was a laugh from Mel as hot breath hit her gooey pussy as the demon had urged Chris to pull his cock completely from her lovely flesh. A cock covered with the delicious goo that covered her lips and face.
"C'mon," the rasped instruction gave no quarter, "taste it."
She opened her mouth and Chris pushed the cock into her mouth. The taste of the demon's cum was strong and immediate and combined with Chris's sweat, a combination she'd never expected to experience. She tightly wrapped the cock with her lips at halfway, more was beyond her at the moment.
For now. Practice. She'd had... little. The cock didn't seem to mind and pulled back before she used her tongue to encourage it in.
"Urrgghhh," forced its way out when the combination of vibrator and tongue on her crazed clit caused her to jerk and the large head at the end of the erect shaft forced its way into her throat. Where it stayed for a moment before it slowly pulled back then left her mouth completely to allow her to take a first, a second then a third deep breath. She heard Chris laugh softly and he redirected his cock back to the demon's wet slit and shoved it in fast enough he pushed her forward and Veronica found testicles in her face.
She laughed and sucked one in and he twitched slightly as she worked her tongue against the hard sphere and the crinkly skin that surrounded it. She bent her neck to lick and caress the ball as he pulled back and slammed his cock home again. The taste was different, more of sweat, only the hint of the tang of Mel's cunt juices. She'd never expected to suck a man's balls.
But here she was. In a sixty-nine with the hottest and horniest freshman demon on campus while the boyfriend fucked that freshman and the freshman worked the ball-sucker to another climax.
Holy shit. Veronica wished she had an imagination half this twisted for all of those lonely masturbation sessions the last few months!
The flesh sack popped free as she gasped when another spasm flowed outward from her crotch across her entire body. She felt the body above her press down as her thighs and back flexed to lift her off the bed. They failed.
"Aaahhhhh... fuck... you... bitch... aaahhhh!" Her locked muscles finally relented and she slid slightly so her head lolled just off the bed and her mouth fell open so she could suck in air. She felt the solidity of Chris's thighs bracket her head and twisted to kiss firm and sweaty flesh. She opened her eyes and saw the balls. The cock was hidden between puffy pink lips but Chris stood still.
"Hey," it was a raspy order from somewhere far away, "ready to pay your debts?"
The balls bounced as she sensed Chris had caught something tossed by the demon's right hand. A gap opened above her prone body.
"Slide up a bit," the rasp ordered and Veronica squirmed to place her mouth at the perfect position to pay that debt and the demon's right hand slid into the gap, "and don't be afraid to use this."
It was the little vibrator. She bent her left elbow and took it, explored, found the twist and it hummed. She applied it to the prominent clit and the hips above her shimmied then she watched the cock emerge and pop free. She kept the vibe lightly applied around flesh as she swirled her tongue around the head of that cock and savoured the tangy taste.
She let out a light 'mew' when the cock pulled out of her reach. But those hips shimmied again to remind her that taste was available directly. She watched Chris pop open a small, plastic bottle and he smeared the contents onto his prick. He redid the cap and tossed it onto the bed then shifted.
'Why would he need that,' was Veronica's thought, 'she couldn't be wetter...'
Then she knew.
She heard a long and low moan as he quickly pushed his lubed cock into the demon's ass. He didn't stop until it was fully buried and those balls bounced against flesh.
"Fuckin... hell," Veronica said, "I've never seen..."
"You need to get out more," Chris said and Mel shimmied her ass again.
"Your tongue is needed, courier of mercy," the rasp caused Veronica's brutalised clit to twitch without being touched. The memory of what the tongue issuing that order had done to her ran through her mind and she snorted.
Veronica used every trick, every touch she'd learned or read about. Or seen in those... those movies. She'd worked the fingers of her free hand into Mel's pussy, felt each passage of the cock in and out of the girl's back entrance. Used the toy while her tongue vibrated along with it on the clit and traced lips opened by fingers before it dove deep to revel in the taste and felt the rapid passage of the cock back and forth in the girl's colon.
Finally. She felt the twitches of the girl's flesh and felt hot breath against her crotch, the tops of her thighs, fingers danced lightly on her own clit. She was pretty sure the girl wasn't... normal. But even demons have to have tells. She pressed home the electric toy and worked fingers against hard flesh inside as Chris slammed his cock home.
Veronica gasped and spluttered as a hot stream forced its way past her fingers and broke against her face and forced its way up her nose. She had a moment's respite before Chris plunged deep and another blast soaked Veronica's face and chest and hair. She thought she heard laughter in stereo as she coughed and gasped and blew sticky liquid out of her nose as the body on top of hers rippled. She squirmed so her head was just clear and turned sideways and snorted and blew more more goo onto these sheets. She offered her own laugh at that.
"Boy cum," the rasp that controlled Veronica's very being said, "get ready!"
"Wha...," she blinked her eyes open and through a slightly stinging film saw Chris pull his cock from the body above her before that body moved. Rapidly. And it suddenly knelt on the floor alongside the still prone Veronica. Hands went to the slick cock.
Demonic hands.
'Oh... wha...,' ran through the comp sci coed's mind. She opened her mouth to breathe as goo still clogged her nose.
Chris grunted as a new stream of hot and sticky liquid flew across Veronica's face, some of it even hit her tongue. The second shot was well-aimed and for the first time in her life she had a mouthful of boy cum.
Her friends were right, kinda. It was a bit... salty. She closed her mouth and eyes and swallowed quickly. When she opened her eyes the cock's head hovered at her lips. She looked past, saw the horns. And the grin. She opened her mouth and a hand guided a third of the cock into her mouth before it let loose one then a second blast before it dribbled even more cum onto her tongue. She held her breath and kept it in her throat for a moment before she reached up and found Chris's taut buttock and nudged him forward.
"That's it, lover," her controller said and Veronica willed saliva and washed the boy cum down her throat as the cock followed it. Those balls landed on her forehead then the bridge of her nose. Finally she tapped out and it stopped.
"Very impressive for a rookie," the voice of demonic approval offered before Veronica started to gag and the cock retreated slowly and she gasped when it left her. She opened her eyes and watched that demon suck the cock fully into her mouth and wink at her, hold it for a few seconds then release it.
Mel's hand reached and took one of hers and Chris took the one that was on his hip. They pulled her and she moved to sit cross-legged on the bed. Sweat and cum dripped from her cheeks and down her chin and landed on her tits and she blinked it out of her eyes, felt her hair glued to her shoulders and back with more of that cum and sweat. Chris leaned over and lightly held her cheeks and kissed her, after a second she grabbed his still-stiff cock with one hand and threw the other around his shoulders and pulled him closer while her lips opened wide and her tongue attacked fiercely. The defense was vigorous. Her head tilted forward as her opponent disappeared and was replaced an instant later by a new tongue, this one took advantage of her slight surprise to gain an initial advantage before hers organised its counterattack. She continued to grip the cock tightly but her other hand found a hugely erect nipple. The battle was in the balance.
She was done in by the sudden surprise attack on her already overly-stimulated clit. She jumped and broke the kiss and moaned as a quick but hard orgasm shook her. She landed hard on the bed and opened her eyes with breathing that was fast and ragged. Mel squeezed one hand and Chris the other. They smiled at her and she simply stared. Finally Mel released her grip and slid toward the bookcase headboard.
"Holy hell," Veronica's voice was rough and breathy but her eyes were bright as she looked at Chris then turned slightly toward a kneeling Mel, "you almost drowned me, bitch! And that last touch..."
"We'll go in the bathroom and clean up a bit," the raspy instructions were softer, "if you're not ready to go home yet... and want to give that cock more of a workout..."
She slid the headboard open.
"We have supplies...," Veronica squinted, her glasses were on top of that headboard but her vision wasn't that poor, she saw condoms. And... ah, she saw singly-wrapped plastic cylindrical injectors. She looked at the beaming face beneath that ridiculous black mop and those horns then at her handsome classmate. She'd never hated sex with boys, it'd just been that she'd always enjoyed sex with girls more and boys had been blah. But. If her experiences had been like this... she might give boys a try again. Then a memory, unbidden. Senior year high school a few weeks before graduation, a back seat. She'd slapped the boy over his request, jumped back to the front seat. He'd dropped her at home and squealed off and they'd never spoken again.
"I'll use some of that foam," she pointed to one of the cylindrical injectors, "just in case. But... how about what he just did to you? I've never... done... it... but if you both..."
"We love virgins," the rasp was again deep and slow.
"Indeed we do," Chris's voice was even deeper. He reached out and Veronica took his hands and he led her off the bed and Mel followed and wrapped an arm around her and they guided her to the bathroom.

You Can't Choose Your Parents

[March 3, 1986]

Sam

"Hey, Aron, can you stay for a few minutes?"
He turned toward her and away from the cute coed with light brown hair who'd immediately put herself alongside him when Sam had dismissed the class.
"Sure, teach, need some help moving something?"
Sam saw the gold-irised eye wink and his long and wavy chocolate-brown hair shook with his nod. The brunette's quick glare at Sam made clear that 'competition' wasn't welcome. Sam didn't hide her preferences but she also didn't bring them up unless it was germane. And in a course on regional parasitology it wasn't. So she sighed slightly. Besides, Sam thought, it's not me she needs to worry about, it's a sorority girl named Brandi. Aron turned back and apparently mollified her, she smiled but her last glance at Sam wasn't quite neutral.
"Hope I didn't mess up any lunch plans," Sam said.
"Nah, she has a class right after this, I just walk with her a bit since I have an open period before my next class...," Aron offered a shrug.
"Has Brandi met her?"
Aron laughed. "Not likely the best idea. But, well, not just Saturday that one's not happy about."
"Oh?"
"I mentioned the dig?"
"Yeah, South Dakota over spring break? Sounds fun. Course, when I do field work I'm just picking up animal shit!"
"Each to our own. Asha's friend Tracy, her dad's on a dig, new T-Rex fossil. Opening up the site for the spring, so I'm going with her and her dad for the week."
"And Brandi's not going?"
"She and my sister rarely agree, but in this case..."
"Tracy's the little brunette, right? Cute? Petite? I think... Mel and Chris spent the night with her... and her friend. She went with us to breakfast the next morning. Kinda weird."
"My sister set that up. Deal they had," Aron shrugged, "if you want to tell them, according to my sister Tracy really, really enjoyed it. Anyway, what's up?"
"Those two maniacs brought some other chick home last night, some CS classmate of Chris's. They're... Anyway. Not moving anything today," Sam's voice started light-hearted but her tone dropped and made Aron's expression take a worried tint. Like him, she had an open slot in her schedule.
He'd glanced to make sure everyone had left.
"You okay, Sam? Bit of a crazy time Saturday night," he said, "you got word about Dave? Ribs aren't broken but pretty bruised."
"Yeah, his roommate said you'd called to let her know."
"My sister was nuts all day Sunday, she's probably still going off. Not sure who she wants to kill first, Anna or Mel. Or maybe Dave. He kept telling her he absolutely had to be there and it was all good."
"But his friend is dead..."
"He's sad, but he's happy he at least knows now. And, if that Anna's telling the truth, he's happy Peter was a bit of a hero. Of course, that just pisses my sister off more, since his friend also fucked Anna's brains out and fucked other aliens and Dave's happy about that too! Did I mention, she used to just talk about murdering me, now she plans to kill Mel and Anna too. At least she's promised to make my death quick. Can't say for those two..."
"She... can be a bit odd, can't she?"
"Yeah. But she's mostly mad at herself. It was her idea to give them the padlet. Dad hadn't used it or shown it to us or anything for years before they died, it has to be thirty, maybe fifty years old. After we found it in their stuff, I poked at it, never got it to do anything. Asha knew it would drive those two crazy trying to get it to work. Leave it to them to manage it."
"Chris says he thinks it feeds off of the resonance on that new RedFruit computer he and Mel's mom got her. Somehow charged it up. I think. But kind of my fault too. I was so hungover and Mel was running around half-naked as usual... I touched it and we saw that picture."
"What picture?"
Sam took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Then she reached into her backpack and pulled out a thin brown folder.
"When those two were jabbering about otters I tapped the damned thing and this picture came up. Well, after a bit, those idiots fussed with it to get it to work."
She pulled a Polaroid out of the folder and looked at the door. There was no session in this room immediately after her class finished and she'd often stayed and studied in the free hour she had before her own course. It was easier than taking the effort to pack up and go to her 'office,' a desk in a too-small basement room she shared with five other biology grad students.
"Mel said what really set Anna off was this. Asha said she knows about Anna..."
"That she's not human? Yeah, we know." Sam's inhaled breath caught. Instead of everyone agreeing with her that it was insane they all kept doing the opposite and saying that it made perfect sense.
She sighed and handed him the photo and he flipped it over. Two aliens, bipedal, reasonably human in proportions and with light brown hair on their heads that was cut short on both. Their noses were cat-like, their ears pointed. They wore beige one-piece overalls with short sleeves. The taller one had 'his' left arm across the shorter one's shoulders and her left elbow bent to hold his hand, 'she' appeared to have breasts from the swell in her garment. Their skin that showed was pale and had striations that made different patterns. Their eyes were just larger than human eyes and somewhat oval but there were no whites. Both sets of eyes were golden in color and with pupils that weren't quite round and weren't quite slits.
"Shit...," he dragged the word out and trailed off so Sam barely heard the 't' at the end, she was about to speak in the silence when he spoke, his voice still low, "that's what they looked like. Yeah. That explains our eyes..."
One more week until finals week. Then spring break. Somewhere. Anywhere that didn't have elf aliens with cat noses. Or any aliens. But her new sigh was loud enough to pull Aron out of his absorption in the picture.
"Anna calls them the Golden Criminals, said they killed fifty of 'her people.'"
"Fifty?" Aron's eyes rose to meet hers for a moment as he spoke, she'd never seen him with this tinge of sadness. "We always wondered how many they'd killed... they never said."
Sam's breath caught again. Please, doesn't ANYONE else see how crazy this is?
"Those are your parents?" There. She'd asked. He looked at her, his eyes were definitely moist, which did more than any words he was about to use to convince her that it was the truth.
"Yes. And no," that wasn't the answer she expected.
"What... huh?"
He handed her the photo and pulled his wallet out of his pocket and opened it while she hid the picture in the folder and slipped that into her pack. He shuffled through and pulled out his own photo, this one wallet-size. Sam immediately recognized the two children, five, maybe six, as the crimson-haired Asha and her brother who stood in front of her.
"The Washington family, me and Asha had just started first grade. Mom's hair was pretty well the same color as yours, Sam," the redhead offered a nervous laugh as she looked at the picture and nodded, he was right, "her name was Janet. She was from Iowa."
"Lots prettier than me, Aron, and your dad. Very handsome..."
"Yeah, 'coffee and milk,' our nanny Genevieve always said. He was Fred. From Ohio."
That explained their latte skin tone. Sam had grown up around a number of multiracial kids and she'd always loved the wide range of skin tones at school, all of them darker than her pink. They could go out in the sun for more than five minutes!
"But, um, Ohio? Iowa? Did they somehow meet these two after they came to Earth? What happened to them?"
Aron took a deep breath.
"Sam, you sure you want to know? It's actually right down your alley."
"Huh?!? My alley? No, no I want that picture to not exist. Who's in it to not exist. This is a demon thing. Not me."
"It's about parasites."
Her mouth dropped open. The one word he could've used that wouldn't let her just walk away. Despite her reticence his comment did put this into her arena and her curiosity pushed her nerves down and her voice retreated from the growing waver that edged toward panic.
"Anna's people? Those two in the picture, and those up there?" He pointed up and she sniffed. She'd listened to Mel and Chris jabber for months and had been able to believe they were just nuts until... even until this past weekend.
"They're not the only aliens."
She blinked and then stared with her mouth again slightly open. His words were so sure, so simply stated any objections seemed impossible.
"Our parents were just... people," Aron said, "Janet was in LA, Fred in Ohio. Didn't even know each other. Then, well, they weren't them."
"That doesn't make any sense," Sam's voice again edged toward panic.
"There were aliens in their brains," Aron said before he pointed to her pack, "they'd been in those two gold-eyed aliens who are Anna's people, however they built her. Those two jumped. Somehow. They landed in Janet and Fred who were just humans minding their own business. Took over their bodies, changed them, became them. You know, like your parasites."
"Parasites...," Sam drawled, she'd never say she liked them but she respected them, their place in nature and the ever-evolving war between them and their hosts. That she'd made it the focus of her graduate work meant that few people made it past an initial 'what do you study?'
"Didn't tell us all that much but dad talked to me more than he or mom to Asha. Mom seemed to not care about the past and Asha has always been more like that, but dad worried, knew Anna's new bunch were on the way. They'd decided humans would be better hosts because, well, probably because humans aren't as advanced. Destroyed the first starship so they'd have time to hide here before Anna's crew arrived."
"Did, um, those two gold-eyed aliens come to Earth? How...," Sam's voice trailed to silence, she couldn't complete her thought.
"Those two in the picture? No. The parasite aliens somehow, just,jumped. Like a trematode that leaves one host and jumps into another. But from space when they went past."
Sam squinted at him and her mouth moved but she couldn't speak.
"They had knowledge from the two they were in so dad could work their computers and set up that padlet and mom knew about their nuclear reactor and sabotaged it. And we got our gold eyes, somehow."
"What... what about that pad thingie?"
"Padlet. They'd planned to sell the information on it, really advanced technology. But, well, dad had inherited a decent chunk and mom had learned about Hollywood so they did really well running the agency. They decided it would be too dangerous to sell the info, might expose themselves."
"Shit. And now my dumbass friends posted all of that technology on Chris's internet yesterday."
Aron's expression darkened. "They did that? So by now... the whole world's seen it. The aliens have to know they've done that."
"Mel said they met up with Anna, guess she knows. And they keep trying to point out these invisible flying balls that they claim watch them," Sam said then shrugged and Aron laughed mordantly before he replied.
"Anna's people have to think that those two that sabotaged their ship somehow made it to Earth. But Dave told us Mel and Chris told Anna and him they don't know who the 'Golden Criminals' were, where they got the padlet."
"Yeah," Sam nodded, "they didn't say anything about you and Asha."
He sighed. "Yeah, but she'll find out or figure it out eventually. What'll happen then?"
"It wasn't you two," Sam said softly, "that killed anybody."
"Let's hope the aliens with invisible satellites and spy balls and genetically-modified spies see it the same way," he said simply.

The Men in Black

[Spring break, 1986]

Chris

"Hi," Mel said just loudly enough to cause the two students who walked by on the sidewalk to look up at her and Chris as they sat on the third floor concrete ledge, "going into the building?"
The two young women both wore tee shirts and shorts on the unseasonably warm mid-March day and offered momentarily confused expressions before the darker-haired one smiled. She nodded and quickly pointed at the entrance twenty yards further on.
"Don't tell them we're up here," Mel said before she put her finger to her smiling lips and received broader smiles and nods and then waves that she and Chris returned before she lowered her voice, "pretty empty around here today."
"Hey, it is the first day of spring break," Chris said as their legs dangled from the third floor ledge on the Uni's Student Services building and they looked across campus, "and you finally listened to me about limiting your speed for when you hit the first jump."
They targeted this building because the architect had put the supporting struts, beams and columns external to the walls, a not unusual recent style. It made the building a common target of the 'obstacle running' hobby he'd picked up from some friends and had passed on to Mel. They normally limited their hobby to weekends and usually in the summer but they'd taken license with the glorious weather and a campus largely abandoned for the week and their current spot had a solid wall without windows behind them. An overhang the story above them was a balcony but without someone hanging over and down the ledge the couple would still be hidden.
"You can't believe everything my mother says about me," Mel's voice went raspier with each word before she chirped the second sentence, "I DO listen. Sometimes."
Chris had his left arm around her shoulders and pulled her close and they kissed slowly as Mel slid her hands along his bare left thigh and pressed against the cock constrained by his running shorts. He reached with his right hand to press against the round right breast through the tight fabric of her running bra and coaxed the nipple to make its presence more obvious.
At the sound of voices they broke the kiss and Chris moved his hand to her bare right thigh. She kept her hands high and the edge of her hand coaxed his cock to stiffen and he huffed but the young couple that approached them were deep in conversation and didn't notice the perched pair as they walked past.
"Why are we sitting here instead of being at some exotic location with your soccer team getting its ass kicked like last year in Guadalajara?" Mel's question offered a put upon chirpiness that Chris snorted at as they watched a few distant people sitting around the large fountain in front of the Uni's library. He shifted his weight slightly as Mel's hand slowly stroked the full length of his cock.
"The bigger surprise," Chris said, "was everyone managed to make it to Mexico for LAST year's spring break. And Coach Wallace seemed more excited to stay close to his new granddaughter than to worry about chaperoning a bunch of idiot college guys."
"At least it's nice weather, although not as nice as last year. And we get the house to ourselves for a few days. Now, all we need is a skinny blonde virgin to corrupt... or a skinny almost-virgin brunette. Too bad that Tracy's in South Dakota. She was fun."
"We're getting together with Maria end of the week. AND, that's when it's supposed to snow so being inside will be the best idea. Heat wave today and tomorrow then winter's back. And meeting Veronica again tomorrow. They'll have to do. Wonder how she's going with the babysitting?"
"My otter emailed Sandy," Mel's voice went deep, "invited her to visit. Told her since we hadn't invited her to have sex with us when we were at Mallomar she could now. She didn't respond."
Chris laughed lightly. "We could've gone to Vegas with Teresa and Sam and Terry and Joyce. Especially since our friendly alien spy was paying."
"What's her connection with that Arista place down there? She always seems able to get deals... and she and Bobby went to Europe!"
"Anna's implied they've released a few technical 'hints' to some companies. They seem to have access to cash. They might own it, secret investments. Makes sense, casinos are black holes when it comes to money. Good place to hide cash flow."
Mel shifted her hand to use her fingertips to work the head of Chris's stiff cock out of his jock and pushed his running shorts up so she could caress the head. Chris nudged her and she exhaled hard as his left arm reached down and quickly pushed the low and tight spandex of her running bra aside to expose her left nipple as his fingers worked to draw it further erect.
"You guys can all have fun in Vegas," Mel said as her left hand coaxed her boyfriend's free right hand to her other breast, he quickly exposed it as well and pinched the growing red nipples, "but what do us children get to do in Vegas?"
"Fun? Vegas? Not my idea of fun either, I'd rather be at Tracy's T-Rex dig, even if it's South Dakota," Chris said as they played with each other, "but this is fun."
"South Dakota," Mel huffed, "the lame-ass Dakota!"
Mel snorted before she slid along the ledge to move slightly away from Chris. Then she bent at the waist and worked a bit more of his cock free and wrapped the head with her lips and swirled her tongue around the swollen flesh. Chris inhaled sharply and held it for a moment then let it out as a moan. Mel freed more flesh and pushed her head down and sucked hard before she pumped very slowly up and down on the cock. She'd undone her running ponytail when they'd arrived on the ledge and the fall of that unruly black mop made it unlikely anyone could see his cock on their perch but there was little doubt anyone would be confused what the horned head was doing. Chris massaged the firm muscles in Mel's mostly bare back, access to the rest of her body blocked by her position.
His gaze wandered over the rolling triangular grassy expanse crossed by concrete paths as he wondered how far Mel's enhanced sucking sounds would carry in the clear borderline-hot air. He had the feeling at least one of the faces from the Library fountain looked directly at them. If they had sharp enough vision they'd likely detect... something. The face's head didn't turn away and Chris could tell it was a woman with blonde hair but she also didn't rise to move closer or seem to signal the people near her.
His gaze left the distant blonde and continued to massage his lover's back as her head moved up and down very slowly. She'd been good at this but had become... beyond. She could keep him at peak excitement for essentially as long as she wanted, to the point most would beg to finally cum. But Chris smiled, both knew he'd return the torture when he had the chance.
His gaze tracked to the Student Union building, if the Student Services building was the base of the triangle the library with its fountain and the Union building met at the apex. He smiled at one of the fourth-floor Union balconies where he'd photographed Mel topless and backed by a view of the grassy triangle and the distant Valley floor beyond on one of the first few days after she'd arrived. Chris had seen that picture framed and on Mel's mom's wall when they'd visited over Christmas. It was in a triangle along with the quickly posed one of the two of them in front of the red 'U' inside the Union building, Mel braless in her transparent red shirt and her squatted pose in an open blouse and tiny miniskirt on that rusted mining truck in the mountains, a picture that unlike the other two only hinted at exposure. Helen had... odd taste in family pictures.
Then his gaze froze.
Two campus policemen had just emerged from the Union building through the entrance at the end of the wing that ended nearest to their raised perch. They wore darker blue uniforms than Joyce Shaw's city police force uniform from the party but despite the campus newspaper's repeated cartoons about their trigger happiness they were generally unarmed.
But the two men in dark suits and white shirts with the campus cops were unusual. Their severe hair cuts and stern expressions and the submissive postures of the two in those dark uniforms implied a status beyond the local constables. Neither had the stereotypical dark glasses although one had regular glasses in what seemed to be thick black frames. The quartet stopped on the semi-circular entrance that descended to the walkways via concrete steps. One of the campus cops held his walkie-talkie and apparently had a conversation while the two suits traded glances at him before they looked at a paper one held and turned and scanned the rolling lawns.
"Mel," Chris nudged her shoulders and jumped slightly as she squeezed his cock and sucked hard on his prick before his pressure on her shoulders caused her to release it and rise, "there's a spyball angled off to our right by those trees."
"Who do you think the show's for?" Mel's voice was deep and slow. Chris laughed as her fingers stroked his still exposed cock.
"All our watchers outta the woodwork today then," Chris's hand directed Mel's head toward the quartet near the Union building, "they're on the radio so I'd guess they have a few teams looking for us. And I'm guessing that's an 8x10 glossy."
Mel laughed and adjusted her position so her right hand remained around his cock as she rose and she squared her shoulders so her exposed breasts were visible to the spyball. And anyone within sight of their perch. They avoided looking directly at the stealthed ball as that caused them to fly away and swiveled to watch their human searchers.
"With the slope here to up there," Chris said with a chuckle, "if they looked straight they'd look right at us."
"Instead of scanning the ground," Mel's lilting response as her fingers twined around the head of his cock, "you'd think they'd know we're not normal."
The cop with the walkie-talkie seemed to freeze. He stood still for a moment then tapped his partner on the left shoulder and then apparently spoke to the two dark-suited men and pointed once he had everyone's attention.
Chris and Mel waved.
There was an obvious conversation amongst the official foursome and they hit the steps with an obvious goal of the Student Services building. As the officials neared the two 'agents' had definite smiles while the campus cop with the walkie-talkie engaged in an animated conversation.
"Put this nasty thing away, not allowed in polite society," Mel's voice was raspy but low as she quickly worked his cock back into its prison, then she sat back with her running bra still scrunched below her breasts, "but may as well leave these out."
"More than acceptable," Chris said.
"Hey, you two," the campus cop without the radio yelled when they were twenty yards away, "how did you get up there? You're not supposed to do that!"
"And you," the other one pointed his radio at Mel's chest and she pointed at it herself and mouthed 'moi,' "what are you do—-"
"Officers," the suited man with dark blond hair said in a firm voice, "we'd like to thank you for your invaluable assistance."
All four stopped on the path just below and twenty feet to Mel's left and the two cops stared at their antagonist for a moment.
"But, Agent Reilly...," the walkie-talkie wielder started.
"But as we told you," the agent said in a firmer but not louder voice, the certainty in his voice a tone that assumed obedience, "this is a federal issue. We'll deal with them. Like we told your Chief, top secret."
Two pairs of third-story eyes glittered with amusement at each other before Mel leaned her head on Chris's shoulder and they looked at the four men in heated discussion. Well, the two campus cops seemed heated. The, "Agents," just seemed impatient to get rid of them. The couple on the ledge smiled and Mel's left hand rose to clasp Chris's as it draped over her shoulder and the combined arms simply framed her round breast.
Everyone's attention was drawn to Chris's right as two more agents in dark suits approached with their own pair of campus cops, one of whom had his own walkie-talkie. Only the black skin of the male agent differentiated him from the other pair. His partner was the only woman in the group; her dark suit matched color but it had a more complimentary fit that tried to obscure an impressive figure, a face that seemingly promised muscles as firm as her male colleagues.
"We're going to the chief," the first officer with the radio said and the other pair joined them and they all strode briskly toward the parking lot behind the Union building.
"Who knew the campus cops have a chief," Mel said, "didn't cover that at orientation."
"My fourth year and never heard," Chris said, "but if his name's Lou Dripkin then it all makes sense."
"Hey," the original agent with the dark blond hair stood at the apex of a human vee, four stern faces looked up, "I'm Agent Reilly, FBI. You're Christopher Bajevic and Melanie Caldicott, correct?"
He flashed the large photo, it looked like one of the 'publicity' stills from the Mallomar press conference. Then he pulled a case out of an inner pocket and showed a badge and ID card as he held it open for a few seconds.
"Looks like a match," the female agent at Reilly's left shoulder held up another photo, it was a still with them and Sam from the Halloween video.
"I'm not Christopher," Chris said, "and she's not Melanie. Not unless you want your asses kicked."
Mel grinned and nodded.
Reilly smiled and nodded and put his ID back into its pocket, turned to his right and his darker-haired partner handed him a few pages of printed text. He scanned the sheets for a moment then held it loosely in front of his chest.
"Can you please come down from there?"
"This is one of our happy places," Chris said.
"We like it up here," Mel added.
"Well Mister... Chris. And. Ms... no, Mel. I think—-"
"You did watch our tape," Mel said.
Reilly's open mouth smiled and he nodded, seemingly more amused than annoyed.
"You were right, Upshaw," he said to the female agent whose expression shared his amusement, "this will be an entertaining assignment."
He looked up at Mel and Chris.
"Look, WE don't care if you climb all over the buildings, sit wherever you want. But I don't think our erstwhile allies share that opinion. I'm also guessing they'll be back with reinforcements."
"You mean Chief Dripkin?" Chris asked.
Reilly's confusion was ended by Upshaw's laughter.
"And," she said and she looked at Chris, "he'll blow a hole in you the size of an institutional ashtray. Not as nice a blow as you were just getting."
"No one's as good as me," Mel's raspy voice was a challenge, Upshaw grinned.
"Big talk for a little girl," she said and pointed at the papers in Reilly's hand, "come on down and let's talk. Shouldn't take long."
Mel and Chris looked at each other and shrugged. Mel pushed herself up, she had just enough room to stand up straight. Two steps and she swivelled onto an angled concrete column and stutter-stepped downward before she did a half-twist and used her arms to hold and push her body as she did quick angled leaps, losing altitude with each one. She reversed her direction at the junction of the second and third floors and zig-zagged to the ground where she leapt the last six feet to land in front of the gathered agents as her loose black hair swirled and bounced before it settled to frame her face and sprawl across her shoulders and back. She faced them with both breasts bared with the running bra bunched under them before she spun and caught the soft backpack that Chris had tossed down. She spun again and stood straight with the pack in front of her and the agents started slightly as Chris suddenly landed just behind her. She tossed the pack in the air and over her head and he caught it with one hand and spun it and slipped his other arm through the second strap.
"Ok, Upshaw," Mel said, "what's so important that you didn't leave us up there for the campus cops to get us down with a hailstorm of high-caliber lead?"
"Think you could put those away, Mel? Like this promised," Upshaw said and held up the picture from the Halloween video, "they're amazing. But these guys don't care."
Three chuckles. "And if you're gonna make me get mine out to show you up, I just might convince your boy older is better."
Mel grinned.
"He's very dangerous to older women," Mel purred, "very, very dangerous. You wanna pat us down first? Check for weapons?"
Chris snorted as Mel held her arms out. Mel and Agent Upshaw locked eyes and the agent shook her head after a moment.
"In those 'shorts' I can count how many pubic hairs you have girl. Unless you have something shoved up your ass I know exactly what you have. And your boy? I saw veins," the agent said softly but she smiled and their eyes stayed locked as Mel shifted her running bra back into place. Chris stepped alongside her.
"Okay, Agent Reilly," Chris said, "what are these papers you have?"
Everyone shifted so Reilly faced the pair and was backed by the other three agents. He separated the papers into two sets, one in each hand.
"I have here search warrants for your dorm, Mel, and your house Chris."
"Shit," Chris said, "Mel, do you have all that cocaine? Or did we leave it at the house?"
Reilly's slight head shake indicated some level of continued amusement.
"Actually, Chris, we don't care about cocaine," he glanced at the sheet, "we have, ah, other items of interest."
Chris smiled softly as Reilly and Upshaw traded a quick glance but the confused expressions on the other two agents' faces confirmed what they were looking for. And that target also wasn't common knowledge.
"We allowed to actually see these warrants. Agent Reilly?" Chris asked. The agent, who seemed around forty and maybe a decade or so older than the others, seemed no less solidly built than his younger companions. He handed Mel a pair of papers and then Chris. They quickly scanned the sheets.
"You're looking for...," Chris said slowly, "non-standard computing devices?"
"Chris had phone sex with my mom for weeks because I wouldn't let him fuck her like she wanted and they bought me a RedFruit computer," Mel said, to surprise even Reilly but Upshaw's eyes sparkled and she won, if not by much, the battle to not laugh out loud, "you'd better not take that! I need it."
"An issue, Agent Reilly," Chris said, "my housemates are out of town. Hmm. But. This is for the property."
"If we've got a warrant, guess we're gonna come in," Reilly said, "finding you two was a courtesy. Save us the hassle of breaking the door down. So messy. But, we're serious."
"Mel, if you'll come with me and Agent Harris," Upshaw said, "Reilly and Jones will go with Chris. After that you two have a meeting. It'll behoove both of you to attend."
"Are we under arrest?" Chris said and Mel nodded.
"Of course not," Reilly said, "and Upshaw will bring Mel to the house after they ransack her dorm. How much cocaine can she have hidden there?"
"Nah," Mel said, "just piles of porn."
"Hope it's good stuff," Upshaw said, "I need some new materials."
"The best," Mel said and she quickly grabbed Chris's crotch, "I'll show you why this is so dangerous to old women like you."
Chris grinned and enjoyed the glum expressions on Agents Harris and Jones compared to Reilly's slight head shake and Upshaw's again just successful battle to not laugh. Mel turned and Chris quickly slipped his arm around her back and they shared a fast and open-mouthed kiss with exaggerated sounds while Chris slid his hand down Mel's ass and pressed between her legs. Annoyed sniffs fought amused chuckles from the spectators. They broke the kiss and Mel spun free. Chris turned and Mel quickly unzipped a small pocket on the back of the pack and pulled out her key then redid that zipper before she opened the main pouch and pulled out rolled up blue and white clothes and ankle socks then zipped it closed She slid her right arm around Upshaw's left.
"Fortunately I brought my key," she said, "so you don't have to smash in. But all my good clothes are at the house, it's spring break! Okay, Agent Upshaw, let's go check out my porn collection."
Mel gave a theatrical wave as she followed Agents Upshaw and Jones south, apparently toward the Library parking lot. Chris waved back and followed the pair in the opposite direction toward the Union parking lot. Maybe they'd see each again.
"Hey, Agent Upshaw," Mel said and the woman looked at her, "are we going to swap partners once we get to where we're going? I see you and Agent Reilly are getting rid of everyone else and you seized most of the photos I had. And Reilly's a decent hunk."
The three of them stood next to one of three stereotypical black Lincolns, this one backed into the driveway at Chris's house behind his car which was pulled up to the garage. Two more Lincolns were parked at the curb and Reilly spoke to the knot of six agents which included Harris and Jones who'd assisted him and Upshaw in the searches.
Mel put her left arm out and leaned against the Lincoln and pushed out her tits, covered but not hidden by the tight white short sleeve tee of material that was thin enough to be almost transparent and moulded to her nipples and exposed most of her abs. She tilted her hips and her extra short blue skirt bounced quickly and her tail did a wide swing. Reilly turned quickly and glared when he understood why one of his agents had diverted attention. Her hair had dried from a quick shower and shook around her horns.
Chris looked at Reilly then at Upshaw and smiled broadly. He'd showered once they'd finished searching the upstairs bathroom and had put on fresh jean shorts and a snug tee and his hair was still wet.
"Seized? Girl, you stuffed it all in for me. Your boy has quite... the load," she said slowly. The light brown bun her hair had been pulled into didn't shake but her head did as she again stifled a laugh.
The agents hadn't found any 'non-standard computing devices,' not at the house nor at Mel's dorm. Reilly himself had focused on Chris's bedroom and Chris had teased him about the RedFruit next to his VT220 but Reilly had obviously known neither was what they wanted. The agent had smirked and shaken his head when he'd found the collection of lubes, vibrators and contraceptives in his bed's bookcase headboard. All of the agents had carefully pored over the walls and contents of the storeroom, but light bulbs popped over heads to Chris's question 'what, you've never seen a bomb shelter before?'
All in all, they'd not left the place in shambles. His housemates would notice but he figured he'd call Terry and Joyce later. He was curious if the detective had heard any scuttlebutt from her side about this 'raid' before they'd all left on Sunday. He doubted it but, well. The FBI had clearly enlisted the campus constabulary but had just as clearly given them as little information as possible, had they done the same or even less with the 'real' police?
"Chris can print more for me, but best to experience him live," Mel's raspy purr caused Upshaw's mouth to open and she shook her head, not for the first time, "and he's dangerous for old women like you but if Maria can handle it you should be ok. Not like poor Kelly."
"Old woman? Old?" Upshaw's amused voice had a touch of steel in it, "You keep talking shit, little girl, I will take you up on your offer. You won't be so happy after your boy gets a taste of a real woman."
Mel snorted and grinned. Her tail did another swing.
"But," added Upshaw, "Kelly?"
"Just an ex, Agent, no one to be concerned about," Chris said quickly. Mel laughed.
"Kelly was old. Couldn't handle him. He also turns his exes into lesbians," Mel said.
Before Upshaw could reply Reilly dismissed his team and they responded with desultory grumbles and moved quickly to pile into the two Lincolns at the curb. He spun on his heel and stopped next to his fellow agent.
"So, Agent Reilly," Mel purred, "are we being taken to be tortured now?"
"Will this involve hours of sexual abuse," Chris added, "but, like, it's only you two? Got ropes? Battery cables, maybe?"
"Should've kept at least a few of those others with you," Mel's voice was slow and husky, "and Upshaw's definitely going to need some help to break him."
Mel pointed to the other side of the Lincoln where Chris stood at the far side, his grin clearly visible over the roof of the car.
"I think you'd do well in some knee-high spike-heel boots, Agent Upshaw," Chris said, "and not quite sure with that blazer you won't take off but I think you'd fit in one of Mel's bustiers."
"An open cup one, like Asha wears," Mel added quickly.
"Torture involves what the victims DON'T want," Upshaw said as her partner smiled and shook his head, "I think we'll just tie you two up and let everyone else have sex."
"Not touching them would be the torture," Mel pouted to Reilly's statement, "now, get in. We have a meeting."
"Can we say goodbye to the house?" Chris asked.
"Uh," Reilly slowed as he walked past the front of the car, "the house? Why?"
"After you disappear us," Mel said, "we'll never see it again. But at least it'd be nice if you could tell us the charges before we're executed."
"You'll only pray for execution," Upshaw said with a laugh, "now, get in. We're late."

Interlude

[Spring Break week, March, 1986]

Veronica

Veronica froze as she stepped around one of the brick and concrete walls that divided part of Dër Ratskeller's large basement pizza restaurant into a warren of smaller rooms. She'd been a bit freaked out even before Chris's cryptic phone message left on her machine told her to meet for dinner here instead of the Pie. This popular downtown fixture was much larger and was a common enough destination but his tone had been odd. Then again, in addition to the large common dining space unlike the Pie it also offered these rooms, which were popular and hard to get although the light Tuesday night crowd made it easier. And her various worries were immediately driven from her mind.
Each little room had a square table surrounded by a wooden bench in a 'U' shape that could easily seat two people on each leg. But Veronica had been here when they'd squeezed ten or a dozen people in, doable but you'd better really like your neighbors.
Chris and Mel were along the back wall, drinks and a couple of baskets of garlic bread on the table. Chris was hidden by the table from mid-abdomen down but Mel was at the corner nearest to the new arrival. His hair seemed a bit... oh, yeah, he'd had soccer training earlier. Veronica had seen them a couple of times on the campus field and had been exhausted just watching. Like the demon and her volleyball, no wonder these two were such hard bodies.
Mel sat against the back wall but her left leg was bent at the knee and her left foot with its black high-top Converse was flat on the wooden bench.
Veronica wasn't sure if the damned girl wore really long socks or some sort of grey tights. Whatever they were, they stopped about two-thirds up those shapely thighs. Best guess her little grey skirt at most would reach the tops of those tights. But maybe not. Veronica stared at that closely-trimmed black bush which had to be intentionally displayed for her. And for anyone who happened by this room. This was the third time she'd met up with them and she'd yet to see Mel wear any sort of underwear and it was obvious she had no bra under her thin plaid flannel shirt that was almost completely unbuttoned and was entirely too tight anyway.
"Uh," the standing brunette stammered, "hi guys."
"Hi Veronica," Chris said and Mel smiled and nodded her horned head, as with underwear Veronica was certain that although the girl kept her hair squeaky clean she didn't use combs or brushes either, "guess my message wasn't overly cryptic?"
"Um, well, it was kind of..."
"Take your jacket off," Mel said as she bent her knee more acutely to free up space next, "get comfy. We haven't ordered pizza yet."
Dër Ratskeller didn't have servers. You ordered at the counter and received a number and a PA would make an announcement once the order was ready. To buttress the thought "number thirty-two" echoed around the space.
Veronica stood at the edge of the bench and noticed a couple of jackets on the far bench. The days had been absurdly warm for March but once the sun disappeared it cooled, but nothing like winter although a blizzard was forecast for the end of the week to last through the weekend and welcome everyone back from spring break. She hesitated with her hand at her jacket's zipper, which was pulled almost to her throat. Then she glanced again and Mel grinned when she caught Veronica looking hungrily at the crotch she'd made sure stayed exposed.
"Bitch," Veronica mouthed, her companions laughed, then she hurriedly unzipped the jacket and pulled it off and tossed it across the table onto the others. She sat her denim covered ass quickly on the bench and slid sideways until she met Mel's foot.
"That's a nice blouse, Veronica," Chris said in an admiring tone, "haven't seen you wear it to school."
Veronica snorted. She'd dug through her drawers and closets and her temporary roommate had cajoled her into choosing an open cup bra she'd only ever worn once as part of a misbegotten Halloween costume and a transparent pale white blouse she liked but had never worn without a camisole or tee under it. But that roommate had been insistent. And the illicit thrill, the cool air and the blouse's cloth had her nipples nicely erect. Then Mel leaned and quickly undid a third button on that blouse.
"Hey," she said, but without real objection, "oh, whatever. Thanks for the coke!"
She took a long sip on the straw and the other two duplicated the act. She released her straw first.
"Ok, why'd you tell me to not bring—-," she stopped when Chris put his finger to his lips. Her brow furrowed slightly and he spoke.
"If it's ok, can you babysit a bit longer?"
"Uh, sure," she said and paused, "but tomorrow I'm going south to Red Rock country for a few days, meeting up with some friends and hiking. Well, if the blizzard hits there too we'll just stay in and drink."
"And fuck, I trust?" Mel's question.
"Well, maaayyy be," Veronica drawled and all three laughed, "but if we're hiking we'll just, ya know, do what you two do everywhere!"
"That's a good trip. Take it, if you can keep it out of sight. It should... go away for a while."
"Sure, but my bitch roommate Donna comes home Sunday, it'd probably be best I don't have it while she's around. Hey," she paused, "would it pay half the rent? I'd turf her out! Anyway... driving my car down so easy enough. But. There's maybe a... problem."
"What's that?"
"The damned thing... um, you didn't tell me it talks! And it's a pervert. I mean, you two are about as bad as I've ever seen, but Fred! Oh my god!"
"Fred?" Chris had a smile with his question.
"Well, yeah, he, it... ah, he seems to like that. But dammit, you," she pointed at Mel's tiny skirt and exposed crotch, "he's convinced all of us are supposed to dress like you! It kept wanting me to walk naked around the apartment. It can SEE?"
"How else would it be able to record videos?" Veronica snorted at Mel's innocent tone.
"Yeah, about that," the brunette said and paused and semi-glared at Mel and then at Chris but her rigid expression broke into a half smile, "that first night, with the three of us..."
"That was a fun night, yessss," Mel's voice a heavy North Dakota drawl.
"Yeah, it was... hey! Fred, I mean, that THING, showed me the video! I was, uh," she went silent and suddenly looked out in response to a loud laugh from out of sight, "I was going to masturbate and it was in the bedroom... and it suddenly started talking and said 'let me watch' and when I woke up from fainting it said 'watch this!' It was the three of us."
"Did it help?" Mel's tone was all little girl innocence.
Veronica snorted again.
"Uh, yeah, how the hell did it do that?"
"It was on my dresser," Chris said, "and well, it has a mind of its own."
"Okay. I'll take it with me, but, if I tell it to stay silent will it? Or will it keep blabbing?"
"Tell it that Anna's spies and guards are around when it needs to be quiet. But, set it up so it can be hidden but, you know, watch. The little holes in the top?"
"I figured that out, lenses. And shit. I don't even graduate for another quarter," Veronica said as she held her hands horizontally in front of her chin then popped them quickly upwards, "and already everything I've learned for doing computer graphics is poof! Obsolete!"
"You've looked at what I've posted on the internet?" Chris asked, Veronica nodded.
"Don't worry," he continued, "this is opening up a whole new age."
"I asked it about graphics programs, didn't seem to get the term, but after a bit of discussion figured it out, showed me what it calls 'virtual reality,' which I think will make for video games from hell. And those two... those two aliens it drew the pictures of! With the strange gold eyes. They're funky. Are they part of a game?"
"Sort of, working title is 'The Golden Criminals,'" Chris said slowly, "and I haven't posted the virtual reality code yet, hopefully next week when things calm down."
Veronica considered asking about that but Chris had pointed out Anna, the student he claimed was the Alien Spy, in the Engineering Building one day. Veronica had engineered an 'encounter' in the little coffee nook in the building and the girl's eyes were... weird. So damned green. But amazing tits! And cute really! And tall! Shit. If they all looked like that Earth was fucked. But she'd decided the less she actually knew the better, Chris had assured her no one was going to be blasting people with death rays but he'd also described Anna's 'Guards.' To her mind they sounded like the FBI or CIA or whatever agents she'd always seen in movies and TV.
Besides. Once the shock had worn off, Fred was fun. He'd suggested ways to... touch herself. Apparently it wasn't just Mel. There was a 'Janet' who'd apparently been... creative.
"Ok, but I'm going to study that code, once I figure it out...," Veronica's gaze went unfocused for a moment, "I've got a job offer here from Heaven's & Northerland, planned to take some grad courses too. Maybe I'll work out a thesis subject, or at the least, get rich giving them 'virtual reality.'"
"I'll get you more details after break, can't yet," Chris nodded and said, "but Dr. Carlstrom might be putting some work groups together, industry-academia cooperation."
Veronica beamed at that and was surprised when Mel leaned over and undid a fourth button on the busty brunette's blouse. She looked down and her face gained a shocked look seeing that her chest wasn't really covered anymore. Then she looked at the amused face surrounded by wild black hair with those two weird horns she always wore and her tits also all but exposed below that and, yes, the devil's tail on the bench along that bent leg. Mel nudged her shoulder.
"C'mon, let's go order pizza," she said with a husky rasp, "we'll leave Chris here. Maybe we'll find us some HOT boys to leave with."
She winked one of those black eyes.
"But if not," a languorous weird tone that Veronica thought of as a 'smooth rasp,' how the hell could she do that and she tilted her head at Chris, "think he'll do for later? We've got the house to ourselves, we'll pull out the king size sofa bed."
Veronica looked at Mel, then at Chris, who offered a 'I promise to try my best' smile. Shit, she thought, she'd be happy with his worst. More of his best? She'd brought her own supplies this time and she had no plans to hold back. From anything. There'd been one thing, one place, that beautiful cock hadn't gone. And this demonic beast nudging her, and copping a feel while doing it, wouldn't mind, in fact, wanted it. And she wanted that demonic mouth too. And pussy. And while her upcoming trip offered time with true friends and sometimes lovers, none of them had that specific bit of anatomy Chris had. She didn't expect she'd get much sleep, in fact, hoped not. It was only a four hour drive tomorrow. A gallon of coffee would get her there. Besides, she'd have someone to talk to! She slid off the bench and Mel followed.

A Meeting at Herriman

[Early April, 1986]

Joyce

"It's always so clear a few days after a storm blows the smog out," Detective Joyce Shaw said, "and the Valley is turning green with the weekend's blizzard gone. I've heard the County guys mention Herriman a couple of times, a body dump and a few drug caches. Pretty empty this quarter of the Valley. This is a great overlook, how do you guys know about this spot?"
She looked around and stood with the dark-haired horned presence just in front of Chris's car and in the distance on the diagonally opposite corner the early afternoon sun glinted off the few skyscrapers in the City's skyline with the Capitol building overlooking it all perched on one of the mountain benches. Dense swaths of houses and roads extended across that Valley floor from that core but the last third of the Valley to the foot of the mountain on which they were perched was fields with only widely spaced houses and the odd industrial complex.
"Chris brings his girlfriends up here where he tells them 'cock or walk,'" Shaw snorted at the chirpy little innocent girl tone that Mel could twist her usually raspy contralto into, "did the same to me."
"And which option did you choose?"
"Cock, of course," raspy, innocence abandoned, "but speaking of body dumps..."
Chris pushed the trunk closed with a thud.
"Hey..., I don't think—-"
"He won't tell me where, but Kelly is buried up here somewhere. I have a gravestone for her, just need him to point out the spot."
"Kelly? Would that be 'Chaos Kelly?' Terry's mentioned her," Shaw's voice was measured, both as a way to draw out more information but also to not reveal that she'd 'worked' her 'boyfriend' for information. She'd learned his view of the history of this odd pair that skated happily and left behind wakes of destruction.
"Yeah, she was his girlfriend before me. She was old, not as tough as me. He fucked her to death. Buried her up here."
"I... did... not do that," Chris walked up and goosed Mel hard with his right hand, her tail swung as she pushed her ass back into him.
"Which part, Chris? The fuck her to death part," Shaw used her best Authority voice, "or the bury her part?"
She enjoyed the handsome young man's pained expression. 'Don't be so cruel, Joyce,' ran through her mind, but she dismissed the pang of conscience.
"Both. I worked hard at the first part, but well, she was alive last I saw her. She just up and left town. She's a flake. You can ask her cousin, he's on my soccer team."
"Hmmf," Mel said, "he's just covering for you... but it's a good thing I showed up. The girlfriend before Kelly he turned into a lesbian."
Shaw laughed at that. She'd also learned the history of Chris and Sam and Teresa and wondered if she'd have been able to stay so close if she'd been in the middle of that kind of triangle. She also didn't really think Chris had been involved in a death. Terry's stories about 'Chaos' Kelly Zabriskie and the wedges she'd shoved between these friends had shocked the detective. But Chris had stuck with her, for a while at least, although plentiful sex with a hot woman could do that to a young man. Hell. To an old man. Or a middle-aged man. She'd seen it. And Kelly reminded her of another wild daughter of rich parents. Presumably Cherry Powell was still somewhere in Europe, there'd been no mention of her having returned to her hometown.
As to this Kelly, Terry's comments on her disappearance had tweaked Shaw's interest. Unlike Cherry, she didn't have a record, per se, but she'd come to the attention of the police on a few occasions mainly around public scuffles and arguments that hadn't quite risen to the level of arrests. That hadn't meant the police hadn't been called. But not even eighteen months ago she'd fallen off the radar. Her cousin Ben hadn't been at the birthday party a few weeks back but Terry had said the soccer teammate had no better idea what had happened to his cousin as anyone else. But no one had filed a missing persons report.
That had triggered an instinct she recognized from when Peter had disappeared. A loose end. Lots of dots. She didn't like the former and connecting the latter bordered on obsession. She didn't have the personal connection in this case but the fact no one seemed to really miss Chaos Kelly roused her curiosity.
Shaw knew her intuition was usually reliable and in this case it said Chris wasn't capable of such a crime. Not even as an accident. Not even Mel truly believed it. But the demon was nineteen going on infinity and her mind worked in strange ways. In the middle of molesting and being molested in an empty hillside city park she'd worked out a flaming meteor wasn't just a big rock. It was a secret satellite. Then a hop, skip and jump to it being aliens who'd kidnapped Shaw's former student and one night stand.
And this couple. Chris was the one who put structure around Mel's wild ideas, it was somehow worse. He'd run her calculations on his computers and took the photos to find invisible satellites and figured out how to work with that 'padlet' and the other tricks that proved ideas that had no right being true really were. Like that kidnapping.
Shaw had wandered a few steps and looked at them as they played with that weird, flat alien computer that shouldn't exist. The one the FBI hadn't found. Somehow. Those two lunatics hadn't told her how and she'd left it at that. Plausible deniability. She had FBI contacts from the still-active investigation into the cocaine trafficking side of the Broiler restaurant investigation. Agents Upshaw and Reilly weren't part of that and circumspect queries indicated they weren't locals. In fact, they were as mysterious to her Bureau contacts as that weird computer was to her. The agents they'd taken for the searches had been the only ones given info and as Chris and Mel had gleaned from their presence, they'd been given only a scant description of their target.
But after the unsuccessful searches of Mel's dorm room and the house those two agents had taken this pair to the Uni's Engineering building for the mysterious 'meeting' they'd promised. That'd been the first actual surprise for Mel and Chris. The second had been finding the meeting led by Chris's professor Dr. Calstrom and the astrophysics professor, Dr. Gainsborough, who'd taken Mel under his wing.
Chris had already been accepted as a grad student assuming he graduated in a couple of months, essentially a formality. Even though still a freshman, Mel was already tutoring students a year ahead of her. So everyone was familiar with each other. But the announcement by Agent Reilly that the two professors would lead one of a number of task forces into the 'advanced' technology and that Mel and Chris would be part of it had been a surprise. Chris's friend and TA Dave Simpson, who'd slipped out of the Broiler Restaurant to alert the police and had connected Shaw to them, and this entire set of interlocking conspiracies of secret satellites and unacknowledged aliens and super technology, would be given a post-doc position and leadership under Carlstrom of the AI research. Gainsborough and the team at Mallomar Observatory would investigate the 'anomalies' in orbit and related technologies. Mel seemed unusually pleased at the opportunity to work with someone named Sandy at the Observatory although Shaw's intuition at Mel's mood said this Sandy might not share that enthusiasm.
And now? And now she was with her companions who were for all intents and purposes double agents on a hillside covered with new spring growth waiting for an alien spy to arrive. They'd been asked, but not truly interrogated, on the source of the technology they'd posted but Shaw's impression from the description she'd received of the meeting was the agents, or the powers behind them, were familiar with at least some of it. The judgement of those masters, Shaw guessed various three-letter agencies were key, but probably large corporate interests as well, had all seemed to decide having these two jokers on the 'inside' but not on tight leashes was the best approach. It was a technique not unknown to her police force and if done well it allowed tracking and control. As to the first Shaw was familiar with tails and surveillance and had detected none since her return so it made sense the leashes were long, but for the latter she pitied anyone who actually believed these two could be controlled. Chris had phoned Shaw while she and the others were still in Vegas so they'd been warned, but she'd actually been impressed. The house had obviously been tossed but the FBI had indeed been 'gentle.' Most of her department's crews would've left the place in shambles. Of course, she could find no indication the City's police force had even been informed.
Mel suddenly looked up and to her left, past and above Chris.
"Got ya," she shouted and pointed, Chris slapped the face of the little computer against his body. Shaw followed Mel's direction, saw nothing at first. Then, a blur.
One of those invisible spy balls. How the hell did she DO that? The aliens, well, they obviously did what they did. Chris stepped to the chest-high brush that ringed the clearing. Oh well. No surveillance by human agents.
"White van," he said, "why not the Mustang? If it's her. Couldn't be sure."
"The Mustang's memorable," Shaw said, "a white van? Boring. Millions of those. A witness might not be like you, Chris, and know the engine, year and everything else, but most people know a Mustang and with those stripes... We'd have her. Not to mention it makes a noise that forces you to look at it."
They moved to stand together with the demon in the center even with the driver's side rear tire of Chris's car. Shaw had recommended he pull forward into the space as reassurance to Anna when she arrived. The detective hadn't spoken to or met her since the night of Chris's birthday party in the basement storeroom when she'd almost shot the girl, no, the alien, but Mel had said she'd insisted the detective be at the meeting. She'd also wanted it on a weekday afternoon somewhere way off any beaten tracks. Thus, this overlook. That Anna had somehow arranged for her, Terry, Teresa and Sam to spend the week at the very nice and brand new Arista in Vegas was something she'd tried to dig into. Not that she'd objected, it'd been a fun week, more time spent on day trips to Death Valley, Lake Mead, the Valley of Fire, Pahrump and a couple of other spots than in Sin City itself. But she'd found nothing of use.
And Terry had more than resurrected a sex drive she'd almost written off for good and she forced her face to downshift its sudden broad smile to a more neutral gaze. But Mel's quick exhaled laugh seemed to indicate the demon had noticed.
The white van screeched to a stop as it rolled not quite two lengths past the entrance to the obscured parking spot. Had she missed it, hopefully Mel had advised her that the pavement ended a quarter mile past the spot. After a moment the van reversed quickly and rotated slickly into the opening to stop with its nose perpendicular to the road and just even with the edge of the pavement. The row of side windows behind the passenger's door were tinted so darkly to be opaque.
"Who's that in the passenger seat?" Mel's question.
"Oh, hell...," Shaw started as the door opened and a broadly-built man swung himself out of the passenger seat, "that's one of the guards."
"You said they'd make Bobby look slender," Chris said, "that's an understatement. But them and the FBI must buy their clothes from the same tailor."
The man was an inch or two past six feet, but his shoulders and chest rivaled any body-builder's, even covered in a black suit jacket with a white shirt under it. His skinny black tie and black pants didn't hide his bulk. His black fedora sat on what looked like a crew cut and his heavy black sunglasses didn't reveal much beyond pale and cleanly-shaven cheeks and chin. He stepped sideways and pushed the door gently closed. His gaze swept past them, took in the car and the surroundings as he maintained a glum expression.
They heard a car door close, presumably the driver's side, before Anna walked quickly past the front of the van and wiggled between the guard and a bush. He stepped to stand at the front of the van where he had a view along the road in both directions.
"Anna," Mel said, "you didn't say you'd bring friends?"
"Detective Shaw pulled a gun on me," the tall spy said with a shrug, "roundabout is fair play. But not my idea really. Just call him Hardy. Just you three?"
"Your spyball was here a moment ago," Chris said, "guessing you've seen."
She smiled and nodded. Shaw noticed the impressive cleavage shown by the skin tight sky blue sweater with three-quarter sleeves and whatever special bra she'd chosen. Her jeans were likewise figure hugging. Her skin was quite pale but few onlookers would care with that view on offer. Her dark hair was loose. She had some sort of black watch on her left wrist, but Shaw couldn't see a face on it. A vague memory gnawed at her.
But she shrugged and glanced sideways, Mel was as usual braless and as she'd been at their first meeting her tight blouse was again transparent, albeit blue this time, and she had no jacket given the warm spring weather. At least it was halfway buttoned up. Shaw felt downright overdressed next to her in her plain-clothes standard opaque white blouse under her dark blue blazer and matching slacks. Even Chris was in a button-down shirt, both his and Mel's jeans tight enough to show taut bodies. Anna's eyes rested on Mel's chest for a moment and a fleeting smile crossed her face.
"She has a set on her," Shaw said softly to Mel who snorted back and stood straight but with a lanky looseness. Anna stepped back to the van and rapped on the door with her knuckles.
"Let's do this," she said, apparently meant for the passengers as the van door slid quickly backwards.
A female twin to the male guard squatted in the doorway before she stepped to the ground. The short and tight ponytail below the back of her fedora and the mounds under her jacket mere hints at her gender given her broad build, but her face had a softer aspect to it than the male of the pair.
That was all that was soft about her. She stood and glared at the trio.
Suddenly an explosive stream of strange speech erupted behind the female guard, Anna's mouth opened in a shocked 'O.' Shaw had never heard anything like it, vaguely East Asian, but no, not that. It seemed a female timbre but beyond that, no idea. She glanced, Mel and Chris both had expressions that settled into ghostly smiles after a moment. The female guard sidled to her right.
A woman jumped out of the van. No. Not a woman.
"I am not a delicate flower that needss to be wrapped in ssilk," the newcomer looked quickly at Anna and scolded her, "we have business to disscuss. Wasting time."
Her English was good, although her accent made clear it wasn't her native language.
But she wasn't a woman.
Shaw blinked. What the hell. She was a woman.
She was about five-five or six, slender, her legs in jeans that went inside high-heeled over the calf boots. Her hips weren't overly broad but nicely balanced her figure.
She nodded at the taller Anna and they walked toward the waiting trio. Her stride was more rolling than most humans would have. Her arms seemed longer than a similar sized human's and Shaw guessed she had one of these 'padlets' in her left hand. Her left wrist sported a black band similar to what the taller woman wore.
It seemed she was a 'woman' because like Mel her long-sleeve deep purple blouse was transparent. Which left an impressive set of bra less breasts visible that were very human but for areolas more oval than round. Shaw glanced sideways, saw Mel's smile. The alien was shorter than both the detective and the demon, but her chest was about the same size as the hellspawn's.
Without the port wine stain, the slight 'paisley' pattern in the skin of her chest above the pair of unbuttoned blouse buttons, her neck and her face, was more prominent, like the two aliens in the photo that had triggered Joyce's deeper involvement even if this alien's skin was slightly less pale. Her eyes were a solid light brown with no whites and larger than a human's but with pupils that seemed more slits than circles. Her medium brown hair fell loosely behind pointed ears.
And this alien and Anna, no, Shaw reminded herself, the two aliens stopped about four feet away. How? The alien was human-like, two legs, two arms, breasts that would be welcome in every men's magazine on Earth. And Anna. Those magazines would throw money at her for a fully nude spread. How were they related?
"Detective," Anna pointed at the policewoman, "Detective Joyce Shaw wanted to shoot me."
The alien let out a cough-like sound that seemed to carry amusement more than distress.
"No doubt jusstified, good to meet you, Detective Shaw," the alien offered her right hand and Shaw took an extra instant before she responded. The fingers were longer than she'd expect and the skin had an odd feel to it. They released hands.
"And this is Mel Caldicott, representative from the deepest pits of Hell," the alien let out another cough as she and Mel shook hands and Mel joined her with a laugh.
"Actually North Dakota," Mel said, "but if you ask Chris he'll tell you Hell is a few steps more pleasant."
They released hands and Mel let out a combination cough and growl that caused Shaw to stare at her. What was that?
The alien's eyes widened for an instant and then Shaw swore that lipless mouth smiled broadly to show human-like teeth but a deep red square-tipped tongue for a moment before she returned the sound. No, it wasn't lipless but their color blended with her face.
"You have made good usse of that toy you have," the alien pointed at the padlet in Chris's left hand.
"We've tried, but Chris isn't very good," Mel said.
"Of coursse not, that greeting only femaless use," Mel beamed in response.
"I'm Chris Bajevic," he put his right hand out and the alien took it but then she pulled it to her face and inhaled deeply with her eyes closed. Shaw and Mel glanced at each other then looked at Anna. The tall spy's mouth had fallen open and she stared at the shorter alien. Then they watched the alien's mouth open and her tongue touched Chris's hand. A moment later she opened her eyes and slowly released his hand.
"You are the drudge," the alien said, Chris chuckled.
"That's me."
The alien looked at Anna. "This one iss a very proper male," before she added a very soft sort of growl that caused Anna's mouth to move before she stopped and blinked and took a deep breath. Then the alien tilted her head slightly before she turned to look again at the trio. Anna took a slow breath before she spoke.
"I'd like to introduce Vikrangia Skyburster, Council President of the Second Sylvan Expedition," Anna said, "and my mother. Please call her Vicki. That's Laurel back there by the van."
The alien, Vicki, smiled. Shaw quickly wrenched her gaping jaw back into place. THIS was the mother Anna mentioned? Anna seemed to be about the same age as what she posed as, a first year grad student, early twenties. That would make this Vicki what, forty? Fifty? If anything, Shaw's impression was she was a similar age but not older than the first Anna, Queen Anna, the woman she now knew had been an alien that she'd seen that ill-fated Halloween night five years ago but she'd be hard put to explain that belief. Unless these aliens aged far differently than humans. But the resemblance was so... eerie. Beyond eerie.
But all that aside, Shaw tried to keep her breathing slow and steady, both Annas were taller and broader than this Vicki. Her grip had been firm but while just above average height for human women, she was on the slender side with her figure that was attractive even for human eyes. But the bigger question was how did this 'mother' have this 'daughter?'
"Yess, she iss my little girl," Vicki said before she quickly pulled up her padlet and tapped it and she showed the trio a picture. It was Vicki, younger, her hair longer, sitting in a chair with a towel over her shoulder. She had a broad smile.
With a smiling human baby in a diaper on her lap.
Shaw, Mel and Chris leaned in, then looked up at Anna. The tall woman's expression was a query.
"Oh my god," Mel's chirp was back, "Anna, you were sooo cute!"
"What!?!"
Vicki turned and showed her the screen quickly. Anna's mouth dropped open. Anna twisted back and swiped the screen and held it up again to get some giggles. This time the tall, younger alien stepped forward and grabbed her mother's arm to see the picture. It included a gangly girl six or seven with bright green eyes and long dark hair next to two shorter seemingly related girls whose dark hair and green eyes matched Anna's. Shaw's expression gained the slightest question at those two other girls. There was something...
"Mom...," she said sharply as Vicki did that cough sound again.
"Is it not every mother's highest duty to embarrass her daughter when she meets her friends?"
"Oh hell yes," Mel said between laughs, "that is what they do!"
The third picture was different. Shaw's breath caught after a hard inhale.
"That's Peter," Shaw said slowly, then she bent her head forward to look more closely, his hair was shorter than he'd worn it in high school or their one night together on that fateful Halloween, "are you wearing togas?"
"What!?!" Anna growled when Vicki twisted to show it to her quickly then rotated back. Anna half turned and kicked the damp dirt.
"It was Anna'ss farewell party before she came down to Earth for her mission," Vicki said, "she inshisted on a toga party."
That got a round of laughter as Anna growled and shifted her feet again.
"Is that Queen Anna with you two and Peter?" Chris asked, "The port wine stain? And your satellites have artificial gravity, I take it?"
"Yess," said Vicki, "to all."
Shaw squinted, she'd swear Vicki's expression as she looked at Chris was pure lust. But. She was a freaking alien! Did... did it even transfer? But. Peter. In this picture...
"It looks like Peter was quite excited to be there," Mel said as she ripped Shaw out of her reverie. The detective blinked once then her cheeks reddened quickly as she registered Peter's hidden but obvious erection barely covered by the short toga. All three females also had very short togas and each had their right breasts bared with the togas slipped down to cover only their left sides. Each toga was the regulation white but with a different very bright coloured design around the edges.
"You are his polissewoman, right?" Vicki looked at Shaw, who took a moment before she looked away from the screen and at those alien eyes. Kind eyes now, Shaw thought, but was that accurate?
"Yes, that's me."
"You were very important to him," Vicki's voice wasn't as light as it had been, "he said you were why he wasn't his brother."
"Uh...," Shaw stammered, finally just nodded.
"My daughter says we have limited time," Vicki did a shiver that Shaw took as a shrug, "I will arrange to send more pictures of her as a baby. And of Paetor. Now."
She swiped at the screen and showed it mainly to Shaw.
"Do you know this woman?"
Shaw looked at it and started to shake her head but stopped.
"Wait... That's... Sheryl. Yeah, Sheryl Grace. I only ever met her once, back right after Peter disappeared. But she didn't..."
Shaw stopped speaking and her mouth dropped open when Vicki swiped again.
"Oh, fuck," she said, "that's Patrick, Irish dude. But I don't know his last..."
"Collinss," Vicki said, "we think. Maybe. Terrorisht."
Ice ran through Shaw's veins. That fit. She'd poked around what the department had but it'd been little about any possible foreign criminals in the area. She'd not been able to reach out to the FBI or others without opening herself to broad questions. But with his connection to Sheryl she'd concluded he was more on the sex side. She felt both Mel and Chris staring at her as her breathing sped up and her fists clenched.
"And thiss one?" Vicki swiped again.
"Not that one, no memory," Shaw said.
"German woman, we think. Brigid or Constance or something. Baader-Meinhof gang."
"Shit," Shaw said, noted Vicki didn't respond to the profanity.
"And this last one," Vicki swiped across the screen.
"You are truly fucking killing me. That's Cherry Powell, although that white is about the only color I've never seen her hair as," Shaw didn't turn and no longer cared what anyone thought about language not befitting a one-time English teacher, but pointed backwards with her left arm out over the valley, "born, grew up out there. Like Chris here. And like Peter."
"Paetor did not know her. Sheryl iss the one who recruited Carole to be our succubush and this one ass well," Vicki said, "but Paetor did not know either of them."
Vicki twisted to allow Chris a direct look. He shook his head.
"Chris, you never hang out with Council of The Dozen families?" Shaw offered a grim laugh that Chris returned, Mel and the aliens looked at each in turn.
"They're weirdos in this state," Mel said to Vicki and she offered a light cough and Anna nodded with a bit of force.
"Cherry and Sheryl were different social circles from Chris and definitely from Peter," Shaw went silent and inhaled deeply and held it for a moment, "but why are you showing us these?"
"The paeple, OUR paeple, who attacked Queen Anna and Paetor and caussed Highrider to crash. They sent nanomachiness to these humanss."
Shaw had a confused look as she turned to the younger pair.
"Vicki," the alien looked at Chris and her face seemed to soften, "you really mean nano sized? Really, not even specks of dust?"
She smiled slightly before she looked directly at Mel.
"He iss like Paetor, very, very shmart. Iss he a good fuck like Paetor was?"
Both Shaw and Anna exhaled hard and the tall alien huffed a second time as she stood beside her mother, Chris let out a quick laugh. But Mel beamed before she stepped closer and put her hands on Vicki's shoulders. Shaw saw the female guard, Laurel, who still stood by the van stiffen but Vicki made a soft sound and the broad female went back to her parade rest stance. The demon bent slightly and put her mouth near a pointed ear but her voice wasn't quite a whisper.
"Best on the planet, want to try him out?" Mel stood straight with the tip of her tongue between her lips and she and Vicki locked eyes.
Vicki's response was another sort-of growl out of her throat, deep and slow. Anna offered a sharp "WHAT?!?" Shaw looked at the tall girl, whose face showed shock. Chris just shrugged. The alien's leader reached up and put her right fingers just under Mel's chin and coaxed her face down again until she was close.
Vicki kissed her. Anna huffed hard as the two women's mouths opened slightly and Mel's body shivered quickly. Vicki slowly closed her mouth and they separated, Mel's lips worked slightly and she licked them for a moment with a broad smile and eyes that hid a secret.
"How do you know I will not shteal him from you, like I sstole Paetor from my loving daughter?"
"I... was... leaving... anyw---"
"She tellss hershelf that, helpss her sleep," Vicki interrupted her daughter.
Anna growled and shook with what Shaw took was anger or surprise. Or both. Shaw was beyond surprise. But it seemed Peter had been involved with both of these women, females, whatevers. So... that night in the storeroom, Anna had stated this Vicki had 'stolen my boyfriend' and it seemed this confirmed it...
"May the best fuck win. What's the use," Mel's voice was rasped seduction, "of being with the man with the most talented cock on the planet if you're not proving you can keep him? If us human women are going to keep our planet, we'd better be able to outfuck a few aliens. And like you said, he's way smarter than most of them."
Those bottomless black eyes glittered under that unruly black mop, her horns caught the mid-afternoon sun and seemed to glow. Solidly brown eyes offered their own sharp look back.
"You are a proper female. My daughter will not share her Bobby with her lonely mother," Vicki looked quickly at Anna, who offered an angry look back, "but business before pleashure. And yes, as this very ssmart male said, like specks of dusst. But, machiness."
Shaw exhaled hard.
"Tiny, tiny machines, oh, hell," she shook her head, "that's what Cherry told me. Way back in '81. At Sheryl's orgy..."
"Sounds like a good story, Joyce, you haven't told us about that," Mel said as she and Chris chuckled. Shaw glanced at them with a quick nod before she looked at Vicki.
"Cherry told me Sheryl had some deal. This Patrick was involved. Sheryl was going to provide them or somehow help them with 'tiny machines, a project in Europe.' Cherry was involved in the Church fire, where I met up with Peter and saw Queen Anna. Cherry was a Black Robe, sex cult. It was after Peter and Carole disappeared, I wanted to find out if the Black Robes had something to do with it because..."
After a moment she felt all eyes on her.
"Because Peter had to kill one of them, their leader, to save a girl named Bonnie. Well, he clubbed the guy, he might've been alive before the roof fell on him," she locked eyes with Vicki's, "and one of your probes killed another Black Robe."
Vicki's head tipped side to side a couple of times and her voice was low.
"Yes."
Shaw held a quick, tight smile. Confirmed.
"Took me months to track Cherry down. I didn't know who or what Patrick was, except I knew he was well trained, ex-soldier, something. He and I almost... killed each other. But it wasn't an official investigation and no real justification for me to keep after them. But why are these nano... whatevers an issue?"
"Becausse they are deshigned to kill paeple, your paeple and my paeple."
Shaw felt like her mouth was going to freeze into a gape. She looked at Chris.
"Vicki," he said, she looked at him and her expression changed, Shaw saw the tip of that square tongue, "people breathe them in?"
"Yess."
"How would they know? If you just breathe them in? Like poison?"
"No. Radio ssignal. Be like stroke, bleed to death."
"Can you detect them without a microscope? Would a good magnifying glass work?"
"No. But if they are in a bunch," Anna said after a glance from Vicki, "some people can hear them. A buzzing sound."
Chris nodded and had a distant gaze before he looked at Anna then Vicki. "Buzzy buzzy," he said and both aliens looked at him, "Peter knew, didn't he."
Mel looked at him for a moment then at the aliens as well. "That's why you took him?"
"Yess," said Vicki, "he could hear them. Had not yet figured out WHAT they were but would have. He was ssmart."
"Vicki," Chris looked hard at her and Shaw swore the alien's expression was as much lust as anything else, "can they reproduce themselves? In the body? Or out?"
"You are right to share thiss one," Vicki said as she looked at Mel, "he is ssmart. And ssexy."
Mel beamed and again Shaw swore the horns glowed internally. Plastic Halloween horns, right? What? This whole scene was... couldn't be real. Time to wake up.
"No, drudge," Vicki's voice had tried to take on Mel's rasp, "we do... not yet have that. We have the dessign they used. But we do not know who on Earth has the ssame."
"Detective," Chris said, "they'd just let them float, too small to see. People breathe them in, get absorbed. Someone activates them and they'll rip you apart from inside. It would take lots to do real damage but if they just float around like dust or pollen you'd slowly absorb them until they got the signal. But they need a machine to create them. At least for now, it sounds."
"Indeed. He iss very, very ssmart," the alien offered along with another soft growl.
"We, well, scientists," he continued, "we've discussed such things. We're nowhere near being able to build them but nothing in theory says we couldn't. Vicki's folks, well, are a bit more advanced than we are. Theories we could use them like medicine, fix injuries. Like that movie, 'Fantastic Voyage.'"
"You built these?" Shaw's voice was hard.
"No, Detective, not 'we,'" Vicki put emphasis on the single word, "the same faction that destroyed our ssatellite and killed our Queen did. Paetor dishcovered them, we think that wass why they attacked. They are all dead like my friend Queen Anna and Paetor. He was to be my mate buttshikashfemaless crashed the ssatellite. But your friend Sheryl---"
"She's not my friend," Shaw's voice wasn't much softer but her head spun at the revelations.
"She iss human. She recruited these terrorissts. They have some of these. Not enough to kill that many not even a thoushand. We usse them only for spying and have new blockss to prevent more killer oness. But if Sheryl or her paeple were given information on how to build them..."
She pointed at Mel then at Chris.
"Like thesse two, already posted our shecretss on your internet."
"Nothing about nanomachines on our padlet," Chris said, he'd kept it in his left hand tightly against his hip the entire discussion, "computers, chips, AI, fusion... No nanos."
"The firsst expedition did not have them," Vicki offered, "the technology was still prototypes when they left."
"But why tell US," Shaw drew her attention again, "we're just... a junior detective with no authority and two college kids with a bit of a reputation for crazy ideas. Well, a huge well-deserved reputation for crazy ideas. No slight intended."
"None taken," Mel rasped.
"The government's keeping it secret, or trying to, but they know what crashed. They've dug through it. Found bodies. And these two," Shaw continued and cocked her right arm to point a thumb at Mel and Chris, "told the world about your other satellites months ago. Why not land at the White House and knock on the front door?"
Vicki nodded, let out a slow exhale that to Shaw sounded like a sigh.
"We... would like to do thiss quietly. How do you ssay it daughter?"
Anna sighed. "Excuse us, we're from another planet and some of our rebels seem to have given human terrorists killer nanomachines. Could you be kind and help us prevent them from slaughtering people?"
"Not exactly 'take us to your leader,'" Mel added.
"Fair enough," Shaw said, "one last issue. We're here. You say they're in Europe. Cherry told me that's where the 'project' would be."
"My daughter can help you with money, maybe a European vacation would be fun," Vicki said, "also, we monitor your internet, television, more. Anna will help you get access."
"I went to Europe over spring break," Anna said and three heads nodded and their mouths opened slightly in recognition, "asked around what contacts we have. Couple slight leads but, well, my training was focused on how not to be noticed, not investigating criminals. And Bobby was good company but not much help."
"We can't go to Europe until after the quarter finishes," Mel said and Vicki nodded and shrugged.
"I do have some leave piled up," Shaw said, Vicki smiled at that.
"We have a couple of friendss in Europe, but they are not sho talented as you."
"Not like Jayne the Cat?" Mel's question but she looked at Anna.
"No," Vicki answered, "not... ones to chase terrorishts."
"Can you get me the data about whatever attacked your star?" Mel pointed at the padlet in Chris's hand, "Anna showed me on hers but ours won't let it connect to transfer. It is paranoid about you people but I need to study lots more."
"I will get it to you. And, ah, the Golden Criminalss," Vicki said roughly, "show me. I want to ssee."
Chris turned the padlet to face himself, tapped. He held up a finger and stepped backwards a few steps.
"Vicki, do you promise to not try to connect to it while I show you? It needs to hear you."
She spoke a quick sentence in the same language they'd heard from the van. Chris's padlet responded, in English, 'okay.' Chris held it up and showed Vicki the picture of the two aliens. Other than the golden eyes and paler skin they looked much like she did.
Anna had explained what little they knew about that couple's sabotage of the first expedition's starship to Mel and Chris, who'd passed it on to Shaw. She wondered if her assumption that Vicki's expression and stiff posture conveyed anger was correct. But then the alien softened.
"After what happened to us, I cannot hate them ass much ass I should," Vicki said slowly. The padlet went dark and Chris swung it back against his hip.
"It's humans, Earth," Chris said, "we're a bad influence."
"Not all of you," Vicki said, "we musst make a future. I know my daughter is nervouss, that we should go."
She looked back and exchanged a tight look with Anna, who nodded hard. The tall spy's expression turned to confusion as Vicki handed her padlet over.
"But," Vicki looked at Mel, "one lasst thing. I do not have much time on thiss lovely planet, I musst go back to ssit in endless meetingss."
She stepped forward and quickly threw her arms around Chris's neck and squeezed her body hard against him. She pulled his head down and kissed him on the mouth. Hard. His right arm went around her lower back and returned the embrace. She twisted slightly so she could rub the top of her left hip against his crotch. He shivered for a moment but held the kiss. She reached behind herself and encouraged his hand and he slid it over her ass and pressed it between her legs as she wrapped her right leg around him to offer an opening.
"MOM! What are you doing?"
"And here I thought my mother bursting in on me and Chris while we fucked was pretty extreme," Mel purred. Vicki broke the kiss but kept her left arm around Chris and that hip against his crotch before she turned sideways and stepped just far enough to allow her right hand to caress what was a suddenly obvious bulge.
"Ah, wow," Chris said, "that kiss... a shock."
"You noticed," Mel's voice was deep and raspy, Shaw and Anna stared open-mouthed, "do you need to leave before the morning, Vicki?"
"Mom," Anna was strident, "you can't..."
Vicki looked at her.
"Do not worry, daughter, I brought my bag. I am prepared. I have seen the videoss of these two."
Mel broke into a huge smile and Chris goosed Vicki which caused her to tighten her grip against his confined cock. Anna looked at Shaw and the policewoman detected the pleading in the tall young woman's face, but she simply shrugged.
"Mom... we can't..."
"We will have dinner," Vicki said, "we will arrive at sseven. I will bring my own food. We have food we can share but I did not bring any. We will bring beer and wine. Detective, pleashe come, I will not mind if you join. I think he can handle all of uss."
She quickly reached up and kissed Chris again before she separated from him and took her padlet from Anna and led the young woman toward the van. Suddenly she stopped and pointed her padlet at the trio and held it up. She turned it, they saw a photo of them with the vista of the valley. Laurel slid the door open and Vicki jumped in, turned and waved and the guard followed her in. Anna looked at them and shook her head before she walked past Hardy as she dug in her pocket for the keys. That male guard had barely pulled the passenger door closed before the tires spun for a moment in the damp, gravelly soil and the van jumped onto the pavement and turned and headed down the mountain with a slight squeal.
"Did that, any of that, really just happen?" Shaw said quietly as the van tore out of sight.
"I'm not sure," Mel quickly groped Chris's crotch and he exhaled, "this says it did. Terry didn't say anything about going out tonight, he might like a surprise visit. Well, a surprise besides a real alien showing up for dinner."
"I'm not on duty tonight..."
"Were you really at an orgy?" Chris asked her.
"Yeah, a few," she shrugged, tried to make it nonchalant as Mel snorted before she continued, "on that subject, we might want to discuss things... But. Vicki's story."
"You knew, know, those people?"
"Yes. Unfortunately it all holds together," she looked hard to the pair, "I sometimes wish that I'd gotten a call on my way to your place that Saturday. A standard everyday convenience store robbery. Or something. Anything. Or better yet, that a bunch of idiot thugs hadn't suddenly showed up in a restaurant to steal drugs. I'd have never met Dave and never met you two. Damn. I'd just be off doing my job happily and totally unaware of all of this."
Mel laughed.
"Yeah, if this one had just dragged me back to his place and fucked me there instead of raping me in public on the hill... woulda never seen that satellite coming down. Woulda just heard the news, believed it. But, really, you, all of us, were always going to end up here."
Mel stepped back and slipped her arm around Chris and he returned the gesture.
"Oh, how's that?"
"Peter. As soon as you decided to take him home that Halloween you were locked in. And that would've been when me and Chris didn't meet at the movie and he didn't end up in prison... From then we were all locked in."
Damn this girl, this woman. No. Demon. She IS a demon. Shaw nodded at the car.
Chris turned and Mel met him and they kissed quickly, licked their lips. Shaw walked around the car to the rear passenger door.
"It's a nice night," Chris said as the pair separated and Chris stepped to the driver's door as Mel licked her lips, "we'll get some stuff on the way home, do a BBQ. Ok for you Joyce?"
"Sounds like a plan."
"Good. It's a long drive home, you can tell us about these orgies."

Guess Who's Coming to Dinner


Sam

Sam took the near empty bag of briquettes from Chris as he created a hollow pile of them in the large barbecue that had been left at the house. They'd used it regularly before the winter had set in but this was the first time they'd rolled it out of the garage on an appropriately warm early spring night. Teresa hadn't told her WHY they were having a Wednesday night barbecue the first week of April but had been strangely insistent she attend.
She'd decided that hanging with Chris was the better choice when Mel had come downstairs in full demon, tail, black wings and bare skin under her black blazer and tiny black skirt with red pleats and black thigh-highs but no garters. She also had the relatively sedate six-inch heels from Halloween instead of the insane platforms from Chris's birthday party.
But she'd not been any more forthcoming.
Terry had returned sweaty from a hard run to discover the preparations. He'd just slipped into his room after a quick shower when Joyce Shaw had arrived.
"Get in there and help him get dressed," Mel had shooed Joyce into Terry's room. Despite their quick friendship the detective hadn't offered Sam useful information either so she'd finally decided to head outside and help Chris and leave this annoying bunch to their secrets and food prep in the kitchen.
Sam watched Chris dump the burning briquettes from the chimney. He handed the device to her and she set it on the large concrete square and dumped the last of the briquettes in and packed newspaper in the bottom. She glanced quickly and had a twinge of unhappiness when she noticed him not looking at her. She'd finally succumbed and bought an 'enhanced cleavage' bra like Mel wore, when she bothered, and a specially chosen tight tee with the deepest square cut she'd ever worn. The open flaps of her light jacket simply framed the view that she'd decided the surprise invitation warranted.
She looked as hot as she'd ever looked, well, in her own opinion at least, especially with jeans that were tighter than a second skin. But neither Teresa nor Mel had even noticed, much less leered, and even Joyce hadn't reacted.
She lit the newspaper and stood to finally catch Chris's eyes. He smiled softly and shuffled over to slide his arm across her shoulders and she put hers around his waist and snuggled in and he leaned and put his mouth near her ear.
"I'm glad you never dressed like this when we went out, Sam, I had enough trouble controlling myself," he kissed her cheek. She twisted around in front of him and reached up to his neck and he read her and leaned and their mouths met. She pushed her hip into his crotch and rubbed as their tongues slowly wrapped around each other. She felt him react immediately and smiled. She'd seen this cock in action and had 'helped' now and again.
But WHAT did she want NOW?
She backed off and lessened the pressure of their contact but didn't break it.
"Sorry you had to, Chris, I didn't... no one inside noticed..."
"C'mon, Sam, it's fine. Things today have been... weird. And they're going to get even... well, more."
She rotated slightly and slid her hand down his chest, he had a thin tee under a flannel shirt but no jacket. He huffed as her hand found his hard prick constrained in denim and did a slow downstroke against it and squeezed the head.
"At least someone here noticed me," she winked at him and started an upstroke, "my new clothes..."
"Are excellent," he said.
"What's going on tonight? No one in there will say anything." Sam spoke and looked at him with a combination of firmness and pleading. His mouth quirked, she snorted slightly, it was a tone she'd not used with him since she'd told him she was dumping him to be with Teresa. And now she stroked his very talented cock. A cock she'd denied entry eighteen months ago not from lack of want but from indecision before by fate he took her to racquetball.
And lost her.
"You came out here to pump me for information?"
"Uh, um," but his smile meant he didn't mind, or so she thought, then he leaned and kissed down her chest and used his left hand to cup her right breast. She shivered and squeezed his cock harder as he worked the barely hidden nipple clear and the combination of cool air and his warm tongue had it fully erect in an instant. He slid the hand across her stomach as his tongue worked and she shuffled her feet wider and moaned as he pressed between her legs. It was ridiculous that he immediately found her clit and had it angry with a few quick strokes.
"Maybe I just came out here to cum," she said hoarsely, knew it was a pale imitation to what the demon could do but neither Chris's tongue nor his fingers slowed. She used her left hand to press his head tighter against her chest and opened her legs wide and pumped her hips to encourage his fingers. Her stroking halted as her pussy soaked the panties she'd almost skipped wearing and she held Chris even tighter.
She didn't know how long they'd been there when she grunted and jerked her hips, Chris took her weight as her legs went rubbery with her hard and fast climax. She pushed him upright and wrapped him in a tight hug and put her cheek against his shoulder as the last waves in her crotch settled.
As rational thought returned she realized she still didn't know the trigger for this whole evening. She did know her underwear was soaked. She pressed her body against his clothed erection.
"I owe you one," she said before she caught his eyes, "maybe I'll make it ice cream worthy?"
"Sounds good," he winked and kissed her quickly.
"But I still don't know why all this tonight!"
He looked up and she turned her head to see the rear of a white van that had stopped just past the driveway, most of it obscured by the high hedge that separated them from the neighbors.
"Anna's coming for dinner," he said, "that's her I'd say."
"Anna? Haven't seen her since your party before spring break... do need to thank her."
The van stayed motionless for a moment before it slickly reversed into the driveway and came to a stop with the rear side passenger door even with the side door on the house.
"She's bringing her mother," he said simply, "and a couple of her mother's friends, I'd assume. They're all a bit... odd."
Sam's mouth dropped open and it took her a moment. "Her mom? Her mom's dead. And her dad. The accident..."
Sam was suddenly conscious of their clinch, the sun was low which left the yard in heavy shadow but they were still visible to the van's mirrors. She spun but kept herself alongside Chris so they both faced the van as it went quiet.
"Not her Mustang?"
"Too many people."
The driver's door opened and Anna jumped out and quickly walked around the back of the van.
"Hey, Chris, Sam, hi," she said, they each lifted an arm in a wave. She pulled open the rear doors and they saw a box and a silver item. Movement was visible inside the van but no faces were visible.
"Is that a pony keg, Anna?" Chris asked.
"Yeah, just leave it, I'll get one of... um," she pointed at the van, "them. You have that tub for it? It's cold, we have ice."
"Yeah, Sam, can you open the garage door? I need to dump these briquettes and smooth out the pile, still have CO2 in there," the redhead nodded, used her hidden hand to squeeze his ass and turned to walk through the open door in the side of the garage and tapped the button and heard the opener crank the big door. She saw the washtub on its hook and took a step and froze. She felt something odd, she knew she was flushed from Chris's attention but there was something more. She looked. Oh. Her right breast was almost completely exposed with her bra and shirt pushed down. Had Anna seen? Had her jacket covered the view? Her face heated a bit more and she quickly adjusted her bra and shirt to force the still hard nipple out of sight before taking a slow and deep breath. She grabbed the tub and watched the back of the door as it rose and saw black clad legs approach from the direction of the van and Chris's jeans and sneakers at the right edge of the garage.
She saw the bottom edge of the keg. Held by someone. Some one. A full pony keg? She smiled as Chris bent and slipped under the door as it rose and she watched him walk to the corner where the tub had been for the CO2 cylinder. She turned back to look toward the van and her jaw dropped and she almost dropped the washtub. Nothing about this evening seemed to make sense.
The man who held the keg was huge. Sam thought that Bobby was the biggest guy she'd ever met. He'd left a big and chunky guy early last summer and had returned a big and toned guy but since hooking up with Anna they'd both been dedicated gym rats and they were ripped. Even in the strange and ugly black suit it was obvious this man was bulkier than both of them. He had a black hat on, the kind she'd seen her dad and uncles wear when she was very young, that kind in the old detective movies. His dark hair was short and he had dark sunglasses on.
"Hey, Sam," Anna stopped next to the huge man, each hand carried a large bag of ice, "you ok? You look pretty flushed."
"Uh..."
"She'll be fine," said Chris as he took the tub from the redhead and set it on the concrete floor, "your friend is a bit, um, intimidating."
"Oh, hey," the tall brunette said, "Sam, this is Hardy. Hardy, Sam. He already met Chris."
Sam saw the merest nod from the man before Anna said something softly but it wasn't English. The man took a step and put the keg into the tub. She ignored Chris and Anna dumping the ice to surround the keg as she walked out of the garage and watched the man, Hardy, as he took a few steps and seemed to scan the back yard that was hidden by buildings and hedges. He moved smoothly and more lightly than seemed proper for a man his size.
"Bobby teaching that weightlifting class tonight?" Sam heard Chris's question, he seemed to be miles away.
"Yeah, Mondays and Wednesdays like last quarter. He has my car," Anna's last bit didn't express pure joy, "first week of the quarter, not a good one to miss. I usually go and work out while he teaches it, wear the skimpiest leotard I have. Lots of hot muscle boys there to watch, he doesn't mind me leering because I take it out on him after."
"Any blood get to their MUSCLES?" Chris said with a chuckle.
"Not if I can help it!"
Sam shook her head. The girl was as bad as Mel! She tried to rerun the events since she'd come outside but Chris had totally derailed her thoughts. Not that she minded too much, at least he'd noticed her new clothes. And more. Hardy glanced at the grill full of hot briquettes, looked at the picnic table, then walked a tight circle before he went between the van and the house and stopped to stand at the front corner and seemed to watch the road.
Mother. Sam's review got to that point. She turned, Anna and Chris laughed softly at something as he finished hooking up the CO2 cylinder and he directed Anna to get one of the plastic cups from a sleeve. Unsurprisingly, foam filled it and she poured it over the ice. A second filling began to run liquid.
Anna's mother. Not dead in a car accident. Here. Where? Sam looked at the house. She turned back to the pair who sampled the amber liquid in the clear plastic cup. Had she actually been a missionary?
"Anna," she turned her head, "your mother? I thought..."
"I... I might've been a bit... well, inaccurate. But I guarantee my dad has passed away."
'Inaccurate?' Sam mulled the word. Chris handed the cup to Anna and walked off as Sam heard footsteps on the concrete driveway, likely Mel bringing food out for Chris to cook. Anna retrieved another cup.
"Want one Sam? I can guarantee you've never had this beer."
"Isn't this one of Bobby's specials?"
"No," the tall brunette said as she carefully filled the cup, "my mother brought it."
She handed it to Sam as someone stepped alongside.
"Is this the special brew? Hey, Sam, hi, sorry about in there, Mel's a bit hyper tonight and dragged me away. Nice shirt, good as your angel costume."
She sipped the beer. "Thanks, Joyce. At least Chris noticed me. Hey, this is really good."
Joyce accepted a cup and sipped. "Anna, this IS good. What's the story?"
"I'll let mom explain," she had Joyce hold a cup as she filled a second, "if we can pry her off of Chris."
Sam's immediate anger at that surprised her but she thought she mostly hid it. She and Joyce turned and followed Anna out of the garage and just around the corner where she saw Chris and a woman next to him. They looked at something on the tray of burgers and hot dogs on the picnic table. The woman was oddly dressed, high heeled boots, a long skirt with slits on the sides and some sort of cloak or cape that reached just to her thighs.
With a hood. She seemed to be about the same height as Sam, although in her sneakers Sam would be looking up a bit. But the woman was definitely shorter than her daughter.
But mostly Sam noticed the woman's posture as she leaned into Chris, a position that had been hers just a few minutes earlier. Holy shit, Chris was such a slut! But she paused. Was she really upset? It's not like she hadn't been the one who'd dumped him... And if this was Anna's mother she had to be how old...
She glanced to her left, saw Joyce's enigmatic smile and her slight head shake as she looked at the pair. And thought of Maria before she looked back as the woman snuggled even more tightly against Chris.
"Mom," Anna said sharply as she stopped at the woman's left shoulder, "if you don't get off him he won't be able to cook dinner for us."
Sam watched the stranger's head turn but the hood obscured any view of the face and she stayed close to Chris.
"He iss a thorough and smart male," Sam's expression showed concentration at the accent, then her mouth dropped as she watched a slender arm covered to the elbow by the cape rub across Chris's back before the hand found its way onto his right ass cheek, "he wantss to learn to prepare my food properly."
"Don't try to figure where she's from, Sam," Joyce's voice was low, "just ride it out."
"Ok, well I got him a beer to try," Anna's voice was firm, "and people are hungry. Besides, you're being rude. You've wanted to meet Sam."
Sam heard an odd growl before the hand pressed quickly between Chris's legs then it retreated and the woman reached out and grabbed one of the beers from Anna then stepped away and turned toward Chris.
"We call thiss 'Highrider Red,' my paeple made it, pleasse tell me if it iss good."
Chris nodded and accepted a cup and sipped. Then he looked forward and took a long and slow drink.
"Vicki, that's excellent. It's even better than what Bobby and Howard usually get us."
The woman, Vicki apparently, seemed to purr from what Sam could hear. She suddenly remembered she had a cup in her hand and took a drink. Chris was right. It really was very good.
"Now, I better get cooking or else we will be going hungry. Laurel and Hardy are fine with just burgers and hot dogs?"
"Indeed," Vicki confirmed, "three or four of each for each of them should be adequate."
She took the half empty cup from Chris and handed it to Anna. "Be a good daughter and refill it for him."
Anna huffed but walked quickly to the keg. Vicki turned and walked toward Joyce as Chris set to work on transferring meats from the platter he had on the picnic table onto the hot side of the long rectangular grill. Sounds of sizzling were immediate.
"Detective," Vicki said and Joyce raised her beer glass slightly before the caped woman turned and faced the redhead with a quick glance back at Joyce.
"Sam," the detective said and Sam glanced at her then back at the strange face, "I'd like to introduce Vikrangia Skyburster, Council President of the Second Sylvan Expedition, call her Vicki. This is Samantha Taylor, but call her Sam."
"You are the biologisst, Ssam. I am also a biologisst."
Sam started to speak but just stood with her mouth gaped open. Anna's mom was indeed about her height, she saw hair not far from Aron's milk chocolate brown gathered by the hood to fall across a bare, left shoulder. The cape was gathered below the chin but was otherwise open and showed a sari-like garment that wrapped around breasts that easily matched hers and then around the waist to fall in front and behind but open down the outsides of her thighs. Her upper chest and her stomach showed pale skin that reminded Sam of her own skin. And firm but not bulky muscles.
Except Vicki's skin had some sort of pattern on it.
The eyes were brown, not gold like the picture and like those eyes Vicki's had no whites. But the face. Sam's subconscious forced her training into gear. Despite the eyes, she and Anna... matched. Their cheekbones, more. There was a connection. Somehow.
Sam slowly realized two things. Vicki's right hand was held out and lips the same color as her skin surrounded a mouth that was in a broad smile. Sam blinked repeatedly and took a deep breath before she shifted her beer to her left hand and finally reached. The fingers were long and wrapped around her hand unexpectedly and the skin had an odd feel, more like a pelt with the fur removed.
"I like surprise, sorry about my cape," Vicki released Sam's hand, "my daughter inssisted I wear it."
"No... no...," Sam managed.
"Sam," the redhead turned to Joyce's voice, "breathe, ok? My CPR is really rusty..."
"Are you really... mother...," was all Sam could manage.
"Yess, I am Anna'ss proud mother," Vicki said, "I have pictures of her ass a baby, inside the houshe. After dinner."
"Missionary?"
"Yess, in a way," Joyce chuckled at the alien's answer, "I would like to talk DNA with you someday. But maybe not time tonight."
"Oh, yeah, I... would like that," Sam nodded and fought the urge to run to the street and throw herself under the next bus. Vicki wagged her head from side to side a couple of times and grabbed a beer out of Anna's hand after her daughter had set a full one on the table where Chris had already retrieved it for a long swallow. Mother's and daughter's eyes crackled at each other for a moment and Anna huffed and walked to the keg to apparently get herself one.
"I will go insside," Vicki said, "see how they are doing."
Sam watched her walk away. Her training again kicked in and she registered the gait, the not quite human flow as she moved. Her panic receded before she looked at Joyce.
"You... could've told me, detective."
"Oh?" Joyce's voice was light.
"Anna really wasn't born in Africa, was she?"
"No, Sam," Joyce's voice was soft even though the tall girl followed her mother into the house, Chris caught both sets of eyes through the heat haze that rose off of his grill, "it was a bit further than that."

International Relations


Sam

"C'mon, let's go," Sam said as the naked redhead slid off the bed and grabbed her lover's hands and pulled.
"Where, Sam? What...," an equally-naked Teresa said as she resisted for a moment before she relented and slid off the bed.
"I need to see... they're... up there," Sam said as she released Teresa's hands and twisted and looked in the single lamp's light at the pile of clothes on the floor before her eyes found the two robes. She seemed surprised they were in the usual places on the pair of hooks on the closed bedroom door. She walked quickly to the door and grabbed Teresa's robe and tossed it to her and hurriedly pulled her own on and sloppily tied the wrap so it covered only her erect pink nipples and left the inner swell of each breast exposed. She reached her left hand out and impatiently shook it while she looked at the door and back at Teresa.
"Chris's room," Teresa said slowly, "you want to go up to Chris's room?"
"SHE's up there," Sam's voice had an edge of anxiety, "with them. Those two."
"They're always bringing chicks home," Teresa said but her smile cracked a bit.
Sam leaned and grabbed Teresa's hand. The thin girl still held her robe but hadn't put it on and resisted slightly until Sam looked at her again. Teresa offered a slight nod then shook her hand loose and swung her robe as she pulled it on.
"Go," she said, "I'm right behind you."
Sam smiled broadly and opened the door and walked out as Teresa cinched her robe as she followed, both barefoot. Sam quickly took the three steps on the basement linoleum and hit the carpeted stairs and climbed rapidly, her robe flapped around the middle of her thighs as the loosely tied sash gave up and the robe fell open but it didn't slow the redhead.
She stopped at the top of the stairs and glanced back as Teresa climbed at a deliberate pace. A voice to her left caused Sam to twist her head and look through the kitchen to the dining room table beyond.
A blocky head with its dark hair in a crew cut turned slightly to glance at her without changing its stern expression, eyes still hidden behind the dark glasses. The second head followed its turn, the short ponytail swished but otherwise the expression was like a mirror. Both heads turned back to the cards held in two sets of large hands with small piles on the table in front of each and their hats on the table. Sam had the immediate impression the two 'guards,' Laurel and Hardy for some unexplained reason, were playing War. A game she hadn't played since she'd been ten years old.
Just at that moment Anna came around the corner, apparently from the living room. She had a glass mug that had the merest bit of reddish liquid in the bottom and her face offered the same mixture of annoyance and frustration she'd worn all evening. But that morphed to a soft smile as the young woman's loose brunette hair shook around her head and she seemed to laugh as her eyes worked their way down Sam's body. The smile broadened as her gaze fixed on the closely trimmed red bush exposed by the open robe. She held her smile and ignored the card players and opened the fridge to pull out a pitcher of that excellent Highrider Red and refilled her mug.
Sam wondered about that for a moment, the girl had kept her mug filled all night. But Teresa's slight snort at her shoulder reminded her of the evening at the Green Parrot in February with that tall girl and her apparent immunity to even shots of straight tequila.
"We were... um, going, uh," Sam started to speak but then just lifted her right arm and pointed up the second set of stairs.
Anna's hair swirled as she laughed and shook her head and mouthed 'wait.' She kept the pitcher and quickly moved across the kitchen and set her full mug on the counter top then she reached and opened a cabinet door and pulled out a second mug. She drained the pitcher into it and turned and walked quickly and offered the mug to Sam.
"Give it to Chris," Anna said as Sam took the mug, "he'll probably need replenishment. My mother can be... demanding."
Sam thought about responding but Anna spun and grabbed her beer as she walked quickly and turned the corner that led to the living room. Sam had seen Anna's relationship with Vicki. They loved each other. But. Sam was pretty sure having an alien mother might lead to some tensions. She and Teresa caught eyes then they looked at the full mug and shrugged and Sam led the way up the stairs.
Sam blinked and stood frozen halfway from the door to the bed. She sensed Teresa's touch at her arm and released the mug and felt more than saw her girlfriend walk toward Chris's computer table.
There was an alien on Chris's bed. A... creature not born on Earth. Not of Earth. But still an intelligent, very intelligent creature.
And seemingly a very horny creature.
Sam knew her expression was gape-mouthed. But she didn't care. She also knew two black eyes looked at her, surrounded by a bouncing black mop and below that a broad grin and topped by glistening horns. But for possibly the first time neither that dark-eyed succubus nor her beautiful boyfriend were the focus of her attention.
The body, the naked body, sandwiched between those two olive beauties was pale. But not quite as pale as her daughter. Or even quite as pale as her own skin's normal tone. Sam glanced down along the gap shown by her open robe and a soft smile formed. She momentarily wished her own pale skin had that same crazy-quilt pattern as had the body on the bed. Joyce had described seeing Queen Anna at that weird-ass Halloween party in '80 and had told her the patterns were different. Evolutionary camouflage? Mating display? Vicki had shown them pictures and videos of both her home world and the satellites and they'd seen a number of Vicki's and the Queen's 'paeple' as she pronounced it that indeed showed it was universal and personal.
Sam's training forced its way to the forefront of her brain. Chris stood at the foot of the bed, a position she'd seen him in before. But it was the raised legs bent at the hips and knees and twined behind Chris's back that entranced her eyes. His arms wrapped those legs and his hands massaged firm thighs and Sam confirmed the odd musculature Vicki's garments had only offered in glimpses.
She saw him slowly withdraw most of his cock. It took her a moment to realize the difference.
He had a condom on. And some sort of cloth that hid that dark pubic hair that Mel trimmed to little more than a buzz cut. It was like his cock had pushed through that cloth. She lost the view as he reburied his cock with enough force the body he impaled jumped but those hips wiggled.
Hips that were... wrong. No. They accorded perfectly with Sam's memories of Vicki's stride. Broader range of motion than a human. Same with the knees.
Sam couldn't see the head, the face. They were obscured by a combination of Mel's tiny black and red skirt and her stocking-covered thighs as she squatted over that alien face. Those thin but muscular and overly long arms pushed aside Mel's blazer and worked at hugely erect red nipples. Mel had no shoes on but as usual her stockings had thicker feet. Or were they really cloven hooves that she always kept hidden?
Mel had reached behind herself and caressed Vicki's tits that matched hers and Mel's for size and shape and had nipples that might, just might be seen as human. That devil's tail ran from its home on Mel's waistband and onto Vicki's chest to wind between her breasts with the pointed tip angled off of her abdomen. Shoulders that matched hips in their inhuman movements.
Sam wished for an x-ray. Maybe Anna would get her one...
Anna.
Mother. Daughter. How? Anna's skin was pale but had no patterns. Not to mention Anna's gait and carriage were odd but only people like herself, like Aron, well-trained in human anatomy, would notice that. But it wasn't INhuman. Her eyes were also a bit oddly shaped but now Sam better understood that too. But Anna was tall with a great figure so most people, especially men, wouldn't care. Some of those others, like Anna's friends Kim and Angie in Vicki's pictures, had more extreme issues in the couple of short videos they'd been in. They could walk the Earth but wouldn't likely want to be seen clearly and openly but they'd be less noticeable than Vicki, unless she replicated the dead Queen Anna and used Halloween as cover! Smart, that. But this Anna, nothing about her screamed alien. Sam hadn't been able to extract an explanation out of Vicki or Anna, the how of mother and daughter and those other, not so complete, girls.
Instead she'd agreed to visit Vicki's satellite after the quarter ended. Vicki had promised a thorough explanation at that time.
Sam's brain locked on that thought. Going to space. Her eyes were open but this had to all be a dream.
Including the deep, rasped voice that seemed to call her name. She blinked repeatedly. Two coal black eyes bore into her as black hair bounced around them. No. They looked into her. Read her soul.
Mel's mouth opened and she arched her neck back but held her eyes locked on Sam's. The demon's hips jerked and the thin but taut arms stiffened and those long-fingered hands squeezed tightly those breasts that ignored gravity. Sam glanced and saw that Chris hadn't slowed his strokes and those legs seemed to encourage him to keep up his pace.
"Sam," the husky rasp said her name again, this time her eyes focused on Mel's and the child of the underworld's smile was an order. That face directed her to the head of the bed.
"Get that packet on the headboard, Sam," Mel said as her hips gyrated, "we'll need it."
Sam saw it on the headboard. On the bed just below it was the little leather bag Vicki had brought that was not quite as big as the backpack she carried around campus and now zipped open. She took a few steps and grabbed the plastic packet on the headboard, it contained wet, thin cotton cloths with one just sticking out of the slit on top.
"Aaaaahhhhhh," Mel moaned and Sam looked down, Vicki's light brown hair was all that was visible around Mel's pleated black and red skirt. But whatever the view, Mel's climax was a good one. However the parts fit together, the alien biologist knew how to work a human, well, a demonic cunt, and her reward was one of those patented floods of Mel's gooey cum.
Mel's voice went silent and she froze for a moment. Sam jumped slightly when the demon snapped her legs and vaulted over Vicki's still prone form to land on the side opposite from where Sam stood. Mel looked at her and reached out and Sam extended her arms and Mel quickly grabbed one cloth then another. Sam's view followed Mel's gaze and she watched her friend use the cloths.
The alien's eyes were closed and her mouth was open. She twisted her head slightly as Mel wiped her face and neck then reached for a third cloth and gave Vicki a final wipe down. Those weird, solidly brown eyes opened. Her hair was matted and sticky but she didn't seem to care.
"Ah, Ssam," Vicki said as she craned her neck, Sam smiled, "I am glad you made it."
She clenched her legs and Chris went still, his cock buried in Vicki's body.
"C'mon, Sam, take a turn," Mel's voice was slow and deep.
"We are the ssame height," Vicki's vocal imitation didn't really match Mel but it still hit Sam deeply, "tasste me. I will tasste you."
Sam realized her mouth was open but no words came immediately. She looked along Vicki's body. Her breasts were... beautiful. Her nipples were all but human, areolas were like her pupils and more oblong than round, but at least on breasts nothing Sam hadn't seen on human women. Her rib cage wasn't right. No. It was right. It just wasn't human. Ribs ended at the wrong place, the wrong way. No. Right for her. But the fact that Chris's beautiful cock was where it was... convergent evolution had worked overtime thirty-two light year apart.
"It iss time for thiss male to fuck my ass," Vicki said as she kept those eyes locked on Sam's, "we will make each other feel good. He has already fucked me twice."
Sam realized that she hadn't noticed Mel had slid off the bed and stood behind her. She glanced for an instant at Teresa, who was seated at that table covered by computers. Her lover had an enigmatic smile but she offered the slightest nod and Mel's hands caressed Sam's neck before she took the robe and stripped it off of the redhead. Vicki moved her legs and Chris pulled out, his erection still covered by the sheath.
"Chris," Teresa said softly, he turned and she held the beer mug up. He nodded and took the few steps to get it and drank deeply. He walked to the bed and Vicki sat up and he held the mug so she could take her own long drink. That 'food' Vicki had brought had looked like a steak, any steak, but she'd told Sam there were differences in proteins. But apparently beer was shareable. Coffee, wine and whiskey, of all things, also were popular 'up there.' Then Sam shook her head and looked at Chris and he leaned and kissed the redhead slowly, two mouths open. He broke the kiss and Vicki turned and Mel nudged Sam forward, the alien looked her in the eyes again. Sam guessed what she wanted and she leaned.
Her mouth met Vicki's. She tried to back away but Mel applied light pressure to her back. It felt like when her cousins had teased her until she'd touched her tongue with a nine-volt battery. No. Batteries. Five or six.
But this was steady. Then... it settled. She felt a tongue that she knew was red and square and its tip pressed against hers. She recovered to push back. The burn became a strong tingle but it didn't go away. After another moment Mel loosened her pressure and Sam moved her face a foot from Vicki's and looked at her wide eyed. She licked her lips with stuttering shocks as the alien grinned at her.
She felt fingers at her breast and Vicki slid on the bed Sam felt a tingle as a mouth latched onto her breast, the same one Chris had sucked earlier, and a tongue swirled and coaxed that nipple erect again. Chris. Teresa. Now Vicki. She was almost as big a slut as Chris. But it felt good and she caressed the back of Vicki's neck and felt the vertebrae, familiar but just enough wrong.
She watched as Mel set that leather bag on the floor and knelt in front of Chris, both side-on to Sam. He still had the beer and took a sip as Mel pulled the cloth from his pubic region and removed the condom. She sucked the hard cock into her mouth as Sam felt the mouth move to her other breast. She reached down. Vicki had said that her 'paeple' reproduced in essentially the same way as humans and breasts supplied 'milk' to the infants. Big brains but limited pelvic space. Evolution had found the same solution.
Mel rummaged in the bag as she sucked and Sam assigned a hand to each breast. Nipples responded like a human's. But the literal shock of the kiss. She'd been curious before but now it was piqued even higher. What was Vicki's crotch like? Clearly she had some sort of... opening. Chris had been there. Multiple times it seemed. And she'd said Chris would fuck her ass. So. No wonder this creature and Mel were fast friends. Mel released the cock and slipped a fresh cloth along it then quickly slipped a condom into her mouth and unrolled it onto her boyfriend's cock.
It was nuts the skills that girl had. Sam had heard of such a thing but to see it?
Mel rose quickly holding the bag and kissed Chris hard on the mouth. Then she turned.
"Enough foreplay, you two," hot breath hit Sam's sensitized nipple and Vicki coughed, the sound Sam had earlier in the evening discovered was a laugh.
The alien slid again onto her back and pulled at Sam. Mel knelt at the foot of the bed between Vicki's splayed legs. She leaned in and quickly kissed the alien's hairless pussy before she pushed her tongue out and slowly licked from the bottom to the top of what must be a slit, although Sam couldn't quite see, before a noticeable pause at a position where a clit would be. Mel immediately pulled her head back and closed her eyes and opened her mouth with a deep and hard breath and her unbuttoned blazer flapped to expose hugely erect blood red nipples. Then she opened her eyes and Sam couldn't read Mel's expression beyond the invitation. No. The demand.
Sam crawled over Vicki's prone form, felt kisses on her flesh as she moved. She returned a couple first on each nipple to immediate reaction then as abs merged into the pubic region. The alien's skin pattern wasn't raised and it all felt like that first handshake, a feel not quite human skin. The pattern was purely visual.
"Taste her, Sam," Mel's voice was a deep and slow command. Black eyes glittered and Sam obeyed. She straddled her legs around Vicki's head and those long fingers had returned to her breasts. Red hair fell around widely spread legs and the aroma Sam inhaled was unique as she kissed toward her target. The view was almost as familiar as the aroma was different.
Sam flicked her tongue against the prominent clit she saw and immediately felt the same shock from the kiss. She moved slightly further and rubbed her tongue across the alien nub to get a tingled shock and stopped to inhale deeply and swore that Vicki's pussy lips rippled quickly. Without thinking on that she imitated the demon's lick in reverse and slid her tongue between those lips and quickly pushed downward and swore that the lips did indeed quiver as she moved. Not quite halfway down the shuddered and used her hands on either side of Vicki's hips to push up until she felt a hand against the back of her neck.
"Hooo... llly... SHIT," Sam spluttered and her mouth went wide with her tongue out and her eyes closed, "aaahhhh!"
"Hold still, Sam," Mel's voice commanded, Sam froze and sprayed liquid hit her face, lips and tongue before it closed in and a second spray was aimed directly on her tongue. The hard burn lessened as quickly and her muscles relaxed and she opened her eyes. Mel's expression was kind but with plenty of amusement.
"How the HELL did you do what you did, Mel? More," Sam said and opened her mouth and Mel gave her another quick spritz, she closed her mouth and swirled the liquid and Vicki made a series of those odd throat sounds, sort of 'growling.' She'd heard Mel make similar sounds she'd learned from that weird pad thing they had the last few weeks and Vicki had taught her a few more over the course of the evening. It was apparently a parallel language that was mostly used by these alien females and they'd heard examples in some of the videos. Their guest had told them males hardly ever used such sounds and Sam wondered how gay and transgender folks worked in such a society. Something else to dig into on her visit into space.
Her attention was brought back to her immediate situation when she felt a mouth suck quickly on her clit before... something, was pressed against and into her pussy. The touch was gentle but clearly sensual.
"It iss the ssame for both," Vicki said slowly as her fingers worked their way into Sam's body.
"This, Red," Sam focused on Mel, she had something rubbery in her hand. Then she heard an exhaled laugh from the chair.
"A dental dam," Teresa said with a thoughtful tone as she sat at the edge of the chair with her elbows on her thighs, "well, mostly. Shaped kinda weird."
"Allows access to... interesting areas," Mel purred and she placed it over Vicki's pussy, "ready, Sam, just push in with your tongue and fingers. Don't worry, just do what you'd do."
"Right, Sam," Teresa's voice had morphed more to amusement, "get your tongue in deep."
Sam shivered as a finger pushed into her pussy at the same time a mouth and square-tipped tongue wrapped the dam tightly around her own clit. Her flesh responded quickly to what were quite expert ministrations. Sam tried to match the efforts. How much practice had this bitch had?!? No freaking alien was going to eat pussy better than her! She pushed her own fingers into the sleeve built into the dam, it was thin and very flexible and allowed her to use the full length of her fingers and to move them freely. Flesh rippled against her in a rhythmic wave that couldn't be accidental. Her fingers stopped but after an instant she regained her initiative and worked her own pelvic muscles and her fingers and mouth. She thought she heard a laugh, deep, guttural.
The view through slitted eyes darkened, the only light was a lamp on the far side table of the bed. Then she saw Chris's robed cock, it gleamed with what little light made it through that showed lube on it, her memories rekindled of the night the four of them had moved into this house. The steamy movie and Sam's role in greasing the hard and lovely cock that was just below her, Mel's ass being the happy recipient that night. Sam twisted her hand and ran a free finger along Vicki's perineum, the distance seemed maybe longer, at least compared to Teresa. Her finger trailed along a cock that was indeed lubed and the body below her shifted slightly and the mouth wrapped more tightly around her clit as that cock disappeared completely in a single, quick thrust into the alien's back door. Chris's body pressed against Sam's head as they played their parts and Sam's mind quickly rewound her debt to Chris and how she'd promised to pay.
"Vicki didn't just bring protection," Mel's voice was right in Sam's ear and a hard cylinder traced along her cheek and with a click it vibrated along her cheek and Sam snorted but kept at her tasks while Chris increased his pace and Vicki wiggled her hips and caused Sam to jump slightly when she held the redhead's clit with her teeth without actually biting. Mel slid the humming vibrator across Sam's skin and used it and fingers to reassure nipples that they hadn't been abandoned and wouldn't be ignored. After a few moments the waves of pleasure from her crotch overlapped with those from her tits. It wasn't fair. It was bad enough that this alien slut under her didn't miss a beat in her cunt with Chris slamming her ass but Sam well knew this damn horned bitch attacking her tits could make a statue cum if she wanted it to!
Sam exhaled hard and pushed her fingers deeper as Mel finally moved the vibrator away from her screaming nipples onto her stomach and then angled sideways onto the outside of her hip and finally stopped on her right ass cheek. Now what?
"Teresa," Mel purred, received a clear 'Hmm?' in return, she sounded like she was still in the chair but Sam didn't bother to try and look, "I hear there's been some handcuffs in use..."
'Hey,' ran through Sam's mind, 'did Teresa tell Mel? Or... Joyce?'
"Once or twice," Teresa's voice was airy, "a night."
'Bitches. All of th...,' Sam thought but Chris pushed hard and Vicki jumped and buried most of her fist in Sam's pussy and it took a moment for her to realize the vibrator had gone missing.
"Let's hope Sam doesn't let down the human side then," Mel said and she added one of those growls and suddenly Sam realized where the vibrator was. She started to move but two things kept her still. Chris massaged her neck and shoulders, his expert touch in this case not relaxing but as sensual as any touch she'd had. And her realisation that she'd let down humanity if she quit! That vibrator was long but thin, not a match for the cock this alien slut had buried up her ass while being eaten. And eating. No way she'd let this whore outdo her. Sam pushed her ass backwards and heard the rasped laugh. She pushed her fingers deeper and felt the bulge as Chris shoved his cock forward again before she felt Vicki's fingers return the favor and press against the humming toy that had gone where only a couple of fingers had gone before.
Oh, hell. The goddamn demon's free hand was back at her nipples while strong, male hands worked her shoulders and neck. An alien's fingers and mouth sucked and finger-fucked her cunt. And a vibrator pumped in and out of her now not-quite virgin ass. Determinedly Sam kept at it, she sucked the engorged clit into her mouth and worked it with her tongue before a memory. She used her teeth to just press against it. It didn't seem the alien female's most sensitive spot was where it was on most women, behind the clit, but she felt harder spots either side of the rippling flesh, a couple of inches inside the body. She split her fingers and rubbed hard while she didn't quite bite. The body's jerk was confirmation.
'Take that, space whore,' Sam's laugh was internal. Her mouth was busy.
Sam had plateaued more than once, she wasn't sure but her best guess was so had Vicki. But neither had pushed the other over the edge. How could Chris still be going? Oh. Vicki said he'd already fucked her twice. And the demon too? Probably. But he wasn't... normal. She quickened her efforts and Vicki followed suit. Chris slammed himself to full depth and Vicki's fist pushed into Sam. At the same time her ass clenched as the vibrator exited rapidly and her nipples screamed to suddenly be ignored and the bed bounced as Sam simply let go. It wasn't the flood that Mel had delivered all over Vicki a few minutes that followed the alien fist from her body... but it was plentiful enough. Vicki's body bucked but Sam held her down, another silent laugh as liquid forced its way around the dam and she felt burns and tingles on her tongue and lips and cheeks but she didn't move. Mel had actually licked that cunt deeply without a dam. And none of that magic spray. Sam sucked the clit hard and splayed her fingers against the two hard spots and Vicki returned the favor, long fingers pressed upwards in her cunt toward the mouth that sucked her. The human woman and the alien female both released another burst of sticky goo.
Vicki suddenly pushed Sam who rolled onto her side. The alien scooted quickly to the edge of the bed and slid off onto her knees.
"C'mon, Sam," Mel's voice commanded from her knees as she looked into the redhead's eyes and worked the rubber off at the same time, "here. We need your help."
Sam saw Vicki's hand stroke Chris's cock. There was a spot on the floor between the alien and the demon. As she slid to her knees from the corner of her eye she saw Teresa had moved the chair at some point so she'd have had a view of the proceedings. Her girlfriend's legs were wide and her robe was still done up but she'd shifted it to expose her pussy and she had a dildo inserted and attacked her clit with one of Mel's mini-vibes.
Vicki's mouth swallowed half of Chris's erection and her's and Mel's hands stroked from the base and Chris grunted hard and jerked his hips. Vicki held for a moment before she pulled her head back hard. Mel's free hand pressed on Sam's neck and Chris turned slightly. She opened her mouth. She'd done this before but this time the shot of salty cum was accompanied by a light burn, Vicki's saliva or pussy juice she didn't know. The tingle lessened with his second spasm and she released the prick with a slight cough. He turned and Mel sucked his cock in completely and black hair shook as she watched throat muscles suck down the last of Chris's cum. She heard a guttural sound and turned to watch Vicki seem to surrender as she opened her mouth and used the spray bottle.
'Goes both ways,' ran through Sam's mind. Yes, it did. She turned back as Chris bent to Mel, who rose as they held their kiss. At Mel's touch on her shoulder Sam stood and Chris broke the kiss but moved past her and embraced Vicki. The alien pressed against him as he leaned down and they kissed, their mouths open. Mel put her arm around Sam's shoulder Sam returned it and they kissed.
After five or ten seconds Mel broke the kiss and nudged her to turn to find Chris facing her. He put his arms around her and grabbed her ass cheeks. She resisted. For maybe a nanosecond. Then she threw her arms around his neck and pulled his head against hers. His cock had barely softened and she pressed it upwards between their bodies and rubbed at it and her tongue tingled as it fought his. She felt his prick regain its full hardness. She backed slowly toward the bed.
A hard but strangled moan broke through Sam's reverie and she swam to the surface and broke the kiss. Both she and Chris turned their heads.
Teresa's arms were around Vicki's shoulders as the alien bent and kissed the still seated woman. The thin human's body jumped as Mel knelt between splayed legs and used a combination of her mouth and the toys to bring the slender young woman to a shuddering orgasm. Sam turned slightly and stood on tiptoe to get her mouth next to Chris's ear.
"This didn't pay my debt, Chris," she whispered and he turned and quickly kissed her. Then they turned back to watch as Vicki stood up and Teresa's mouth moved wordlessly and she took deep breaths.
"Besst night I've had since Paetor," Vicki said as she stood with her arm around Teresa's shoulders before Mel stood quickly and hugged the alien then they separated and stood arm in arm, "but it iss time for me to go."
She walked toward Chris and Sam and bent to grab her leather bag. Then she turned and picked up the clothing she'd called a 'wrap' that she'd had under her cape from the floor and slung it over her shoulder. At the door she stopped.
"As humanss ssay, farewell, not goodbye," she waved and turned and walked out of the room.
"Well," said Chris, "this has been an evening."
Teresa stood and the quartet moved to stand together at the open door to Chris's room and they heard Anna's annoyed grunt and her voice that almost conveyed emotion, well, anger, and that odd but endearing 'cough' that was Vicki's laughter that dismissed it and the sounds as those two and those weird 'guards' all made their way out the side door. Sam wondered if Joyce and Terry were asleep in the bedroom on that floor and had been awakened? She smiled. Joyce was cagey in her conversations but sleep didn't seem top of mind when she stayed over. Ah well, she'd tease the detective in the morning. For herself, she had a debt to pay. She'd let the interest compound for a while. Payment would need just the right occasion.