This is the final chapter. The story is still factual, and yes, a couple did peer over the divider in the changing rooms. But I have enhanced much of the sex.
----
Rachael and I sat and talked, waiting for Lynette to arrive. It was 3:30 pm, and there was no sign of her. I asked Rachael about her clothing choices and if she was not interested in fashion.
Rachael's answer astounded me. She explained that her mother had drummed it into her and her sister that men only wanted one thing, which wasn't very nice. Her mother further stressed that dressing up with suggestive clothes and makeup would encourage men, and she would regret the attention this brought her.
Her mother had also been very much against her leaving home, and there had been some significant arguments about her going flatting. Her mother wanted her to stay in the hostel for two or three years of her radiography internship.
As I say, I was astounded; here was a woman that had lived through the Sixties and Seventies and seemed to have missed the whole flower-power and free-sex revolution.
"What do you think of her views after this morning?" I asked.
"I've not really believed her for quite a while now, but changing how I was brought up is hard."
"What about your younger sister? Is she the same?"
Rachael chewed on her lips and thought for a minute. "No. She has always been a rebel; she drives Mum and Dad mad with the clothes she wears and does not come home when she should. She goes out with lots of boys and, I guess, has had sex with several of them. I have argued with her several times about how she behaves. I must talk with her now and apologise, as I did not understand."
My dirty mind was thinking, 'Shit, I would like to meet the sister if she has half the libido of Rachael.'
At about 3:50 pm, Lynette pulled up outside. Rachael took off into her bedroom and closed the door. We had discussed that she was to put on her blue nightdress, as this was about the only sexy thing she owned, and wait until I came and got her.
Lynette bowled in, dressed in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. "I showered and got changed at work. Have you been waiting long?" she blurted out.
I replied that I had just walked into the lounge about five minutes before, which wasn't a lie. Then I took Lynette in my arms, kissed her, and led her into her bedroom.
"You're keen; I usually have to drag you in here; have you missed me?" she asked.
"Well, that's an interesting story. You will not believe what I have been up to today, and I have a big surprise for you."
"Oh, goody! I might have a surprise for you later on as well."
I had a good idea what her surprise might be. She had mentioned Shane going somewhere today, and as she wasn't with her (thank god), I guessed she would call her later. I had no idea how Rachael was going to handle that. I hadn't worked up the courage to broach that with her.
Lynette came close and embraced me, then stepped back and started pulling my shirt over my head, so I had a go at getting her jeans off. She pushed me away and unzipped them herself.
Have I already said Lynette had a figure you would crawl over broken glass for? Of course, I have.
I watched as she slipped those jeans over her beautiful hips, wriggled them down her legs, then sat back on the bed, kicked her shoes off and then kicked her feet out of the jeans. She wore black lacy panties, which she had obviously picked to turn me on.
I pulled my shorts off, leaving just my boxers, and tumbled her into bed.
"Would you like your surprise now?"
"Where is it? Have you hidden it in the lounge?"
"Maybe!" I thought, 'She thinks I have bought her a vibrator or something.'
"Close your eyes, or even better, pull the covers over your head." I rolled off the bed and left the room.
Rachael was sitting on the bed in her room, wearing her blue nighty and white knickers, looking nervous.
I approached her, wrapped my arms around her and pulled her to her feet. Kissing her, I said to relax, that there was nothing to be worried about. "This will be the best present Lynette has ever had."
I turned her towards the door but stooped and removed her knickers. "These don't go with the nighty." I admonished her.
When we entered the room, we couldn't see Lynette, as she had taken me literally and pulled the covers right over her. I walked Rachael up to the side of the bed and then pulled the covers back.
Lynette bounced up in the bed. "Rachael, what the fuck?!"
I sat down beside Lynette and put my arm around her shoulders.
"I told you this had been an interesting day. I caught this little minx playing with herself this morning after watching you and me in action."
"No! I don't believe it," cried Lynette.
"I know, I can hardly believe it myself. We have been fooling around all day, so we have agreed to make it up to you by having a threesome."
Rachael was standing by the bed, not knowing what to do. She looked like she would run, so I grabbed her hand. Lynette rolled over to her side of the bed, dragging me beside her. I held Rachael's hand and pulled her down with us, placing me on my back in the middle of the two girls.
Lynette sat up and leaned over me to look at Rachael. She was lying on her back, trying to cover her breasts with one arm and was trying to get her hand out of mine to cover her mound. The nighty had slipped up, presenting a view of her brown bushy mound, but not much more as she had her legs tightly gripped together. Lynette leaned further, pulled Rachael's arm away from her breasts, and wrapped her hand around one of Rachael's beautiful globes.
"So you two have fucked each other today?"
I had to answer, as I could see Rachael was tongue-tied. "Only twice; we saved ourselves for you after that."
"You bastards and I have been working all day, missing all the fun."
As I spoke, Lynette played with Rachael's nipples through her near-transparent nighty, kneading them between her fingers. She lay across me, used a free hand to pull Rachael's nighty up past her waist, and ran her hand over Rachael's mound.
Embarrassed, Rachael rolled into me and tried to hide her face in my neck. I lifted her chin, kissed her, and caressed her behind her ear and neck. She responded to my kiss, still hesitant, but I guess relieved that I had taken away the need for her to give any response to having a female touching her body.
Rachael tried to roll further onto me and wrapped her arm behind my head. I was aware in my peripheral vision that Lynette had sat up and moved down the bed; she was holding Rachael's legs, pulling them apart.
There was a gasp from Rachael. I lifted onto an elbow to see what had startled her and saw that Lynette was kneeling between Rachael's knees. She was stroking along Rachael's slit and spreading the lips apart to expose Rachael's clit. I bent down and pulled Rachael's lips to mine, again trying to distract her.
With my free hand, I caressed Rachael's breasts. The upper half of Rachael's body would have to be my zone for a while, while Lynette got to work below Rachael's waist. I wanted to watch, but I was worried that Rachael would panic and make a run for it if I didn't keep Rachael occupied.
I leaned over and took a nipple in my mouth, sucking and pulling on the little nub and feeling it harden between my lips as I caressed the perfect swell of her breast. I moved to the other breast, but her nighty got in the way, so I eased her up from the bed, pulled her nighty over her head and then continued to caress and nibble on each of her nipples.
Racheal suddenly let out a stifled groan and glancing down, I saw Lynette's hand busily working between Racheal's legs which were now wide apart. I realised that she was now past the point of panic and flight, and I could sit up and watch some of the action.
I hitched myself up in the bed, back against the headboard, hips right next to Rachael's head. Realising that I still had my boxers on, I slipped them down and kicked them over the side of the bed.
As I sat next to her, Rachael lifted her head and cuddled into my lap, bumping against my rock-hard prick. She was seeking assurance in being close to me to cover her embarrassment of what Lynette was doing to her. But it was too good an opportunity to let go. I grabbed hold of my cock and pushed my knob up against her lips. She didn't open her mouth immediately, so I pushed it against her lips again and felt her lips part; then her mouth eased open, and she took me into her mouth, and I felt her tongue tentatively feeling its way around it. I knew she had never taken a cock in her mouth before, so she was very unsure about what she was to do. But I didn't interfere; I just let her find her way and moved my attention back to what was happening between Rachael's legs.
Lynette now had two fingers pushed hard into Rachael's fanny, and as I watched, she lay down between her legs and started sucking on her clit. I couldn't see her hand now, but by the movement of her elbow, I could tell she was pushing those fingers slowly in and out. It was also evident from how Rachael's legs were lifting and bending apart that Lynette's fingers touched just the right spots. Or maybe it was just that Lynette was sucking her clit in and out between her lips like a piece of spaghetti.
Rachael was starting to get the hang of giving a blow job, and I noted she was sucking me in perfectly in time with Lynette's ministrations between her legs. As her legs came apart, she would blow me out, and as Lynette thrust those fingers into her, she would close her legs around Lynette's head and suck me into her mouth.
As much as I enjoyed this, I realised Lynette needed some attention. I eased Rachael's head from my lap and moved down the bed. Lynette still had her top, bra and panties on, so I reached under her, unbuttoned her top, and tried to get it off.
Lynette sat up. "Fuck, this tastes far better than a cock. I should have tried this years ago."
She slipped one arm out of the top, swapped hands between Rachael's legs and removed the other arm. Rachael covered her face with her hand; she was still very much out of her comfort zone.
I removed Lynette's bra, pulled her up onto her knees, slipped her panties under each knee, and pulled them over her feet. She bent back down and resumed attacking Rachael's clit. But remained kneeling in the doggy position; her pouting, pink pussy was wet and ready. I could smell her aroma and, by the wiggle of her ass, knew what she wanted. I ran my fingers along her slit and spread the milky cream onto her little puckered button. A lusty groan escaped from her lips. I'm sure she suddenly recalled our session this morning and was thinking, like me, about Rachael standing in the doorway watching us.
Playing with her pussy, I watched her working Rachael's cunt. I leaned forward and lifted her blond hair to the right side of her neck; this gave me a clearer view of her seduction.
After a few minutes, Lynette sat up, leaned forward to Rachael's ear, and told her to spin around. She then helped manoeuvre Rachael around so she was still on her back, but her head was down between our legs at the bottom of the bed. She swung her leg over Rachael's hips, took up the doggy position again and bent her head down and resumed eating out Rachael's cunt.
Well, what was a man to do? Faced with a fantastic arse and a most heavenly cunt winking at me. I nearly shot my load before even being inserted.
I reached down and took Rachael's hand, placed it on my prick, and, looking down at her, made it obvious where I wanted her to put it. For the first time, she showed some enthusiasm, lifted her head and watched as she directed my knob up against Lynette's pussy lips. She groaned as it slipped in; I think this turned her on more than the attention she was receiving between her legs.
Lynette turned around to see what was happening, "Suck me like I'm doing to you," she gasped at Rachael.
But Rachael didn't move to comply; she never put her head between Lynette's legs in our following encounters. She was absolutely straight; she did allow Lynette to eat her in our play over the next few weeks, but more from guilt over her sleeping with me, I think. Or maybe she joined the threesomes to please me. Don't get me wrong; some of the threesome stuff turned her on, but not the girl-to-girl stuff.
On the other hand, Lynette was quite the opposite; she had a real awakening and found out she was very bisexual. In fact, she always seemed to get off on eating and playing with Rachael just as much as having a fuck with me.
So Rachael reached up and held my shaft and balls as I thrust into Lynette. I reached around under Lynette and worked on Rachael's clit as I slowly drove in and out. Lynette came within minutes; as usual, she made a hell of a racket as she came. Her climax seemed to light up Rachael also, and she gripped her legs tightly around Lynette's head and bucked her pussy against her mouth.
I hadn't come, but amazingly, I knew I could with some more stimulation, so I pulled out of Lynette and, rolling her out of the way, got down between Rachael's legs.
I looked at Lynette as she rolled over on her side. "You want to put this in Rachael now?"
Lynette was very eager; she crawled up the bed a little, took hold of my shaft and directed it into Racheal as I lowered myself on top of her. Rachael looked much more comfortable; she pulled me to her and nibbled on my neck and ear.
I started slowly, just taking long strokes, pulling all the way out so Lynette had to place it again. But after a bit, Rachael grabbed my ass with her hands and stopped me from pulling out, and she started to get quite urgent.
This became the way of our lovemaking over the next few weeks. Rachael would have a small but fast orgasm first, then a slower, much bigger second orgasm. Bloody hard on an old bugger like me; I really would have been happy with just one fuck and good sleep.
Next, I felt Lynette's finger pushing into my ass, and I felt Rachael tense up, and I knew she was getting the same treatment.
But it turned us on as we both started moaning and groaning. Lynette's finger left my ass for a minute. I was slightly disappointed, but then I felt it probing again and realised it had to be covered in Rachael's juices as it slipped back in so easily. I struggled to hold from cumming now and was bloody thankful to feel Rachael let go and start bucking her ass under me.
This time as I came, I thought for the first time about her getting pregnant. Shit why had I not thought about that this morning?
I rolled to one side of Rachael, and Lynette moved to the other side of her. We were exhausted and gasping for breath, Rachael and I from a very energetic day, Lynette from the physical excitement of the threesome.
I leaned over to Rachael. "I have just thought that I've not asked you whether I should be using a condom."
"Ha! I wondered if you would get around to worrying about that. I'm on the pill," she replied.
"How come you are on the pill, you couldn't have known today was going to happen?"
She laughed at my discomfort. "I have been on it for over a year now. I had painful periods, and the doctor said the pill was the best thing to settle them down."
We all lay on the bed, talking and joking together. Rachael, at last, was relaxed; she could see that Lynette was glowing from her first threesome and was not at all upset with her. I also wondered if it would be awkward now between us. But our conversation was light and easy, so nothing appeared to have changed.
We had dinner together that night, and afterwards, Lynette was all for heading back to the sack for another session. But I didn't think I could get a raise from my poor abused willy, so I explained I had to get home and sort out some work for the next week. Lynette was not too happy with me.
I couldn't see them on Sunday, as I was learning to fly, and I had a sort of aerial gymkhana that day. It involved flying down the coast, locating various spots, and answering questions about them while plotting the course. Then there was a session where you had to shut the engine down and land on a target without any power.
Lynette turned up after work on Monday evening as I was finishing dinner. I was a little distant with her, as I felt awkward about her being there without Rachael.
I was surprised, as she actually didn't try to get me into bed but just wanted to talk about our getting Shane involved in a threesome. I was keen, of course, but said it was up to Rachael. Lynette answered that if Rachael disagreed, we would not tell her. I managed to get her to agree that she would run it past Rachael before she arranged anything.
But when I approached the front door, intending to see Lynette out, she pushed me onto the couch and began rubbing herself on my boner. And before I had a chance to object, she was unzipping me and lowering herself onto my shaft. The wicked little wench was not wearing any knickers.
I felt terrible being unfaithful to Rachael and knew I would keep this encounter to myself. Which only made me feel worse. But it didn't stop me from Fucking Lynette to a very satisfying climax. Shit, I'm a weak bastard.
Tuesday, Rachael phoned and asked me around for dinner. When I arrived, she was home alone, Lynette being on the night shift. I was relieved and pleased to have Rachael to myself. We sat and talked about the three of us, and I soon realised that Rachael was now a great deal more serious and wanted a permanent relationship.
She was okay about us having the odd session where we invited Lynette in with us, but she mentioned that Lynette wanted to bring Shane into our circle. She was absolutely against this and freely admitted she was jealous.
As I have said, I was keen to entertain a threesome with Shane. She was a very sexy, attractive young lady. But I was fond of Rachael and didn't want to screw around with her. So I promised her I would not sleep with Shane, no matter what happened.
I was in a hard place as my feelings for Rachael had grown, and she was much more than just a quick bonk. I did not want to hurt her or our relationship to end before I had a chance to broaden her horizons. She was just too naive and vulnerable for me to mess around with.
But experience told me that this affair was unlikely to last. I had about seven weeks to run on my contract in Gisborne and then would be moving back to Auckland, where I had a new teaching contract for two years. Added to that, I was seventeen years older than Rachael. She needed to have experience with guys more her age before she could make any sensible decision about our relationship.
I also knew Rachael had at least two years to run in her Radiography internship. She talked of breaking this and coming to live in Auckland. I realised I needed to work on cooling our relationship so she didn't make a silly decision. Very difficult to decide how to do this, though, when over the last few days, I had had such fantastic sex. My brain was saying one thing, but the brain in my cock had plenty of sway.
At this point, I can start making up stories about our sex over the next three or four weeks. The fact is, I can't remember much of the sex in those four weeks. The three of us did wind up in bed together most weekends at least once, but Rachael engineered our timetable, so it was the two of us together more often than not.
Our first threesome must have happened about the first week in October. I know I finished my contract and left Gisborne to travel back to Auckland on Sunday,12 December.
Anyway, the whole point of this story was that I wanted to talk about the last weekend, so let's jump to that.
After one of our threesomes, we were lounging around in the flat. Lynette asked us what our favourite sexual experience had been to date, then quickly modified her question to; 'or our favourite fantasy'. She amended her question because of Rachael's limited experience.
I seem to remember that Lynette's was about doing it in a lift in a very tall building. My biggest fantasy was to have it in an Airplane and get in the mile-high club.
It was tough to get Rachael to open up about anything. She couldn't think of anything to tell. After a lot of prodding and suggestions from Lynette and me, she said she did remember getting very horny once.
She had gone to try on her first bra with her mother. They had travelled into Hamilton City and gone to a department store. Her mother was pulling out boring old stuff, and the sales girl interjected, told her mother to go and have a coffee and that she would give Rachael a sizing and fit her with something appropriate for a girl her age.
Rachael was surprised that her mother accepted this and left her to the salesgirl. Once her mother had departed, the sales girl shifted to a different area and selected three lovely bra and knickers sets. She then took Rachael to the fitting rooms and told her to strip off and call her in when she had one of the sets on.
Rachael was mortified at the thought of stripping naked in the changing room and felt even more concerned about calling the sales girl in with her, only being dressed in a bra and knickers. But she wanted to go along with it, as it was much better than having her mother involved.
She said that once she was naked, she heard a couple of guys talking in the booth next to hers, and she suddenly found herself going wet between her legs and got goosebumps. It was the most exciting thing that had ever happened to her.
Her excitement heightened when the sales girl returned, checked the sizing, and said the bra was too tight. The girl got her to take off the bra, took the other two bras and went out to get larger sizes. It left Rachael in the booth, wearing only a pair of very sexy lace knickers for a few minutes because the sales girl got distracted by another customer.
She told us she almost had an orgasm while she waited as women and men were walking past, with only a thin curtain hiding her.
Over her shoulder, Lynette winked at me and mouthed, "We are going to get her into a changing booth."
Well, the final week of my term in Gisborne was upon me. I was to leave early on Sunday for the drive to Auckland. Lynette arranged for the three of us to have dinner downtown on Friday night and informed me she had spent some time checking out all the shops with changing rooms. The best she had found was the Farmers Store, which is a large department store much like Walmart, only much, much smaller. She said it was the only changing room she had found that had a door, and the end changing room was quite large.
We all met up for dinner at a restaurant we frequented, and after dinner, I told Rachael I was going to buy her some sexy lingerie as a going-away present. So we all walked from the restaurant to Farmers and looked through the lingerie section. Lynette found several items that shocked Rachael, and with cries of, "I can't wear that," we headed for the changing rooms.
There were few people in the store, and the changing rooms were empty, so we chose the end room, locked the door, and proceeded to strip Rachael of all her clothes. She objected throughout but was getting excited. We got her to try on lots of very sexy items, and both Lynette and I took every opportunity to touch her boobs and arse.
When she started to get flushed and turned on, Lynette bundled up all her clothes into the bag she had brought, and we left Rachael naked in the changing room, telling her we were off to get some more items for her to try on.
The look of panic as we opened the door and left was priceless. Rachael finally realised what we were up to. I followed Lynette around the store as she gathered more items. We took our time and waited until several women and men had entered and left the changing rooms before we returned.
We had to knock on the door as Rachael had it locked. She let us in, complaining that we were a pack of bastards for doing this to her. But I also noted she looked very turned on and was very wet between her legs.
I took her in my arms to console her. Lynette moved behind me and started removing my clothes. Rachael got the message and quickly joined in, unzipping my jeans and pushing them down my legs. I spun around and unbuttoned Lynette's blouse. Once Rachael had my Jeans and boxers off, she joined me in stripping Lynette.
Once we were all naked, I spun Rachael around, hooked an arm around her hips and, pushing her shoulders, bent her forward. I bent my knees and, in one thrust, took her from behind. Lynette slipped onto the seat in front of us under Rachael, grabbed her tits, bounced them in her hands, and tweaked her nipples.
I reached down with both hands, placed them under her hips, and stood up, lifting Rachael off her feet. She fell forward onto Lynette, but then placing her hands on the mirror; she walked herself upright. She was now positioned with her fanny right in front of Lynette's face, and Lynette took full advantage. Leaning forward, she attacked Rachael's cunt with her mouth. She also had a few nibbles and licks of my shaft as it slipped under her chin.
Rachel moaned and bucked her hips, attempting to push her clit down Lynette's throat. I had to cover her mouth to try and quieten her as I became aware that the couple I'd heard talking in the next booth had suddenly gone quiet.
As I thrust into Rachael, I sensed she was about to cum. She was moaning between my fingers and writhing her hips on Lynette's tongue. I felt Lynette's tongue slide along my shaft, lick around my balls, then back along my shaft and off onto Rachael's slit again. She did this a couple of times, bringing Rachael closer and closer to her orgasm.
Then in my peripheral vision, I became aware of the couple next door peering over the dividing partition. They must have gotten up on the seat to look over and leaned to the side, looking around my back. I should object, but what was the use? Rachael and Lynette were unaware they were there, and I was beyond caring. So I lowered my head so they didn't see I had noticed them.
I could tell from Rachael's moans that she was seconds from coming. I took my hand from her mouth, seeing no use in trying to silence her, and slipped my hand down to her breast. I watched her face in the mirror and saw that her lips had parted and her eyes had a shiny glaze. She had lifted her knees almost to her chin in an attempt to sink and get more of my cock inside her and had her back arched to present more of her for penetration. I was wet with her juices. So was Lynette; she had a creamy coating of white love juice all around her mouth and chin.
As Rachael started to cum, I stepped up the tempo and rammed into her as hard as possible without smashing her against Lynette's face. She let out a few expletives that would have shocked a sailor. But glancing in the mirror, I could see it didn't seem to worry our voyeur neighbours, who didn't notice my glance, as both had their eyes fixed below my waist.
Rachael slumped forward, her moaning slowly subsiding. I hadn't cum, She had cum too fast for me, but that was okay. I turned her and sat her next to Lynette, then pulled Lynette up and sat down in her place. Lynette sensed my intention and lowered herself down onto me. I just sat still as Lynette bobbed up and down on me, working herself towards her orgasm. In her excitement, she arched her back and, craning her head around to try and kiss me; she saw our very red-faced neighbours watching over the wall.
Lynette did not miss a beat. She just said, "Hi!" The couple mouthed sorry and ducked down.
But Lynette did not want that and said, "I don't mind you watching. Come back."
The couple's heads slowly returned. They looked to be in their mid-thirties.
Lynette quietly asks the guy, "Are you playing with her fanny?"
To which he shook his head.
"Well, you should be; look at her. She needs some attention."
He looked at his partner, saw the lust on her face, and then ducked out of sight. I could see by the slight movements of the woman's head that he was pulling whatever she was wearing to the side. But when she lifted slightly and gasped, I knew he had inserted fingers in her fanny. She looked to my right, and a flicker of disappointment showed in her eyes.
I looked right and saw Rachael staring up at the woman with embarrassment in her whole demeanour. She had her arm across her breasts, her other hand on her mound, hiding herself.
I reached my right hand over and took ahold of her knee. "Open your legs and take your hand away."
Rachael, for once, obeyed me instantly, opening her legs as wide as the limited space would allow; I was surprised I expected protest from her but realised she was still coming down from her orgasm and, as always, wanted another. I reached up, took her hand away from her breasts, pushed it between her legs, and made her frig herself.
She lifted her knees, spread her legs further apart, and inserted a finger deep inside. Her inner lips were puffy and swollen from the action a minute before. And a lusty hunger gripped me when I saw the viscous fluids oozing around her finger onto the seat.
The guy's head appeared back above the partition. I arched forward, placing my butt on the edge of the seat, bent back, pulling Lynette with me so he had a view of my shaft sliding in and out of Lynette as she bounced and ground her way towards her climax.
Although the guy couldn't take his eyes from between Lynette's and my legs, the woman was more interested in Rachael, who now had two fingers in herself. However, Rachael had leaned forward so she could watch my shaft as it plunged in and out of Lynette's very wet hole. Reaching over, I pushed Rachael upright and back against the wall so our neighbours had a good view. It was awkward, but I cricked my arm around until I could take one of her nipples in my fingers, then pulled and tweaked on it.
Rachael came first, her second orgasm, which was just as noisy as her first. It set me off, and Lynette was not too far behind me. As my vision returned and I returned to reality, I saw that the couple had disappeared, and the sounds coming from behind the partition told me he was giving the woman a right old rogering.
We hurriedly dressed, grabbed the Lingerie, none of which Rachael had tried on, and headed back out into the store. There were funny looks from people hanging around outside the changing rooms. So we hadn't gone unnoticed.
Rachael wanted to get out of the store, but Lynette stopped us. She wanted to see what the couple next door looked like. She placed the items we had on a table by the entrance, motioned us over to the shoes and began to peruse these until the couple nervously came out and headed for the checkout desk.
The woman wore a denim mid-length skirt, black tights, and a white blouse with a black 'V' necked sweater. He was wearing jeans and a 'T-shirt. They looked in their mid-thirties and showed signs of having just had sex.
Lynette walked over to the guy standing by his wife while she was paying for an item. She spoke with him for a bit, then returned to us.
"What did you say to him?" Rachael blurted out.
"I asked him if they wanted to return to our place for drinks. I think he would have, but his wife declined point blank."
We departed Farmer's, not having bought a thing. Rachael couldn't try on anything after our session, as even when she pulled her panties on, they were quickly wet from her excitement. Lynette also had very wet panties on. She had used them to clean up her face before we left the booth.
Lynette had arranged to go and meet friends, leaving Rachael and me to have the rest of the night together. Unbelievably, when we returned to their flat, Rachael wanted more, and I didn't return to my place until well after midnight.
And so my time in Gisborne drew to a close. I packed my belongings all Saturday. Rachael came over on Saturday night and spent the night. There were tears, reminiscing about our short time together and finally, some farewell sex. I would not let her stay as I wanted to be started on my six-hour drive back to Auckland early the following day.
I never heard of or saw Lynette again. I did have a couple of letters from Rachael. The first was interesting, as she informed me that Lynette had met up with the couple's wife from the booth next to us on that final Friday night and was having an affair with her. That didn't surprise me, as looking back, I remembered the woman was far more interested in watching the girls. But knowing Lynette, I bet she was working at getting the husband into a threesome.
The downside of the letter was Racheal wanting to come to Auckland. So I spent time writing a delicate letter explaining that she needed to wait a few months and go on some other dates before she made any decisions.
The second letter was to inform me she was seeing a doctor from the hospital. There was no more news about Lynette, which was a shame. I would have loved to know all the juicy details of that affair.
I had no more letters after that, but I did have some marvellous memories.
That ended my one-year stint in Gisborne. I may write about some other adventures from earlier that year someday, but they will not be a patch on those final two months with Lynette and Rachael.