Note from the author: Spend an amazing weekend at the cabin with Dezerae and Ante. Become lost in their story of romance, passion and love. Both share a romantic evening before a fire and so much more. Enjoy~
©By Katerina Val-Kyrie
A quaint little cabin nestled high in the mountains awaited the happy couple. Dezerae and Ante walked hand in hand along the winding path, enjoying the summer day. Both had smiles on their faces, their laughter echoing around them. Birds tittered in response to the noise they created in the solitude of their home. Leaves rustled in the trees as the feathered creatures flew from the giggling pair.
The laughter subsided as the birds flew overhead, fluttering their wings in rapid succession. The twosome looked up; unaware they had caused such a ruckus. Their cheeks were flushed as they squinted into the sky, bright from the mid-afternoon sun.
"Damn, it got hot out here," Dezerae cursed, feeling the heat's intensity. "I think I wore too many clothes," she added, fanning herself with her hands. She was relieved when the sun dipped behind a cloud giving her some comfort.
"Yeah, it's hot," Ante agreed, wiping the sweat from his brow. He was about to say more, but watched his girl peel off her cotton blouse instead. Beneath, she wore a skimpy tank top which covered her breasts in an enticing way. God—he wanted her. She never failed to arouse him.
"C'mon, babe," let's go!" Dezerae hollered as she ran ahead of him. With one less top on, she suddenly felt energized.
"Dez, wait up!" Ante yelled, running after her. He didn't see the rock that caught on the toe of his sneaker. He stumbled and nearly fell flat on his face. "Bloody Hell!" he swore, trying to suppress the f-word. He caught himself just before he hit the ground.
Dezerae had no idea her boyfriend had almost done a face plant. She didn't see him trip as she took in her surroundings. The scents of pine and wildflowers filled the air, and she inhaled deeply enjoying the aroma. Ante's mountain was everything he said it would be. The snow-capped peaks beyond were also breathtaking. If there was heaven on earth, it was surely here.
Ante forgot about his near mishap as he listened to Dez scream with delight. He had caught up to her just as she reached the cabin.
"I love it!" she shrieked excitedly. "It's so cute!"
"Yeah, it's quaint," Ante admitted, but then added, "It does need work though." His eyes narrowed as he noticed how run down the outside of the structure had become. The wood was weather-beaten and old, giving it a rustic look. And the vines—they had grown in abundance, covering some of the frame in a dark green mass. The interior was in better shape, and he was thankful he'd at least kept it that way. It was cozy, filled with warm memories of his childhood past. Now he'd create new ones with the woman he loved.
"C'mere, Dez," he murmured, reaching for her. He pulled her close, lifting her into his arms. "Welcome to my cabin, baby," he uttered softly. Their lips met as he stepped over the threshold and closed the door.
Lost within their embrace, they were barely aware of the cabin. Their sensuous kiss had turned into one of hot passion. Dezerae's lips pressed against his, and Ante was unable to resist them. He responded as her tongue probed inside, swirling, dipping, teasing. Moments passed before he put her down, his heart beating erratically.
"I want you, babe..."
His words grew silent as he lightly kissed the delicate curves of her neck. He groaned, savoring her heavenly taste. Her scent was tantalizing. The flowers outside couldn't compare to the perfume she wore. He held her closer. Her breasts against him were more then he could stand.
"Sweet girl, take off your top," Ante whispered in her ear. "I want..." Before he finished the sentence, her skimpy top was tossed on the floor.
"Do you like what you see?" Dezerae teased, her voice almost musical.
"Oh, yeah," he responded, admiring her naked flesh. With a wicked grin, he slowly backed her toward the bed.
Ante swallowed hard as he took in the sight of her on the quilt covered mattress. Her bare breasts were soft and supple, her nipples ripe for tasting. Mesmerized, he lay beside her and watched her caress the creamy globes. His breath quickened. Her fingers brushed across the hardened peaks.
"Babe, let me..." Slowly he nudged her hands aside and swept her away with his own gentle touch. His fingers circled—softly caressing. His tongue rolled—swirling magically. His lips pulled—taunting, teasing.
"Ante... Mmmmm..."
The sound of her passion had an alluring quality that captivated him. He pleasured her more, enjoying the soft cries that emitted from her throat.
"Go lower—I want—I need—"
"And, I want you," Ante teased as he listened to her sensual voice. His eyes never left hers when he knelt beside her and undid the snap of her jeans. He pulled them down over her hips as she wiggled out of their confinement. She was left naked, free to unleash her desire.
"Watch me," Dezerae murmured, her tone soft and whispery. She took a moment to catch her breath before moving her fingertips toward her soft mound.
"Oh, girl..." Ante was riveted as he devoured her with his eyes. She was an exhibitionist, and she had no trouble displaying her naughty side. He watched her watching him, as she parted her delicate folds.
"Mmmmm," Dez moaned deep in her throat as she exposed the tiny orb within. The flesh was pulsating, hot to her touch. Her hips rolled, moving rhythmically as her fingers circled against her clit.
Ante couldn't get more aroused. His eyes never wavered as he watched her play. Her pussy was glistening, wet and slippery from her touch. He heard soft squishing sounds as she taunted and teased, swirling her fingers in circular motions.
"I...I can't take it," he sputtered, jumping off the bed. He left her side and ripped off his clothes, throwing them on the floor. His taut muscles flexed as he tried hard to gain control of himself. He didn't want to give in to her desire too quickly.
Dezerae wanted him. She stared hard as she took in his lean, muscular physique by the bedside. His body was chiseled with perfection, and his legs were long and sinewy. Her eyes locked between his tanned thighs, transfixed on his full erection. Her breath came fast, and her heart pounded at the sight of him. She moved her fingers quicker, gliding them over the flesh beneath. Up, down, back and forth, faster and faster.
"Babe," she whimpered with pleasure as he joined her on the quilt covered bed.
The sound of her voice fueled the fire that already burned within him. His arousal was intense, and his cock throbbed almost painfully. He ignored it. He was too caught up in Dezerae's passion. Ante knelt between her legs, trailing kisses along her creamy thighs. He teased her unmercifully, swirling his tongue against her flesh. Her skin felt like satin, and her sweet scent tantalized him. He inhaled deeply, loving her smell. As he drew closer to her pussy, the aroma of her sweet nectar filled him.
"Oh, Dez," he mumbled. "You smell so good..."
Using the tip of his tongue, he parted her satiny folds, wanting to taste her wetness, her passion. Ante groaned as he took her sweet nub into his mouth. The flesh was stiff, almost rigid as he slowly circled it, teasing her with his touch. She wiggled and squirmed, arching beneath him as he nibbled, licked and pulled. Her moans filled the room as he tongued her in smooth, fluid motions. He was relentless, gliding his tongue up and down her pussy lips, then back to her pulsating clit. She arched higher. He taunted her more.
"A...Ante," she could hardly get the words out. "M...Make me cum..."
The pleading in her voice intensified as he slid his hand between her creamy thighs. He slipped his fingers into her warmest depths, relishing the softness within. As he thrust them inside her, his tongue never stopped circling her pulsating flesh.
"Don't stop—don't stop—"
Dezerae lost all semblance of control as his fingers delved further inside her silky heat.
"Oh, God," she cried out, her passion reaching heights of pure ecstasy.
At the peak of her orgasm, Ante flicked his tongue wildly over her swollen clit. His fingers probed deeper as her back arched, her hips lifting high off the wrought iron bed.
"Ante... Mmmmm..."
Dez shuddered as sheer pleasure filled her very depths. Her climax was forceful, never ending. She surrendered completely, enjoying the sensations that coursed through her in continuous waves. For long blissful moments, she gloried in the aftermath as her orgasm slowly subsided.
As her body went limp beneath him, Ante drank in her nectar, loving her taste, loving her. He savored her essence as he lay beside her, holding her in his arms once more. Neither of them spoke until Dezerae broke the silence.
"It's my turn to pleasure you, darlin," she cooed softly in his ear. She wiggled out of his arms and grabbed the ties on the iron bedpost behind them. Before Ante knew what was happening, she bound his hands, leaving him at her mercy. She watched him in his submissive state, loving the feeling of power. With further ardor, she proceeded to blindfold him with another satin tie.
"Dez..." was all he could say as he felt the restraints tighten more on his wrists. Darkness surrounded him now—he sensed her near—watching—waiting.Oh, God,he thought. The suspense was unbearable! In his mind, he saw her naked body beside him, her sensual curves, her full breasts.
Ante felt her weight as she leaned over him, reaching for something on the nightstand. He tried to remember what had been there, but his memory failed him completely. The sound of a cap opening filled the silence—and then he knew.
He envisioned her as she squeezed the bottle, pouring the oily substance into the palm of her hand. He heard her rub them together, warming the slick oil between them. His breath held as he waited for her touch, but it did not come—yet.
"Dez, touch me... Cover me in oil," Ante begged, almost pleading.
"Me first," Dezerae teased. She couldn't resist the sweet temptation of feeling her oiled palms against her flesh. She slid them slowly over her breasts, leaving a glimmering sheen behind. The thick liquid felt heavenly as her fingertips trailed over her slippery skin. A low moan escaped her throat as she enjoyed her lingering caresses.
"I wish you could feel the softness of my touch," she purred. "My skin is velvety smooth, so slippery with oil," she teased. "Oh, babe, I know you'd love to glide your hands over my breasts, feel the oil beneath your fingertips. It feels so good..."
"Jesus, what're you doing to me, girl?" Ante cried out as she continued to torment him.
"You'll see..." Dezerae spoke in low monotones, lulling him with her hypnotic voice as she picked up the bottle once again. She filled her palm until a thick stream ran through her fingers, dripping onto the quilt covered bed.
"God..." Ante groaned in anticipation.
This time, the warmth of oil touched his skin. He inhaled deeply as her palms slid with ease across his chest. Pleasure filled him as her gliding fingers covered his body with gentle caresses. Every fiber of his being was on fire, ignited by the intensity of her touch. Deft fingers rubbed, teased and taunted him, leaving a part of him yearning for more. Ante's breath grew ragged as her hands slowed, pressing against his erection. His cock throbbed, aching for the softness of her fingers and the warmth of her sensual mouth.
"Baby," he murmured softly, "I need..."
"Shhh..." Dez silenced him as her mouth captured his moans with a passionate kiss. His voice grew muffled as her tongue delved deeply inside. With a parting brush across his lips, she lowered her body over his sinewy nakedness. Sleek and slippery with oil, she slid easily along his length, gliding her breasts against him.
Slipping down further, she drew his nipples into her mouth. She suckled them gently, circling her tongue around each one, then slowly moved on. Her palms never stopped gliding along the slipperiness of his skin as her tongue swirled, nibbled and sucked.
"Mmmmm, girl," Ante moaned as her fingers trailed down his body, caressing his inner thighs. She teased, softly tickling, taunting him.
Dezerae's touch surprised him as her hand slipped around the base of his shaft. Her fingers slid up and down as her tongue fluttered around the silken head. Ante groaned. Her lips circled his cock, gliding downward. He was lost in the wondrous sensations as she took him into the warm depths of her mouth.
"J...Jesus!" he sputtered, gasping for breath. "Suck me..."
Dez couldn't resist taunting him more. "I love it when you moan," she softly purred. "I know you love my hands, my fingers sliding up and down. So easily they glide, so smooth are my motions, so erotic is my touch."
Her voice almost did him in, the alluring tone, the words... Ante's head thrashed from side to side as her oily palm pumped faster. Again—he experienced the magic of her tongue and the softness of her incredible lips. His back arched, and his heels dug into the mattress of the wrought iron bed. As he felt the warmth of her mouth, the circling of her tongue and the saliva running down his cock, he could feel his climax mounting.
Dezerae kept up her momentum as her hand slid up and down along with her mouth. Faster, deeper...
Ante was almost there.
"Oh, baby..." He mouthed the words between deep breaths as he shuddered with pleasure. He couldn't hold off any longer. His body tensed, he stayed on the brink, before his orgasm hit him long and hard.
"Mmmmm..."
Hot, creamy spurts erupted from him, filling her with an explosion of cum. He thrust into her mouth again and again, until the surges slowed and diminished to none. He lay breathless, shaken by the intensity of his sweet release.
Within moments, Dez had taken off his bonds and blindfold. Ante couldn't move. A pleasant numbness swept over him as he lay on the wrought iron bed. His heart slowed, thudding softly in his chest. He fell asleep with the woman he loved snuggled in his arms.
* * *
Hours passed with the afternoon turning to evening. Ante and Dezerae slept well after their passionate lovemaking. Feeling refreshed upon waking they casually dressed.
Dez studied her image in a warped, old mirror leaning against the cabin wall. Her reflection appeared distorted, her shape taking on a ghastly appearance. Her curvaceous body looked short and squat, and the glass added pounds to her figure. She wrinkled her nose and grimaced with distaste.
Looking away from the mirror, she touched the soft cloth that hugged her body. Her sundress was pastel pink, flattering her creamy skin beneath. It was a modest dress, unlike some she owned, but she found it refreshing to put on. Her long, slender legs were bare, her feet covered in sandals. She was comfortable and ready to start her evening tasks. As an afterthought, she pulled her blonde hair off her shoulders and into a ponytail. She was cooler already.
Ante put on his jean shorts and found a light T-shirt to wear as the evening had yet to cool down. His face still glowed as he remembered Dezerae's trickery with the bonds. Running his hands through his dark blond hair, he set out to find some firewood for the romantic evening ahead.
Busy making a delicious dinner, Dez finally took notice of her surroundings. The cabin consisted of one large cozy room. A floral couch stood in the center, scattered with comfy throw pillows. Old-fashioned windows decorated with paisley curtains gave the place a warmer look. In the middle of the floor lay a large braided rug that set off the stone fireplace perfectly.
Dezerae's mind wandered for a moment—she couldn't wait to make love in front of the fire. The wrought iron bed also caught her attention, and her blue eyes twinkled in remembrance. The usual clutter went unnoticed as she went back to her tasks deep in thought.
Outside, Ante was finishing up with the wood he had collected. With plenty for the evening, he took a few minutes to enjoy the beauty around him. The sun was setting in the sky, casting a red glow throughout the mountains. The view was truly amazing; it took his breath away. It was so serene here—other than the wind whispering through the trees, there was not a sound.
His thoughts were of Dezerae as he walked along the path leading back to the cabin. Dusk was upon them now. A night filled with promises and lovemaking was yet to come.
* * *
A golden glow filled the room as the flames from the newly stoked fire grew in intensity. Dez watched her lover add more wood to the fire. Enjoying the heat, she curled up on the pillows with a glass of red wine. She sipped it slowly and could already feel its effect on her. Warmth soon spread throughout her body. Flushed, her eyes sparkled as Ante lay beside her.
"Babe, you look scrumptious in your negligee," he murmured softly, touching the delicate gown. He noticed the silky fabric clung to her curves, transparent by the light of the fire. Ante leaned over her, and as his lips brushed against hers, he gently parted them with his tongue. She tasted so sweet. The hint of wine was still upon her lips.
"Mmmmm," Dez moaned as his tongue trailed toward the hollow of her throat. She felt his warm breath against her skin as his lips caressed her there. Her head rolled back on the pillows as he lavished her more with tender kisses.
Dezerae began moving her hands slowly along her negligee. She loved how the smooth silk felt sliding against her skin. Her fingers circled, and she touched her nipples through the delicate satin.
Ante brushed her soft flesh with lingering kisses, stopping at her creamy breasts. He found her fingers there and lightly entwined them in his own. "Sweet girl," he groaned when he saw her breasts beneath the sheer material. Her nipples were hard, the aroused nubs peeking through the satin. Gently he drew them into his mouth, suckling through the silky gown.
Dezerae found the warmth of his lips against the satin incredibly erotic. "Feels nice," she whispered softly as his mouth and tongue worked their magic. As she enjoyed his tender caresses, she thought of what she'd done earlier.Damn, she loved being in control and the power...She smiled as she anticipated her next move.
With more strength then she knew she had, she rolled Ante onto his back and sat astride him. Pinning his hands, she grinned, taking him by surprise again. Her voice was mischievous as she said, "I got ya!" The softness of the pillows cushioned him, and she kissed him passionately before he could reply.
Ante could feel the smooth satin tickling his skin as her breasts crushed against him. He felt her heart beating against his, felt the rise and fall of her breasts, felt her taut nipples...
"Dez," he murmured, before slipping his tongue further into the warmth of her mouth. He could still taste the sweetness of wine as it lingered on her lips. He groaned as she pulled away, and a heartbeat later, she turned her backside toward him.
Ante was mesmerized as he watched her lower her body over the length of his own. The view she provided was spectacular. He could hardly find his breath. His hands, free now, found their way to her negligee, lifting it gently above her behind.
At the same moment, Dez loosened the ties on his terry robe. His cock throbbed as she slowly lowered her head.
"Mmmmm," Ante moaned as her tongue swirled against the velvety tip.
Dezerae's excitement grew as she felt his fingers part her satiny folds.
Bloody Hell, if this is heaven, then I'm there,Ante thought. The sight of her pussy this close excited him beyond belief. And what she was doing to him... He could hardly stand it! He sighed with pleasure as he felt the tightening of her lips, the swirling of her tongue and the softness of her hands gliding up and down.
Ante heard Dezerae's whimpers as he opened her soft inner lips, finding her clit within glistening folds. He drew her tender nub into his mouth, catching it lightly between his teeth. He nibbled and sucked, flicking his tongue back and forth, sideways and around.
"God," Dez cried out, completely aroused when she felt his tongue slide down and slip inside her. Pleasure filled her warmest depths.
Ante softly caressed her bottom, pulling her closer as his tongue probed deeper. The sweetness of her womanhood intoxicated him as he drank in her creamy nectar. He wanted to feel her warmth as well as taste her. Liquid silk bathed his fingertips as they slipped inside her softness. They slid in effortlessly. She was so wet from her juices. He slowly thrust them further inside her, feeling her tightness within.
Dezerae shook as intense feelings overwhelmed her. Burning heat consumed her as her orgasm drew closer. Again, she took his cock into her mouth, sliding her lips around it. Her hand slid up and down as her tongue circled around, pulling his manhood deeper inside.
"Sweet Jesus!" Ante gasped as he came up for air. "Don't stop..."
Her lips were magical, so soft and warm. He felt her cup his balls gently, flicking her tongue all around as she suckled them into her mouth. Her other hand, soaked in saliva, circled tightly around his length. It never stopped as she pumped his cock up and down, faster and faster. He could feel his orgasm threatening, his breath coming in short gasps.
"Feels good, doesn't it?" Dezerae teased as she pulled away. She could tell Ante was close. This time, she wanted him in her pussy. She wanted to feel his warm essence inside her. Reluctantly she left his cock, but only for a moment as she turned around to face him.
"This is for you, darlin." Straddling his body, she could see the ecstasy in his eyes as she impaled herself on him deeply. With one thrust, she felt his fullness fill her very depths. She relished the sensation. She lifted her body and lowered herself down, again and again. Time stopped. Nothing else mattered except the two of them and what they were doing to each other.
"Sweet girl," Ante mumbled, unable to say more. His fingers found her satin covered breasts and caressed them under the silky material. He felt her hard nipples, wanting to take them in his mouth, yet knowing he couldn't. He was helpless beneath her as her body moved wildly above him.
Dezerae watched him as she circled her fingers frantically against her clit. She could feel the burning heat as pleasure filled her very core. Faster and faster she rode him deep inside her pussy. In...out...up...down...deeper and deeper. She could feel his hardness throbbing inside her, knowing he was about to cum.
Ante thrust his cock harder as he held her by the waist. His breath came fast as they strained together in their final moments of passion.
"Mmmmm, Dez..."
His last plunge flooded her with his glorious release, filling her with pulsating surges of hot cum. He felt her pussy contract against him, pulling, squeezing, tightening as her own climax overtook her.
Dezerae moaned as her orgasm gripped her in shuddering spasms. Undulating waves intensified, exploding into a continuous stream of unending bliss.
"Mmmmm...Yes!" she cried out. "Oh, God..."
Suspended in ecstasy, she enjoyed the pleasurable aftershocks that left her content and happily spent. She fell limply against Ante and felt the heaving of his chest against her. Her own heart pounded within her as she slipped into his embrace. Dez grinned. She saw the dreamy smile on his face and knew he was thinking of next time.
Holding each other amongst the pillows, they tenderly kissed as the embers in the fire slowly died out.