(In part 1 Kelli was recruited to be a swimsuit model for their company at a convention. In Part 2 she began fucking clients to make sales and was promoted to be her husband's boss. Today is her first day at work.)
Monday morning came and Kelli put on a sharp blue jacket paired with a mini-skirt. A pair of great heels completed the package. She looked like a slut, but a powerful successful slut. She thought back to the way she had treated Dave. She had cooled down a little since then but really, if he was such a bitch to let her get away with that, why not continue it?
This was the end of her doing housework for sure.
When she arrived at work, she put on her happy face. She saw the disapproving looks on some, well hell, let's just say it, almost all of the women's faces. Kelli stared them down one by one until they got the message. "I'm here to stay and you are most certainly expendable."
Kelli spent most of the day filling out forms and learning the basics of their business. It was clear to everyone what her job was going to really consist of, but she needed to know about the products just in case.
Her assistant stuck her head in the door, "Stan Feldman on line two."
Stan had told her the thing he hated most about travelling was the hotels and somehow it ended up that if he was ever in town he would come over to her house for a home cooked meal. She had sucked Stan's dick at the convention, so she had to assume it would include more than dinner.
"Stan! So nice to hear from you."
"I bet it is. Hey, I'm going to be landing there in about 4 hours. Why don't I spend the night at your place instead of getting a hotel?"
Kelli's mind whirled for a moment, but there really wasn't any answer but yes. "Why that would be lovely. I don't have the house cleaned up or anything planned for dinner but we can improvise."
"Don't worry, I'm bringing your dinner to you."
Kelli could imagine the lecherous look on his face as he said that. "You're quite a romantic Stan."
This got a laugh out of him. "Well, you've got a point, but I've got a shitload of money, and if you want my business, you'll put up with my 'romantic' ways."
"That's better than roses and chocolates any day." This ended the call on a laugh and Kelli gave him her address.
That one phone call was the extent of her work for the day. She ran home to get ready. Hours later the doorbell rang and Kelli jumped up to answer it. It was Stan.
He gave her a big kiss full on the lips and walked in pulling two rolling suitcases. He saw Dave and stopped.
"Who's that?"
"That's Dave. He's not going to be a problem."
Stan took a moment to think it through then shrugged his shoulders. He was gonna fuck this blonde bimbo even if Santa Claus was in the house.
He gave Dave five dollars and told him to tip the pizza guy when he arrived. Dave stared dumbly at it, learning the hard way what his new role was going to be. Stan didn't waste any time explaining. He turned to Kelli, "Where is our bedroom?"
Kelli took his hand and they walked down the hall.
Dave said something and Kelli swiftly turned on him, "Shut the fuck up Dave" and she gave him the "run along" gesture with her hand, mentally scooting him toward the door to wait for the pizza guy.
Dave hesitated for a moment but the fire that came into Kelli's eyes made him yelp like a scared dog and he scurried around the corner.
When I say they went "down the hall", that may seem like it was a long way but if someone is screaming at the top of their lungs it's not nearly far enough. Kelli had been screaming curse words, yelling Stan's name, and worst of all, screaming how good it feels to be fucked by a real man. Dave had never heard her talk like that before.
The pizza guy heard it also. Dave didn't let him in, but even at the doorstep, he could hear the unmistakable sound of a woman being well fucked. He looked down at the receipt in his hands and the address on it. Maybe he would hang on to that for another day.
Dave closed the door but didn't know what to do. Should he tell them the pizza was here or give them their privacy? He decided he should tell them and he began the walk toward them. He walked softly not wanting them to hear him coming, but umm, all they could hear was that Stan was close to cumming, or that's what he was yelling.
Dave peeked around the door and saw them. Kelli had a pillow in a death grip as Stan fucked her from behind. Stan was banging her hard. Dave couldn't help but look at the point where they joined. Stan's big cock was visible on each stroke as he pulled out of her. Dave understood why Kelli was screaming now. Stan's dick was twice the size of his.
Kelli must have felt like a virgin to Stan since Dave had never stretched her like she was being stretched now. Dave thought of how it would feel to fuck her now. He wouldn't even feel it probably. The phrase, "Like a hot dog in a hallway" made sense to him now. Dave had never given Kelli the kind of pleasure this stranger was giving her and Dave never would be able to now. It was sad really.
But if he was so sad, why was his cock so hard?
Stan finally blew his load into Kelli's hot sweet pussy. He rolled over in exhaustion and saw Dave standing there peeking like a kid on Christmas Eve. He laughed and Kelli soon joined him.
"The adults need private time Dave. What do you want?" Kelli's voice had a mocking tone.
"I just wanted to tell you the pizza was here."
"Took you long enough to get to that part. Did you like watching me humping her?"
Dave didn't know what to say. If he said yes, he would sound gay. If he said no, he might make Kelli mad since it would sound like he disapproved. He settled for looking down at his feet.
Kelli felt cum starting to drip from her ravaged pussy and decided to put Dave to the test. "Lick me clean Dave."
Dave turned the deepest red of his life. After Andy told him about the duties of a cuck at the convention, Dave had put it out of his mind. Tonight it all got real.
He loved Kelli so much. He loved his job.
After licking Kelli's creamy pussy, he discovered he loved something else.
He hadn't been able to touch Kelli since they returned much less be this intimate with her. If this is what it took, he was willing.
(Stay tuned for part 4, where Dave learns more about his new duties.)