I got home, went in and did the little bit of work on the computer that I'd remembered, then called for a pizza. I figured if she came over, we could eat and Sue could suck my dick while we watched a movie on TV. And if she didn't, I'd have cold pizza for breakfast.
The pizza guy came to the door, and seemed a little disappointed to see me open the door.
"Why the long face?" I asked.
"I was hoping to see the chick," he said.
He was young and good looking, the sort of guy she liked. I didn't recognize him from last time, but this could get interesting. I took the pizza from him and paid for it, then said "she might be here at some point - do you have time to come in and wait?"
"Sure!" he said, enthusiastically. "I'm done for the evening anyway."
I stood aside and let him in. I had him sit on the sofa, put the pizza down in the kitchen and was chatting about nothing in particular when there was a knock at the door. I told him to be quiet, and went and answered it.
Sue stood there, still in her summer dress.
I opened the door, then said "can I take that from you?"
She looked confused for a second, then took her dress off and handed it to me. I hung it up by the coats. She was wearing the boy shorts again.
I invited her in and closed the door behind her.
She bent over and took her shoes off, putting them by the other shoes next to the wall. She put her socks in them, and headed down the hall towards the living room.
She let out a little squeak when she saw the pizza guy sitting there looking at her, and instinctively covered her tits with her arms.
I came up behind her and said "he was hoping to see you, so he stayed around and waited."
The pizza guy grinned at her.
"Um, hi," she said.
"Did you have something you wanted to ask him?" I asked as I walked over to the chair.
She looked at me, then obviously remembered the last pizza event, and looked a little scared.
"Um, would you like to rub my tits?" she said quietly, putting her arms by her sides, fists clenched.
"Really?" he asked.
She nodded.
He jumped up, and grabbed her tits, pretty roughly, kneading them like dough.
"Gently," I said, and he calmed down.
After several minutes, from her stiffening nipples, I could see she was starting to get into it.
I said "what else did you have to ask the last pizza delivery?"
She looked at me, shocked. I smiled back at her.
"Um, would you take my panties off?" she whispered.
The pizza guy couldn't believe his luck. He ran his hands up and down her sides, eventually stopping at her boy shorts. He put his fingers in the waist band and slowly slid them down her legs. She stepped out of them, putting her hands on his shoulders to do so. He knelt there, staring at the red pubic hair over her pussy.
"Can I touch it?" he asked.
"No, I'm not ready for that," she said.
"Nobody's going to believe me," he said, standing up. "You're amazing."
"Why won't anybody believe you?" she asked.
"Well, Jimmy said you showed him your tits, and we all think he's full of shit."
"I didn't show him my tits," she said, "I just wasn't wearing a top when I came to the door."
"Nobody's going to believe I saw you naked, and played with your tits," he said.
"Good," she said. "I don't want to get a reputation."
He continued to stare at her.
"Well," she said, "if nobody's going to believe you anyway..."
She knelt down in front of him, and started undoing his jeans. He stared at her, then at me, smiling like he'd won the lottery. She fished his dick out, and ran her hand up and down it for a minute or two and he groaned and came over the side of her face and chest. She was shocked, and a little grossed out.
"Gross!" she said, "I'll be in the shower!" and disappeared into the bathroom, shutting the door behind her.
I heard the shower start up.
He tucked his shirt back in, zipped up his jeans, thanked me profusely and left. I watched him cross the parking lot and get into his car.
I opened the bathroom door, and pulled the curtain back. I sat on the toilet, watching her washing her hair.
"Were you going to suck his dick?" I asked.
"I... don't think so. I hadn't really thought that far ahead."
"He was pretty, maybe you wanted to fuck him," I said.
"No! Not at all," she said. "I guess I was hoping to let him jerk off over my tits."
"Well," I said, "mission accomplished!"
I went and got her a towel, then watched as she dried herself off.
"Can we just have a quiet night?" she asked. "I've had a lot to process today."
"Sure," I said. "You owe me one though."