Josie opened the door and smiled, looking over her new dorm room. College, away from home for the first time with all the freedom that entailed. She noticed that one of the beds was already taken so her roommate must already be here. Moving over to the empty bed she dropped her bags. The room was rather large, more of a suite. Walking in, you entered the main room. It contained some basic furniture from the school - couches, chairs - and it looks like her roommate had brought a tv as well. To the left was a small kitchenette and table. In the back there were 2 small bedrooms, with a bathroom in the middle. The two bedrooms opened in the back onto the rather large balcony. Josie's suite was on the 2nd floor from the top, offering a fair amount of privacy on the balcony. Moving back into the main room, she noticed the door to the bathroom open and her roommate slipped out, arms extended for a hug with a "Hi roomy!" She was wearing a big smile on her face and nothing else.
Jaina thought she had heard someone outside. She'd arrived earlier and after setting up her room and wishing her parents goodbye she had promptly shed her clothing. She was always a bit of an exhibitionist at heart and was looking forward to the opportunities that college presented to her. Moving out onto the balcony she had watched some of the other students moving in, totally oblivious to the wonderful show they were missing. It was still early, classes didn't start for another 3 days, so there weren't many people around yet. Even though no one had noticed her that she could see, the thought that dozens of people she had never met - but would spend the next few months sharing a building with - might look up and see her completely naked had gotten her incredibly wet. If they had looked up they would have seen a tall, slim, dark haired figure. She had C cup breasts, topped with large, dark nipples that were completely erect at that moment. She was shaved bare, hiding her natural blonde hair color, with large lips and her clit was rather large as well - erect and peeking from its hood.
She had gotten so turned on, she slipped inside and spread on her bed, masturbating furiously for a few minutes. Her room had large glass doors leading to the balcony and she had moved her bed so that the people across the way could see right into her room. The blinds were pushed to the side. Spread eagled, back arched, fingers furiously working on her slit she had come to a loud orgasm. A small smile crossed her face when she thought of how popular she might be with her neighbors. Taking a quick shower, she had toweled off and - hearing noise in the main room - slipped out to greet her new roommate.
Josie blinked, speechless and hugged her new roommate. She felt Jaina's warm and excited body through the thin fabric of her t-shirt and shorts. She was blond as well, undyed, slightly taller and skinnier than Jaina. Her breasts were slightly smaller B cups, but from her brief glimpse of her roommate coming out of the bathroom her slit was tighter and her clit even larger and more prominent. As they disentangled she blushed softly, feeling a little wet between the legs. She rarely wore a bra and had naughtily gone sans panties today. Taking another look up and down her firm roommate she finally found her voice.
"Wow, you always greet new people with a naked hug?"
Jaina giggled, crossing her arms under her tits absentmindedly, lifting them up even more. "No, not always. But I'm sort of an exhibitionist and don't plan on wearing clothes much around the suite. So, since you're gonna be seeing me like this anyways, I didn't think it would be a problem."
"Not a problem at all. I don't think I'll be doing the same but I don't mind at all. I'm all about being comfortable. But you should throw something on for now since my parents and brother will be up in a minute!"
Just then the door to the suite opened and Josie's brother Jonathan walked through the door, overloaded with bags. "Geez Josie, what did you do, pack rocks? Have you seen your roommate yet, is she cut..." At that moment he looked up and saw Jaina in all her glory. Dropping the bags abruptly, he stood slack jawed.
Jaina held out her arms, twirling slowly, a big smile on her face. "Well, what do you think? Am I cute?"
Jon, eyes wide, simply nodded before snapping back to his senses. "Hell yeah. I especially like your outfit."
Jaina ran her hands down her form, pinching her nipples and flicking her clit - grinning at the growing bulge in Jon's pants. "What, this old thing?" She moved over, slipping her leg behind his knee she hugged him, drawing his body close to hers, his bulge pressed right against her moist crotch. "That for me? Thanks." She whispered huskily in his ear before backing up, smiling as he seemed even more dumbfounded. Josie just looked on with a mix of humor and shock at her roommate's brazen actions. "I'm Jaina by the way. I know your sister's name is Josie. Considering you now know me very well, I think I should know yours as well."
His pants uncomfortably tight, he managed to creak out. "Jon... Jonathan."
Jaina nodded. "Nice to meet you Jon. But Josie said your parents are on their way up. I better slip something on." She slipped into her room, appearing a minute later wearing a long t-shirt that went to her knees - leaving the siblings wondering what she had on underneath - and just in time to meet their parents.
The two roommates started setting up Josie's room and putting away her things while her family brought up the rest of her stuff. Then with the typical farewells, they bid them goodbye. Once the door closed, Jaina grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and whipped it over her head, leaving her nude again. Josie just laughed.
"You spent the whole time with my parents in just a t-shirt? You're bad, you might as well have stayed naked. I thought I could make out your nipples."
"Mhmm, yeah. And your brother's cute. Between him and prancing around here half naked with your family oblivious I'm wet as hell. Let's go out on the balcony, I wanna wave goodbye."
"Like that? Ok.."
They moved out, watching Josie's family walk towards the parking lot. Jaina smiled and waved to Jon when he turned around and got one more eyeful - nearly stumbling in the process. Giggling, the two girls slipped inside.
"I'm starving and we have no food, want to order a pizza?" Jaina asked.
"Sure, you gonna answer the door like that?"
"On one condition, if you're sitting on the couch in full view. And you're naked as well. Masturbating is optional." She grinned and winked.
Still wet, Josie blushed. "I couldn't do that - especially not masturbating! What about if I remove my top? I'm not wearing a bra."
Smirking to herself that she was getting her new roomy showing off at least topless the first day, Jaina readily agreed. "But only if you greet him at the door with me."
20 minutes later, a knock at the door brought a naked Jaina and a topless Josie. Jaina, whipped open the door and smirked when the pizza guy looked up, eyes wide as he took in the two mostly naked hotties. "Uh... that'll be $9.78." Jaina took the pizza and moved towards the kitchen, leaving Josie fidgeting slightly. "Can you get that Josie?"
Josie gave him a ten as Jaina came back, standing slightly behind her. "I'm sorry we don't have a better tip."
The pizza guy smiled, looking them over once more. "That's ok..."
As he turned, Jaina called out. "Wait, I think I might have something we can give you." As he turned back, Jaina took a step back and before Josie could react she grabbed the waistline of her shorts whipping them to the ground - leaving her completely naked as well. Already turned on beyond belief, her eyes widened as her sudden exposure sent her over the edge. She leaned back against Jaina, body flushed as she cried out softly. Jaina smiled at the unexpected bonus, and reached out, shutting the door on the wide smiling delivery boy. It was gonna be a fun semester.