Everyone having sex is at least 18. This is a work of fiction. I made it all up. This story more so than most of my writing is proof that I write fiction. That means that no, I am not in the Army, I don't live in Canada, I have never been on a dog sled, and this story will most likely never happen. It is a heck of a story, so check reality at the door and enjoy it for what it is.
Warning: this is a self-edited story. I do use Grammarly to help reduce my ability to murder the English language. Special thanks to goducks1 for his help.
*****
Chapter 26 -- Dimitri Admovidovich
A week later ...
My name is Dimitri Admovidovich. I'm a private in the Russian army. I am a twenty-year veteran sniper that's still a private because I like to drink too much and don't like authority. I am my country's best sniper though, so they keep me around. I'm on a ten-day leave, walking through the Canadian forest. I am looking for a cunt called Nakita. She killed my brother and several of his officers, then she disbanded the organization he built. I must avenge my brother.
It was an almost perfect crime organization. It was run with military precision. Then the bitch came along. She killed my brother in bed. Today, she is going to die. According to GPS, I am close. My brother stashed away a lot of money for me. I used most of it up buying intelligence and transport for this mission. I know about the family that lives there and that they are protecting her. However, from 800 yards, there is no defense if I can see her.
I am on a small hill, far from their compound. There is construction in progress and lots of people milling around. I see some women, one must be her. I look in my scope, and sure enough, there is the fucking bitch. I smile. I load a round in my rifle and start going through my steps. I already know the distance due to my laser range finder, it's 625 meters. I see the wind is light and I can feel the humidity, it's low. Yesterday, I took some training shots to verify the conditions before I moved in closer to my target. I'm confident. The bitch is going to die.
Think. Relax. Align my sights, check the wind, start doing my internal calculations to get the perfect kill shot. I am seconds away from getting my revenge and avenging my dear brother's death.
It's odd, for the first time in my life, I feel happiness. This will be very satisfying. I'm proud that I am avenging my brother's death even though it has taken so long. She was untouchable while in charge. Now, she is a nobody, and nobody will care. Her own government hates her. Getting information from them was effortless. They practically gave it to me.
+++++
Two days previous, Brian's point of view:
My satellite phone rings. It's by the front door, I go running. This is highly unusual.
I answer the phone, "Hello, this is Brian."
My old friend George has me on speakerphone, "Brian, this is going to be short. In a few minutes, a helicopter will land with two CIA agents. I want you to take them out hunting, far from your house. They will fill you in. Goodbye my friend and take care of yourself."
Well, that was different. I can hear the helicopter coming in now, it's one from the base, I know the sound well. I find it interesting that two CIA agents from the United States are being dropped off on my front door by a Canadian helicopter. Kim is the only one nearby.
I yell out, "Kim, we have two visitors coming. I am going to take them out hunting. I don't know if we will be back for dinner. I don't know if they or I am staying the night. This is work but different and that's all I know. I've got to go, I will be in touch later."
She looks concerned but accepts it. She really doesn't have a choice, this is my work life. I grab my personal rifle, my backpack, and Rocky. Then I am out the door to meet two people. Rocky was with Mary, but when I shouted and blew his whistle, he came running. He always does. Mary comes running too and has a hurt look on her face seeing me with my rifle and backpack. She instantly knows this is work.
The helicopter touches down, the two men drift off the aircraft and on to the solid ground, ducking their heads. They walk directly to me as surely they know exactly who I am. Each has a backpack, a sniper rifle, and is dressed in standard military fatigues. Both are wearing floppy hats with long brims that help to hide their faces. They aren't hiding, but they aren't showing off either.
I shake their hands, they introduce themselves as Ben and Brad. Yeah, like those are their real names. I point North, and we start walking into the deep forest. There is a campground about three hours walk from here, I will take them there.
They say nothing and allow me to guide them to the campsite. Rocky, as always, is slightly ahead and to my side. I know he will alert me to any danger. I notice the two men behind me walk silently. I find it slightly creepy. As we near the campsite, I start picking up materials (sticks, branches, and twigs) to start a fire for tonight. We each have MRE's and coffee. The fire is for warmth and light so I can see who I am talking to. On entering the campsite, the other two men have picked up larger pieces of wood so the fire will burn for a while.
Our campsites have firepits to help keep the fires safe. This site has a small stream nearby for fresh water. There are bricks around the firepit, so no mud to make a mess. Overall, they're charming places to stop. This one rarely gets used because it is so close to home.
Brad starts by pulling a file out of his backpack and hands it to me. Ben tries to start a fire, but he is not at home in the forest. Brad assists, he is far more knowledgeable. I have a file on a Russian military sniper, a private. Interesting, twenty years of experience. An impressive history of success, a remarkable account of being busted down to private, and impressive shooting scores. I would bet his liver shows a noteworthy history of drinking as well. I know this type of soldier, he makes me sick.
Ben starts the talking after he sits on a log set up for seating, "That man is the brother of the guy Penny killed to take over the smuggling organization. The Brits basically gave him everything on Penny, including her current location. He spent his life savings on overhead surveillance photos, intelligence, and transportation to get here and back. He'll be here in two days."
Brad continues, "In Russian lore, revenge is common. However, they don't always kill the person, sometimes they kill their family. We believe there is a genuine threat to Penny and your entire family."
I drop the file. Papers blow in the wind. Ben is all over it, he recovers every page. I am sick to my stomach, I want to throw up.
Ben continues, "With the new friendship between Russia and America, it turns out that your old general friend, General George McMichael and this guy's counterpart in Russia met each other a while ago and still stay in contact. The man hates Dimitri. They watch their men close, and he knows what Dimitri is up to." He smiles at me. "Your general trades the information for ten cases of American beer. He places a bow on each case and overnights it to Russia. That's some friend you have."
Now it's Brad's turn, "We know everything including the route he will take. Satellites are already tracking him. There is a hill about 700 yards due north from your camp where he will set up. The idiot had intel help pick out the hill for him. They know everything ... if we believe them. So far, he is following the exact path he planned out. A true professional soldier. He planned his course, and he is sticking to the plan ... so far."
Ben adds, "Tomorrow he will spend ten rounds practicing at noon which is the same time he will attack the following day. Then he will time his movement to arrive at 11:45 AM. When he sees Penny and or your family, he will start shooting."
Brad is all smiles, "We have been authorized to prevent that from happening. Penny was extremely helpful. She kept every bit of data we could ever want, and it's made a huge difference. It was like winning the lottery for us. We don't want her taken out by some drunk that envies his terrorist brother. The Brits are all wrong on her. She has been the best thing that has happened to us in decades."
Ben is now all smiles, "Ever see 'The Wrath of Khan'?"
I reply with a questioning look, "Yessssssss?"
Ben smiles and talks, no shit, he talked twice in a row, "In the movie, Spock points out how Khan's limited military training was working against him, he was only thinking 2D where in space, you can move 3D. We are going to spread out and move to 3D. We are going up into the trees. He will only be looking ahead of him on the ground. In the Russian army, it's the spotter that looks around and is tactical. Dimitri is just a shooter."
Brad takes over again, "We will each be up in trees, perched on a mounted treestand with camouflage ponchos for cover. This way if he changes his mind, we can cover a large area. You can climb a tree, right?"
I don't even dignify that with an answer.
Brad continues, smiling at my refusal to answer him, "We each have a camera on our gun. We would prefer to catch him in the act of aiming a gun at a Canadian citizen before one of us kills him. I am going to place a remote-controlled high-frequency whistle in the ground. I assume your dog will run to it and distract him."
I am in shock, "You guys have remote-controlled dog whistles?"
Ben laughs, "Well, not until yesterday when an MIT student made these for us. All of us combined will never be as smart as those kids are now."
Brad smiles and then breaks out his rifle, "So, anywhere, anytime, no money too much, moving or still?"
I smile big, "Wow, yes, I guess I did say that. You guys can shoot with those things?"
They both smile at me.
Brad says, "You see that single birch tree with three pines behind it? I will center three holes half way up. Ben will go a foot above, and you get a foot below."
Brad has an ultralight sniper rifle, the newest technology. He has a better scope than I do as well. He takes his time and squeezes off three shots just like a professional would. I look through my scope, and the placement is very tight. This guy is damn good.
Ben has the same rifle and shoots an almost identical grouping, just slightly further apart, Brad is better.
Brad says to Ben, "Someday you may beat me. Not today though."
Brad is smug in his abilities. My rife is far more cumbersome and has a slightly lesser scope. However, I have five years with this rifle. I wouldn't change a thing. In quick succession, I place five rounds on top of each other. They don't believe it, we walk out to the tree. A single bullet hole.
Brad asks, "Did you miss four times?"
I reach into my pocket and pull out my Leatherman. I then proceed to pull out five slugs from my hole. With the shooting, Canadian Geese are flying in their standard "V" formation overhead. I load a cartridge, look up, and shoot a goose from the sky.
I ask the two men, "Care to try that shot with the next 'V' formation?"
Ben spoke for both, "I think you've passed the test. We can count on you to hit your target."
I ask bluntly, "Was there ever a doubt? Surely you have heard the stories by now?"
Brad is rather honest, "We hear a lot of fantastic stories. Everything about you screams fraud to us so no, we don't believe everything we hear. We deal in facts. You're too good to be true. However, in this case, you're exactly as advertised. I thought we were the best of the best. We spent many years overseas as the most prolific hunters."
I correct them, "Second most prolific. There was a spot without a name. George was grooming me for this special position so my name could not be known, or I would have been taken by others. Ok, not this exact position but he did have plans. I had my own plan. You saw the way I lead targets, I don't need to wait for them to stop. If I could see them, I could kill them. Very few people know about me, I would like to keep it that way, so we don't have to do this more often, ok?"
Ben spoke in turn again, "We completely understand. Let's go back, eat, tell a few wild stories, and then get some sleep. We'll need a good night's sleep. Thanks for the humbling experience, I now have a new goal."
+++++
Back to Dimitri and his point of view:
Decision time, his wife, mother, sister's best friend, or Nakita? I need Nakita to die, the others are payback to that man that ruined my family. Ok, focus and let's take a shot. I have twenty more rounds at my fingertips for my next targets.
I am distracted by an unusual sound. I can't shoot distracted, what is that? I turn to my right, and a dog is sprinting at me like he is in mortal danger. No, that isn't a dog, that's Rocky! Oh fuck, that means ...
... the crack of a rifle shot is heard in the distance. Dimitri never heard it.
Brian's point of view:
The bastard had it coming to him. The guy had no clue that a whistle not ten feet from him blew because it is above the human range of hearing. However, it's not above a dog's field of hearing. Rocky ran to the whistle. He is about 60 pounds of dog, and his tongue is out when he runs. A big fur ball like that, when running at full speed, is a lot of movement in your peripheral vision and he makes a fair amount of noise with each step. A perfect distraction to a sniper.
What I did not expect was that eight other dogs would come running to that position. SHIT! I don't want my family finding this mess, and I certainly don't want them knowing. Dimitri was wearing camouflage, so he isn't easy to spot from a distance. I make a split decision and quickly descent the back side of the tree and then jog to my family. They look confused to see me.
Kim is worried on seeing me, "We heard a shot. What's going on?"
I laugh it off, "I was on my way back and saw an elk, so I scared him off. I will be back tomorrow." I kiss her lightly on the lips like I have done thousands of times before.
I hand Kim my rifle which surprises her. I go into a nearby shed and come out with fishing poles and a box of flies for fishing. I then jog back the way I came. Only Rocky stays with me. On the opposite side of the hill, Ben and Brad have dragged the body off the hill and are wrapping it up in his poncho. They then put Dimitri on their shoulders and off we go, back to our campsite. At the campsite, they each grab a portable shovel from their packs and walk east, returning an hour later.
200 yards from the campsite, a small creek has a wider, slow spot where we fish. We didn't even get a nibble. Nobody spoke, we are each dealing with the mission internally. These guys have not killed much, I can see it in their eyes. Their story is full of shit, these are not experienced killers. It's a lot easier to shoot a target than a person. The relaxation of fly fishing helped. There is just enough to do to help distract the mind.
As the sun starts setting, we walk back to camp and eat an MRE. We start another fire and then talk.
Ben speaks softly tonight, a big contrast to last night, "How do you deal with the killing? I still see the faces."
I am honest with him, "We're professionals, it's our job." He isn't buying my answer, so I continue. "After enough, they all blend together. You never forget though. It's why so many men can't talk about it. It can eat you alive unless you find a way to deal with it. I use a professional therapist and love. I love my family, my dog, and my country. You need something extraordinary in your life as well, or you are doomed. I had female friends on the base, and later I had Rocky. You need something outside of work. Having a pal like Rocky is enormous.
"Screwing up some tests don't hurt either. At a certain point, you're no longer good enough to be a sniper. However, you are good enough to start a new rescue program where a sniper works with a dog to form an effective rescue and extraction team. Saving lives is a whole lot more satisfying to me than taking them. Bad people still die but seeing a man lying in a stretcher breathing in a helicopter is a pretty good feeling.
"They may be in pain, possibly bleeding still, but we are rushing back to base at full military power to save his life. He smiles at you. He knows you risked your life for him, and his odds of survival are very high now." Now I am playful, "Then he either passes out or pukes on your shoes as he realizes he almost died. It's worth it though."
Now I have a tear in my eye, "Now, I'm washed up. I failed to finish my last two missions and worse, they had to carry me out, I was a detriment to the mission. They've retired me from active duty, and I'm strictly a teacher now. Don't get me wrong, I love my family and working with the dogs. However, nothing can replace the smile of someone that survives. I miss that."
I sulk now, and there is nothing they can say to help me. I go sit back against a tree and fall asleep with Rocky at my side, laying with his back up against me.
+++++
At the crack of dawn, we are up and on the trail home. They are in a better mood, but nobody talks. As we are walking up to my house, I hear a helicopter nearing. Mary and Kim rush into my arms.
Ben turns to me in a calm and confident voice that is friendly at the same time, "I know a lot of soldiers, male and female, that hurt emotionally if you know what I mean." I do. "Would you mind spending a few days with them and talk? You've so many security clearances that you can talk about anything. I think this could be a new way to 'rescue' people. The first would be my wife, she was in the infantry. She is the only original member of her unit to survive. She has a lot of guilt. I can't help her, and I see it slowly killing her. No therapy has helped, maybe you can?"
I give him a manly bear hug and say, "Set it up with Kim or Mary, I'm no doctor, but I'll do what I can. I'll need to know if she likes hunting, fishing, horseback riding, or sitting in a beautiful lodge eating fantastic meals."
He laughs, "My wife has had enough of the great outdoors, a few days of cooking and relaxing would be great."
The helicopter lands, Ben and Brad, run off and in a flash are gone.
Kim kisses me, "Sounds like you just got a great new job."
I hesitate before responding, "If they want me to try, that means counseling has failed, or they've refused to go. We'll need to be careful and then decide if we want to continue. I helped those two, I'll give it a try."
We walk inside, and I begin cooking breakfast. Penny is watching me closely, she is making me nervous. I pay more attention to my eggs, I don't want to catch hell for burning them. With coffee, bacon, and eggs going, everyone is soon up and at the table.
+++++
Later in the day ...
Kim runs up to me, and she is frantic. She is trying to speak, cry, walk, and all at the same time, and none of it's working. She is grabbing to drag me with her. I grab her shoulders so that she focuses on me, she does.
I tell Kim in a calm, smooth voice, "You're excited, I don't understand you. What's the problem?"
Still excited but in a calmer voice, Kim yells, "She is leaving! Now! Come stop her!"
Now that I have part of the story, Kim runs off to cabin number three, Penny's cabin. The door is open, and I see Penny in a rush pacing a backpack. She has too many clothes and makeup, it doesn't fit no matter how hard she tries. She too is crying while packing and seems borderline hysterical. Mary is the calm one of the group ... normally. Mary is grabbing Penny's stuff out of the pack and slowly putting it back while yelling "No," at her.
I stand in the doorway and use my best imitation of a drill Sargent to scream, "FREEZE! What the hell is going on here?"
Penny is crying but stops to look at me. I scared her with my voice, and she is like a little girl now as she tries to explain.
Penny meekly talks through the tears, "I heard the gunshot. I found the blood. I'm putting you all in danger by being here. I must leave. I love you guys too much to bring you any harm."
Right now, my feelings are all over the place. SHE KNOWS! Kim and Mary don't know, but they will find out soon if they haven't figured it out already by her comments. It also stuns me that Mary and Kim both care so much about Penny. I really have underestimated their friendship. That explains why they encouraged me to fuck her last week, something I am still in shock over. However, now I am getting the true picture. This is more than just thanks for helping my boyfriend. They are attached to this woman. They really love her.
I shout out, "All three of you, on the bed NOW!"
My loud voice had it's expected result, all three of them line up on the bed, they all have tears in their eyes and are looking at me.
I use a smooth, calm, voice to explain, "Two days ago, two American intelligence officers land and we run off to the campsite north of here." They look at me in shock. "Yeah, I was a bit surprised myself. They hand me a folder detailing the career of a Russian sniper. They warn me that the Russian sniper in the file is on his way to kill Penny and possibly our family. We know his exact path, plan, and timetable. He is the brother of the leader Penny killed from that terrorist organization. Rocky and I took him out. It was sanctioned by the American, Canadian, British, and Russian governments.
"Trust me, those four rarely agree on anything, this was a small miracle, maybe the start of something bigger. Anyways, the deed is done. He has no more family, nobody else cares. They're scattered and moved on with life. Nobody liked living in that castle. Nobody liked you or the previous leader, too many of their comrades died."
Now with a smile on my face and a bit of a smirk, I explain, "I'd hoped that none of you would know about this. There is no safer place on earth, three countries have our backs."
Before I can continue, all three jump up and plaster me against the wall and then assault me with kisses and breasts pushing into me. Oh well, the things I must endure for the love of my family.
Chapter 27 -- A New Life
Three weeks later, two women step off a helicopter. That is a very rare occurrence. The first woman I recognize immediately, it's Muffin. No shit. No secret service, no entourage, she is on her own. However, she isn't here to see me. She runs at Penny, and they give each other hugs. She has ten pieces of luggage and several shopping bags that she hands to Penny.
The second woman is a shy but sturdy woman with almost no breasts. She is unsure of the situation. Kim quickly rushes to her and welcomes Barb, Ben's wife. I wonder if this is her real name. Not every name begins with a "B." She looks at me in surprise and awe.
I laugh at her, "Yeah, I know. You were expecting a guy that was twenty feet tall and carries a two-bladed ax. Everyone's disappointed when it's just me."
She is blunt, "No, actually, I was thinking I can't believe my husband sent me to see a hunk of a man like you." She looks at Kim, "Please tell me he's hung like a horse and eats pussy."
Kim isn't as excited anymore, "Both are true; however, he's married. Happily married. To me."
Barb is exceptionally embarrassed now, "Oh no, I'm happily married. You are one lucky woman."
Mary speaks up, "We three are all fortunate women. "Penny, Kim, and me, I'm Mary, we are very lucky to have him in our lives."
Barb's mouth opens wide, she looks at Kim, "You share him?"
I grab her arm and start walking inside, it is beginning to rain as I say, "My wife has two very good friends. It's a long story."
As we sit down, Barb admits, "I don't know why I'm here. I won't go camping, I've had enough of that."
Mary takes Barb's hand, and they sit on a sofa, while Kim and I sit in another. Mary holds Barb's hand, and Kim snuggles up with me.
I look at Mary. She looks back at me. Fine.
I start with a friendly and calm voice, "Barb, I know you've seen death."
Mary stands up, walks to Kim, grabs her hand, makes her stand up, and then they are off to the kitchen as she informs us, "We'll start on lunch."
Typical Mary, she knew what we needed.
I continue, "I've seen a lot over my years in the service." Six dogs walk into the room to greet Barb. Her eyes water. "Rocky is my wife's dog. He and I ran rescue and recovery missions together for several years. Recently, I was put to pasture so younger, more capable guys could do the work. I train them, and they follow my example, but it's not the same."
We talk for two hours about our experiences and what bothers us to this day. Kim interrupts us. She puts out her hand for Barb, and she drags her into the kitchen. I hear giggling, and "Oh my," "Really," and a "So cute." Are they cooking?
Mom and dad join us, they were in the video conference room with the architects. Penny and Muffin come in, both recently showered. Hmmmmm... Barb sits us down for lunch while Kim and Mary serve. Mom and dad clear the table and Penny comes in with a cookie plate.
She stands in front of me and asks, "Which would you like?"
The cookies are frosted and alternate between blue and pink. Tears fall down my face as understanding hits me that pink and blue have a much more significant meaning. I take the entire plate. All the women scream in a high-pitched scream of excitement.
Penny screams, "Kim just told me and had her hand over my mouth so we could surprise you."
In a flash, I am up and hugging Penny very tight to me. My first thought is of her breasts getting more prominent and leaking milk. I want to fuck her on the table right now.
+++++
The following day, a helicopter is on its way to pick up Barb. The entire family, Muffin, and Penny are sitting in the living room waiting for the aircraft to arrive. Rocky is at Mary's feet, and Shorty is at Kim's feet. Penny's dog is not allowed in the house.
Barb is very emotional, tears are running down her face as Kim, and I hold her tight, "My husband said I would feel better after talking to you. I do feel much calmer. Your house is fantastic, your family has been amazing to me, your dogs are incredible, and talking to you has helped me enormously.
"You know what I went through, and I think I know how to deal with it better now. I might need to come back more often though. I know many people like me that would benefit from being here. Would you mind me passing out your name?"
I give her the same line I did her husband, "Kim and Mary run my life. Just run it by them. I am more at ease now and think I could take on a group as long as they all wanted cooking, relaxing, hunting or fishing."
Barb is curious now, "Just curious, I want to know what my husband thinks of me. How much did he pay you for these few days?"
I smile at her, "I don't charge for this. I hope you don't think I do this for money. Had I asked, I believe he would have paid anything I asked for. Deep down, I think you already knew that, didn't you?"
She is bashful, she knew. The dogs' bark, the helicopter must be close.
Barb gets up and hugs me, and while still embracing me, she says, "My husband said you have your own demons. In my book, you are still rescuing people. I wasn't in danger of being shot, I wasn't leaking blood. However, I was injured possibly in a worse way, one that can't easily be healed.
"I go home now able to sleep, and with the stories your women have told me about you, my husband will be in high demand for a while fucking me. I feel much better, refreshed, and rejuvenated. I can't possibly pay you or thank you enough for all you have done. Thank you."
Muffin gives Penny a kiss that would strip paint from a barn, it was so hot.
Muffin says to all of us, "Thank you, Brian, for saving my life. Thank you, Penny, for making it bearable. If anyone ever harasses you or you need a favor, just give daddy a call. My entire family owes you big time. I've had a blast here. No reporters, no Secret Service. It's awesome. I'm sure the News agencies think I've been kidnapped again. Won't they be surprised when I walk off a plane? Bye!"
They both run out to the helicopter in tears.
Ben is there to greet his wife. She nearly crushes him to death with a huge hug.
Chapter 28 -- Mary's Turn
After watching a movie on TV, it's bedtime. I am walking towards the stairs alone. Nobody follows me, that's unusual. I stop and turn around. I have a questioning look on my face, "What?" Everyone else has a smile on their face.
Mary stands up and walks to the center of the room. Her hips start swaying to unheard music which as you might guess, is not a regular event in our home. Mom jumps up and inserts a slow and sexy jazz CD into our stereo system. Mary is in sync with the music now. She makes a big showing of unbuttoning each button on her shirt and then tossing it to Penny. Penny folds the garment and places it on the coffee table.
She slides the straps off her shoulders, so they are limp and unsupportive. She unclips the bra but holds the ends, so her breasts are held in place. She leans forward and flings the bra at Penny, allowing her breasts to swing forward and then from side to side with her body movements. Penny folds the bra and places it on the table. Mary stands up straight, her entire body is swaying like it's doing the wave. Her breasts are fantastic as they swing back and forth. Dad and I are mesmerized.
After a bit of dancing and spinning, she pushes her skirt down little by little until it drops to the floor, showing that she went commando tonight. Using a foot, she kicks the skirt up into the air and towards Penny. Yes, she folded the skirt and places it on the table. She continues the swaying of her breasts and adds a finger into herself, she rubs her lips slowly so we can see exactly what she is doing.
After a few minutes, she is using her finger in a "come here" motion. I am quick to react. Mary changes from swaying back and forth to more of a thrust of her hips like she is fucking. Yet she stays still. Next is Penny and Kim that get up and are at my side. Each of them quickly pulls their tops and bras up and over their head showing their magnificent breasts.
I am at a loss for words. Both women press their breasts into my sides and together, they pull my Oilers jersey up and over my head. It's thrown at mom who drops it on the floor in a pile. I laugh internally, that's exactly what I would have done. Kim and Penny are running their hands over my muscular chest. I can feel their heavy and humid breath on my skin, it tickles me which causes me to smirk at them. They kiss every scar I have.
I see mom lubing up a strap on as Kim and Penny pull down my shorts and boxers, revealing my snake and he is hard as a rock. Both Penny and Kim wiggle their bodies, so their breasts smash into my muscular arms before they go to sit down. Mary uses a finger to push me down, so I am on my knees in front of her. I reach for her and pull her to me. She moves willingly.
Looking down at me, firmly in control, Mary says loud enough for all to hear, "This is my most fertile day. The public display worked for Penny, so here we are again. I am nervous in front of your parents and Penny. I feel embarrassment, humiliation, but I am horny as hell. I don't need a warm up, I need to be fucked."
As if on cue, Mary's parents walk into the house. I guess they were hiding in a cabin.
Mary shouts, "No, no, no! I'm not fucking a man in front of my parents. We're not selling fucking tickets to this event!"
Mary looks to be on the verge of collapsing, her parents look mortified. I lean forward and lick Mary's vagina, gaining some of her sweet nectar. She shoots straight up and has a look of shock on her face. I insert a finger inside and wiggle it around. My tongue is working hard to please Mary and distract her from her parents who move to a love seat and seem fascinated with our actions. Roscoe's mouth is open, he can't believe what he is seeing. Connie has lust in her eyes.
I use my hands to grab her hips and hold her in place, not that she wants to get away. My tongue is quick, and I use long licks. I can go faster, I can go harder, yet this seems right. I am in no rush. If she gets too close to her orgasm, I slow to a crawl. She never complains. Mom seems frustrated with me, she wants to see an orgasm. Too bad mom, I am giving Mary what she likes.
It takes ten minutes of tasty pussy eating before she orgasms even with me slowing down. She screams and falls to her knees. I catch her body, preventing sore knees. I lay her gently on her back and move slowly up her body. I give her a long, light kiss on the lips. She parts her lips and her tongue attacks mine. I am submissive, she gets her way, and she dominates my tongue. This is highly unusual for her.
My hands roam her breasts and tease her nipples. I am lightly tweaking a nipple and then tracing the areola with my tongue. I alternate sides to keep her off balance which makes it more interesting. After I have satisfied my need to play with her breasts, I move on to the main event. Her mother looks giddy with excitement, her father looks pained like he doesn't want to be here.
Mary guides my steel into her sheath. She is still tight, I go slow, for her benefit. Roscoe raises an eye at that. I slide in slowly and pull out slowly for a while. Eventually, I get us to our cruising speed. Mary likes it slower than Kim or Penny. She loves to feel my meat sliding against her velvety walls. She moans with satisfaction.
Mary is always the most talkative, "Fuck yeah, this is awesome. I want all that baby batter inside of me. My oven is warm and ready, I want this so bad. I love you, Brian. I love that you treat me so well. I would be happy just being fucked, yet you go slow, at my speed, so I maximize my pleasure. I know many women don't get this kind of loving. I really appreciate you doing this for me. I don't have Penny's or even Kim's good looks. I don't know why you bother with me, but I do love that you do."
Roscoe and his wife seem near tears.
I laugh at Mary, "How little you know. Who cares who the best-looking woman in this room is? I don't love you, Kim, or Penny for your looks. I will admit, I don't mind that you all are magnificent and sexy. However, each of you is special in unique ways. You're the organizer, the compromiser, and the strongest of us all, emotionally. We need you as much as you need us. Love may be blind, but it knows a person's heart. You're meant to be with us."
I start the swiveling of my hips. I have never done this with Mary before, and she is confused. She knows I adjust speeds to keep her paying attention but changing the angle has her wondering what happened. Mary is a smart girl, and it doesn't take long for her to figure it out. Tears are falling from her eyes now. She understands she just graduated to advanced fucking. They all talk between themselves, she knows I held back.
It's now been long enough that everyone is leaning back in their seats. Thirty minutes of not fucking is a long time, they are bored. I need to speed this up anyways. I have two more fertilizations to administer. I speed up significantly, and everyone leans forward. They are anticipating the end that is nearing. Both of us are a mess. Her hair is a bird's nest, we are both sweaty and breathing hard. The smell of sex is strong in the room. It's not just Mary, no, all the women are fingering themselves and dad, and Roscoe are rubbing their cocks.
I continue the speed increase. Usually, I am like a car shifting gears, each having its own speed. This time, I am a variable speed transmission, I shift continuously in an increasingly faster rate. Mary is no longer able to talk. She has been reduced to grunts and moans. I am still shy of my fastest speed.
Up until now, I have been gentle and loving. I eased my way in and eased my changes of speed and angles. Now, I can get a massive shift in style by fucking her as fast and hard as I can. I can't fuck as hard as I did to Penny, but for Mary, this is a considerable change. I use my muscles now to slam into her harder. Her parents look alarmed at the ferocity I am slamming into Mary. Mary, on the other hand, has a big "O" on her face, her eyes are popping out of her head, and she is ready for one of her hard orgasms.
However, Mary is way out of character. She can vary her orgasm reactions, but I have never heard her scream as loud and long as she did this time. Then she typically asks how the weather is outside. Not this time. She passes out as I am bursting inside of her womb and paint it in a sticky white baby batter. Six good shots of sperm shoot into her body. Her breath is shallow, and her eyes are rolled up into her skull. I lay her down on her back. We don't want any sperm falling out.
Her parents look at me in awe. Her mother jumps up, grabs Roscoe's hand and says, "Cabin #5 awaits!"
I shout out, "Counter that command." They both look at me, confused. They want to fuck. I am quick to my feet and take her mother's hand. "Take off your clothes." She stands with her mouth wide open. I command Roscoe, "Strip you wife now! Then I want you fucking her like the stud you are. Use your muscles and pound the fuck out of her or I WILL!"
Roscoe surprises me, in a flash his wife's shirt is over her head, her bra is off, and he pulls down her pants. He rips off her panties. He forces her down on to her knees, and she is still in shock and trying to cover her body. Roscoe takes advantage and shoves his cock into her hard. She yelps and falls forward onto her knees. He takes an aggressive speed.
I am still screaming at them, "Harder! Faster! Use less depth and a shorter stroke. You are a hummingbird. Use your manly strength to pull her body into you. She embarrassed you, humiliated you, you don't need her permission to make decisions. Fuck that shit, you are a man, you make your own decisions. You are taking her in front of this group, and you are showing her who the boss is. YOU ARE THE BOSS. Now fuck her hard like you mean it. POUND THAT PUSSY!"
Holy shit, what did I just do? Did I say all of that? Oh my God, they are going to hate me and take their daughter away. Oh my, I fucked up good this time. I notice that nobody can see my worry. Roscoe is doing precisely what I told him to do, and he is a man possessed. A very happy man.
His wife doesn't seem to mind the show either. Not anymore. She is sweating, and I see a river of fluids running down her legs and into the rug. She can't speak. She is leaning forward and thrusting back to meet his thrusts. It's a thing of beauty the way he is taking her.
Roscoe doesn't have my stamina. All too quickly, he fires his rocket into his wife, and they both collapse onto their sides. Mom is quick to rush to their needs. They are just fine, no issues in the world. They both have a grin as big as their daughters.
Connie says, "I had heard stories about your family. I find the experience much more enjoyable. My husband has never fucked me like that before. As Brian coached him, I felt him speed up, slam harder, and it sent me into orbit long before my scream. I had about a five-minute orgasm. I thought he was going to kill me, and I didn't care. It was wonderful. Thank you all so much, and Brian was right, an audience makes a huge difference."
Mary finally woke up, "I'm going to have twins, a boy, and a girl. I saw the egg get fertilized twice. It was odd, I could feel my entire body, and I saw your cock shoot six loads into me. I saw my womb get painted and then I saw the swimmers attack my eggs. The deed is done. I'm positive."
Ok, she is way too happy and just went crazy on me. It's a cute story though.
Penny is sitting on the floor. I didn't even notice that she moved until mom pushed her over into doggie. Mom has a strap-on attached and nothing else. When did my mom strip her clothes off? I do watch intently, as does everyone else, as mom takes a thin plastic cock and spears Penny's asshole.
Dad comments, "Fuck, that is smoking hot."
Penny is positioned correctly so I can see her breasts swaying as mom fucks her asshole. Mom has a huge smile on her face, Penny, not so much so. She is smiling as she looks at me. Obviously, they've all been planning this for a while. It's choreographed very nicely. They planned this show to get me hard again. Dammit, it's working. I am nearly hard already. How do they know what I like?
Wait a minute, everyone would find that hot, not just me. Sure enough, all eyes are glued to the rhythm of mom pounding Penny's back door. Those breasts are amazing. Dad can't take it anymore, he hobbles over on his new prosthetic foot and gets behind mom. Clearly, this is not part of the plan. Ah ha, that makes this a woman thing. I knew it! Don't think I am going to complain though. This is fucking hot. As mom pulls out, dad pushes in. As mom thrusts in, dad pulls out.
Mom is having a hard time concentrating now, the joy is almost too much to comprehend. She may orgasm before Penny does, nothing beats the real thing. Mary gets up on her hands and knees. She continues staring at Penny, mom, and dad. Kim almost hit the ceiling when Mary's mom reached over and spread Kim's legs. Oh my God! Her mother is going to eat my sister. If this thing gets any wilder, we will have a full-blown orgy.
Unfortunately, we can't do that. It would be too much temptation for mom. It's one thing for a woman to take her but not another man. And I don't want Roscoe or dad screwing any of my girls. Both moms are off limits for me. If I introduce another woman into my life, Mary and Kim will undoubtedly kill me.
Mary gives me my directions, "You don't need anger, but I want hard, slapping ass, pulling hair, arching my back, hard pinching of my nipples, and slapping my tits. Start now."
Holy shit, where the hell did that come from? I pull Mary, so she is on her knees but up straight.
I wrap my arms around her body and whisper into her ear, "You will not orgasm until I give you permission."
Her hands are above her head, resting on her head. I have excellent access to her body. I start by grabbing both breasts from behind and squeezing them roughly. Mary buckles her legs and moans.
My hands are around the breasts grasping them roughly before working my fingers to the nipples where I give them light tweaks. No response, her shoulders slump. This isn't what she wants. Interesting. I pinch the nipples much harder and pull my hands away from her body, producing a cone-like effect.
Mary responds by saying, "Ah. Ah. Ah," until I release her nipples. They are hard as rocks now. I roughly push her forward and spank each ass cheek good several times, leaving a beautiful dark pink area on each cheek.
I thrust my cock deep into Mary. Instead of a scream, she gives me a "Fuck yeah!"
I start a fast fuck although nowhere near my fastest. This is just much faster than my typical long drawn out fuck fests. I want to concentrate on thrusting hard. After several hard thrusts, I grab Mary by her elbows so she can hook her arms at the elbow around my hands. This makes it more comfortable for her. It also means I can pull back which brings her hands off the floor.
She is still leaning forward, but it makes for a better visual. To me, it's not a great deal different other than my angle of penetration. That helps me some and Mary a lot. She just had an hour of straight in and out, now I am going up and down. That's a whole lot different and different is interesting. I speed up a bunch, giving her a great feeling.
Mary grunts through irregular breathing, "I need my orgasm."
I laugh at her, "No way."
Mary begs, "Please, I need it."
I snicker, "You are pathetic, you can last a lot longer."
I fuck her faster. Oh my, this feels great. I notice dad is done and mom has slowed down a lot but is still sliding in and out of Penny, and she has a look of bliss on her face. I pull back on Mary's arms, so she is nearing vertical, meaning there is a lot less stress on her arms and mine. However, I didn't do this to help her arms. I let go of her arms, and she slowly falls forward. However, I stop her progress by grabbing her hair around her ponytail. It's like a perfect handle.
I pull her back, I don't want much stress on her hair. Yes, I want her to get that feeling that floods her pussy, but I don't want to start tearing at her scalp. I pull back and down on her hair which makes her stick her chest out more which makes her breasts totally obscene now in the way the breasts are flopping around. Oh my, that is an impressive sight. Breasts wobbling and soaring before they crash.
Kim is friendly and helps her friend. Sort of. She starts slapping the breasts, so they don't flop around as much. It causes Mary to moan louder.
Mary screams out, "Brian! Please! I NEED my orgasm."
I make it look like I am thinking before I playfully reply, "Oh, let me think about it. Umm ... no!"
She then turns pathetic, with tears running down her face, "Mommy, make him ... make me cum!"
She starts whimpering like a child. Her mother is speechless. Roscoe wants to say something, but I don't think I want his opinion. I take his options away by turning up the speed to maximum overdrive. I am using less strength, but I am going much faster my top gear. Mary is repeating, "Ug," over and over.
This is just too good, with Mom, Penny, Kim, and of course Mary's antics, my toes are curling, and I can't hold back anymore. As I shoot my first gusher into Mary's unprotected womb that is at its most fertile time, I scream out, "Culmpering." Of course, I meant cumming. It just didn't come out that way. My orgasm hit as I was attempting to speak. Mary understood me perfectly. Well, that was her story. She couldn't hang on after I came, so her orgasm rocked her body.
Mary screamed loud and long before collapsing. Her eyes are open and tracking, I checked, yet there is no life in the body, she can't talk or move. It takes a while for the smile to show on her face. Mary's parents embrace her. Penny rolls over, she has had enough. Mom wants to crawl to me, but dad stops her and draws her to his body. Kim was more than happy to come to me and comfort my body until I can move again. I am exhausted.
Kim says in a soft voice, "Brian's exhausted, we're done for the night. I'd say Mary got shorted because she only got it twice but no way, I am feeling sorry for that bitch. She rode his body into the ground and spit out the bones. She got two marvelous fuck sessions and two quality loads deep into her womb."
Roscoe grabs his wife, "Thanks for a great evening, we need to get to bed ... quick."
They quickly run out of the house and to their cabin like two teenagers. The addition for them is still being built. Mom is still naked. She grabs dad and drags him up to their room. It's not long before we hear screams of pain. My parents sure are a twisted pair. They call ME the pervert. Humph.
A tired Penny and an excited Kim assist Mary and me getting up and to our bed. Tonight, all four of us are sleeping in my bed. Penny is closest to the washroom. We all slept great that night.
Chapter 29 -- Kim Seduces Me
Kim is up early and makes breakfast. It's not long, and everyone is in the kitchen watching Kim and Mary's mom make waffles, pancakes, and sausage links. We harvest and produce our own maple syrup. It's awesome stuff.
Kim looks different today. I stare at her, and she blushes when she sees me. A few buttons are open on her blouse. A ton of cleavage is showing. She has very short shorts. No shit, no bra on and I bet no panties. She is teasing me like she did dad. Both Mary and Penny give Kim long luscious kisses. At breakfast, Kim spills syrup on an open breast while eating. She looks at it as if wondering how she will clean it off.
Mom calls her name, she looks at mom, bends over, and mom reaches out a tongue and licks the syrup off her breast. Dad is on the other side and reaches for the sausage. In doing so his hand strikes Kim's breast, forcing it to wobble. As talk at the table continues, Kim quickly turns to each person talking. That of course, causes her breasts to slide back and forth under her shirt obscenely. I know what they are doing, and I love it. It's cool as fuck. I am as hard as a rock.
Roscoe very softly and with an innocent and caring look on his face, says to Kim, "I take it today is your fertile day?"
While everyone is laughing their asses off. I rush to Kim, grab her and yank her out of her seat, sending the chair flying. While in the air, I use a hand to pull her shorts down. Yup, no panties. Kim is screaming at me, "Put me DOWN!"
I ignore her and throw her up on the end of the island so everyone can see me fuck her quickly. She doesn't get hard, but she gets my maximum speed immediately. She is done talking. No moans, no words, no grunts. She is blown away by the quickness and ferocity of my actions. I plow her pussy good. She is enjoying this tremendously.
Mary is in a great mood today, she loudly says, "Hey, can someone pass a double serving of what Brian is doing?"
Her mother is laughing, and as I am shooting my cum into Kim, she says, "Sorry Mary, I think he just ran out."
I am exhausted and need to sit down. They are still giggling and having a great time making comments. Suddenly, Mary's mom is crying. What? After last night, that was tame.
Her mom speaks with a laugh in her voice, "I can't thank you all enough for inviting us to live with you. Obviously, last night was special, but it's nice just being around all of you. I've not laughed that hard in years. I love being busy, being bored was horrible. I love the floor shows in this home, they are sexy as hell. Our sex life has never been better since coming here and having all of you in our lives. Life for us is awesome right now. Thank you all."
All the women flock to her and hug her. Yup, our house sure is a lot more interesting than their old life. I hope they can keep up.
+++++
In the afternoon, right after lunch, I find Kim over by a bunch of guys talking about the construction. Well, she was talking about construction. They were all ogling her body. A breast looks like it's almost ready to fall out. What the hell is she doing? I make a beeline for the group. As I near, they speak louder, talking about a crossbeam.
Kim is doing her best to keep their interest, she is talking in a husky and breathy voice. None of these men are my size though. Not only that, they know a bit about my reputation. They do work a long hard day, most of them are beefy. I have the advantage of hand to hand combat training.
Fortunately, they know my parents own this place, and none of them want to lose a high-paying job. That doesn't stop me from showing off my alpha male gene though. I grab Kim and throw her over my shoulder and drag her over to a table with blueprints on it.
Kim looks at me, "You wouldn't dare!"
Oh, I dared. What did she expect? She purposely provoked me. I throw her up on the table and roll her over, so her legs are hanging over the edge. I pull down her shorts revealing her ass and pussy for those that looked quick. I pushed down my shorts and boxers and aligned my rock-hard cock into her bare pussy, effectively hiding it beneath my cock. The men look on in shock.
Kim's breasts are flopping around as I pound her hard from behind. The inevitable happens, a breast breaks loose and is outside of her shirt now. She is too far gone into the fucking to give a shit. She is screaming with each thrust, relishing the great fuck she is getting. They are all staring at her beautiful breast that is flopping from side to side. What a glorious sight that must be.
Way too quickly I feel my cock shooting my load deep into my unprotected sister, and I am positive about the very fertile womb. I should be three for three now. I pull out, slap her ass hard, and pull up my boxers and then pants.
I scream at the group, "GO BACK TO WORK! SHOW IS OVER!"
They all sprint to somewhere else. I pull up Kim's pants and shove her boob back into her shirt. She still has a goofy look on her face.
Kim does manage to feebly say, "Wow. I mean wow. That was something. I was scared and embarrassed. They all saw my boobs and at least my ass if not my whole pussy. I didn't intend to go that far."
I laugh at her, "You knew exactly what you were doing, what I would do, and you got exactly what you wanted. Don't give me that shit. I'm mad that I saw the trap and yet still walked into it!" I smile.
Our moment is broken due to an injury, a worker got a cut and needs Kim. She leads him over to her medical facility.
+++++
I am walking back to the house to wash up for dinner. As I walk past the medical facility, the door opens, blocking my path. An arm reaches out and drags me inside a room with the lights off and all the windows closed and the storm shutters blocking the sun. My pants are pulled down, and I feel the body in front of me turn around and push an ass into me. I check the hair on the head and the breasts, it's Kim.
Kim giggles, "That's an interesting way to say hello."
I laugh, "Just verifying it's not one of the moms. I don't trust either one of them. They are horny as hell from all the sex they have seen. I like to know where I am ... thrusting my dick." I thrust my cock into Kim and start a good hard fucking. "Right now, all my baby batter is reserved for making babies and satisfying mommies. I can't let some tramp take my precious resources."
I am fucking Kim good and hard, this won't take long.
Kim reminds me, "We will all be horny while we're pregnant. However, after childbirth, it may get a bit chilly around here for a while. You may need those old broads."
I reassure Kim, "I lasted three years with only an 80-year-old around, I can last a few months."
Kim teases me, "And what if we all tease you like I did today, and we did to dad for months."
I giggle as I say, "That's easy, I will fuck the moms raw and they will beg for more."
I shoot four good ropes up cum deep into my sister. She walks over to the house and then into the kitchen with cum dripping down her long legs and into her shoes. Everyone stares at her, and she completely ignores them.
+++++
A week later a package shows up on our barge, and it's from Ben. It's a big square crate. That's odd, I didn't ask for anything. He knows that we have everything we need and then some. What the hell did he send us? Oh, I know, I bet it's some funny t-shirts with CIA jokes on them. No, that would be a bag and smaller. I am stumped. Maybe some camping equipment, our campsite was a bit shy of tents, sleeping backs, etc. Yeah, I bet that's it.
The horses help haul the supplies up to the main camp. I get a crowbar, I am interested to see what's inside of the box. I take off the top and laying on top of a bed of straw is an envelope. It is addressed to Kim and Penny. I put the lid back on and go inside the house and call for Kim and Penny. I show them the box and hand them the envelope. Penny gives it to Kim who opens it. Three simple words, "Thank you. Enjoy."
They are as curious as I am, so they pull out the straw, and we find two boxes that have dimensions I am quite familiar with. They too know the aspects of a rifle case. They open the boxes simultaneously and inside are two carbon fiber sniper rifles. These are the best rifles on the planet right now. You can't buy these. Then I notice that there is something unusual here. These two rifles don't use the NATO cartridge. Nope. These two rifles use the same .50 caliber rounds that I use.
The stocks are different as well. Kim's has pictures of first aid and medical equipment. Penny's has a scene of horses running along the side of her rifle. They are both in tears. Neither knows exactly how special these rifles are or how much they are worth if money could buy them. Yet they have two customized barrels and stocks. I get two awesome hugs for doing nothing.
Chapter 30 -- A trip to the Gyno
It's almost three months later, and Kim has confirmed that all three are pregnant. Kim knows what to do and look for, but the Gynecologist suggests that all three of them stop by the base for an exam to verify all is well. We set up appointments for Tuesday at 1:00. A helicopter will pick us up.
On Tuesday, they have an issue with the helicopter. They want to use the bigger one as it runs slower but smoother. We are in no hurry. They push back the appointment by three hours, that's when the helicopter will be fixed. It takes a while to install the part.
This really annoys me. I can't stand to be late. I am in a surly mood and then on top off that, we leave fifteen minutes late because each of them must use the washroom again. We travel light, just my standard backpack (habit), and we each bring our rifle, other than Mary, she doesn't own one. We have been shooting when we go hunting, but I want to see what they can do on a range now.
The parents are left at the lodge, we have a business to run. I will spend time with my guys while the women get checked out. We will probably have dinner with Barry, and then I can get some time on the range with Kim and Penny. It was an excellent plan.
Remember how I said nothing ever goes according to plan? Well, it sure as hell didn't. While cruising along at a leisurely speed, the helicopter seemed to put on an airbrake. We all would have fallen out of our seats had we not had seatbelts on. Rocky was not so lucky and was thrown into my chest. Ooof! My chest is sore now. Fucking hell, what's the matter with the damn pilot. I am angry.
I switch over the headset to the pilots and yell, "What the fuck was that?"
Will apologizes, "Sorry sir, we just got a Frankenstein alert."
I am surly, "Did you just make that up? I've never heard of that before."
We are hovering in the air, not moving in any direction.
Will (the pilot) continues, "What the hell do we do? That's the code word to avoid the base, it's under attack. I have no details, sir. What do we do? There is radio silence."
I plan quick, "How far away from the base are we?"
Will replies, "We are about twenty minutes out. However, I can't go to the base, our orders are to stay away."
I smile, "Correct, but you could land nearby and drop me off. I have a weapon and can help. After you drop me, Shorty and Rocky off, you take these three back to our lodge and stay there. I will call you back when it is safe."
We start moving forward again although slower.
Penny says to me, "I am coming too, I can help. I owe these men."
I am deadly serious in my reply, "Not a chance in hell. I am not taking an inexperienced pregnant woman into combat. End of conversation. This is what I do, I'll be fine." I laugh as I say, "This type of thing happens to me all the time. Drop me behind enemy lines, I kill people, save people, and then walk out head held high. If anything happened to any of you, it would kill me. No. You can ask all you want. No."
Penny is mad, Nakita swears at me in Russian, which surprises Mary and Kim.
I reply, "It's still no." I have no clue what she said to me, I smile internally.
We touch down, I jump off, Rocky jumps off, and I motion for them to take off.
I hear part of a conversation from Penny who is Nakita again, "Grab the ammo and raincoats" and "Fuck your orders," and then "three miles and stay."
Nakita, Kim, Mary, and Shorty jump out of the aircraft, and it takes off flying back towards home. She is putting my women in danger. That is unacceptable.
It's dear sweet Mary that sets me straight, "I believe your exact words once were, 'These orders are chicken shit, this is what we are going to do ...' Did I get that right?"
Nakita continues, "To take on a base, you need lots of guns. You are not enough. Kim and I are good shots. With your experience and our skills, we will be in the woods and safe. The ponchos are camouflage, to conceal us. Lead on General sir."
She gave me a horrible salute. I am not in the mood for fun. I turn and start running at a slow jog. Oh shit, Penny is six months pregnant, we better walk fast. They run right by me. Oh, I bet they loved that. Next time it is going to be so easy to fuck them hard. I have a lot of anger to draw from now. Rocky is alert, I can tell he is looking and sniffing, just like he is supposed to. Mary has it the hardest, she is carrying a box of ammo. I should swap for the backpack.
Mary sets me in my place, "I can't shoot a weapon, my job will be keeping my head down and stocking you all with ammo. Let me do my fucking job."
How did I become the private? Nobody listens to me. Barry is obviously right, my days in the field need to end.
As we are running up, I can hear gunfire now. How did this happen? You can't attack an army and air force base. This never happens. Too much security and MP's let alone thousands of troops. How can they win? This feels wrong.
We sneak up slowly to the edge of the forest. The base is smart, they have 200 yards in all directions cleared out. I see most of the attack coming from the north. The main gate is on the south end, and I see no activity over there. We all assemble our rifles and crawl up to the top of a small hill. Nakita was smart to take the ponchos, they conceal us. Rocky and Shorty stay back in the woods. The last thing I need is them making excellent targets and giving away our positions.
I call out distances to significant landmarks, and that helps my partners with range. I have them thinning the herd that is attacking. Most of the men are running across the 200 yards. My girls have been duck-hunting, it's very similar, but humans are slower.
I look at the front gate in my scope. The men have heavy machine guns, and I see two M-50 machine guns set up on tripods looking inside of the base. They are wearing our uniforms, but they have beards. It's obvious, these aren't our men. I do head shots for effect. It's gruesome, and rather than looking for the sniper, they are freaking out because their friends are dying.
These are professionals that have seen death. It doesn't take long before the gig is up. They are looking at the trees and not the bare hilltop. They spray the forest as I mow their people down, one by one. When I run out of targets, I make a phone call.
I call Phil, the leader of my group, he answers, "Hey Phil, what's up? I hear you have a cockroach problem."
Phil is calm yet agitated, "Can I call you back, we are a bit busy right now, they are inside the base."
Oh shit, that's bad.
I tell Phil, "Well, how about you drive out here, pick my wives up, and let's go out for dinner."
Phil chuckles, "You brought your wives? Fuck." I hear a shot. "Sorry, nobody is leaving here for a while. We are locked down."
I am calm as I explain to my best man, "Try the front door. I liberated it for you. Then swing around the edges and surround them. By then our plan will be shit anyways so improvise. OH SHIT, I have to go."
I try to remain calm, "Penny and Kim. Barry's house, two buildings closer. That is the command center where Barry will be. See that group going there? Let's stop them. Headshots if you can, let's freak them out. NOW."
We didn't kill them all, but we did kill enough that the target ceased to be worthwhile. I am pretty sure the man leading them was the Major that didn't like dogs and is no longer a Major. It looks like he switched sides. Can't be sure but that could explain a lot.
I hear barking from behind us. FUCK!
Three men are walking just outside of the forest, walking towards Rocky who is barking. They look very nervous. They know I am near. While still concealed, I turn around on my stomach, Penny and Kim follow my lead. I give them a target.
Nakita starts counting down in a whisper, "."
I tell Nakita, "English please."
Nakita giggles for a moment, "Three ... Two ... One ... shoot." Only a single shot is heard. Three bodies fall.
As we turn around, a variety of vehicles and men are storming out of the base and around it. The attackers are in full retreat. We don't give away our positions. We have no idea where in the woods they are. We will sit here for a while and let it cool down. Unfortunately, an ambulance, with sirens blaring is driving straight out to us. So much for that strategy. This is one of those big red box trucks with a white cross on the side yet very modern and clean on the inside.
I am a bit surprised to see Phil driving it. He slowed down as he approaches, he doesn't know where we are. I stand up, and he stops and tells us to get in the back. I whistle for the dogs, and they come running.
I tell Phil, "I want you to drop us off at the west entrance of the command center. I don't want them seeing the mess on the east side. Then you will drop Kim off at the hospital. There you volunteer others to help you to pick up wounded. I will see you and the others later."
We hop off the truck and then enter the back door of the command center. Immediately Penny is given a chair. She is six months pregnant, it shows. Barry isn't there. Everyone is standing around looking at each other.
With a calm voice, I stand next to Barry's chair.
I point at four men, I yell, "You four. Go to Barry's house, find him. If he isn't there, cafeteria, and everywhere else he goes until you find him. I saw a group walk from east of here to this building, after his house and mess hall, check that direction next. You six, out to the front gate. We're on lockdown. Check all the badges. If in doubt, detain them."
I continue, "You four, call in all the help you can. The rest of you, organize the tracking of those mother fuckers all the way to the ocean. I don't want any of them escaping. You, yeah you. Here is my personal phone. Dial the number labeled General and tell him what happened. Me, my wife, and my two female friends are fine. You! Call someone from headquarters and report this. We need investigators, doctors, and someone from the Navy to help stop the retreat. WHERE IS INTELLIGENCE?"
A man is standing at my side, "Here sir. How may I assist?"
I am calm and use my normal voice, "Do you remember my first trip here when I sank the sub?" He nods his head yes. There was a Major that screwed up and was demoted."
The guy says, "Yeah, he was an asshole. I know exactly who you're talking about. Everyone hates him."
I smile, "Great, east of here outside the building, many people were killed. I think he was leading them, so I took him out first. See if that isn't the same guy, then start an investigation on him, get the police involved so we can search his place."
He grabs my hand, "I understand sir, I'll start the process. I'm owed a bunch of favors, today is a day to call them in. I have a hunch you're right, and a lot of this one way or another is tied to him."
I gracefully turn to Mary, "Mary dear, would you mind calling our parents. They'll probably want to know."
I look at Penny, "Penny, please try to contact our flight crew. Send them back to our lodge. I don't want anything new coming here and ruining evidence. We are closed to all flights until we get answers and know it's safe. In fact, send anyone outside of the base to our home. Mom and dad will feed them and provide a place to sleep until it's safe to come back."
I speak to both Penny and Mary, "You don't leave this building or this room without my knowledge. We don't know who the bad guys are yet, and I'm not risking your lives."
Mary made the call, and Penny took care of the pilots.
I instruct them, "I am going to be overwhelmed with questions. You two make the small decisions. If it's important, get my attention. I don't expect we'll see Barry for a very long time. We will be held up here until relieved of command. Have food brought in and make sure everyone eats."
I instruct the dogs, guard us. Both Penny and Mary look at me.
I point at two guys in uniforms with revolvers, "You two, come here. Let me see your ID's."
They show me their ID's, they are real MP's.
I give them their orders, "I saw men at the front gate in our uniforms. Check everyone on base. I want everyone in here checked, and then I want you watching the doors. Call in two people you know and take four-hour shifts."
Mary, "Call Phil back, tell him I want to see my team here at the Operations building. Warn them about fake ID's. Then get all the cashiers from the cafeteria over here. They know everyone on base by face. I want them working with security to verify everyone on base is who they say they are."
While I am explaining this, one of the MP's is taken prisoner by a man sitting in our room. The guy has a gun to his head. Rocky walks up to the man and sits down, facing him. His tongue is hanging out, and he is panting, it's freaking hot in here.
I look at Penny, "Please put a bullet between his eyes."
As expected, the guy swings his arm away from the MP. Now the MP, he is a smart guy, he uses his training and knocks the arm up, so it is pointing at the ceiling. Rocky was waiting for the gun to stop pointing at the head. As soon as it wasn't, he zeroed in on the pressure point between a man's legs. He is down for the count, and I have a very embarrassed MP on my hands.
Two reports come in, Barry has been shot in his house and left for dead. He is in bad shape but in surgery as we speak. As more is known, they will update us.
I yell out, "Ok that makes it official, Barry's out of action, nobody has clear succession, so I am taking charge. Does anyone object? OK, back to work."
Every fiber of my being wants to rush out of here and check up on and be with Barry. I knew the right thing to do was stay where I am. They need me here, and Barry is in the best hands, nothing I can do for him there.
Mary suggests, "I could sit over there for you."
I smile at her, "I would love if that were possible. He will be in surgery for hours, and Kim is there. I need both of you here. I need to think and figure out what they were doing here. I need to make sure we are all safe."
I yell out, "Ok everyone, I need updates every hour. I need to know the progress we are making. Did we get through to Montreal yet? I need some answers. Do we have a conference room?"
My Intel guy comes back, he leads me into the conference room.
I yell out, "All reports and decisions go through Penny and Mary until I come back."
The Intel guy looks alarmed that I just gave the base to two civilians. Boy, he would blow a gasket if he knew one was Nakita. That makes me smile.
Before I leave, I yell out, "Are we taking prisoners?" A man yells out, "Yes." I inquire, "Where will we put that many? Let's start building a detention area. Get some tents. We will treat them humanely."
In the conference room, Thad, my Intel guy tells me, "You were right about the old Major. He was there, and he is quite dead. This is the dead man's cell phone. The idiot doesn't even have a code on it, zero security, geeeez. All his plans are on the phone. Both Barry and you were revenge killings. He hated you with a passion. You were correct, he hated dogs. He was also a spy for the drug smugglers. He was also selling military secrets to the Russians for years."
Thad reaches for his revolver but freezes when he hears me release the safety on my gun under the table.
Thad asks, "How did you know?"
I smile at him, "Too many people know about the line, anywhere, any place, any money and for nobody in Intel to know about the third run being a trap was unbelievable. You couldn't find me because of helicopter maintenance issues delayed us almost four hours. Kim knew and has people over there looking for your people. She is safe."
Thad says, "You know I have to try, right?"
I smile as he starts reaching for his revolver, I shot him long before he drew a shot at me.
I tell Thad's dead body, "I know. Did I mention I can use a handgun as well as a rifle?" I get up and leave the body in position.
A bunch of people are rushing the room, led by Penny and Mary with looks of horror on their faces.
I announce, "Until further notice, the conference room is out of order. Someone, please tape it off, so nobody enters the room."
I grab my phone from Mary and quickly dial Phil, "There is a team at the hospital to kill Kim, Penny, and Mary. Find them."
Phil is pleased with himself, "I know, Kim told me. They've been rounded up already, we're safe over here. We were a bit surprised to see two cashiers show up, but they spotted the men immediately. You're one smart man. Kim says it's about 50/50 on Barry. When we know more, you will be the first to hear."
I sit down and start trembling, one of my best friends may die, I am distraught. Both Mary and Penny stopped their conversations and gave me a hug and a kiss. That made everything better, well, mostly better, I am still worried about Barry.
The rest of the day was spent tracking down bad guys. It wasn't until 11:00 PM that a crisis management team showed up. I only had a skeleton crew left. They come in, set up some equipment for communications and then ask for the situation. I spend two hours giving them the rundown. They are furious that I did not read the manual and follow procedures.
The Major informs me, "Sir, I am relieving you of command. For my records, who are you?"
I smile at the young man, "Son, I am Robin Hood."
He looks at me with amazement, "Well holy shit, I really get to meet you. You are famous in Montreal, everyone knows about you and your stories. Brian, there are free beds in the Hospital, take Mary and Penny with you, and make sure Kim gets some sleep. I bet you can slip in Karen again. They figured you would be asleep, and nobody wanted to bother you. By the way, Barry made it out of surgery, he will live, he should be awake in the morning."
He gave me his best salute, shook my hand, then shook Mary and Penny's hand. He sure was excited. I am tired. A Jeep is outside waiting to take us to the hospital. Kim is waiting for me with tears in her eyes. We put two hospital beds together, and all slept spooning each other under a few blankets.
What a horrible day.
+++++
We all wake up about the same time and use the washroom. Then it is off the see Barry. He looks horrible, he is weak looking and sad. Two nurses are in the room watching him full time. On seeing me, ok, on seeing Penny, Kim, and Mary, he perked up a lot and has a look of surprise on his face.
Without him asking which he can't, I explain, "We were four hours late, they didn't get us. I killed him rushing your command center. Kim and Penny each used a bunch of ammo and Mary was our eyes, ears, and ammo distributor. I am not used to shooting so much. The base is safe, we have weeded out the traitors in the wrong uniforms. We are going to get breakfast and then relieve the crisis management team, they will need sleep. We're not leaving until you are back on your feet."
I don't sugar coat the next part, "You, me, and all the top brass were targeted. I took over and organized a cleanup. Without their money guy and leader, they fell apart once they realized he was dead. A lot of your friends are dead. You should be, you're just too damn stubborn." He smiled. "We're hungry. Get some sleep, I'll leave your daughter here to watch over you. It's going to be a long day, and I need to move on. We're all fine. No holes, no blood of my own." His eyes perk up.
I explain, "Your intel guy was one of them. I am afraid I made a mess in your conference room. I will have the carpeting replaced." Barry smiles.
The nurses kick us out, he needs sleep. As we walk into the cafeteria, the entire place stands up and salutes. I look over my shoulder, and nobody is there.
Penny smirks and says, "They are saluting you, dummy, return the salute."
Shocked, I do return the salute, and they remain standing. I guess it's time for a speech.
I collect my thought and then use a clear, loud voice so all can hear me, "Yesterday a group of terrorists and drug smugglers tried to kill our base commander. They failed!" A cheer is given. "Hurrah!" I continue, "The enemy is being rounded up and will be prosecuted. If you need anything or have suggestions, please see me, Kim, Mary or Penny. Trust me, they have my ear and know how to get my attention." They all laugh.
"We will arrange a ceremony for the fallen. The base remains on lock-down until all systems and the front gate are back to normal. I am sorry, but all passes and leaves are now denied while we're on lock-down. I'm sorry, I know you deserve them. You will find me at Operations after we finish breakfast. You all have served valiantly and brilliantly. I thank you all for your professionalism and service to your country. You make me proud to be a ... soldier. Special thanks to our cashiers, you were awesome. Thank you all!"
We then walk to the line to get food. The line evaporates like the Red Sea for us. They won't charge me for the meal. When we sit at an empty table, the place sits down. That was almost embarrassing to select food while they stand at attention and cheer for us. Now it is back to normal.
Mary looks at me, "I guess word got around."
The rest of us giggle. What else can you do to a reaction like that?
Halfway through eating, a guy comes running in with Barry's cell phone, it's open, and a call is going. The frantic man thrusts the phone into my face. I am already annoyed.
I say, "Hello."
The man on the other end starts yelling at me, "You must follow procedure. Chapter eleven clearly says that forms ..."
I cut the asshole off, "Look, dude, I don't give a shit who you are. I have no idea what book you are talking about, and I certainly don't know how to fill out a form that my base was attacked, people are dead, and I have hundreds of prisoners. Barry is barely alive, and the other top brass are all dead. I am a fucking rescue sniper with a dog and have three gorgeous and pregnant women with me.
"Shut the fuck up and do something to get us more doctors, more MP's, those are Military Police by the way, and then I need more body bags. You make that happen and then I will fill out any God damn form you have. Until then, keep my lines free, so I can do some real work. Goodbye!" Then very feebly, I say, "Sir," and hang up the phone.
You could have heard a pin drop. Penny is the first to start laughing, and the entire room soon follows. I finish my breakfast without a smile, yes, I understand the joke. I just don't have any sense of humor right now, too many people have died.
Finally, even grumpy me needs to laugh. I say to the room, "That felt good."
I send Kim back to the hospital where she is needed. The whole room volunteers to be her bodyguard. I picked the oldest guy there.
I look down on the old man, "Nothing bad happens to her. I am entrusting her life into your hands. The dogs go with you. Pay attention to the dogs, they will alert you to danger. Question anyone you don't personally know. Do you understand me?"
The shaking man salutes me and says clearly and loud, "Sir, yes sir!"
Kim hooked arms with the lucky soldier, and they walk to the nearby hospital. Penny and Mary go with me back in a Jeep to the Operations building. They objected but in the end, the relief crew went to bed, and I take over again. There are a thousand decisions to make and organize. Reports are coming in by the hundreds of injuries and bad guys being taken into custody. It was fast and steady. Damn glad I had Mary and Penny there.
About 2:00 in the afternoon an alert comes in from the air traffic control tower. "Army One" and a "ton of blips" are asking permission to land but my orders say we are closed, and nobody lands.
I respond via the headset, "Sir, that plane that wants to land contains the man with the highest position in the Canadian military. That puts him about twenty levels above you and twenty-five above me. If he wants to land, you and I are not going to stop him. Find the red carpet, roll it out, and find a bunch of vehicles, so he and the people he brought with don't have to walk here from the airfield. Warn him we are not secure yet.
"I want everyone going out there already verified that they are our people. Watch for rogue vehicles. I want you five to come up with a plan to re-secure the base. Find that God damn book they keep talking about and see if there is a procedure for that. Check Barry's office, I bet you find it there."
The first three aircraft to land is all security and Intel people. They quickly take over doing security. I notice that they are all wearing the new uniforms and have a newly sewn patch. Smart, we know who the new people are.
The general is quick to exit his plane and get into an armored vehicle. I have him brought in through the west doors, I don't want him seeing blood. He overrides my orders, he wants to see the carnage.
As the general arrives, they announce him, and the entire place stands, salutes, and holds until he returns the salute. He is a medium sized man, well into his sixties, yet very energetic. The man comes directly to me, smiles, and salutes me. I return his salute.
He starts off with, "I take it you didn't realize it was me on the other end of the phone, did you."
My legs turn to jelly, I am light headed and feel sick, I turn a bright shade of red. Penny and Mary struggle to hold me up.
The General pushes me back into my chair and says, "At ease son. Penny and Mary, please continue while we chat." Now his eyes are on me. "We have been listening to this room since my phone call. I have made several inquiries including talking to your wonderful wife, Kim. I know what happened. I know what you did. I know everything that is going on."
He kneels to one knee so that he is at my level now, "You know, the stories describe you as a much larger man and they certainly undersold Mary and Penny. Nobody has ever talked to me like you have." He stops me from talking. "You were right. I had turned into a paper pusher and worried that every "I" was dotted and have not been worrying about what is important."
He smiles big now, "I took your advice. The manual doesn't cover how to secure a base. I brought enough people to take care of that. Both sets of parents are now on the way. A holding pen is being constructed, gaggles of doctors and specialist are here to assist. I have a mess tent to feed my people, the prisoners, and to give your people a rest. That was a genius move using the cashiers. I also brought tents, cots, blankets and all the support we will need including more vehicles. It will take a while, but it is coming."
He looks at Penny and Mary fielding questions and making decisions, "I like your style. You weren't equipped to deal with this, you knew it, and you adapted. The perfect soldier. I stole the command structure from a nearby base, in an hour you will be relieved of command. I dare say they can't fill your shoes, but they have training for this, and I think we need to go see Barry."
He looks around, "Where are your dogs?"
I smile, I can talk again, "Too hot in here. They are helping guard Kim."
There are two female guards with him.
He says, "Jan and Toni, find Kim, she never leaves your sight. You are responsible for her until I say different." They quickly leave the room.
A chair is brought over, he sits in it.
He says to me, "My name is Tom. I am sorry that you and your family were put in this position. Barry is an old war buddy, he means the world to me. We were too slow to respond and didn't really realize what happened. Nobody attacks a military base."
Penny interrupts me and asks Tom, "We have too many prisoners, we need help quick."
Tom looks at me, "You are in charge, I am here to check up on my friend and bring re-enforcements."
I command, "In the northeast corner are two solid walls. Have the prisoners set up tents, that will keep them busy. Put down barb wire and set up two M-50 machine guns. We need portable lighting out there. A more permanent solution is being built."
Six young officers walk in, set up a table with radios, computers, and charts.
When done, a Major Johansen comes up to me, "Sir, it is 1634, I am taking command until a permanent replacement is assigned. It is an honor to take over from you. We have been listening and asking questions. We can take it from here. Time for all of you to go see Barry."
As we are walking away, I hear one of them say to another, "I thought he would be bigger." That brought a smile to my face.
He salutes me and then announces that he is the officer on duty. All reports now go to him, and I am a free man again. I am numb, Penny grabs my hand and then Mary follows suit. A Jeep is waiting outside for us, and soon I am greeted by two dogs as we walk up to the hospital. That woke me up. Kim and her two shadows are also there to greet me. Only Kim kisses me, but I can see the desire in the face of the other two. I introduce Tom to Kim. We all go up to check up on Barry.
He is looking weak still but in much better spirits. He smiles.
Tom says with a smile, "That smile isn't for me, I know you. It's for all the beautiful women that came in with me. It's ok, I understand."
Nurse Karen comes to me for a hug, "Thanks. With all the crap going on, how did you remember that the nurses needed to be relieved?"
I blush, "It wasn't so bad. Mary and Penny took most of the questions and made decisions. That gave me time to think of the details. You think I would forget you so easily? He looks a lot better today."
Karen explains for Barry, "He thought you were dead. That was the plan, kill him, you, Penny, Kim, and Mary. It was 50% revenge and 50% to get a nuke. The terrorists didn't know you were late. Your clearing the front gate was huge, it gave us the chance to get back into control. Barry seeing you alive was a huge weight off his grieving heart. As you can see, he does look much better."
Tom commands the room now as he speaks to Barry, "Your American soldier assessed the situation very well. He liberated the front gate, then took over Operations. Him, Mary, and Penny ran Ops from yesterday until fifteen minutes ago. I called him at breakfast because he wasn't following the manual and the forms weren't being filled out. He told me to fuck myself and not bother him until some help showed up."
Tom is all smiles now, "Well, he set me straight. I know how to issue commands as well. I borrowed a command staff and fifteen hundred people to bring some relief and control back to this base. It'll be straightforward now, your boy has everything started, I just need to finish his work. He found the traitors and killed them. Unless you want a red carpet, your conference room needs remodeling, but I'll give you a budget for that."
Mom, dad, and Mary's parents all show up, and we get quick hugs and a crying session.
Barry's voice is weak, "What the hell happened to my base?"
I spent two hours detailing what I did, what I know, and what I think is right but all that will need to be verified by the police.
To be continued ...