Four-day weekends are always fun, but I rarely have the chance to take advantage of them. Fortunately, on one such weekend a few years ago, an older friend asked my girlfriend and me to join him and his wife on a camping trip. It ended up being one of the wildest weekends of my life.
My girlfriend, Andrea (Andi, for short), had a reputation of being a bit of a slut before I met her, but I soon found out the reputation was undeserved. She didn't mind watching porn tapes, but when it came to acting out some of those scenes (anal, threesomes, toys), she said she wasn't interested. She preferred giving hand to giving head, and preferred giving head to fucking. I wasn't sure if that was because her previous boyfriends didn't know how to use the equipment they were given, or if she was just uptight about getting pregnant even though she was on the pill. When it came to sex, her options for positions could be counted on one hand.
Although she lacked imagination during sex, she had a well-toned body that she managed to keep tan year-round. Andi looked a little bit like Jennifer Aniston in the face, but a little thinner in the body. She was blessed with long legs, small-but-perky tits, a beautiful ass, and a tight, attractive pussy. She could have been a runway model if she didn't have her heart set on being a veterinarian. Mine wasn't the only dick in her life. We both knew she had better looking boyfriends, but none of them bothered to get her off as well or as often. When it came to her receiving oral pleasure, though, she would find a way to let me get her off, no matter where we were. She may have been high maintenance, but I had the satisfaction of knowing I could get her off any time, anywhere.
My camping trip friends were a little different. I had just turned 18 when I first met them. At the time of this camping trip, I was a few months from my 21st birthday. They were both in their mid 30's, but maintained a very youthful lifestyle.
Ken was short, balding, a little overweight, but a nice guy and usually funny. He reminded me of Ron Jeremy but with short hair and a much shorter pecker. His wife, Sarah, was a little shorter than Ken, natural, and pleasant to be around. As far as nice people to hang out with, I don't think I could have done better at the time.
Sarah was a reasonably attractive woman. She looked a little bit like Dina Meyer with just a touch of baby fat and bigger boobs. She had strawberry-blond hair, green eyes, and freckles across her nose and cheeks. Motherhood had been good to her, and she retained her full, round tits. Her waist was small, but widened to shapely hips, a beautiful ass and well-shaped legs. I teased her about how small her feet were, but I think she knew I thought they were pretty.
She was shorter and had more curves than Andi, but I thought she was still cute for her age. She wasn't a New York model, but she had what it took to turn heads in a good way. Sarah had had two kids (staying with their grandparents on this particular weekend), but her body bounced right back into shape. She worked out regularly, and rewarded herself (and the rest of us) by buying the skimpiest bikinis to wear while sunbathing. These were the days before Malibu Strings, but what she wore came pretty close. I asked Andi to buy similar "bathing suits" as all she had ever worn in the past were the standard bikinis. Sarah jokingly told me she'd see if she could help Andi (and me) out in that area. Their lot on the campground was very secluded, surrounded by trees, and only a quarter-mile from the lake where they kept their boat docked. It was still early in the season, and there were no other campers in our area. It wasn't unusual for Andi and Sarah to take their bikini tops off while tanning their back sides, but Sarah somehow managed to take it all off for that "all over tan" when she thought nobody else was around. Andi preferred the creamy white triangles of her tits, pussy, and above the crack of her ass.
A normal weekend in the summer would have us take Ken's boat out on the lake, water ski, and have a nightly campfire. At the end of the evening, my girlfriend-at-the-time and I would go back to our tent for some quiet outdoor sex, and an envious Sarah and Ken would go back to their camper with their kids. Ken would sometimes kid me the next morning, saying he could beat off 2 or 3 times for every orgasm I either had or gave to my girlfriend-at-the-time. If she were willing, I'd sometimes stand and have my girlfriend-at-the-time blow me just outside the tent, knowing Ken was probably watching. What I didn't know was that sometimes Sarah was watching, too.
Andi and I left Thursday afternoon and arrived at the campground just before sunset. Ken had already set up the campfire, and Sarah seemed to be enjoying the peace and quiet without the kids as we pulled up. After the usual hugs and handshakes, Sarah and Andi quickly unpacked the car while I worked on setting up the tent. Something was a little different about Sarah, though. I don't know if it was the fact that her hair was a little longer, she looked a little thinner, or if she was wearing her clothing in a more revealing manner, but something about her kept catching my eye.
The girls went in the camper to start preparing a late dinner. Ken handed me a beer and directed me to the campfire. When he thought we were far enough away from the camper, Ken decided it was time to get something off his chest. We've had personal conversations before, but it was usually me doing most of the talking, especially after a few beers. Ken knew about almost every girl I had ever been with; every position, good lays and bad. I figured I was in for a shock when it was going to be him doing most of the talking, and I was right.
He told me his sex life was lacking, recently, and felt like he couldn't make Sarah happy anymore. I asked him if he talked to her about it, and he said she could only get off if she fantasized about someone else. I told him that was OK, and that he shouldn't let that bother him. As long as they were still having sex, he should be happy and let things take their course.
Then he said that a few weeks ago he overheard Andi telling his wife about how well I could get her off, and how since then, Sarah moaned my name more than once in her sleep. I could feel my cock throb just at the thought of his wife dreaming about me. It was a strange feeling. At first I thought he was jealous, suspecting that I had been screwing his wife behind his back. (I hadn't). I was surprised to hear that Andi had even had a conversation about sex with Sarah. Maybe she still had a naughty side, after all. I felt a little awkward, but I told him to go on. The more Ken talked, the more I realized that this weekend was all part of his desperate plan to show his wife a good time. He wanted me to sleep with his wife! Maybe Andi, too! I listened as he went into detail of everything he fantasized about – thinking it was the same that Sarah fantasized about. He didn't want me and/or Andi to fuck her just once, either.
In his mind, he felt that the only way for Sarah and him to be happy again was to have someone else join them. I had told Ken about many of my sexual adventures, and now he wanted Sarah to have the same experiences. Thinking he was probably just a little drunk, I told him we had all weekend and I'd like to sleep on it. We were good friends, and I didn't want to ruin anything between Ken and Sarah. Andi was just a girlfriend that would eventually be replaced, but Sarah was his wife.
The girls came out with the food, as if on cue. We grilled some freshly caught Amber Jack, had a few more beers, and talked about the following day's options. All night, I found myself undressing Sarah with my eyes. We decided the weather looked good for taking the boat out for some early morning water skiing. We'd probably drop the girls off at the secluded campground to relax and enjoy the sun the rest of the afternoon. We'd then go around the lake to check out the other sunbathers, stop at the marina for more beer or food, and then head back to the campground. Sounded like a good plan.
It had been a long day, followed by an interesting evening, and it was time to turn in. The water hook-up to the camper provided a never-ending supply of water. Unfortunately, it would be a few hours before it was warm enough for a shower. Ken and Sarah said they didn't mind the cold shower, but Andi and I agreed we would have to wait a few hours, or even until morning. We waived goodnight to Ken and Sarah as they closed the door to the camper.
As soon as we got in our tent, Andi took off her clothes and pushed my face onto her pussy. Something had gotten her hot earlier, and she apparently needed relief. She had trimmed her pubic hair as short as it could be, and at first glance, her pussy looked practically shaved. It didn't look like that the last time I fucked her, so this must have been something special for the weekend. As I licked her to orgasm, I worked three fingers into her pussy, paying close attention to her G-spot. I was working on giving her another orgasm when she pulled my fingers out of her pussy and guided one of my fingers to her asshole. Our eyes were locked onto each other as I slid two fingers back in her pussy and the third carefully into her ass. She knew that I always wanted to try ass-play with her, but this was the first time she actually let me put anything in her ass besides my tongue. I barely slid the first joint of my finger past her sphincter when she let out a yelp signaling another wave of orgasm. She slapped my dripping wet hand away from her crotch and rolled me onto my back. I still had most of my clothes on, but I'm sure she could feel the bulge in my shorts as she ground her ass onto my crotch. She leaned over and kissed me as deeply as I could be kissed. For a while I wasn't sure if this was the end of the evening's events or just the beginning.
She pulled off my shorts and began what I thought was going to be the usual tug-job. She could see my disappointment, and quickly turned to inhale my growing cock. Her blowjobs in the past were rarely subtle, but she never sucked with as much enthusiasm as she was demonstrating now. I could feel her nose touching my balls as she deep-throated my cock for the first time. Obviously, she had been holding back. I tapped her on the shoulder to let her know I was about to cum (as she had asked me to do so many times before), but this time she ignored the tap and kept on sucking until my balls tightened up and I shot off in her mouth.
I expected her to spit, complain, and spit again, but was surprised to feel her swallow my cum and begin coaxing another erection. Within seconds, she turned around, impaling her beautiful pussy with my cock. She leaned over to kiss me as her ass bounced up and down behind her. The taste of my cum was still fresh on her lips. She was on the pill, so I wasn't completely concerned about coming inside her. Apparently, she wasn't either - which was also a first. It was only a matter of about five minutes before I realized I was ready to cum again, which was probably a good thing with all the noise Andi had been making. I expected her to hop off of me at the first sign of my orgasm, but instead she ground her pubic bone harder against mine, flattening her swollen clit against me. Within seconds of feeling the warm gush of cum inside her, her pussy tightened around my shaft, loosened for a second, and then tightened again. I could feel my cum drip from her pussy down to my balls and ass.
We remained motionless for a few minutes, and then, in her formerly typical prudish fashion, she hopped off, got dressed, and ran into the camper for a quick shower, cold water or not. About fifteen minutes later, she was back in the tent wearing pajamas, and kissing me goodnight. She was asleep within seconds of her head touching the pillow.
I put a towel around my waist and threw on a T-shirt. As I walked out of the tent, I could see Ken sitting by what was left of the campfire. He told me to have a seat, and handed me a beer.
"I thought you went to bed." I asked.
"I did, but Sarah woke up while Andi was getting her rocks off for the third time, " Ken answered with a grin. "She started fingering her pussy so fast and so hard that by the time I realized what was happening, she was finished. She was nice enough to give me a hand job before falling asleep, though."
"Well, that's good, right?" I asked.
He shrugged his shoulders. He looked desperate. Ken knew that Sarah was hard-up, and he felt horrible that he couldn't rock her world as well as he did years ago. I figured it was just a phase they were going through, but it was affecting Ken's enjoyment, too. He almost felt guilty about Sarah not being satisfied by his efforts. Ken pushed his idea again.
"You should fuck her tonight, " he said. "Fuck her face. Fuck her cunt. Hell, fuck her feet. I know you like them. She knows you like them."
"And where are you going to be?" I asked.
"I'll wait right here, if you want. When you're done, take a shower and I'll know it's safe to go inside. I don't care. Just get in there!" he said.
"What about Andi? What if she wakes up?" I asked.
"Fuck her, too. Or I'll fuck her... I don't care. She'll probably sleep right through it after your fuck-session earlier, " he answered.
My cock was almost erect and no longer concealed by the towel around my waist. Ken couldn't help but stare, and I thought he was a little concerned about me stretching out his wife's pussy. Little did I know? The thought of Ken offering his wife made my cock swell even larger. I couldn't hide it anymore.
I had no idea how this would work. I didn't even know if Sarah would go for it. What if she didn't? How would we act the rest of the weekend? What would I say to Andi if she found out? Did Ken want to fuck Andi? That would be interesting. Ken wasn't well endowed in length, but he had most guys beat in girth – including me. The thought of young Andi being fucked silly by a short fat guy with a short fat cock amused me enough to make my cock spring up.
I threw the towel over my shoulder, exposing my erect cock and shaved balls. Ken gave me a big grin and subconsciously put his hand down the front of his shorts. I walked toward the camper wearing nothing but a T-shirt, flip-flops, and a worried smile. I carefully opened the door so it wouldn't make any noise. The lights were all out except for the bathroom/shower light. This was an older camper, but it was huge. It had a master bedroom on one end, and two bunk beds on the other. In the middle, there was a kitchen/eating area and a small bathroom that housed a commode and shower. Ken had made a few modifications to the camper, and I was impressed every time I stepped into it.
Sarah was asleep in the master bedroom. I decided to take a quick shower to wash the cum off my balls and ass crack and calm myself down. I hoped Ken would understand that this wasn't the "after I fucked Sarah" shower, and would stay outside. I didn't waste any time, and still had half an erection as I toweled myself dry.
I came out of the little bathroom and turned out the light. I quietly stepped into the master bedroom and found Sarah asleep on her stomach, naked, and with one armed tucked under her. Her hand was between her legs and it looked like she had been fingering herself in her sleep.
I carefully got into bed with her, and slowly slid into position beside her. I put my hand on her leg and gently ran my fingers up and down, giving her goose bumps on her ass. At first she thought I was her husband and just moved over, but when she felt my pre-cum covered cock pressing against her, she was startled. Ken had a short, fat cock that curved up sharply making it look shorter than it probably really was. (I made that discovery when his shorts came off while waterskiing with a hard-on.) My cock was seven inches in length, thick as a cucumber, and stood straight out when erect. This definitely wasn't her husband's dick.
She asked me what I thought I was doing and drew the sheets up around her as she rolled on her back away from me. I thought I had ruined everything.
"Do you want me to leave?" I asked. I knelt on the bed, making my cock bounce in front of me. She couldn't take her eyes off it.
"I don't know what I want, " she said. There was a long, uncomfortable pause. "But now that you're here, and you've crossed the line, I definitely don't want you to leave."
She asked if Ken had put me up to this, and I said that Ken just wanted her to be happy; that he thought this might help. She asked what I thought would happen when she told Andi that I fucked the shit out of her all night. I knew she was playing with me and told her she wouldn't tell Andi anything with my cock in her mouth.
Sarah thought about it for a minute, and let the sheets fall off her naturally large tits. My eyes were finally able to see in the darkness, and the moon was shining just enough to give me a great view of her incredible body. I leaned over to lightly kiss her, but she grabbed my face with both hands and kissed me hard on the mouth. Our tongues wound around each other like we were high school lovers. She reached down and grabbed the shaft of my cock while continuing to kiss my face, neck, and ears. She pushed me back and kissed my chest, stomach, and legs. When she got to my feet, she put one toe at a time in her mouth and sucked and swirled her tongue around them. Then she pulled me onto my stomach and began kissing the back of my legs. She worked up my legs to my back, intentionally passing my ass, and then kissed me around my neck again. She lay on my back and worked her body between my legs, spreading them as she slid down my back with kisses along my spine.
When she got to the crack of my ass, she spread my cheeks and began licking my crack lightly. I could feel her saliva dripping from her mouth as she began to concentrate on my asshole. She spread my cheeks further and pulled my ass up into the air as her tongue found my sphincter again and again.
"Now, it's my turn" she said.
I was seconds away from an incredible orgasm, but did as she asked. I kissed every inch of her body, in the exact order that she kissed mine, ending with her asshole. Her ass came up and her fingers found her clit while I tongued her anus. Within seconds, she was shuddering. She collapsed on her stomach, and then turned to give me a kiss goodnight.
"I'm not finished with you, yet, Sarah." I said. "Unless you really want to call it a night?" I asked.
"What else do you want to do? Aren't you exhausted?" she asked, almost whimpering.
"I know you've been talking to Andi, so you know I can fuck again and again." I said, kneeling again with my bouncing cock inches from her face. "A friend asked me to fuck the shit out of his wife tonight, and that's what I'm going to do." Sarah looked like a girl on her birthday with a dozen presents left to open. She wasn't sure where to begin. I helped her decide by holding the back of her head and gently pushing my cock in her mouth. She hadn't had to deal with a cock this long since her college days, and was a little out of practice. I let her gag a few times, then decided to give her a break and French-kissed her for a few minutes. While we kissed, I moved between her legs and pushed them back so her feet were near her face. She guided my cock to her pussy and I easily slid inside her. I kissed her feet as she pulled me closer to her. Within minutes, she was clawing my thighs and muttering my name under her breath.
I pulled out of her pussy, got on top of her, and slid my cock between her tits. I knew I was only going to last a few more seconds, so I decided to give her tits a little attention before I came. As I moved forward, I pinned her arms down and held her head back as I shot my full load in her mouth. Neither of us expected the amount of cum that I produced, but she winced and swallowed every drop like a college girl doing her first shot of tequila.
I carefully moved back down her body, kissing her forehead, nose, cheeks, and cum-covered lips. She ran her fingers through my hair as I kissed and sucked her nipples. I kissed her belly and worked my way down to her hairless pussy. I wasn't sure when she started doing that, but there were no bumps or razor burn.
Just as I did to Andi earlier, I slid two fingers in Sarah's pussy, and one up her asshole while I tongued her clit. Sarah's belly moved up and down rapidly as she tried to contain her second orgasm. I removed my fingers and lifted her legs again, pulling her so her ass was off the edge of the bed. I pushed her legs back and gave her pussy a few deep thrusts with my cock, then pulled out and accidentally placed the head of my dick on her anus.
"Not yet!" she said. "I want you to cum in my pussy, first. Then you can do whatever you want." It dawned on me that she thought I wanted to fuck her up the ass. The desire was there, but I really didn't think it was an option, especially since I had never done that before.
I backed up and put her feet together, and let her knees fall to the sides. She must have known what I wanted to do, because she held her feet in such a way that they formed a pussy shape. I slid my cock between her feet and she proceeded to jerk me off with those pretty little feet. I let her jerk me off for a few minutes before I pushed her legs back and pushed my cock deep into her pussy. I pulled her hips down hard as my cock pushed against her cervix. She locked her legs behind my back and pulled me in tighter as I came inside her.
She held me in place with her legs behind my back for at least a minute, and then asked if I was finished.
"What was different about you today?" I asked her.
"I wasn't wearing any underwear, if that's what you mean, " she answered. "I waxed my pussy, too, so I would tan better down there. It's been feeling so good that I'm thinking about getting my clit and nipples pierced, next."
"Do you want me to leave?" I asked.
"Not if you have more to do. Do you have more to do to me? Your cock felt really good inside me. I could use more of the same, if you feel up to it'" she said, spreading her legs wide.
My cock was bouncing in front of me again. "More of the same... and then some, " I said, and pulled her ass further off the edge of the bed and placed her ankles on my shoulders.
Cum squished out of her pussy and down her ass as I worked my cock inside her again. I came inside her pussy two more times before turning her over and tonguing her asshole again. She had her arms stretched out in front of her with her face and tits on the bed. Her knees were about two feet apart and her back was arched so her asshole was open and exposed. I tongued her anus for several minutes, allowing my saliva to fill her asshole. I had fantasized about doing a girl up the butt since seeing my first anal-sex video, but thought it was only something porn stars did. I had the feeling Sarah was going to let me do whatever I wanted, so I decided to go for it.
I backed up and admired the sight of her beautiful, full, round ass, and realized I would never look at it the same after tonight. In fact, it would be hard to conceal the erection I was likely to get every time she bent over.
I no sooner pushed the head of my cock against her sphincter than she pushed back against me. She pushed back farther and farther until at least four inches were buried in her asshole.
"Do you really like my ass?" she asked as she looked over her shoulder. "It's not as nice as Andi's."
"I love your ass, " I answered. Sarah's ass was even better than Andi's. Sarah might have been older, and curvier than Andi, but she didn't have an inch of cellulite on her firm body. And even though Sarah's pussy might have been a little looser than Andi's, her asshole was tight, yet accommodating.
"Then fill my ass the way you filled my pussy, " she whispered. I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her toward me. I spit a few more times on my cock as it slid in and out of her asshole. The sight of her beautiful legs and feet to my left and right was almost as arousing as the sight of my cock sliding in and out of her ass. I came within a few minutes, and for the first time, I felt like I was going to collapse.
She pulled forward, allowing my cock to pop out of her ass, and then stood next to me. She reached up and pulled my head down to her and French-kissed me again. Within seconds, my cock was bouncing in front of me, poking her in the stomach. She had me sit on the bed with my legs off the side. Then she backed up against me, lifting one leg as she guided the head of my cock toward her asshole. I watched her anus dilate and some cum dripped on my leg.
"Do it again, " she said as she lowered herself onto my throbbing dick.
My cock slid inside her a little easier this time, and she sat completely on my dick. I moved back a little farther on the bed, and she stayed with me, putting her feet on the bed as well. She then raised and lowered her ass on my cock, over and over, each time, forcing out a little cum from her bowels. I reached around to her front and grabbed her tits and squeezed her nipples as I came in her ass for a second time.
"Again?" I asked.
"I have a guy almost half my age with a dick up my ass ready to cum inside my mouth, pussy and ass AND make me cum a half dozen times in one night! I've needed to be fucked like this for over 15 years. Yes... again!" she answered loudly.
She lifted her ass off of my stomach, and moved next to me, with her legs hanging off the edge of the bed. "Kiss my feet while you fuck me up the ass, " she said. "I know you're in love with my feet. They are kinda pretty, aren't they?"
I stood at the edge of the bed and lifted her feet to my face. As I moved closer, she reached down with both hands and spread her ass cheeks. I slid my cock into her ass and began to lightly kiss her feet and toes.
"Kiss my feet like you're worshiping them, " she demanded. "Suck my toes."
My cock slid deeper and easier into her asshole, and I quickened my thrusts. She began to gasp. I thought I was hurting her, and slowed my thrusts.
"Don't stop! Don't stop fucking my ass, damn it!" she cried. "I'm coming, damn it! You're making me come! Oh fuck!" she yelled.
If that didn't wake Andi up, it would be a miracle.
It was sensory overload. I hoped she was close because I couldn't hold out any longer. I came so hard, cum squished out of her asshole and onto my balls. She kept pulling me toward her as I was coming, then pulled me on top of her and kissed me all over my face. We hugged for a few minutes with her legs around me and my cock still buried deep in her ass.
"Enough?" I asked.
"Yeah, enough, " she said. "That was fucking incredible. I won't be able to walk the rest of the weekend."
"Shower?" I asked.
She smiled and kissed me. "I think we might be able to squeeze in there together."
We got up and assessed the bedroom before tiptoeing to the bathroom. We made a mess of the bed. Luckily, they had several sets of sheets, and we managed to change the linen before taking a shower.
Once we were in the tight shower, Sarah washed me thoroughly, then dropped to her knees and began sucking my tired cock again. I tried to pull her up to me, but she insisted on giving me another blowjob. "I love your cock and ass about as much as you love my ass and feet. Believe me: I enjoyed this just as much as you did, " she giggled. "I love your tits, too, " I added.
She didn't seem to pay attention, as she was busy practicing her deep throat technique on me. She let my cock plop out of her mouth momentarily and let it hit her in the face as she licked my shaved balls. Her hands were all over my legs and ass, occasionally caressing my hairless sack. I kept my pubic hair trimmed above my cock, but I hadn't shaved there - yet. Sarah was very talented and I had a feeling that Ken never knew.
"Does Andi suck your cock this good?" she asked. Bad grammar aside, I didn't know how to answer. "Maybe I should show her?" she added with a grin.
I was getting tired, and Sarah needed to go to bed so Ken could go to bed. The next day, Andi would be wondering why the rest of us were so tired. I grabbed Sarah's head and shoved my cock down her throat, held it there, then pulled it out to let her catch her breath. She looked up at me, surprised and a little shocked. I held her head firmly and shoved my cock down her throat again, this time making her gag. I held her head close to my pubic area with my cock down her throat, and then pulled out again. I thought I pissed her off at first, but then I realized I must have turned her on.
Not to be outdone, she forced more of my cock down her throat and slid a finger up my ass. She pulled me down at my waist, forcing my legs to bend at the knee slightly. She pulled her head back and then leaned in to swallow my cock again. She did that about five more times while sliding her finger in and out of my ass. Finally, she held the head of my dick in her mouth and sucked as hard as she could until it started to hurt. She was working her finger in my butt like a jackhammer. I came hard and felt my knees buckle. Sarah jammed her finger up my ass further, thinking I was trying to get more of her finger inside me. I came again, and cum dripped from her lips as I filled her mouth with another spurt. She pulled my cock from her mouth long enough to swallow, and then put it back in her mouth as if she wanted to make sure she got the last drop.
I reached under her jaw and squeezed her mouth open so I could pull my dick out, then pulled her up to me. I pulled her up so I could kiss her and she crossed her legs behind my back. She kissed me all over my face and neck, then hugged me for awhile while the water temperature started to drop. She felt good in my arms, and her ass cheeks felt good on top of my growing cock. I would have fucked her again if I thought Ken wouldn't mind, but decided we had done enough for one night (and morning). Sarah put her head on my shoulder a little longer and I could feel her freckled cheeks tighten as she smiled.
When the water was too cold for either of us to handle any longer, we decided it was time to get out and get dressed. I grabbed a new towel, and threw on a T-shirt. I opened the camper door slowly to see if Andi was awake, but the tent was dark. I stepped out and walked as quietly as someone could while wearing flip-flops. Ken stepped out from the shadow of the front of the camper. He looked exhausted.
"Well?" he asked.
"Wow, " was all I could answer.
Ken smiled and told me he'd see me in the morning. I turned and continued toward my tent. Andi appeared to be asleep, so I quietly slid next to her. She stirred, then sat up and looked at her watch.
"3 AM?" she asked. "Where have you been?"
I told her that Ken and I started talking on my way to the shower, and before we knew it, it was late. She seemed to accept that answer and put her head back down and fell back asleep. I put my arms around her, kissed her neck, and thought about the last four hours until I, too, fell asleep.
The next morning, I woke up to find Andi making breakfast on our little Coleman grill. Her faded denim cut-offs barely covered her bikini bottom, and her bikini top was the skimpiest I've ever seen her wear and was clearly visible under her thin white T-shirt. She wore a small headband to keep her shoulder-length hair out of her face, which today, had a glow even without make-up.
There was no sign of Sarah or Ken, so I asked where they might be. Andi said that Ken went to gas up the boat and that Sarah was sleeping in. I decided to check on Sarah. After giving Andi a peck on the cheek and a squeeze of her ass, I headed to the camper to wake up Sarah.
"Get up if you want some breakfast, " I called out.
"No thanks, " she answered, "I'm already full from last night." She said that when Ken came in last night, he was so turned on by what he had seen, she felt obligated to blow him several times until he went to sleep. He really wanted to fuck her, but her pussy and asshole were too sore even for his short (yet fat) dick.
I told her to get dressed anyway, and come outside and enjoy the sunshine.
"Don't worry about that, " she said. "I have to work on keeping this pussy tan. I might even persuade Andi to get some sun in those hard-to-reach places for once."
"That'll be the day, " I grinned, and then walked back to the tent.
Sarah took her time, but eventually joined us for orange juice and a cereal bar. I thought she must have still been on a diet, so I decided to not kid her about it. Andi and I had a full breakfast, and were in the process of cleaning up when Ken finally showed up. He grabbed some juice and a cereal bar and gave Sarah a big hug and kiss.
"It looks like we're the only ones here until tonight, " Ken said. "Even then, I don't think there'll be that many people on the lake this weekend. It looks like a storm is headed this way tomorrow."
"Well that sucks!" Andi complained.
"We'll just make the most of the good weather while it's here. It's not the end of the world, you know, " Sarah said with a grin.
With that, we headed to the boat. The lake was calm and quiet. We were apparently the first ones out that day, so we decided to run the boat quietly.
Both Sarah and Andi looked incredibly pretty in the morning sun. The morning air was cool and Andi's nipples were poking through her bathing suit top and T-shirt as if she wasn't wearing anything. Ken had noticed this too, and it didn't take long for his cock to react.
"You girls are too hot for me this morning! I'd better cool off before I embarrass myself!" Ken joked as he jumped into the water.
I stopped near a floating dock and tied off the boat. Sarah and Andi stepped off the boat onto the dock and started to undress. Shorts and T-shirts were thrown back into the boat, and towels laid out on the floating dock.
After taking a quick look around, Sarah untied her bathing suit top and threw that into the boat also. After a brief moment of hesitation, Andi looked at me looking at Sarah, and decided to do the same. Sarah, knowing exactly how this was going to turn out, then stood up and hooked a thumb in each side of her skimpy bikini bottoms.
"Objections?" Sarah looked around and asked.
"Not from me!" Ken said with a smile, treading water along side the boat.
"Me either!" I said. Andi was obviously a little shocked.
"This is a little uncomfortable, " Andi whispered. I held Andi in my arms and gave her a warm kiss, telling her we were all friends and that Sarah was just messing around. Andi reached down the front of my shorts and ran her fingers over the head of my pre-cum covered cock. "Is that for me or for her?" Andi asked. I reached down the front of Andi's bikini bottom and ran my fingers between her drenched pussy lips. "I could ask you the same thing, " I whispered. I knew that once Andi's pussy got wet, she would do almost anything to get off. I had a feeling Sarah knew this, too.
Ken was swimming around to the back of the boat where he could climb the ladder and get a better view of Sarah and Andi. Andi still had her hand down the front of my shorts and I had my hand down the front of her bikini bottoms. Sarah, completely naked except for her sunglasses and a smile, propped herself up on her elbows to see what was going to happen next.
"Well, since we're all friends and Sarah is just messing around, they won't mind if we put on a show, too, will they?" With that, Andi dropped to her knees and pulled down my shorts to my ankles. My cock sprang out and hit her in the cheek and nose. Within seconds, Andi was giving her best efforts at deep-throating my cock. I wasn't sure if she was turned on, angry, or both, but her head was bobbing on my cock like nothing I had ever seen.
Ken applauded with whistles and clapping his hands while Sarah just looked at me and smiled. Andi was fingering her pussy while she gave me one of the best blowjobs of my life. Ken hopped onto the floating dock and dropped his shorts. He looked to Sarah with hope in his eyes, but Sarah just put her arms behind her head and laid back down. Ken directed his attention to Andi and me and began jerking off in front of us.
I came sooner than I expected and Andi, for the second time ever, swallowed everything. She looked at Ken jerking off and got up off her knees.
"No need for that, Ken" Andi said as she walked over to Ken. Sarah sat back up to see what was going on. Andi got on her knees in front of Ken and looked at Sarah and me.
"Objections? We're all friends, after all, right?" Andi said with a cum-covered smile.
"If it makes you happy, go for it" I answered. Andi looked at Sarah, almost as if she hoped she would stop her, but Sarah just smiled at her. Ken looked at me to make sure I was okay with it, and I just nodded to him.
Andi looked pissed. When she put his short dick in her mouth, Ken winced as she let her teeth come down a little harder than expected. Within a minute, though, she changed her attitude as Ken's dick got wider and wider. Andi was trying to deep-throat Ken the same way she deep-throated me, but his dick curved up so sharply, she kept gagging.
Ken pulled away from her and suggested they try a different position. Andi, somewhat frustrated, agreed. When she saw Ken lay on his back, she stood up and stepped out of her bikini bottoms. She lay on top of him, never looking up at Sarah or me. In a perfect "69", Andi was able to get more of Ken's cock down her throat, and Ken was able to lick Andi's beautifully trimmed pussy. I had a perfect view of Andi's ass, and it was a great sight. Tan lines definitely worked for Andi.
In the heat of the moment, Andi orgasmed, letting out a little pussy fart in Ken's face. Ken chuckled, embarrassing Andi. She hopped off of Ken and grabbed her bikini bottom, then hopped in the boat and put the rest of her clothes on. Ken, left high and dry again, shook his head, got up, pulled on his shorts and jumped back in the water.
"Guess that leaves you and me, huh?" Sarah asked me.
Before I could answer, I noticed another boat approaching.
As the stranger's boat approached, I realized my shorts were still around my ankles and my hard-on had not gone away. I quickly pulled up my shorts and hopped in the boat beside Andi. Ken swam around to the back of his boat and climbed the ladder. Sarah, completely nude, wrapped a towel around her, and carefully stepped into the boat and sat across from me with her back to the strangers. She lifted one leg, letting the towel separate from around her waist and exposing her perfectly hairless pussy. Andi looked at her in disgust.
"What!? I need to make the most of the sun this morning. Don't be afraid, Andi. It won't bite. In fact, if you pet mine, I'll pet yours. What d'ya say?" Sarah asked jokingly.
Andi looked away and pouted. Her nipples wanted to poke through her bikini top and T-shirt again. The little sun she had already absorbed made her legs look incredible. Her whole body was a thing of beauty and the memory of Ken's short but fat cock filling her mouth made my cock start to swell. I imagined Ken's fat cock filling Andi's pussy, and her moaning from never having had anything that wide inside her. I could see how Ken could get off listening to me fuck his wife all night. I was starting to think Ken might be on to something. It was probably just a phase, but I really wanted to see Andi get fucked by Ken. Maybe we would both end up fucking her at the same time. I caught myself reaching for my cock as I heard the sound of a coiled rope landing on the floating dock.
The other boat pulled up to the floating dock and an older gentleman stepped out. His female companion, tanned almost to the point of being leathery, stepped up from below waiving a jewelry-covered arm and hand.
"Leaving so soon? We just got here." The man called to us. "You should stay out as long as you can. There's a storm headed this way that looks like it'll make the rest of the weekend pretty wet."
Andi knew all about being pretty wet, but she wasn't in a very good mood at the moment.
"I think my girlfriend is feeling a little sick, so we're going to head back to shore, " I answered.
"Maybe it was something she ate?" the woman said with a grin.
"Maybe, " I smiled back, realizing the woman was staring at the bulge in my shorts. Had they been watching us all morning? What was she, 54? 55? As she stepped onto the dock, it was apparent that this woman still worked out and maintained the body of a 30 year old. Good for her – and for him. I determined that – given the chance – even I would be willing to fuck her.
Ken started up the boat and we all waved goodbye as we headed back to the marina where Ken kept his boat. Ken barely had enough time to secure the boat when the sky started to get dark.
"Looks like this might be a good one. You guys might want to pack up your tent and stay in the camper tonight, " Ken said without any hidden agenda.
Andi didn't answer. Ken felt bad for Andi and I could tell he wanted to give her a hug in a friendly way, but figured it was too soon to do anything physical with her.
By the time we made it back to the campground, the rain was coming down hard. Thanks to Andi leaving our tent flap unzipped, all of the clothes inside were soaked. I rolled up the tent and it's contents, grabbed Andi, and ran to the camper.
Andi and I were both soaked. Ken had just finished a quick shower when we stepped in, and was in the process of finding a dry pair of shorts. Sarah handed him a towel and told him to save the shorts for later.
"We have plenty of towels, Ken, but as usual, you forgot to pack plenty of shorts." Sarah half-heartedly complained. Sarah looked at Andi and me, "You two should take a shower and get out of those wet clothes." There was a moment of hesitation. "What's the big deal? We've seen each other naked, now, so just go take a shower."
Andi looked at me with puppy-dog eyes and I told her she could go first. Within a few minutes of her jumping in the shower, though, I decided to try to smooth things over.
Andi jumped when I got into the small shower with her. I gave her a hug and kiss, then held her close. I wasn't sure what to say and was relieved when she decided to speak first.
"Are you mad at me?" Andi asked. I shook my head "no". "Are you disappointed in me?" Andi asked. I shook my head "no" again.
"Are we okay?" I asked her. She nodded "yes" and kissed me some more. We kissed for a few more minutes and then decided to actually try to clean each other up. I soaped her back, her ass, and her legs and within minutes had a full erection. Before I could do anything with it, she turned me around and soaped my back, ass, and legs. As she was working her way back up to my shoulders, she paused momentarily, and then continued washing me.
We rinsed off and called for Sarah to bring us two more towels. Sarah gave Andi a short terry cloth bathrobe that barely covered her ass, and gave me a towel that barely reached around my waist. Velcro held the towel in place, but I could tell I wouldn't be able to conceal my erection.
Sarah dropped the towel she had been wearing since coming back from the boat ride and stepped into the shower. Ken turned on the portable television. Ken had done a great job of stocking the coolers with beer and food, so there was no chance we were going to starve. He offered Andi and me a beer, which I accepted for both of us. Andi was slipping into a weird mood again, and I couldn't figure out why. I thought we smoothed things out while we were in the shower. The local news was giving a weather update: A steady line of thunder storms for the next 12 to 24 hours.
"That's fucking great!" Andi whined.
"I couldn't have said it better myself, " Sarah replied, stepping out of the shower. Her hair was up in a ponytail, and she opted to not cover herself. Andi looked at Sarah's full breasts almost envious. Occasionally, I could see Andi stretching her neck just a little to get a glimpse of Sarah's hairless pussy.
Sarah pretended to be looking for this or that, or reaching for something, bending over each time to give us an incredible view of her ass. Sarah was having fun again, but Andi tried to appear as if she wasn't amused.
My cock slid out from under the skimpy towel. I slid the towel around my waist so my bare ass was exposed, but my cock was somewhat covered.
Sarah looked at me and said, "Don't bother covering it up. Last I checked, Andi sucked Ken's dick in front of everybody. I think I owe you a blowjob, don't I?" Sarah asked. Ken already had opened his towel and was stroking his fat cock – which seemed to be a little fatter and longer than I had remembered.
Sarah sat next to Andi, put her hand on Andi's knee, and whispered into Andi's ear, "Sweetheart, if you didn't want me to blow your boyfriend, why did you blow my husband?"
Andi pushed Sarah's hand aside and moved next to Ken. Her eyes opened wide when she got a full view of the size of Ken's unusually fat dick. It was probably only 5 inches long, but it was at least as thick as a Coke can, curving up to a small tipped head. She stood up and let the tiny terrycloth bathrobe fall to the floor. Her nipples were hard and erect, and the white triangles of her tits and above her pussy made her dark tan even more attractive to me.
"Ken, " Andi said, "As long as we're keeping score, I think I owe you a fuck, don't I?" She looked at Sarah, "If you didn't want me to fuck your husband, why did you fuck my boyfriend?" she asked, stepping backward as if she was going to sit on Ken's lap.
Sarah's nails were a little longer than Andi's. Was it possible she left some scratches on my back from the night before? Were we so loud that we woke up Andi?
Before I had the chance to say anything, the head of Ken's cock was already in Andi's pussy. Ken held her legs up and back, giving Sarah and me a fantastic view of his fat cock inching it's way up her cunt. For his size, Ken was very strong and had no problem lifting and lowering Andi onto his lap.
Ken's body was almost completely motionless as he raised and lowered her. With every rise and fall, she gasped as she let a little more of my friend inside her. Andi spread her legs a little further and found a foothold on the edge of a bunk bed and the table. She moved Ken's hands from under her legs and ass to her tits. She looked at Sarah and me, and then lowered herself even further onto Ken's thick cock.
Sarah looked 10 years younger with her hair in a ponytail, but I think the real reason was to keep her hair out of the way for what she was about to do next.
Sarah pushed me back, and sat on my lap. She kissed me long and hard, making my cock grow instantly. She pushed her tits into my mouth, running her fingers through my hair. She must have known I was getting close, so she pushed me back on the bunk bed. She shoved my legs back and rubbed her nose into my balls. After a few flicks of her tongue on my asshole, she licked my cock from base to tip and then swallowed it's entire length all at once.
Ken only had about half his dick up Andi's cunt, but that was apparently enough for him as he let out a groan and shot his load inside her. Andi kept moving up and down on him, continuing to give us an incredible view of her cum-filled pussy. Frantic, and somewhat frustrated she tried quickening the pace, but Ken's hard-on was quickly deflating. She hopped off his lap and turned to face him. She wasn't attracted to Ken, but she was definitely attracted to his cock. She knelt between his legs and tugged at his cock as best she could. Occasionally, she'd pop the head of his dick in her mouth and swirl her tongue around, but he was slow to regain his erection. As she panted and grunted, she would tighten her stomach muscles, forcing small gushes of Ken's cum from her pussy.
Sarah was expertly blowing me and continued to suck and lick until I ejaculated on her cheek, on her nose, and down her throat. She new it was a matter of seconds before my cock would be ready to fuck again, and patiently continued to coax another hard-on. As soon as I was hard again, Sarah pushed me back onto the bunk bed and got on top of me. She lifted one knee to give Andi a clear view as she guided my cock into her hairless pussy, and then took all of my length inside her in one swift motion. I grabbed Sarah's ass cheeks and pulled her up and down, impaling her on my cock. She grabbed my hands and guided my fingers to her asshole. I spread her ass cheeks farther, giving Andi and Ken a view of Sarah's open anus.
Ken's gaze went from Andi, to his wife's asshole, back to Andi. It probably wasn't until this time that he realized I had fucked his wife up the ass the night before. His cock was beginning to thicken again and Andi pushed him back in much the same way that Sarah pushed me. Andi crawled on top of him, lifting a knee as Sarah did to give us a view of her attempt to get Ken's fat cock back in her drenched pussy. She leaned forward, resting her head on Ken's chest. Ken thought she was being affectionate, but she had to use both hands to hold his thick shaft as she guided his cock into her sopping wet pussy. When she had about half of his cock inside her, she sat up and put his hands on her tits.
She bounced up and down on his dick, but she couldn't get more than about 3 inches inside her. She was tight to begin with, so Ken was undoubtedly having the time of his life. He took his hands off her tits and grabbed her ass cheeks, pulling her onto his cock as I had done to his wife. Her hands found his and guided them toward the crack of her ass. Andi looked over her shoulder, watching as I fucked Sarah. She continued to look at us as she used Ken's hands to pull her cheeks apart. Her asshole opened wide as she tried to get more of his unbelievably fat cock inside her pussy.
Sarah and I were definitely enjoying the show. Sarah's asshole dilated and contracted several times as I filled her pussy with cum. We French kissed and hugged while she stroked my cock to another erection.
Andi's pussy looked about as stretched as a pussy could be without having given birth. Ken licked two fingers and slid them in her asshole. He was working them in and out of her while she continued to bounce on his cock. More and more of his cock disappeared inside her until she finally let out a yelp as Ken's cock impaled her cervix. Her tits glistened with sweat as her chest rose and fell with her heavy breaths. She fell forward and kissed Ken's hairy chest and nipples. Her ass cheeks shook as she enjoyed several waves of orgasm. The sight of her tanned, slender, 18 year-old frame resting on Ken's short, chubby, hairy body was like something out of a fairytale.
Sarah, not one to leave "well-enough" alone, positioned me so I was sitting directly across from Andi and Ken. As she stood up to fold the table between the bunk beds out of the way, cum dribbled down her leg.
The smell of sex filled the camper. Thunder boomed in the distance, and the wind and rain continued to batter the campground.