This story is incomplete on its own. Readers would be better served reading eitherThe Boss' Wifeand/orAlexa's Perspectivefirst.
*****
Now that my wife was feeling better, and our guest was settled in, I left to help Joe out with his dead battery.
The drive to meet Joe and his wife Joanna was a pleasant one. The weather had finally turned decent following several days of torrential rains. I drove carefully so as not to slide on any deep puddles, which still dotted the roads.
Joe, Joanna and I had grown up together. Once we reached puberty, both Joe and I developed a crush on Joanna. But she chose him. Nevertheless, we remained friends to this day, as Joe and I worked together.
I found them pulled over by the side of the road, and quickly jumped out to help. Joe and I grabbed the cables from my trunk and began connecting our car batteries to help them get back on the road.
It had been a while since either of us had done this, so we needed Joanna to shine a light on the batteries so we could figure out where to connect the wires. Once the batteries were connected, we just had to wait a few minutes for the charge to complete, so we made small-talk by the side of the road.
Just then, a truck came by, screamed into a nearby puddle, and drenched all three of us from head to toe.
"Thanks a lot, asshole!" I yelled, as he continued driving.
Joanna started to panic.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed, jumping into the car. "We're all gonna catch pneumonia!"
We followed her in, me in the backseat, with she and Joe in the front.
"Quick, give me your clothes," she offered. "I'll dry them on the radiator."
Joe complied right away, stripping down to his boxers. Me, I hesitated.
"Come on, Steve," Joe said to me. "We are all friends here."
"Yeah," Joanna echoed, as she pulled off her dress, revealing a purple bra and panty set.
I took off my shirt and pants and handed them to her.
"Great," she said. "Shouldn't take too long to dry off, I think."
We began to reminisce about old times. The conversation shifted to how long it had been since we had all been naked together.
"Remember, when we had that mudfight in that barn, our parents forced us to strip while they hosed us down?"
While the conversation was bringing me back, my mind was fully in the present, as I couldn't stop staring at Joanna's uncovered body.
She was beautiful, and she had stayed in tremendous shape over the years. The purple bra and panty set she was wearing was making me hot. I imagined kissing her thick, full lips, and then sucking on her nipples, which I have never seen post-puberty. Joe was a lucky guy.
"Ahem, Steve," Joanna said, as she made eye contact with me and then directed her gaze downward.
"Oh, shit!" I yelled, as I looked down. My hardened cock was poking out of the pee hole in my boxers! I struggled to readjust my shorts so that my excitement was out of view.
We all started laughing. But then Joe and Joanna huddled together and started whispering to each other. It looked like they were arguing, but it also looked like they were agreeing. I couldn't make heads or tails of it.
"You guys gonna let me in on the secret?" I asked.
They nodded to each other and turned to face me.
"The thing is, Steve," Joe explained. "Joanna has this fantasy...of trying anal. But it's not working out with me...it seems like a shape thing. Your, er, shape, however, looks like it could work without causing too much pain."
I stared at them.
"Basically," Joe continued. "Would you be willing to have anal sex with Joanna?"
"Definitely," I said, unable to hide my surprise.
"But here's the thing, Steve," Joanna said. "I don't want to disturb the dynamic between your friendship with Joe. I know how guys are, and it could change things. Knowing that you've 'taken your friend's wife up the ass' or Joe knowing that you have, could affect the power dynamic in your relationship, and I don't want that."
"I get it," I said. But where was she going with this?
"So...what I propose is that while you get to fuck me up the ass, in return you have to swallow one of Joe's loads. That should even you guys out."
"Say WHAT?!" I exclaimed. "I am NOT doing that!"
Joe and Joanna huddled up once again in another animated, but quiet, discussion.
"Okay look," Joanna retorted. "If you do that, I'll also throw in a blowjob."
I considered. I definitely did not want to take one of Joe's loads. But at the same time, taking Joanna up the ass and then getting blown by her was a tempting proposition. Those lips of hers were amazing. Plus, my wife was a cold fish in bed; she hated the idea of sucking me off, which encouraged me to seek satisfaction elsewhere.
"Deal," I said.
"Great", they both replied.
Joanna gave Joe a kiss, and then climbed into the back seat with me. She turned her back to me and removed her bra and panties. Then she got on her knees and backed into me as I slid off my shorts.
"Would you mind...lubricating us?" she asked.
I spit on my cock and began rubbing the saliva all over my boner. Then I spit on my hand and rubbed it in and around her asshole. I couldn't believe I was about to penetrate Joanna, a girl I had dreamed about since puberty. My dick was as hard as a rock.
I brought my rod to her hole and gently prodded, trying to feel my way in without causing too much pain. She started moaning as my tip penetrated her hull.
I gently thrusted in and out, trying to let the lubricant spread around to where it was needed. It was going in easier now. I began to get into a rhythm. She began to moan as she lowered her hands to her groin and began to pleasure herself.
I grabbed her breasts to get a good grip on her as I started to thrust a little harder.
"Oh shit," I stammered, looking over at Joe and motioning to my hands wrapped around his wife's tits. "Is this okay?"
"It's fine," he said. I saw that he had taken his shorts off and was stroking his pecker to our show. I was reminded of how huge his balls were. The guys used to call him Wrecking Balls in high school because of his massive testes, and they only seem to have grown since then.
With Joe's permission out of the way, I decided to squeeze her breasts harder. Her nipples were like stones as she was enjoying living out her fantasy. Her screams became louder.
"I can't take it anymore," Joe said, climbing into the backseat with us.
He positioned himself in front of Joanna and slid his dick into her front entrance, causing her to gasp. He started fucking her at a completely different pace, as we double-teamed the horny girl.
At one point, our balls collided, causing me to yelp in immense pain.
Joanna mistook my pain for pleasure, as she turned her head in my direction and smiled, "Enjoying it, dear?"
I don't think Joe even noticed our collision, as his boulders crushed my average-sized beans. I re-positioned myself to stay out of the way of those wrecking balls.
Joanna was flopping around like a rag doll. She yelped at my thrust, and then yelped again at his. Her body then tensed and began to jerk as she came loudly and proudly.
She began to make out with Joe as he quickened his pace. He pulled his lips away.
"I'm close," he grunted.
"Bring it here," she instructed.
He climbed up on the seat and contorted his body so that his throbbing member was at the same level as our faces. She sucked him for a couple of strokes, and then brought his member to within an inch of my lips.
"Open up, dear," she said in her sweetest voice.
I complied. She placed his pulsating drill on my tongue.
"And...close," she ordered, as I closed my lips on it.
She then began to stroke him as fast as she could. He groaned and unleashed a torrent of cream into my virgin mouth. Every time I thought he couldn't possibly ejaculate any more than this, he would fire a few more spurts. I watched his balls heave as they finished draining themselves, filling my mouth completely. I couldn't believe there were billions of Joe's little sperm swimming around my mouth!
The taste was awful. I considered spitting it all out. But I was already balls deep into Joanna's ass, plus I would lose my blow job. I closed my eyes, counted to 3 and swallowed it all down. But the awful taste lingered.
"Good boy," Joanna cooed, as she stroked my cheek. "I used to have a lot of trouble with the size of Joe's loads when we first got together. But they've definitely gotten easier over time!"
She got off my rod and lay across the backseat so that her face was at my crotch. If she had any hesitations about the fact that my penis was about to go from ass to mouth, she showed no signs of it. She took my whole cock in her mouth without any effort at all!
Her strokes were smooth, deep and fast. Those luscious lips of hers felt incredible wrapped around my member. I held one of her breasts in my hand as she worked my cock.
I felt myself getting close. A few seconds later, I erupted, firing several ropes of semen into the back of her mouth. She swallowed dutifully, and then looked up at me and smiled. I guess if she was used to handling Joe's loads, mine must have felt like a little drop.
"You better get going," Joanna said, handing me my clothes. "We don't want Alexa getting suspicious!"
On the drive home, I couldn't get rid of the bitter taste still stuck in my mouth, no matter how much I tried to spit out the window.
As soon as I got inside the house, I made a beeline for the master bathroom, to grab some mouthwash and deal with the terrible taste of semen that still lingered.
But Alexa had other ideas. She was stroking herself for me as I walked into the room. She asked me to go down on her. It bothered me to no end that she sometimes asked me to go down on her, even though she wouldn't suck my cock, but at that particular moment I figured that's as good a way as any to get rid of the horrible taste in my mouth.
I undressed and jumped on the bed. She went to check the door, and then jumped on me, sliding her body up until her pussy was on my face. I began to drink as much as I could.
She was really horny. Her hole was gaping, and the juices were just streaming down. I drank everything I could. I sucked her hole, I stuck my tongue in and scooped out whatever goop I could. But for some reason, the bad taste in my mouth would not go away. In fact, it felt like it was getting worse!
I worried that she might get suspicious as to what I was doing, so I told her how good she tastes today.
She spun around, giving me a good look at her ass, and another angle from which to extract her sweet nectar. I began to lick her clit as she moaned with pleasure.
As she got close, she lowered her asshole onto my nose. I complained that I couldn't breathe, but she must not have heard me as she proceeded to lower herself even more.
My nose was now inside her ass, and my mouth was pressed right up against her pussy. I wagged my tongue in desperation, hopeful that I could make her come before suffocating.
Finally, she peaked, and then lay down beside me. I stripped off my shorts for the second time tonight, and entered her gaping cave.
I thought about Joanna's blowjob as I fucked my wife. My dick was hard, making my wife moan with pleasure.
She came again just as I surrendered my load for the second time in 20 minutes. After Joanna's incredible blowjob, I couldn't have given my wife more than a couple of drops. But I'm a lucky guy, as we later found out that this was the night that our baby was conceived!
THE END