Prudish Wife was the Blow Job Queen in High School
Fortunately for others but unfortunately for me, my wife was a virgin when I married her and has never been with any other man but me. She is very modest and would never agree to participate in flashing her body had I not arranged opportunities for my friends to secretly see her in all manner of undress. Surely, without a doubt, she would never have sex with anyone but me, so it is out of the question for me to ask her to fuck or blow someone while I watch and jerk off. That will never happen.
Call me perverted, but it turns me on knowing that other guys have seen my wife's panties and/or bra, of semi-naked seeing her tits and/or pussy, or totally naked seeing it all. It is a fantasy of mine to imagine her with other men fucking them and sucking them while I jerk off over the image of her being sexual with another man. It turns me on knowing that other men want my wife and lust over her hot body, as I do. I love stroking my cock thinking about others wanting my wife.
Always, I buy hot clothes for her to wear, clothes that have sheer material and that are nearly transparent, low cut tops that, hopefully, will show nipple slips, and tight short shirts so that when she sits even with her legs closed, anyone sitting across from her will have a nice view of a triangular patch of panty peeking out over her thighs. She protests about wearing such sexy clothes but she knows that I will give her money to go shopping if she appeasing me by wearing sexy clothes, if only around the house and for me.
One time, she wore one of the low cut tops that I bought her to a restaurant. Whenever she moved or slightly leaned forward, you could see her nipples. Our waiter spent forever leaning over her explaining the menu selections. He had the perfect view down her blouse. Then, there was an army of attentive men who serviced our table more than the other patrons' tables who ate at the restaurant that night. We had the waiter, the bus boy, the wine steward, even the valet telling us that our car was ready and waiting for us. For their excellent service, they were all rewarded with a great view of her tits and nipples, and she never suspected.
One year, I bought her a white bikini that turned transparent as soon as it became wet. She threw it in my face and said, "I can't wear that. It's like walking around naked."
I promised a trip to Mexico if she agree to wear it on the beach. She agreed, we went, and she did. As soon as she emerged from the water, clearly, you could see the shape and size of her tits, the color of her nipples, and her patch of bush. Then, when she turned, you could see her ass crack. Man, I jerked off over the image of guys staring at her on the beach for months.
Yet, I digress. This story is about how other men looking at my wife turns me on and how I managed to manipulate my wife to be in situations where other men could view her hot body.
It started innocently enough when I took some nude photos of my wife without her knowledge. I had no idea that the guys who developed the photos saw them; I thought the process was done by machine. Yet, when I returned to the store to pick up the photos, I received some curious grins. In hindsight, I should have known that someone has to put the photos in those envelopes with the negatives.
When I arrived home, I jerked off to the image of some pimple faced teenager beating his cock over the naked photos of my wife. I wondered if he made a duplicate copy for himself and is carrying them around with him showing my naked wife to his friends at school. I wish I could be a fly on the wall to see their reaction of her.
Then, a week later, I had a couple of friends over to watch a football game forgetting that I had left the photos out on the upstairs desk. When my buddy, Gary, went upstairs to use the bathroom, because another buddy was in the downstairs bathroom, he made a detour to the office to check his e-mail on my computer. The photos were in plain view and he saw, Julie, my wife naked. Later, I jerked off over the image of Gary staring at the photos of Julie naked. He saw her tits and her pussy. Man, did I beat my meat that day. Only, I forgot to put away the photos and Julie saw them.
"Freddie? When, how, and why did you take these photos?"
"Oh, uhm, I took the photos of you a while back through the full length mirror when you stepped out of the shower. I, uhm, was just trying out my new digital camera."
"You took nude photos of me without my knowledge and without my permission? How dare you?"
"Well, yeah, I'm sorry, it was just—."
"And who was using the computer? All my history is deleted."
"Oh, Gary was checking his e-mail."
"Gary was up here checking his e-mail with these photos of me naked on the desk in plain view?"
"Well, yeah, I guess, I'm sorry, Julie."
"You're sorry? No, your not, you have an erection, you perverted bastard."
She did not talk to me the rest of the day, until I had the florist deliver roses and took her out to eat at that expensive French restaurant she always wanted to try. Fortunately, she forgave me. Yet, I jerked off over what happened that day for days.
The next weekend, I had some guys over from the office to show them my new deck. I knew my wife was in the bedroom getting ready to shower. She did not know that my co-workers had stopped by the house to see the deck. With the bedroom light on, and the outside light off, she could not see who was on the deck because of the reflection that the bedroom light created on the sliding glass doors. Before Julie headed upstairs, I turned on the bedroom light and opened the drapes over the sliders all the way. Our backyard looks over conservation land, so it is totally private and we are accustomed to leaving the drapes open during the day. Yet, I was so nervous that something would go wrong, that Julie would see the guys and close the drapes, turn off the light, or appear fully clothe.
I took my friends to the back yard and explained that the light over the sliding glass doors just blew and that I did not have a replacement bulb. Yet, all eyes were immediately drawn to the bedroom sliding doors, especially when my wife made an appearance wearing just a towel. I could not believe my plan was working perfectly. I could not wait for them to see her, watch their reactions, and leave so that I could jerk off over the image of them seeing Julie naked.
I took a seat with my back to the sliders; my co-workers bunched together across from me. They looked odd sitting so close together but they all wanted the best viewing point to see my wife. I could tell by the looks on their faces that Julie was giving them a good show.
When I got up to get another round of beers, I saw her in my peripheral vision standing naked while brushing her hair in the full length mirror. Julie, at 5'5" and 125 pounds has a hot body. With long legs, a flat stomach, a full and shapely B cup, she has a proud, round ass, and a trimmed patch of blonde pubic hair. From where she stood, everyone on the deck had a clear view of her naked body. I could not wait to jerk off.
I took my time getting the beers but when I returned the bedroom light was off and the drapes were drawn. My stomach sank and panic took control of my mood. I felt sick. What happened? I made an excuse to my co-workers that I suddenly felt ill and told them I needed to retire. When they left, I hurried to the bedroom to find out if my plan had backfired.
Julie snapped on the light as soon as I entered the room.
"You know my routine. You knew I was in the shower. You knew that I would remove my towel and stand in front of the mirror, as I always do, brushing my hair without paying any mind to the open drapes, as our land abuts conservation land. Yet, you allowed strange men to see me naked." She gave me a hard look. "What is wrong with you? Can I not have any privacy? Can I not keep my dignity and my modesty? Must you share my body with all of your perverted friends?"
"They saw you naked?" I felt my cock stir.
"You know they did asshole."
"No, Honey, I saw the drape was drawn—"
"I drew the drapes when I heard a noise outside. Yet, before I did I walked to the sliding glass doors, stood in front of them, and peered out with my hand against the glass. That was when I saw four men gathered around the patio table staring back at me, you sick fuck."
"I'm sorry, Julie." My cock grew harder.
"Freddie, they saw my tits and my pussy pressed against the cold glass like meat on display at the deli. They saw everything." She sat up in bed. "If I died tomorrow, they can all identify my body by the freckles on my ass." She started to cry.
"I'm so sorry, Julie." I had a huge erection and could not wait to retreat to the bathroom and jerk off.
"You aren't sorry. It turns you on for other men to see me naked, doesn't it?" She wiped her eyes with a tissue. "I bet you'd love to see me fuck and blow your friends."
"No, Honey—" she gave me that look that women give you to make you tell the truth. "Well, kind of, yeah, it does, I guess, I would. I'm sorry."
"Pervert, sick fucking pervert, I married a sick fucking pervert."
She rolled over and went to sleep and did not speak to me the following day. The next day, I went to the jewelers and surprised her with those diamond earrings she had been admiring. Fortunately, she forgave me. I jerked off over what happened that night every day for weeks.
A few months later, I had my poker buddies over. My wife stayed in the living room while we played cards. She was watching television in her bathrobe with nothing else on underneath after having just taken her shower. This is typical for her; she never gets dressed after her shower and only puts her nightgown on just before going to bed.
I bought her favorite wine knowing that after just a few glasses of it, she'd be drunk and would fall asleep on the couch, which she had done many times previously. That night, there was a good movie playing, she said, some chick flick that she always wanted to see and never had the chance to see it. She had, at least, 3 glasses of wine because the bottle was nearly empty and she spilled part of the fourth glass on the rug.
Continually, I checked on her when I passed by the living room to go to the kitchen to get beers or when I went to the downstairs bathroom to pee. She slept like she was dead. Each time, I passed her; I opened her bathrobe a bit more, exposing more of her tits and more of her pussy. I arranged her robe so that it did not appear obvious but made it look like her robe opened a little as she slept. Then, I returned to the poker game excitedly waiting for my friends to walk by her on the way to the kitchen to grab a beer or to the bathroom to pee. Man, I could not wait to jerk off over this tomorrow.
Sure enough, over the next couple hours, the guys frequently got up to get beer and to pee. It was funny hearing all the excuses why they had to leave the table and be dealt out of the game. And every time the left, it took them longer to return. They even volunteered to get me beer, something they have never done before.
Then, when it was time to leave and my wife was still sleeping with her bathrobe now completely open and her tits and pussy totally exposed; she must have had a fitful sleep for it to fall open like that, my God, I acted surprised and rushed over to her closing her robe but not tying it.
"Don't look guys, my wife is exposed." I held up the nearly empty bottle. "She's passed out drunk."
"Don't worry about it, Freddie, Julie is your wife and our friend and we would never take advantage of her and embarrass you and her by looking at her naked."
Yeah, right, I thought to myself. You guys are like me, a bunch of horny dogs and would look at your mothers if you had the chance to see them naked.
I pretended to try and wake her knowing full well that with that much wine in her, she would sleep soundly through the night.
"Before you guys go, can you give me a hand carrying her upstairs? I threw my back out and cannot lift her. Gary, you take her legs and Steve you take her back."
Gary and Steve helped carry Julie upstairs. As soon as they lifted her off the couch, her bathrobe splayed completely open, again and hung by her sides. I walked ahead acting like I did not see it. I saw them ogle her out of the corner of my eye but continued upstairs ahead of them. When they put her down on the bed she was totally exposed.
"Help me get her bathrobe off and her nightgown on. Turn of that light, please. That way, we can maintain her dignity."
I knew full well that they could see her clearly from the light in the hall. I had a raging erection and could not wait until they left so that I could release the pressure with a good hand job.
Julie was limp and Gary and Steve struggled to get the nightgown on her practically groping every part of her in the process. Every time they tried moving her, she slumped over and they would have to lift her to a sitting position. Every time they lifted her, they grabbed her tits in the process. I was so hot and so horny. I could not wait to jerk off. They both got some wicked good feels in helping to remove her bathrobe and put on her nightgown. Later that night, I jerked off over the image of them seeing, touching, and feeling Julie.
The next morning Julie was up early and standing on my side of the bed.
"Freddie, wake up! Freddie!"
"What?"
"My nightgown is on inside out."
My stomach sank again. I was sick. Suddenly, I had cold sweats.
"I don't remember getting dressed for bed."
"Yeah, well, you were drunk, Honey and—"
"And how did I get upstairs?"
"We carried, uhm, I carried—"
"You carried me with your bad back? Well, Gary and Steve—"
"Gary and Steve! Did Gary and Steve remove my bathrobe and put my nightgown on too?"
"I turned off the bedroom light, Honey—"
"More men saw me naked. How could you, Freddie?"
"I asked them not to—"
"And I had the weirdest dream that hands were feeling my tits, fingering my pussy, and squeezing my ass. What do you know about that?"
"I don't know, Sweetie, maybe it was something you ate before—"
"Don't give me that Sweetie shit, you fucking pervert." She looked at me with sorrow. "You allowed men to feel me up, to fondle my tits and finger my pussy?"
She did not talk to me the entire day and the day after that. I knew this was a bad one. That weekend, I took her to the dealership and bought her a new Mazda Miata. After that, she acted like the incident never happened. Yet, now, I had so much jerking off material, I jerked off every day, three times a day.
A few months after that, it was Julie's 30th birthday and her girlfriends had promised her a night out. They took her to a strip club. Julie came back to the house drunk and horny. I met her at the door and she whispered to me that her friends were giving the stripper hand jobs and couple of them had their cocks in their mouths. She said that she was mortified and would never go with them, again. My cock was straining in my pants. Boy, how I wished I was married to one of her hot friends instead of to my prudish wife.
Julie staggered upstairs and slurred that she was taking her shower. I was in the den playing poker with the guys when she appeared in the doorway with just a towel around her wet hair. Typically, she always came down after her shower to watch television, but not naked. I watched my friends staring at my wife's tits and pussy.
"Honey, where's my bathrobe? I can't find it." She was so drunk she could hardly stand.
I jumped up to cover her. I had an instant erection watching my poker buddies ogle my naked wife.
"Oh, it's in the wash, Baby, but let's go upstairs—"
Before I could turn her, she collapsed on the floor.
"Guys help me carry her upstairs and put her to bed." We put her on the bed and covered her with a blanket.
I turned to my buddies. I'm going to drive the babysitter home. I'll be right back. Knowing full well that my horny buddies were hot for my wife, I took my time driving the babysitter home and driving back. It was a 15 minute round trip drive and I nearly took an hour. Before I left, I turned on the closed circuit camera that I have in the bedroom.
When I returned, my buddies were around the poker table in the den dealing a new hand. Within a few minutes after that hand, we called it a night and I rushed up to watch the video. Sure enough, all four of my poker buddies took turns staring at my passed out wife and feeling her tits and fingering her pussy. Then, they all left but Gary. He stayed, sat on the bed, and touched her everywhere. He even kissed her and it appeared she was kissing him back; she was so drunk.
This video was the hottest video I have ever watched. He striped naked, spread her legs and started eating her pussy. Still past out, she squirmed to his licks. Then, he fucked her. He fucked Julie while she was dead drunk passed out. When he was finished fucking her, he leaned her up against the headboard, turned her head to him, opened her mouth, and stuck in his prick.
I could not believe that Julie was sucking him and jerking him off with her hand. She was so drunk, she did not know what she was doing or with whom she was doing it. She must have thought that she was blowing me. Oh, my God, this was so hot to watch, Julie, my wife have her pussy eaten by my friend, then have him fuck her, and finally watch her blow him. Within a few minutes, he came in her mouth and she swallowed all of it before slouching down and falling to sleep. Wow! I jerked off over that for months and still do. I play that video every night and jerk off to it.
Only, this time, she was really pissed at me, really pissed. She took off with Gary and wants a divorce. I cannot help but wonder if I was, somehow, set up. "Nah!"
My name is Julie and I'm married to Freddie, a pervert, who would rather expose me to his friends and jerk off over it later, than to have sex with me. Truly, he is a sick fuck.
From the first day I met him, he put me on a pedestal. He said he had never been with anyone so good looking. I was only with him because he had money and I wanted to get out of my neighborhood. Sure, enough, he bought me a big diamond and a big house. I had it made.
He thought I was a virgin when we married but I was with lots of guys before him. In high school, they called me the blow job queen. He thinks that I am modest but, when he is not home, I walk around the house naked. Sometimes, when I am feeling horny, I answer the door naked. Everyone has seen me naked, my neighbors, the mailman, the cute UPS guy, and the meter reader. My favorite is sun bathing out back naked. I can feel the neighbors' eyes looking at me through their binoculars while beating themselves off. I love it when guys see me naked. It turns me on and gives me hot images to think about when I masturbate.
It started when my husband bought me sexy clothes. One time we went to a restaurant and he made me wear this top that there was no way I could keep my tits inside. My nipples were on constant display and everyone, the waiter, bus boy, wine steward, and even the valet had jerk off material that night. Then, he bought this white, see through bathing suit. Like I did not know that a white bathing suit becomes transparent when it is wet. At least I got a vacation in Mexico for that nude display.
Then, there were the nude photos of me. I pretended not to see the flash of the camera in the mirror. This guy is so laughable. Yet, I stayed with him to see how much I could get off of him before leaving him for someone else. Actually, I was the one who displayed his nude photos of me on the office desk hoping that one of his perverted buddies would sneak in the office to use the computer and see me naked.
He bought me flowers and took me to dinner at that expensive French restaurant for taking those photos and for having his friend, Gary, ogle them.
My husband is so pathetic, like I did not hear cars pull in the driveway, hear the car doors slam shut, and hear voices of men outside when he had his co-workers over on the pretense to see the deck. He wanted me to give them a show, and did I ever give them a show. I was so hot and horny when I entered the bedroom in just a towel knowing only a few feet away, behind my glass sliders were four horny men watching and waiting for me to strip, and I did.
I brushed my hair in the mirror, examined my pussy lips, checked my breasts for lumps, turned and looked at my ass but the best part was when I walked up to the glass sliding doors, pressed my body against it, and looked out with my hand at my forehead. I should have one the Oscar for the best acting performance when I showed shock and embarrassment that four men saw me naked. Like nervous mice, they all ran in the driveway waiting for my husband because they did not want him to know that they saw his wife naked. Quickly, I closed the drapes, turned off the light, and jumped in bed so that I could finger my fantasy.
Then, when the pervert came upstairs, I let him have it. I would settle for nothing less than diamonds and he bought me two karat diamond earrings.
Then, about a month later, I knew something was up when he surprised me with a bottle of the cheap wine that he thinks I love. I poured it down the drain and replaced the contents with grape juice. Once his poker buddies arrived, it was show time. I pretended I was passed out drunk on the couch while my perverted husband partially opened my bathrobe so that his perverted poker buddies could have a peek. His creepy friend Leon actually sucked my nipple and fingered my pussy. "Ewww!" I couldn't wait to shower after that creep touched me.
Still, I had to continue to pretend for my plan to work. This time, I wanted payback to be more than flowers and dinner, and I wanted something more substantial than diamonds. I wanted a new car.
Continually, my husband returned to fashion my bathrobe so that it wouldn't appear obvious. When he finally left for the last time, I flung open the fucking thing so that his friends would have a good look at the body and, if I say so myself, I have a great body.
Those bunch of perverts paraded by every few minutes. Creepy Leon even pulled out his cock and started stroking it by my face. I'm sure he was hoping that I would suddenly wake up and be so turned on by the sight of his tiny pecker that I would suck him off. Only, I wanted to reach up and punch him in the balls but I did not want to ruin things. I just hoped he did not cum on my face or in my hair, "Ewww!" and he didn't, thank God.
Finally, they were leaving and my pervert husband gets the bright idea for Gary and Steve to carry me upstairs. At this point, I was horny and tired and did not know if I could continue the charade. Before I could react, I was launched off the couch and carried upstairs with my bathrobe hanging down below me and my body totally exposed. My pussy was so close to Gary's mouth that I could feel his hot breath. And more than once, Steve, accidentally on purpose felt my tits.
Then, it was groping time when all four of his poker buddies striped off my bathrobe and took their time putting on my nightgown. I reached my hand up and grabbed Gary's cock. He had a huge erection from touching me and from watching the other guys grope me.
I earned a new, red Mazda Miata for that performance.
The night of my birthday was the best. I pretended that I was drunk and came downstairs naked. Then, I feigned fainting. His buddies carried me upstairs, again, this time feeling me more than they did last time. One of those perverts actually put his finger up my asshole. It had to be Leon. He probably went home and sucked his finger with the promise of never washing that finger again. "Ewww!" What the fuck? At least, take me to dinner first before you stick your finger up my ass (lol).
Finally, when his friends headed back downstairs, Gary stayed knowing full well that Freddie would take his time driving the babysitter home. We gave him a show to record on his video. Still, knowing that I was being recorded, I had to continue to act like the drunken wife who was being used and abused by her husband and his friends.
Gary was in on it, too. He ate my pussy, then, fucked me like I have not been fucked in years. I whispered to him not to cum in my pussy because I wanted to blow him and wanted him to cum in my mouth. And he did. Boy, he released a load in my mouth that nearly gagged me but I swallowed all of it. I earned my name as blow job queen that night by giving him such a great blowjob that it drained him dry.
Now, Gary and I are together and I plan on taking whatever I can from Freddie in this divorce. After all he took advantage of his wife, his wife who was a virgin (yeah, right) when we married and was a pure as...yellow snow.
He was such a sucker. Yet, at least I gave him lots of jerk off material. I hope he and his wanker are happy together.