I remember the first time I went over to their house; it was my second day as their new neighbor. I had moved into the house next door to Santos and Gabrielle and the next day being Sunday, I went for an early morning run. After my run I returned to my new home only to realize that I had locked myself out of the house.
My keys and my cell phone were inside the house and in my hurry to go running I had jammed the door shut locking myself out. "Shit!" I cursed, angry at myself for being so careless. With no way of calling for help and being new in the area, I decided to visit my neighbors for any help they could render.
When I arrived at their front porch, I noticed there was no doorbell, at least none that I could see so I rapped my knuckles on the door. There was no answer, and my knuckles were becoming sore, so I decided to go round to the side of the house, perhaps if I could shout hello through the kitchen window someone might hear me.
I was walking quietly toward what I assumed should be their kitchen window when I stopped dead in my tracks. My curiosity and my deeply seated voyeuristic tendencies drew me closer to the source of the noises I could faintly make out.
Cocking my ear and listening attentively, there was no doubt as to the nature of the noise I was picking up. My heart began to beat faster as I moved closer to the window, and when I moved my face closer as peeped through the gap in the curtains, a rush of excitement coursed right through my body as I realized the room was not their kitchen but rather the bedroom.
My nipples instantly hardened and my pussy was awash with fresh dew as I beheld the most arousing scenery of hot passionate sex. On the king sized bed was Gabrielle on her back with her legs spread wide and in between her open thighs was Santos thrusting away in and out of her as she moaned in tune with the rhythm of his hard muscular body.
I licked my lips nervously and whipped my head left and then right to make sure I wasn't being observed, and then I slipped my hand past the waist band of my running pants and panties to my tingling wet pussy.
As my fingers invaded my sticky wetness, I began to moan softly whilst watching then fuck. Every muscle in Santos's well sculpted body was rippling as he pounded Gabrielle's cunt mercilessly, and she lifted her hips up to meet his every thrust while moaning out loud and mouthing sweet endearments in Spanish. It was such an intoxicating experience my knees went so week I had to lean harder against the wall to stop myself from crumpling to the floor.
Santos groaned like a wild animal as he fucked away in frenzy, my eyes closed in on her sexy firm breasts which jiggled about under the force of his pounding assault, my mouth watered as I wished I could lick her hard nipples and suck on her beautiful twin peaks. My soft moans grew into groans which were getting even louder as my eyes closed involuntarily as I finger fucked myself faster, flicking my engorged clit with my thumb and listening to their mind blowing moans.
I struggled to open my eyes when I heard the bed was creaking and amplifying their movements while hammered her even harder.
"Oh Papi! I'm cummmmmmmmmming!" she screamed out loud, her desperate love cry birthing her orgasm tipped me over the edge too. My eyes closed tighter, and my back arched as I felt my slippery walls clenching around my fingers, and sucking them in deeper. Suddenly a dam broke and a tidal wave of orgasmic pleasure washed over my body. I had to bite down hard on my tongue to stop my lusty moan from becoming a carefree scream of a mind blowing climax.
As my tremors calmed and my body began to regain its strength, my eyes opened and I peeped at the fucking couple once again, just in time to see Santos pull out and grab his cock which he then used to hose down Gabrielle's face and gorgeous breasts, drenching her in his thick creamy spunk.
My eyes widened when he let go of his still rigid cock, it was a massive 9 inch by three inch weapon of mass distraction which left my mouth opened in an exciting "O", and my cunt tingling with an itch needing very badly to be scratched.
To be continued...