I saw it advertised online, in clear black and white in the pages of an adult entertainment website. I was not sure what I was looking for, other than a release from the doldrums of a dire day to day existence. I had come out of a long-term relationship rudderless, and the seemingly endless sea of porn and unfilled promises was doing my head in. The words read out like a beacon to my cock.
Sugar Island
Within the ad, was a promise of a week of heteroflexibility. One where you would be one of many, ready to take part in a competition of sexual pleasure. I didn't know what to make of it, at first. Heteroflexible? Admittedly, that was something that ended my relationship. I had dearly wanted my ex-girlfriend to put toys in my ass and she wouldn't. I started watching bisexual porn and became intrigued by the cocks of other men. Was it going to be worth the flight to Australia and the copious bits of paperwork required? Paperwork to attain consent, which would be verbally confirmed upon arrival.
What enticed me to give up life in the cold and wet of the United Kingdom for a week on an island in Australia was not just the promise of surf, sand and sunshine. Within the advertisement was a video from the ringleader of it all. Mistress looked disarming with a cute face, yet you knew she wanted to take you to the moon in a cloud of domination. She explained she had been running Sugar Island for a few years, following a significant win in the lottery. She had heard of the desires of many men who wished to be dominated. They especially wanted to be pegged. It seems my experience was a common one -- a lot of partners were not willing to go that far, and a lot of men were worried it would make them gay somehow. I never had that worry. I mean, they put a prostate up there for a reason, right?
She stated heteroflexibility was desired as it would allow for a full range of sexual experiences one may not get from elsewhere. An open environment for play. The cost was hefty, but it covered the flights, the transfers to the island, as well as accommodation and meals. What did I have to lose? Nothing. I nervously filled out the application form, which asked a lot of questions about prior sexual experiences, sexual health and the consent forms. I expected not to hear a thing until I received an email the following day.
"Good morning, Mr Jackson,
Thanks so much for your application for Sugar Island. I am pleased to inform you that I am cordially inviting you to come along to the island for the week you have specified. I appreciate your openness about how your ex-partner did not want to peg you. I understand that and that is is part of why I run this program. Plus it is an excellent chance to explore any bisexual urges in a safe and fun environment.
Each day we wake up, have breakfast, and I encourage you to explore the rest of the island as well as the local neighbourhoods. Lunches can be provided. You need to be back on the island by four in the afternoon. We will provide a light dinner and evening activities started around seven.
If at any point, you are not comfortable with the activity that is on offer, you can withdraw before the event starts and even during. Safety is paramount.
There are some general rules of the house. Smoking is not permitted, nor are any drugs. I can make exceptions for erectile dysfunction pills, but I see you do not have a problem there. Any other prescription medication is okay. Alcohol is available, but we do limit it because of its effect on sexual performance. Masturbation is, for the most part, banned although porn can be viewed from the library I have here. You should socialise with the rest of the harem, and you may get to know them quite intimately too. I hope you leave with a sense of fulfilment and I am very much looking forward to getting to know.
Kind regards,
Mistress"
A month later, I was on a plane. I went from cold weather to a warm and humid climate, where I was greeted by a welcoming party who then ushered me to the island. I arrived quite late on Sunday evening. I was so nervous. But anyhow, there were about fourteen of us. I soon found we had come from all corners of the globe and were of varying sexualities. We got to meet the Mistress herself - she was not overly tall, and by definition, a BBW woman. She was in a t-shirt which made the points of her nipples quite visible and a short skirt along with boots. Dressed in a non-threatening way.
"Hello to my harem and welcome. You will receive a package every evening before play which will explain what the next night's action will be. In tonight's package, there will be an invitation to visit the storeroom tomorrow morning between nine and eleven. We have many strap-on dildos available, so please make a selection and note in on the sheet we have provided. You will also be able to see a selection of gags and hoods, which you will be able to use as well. Select the other options accordingly. Any questions?"
I shot my hand up.
"Mistress, I know we are competing against one another somewhat. You said we would be assessed based on sexual performance. What are we being marked on?"
"I knew you would ask, Pet Paul. Well, as you can see with tomorrow's activity, I am looking for examples of longevity. Enjoy the experience but make accommodations for your physical limits. I do not expect all my pets to perform at their best. I know the environment can be most intimidating for the unrehearsed."
"Thanks, Mistress. I can sleep a little better, knowing that."
With that, we were assigned sleeping quarters. It was like a dorm set up except a more luxurious kind. Each pod had queen size beds for four guys, as well as a television and en-suite. All our suitcases were in the room already, and I nervously went in, hoping I would get along with the other guys. We were all competing for the same prize.
"Your name was Paul, wasn't it?"
"Yeah, what's yours?"
"Nathan. English? I am actually from Australia but from Brisbane."
"Yeah I am, I come from Leeds. So how did you come to be here?"
"A dominating woman and sexual exploration with other men. I was intrigued."
"That almost sounds like me...well, I did want my ex-girlfriend to dominate me, but she would not even go near my ass. When I think about it, she was rather conservative about most things. In the end, I felt like I was not myself, so I ended it. Here I am. As for doing things with other men? I have been intrigued. I haven't done it before, but I am open to it."
"Well, with tomorrow I know there is that other option. Did you tick yes for it?"
"I did. Why, do you want me to..."
"Well, if it gets to that, perhaps yes?"
"We shall see how it goes. I am sure if we don't do it then, it will happen later. You know what, I am not feeling quite so daunted about this, but what are your plans for tomorrow?"
"Well, I would rather go view the dildos first thing and hand in my paperwork. Then take a ferry to the mainland and go fishing. Might be nice to get some peace out in the sun before the big evening."
"Do you mind if I come along?"
"Of course not!"
The other two guys in the room were relatively muted, and I guessed they were nervous. I woke up to the sound of footsteps as people were already up and about. After a shower, Nathan and I perused the stockroom with a woman assisting us, named Liza.
"As Mistress stated yesterday, what I will show you is a selection of dildos that can be used this evening."
I liken it to being a kid in a candy shop. The room was lined wall to wall of every kind of dildo you could imagine. There were short ones and large ones. A variety of colours stemming from black to rainbow. Simple rod shapes, as well as realistic cocks complete with veins. A variety of textures too, I could see some ribbed ones as well. The only other thing the woman said was to choose wisely. "I have seen many men, especially younger ones, come in here and take the biggest one possible. If you are in any way new to anal pleasure, my advice is to take something a bit smaller. But it is entirely up to you". My mind kept drifting off, wishing I could experience them all. We were not allowed to touch them, but the materials were ranging from flexible to hard -- there were dildos even made of glass. But from the get-go, I made my choice clear. There was a seven-inch silicone one in fire engine red that was a bit phallic but not quite. I also opted for a cock gag. I ticked the other boxes and went out of the room, nervously excited. Nathan and I did end up spending the afternoon hiring a boat and doing a bit of fishing.
I do not remember dinner. Next thing I know, we were told to show and to come into the living room nude.
"Oh my god...this is more intimidating than I thought."
A moment hit me when I realised I was not holed up in an office back home in England. The air was warm and humid, ripe with a certain kind of something. I quickly glanced around the room. We were arranged in a semicircle, naked. I saw cocks in various states of erection. I glanced down at my own cock, and it was stirring. What on earth have I gotten myself in for?
Suddenly the din stopped, as she strode out of her room, decked in a red latex catsuit that let her tits out. I could see the black leather harness around her waist. I became twitchy. In front of me, was a black box containing a bottle of lube, a pair of gloves and condoms. Mistress was not alone, she had an assistant who was also dressed in latex. She had with her, a carry case full of the delights of anal play. A menagerie of dildos of all shapes and sizes.
"Greetings to you, my pets. Welcome to Sugar Island. Today will be the first of a set of challenges. You will compete for sexual performance and the chance to become the top pet, which gains special privileges. I will reiterate the rules. If at any moment, you are not comfortable, please speak up. If you are too aroused, you know what to do however you must be able to cum for me when it is your turn...otherwise, I will cage your cock for the rest of the week."
Shit. I guess it was not just sexual performance Mistress was after, but sexual stamina too. There was only so much training one could do beforehand.
Music started playing in the background as Mistress approached the first of the harem. We all watched in anticipation, as she started talking to the first pet. He had opted for a hood to blind him and decided he would not be jacked off. The dildo of selection was a rather huge black one. My mouth went dry. We were all transfixed. She was speaking to him in dulcet tones and telling him all would be okay. Reiterating the safety procedures. He chose to stick his ass in the air. The assistant handed Mistress the lube which she squirted in his ass hole before massaging his rim with her gloved fingers. He started to groan.
Well, if someone had been flaccid in that room before then, it was surely not the case now. Mistress slowly eased the big boy into his ass and paused for a moment.
"Keep fucking me, Miss.
"Very well then, Pet Michael."
She started to ram him in the ass hard. His balls made an audible slap, and he became vocal. It was intense, and he did not last long. Two minutes. She didn't even touch his cock.
"Oh, dear, Pet Michael. I was hoping you would last a little longer, given you are well experienced in being pegged."
She continued along the line. The air was ripe with the smell of cum and latex. Sonorous squelches and orgasms from deep within. I was taken aback by some of the dildo selections. I looked down, and I was dripping pre-cum already. Fuck it, I was so horny already. I looked to the other side of the room, and there was my roommate Nathan. He had been looking at me too. I noticed a couple of guys had left their posts to engage in a blow job in full view of everyone else. I couldn't take it.
"Do you want to..."
"Fuck, yes, I do."
I was not sure who was going to go where but I saw Nathan coming across to my table. Next thing I know, he was on his knees, touching my cock.
"Keep doing that."
I closed my eyes for a minute and felt the deliciousness of a velvet tongue wrapping around my shaft. The slightest bit of pressure as I could feel Nathan's hand having a hard grip on my girth. I wondered if he could feel the pulsating I could imagine. I went into his mouth. I hoped he enjoyed the saltiness of it and his hand went to massage my balls. "My ass...". Nathan took the lube from the black box and lubed up a finger...he then penetrated my ass hole while continuing to whiplash his tongue around my dick. Next thing I know, I jerked forward and splat. Thick, white, sticky cum all over his mouth. It was the first time a man had ever given me a blow job. There were also wet wipes available which I then used to wipe him down. We giggled. He returned to his post.
I became anxious. I knew it would be at least another hour before I would be called upon. There was no silence, just the sound of orgasm after orgasm and laughter. I was staring off into the distance when there was a tap on my shoulder.
"Pet Paul. Hello! I see you enjoyed yourself with Pet Nathan before, do you think you could perform for me?"
"Yes, Mistress"
"I got to say, I was rather looking forward to fucking your ass. You picked a good dildo there, it happens to be a favourite of mine. My very first pet I fucked...he opted for that one too. Now let me just confirm with you. Red dildo, you want to be on your back, you want to be jerked off, and you want to be gagged. Is that correct?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Fantastic, I will just get my assistant Liza to fit you with the gag you selected. I will then get you to lie down on the table with your knees up. What I will do first is making sure your anus is well lubed. I will get Liza to do for that as I need to keep my gloves clean for wanking you off."
Her words alone made me start to leak pre-cum again. Liza was the same woman who had been in the storeroom. The first thing she did was fit Mistress with the dildo. What a magnificent dildo it was too, shiny and red with a bulbous head. She took the gag from her case and told me to open wide. In slipped a small rubber cock gag. My cock, which had been somewhat flaccid before then suddenly popped. It elicited a giggle from Liza as she buckled the gag into place. I moved onto the table, flat on my back with my knees up and legs apart. I heard the ping of rubber gloves as she slipped two lubed fingers into my ass. I don't think I could have been any harder.
Mistress was poised. She quickly fondled my balls and sweet-talked to me. I could feel the tip of the dildo teasing my ass hole and I so desperately wanted to tell her to just fuck me. Patience was rewarded as she slowly guided the dildo up my ass hole. Sweat started to form on my chest. Her hips bucked as I felt my ass tighten on the dildo, which was rubbing against my prostate. Meanwhile, her hand, clad in long black latex gloves, held my cock tight, maintaining an erection. Whispers were made as I heard the squirt of yet more lube on her hands.
The cold, wet stickiness of the lube momentarily cooled me down. I needed it. I wanted to maintain speed. So far, the guys were lucky if they lasted five minutes. A hand firmly grasped my throbbing cock and glided towards my balls. Nipples were pinched. The combination of slippery rubber and the warming of the lubrication sent me into the heavens. I started to moan loudly despite the fact I was drooling like crazy. Jerking me off, fucking me hard. I tried so hard to relent, but after ten minutes, I could not hold on any more. The table rattled, as my ass clenched down on her so she could not move and I shot hot sticky cum all over her gloves. She giggled.
No words were to be said. The gloves were removed, and I was wiped down. I watched as they picked up their gear and continued along the line. I spent the rest of the time, lightly touching my cock and realising life would never be the same again.
Two hours later, it was done and dusted. All fourteen of us were lined up in a line as Mistress walked along, this time sporting white latex gloves. Visually inspecting the limp cocks of her pets. No words exchanged.
"Well, done, Pets. It took us two hours and fifteen minutes today. I based scores not only on performance but your eagerness to experience everything. I do have my top pet selected. Congratulations, Pet Paul. The runner-up is Pet Nathan. Well, done. Your cocks and asses did you proud. Tomorrow night you will be invited into my den for playtime. As for the rest of you, you will spend tomorrow night watching a pornographic film and jacking off in front of one another. Good night."
Nathan and I were giddily excited. It had been a fantastic experience, and I was definitely looking forward to spending time with the Mistress and Nathan the following night. I was exhausted, but I admit, I felt a bit special, and so did Nathan. We shared Cheshire Cat smiles on the way back to our room, and once we got back there, we were whispering in the dark.
"Can you believe we just did that? I can't. I never in a million years imagined I would suck another man's cock in front of others. But it was not like the other guys were paying attention. Fucking hell, talk about hedonistic."
"I know. I cannot believe it either. I am feeling a lot better about tomorrow. Did the rest all cum when they had their turn?"
"Yes. There was one guy who I seriously thought was going to overtake us, but he just managed to eke out an orgasm. Mistress seems to have her ways and means, and I do wonder what she has in store for us tomorrow. Do we get to sleep in the same bed with her?"
"I hope so, but is it big enough for three people?"
"Anything is possible, Paul. Think best we kip now."
The following morning I woke up, fresh as a daisy. It was a day to take it easy. So Nathan and I ended up catching a ferry to the mainland and headed for a golf course. Being Australia and during the spring, it was not too hot, and the outdoors was the best place to be. It turns out at least half the other guys had the same plan as us. We best distract ourselves. In a way, it was two-sided. As much I liked knowing I had plans in the evening, I was a little jealous of the freedom the rest of the harem had. They could get a bit drunk, watch films, play with one another. But I definitely think my option was best. I adored Mistress already. She may have been a femdom, but you knew deep down she was holding onto a secret and seemed kinder than I could have imagined.
Dinner ended up being a barbecue, which I indulged in with relish. Mistress had dressed down and joined us outside for the meal and was clearly checking out the talent who were making full use of the pool. She kept shooting me knowing glances and I could feel a tent rise in my pants. Nathan kept blushing. A couple of hours later and Nathan and I took a shower in our room.
It was time to open the package regarding that night's activities. It required another dildo selection as well as for instructions to dress in a bathrobe and knock at Mistress's door at 8:30 p.m. With some intimidation, we headed towards the bedroom and meekly knocked.
"Pets, you may come in."
There she was, resplendent in a set of red lace lingerie. It shook my inner core a bit.
"Mistress, I was expecting you to wear something more like you did last night."
"Pet Nathan, wearing latex is rather difficult. If I am not wearing that, I prefer lacy, pretty things like this. Do you like it?"
"I rather do, Miss."
"Good, I am not always as harsh as the pets think I am. I am not really into punishment or pain. Other mistresses can do that. Not me, though."
"You are right, Mistress. I was so scared of you at first. But you are nothing to be scared of."
"I am not. So, Pet Paul, I trust you made a decision with what toy to go with this time. Something different, I hope."
"The six-inch black one, Miss. Visually, I can see it having appeal. My pasty white English ass has not seen the sun for so long. I should be getting a tan while I am here."
"You are officially tuned to my station now, Pet. Well, give me a moment. I need to fit the harness. As for you Pet Nathan, just remove the robe and sit in the chair over there. Do you need a glass of water or anything?"
"Yes, please, Miss."
She smiled. Plush lips clad in ruby red lipstick. It was the kind of smile that could shatter glass. Nathan was licking his lips in anticipation. He was still not sure what his role would be, but I am sure it would involve a threesome of some sort. Mistress came back with a couple of glasses of water lest our mouths had gone dry. It was a good idea, really.
"Well, Paul, you might want to remove your robe. I see you are rather hard already. Now, I will explain why we made you choose a different dildo this time. Did you notice the hole at the top?"
"I did. I thought that was peculiar."
"You will soon see the difference. Now I want you to get on my bed on your back, with your legs apart. Much like you did yesterday. Pet Nathan, come with me and join me on the bed."
A black wooden framed bed with black and red linen. The mattress was firm, a requirement given I suspected it had seen a lot of activity in its time. I was told her bed linen was cleaned every night. In a place like that, the men gossiped like there was no tomorrow. I lay supine on the mattress and felt my muscle relax."
"Pet Paul, I did observe yesterday that Pet Nathan gave you a blow job. You ought to return the favour while I am fucking you."
Up went the boner. I was a little red in the face as Mistress giggled again. The squirt of cold lube into my ass hole again as Nathan crept ever closer to me. He watched on as I could hear more lube being squirted onto the dildo. There it was, like a black beauty. I saw the rubber tubing. Hmm.
In it went. A cock of black rubber which was slightly ribbed and tickled the inside of my ass. I felt the tip of Mistress's cock edge past my prostate where it continue to idle. It was at that moment, I took Nathan in my mouth. My tongue made velvet strokes and enveloped him in warm wetness. I am sure certain the lube was flavoured, so the transition was not so horrible. Nothing about this was awful. It was quite something to have this sparsely haired penis tickling my tonsils, and I could taste the salt already. There was a difference from yesterday. When I got my blow job the day before, Nathan had rolled a condom onto me first. That was fine. Today, we were told if we were okay with the risks, we could go condomless. It was then she spoke.
"Have you ever had someone ejaculate in your ass, Paul?"
"No, Miss. My experiences with men are limited. The blow job yesterday I got from Pet Nathan was my first homosexual experience."
"I want to squirt my seed deep in your ass, Pet Paul."
Ever had a moment where you felt like there was an endless pool of a feedback cycle? It was like that. Her blue eyes met mine as I felt her thighs slap me hard, my prostate being gradually milked. Every vein in the dildo created soft waves that stimulated the prostate in a way I had never had before. I almost wished I could have seen the head of my cock, but I know the pre-cum was dripping everywhere. A sloppy blow job can be just as attractive.
Mistress would pull the dildo out for a few seconds before plunging back into my ass. My balls began to draw up as my breathing took on a staccato rhythm. I don't know what overcame Nathan. He grabbed the back of my head, so I ended up swallowing his cock.
"Cum for me, Pet."
The pleasure came in waves from within my hips. I started jerking about and was not sure where to look. Nathan groaned loudly, and with a sharp intake of breath, he spasmed his cum all my face and lips. I continued to lick his member, and he remained stiff for a while yet. Next thing I know, I felt this wet jet in my ass. A few final thrusts and she pulled out. I was full of cum. Dripping from my mouth and my pulsating ass hole squeezed out the white cum lube which had been ejaculated from the dildo. I grabbed some wet wipes, and we cleaned ourselves down while Mistress had her back to us.
"Pets, I see you have cleaned up. I suggest we take a breather, the evening is not over yet. But I am going to step out for a moment and will swiftly return. In the meantime, recover your energy because I expect to see those cocks hard again in an hour. You will find some snacks in the cupboard over there and also some water and sodas in the fridge. Help yourself."
I needed a drink. Despite receiving a wet load, I was parched from the exhaustion of a prostate orgasm.
"So, how was I?"
"Very good. You haven't sucked cock before, right?"
"No. The closest I ever got was blowing bananas at parties when I was a student. But that is nowhere near as delicious as that was. Your cock is veiny and rather free of hair. Made a smooth ride for my tongue. You were excited, I could taste the pre-cum, and as soon as I tasted it, my penis wanted to explode."
"Well, then, I am impressed. Not that I am well-rehearsed in this sort of thing. I do wonder what Mistress is plotting next. All we were told was we needed stamina and a short refractory period."
"We sound so serious. But fucking hell, we are lucky. What the website didn't say was, once you win the top spot, you are there for the week. I believe you also will continue to have the upper hand as well. I wonder...I do wonder..."
"I wonder too...shit, she is coming back already."
There was Mistress, still wearing the strap-on. I would like to have experienced again, but then looks could deceive.
"Boys. I hope you are rested. Both of you better have your tongues ready. Come here."
We were right before her. The overpowering scent of wet pussy was unmistakable. It was then I glimpsed for the first time what her pussy actually looked like. I had not noticed it the night before or earlier, but she was sporting a full bush. Her pubic hair was poking around the sides of the harness. My mouth watered because I loved eating hairy pussy. The website stated Mistress had no preference for her pets; besides, she had no choice herself. Sometimes she shaved, sometimes she waxed and sometimes she had the fuzz.
Next thing I saw was the colour sashes in the hands as she blindfolded by Nathan and me. I heard the unsnapping of buckles and a dull thud as the dildo fell to the ground. She took my hand and placed it between her legs. This thin sheen of liquid gold-coated my fingers as I instinctively slipped a finger into her. She took the back of my head and smothered my face against her cunt. The aroma was so sexy. Crotchless panties. Fantastic.
"Pet Nathan, you can see what I am doing with Paul here. What I want you to do is please his penis while he tongue fucks me. Touch him, lick him, suck him."
She picked up our hands and led us gently towards the bed. I couldn't see anything, and I found myself flat on my back again. It was at that point Nathan had a good firm grasp on my cock, with the help of yet more lube. He had a nice touch, like a dense cloud of feathers. I so desperately wanted his lips to wrap around my penis, but my heart raced. What was Mistress going to do?
I could feel the humidity as my face was engulfed in pink wet pussy. Her pubic hair tickled my nose. I couldn't hear anything either as her thighs were wrapped around my head. Nathan tightened his lips around my stiffness, and I had this horrid feeling I was not going to last long.
My mind went elsewhere for a while. Mistress continued to rub her cunt against my face. Each swiped glazed my skin in a new layer of pussy juice. It tasted like a salted caramel of some sort -- sweet, a bit salty. There were moments where the swipe across would stop which gave me the chance to dart my tongue into her pussy and cop another mouthful of the sweet liquor. I was finding it hard to concentrate. I wanted to get her off and feared punishment if I did not. But she knew what she was doing. Eventually, she hovered idly over my lips while I sucked her clit.
I thrust my cock deep into Nathan's mouth, as a hot squirt of cum entered the back of his throat. He coughed a little but continued to lick the tip of my cock to make sure he got every single little bit of ejaculate. It was so messy, and Mistress had timed orgasm to meet mine. The ripples of pink flesh and the accompanying flood were something I was not going to forget in a hurry.
She lay on the bed, looking spent. Nathan had gotten up get another glass of water. No words were said for two minutes, but it felt like a lifetime.
"Thank you, Pets. Now, Pet Nathan, I will release you to your quarters. Liza will hand you the notes for tomorrow in the morning. As for you, Paul, I request that you sleep in the bed with me. If you want to touch me, that is fine, but we are not allowed to have intercourse. Understand that?"
"Yes, Miss"
I exploded with joy on the inside. I heard a lot of rumours about this place and one of them had been that the top pet got to share the bed with Mistress. Turns out it was true. During the night, I rolled over and saw the clock. 4 a.m. Instinct saw me put my arms around the woman next to me so I could spoon her. I did just that then immediately recoiled, fearing the repercussions. She was not my girlfriend. She was a mistress who ran an island resort in Australia with the sole purpose of pitting heteroflexible men against one another. What for? A for a week of sexual activity between her, her friends and each other. I had won the prize as the top pet, and it was my first night in her bed. Boundaries were blurred. She was roused
"Paul, why did you just flinch then?"
"Sorry, Mistress. I just didn't want to step on any toes. It has not been that long since my last relationship, and I miss the companionship. Physical intimacy."
"I am not concerned at all, Pet. Rules of the house are, if you are in bed with me, you can treat me like a girlfriend until 9 a.m. Maybe I need to write it down in the paperwork we give you. You are not the first man to freak out, thinking I didn't want physical intimacy. I do. I get lonely out here sometimes. Besides...your cock is stirring."
"You have an arousing body, Miss. I love a bigger girl. A plush bottom, thick pussy lips. Thighs to get swallowed in and hips I can hang onto. Your tits are so perky. I am stunned you do not have a significant other. Instead, you choose to please many. Myself included. Not to mention the hairy pussy. I like that."
"I do too. Put your hand between my legs, Paul. Feel me."
I slipped my hand between her legs, and she was wet.
"Fuck me, Paul."
I reached into the bedside table to get a condom. Rules had stated sexual intercourse with her required them. I was okay with that. I quickly found one and went to open it when she prised it from my hand.
"Lie back."
Okay then. The condom was a black one, and I saw her slip it into her mouth. Under a light's glow, I saw her manipulate it with her tongue, so the teat was pointing towards the hard palate. Next thing I know, her mouth was on my cock. I never thought I would experience that and prayed I would not blow my load that way. Her lips wriggled their way down my shaft as she temporarily took in my full length. When she came back up for air, there I was, with this shiny black condom making my dick look invincible. She went back to her side of the bed, and I got between her legs. There was no time to beat around the bush, I thrust my cock into her hard. We began to kiss passionately. There was a vague taste of cherry from a lip balm I noticed she used before bed. Tongues wrapped in a languid dance along with heavy breathing. Her hands caressed the skin of my back before reaching down for my ass where she took an iron grip and seemed to shove my hips so my cock would go deeper. I began to sweat and get vocal. She did too. As I began to shoot the cum into the condom, she left scratch marks on my back. Afterwards, I didn't know what to do. She held me there.
I went soft and made sure I held the condom securely as I pulled out. She looked at me and touched my face. It was like the touch of a long time lover as opposed to a dominatrix.
"Thank you, Paul. When I am on my own, I truly am on my own most of the time. Most of the pets who get in this bed with me won't touch me, and that hurts. The Mistress is just one façade I have. You seem to get through to my heart better. That is not a bad thing..."
Her voice trailed off. The vulnerability got to me.
"I am glad I could help you there, Miss."
"When you are in bed with, you need not call me Miss. My name is Charlotte."
"Nice to meet you then, Charlotte. That was special."
"It was nice. I think I ought to turn off the light once you cleaned yourself up and we get back to sleep. In the morning, I will be back to being Mistress. Tomorrow will be interesting. I know it."
Indeed in the morning, I showered in her room, got dressed, and left to have breakfast with the rest of the house. I spotted Nathan straight away and made a beeline for him.
"So how was last night with Mistress?"
"Not what I expected...but in a good way."
"Really, how?"
"I am not to say how. But it was most pleasant. She sucked my cock. We had sex. Makes me wonder how I will feel once I see her back as Mistress again."
"Okay...so the guys and I are keen to head into the city and check out a few bars and food places. Wanna come?"
"Sure"
Getting well away from the island was a good thing. It allowed me to calm down and focus on the evening ahead. We had received the paperwork. What surprised me was that Nathan and I received different instructions. So did two other guys from the harem, Graham and Alex, and we were not allowed to discuss the finer details. Still, it meant we had to report to Mistress half an hour earlier than the rendezvous time for everyone else.
I remember we entered the space designated for the debriefs. We were told to come in wearing jockstraps. I always thought such underwear was ridiculous but quickly came to appreciate their way of enhancing the penis and ass of the wearer. I was suddenly attracted to men more than I ever had before. The cock already began to stir.
"So Pets Paul, Nathan, Graham and Alex. You may wonder why I have called upon all four of you. You were the top four from Monday's games. Tonight I will also have Liza, Suzy and Nellie with me. You have met Liza before. But the other two are also close friends of mine. We will be paired off and of course, Pet Paul, you will be with me. You are in luck, you are to be pegged. But there is a difference..."
This time, we had no choice in the dildo to be used. They were all generic-looking, flesh-coloured six-inch penis ones. I had no complaints. It was like taking part in some gladiator spectacle as we were lead out to the rest of the harem. There was an arc-shaped podium with four bed like surfaces. Are we about to participate in another contest?
We stood by each bed with our assigned partner. The other ladies were just as lovely to look at, but I was pleased to find I was sided with Mistress. An audience of ten in their straining jockstraps, many were already fondling their cocks. It was allowable.
"Hello, my harem. I hear you are enjoying the island, the facilities and of course, one another. Tonight is another contest. This is our top four performers from Monday. We will bend them over and fuck them. Jerk them off. Instead of longevity, we want to see how fast they can go from zero to cumming."
Fuck. I had practised sustaining and edging for a long time now. Now it was a case of expelling that semen as soon as humanly possible.
"Top pet Paul will still keep his spot, as will Pet Nathan. But the prize is, I will get to make a plaster cast of your erect cock for my collection."
That seemed very Cynthia Plaster Caster. She was a groupie who took plaster casts of rock star penises back in the day. I did wonder where this collection was kept. All the ladies were having a good tug on our cocks as they slipped us out of the jockstraps. There we were, naked and erect. The exhibitionist in me loved this. The four of us got onto our beds and bent over.
Ready, set, go? Multiple squirts of lube for both the ass hole and cock. I felt the dildo enter my ass and again, my cock spasmed. I almost hoped I would cum off that alone but no. Hand on my cock and I could hear Mistress giggling to herself. Off we went. It felt totally different from the first time. Her thighs slapped against mine, and it felt far more sensual even though she was fucking me a lot harder than she had before. Something about that hand running rings up and down my cook, the pre-cum making it messy. It was then I felt like I was hallucinating.
As I looked out at the rest of the harem, they were all engaged in an orgy of sorts. I saw men blowing one another and even sex. Squirts of cum everywhere. If I had ever needed a push, that provided it. I came to realise how the best head I had ever received had come from Nathan. Men seemed so much better at blowing dick. The tongue was well used, suction and using the hand to jerk off at the same time. Sucking on the balls. That thought gave me what I needed, a winning spirit. Next thing I know, I let out a guttural moan, as a thick white ribbon of cum ejected from my cock into the pit below us. I was squirting like there was no tomorrow and thought I would collapse. I shot a look either side of me, and yes, I was first. Zero to go in three and a half minutes. I was having visions of seeing Mistress's hand running down the sides of my shaft and rubbing my head. The others did not finish for at least a couple of minutes later. As Mistress was cleaning up, she bent over to whisper to me.
"Why am I not surprised, Paul? I need a man like you in my life. Perhaps I would have made a cast of you after all. Maybe even with one of those make your own dildo kits so I would have a lasting memory."
There was no broadcast of the winner, and the rest of the men were released to the broader group who continued their orgy uncontrolled. The room had a whiff of cum. Again Mistress took my hand and into the room when she slammed the door shut and had me up against the wall. It was the most passionate kiss. It was like she had been hanging out for me to come back here.
"I am okay to wait a while before I make the cast. Truth be told it is not a cast I made. I do use those dildo kits. It is good for a giggle. I know I wore you out there. But I couldn't wait to have you back here. Your kisses make me wet and want more."
"Charlotte? Can I call that now? You have become very sweet. It is almost like an actress playing a role when you are Mistress, but really, being a domme is like that, is it not? Playing a part, like in a film."
"You are right. I am not one of those 24/7 dommes. Do you want to hear a home truth of mine?"
"Sure."
"I am not some solitary single woman. I do have a partner. He only lives here every second week when I am not running the program. He is actually my husband, and he dominates me. When he is here, he ties me up. Hoods me, gags me. Submits me to fucking machines, magic wands. Uses clit and nipple pumps on me, sounds my pee hole. Forces me to orgasm or denies it to me. There have been weeks where he has left me in a chastity belt all week. In many ways, it is a lot of fun. But he is not the best of husbands. I am not even sure he loves me, but I do this for myself, not just love. He allows me to run my program. I won the lottery and bought the island after I met him."
"Shit, I figured you had a special somebody of sorts. Do you love your husband?"
"I do, but something is lacking. Oh...I may get emotional and don't want to be like that."
She got down on her knees and started sucking my flaccid cock. I was a bit afraid she would choke as my cock became swollen. It was not to be. She stopped once I was hard and grabbed a tube which she slipped over a stiff dick. She poured this gel-like substance over me.
"Hold still, my love."
A few minutes later, she removed my cock and poured in a rubber-like substance before stowing it away in her wardrobe. It was the weirdest of sensations. A bit like sitting idle in a woman's cunt after sex, but it was cold. The atmosphere was anything but.
Still holding my cock, she led me to the bed...I did wonder what the night would bring.
Thursday
The shackles were off. Mistress immediately drew me towards the bed. I felt the vortex of insanity as I sat on the edge of the bed when she wrapped her lips around my cock.
This wet tongue and it's seriously wicked lashings as she took my entire length in her throat. She did splutter just a little before releasing me and focussing on the tip of my penis while her hand manipulated my shaft. Yes, it was what I wanted, but how was one to act in this scenario? She expertly sucked me off, and I felt my balls retract. I pulled out and promptly shot a pissing stream of cum all over her tits. She giggled.
"Paul, I could sense some uncertainty about what was to happen there. But I am a bit iffy about blow jobs. I prefer not to have cum in my mouth, bad prior experiences and all. So I am glad you sensed my discomfort. I do not normally deep throat either."
"I know. I don't know what I did to deserve a blow job, though."
"Enough. You are keeping me company again tonight, and that is a reward all in itself. I am looking forward to seeing how the dildo we made turns out. Good night, sweetheart."
"Good night, Charlotte..."
Pangs in my chest of romance. No, get your mind out of that mindset. A restful sleep before the dawn chorus of birds and the sun beamed in through the windows. I rolled over to find her looking at me.
"Good morning, darling."
"Good morning, Miss, am I to..."
"No, don't. Shower in here, get dressed in here. I will join you and the others at breakfast. Besides, you cannot really leave the island today. Not for today's activities. Indeed, we will be doing a lot of talking and speeches today. As well as intake of a bit more water and coffee than normal. I will watch some porn too. I want to be horny for when the time comes."
She whispered to me the plans for the day, and I was taken aback. She also told me of the plans for myself. Admittedly, out of all the activities that happened that week, it was the one I was the most afraid of when I had no reason to be frightened. One of the cardinal rules of the house was "if you don't feel comfortable with something, you don't have to do it". There was comfort in that, but her idea for me was usual for the top pet. As scary as the idea was, I was always willing to try. It would be in front of an audience.
I felt like the proudest man on earth as I took Mistress by the hand. She was dressed in a pair of leather leggings and a latex dress. As we headed towards the dining room, the gulps were audible.
"Oh, Mistress, joining us for breakfast, are you?"
"Yes, I am, Pet Joseph. Are you looking forward to the talks I will be having a little later?"
"I am. I hope it will help me not feel so guilty about being here."
There was this overwhelming sense of guilt over experiencing guy on guy sex. Most of the men had never experienced it before. As I went to sit at a table with her, she asked me to get her a large bottle of water and a black coffee with one sugar. It was odd to see her piling into some toast and bacon, talking to the other men at the table about Australia. There was her life before the island, where she had been just an office girl in a low paying job when she went down to the lottery store every Wednesday to spend a few dollars. Blind faith. Dating a guy who she still saw regularly. I knew better, that was her master. The guys seemed a little shocked she was not quite single, but she said she would explain it better. I was to ensure she drank a ready supply of water and coffee.
After breakfast, we were all corralled into the area. I then noticed something I noticed before. Men stripped bare of their jockstraps only to reveal the other thirteen guys were in cock cages. Plastic covers did not allow their cocks to grow stiff. I was spared it by winning, but the men were not the least bit bothered. I counted. All thirteen were there, I had expected some to pull out by now.
"Hello, Pets. We are halfway through the week, and I trust you are enjoying your experiences. I thought I would tell you a bit about myself. I am in my late thirties, and before I won the lottery four years ago, I worked for a publishing company as an administrative assistant. The company used to publish erotic novels, and it was through there, I met my husband. My husband lives elsewhere every second week, and he allows me to conduct my activities. Anyhow, during my week off, I do catch up on the paperwork, get medical checks and just relax. This can be stressful. But you guys have been wonderful.
Now let me just say this. Just because you have had blow jobs, hand jobs or sex with other men here does not make you gay. I do not like sexuality labels here. Sexual pleasure is just that, regardless of gender. So do not allow yourself to feel shitty about the arousing activities you have experienced here."
She continued to talk for another hour before telling an account of her own sex life outside of the island. The plot twist was revealed.
"It was a while back, my now husband and I decided to make a sex tape which did eventually end up on various websites. So here I was...stripped bare. I had my arms strapped to a table and my legs up in stirrups. Master had me in a hood, so I could not see anything. I could not speak because of the gag. So I was powerless, and I had to have my full trust in him. We had discussed the scene beforehand. This is why I always get you a bit of paperwork which is more or less a schedule. So here I was, with a giant dildo in my backside. A speculum in my pussy which was wide open and he kept talking about my cervix. There were clamps which spread me apart, and a vibrator taped to my clitoris and a sounding rod in my urethra. That part scared me the most. Did it hurt? Just a little. The nipples were clamped too. He teased me within an inch of my life while he thrust the rod in and out of there. The next thing I know, I had a huge orgasm, he removed the sounding rod, and I pissed all over him. He laughed. I was unstrapped, the hood was removed, the clamps, everything. He expected me to experience sub drop, but I did not.
It was an experience like that that shaped how events go here. Do not be afraid to try things, but there is no obligation to participate. Pet Paul knows this well, and indeed, I will demonstrate something with him a little later. Let it be said, I may well be Mistress, but I do not control you. You control me. The submissive has the power to dictate, and I do not. So may I now ask that you all lie down in the arena. Things are about to get rather messy."
The pounding in my heart as she got me to help her have one last bottle of water. Her belly was a little distended from the large intake of water and withholding the bathroom. We were about to engage in something that had forever fascinated me. Piss play. We ended up watching the video where she had been the submissive. Well, I admit, I did end up with an erection, and it aroused her. She needed that, and I had a responsibility of using a portable Magic Wand of sorts. She had a list too, with yet more options. So it began.
One by one, she started to experience pleasure by way of vibration, squatting over the guys. The first one just so happened to be Nathan, who made it clear what option he wanted. She was over his face when a stream of relatively clear piss squirted right into his mouth and all his face. So not to waste a big load of pee, she managed to piss all over another three guys before allowing herself to have an orgasm. In which case Neil, the guy who was last in that group, also witnessed her squirting all over him. He was in a world of utter glee.
There was to be a refractory period while Mistress continued to imbibe fluid, this time in the form of electrolytes. The other guys were still lying on the floor, talking amongst themselves, when Nathan returned. I was allowed to speak to him about what had happened after he had copped a load of pee.
"Liza helped me off the floor. She took me to a bathroom where I was laid on a table and had the cock cage removed. Well, I don't think I could have guessed what was going to happen. Next thing I know her hands were out. I got a rub down, I was flipped over, her hand was on my cock, and she jerked me off. I came in less than two minutes. The other two lasses were then waiting to get me in the shower to scrub me down."
See, the men did not lack pleasure of any sort.
The room took on the distinct smell of urine. Many of the pets were talking to Mistress as she pissed all over them. I felt very odd due to a perceived lack of participation, but I knew my turn would come. The jets were golden cascades and dripped all over the bodies of the men. Graham later told me it was terrific how Mistress's cunt was right over his face. Not close enough for him to lick but he could see her clit throbbing as she dumped a lot of cum on his face. He drowned in it. The aromas were highly sexed, and he cringed because his cock tried to stiffen but could not. Hence the happy ending massage was most welcome.
A couple of hours later, all thirteen had been pissed and squirted on. It was now my turn to shine. I was about to get a handjob. Not just any handjob. It was a demonstration of trust. Apparently, several top pets had refused it. The harem was invited to watch. Yep, all of them were there. I found myself strapped to a table. Mistress was holding some rope. First, she ensured my cock and balls were wrapped together. Figure eights around each testicle. I did wonder If she was going to bound my dick too, but she did not. She didn't want the rope to interfere with the "task at hand". I overheard someone in the audience comment on what a nice cock I had. Well, I didn't think it was too bad. I was cut, just over six inches and a little veiny. A slight bend. They had a good view. I was quite hard.
I had one advantage over Mistress. When she experienced this very thing, she couldn't see nor speak. I could do both. She was asking for my reassurance, and I was taken aback by the depth of clarity in her blue eyes. It didn't just make my cock sing, but she made my heart go boom too. Oh, do not go there, Paul! It was like I was trying to distract myself when I heard the ping of the red latex gloves and the squirt of cold lube as she began to masturbate me just a little. Two minutes of a constant rhythm and I was mildly embarrassed I was getting a bit vocal already. Nerves kicked in. Yet more lube, she put the focus on the head of my cock. She asked if I was ready. I was.
There it was, a lengthy, solid-looking piece of stainless steel. A Hegar sound. Yes, I was about to experience sounding, and I was rather looking forward to it. As the cold metal tip first entered my cock, I flinched just a little, and she noticed.
"How is that...Pet Paul?"
"Keep going, Miss."
Gravity and a slight push assisted with the movement of the sound down my shaft. It sat there for a while as I got used to the rather unusual sensation of having something in my penis. For a moment, I worried I would go soft, but I need not have worried when she started to slowly move the sound in and out of my cock. How can I describe how it felt? Pleasure in a different area, and it did sting just a little. Not enough for me to not enjoy it.
The sound came to a halt as her hand started working my shaft, slowly. Slowly does it. The blood was pumping as my cock began to throb from deep within. There were times I knew I would not last, and this was one of them.
The room was deadly silent bar a few audible gasps as Mistress began to slide the sound in and out of my pee hole while she continued to stimulate me. Each downward stroke made a tingling in my bladder. My balls felt like they were blue and hadn't expelled a thing in years when that was not true, I did empty the contents of my balls onto Mistress's chest the night before. In fact, I began thinking about that blow job and how her tongue teased my pee hole. It was that thought, that saw me erupt in creamy white cum all over Mistress's well-lubed rubber gloves.
"So how was that, Pet Paul?"
"Lovely. So different. So delicious...just..."
I didn't want to say anything else lest I incriminated myself.
The harem was addressed. We were told we needed to go to the city in the morning to buy tubes of lipstick. The mind boggled. As the crowd dispersed, Mistress untied my balls and wiped my limp cock down with a wet wipe.
"Best you go for a pee, Paul. In fact...come into my room. Pee on me. Then we can shower together."
Following on from her guidance, no sooner had I got into the shower with her, I held my cock as a shot of bright yellow piss landed and splashed on her erect nipples. She giggled, and we soaped each other up. It was slippery and sweet-smelling before we got to use the powdery soft towels and crawled into a freshly made bed. Once I got under the sheets, she put her arms around me. It was nice to feel wanted for a change.
As I woke, there was relatively silence bar the tick-tock of a clock in the room. Friday. Really? I was beginning to panic about having to leave the island and go back to real life. My job was stressing me out. I was lonely. I was sick of family expectations. Here, I could be myself, and I found myself deeply bound to the woman next to me. She had my balls tied up in ropes and inserted a metal road into my dick. Did it hurt? Just a pinch. I remember going for a pee on her in the shower, and there was only a slight sting. When I woke up in the morning, I did before she roused and stood before the toilet. Morning wood meant aiming was a little awkward. Without any pain, I pissed into the bowl and smiled.
When I returned, there she was. Completely nude. Not entirely hair-free. There was a bit of hair under the armpits and a slight scratchiness to her legs. I liked that. She was not some high octane sexual bitch. She parted her legs, and there was a sticky mess of sweet grool. I was hungry. I got onto the bed and wrapped her thighs around my neck just so I could breathe in the musk. I wriggled my tongue about her pussy, and she shoved herself into my face. I could live down here forever. Pink delight, wet juice, and her clit tasted sweet between my lips. I gave her an orgasm before she pulled me closer, and my cock slipped into her. Two minutes of very passionate fucking before I blew my load and wondered what I had done. Oops. Never mind!
It was a slightly different day in that we were being sent to town for a shopping trip. But the trip did not relate to the evening's activities. We were told we needed to buy a tube of lipstick and a pair of women's panties. Mistress was coming with us. Any outing involved a short ferry ride to the mainland and forms of public transport. Today we had the use of a bus. I felt like we were a bunch of geriatrics finally being allowed to escape the asylum! But no, before I knew it, we had arrived in town. Mistress told the group to disperse and meet her back at the parking tower at three. I went to go stride off when she grabbed me.
"Am I not going with the others, Miss?"
"Well, did you want to?"
"Well, if you are offering..."
"Usually, when we make this trip, I will catch up with friends, but not one of them was available today. I usually do not tag along with the boys lest I intimidate them. I know I do."
"But they don't know you like I do. Where do you want to go?"
"Elsewhere."
I do not remember the rest of the day well because it was just like going into the city with a girlfriend. We had to go shopping. We had lunch. Indeed, I spent lunch with her hand feeling my cock through my shorts under the table! I returned to the rendezvous point with a raging hard-on. Nathan spotted me. I felt like I had barely seen him.
"Where did you go off to?"
"I went and had lunch with Mistress."
"Do you think she does that with all the top pets?"
"I am inclined to think so."
Blatant lie. Anyhow, we had a bunch of men well refreshed with bags of shopping. It turned out Nathan too, was not looking forward to going back to Brisbane.
"Being here has made me realise I am not as straight as I thought I was, and that is okay. I have been getting to know Graham quite well. We often go back to our quarters and lock the door. He licks my ass hole, fucks my ass. I love it. I think I might be more attached to him than I should be. He is also married."
"Happily?"
"No, separated from his wife after he supposedly slept with her brother. Messy family situation. It turns out he is a Queenslander too. I don't quite know what to do. We didn't come here to fall in love, did we?"
"No, but then it is a natural side effect..."
"Hmm, the mind ponders. How are you going to feel going to the UK if you are falling in love with someone who is not quite available? It is not just the fantasy you are falling for is it?"
"No. I swear I know Charlotte better than any other Pet that has gone into that bedroom. The things I could tell you...maybe on Monday morning when we are leaving. Gossip flies here."
I did not want to think about that. Before I knew, it was playtime again. It was time to spend in the company of four gorgeous women who also happened to be close friends. Charlotte, Liza, Nellie and Suzy. All aged in their mid-thirties and resisting the movement of time. Four women in rather sultry lingerie. A flimsy black lace bra, a crotchless thong with stockings and heels.
We were in groups of three. I, of course, was naturally paired with Mistress, along with Nathan and a guy called Cameron. I started to feel perhaps a little uncomfortable about sharing Mistress with the others, but I had to hide that feeling. In closed-off quarters, yet you could hear the other pairs. Free for all?
I cannot say I enjoyed it a great deal. Do not get me wrong. There was plenty sexy about it. We all had our hands on Mistress, grabbing at her tits, running a finger between her slit. She was, of course, wet. A lot of kissing all over the body and the fondling of each other's cocks. None of us fancied a double penetration scenario. I knew she was not overly fond of it. I do not imagine myself as being manipulative. Somehow, I managed to get Cameron to slip his cock into her mouth. She was lost to the scene and happily slurped and sucked away at his dick. I didn't care. I had the situation I wanted.
Today was the day I lost my anal virginity to a man. I trusted Nathan with that job, he was a lot more experienced than me. He waited until I had made my first dive into Mistress, who was that wet, the sheet underneath was soaked. Next thing I know, I felt a cock at the entrance of my ass. Wriggling slightly...next thing I know, my ass had swallowed him whole, and I remember the distinct ping of balls hitting me in the thighs, much like mine were hitting Mistress's. Nathan was whispering to me to make sure I was comfortable. I was. We used a hell of a lot of lube. The big difference was feeling the minute pulsations of blood in Nathan's cock penetrate the thin lining of my ass hole. Of course, he was wearing a condom. , but the sensitivity was enough for me to know it was not a dildo fucking me, but flexible and rather yummy feeling flesh. Cold lube was replaced with a warm firmness and the tickle of hairy balls. Admittedly, it made it hard for me to concentrate on fucking Mistress, and I wanted to blow.
I looked on with interest when Cameron went to ejaculate. I noticed Mistress was trying to make it, so he did not do it in her mouth. But off he went as this squish of white sticky goo went all over her mouth and face. She looked like she was enjoying it. That was enough for Nathan and me to let loose. I fucked her pussy hard a few more times, and I did wonder where I was going to cum. I had a condom on so there was no mess to be made unless I pulled out and ejaculated all over her. Well, fuck it, I pulled out, and my throbbing cock only just let the condom escape before I shot jets of cum all over her stomach. She smiled at me as I heard Nathan grunt as he promptly shot his wad into my ass. Fucking hell.
I was hit with acute guilt. Us boys were told to go shower in our rooms. I did that, and it felt very foreign as I had not showered in that room since Tuesday night. There was to be a respite, and I felt bad. Indeed, afterwards, I went outside into the gardens. I wanted to be alone. I had my journal with me. Communication with the outside world was blocked, but we were allowed to keep written journals.
"Right now, I am feeling a bit remorseful. I just had the most fantastic foursome. I have no complaints about that. But it was that moment when people wanted to orgasm. The right thing for me to do would have been to cum in her. I dearly want to cum in her without a rubber, but no can do at the moment. But what did I do? A move generally seen in pornographic films. I came on the outside. Given what Charlotte had told me about not wanting cum on her face after past abuses, to see it happening made me a little heartbroken. She took it well, but I could almost tell how much she disliked it. Sex is a lot of acting and bullshit sometimes.
I fly back to England in a week and a bit because I am going to spend some time in Sydney before I leave. I am not looking forward to it. I have loved spending time with the guys and enjoying all sorts of sexual pleasure and camaraderie. I sensed no jealousy bar a bit of it just then. But Charlotte...what to do, what to do."
The cooler air was welcome when I heard a familiar footstep. There my lover was, wrapped up in a blanket.
"Paul..."
"Charlotte?"
"I noticed afterwards you had disappeared. Are you okay, Pet?"
"I am just overwhelmed by all of this. I have to perform again, don't I?"
"Do you not want to?"
"Oh, trust me, I do. Any chance to get my prostate milked again. I have never had an orgasm like it before. Nathan fucked my ass, which blew my mind. To find the rubber replaced by a cock. A hard one, something capable of fluidity and movement and physical reaction."
"Oh, good. Well, are you ready? Minor plot twist but..."
She whispered the final part of the night's equation. "Oh...I know a good candidate for that task. Hopefully, he will say yes."
A handjob was not quite the right term for it.
Evening activities always took place before an audience who either watched or engaged in their own sexual activity. Sound the alarm! Well, there was no alarm, but it seemed to attract the audience when I saw the person I was going to subject some kind of sexual thing. It sounded slightly evil, but it was not, and of course, it would rely on his compliance. It was remarkably easy to get people to do things here. I wondered...when the men went back home, did they continue exploring or did they just notch it up as a once in a lifetime thing?
I found myself up on the podium again while Mistress put a black cock ring around the base of my dick. I was only semi-hard, and that was okay. It was then the call to arms was raised.
"Okay so I know we had our little fun today with the girls. Must have made a nice change...now Pet Cameron, I know you were a cheeky shit and decided to cum in my mouth. Can I make you take the cum of Pet Paul here?"
"Yes, Miss."
Payback?
The audience didn't have a full view. I admit, during the day I often shut myself in my quarters with a toy, trying to cum without touching my cock. I had not quite succeeded yet, but I was getting close. Mistress had the chance of a rather pink vibrator that looked extremely familiar.
Remember how a dildo was made of my cock days earlier? Here it was. I was literally about to be fucked by my own dick, bent over, with the slicks of lube slathered liberally over my ass hole and the toy. Cameron was made to be on his knees in front of me. I know I chuckled then. In the toy went, slowly inching towards my prostate area. I knew when she had hit the sweet spot. My ass had relaxed to allow the full length of the vibrator, which was sending pleasurable warmth through my groin. She did not touch my cock at all. In, and out, in and out...
"I hope you can feel those P waves, Pet Paul...I am expecting a big load of cum from you."
Cameron was looking right at my cock. He was anticipating something. I need not have waited long to become fully erect as the pressure and intensity within my groin increased. I leaked a little precum which landed on his lips, and he licked it off with his tongue.
It is tough not to touch your cock during this. The body began to quiver. Every muscle in my pelvis started to contract violently. I let out a gasp and a thick white ribbon of cum was ejected out of me and all over Cameron's pretty face.
"Drink up, Cameron."
I didn't stop. I kept going as my cocked wriggled about shooting out streams of the hot sticky mess all over him. My cock started to subside while the last loads of cum dribbled out. The dildo was removed. I stood there, completely out of breath as Cameron massaged my cum into his body. I made a right mess of him. He did not seem to mind.
I had come to the island having only played a little with butt plugs. Now I had given and received blow jobs with men, been sounded and had an orgasm without touching my cock. It was bedtime. The rest of the house, however, participated in some game of guess the cock. It involved the men standing in line with flaccid dicks while the other guy was blinded folded and by fondling and sucking, tried to guess who was who. I rather liked that idea of a game. But I had another agenda at stake.
I didn't want Mistress to be privy to my feelings of angst about leaving. I went to shower when she joined me.
"Do you like my hairy pussy, Paul?"
"I do. When I kiss you down there, the perfume is most amazing."
"Will you shave me?"
"Do you want me to?"
"Yes, Pet."
We had a shower. Enough to rinse the sins away and ensure the hair down south was soft and easier for shaving. Once we stepped out, I found the shaving foam, a razor, a bowl for some water and some wipes. We lay a towel down on the bed and her legs part for me. I took it while I could. Visually, she had this beautifully dark fuzz which was like the perfect wrapping for the pinkness underneath. I squirted the foam on here being careful not to let too much get onto her sensitive bits. Razor in hand, I started shaving. Very slowly, very carefully. She threw her head back as the breathing became heavier. Each stroke of the blade revealed more of the vulva that had been hidden. It was just as stunning hairless. I sponged water over here to wipe the foam away and use a wipe to remove any of that slipped down her slit. I slipped a finger in.
"Shame to let that wetness go to waste."
"Fuck me, Paul."
I did just that.
I felt the lovemaking stain on the bottom sheet. As the morning sun started to flood the room, I looked on at the woman next to me, still oblivious to her surroundings. Not a spot of makeup. Peachy cheeks, full lips and long lashes with a few freckles here and there. Cute by definition. I was going to miss her a lot. I could feel the tears welling up and tried to think about the day ahead. It was going to be my turn to take part in the masculine sex games the others had been getting up to.
I have heard about the "Put The Tongue On The Dick" game, where the men were in a line, flaccid (or some were stiff, depending on how aroused you were). One man kept score, the other was blindfolded and encouraged to go down the line. Fondle penis and balls. Use the tongue and mouth to explore. As he went down the line, the erections began to pile up. Once he had guessed, the next person would be picked, and the line would rearrange. It always ended up in a blow job orgy. That idea saw my cock grow stiff as I pottered about the room. I decided to escape for some fresh air and to join the guys for breakfast.
The evening's plan was not quite a game. It involved sexual activity and some photography as a form of keeping some prosperity about the week. When you left, you were left with a little reminder of what had been. I did wonder if Mistress would rise. It was not until after breakfast, I went outside in the sun. A few of us were there. I got a huge fright when I saw a white horse with a woman on it. A nude woman bar the boots and helmet. Wonders never cease.
"Are we having a Lady Godiva moment, Mistress?"
"Yes, Pet Paul. On Saturday mornings, I like to visit the stable down the road. I am quite friendly with the couple that owns it. They allow me to take Seaspray out for a ride every Saturday morning. They know I do it nude too. Well, not in the middle of summer. I would rather not burn my pale skin."
"What a sight, and not been arrested for public nudity?"
"When I first came to the island, there was a lot of NIMBY type stuff because they thought I would bring nefarious types to the island. Have I had any issues? Apart from one thief at the start, there has been nothing of the sort. I figure if you have the financial means to do this, you must be doing something right with your life. But they seem the economy boosted here. I mean you guys take the ferries, and I know you raid the only shop on the island for chocolate bars. I am guilty of that too."
"I would love that. Sitting on my deck with a cup of tea and newspaper to see a curvy goddess upon a white horse."
"It need not be a fantasy, it can be a reality."
She rode off to take the horse to the stable. Did I just imagine that? I went back to drinking the cup of tea I had. No newspaper but there was journal writing to be done.
"So we leave in about 48 hours. That kills me inside a bit, and I do not quite know how to say goodbye to Charlotte. She is far more vulnerable than I thought, and perhaps I am too. I will also leave with many friendships, including that of Nathan's. We do spend a lot of time together outside of playtime, and he is into a lot of the same things I am. I hate football with a passion and prefer rugby. He does too. Both fond of cricket in the summer, cooking, wine, things like that.
I liken this experience to going to the gig of a band you really love. Only to find yourself backstage and seeing things very differently. Did I know a lot about Charlotte before I came here? Not really, though she was frequently mentioned on fetish websites as being a consummate femdom of the highest quality. I knew nothing of her personal life, like her being married. Her marriage is not happy. I do not think it is because of what she does for a living. I just think they were not a good match for each other. She tells me she is this bright and vibrant creature during play week, but when the husband is at home, he wants to stay in and do nothing. I think love has died, but I cannot interfere."
It was a day mostly spent out on the water with the guys, with more fishing, golf and general sightseeing. I loved being where we were because it was close enough to civilization yet secluded enough. As I slapped on the sunscreen, my mind turned to the evening. Don't burn your lips, you will need them.
Time to go make yourself look pretty, boys.
I was back in my quarters. We all pulled out our plastic shopping bags. It was not just women's underwear and lipstick we needed, there were also requests for pretty shoes. I pulled out my wanton selection.
"Where did you go, a sex shop or something?"
"Well, of course. I was with Mistress, but I chose my stuff when she was getting cash out."
Graham piped up. "Yeah, because no way in hell a pair of shoes and panties like that came from a department store."
A pair of rather severely heeled red patent leather stilettos. How the fuck was I going to walk in those? Admittedly, back home in England, I had faffed about the house wearing my ex-girlfriend's shoes. A pair of red lace crotchless panties. I chose a ruby red lipstick. I did wonder what would become of the lipstick if it was only ever intended to be used once.
Liza was the sidekick. Charlotte's best friend who was a photographer in her day to day life, usually taking snaps of families and especially babies. Every Saturday every second week, she spent an hour or so at the island taking photos of the soon to depart harem in their girly finest.
We were in line with various heights of heels, multiple fabrics and every shade of lipstick imaginable. Yes, some of us looked less than great, but we all had huge smiles. Happy to express that side of us as per Mistress's wants. We were yet to see her come back from her horse riding. Snap went the camera and then we were asked to stand upright hands behind the back. Imminent danger? I think so.
I swore I popped a boner the minute I saw her. A pair of thigh-high black rubber boots, a pair of arm-length rubber gloves. A leather slave collar snug around her neck. Lips emblazoned with a high definition shade of fire engine red. Fucking hell, she had a body that was a dream. Perhaps I had not appreciated it so well, despite the fact we had been intimate so many times already.
"Well, well, well, my harem. Don't we look beautiful? I trust you are feeling well. I will need to check you are feeling well myself."
She trotted past the line. She was fondling each cock and balls through their panties. You know dominoes fall in a cascade. These were hard-ons in a cascade going up. I was midline and watched as she either pulled down their panties to have a hard cock spring out or she reached in and pulled it, so the elastic waistband was snug around the shaft. I wonder what she would do when she reached me.
She saw me and smiled. I swear to God, even a man as hard as diamonds would fracture with the genuine warmth of that smile. I felt the flaps of my panties fall wayside and felt a wet gloved hand. Lube? Well, Liza was walking with her and probably squirted some in her hand as they approached me. I didn't just cop a feel. She started to wank me off just a bit as she came in really close. Her tits were in my face. She licked her lips in anticipation, then released my cock and continued.
I went red in the face as I was left with a stiff dick leaking pre-cum. Once we had all been examined, Liza took another photo before she and Mistress brandished blindfolds. We were all closed off from view and told to sit and wait. Names were drawn out of a hat. One by one, we were picked up and assisted to a position in a circle. One by one, the blindfolds were removed.
To my left was Josh, who I had gotten to know over a few beers on Tuesday afternoon. Most likeable chap. To my right was Neil. With our shoes off, girly panties still pulled down, Mistress sat in the middle of the circle.
It felt so natural. It was a blow job daisy chain. That meant you sucked the cock of the person on your right while the person on your left was sucking your dick. The purpose of the lipstick? To make a right mess on the cock, you were sucking and in effect leaving a ring of colour that would indicate who blew you.
It was by far one of the most erotic things I have done. I hadn't sucked Neil's cock before. He was on the smaller side but quite wide and very smooth. He felt like a fancy hot chocolate in my mouth with his shaft sliding easily passed my well-lubricated cheeks. At the same time, my cock was twitching in the mouth of Josh, who had quite firm suction and rather liked playing with my balls. I caught a glimpse of Mistress. Pinching her nipples and occasionally fingering her pussy. I do not doubt for a moment it was arousing for her as this ring of fourteen men again had the domino effect. I started to shake, and quiver and Josh held on firmly as I squirted my load down his throat. He took it so well. He retreated and then he had his own orgasm. Neil followed a minute and a half later. I aimed his cock at my mouth as his salty ball liquor coated my lips and cheeks. I can still picture his cock contracting violently. The noise in the room was sonorous with the male orgasm. Within twenty minutes, all fourteen of us have cum. It was time for a final photo. We were back standing in line, flaccid dicks painted in shades of red, purple and pink and cum strewn bodies.
Next thing I know, our cum stained bodies were covered in phrases written in our lipsticks. I glanced at my body with "cum lover", "cock sucker" "teacher's pet" and "Slave to dick" on mine. Mistress was not going to miss out. While no one could write on her, she too wrote some humiliating phrases on the worn bodies of the harem. When it came to me...
"Much loved pet" with a love heart next to it. When I saw the heart be scribed, I looked at her, and she looked at me. I wanted to kiss her so badly. The heart ached. Fucking hell, I only get two more nights with her.
You know the day of the cock caging, how the men had a shower with assistance afterwards? It was like that this time without the happy ending massage. We were all in fresh bathrobes, sans the lipstick mess, as we gathered in the arena, awaiting an audience with Mistress.
"Well, done, my harem. I enjoyed that a great deal. We are all fresh and tidy now, and I know you are really not looking forward to going back to your boring lives. I hope this experience has enriched you somewhat. I started this program so men could explore sexual avenues in a safe and fun environment with a competitive edge. You are by far the most interactive harem I have had. I have seen so many close friendships develop and I do believe even love may have blossomed."
She looked right at me then. Boom went the heart.
"Well, like a harem, you have seen me orgasm a few times now. Pet Paul, I would like to invite you up here. Eat my pussy."
Wow, could you be more direct? I went up there and once I was before here..on my knees no less...I took in what I could.
Her dark hair cascaded in waves. It framed her heart-shaped face with the sapphire blue eyes, the broad nose and the full cupid bow lips perfectly painted in a lover's shade of red. Instinct took over, and I kissed her. Very passionately. She took my face in her hands and responded. Tongues dancing with one another as my hand started to trickle down her body. Such full breasts, perky and perfectly suited for the palm of my hand. Stiff nipples that responded to my touch. I broke the kiss off so I could send a march of tiny kisses down her belly. She had a small tummy, a pad of softness I could comfortably rest my head on. Hands skirted the wide child-bearing hips. She was breeding material. I admit I did think about impregnation when we had sex.
Her piano playing hands and horse riding legs were clad in the shiniest of rubber. Chunky delicious thighs bound in black. The perfect frame for a hairless pussy whose wetness left a glittering trail on the seat she was on. Perfectly poised and pink as I held my tongue out to cop a mouthful. Spreading her vulva apart, I had full access to the clitoral hood as I made wet and constant strokes with my tongue. She started to moan and pinch at her nipples. I was wriggling around her cunt, taking in the sweet perfume. I spread her as much as I could as I started to suck on her clit. It was at that moment, I slipped two fingers into her. She arched her back as I felt her tighten around my fingers. She didn't want to let me go. Flicking tongue, a throbbing hard clit in my mouth. I felt the vibrations from within. Wait for it...
I knew where her G Spot was. Next thing I know, she called out my name and my face was hit with a full flood of fluid. I made her squirt. I was engulfed in the most fantastic blaze of glory, much like icing a cake. My face glazed with pure pussy juice. She started to giggle, and the harem clapped.
"Fucking hell, Paul. I know you are good at sucking cock but fuck me dead, you are a champ at licking pussy too!"
After that, it was bedtime. Charlotte grabbed my hand and took me into the room.
"Feel this?"
Hand on the chest. Her heart was beating fast."
"That heartbeat...spark has been missing in my life, and you provide it in spades. I am going to miss you a lot."
"I will miss you too, Charlotte. Where have you been all my life?"
"Here. There. Everywhere?"
"Let's not think about that and think ahead. I am tired, how about you?"
"I am. I just want to take the rubber and makeup and sleep. I don't want to shower again, and neither do you. The bed will be scented with the orgasm you gave me."
How profound. We got into bed and cuddled....fuck my life.
Sunday, I can hardly believe it. The day was planned as a free for all. Where the men were encouraged to take advantage of the last day of being able to have sex with other men in a safe environment. What a fantastic service, really. I had no idea I would end up being the top pet and getting all the spoils of the title. A far more personalised and intimate experience than I could have imagined. I had one more night with Charlotte. Be still he beating heart, along with mine.
I went and sat in a chair by the window. A cool breeze was passing through. We had been blessed with beautiful weather, high upon on a hill overlooking the water. Little other signs of life though there were plenty of fishing boats. I took in what I could because by 9 am tomorrow morning, the harem would depart. Could I live here? Perhaps. It was not financial motivation, but I yearned for a slower pace of life, and it could be found here despite the frenetic view of an orgy environment. You could hear the house waking up as men took showers, had breakfast and engaged in lively conversation with one another. The talk today revolved around what would happen post-program.
I ended up showering and heading out. A bit of toast with an orange juice. We were well fed. A day without plans felt dangerous in a way through the top pet always had plans with Mistress that evening. More sensual plans. I wrote in the diary again.
"I realise this, in reality, is a false environment. It is not the norm to find yourself in relative isolation with only a few to keep you company. The only woman usually in residence has chosen you to be her nighttime companion for the week. So why should I question the feelings I have? This environment amplifies things. Make things seem way more intense than it should.
I know I am heading back home with a heavy heart, but it is part of the experience. I worry about tonight. Not worried about what I get up to with her. That, I look forward to, but I am afraid of words I do not want to here because it will smash the heart to bits. Fuck life, right. Still, I am forever grateful I got to be here. Nathan is already planning a trip to the UK in six months, so we can hang out, and hopefully, Graham will tag along. Those two are planning on having a relationship outside the house. Good for them, I am so excited!"
The day was casual, but I had heard of an unwritten tradition that took place on the final day of the program. It involved the top pet receiving a punishment of some sort. Given the nature of the day, I knew people engaged in a lot of group sex. Rule of thumb was to just wear your jockstrap. That was an item you could take home. It had your name on the front, and you knew you had good times with that piece of underwear. It made your ass available, and it was easy to slip your cock out of.
In the corner of the living room, I found myself confronted with Nathan, Graham, Joshua, Cameron and someone I have not mentioned yet, Gene. You see, I had cordial relationships with the other thirteen men but some I had not spent vast tracts of time with. I usually hung with Nathan, Graham and Neil as they were my roommates -- well at least for night one. Yep, the rumours were right. The top pet will be punished in a rather sexual way.
I had before me the five men wearing jockstraps and touching themselves.
"Paul, as the top pet, I believe punishment is due for all the bodily sins you have committed with Mistress. I believe you two have been at it like rabbits in that boudoir of hers."
"Gene? Yes. I cannot deny that. We are very well acquainted as lovers. As the top pet would be, I did win the competition after all."
"But you have missed out on our horseplay."
"Put The Lips On The Dick? I know about that one. What else, though?"
"We had Lick, Suck, Fuck while was a bit like spin the bottle but with a twist. Things like arm-wrestling matches but with stiff dicks instead. Races to see how could cum the fastest. Stuff like that."
"Well, I was otherwise indisposed, and no one can blame me for that but Mistress."
By then, the other four guys were starting to kiss me all over. A throbbing cock in my jockstrap. Yeah, that won't be on for long, I think. Indeed, Gene had started to touch my dick with his hand slipping in easily. A nice firm stroke as the blood rushed in and my erection became stronger. I had Nathan kissing me on the mouth, with a lot of fluid tongue echoing the spirit of a long wet fuck. Graham worked on the inside of my thighs with ticklish kisses, and Joshua rubbed his cock on my face. Nathan soon broke free, only to be replaced by the long thick dick of Josh, whose cock I had sucked the day before. Oh lovely. I had Gene squirt a bit of lube into my ass hole then he fingered me. Graham was down there too. He had moved from my thighs to the shaft of my cock. Nathan started rubbing his dripping cock on my body, and the same could be said for Cameron, who started licking my nipples. I heard the ripping of a condom packet, another squirt of lube and then felt the very tip of Gene's penis enter my ass hole. Ooh, it was delicious. Especially given, Joshua had started to suck my cock. The other two continue to lick and pinch my body all over. Who the fuck was going to cum first?
The boys had this planned well. They had given Joshua the job of being fellated as he was capable of cumming very fast from it. His cock had continued to leak a saline taste on my tongue. I felt my ass stretch wide and feel the pleasure of fullness that came from having a hard cock thrusting. Gene was fucking me hard. Graham continued to slurp and suck my dick. Joshua held my face as he squirted the white ribbons of semen all over my face and mouth. Yes, I did stick my tongue out like one of those porn films. Dirty filth I am.
The double load of pleasure I gained from both my cock and ass was like a race. Both Cameron and Nathan just stood over my body, wanking. Gene was hitting my prostate nicely when I felt the pressure build. Suddenly there was this eruption of cum all over Graham, who started to splutter. I should really have told him prostate milking results in big loads. My cock went a bit flaccid as Graham continued to fuck me. Then came something I had not expected. Nathan came by holding a semi-erect dick. Holding his cock in his hand, he sent a stream of yellow piss into my mouth and face. It was like a salty waterfall which continued to pummel me as Gene sent the last load of thrusts deep into my ass. I was to cum again, when the jet of cum managed to hit Cameron on the other side. I would have loved to have squeezed the cum from my ass hole, but we were safe, of course. Finally, Nathan stopped peeing before he and Cameron stood next to one another. The rest of us knelt before them, tongues out while they masturbated to orgasm. Yet more cum for our faces.
I felt like a proper cum slut! Nothing like a nice warm shower to rinse off. I needed to. After dinner came the final night with Mistress. I had not really seen her all day. When I came into her room, she was naked on the bed. Fucking hell, she was hot.
"I hear you were involved in the top pet cum slut orgy today. Something tells me you have a taste for cock."
"I do, Miss."
"I am glad you are here now. See the massage table? Tonight is about sensuality. You will use coconut oil to give me a rub down. The only issue with the oil is, of course, it can destroy condoms. Well, I do have the non-latex ones for that purpose."
"I know we slipped up with condoms a few times."
"I know, and I feel bad about that. But I am on birth control and well...we can get tested if we feel the need to. I run that risk doing something like this. No one is perfect."
"I am just glad it is the sort of place that largely observes safe sex."
"Me too, I should have been a condom poster girl. I admit, I rather like seeing a hard cock in a sheath of rubber. Appeals to me on so many levels."
"So do you want to get onto the table? Just in a position, you feel comfortable in."
Once she was on the table, it was time to admire that body before it would be glossed to perfection by the sweet smell of coconut. She was looking right at me, trusting me to do the right thing. That is a mighty jarring thing when you consider the amount of trust I had put in her over the week. The woman was responsible for my first pegging experience, my first threesome, sounding, prostate milking. If she had that trust for the man who was now her distant memory of a husband, she should have it in me too.
The oil melted onto the skin in a blissfully delicious way, allowing hands to sculpt the collar bones. We were doing the front first. Sweeps were made down the sides of her body when I noticed the insane curvature of her waist. A supple belly and full breasts which reacted. The massaging was gentle as she had informed me she due to have her period. Hence they had become a little tender. She found the massaging a great relief as I then kneaded her thighs. I was not going near her pussy yet. She lifted her legs as I ran my hands underneath. Hands went down past her calves and got into the hidden corners of her feet. The breathing was heavy with relaxation. I asked her to turn over.
I rubbed a sore neck and even massaged her earlobes which made her giggle. I worked out the knots of her shoulder blades and followed a trail down her spin before the dip. There it was. A perfectly rotund ass which I grabbed with both hands. Through the legs again, when I couldn't resist her backside. I planted a kiss there when she lifted her ass into my face. It was an invitation. I prised her ass cheeks apart, and there it was -- something I had not yet seen. A tight, puckered ass hole. My fingers still sufficiently lubricated I slipped my middle finger in there, and she sighed. The ass ground against me, she wanted it deeper. I felt hesitation in what I was doing like I was crossing a line. I pulled my finger out and continue to massage the perineum. Yes, she was wet.
Once again, I spread her ass apart. I dove straight in with my tongue. I kissed and licked her ass hole which reacted, and she started to moan ever so sweetly. Again this was a first, I had never rimmed a woman before. I knew what I wanted...
"Charlotte, get off the table and come here."
She turned around and shot me a look. There was a mattress of sorts on the floor. No sooner had she got off the table, we were interlocked in a kiss and touch until she ended up on the mattress. Head back, I was between her legs. Yeah, be careful because you are leaking already. A hard cock pressed up against a wet cunt.
"Fuck me in the ass."
I went to grab the box by the bed which had the rubbers. I do not think I had ever torn a condom packet open so quick in my life. There was plenty of lube around. Well, fuck here goes nothing. I slowly inserted my cock into her ass. There was not a lot of give. Fucking hell, I was in love. I thought about that as she took the full length of my dick. It was a slow groove. I had never had such passionate sex in all my life. For once in my life, it felt more like lovemaking as opposed to sex. Who cares if it was in her backside. I was not to last long, as it was languid and beautifully slow. I came in her and didn't want to escape. A girl does not go without an orgasm I went down on her.
We eventually ended up on the bed. I didn't sleep at all that night. We spent the evening looking at a starlight sky shimmering on the water. She started to cry.
"I have been doing this for a long time. I never form a deep emotional bond with any of the pets. That was until I met you. Perhaps I did not realise my life was missing something. I felt happy. I mean, this is the stuff dreams are made of. Here I am providing this form of adult entertainment for men. Introducing them to new things. They go home on a Monday morning. My husband is back by lunchtime. I then become a housewife. I do office stuff for the business, but I am back to being the ever dutiful wife who has to have dinner on the table by six. He never used to be like that. I ask if he resents the fact I sleep with other people. Well, can I say another home truth?"
"Of course."
"Before you, I would, of course, invite the pets in here for the week. We do threesomes. We do the performance show pony stuff. We do the massage at the end, but there is no sex involved. The other pets never engaged in sexual intercourse or oral sex, heaven forbid anal sex when in my room. I almost preferred it that way. I thought you were going to be like the others. Until that first night, you were here, and you went to spoon me. You did for a few minutes before you recoiled, scared I would punish you for it. No, you were imparting some sort of affection towards me. I have forgotten what that feels like."
"You wrote "a much-loved pet" and a love heart in lipstick on me yesterday. You said to me how my fantasy could be a reality. You had me pee on you. I wanted to rip Cameron off you when he decided to cum in your mouth, but then, he doesn't know you like I do. Like I was any better, I came all over you and not in you. I would rather cum in you. That is where I belong."
"Are you going back to Leeds?"
"Unfortunately, I am. I have a life in the United Kingdom that I have to go back to."
"I don't want you to go."
"But you are married, Charlotte. You need to sort out the stuff with your husband first. It could be messy. How can I trust any of the feelings I have? I love you, Charlotte. Fucking hell, I do not fall in love this quick, and it makes me think it is only because of this pressure cooker environment."
"Why do you think I do not want you to leave me, Paul? Because I love you. You are right. You need to go back to your life and perhaps forget this all happened. I am sure I will in time. Time heals wounds. I need to sort shit out with my husband. I have wanted a divorce for a while now. "
"You are not angry with me, are you?"
"No. I am not. Whatever will be, will be."
"I didn't say that to throw you off my scent. It is just complicated, that is all. I am still going to be in Australia another week, then I will go home. Trust me when I say this, I am going to spend the next week wondering what you are doing. How happy you will be when you spend time at the stables with Seaspray. I just hope you will be happy and can sort the mess out."
"Seaspray may well be a horse, but I do not have children. My husband didn't want them. It is the closest thing I have to a child, something I can nurture. I have had that horse since she was a filly. I will think of you too. Most likely, in the mornings. Having someone roll over and smile is a novelty all in itself....make love to me?"
We had sex several times that night. It did not make the parting any easier. Without a wink of sleep, at 6 a.m., we both got up to shower. The room smelled like the tropics with the coconut oil and her banana scented body wash. I left to attend to my quarters and pack up the rest of my stuff. We were all feeling quite morose about going. When we were all sitting in the arena, there was Charlotte back as Mistress.
"So it is time for goodbyes, my pets. I trust you enjoyed yourselves as did I. Quite the eye-opening experience. So I have with me the photos from the other night. Plus a few other things to remind you of your time here."
I had to pretend I was like one of the others. We were then taken out to the boat to head for the mainland. She hugged each of others and it when it came to me, her steel exterior broke. She started to sob. I saw Nathan and Graham looking on bemusement.
"Thank you, Charlotte. It was the best week of my life."
"So this is goodbye, Paul...thank you. It was a real blessing."
I spent the following week in a state of disarray before I returned to Leeds.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I am writing this from an office. It has been three years since I visited Sugar Island, and my life has changed a great deal. Upon my return, I questioned everything I was doing in my life when a chance opportunity came up.
These days, I am an educator on sexual matters. Namely allowing men to feel comfortable with exploring things such as urethral and anal play. I was a newbie at it once, and I teach classes as well as running retreat programs. The view I can see is my wife upon a white horse called Seaspray. Our daughter Skylar is two years old and already learning about horse riding because of her mother.
Her mother is Charlotte. My wife is Charlotte. Within three weeks of returning to England, I received an email. Charlotte had asked for a divorce which was granted. It turns out her husband had been thinking the same thing. Within three months, Sugar Island closed for business as I returned to Australia to pick up where I left off.
I still remember the day she was there to meet me at the airport. We both burst into tears. Sugar Island was not dead and buried. She is still Mistress to me on occasion. Much like she calls me Sir Paul on occasion. Instead of Charlotte being the Mistress of Ceremonies and holding games, we still have groups of men swing by to experience same-sex pleasure, as well as being educated on sexual matters. It turns out Charlotte had been studying sexual psychotherapy when I met her. We also run workshops for heterosexual and transgender couples and deal with sexual dysfunctions.
It was not perfect. But here I am. It was never financial motivation as I worked out how to incorporate myself into Charlotte's life. I somehow managed. Love found a way. Right now? My tea has gone cold, and a tear runs down my face when I see Skylar running towards me. Charlotte was childless and not by choice. Together, we could make that dream a reality.
And yes, I still love to be pegged, sounded, milked and the rest of it!