"And that, my fellow medical professionals, is why we as a group of medical doctors who are engaged in frontline discoveries and treatments have an obligation..." The speech had become a drone drowned out by a fighter drone and static. I had to put my earbuds in and cranked out some Depeche Mode to get myself through this bullcrap. There was never anything of value at these symposiums, they are mandatory in-service continuing education requirements by the state. I was in my seat near the back when a gorgeous redhead who I've never seen before locked eyes with me. She was in her late thirties. The white lab coat she was wearing made her hair color and her blue eyes pop like a Van Gough painting. I've seen it before and I wasn't going to get my hopes up. I waved to her as I was bobbing my head to "Everything counts, in small amounts..dunna dunna dunna doo duh duh duh" Then I got up and left.
The hospital hierarchy cheapskates refused to cater the event, which didn't surprise me at all. Between the staffing cuts and new generic pens being delivered It was a matter of time before the ceiling panels came loose too. I walked down the hall watching every fellow doctor nod his or her head as they passed me. It doesn't even matter if you see the same doctor fourteen times in the same day on shift, it's guaranteed you'll get a "Hey Doctor" nod, like its a Pavlovian response.
I grabbed some lunch in the cafeteria and found a seat by the windows overlooking Bostons Back Bay area. It was a lush green color during this time, mid-August. It was my favorite time of year because the newly graduated med students were getting settled in, and a decent number of them were women, and a decent number of those women were smoke shows. I mean hot. I loved it. It was like shooting fish in a barrel in this place.
Three bites into my food and I looked up to see that redhead walking in with a plate of salmon and rice, and she was headed right over to where I was sitting. I saw her lips moving but couldn't understand what she was saying. She didn't notice my earbuds so I did us both a favor and took them out and I caught her saying: "in this whole damn place. Please? Doctor...??
"Huh," I asked
"You didn't hear anything I said did you haha" she laughed.
"Nope. Not a thing. Have a seat," I said.
"I'm Doctor Rachael Smith and I am in Orthopedics she said extending her hand for a shake
"I'm Doctor Kevin Disaronno, like the liquor. Head of your area. How did I not know you were added to my team? I know when people come and go." I asked puzzled.
"My secretary had sent you emails and a welcome gift in the mail. I'm not sure what happened." She said in a sad tone
"Hey, dont worry about it, Rach. Tell me about yourself" I said.
She started telling me about her time at Med school, how she was in crew, exercised religiously every day. She said she was married and that she listened to Jazz. The whole time she was talking I found it incredibly difficult to keep my eyes from looking at her gorgeous size D breasts and since the table was made of glass, I could confirm where exactly her black pantyhose thigh highs ended. I could also confirm she wasn't a fan of underwear. She told me she had to go and I said good luck. She moved like a cat on a prowl, very elegantly as if she was walking through a pool, got up from her seat and turned away carrying her tray. I swear she gave me a look but I think all women do. Just as she was turning, a patient at the hospital walked into her. Her tray fell and damn right I bent down to help her. She was nervous and apologetic picking up her food, the patient offered to grab some paper towels. I looked up at the patient and said yes, thank you. As my eyes were moving downward I caught her open legs and since I was so close I could smell her crotch. Tulips. I don't know what she sprayed on her vagina but at that moment I just wanted to eat her pussy for hours. I immediately started getting hard and had to spill some of the food that I had picked up because I could not stand up if my life depended on it.
I had to pinch my finger so hard to cause some kind of pain to get this erection down I started bleeding from my cuticle. I must have jabbed so hard it was stupid. Of course being the doctor she noticed the blood coming through the lab coat and insisted I get cleaned up. She led me down a few hallways to a part if the hospital I'd never been in before. Some Boston hospitals have an old Harvard ivy league architecture feel with nooks and crannies everywhere. I had two questions on my mind: How did she know the layout of this place so well, and the area of the hospital we were in did not contain patient exam rooms. No medical supplies. Only people around were janitors and maintenance personnel.
She reached into her purse and pulled out a set of keys and slid them into a door that looked like it was imported from Italy, something out of the Vatican library. She opened the door and the room was breathtaking. Mahogany inlay woodwork everywhere. The lights were dimmed but one green banker lamp on a desk as if she was working on a doctoral thesis.
"I take it you know who works in this office?" I asked her trying to figure out the situation
"It is my office. And im your boss Kev. I didn't want to make you feel nervous around me when we met earlier in the caf. Here, let me find those damn gauze pads" she explained
"Well, that explains the office then. Why did you think I would get nervous? I don't get nervous easily. In fact, I've been in trauma before.." She interrupted me by looking at my crotch. "Kev, your erection was massively noticeable and I saw you staring at my underwear or lack thereof". She giggled
"Ahhh'. Yes, that." I said turning my head away embarrassed for once in my life. I started looking around the room and especially at the books she had set up like a small library. I noticed a trend and pretty damn fast. Almost every title had something to do with sex. Sex therapy in modern medicine, masturbation and health, adolescent healthy development and sex hormones. I was impressed but equally confused. What department did she really work for and how did she apply what she was studying?
"Rachael, what exactly do you do here? I noticed your library and it doesn't look like the type of books in your library have anything to do with bones" I asked
"Well, thats a fair observation Kev. This office is off the radar. The person who's shoes I filled recently passed away and she wrote in her will that she wanted me to have this space. She somehow managed to occupy this place before the hospital began documenting every single piece of paper, pen, chair, and lint. It's a freebie and it's my sanctuary. My main office is on the top floor of the main building." She explained "These books are my personal collection. I find sex liberating and healthy. My husband and I are addicted you could say, but I use it as therapy.
She told me to sit down in one of her Italian leather chairs with gold rivets. She grabbed some gauze and tape and squatted down to my level to begin the repair. Again she kept her legs just enough apart so that her vagina was clearly visible from where I was sitting. And again, she knew it. She was flirting hard and we both enjoyed it. She taped up my finger and got up to throw the wrappers away in the trash. After she tossed the wrappers away she walked over to the bookcase and pulled a book off of the shelf and handed it to me. The title was "Exhibitionism and voyeurism". She took a seat across from me and crossed her legs, reached for a cigarette and lit it. "Are you familiar with these concepts Doctor?" She asked.
I held the book and nodded my head in agreement. "Yes, yes I am. How do you feel about them?" I asked her.
"Let me show you," she said.