Vishal cleaned up the mess he had made in the bathroom and proceeded to take a shower. His mind was clearer now and he could think about what had happened.
He was extremely embarrassed at what Nisha had seen, and he was annoyed at the way she had pushed him to that point. On the other hand, he had never felt so aroused before, as he had since she had arrived. None of those adult movies he had seen came even close.
Why did he feel this way? He didn't know. But he decided that he was too annoyed to let her do it anymore, even if his penis seemed to secretly like it.
So resolved, Vishal dried up, tied his towel around his waist, and headed out of the bathroom. On his way to his bedroom, he saw Nisha looking his way from the kitchen doorway. She smiled at him. He felt embarrassment enveloping him again at what she'd seen, but he steeled himself and didn't show it, or smile back at her. He went into his bedroom and changed into fresh clothes. When he came out to hang the wet towel in the balcony to dry, his mother saw him and called him to eat breakfast.
When he arrived at the dining table, Nisha was standing nearby, but he didn't look at her. He sat down and his mother brought him hot idlis and chutney. His mother seemed happy with him.
"How come you're up so early, Vishal? You even had your bath?"
"Nisha woke me up."
"You never cease to amaze me, Nisha. I've tried so many times to get him out of bed early on weekends." Then she turned back to Vishal, "Isn't it nice to be up early? Your breakfast is still hot, and you can get some studying done before you go to play cricket." She lovingly gave his cheek a mild pinch and went back to the kitchen.
While he was eating, Nisha came up to him and placed her hand on his shoulder. He didn't turn to look at her.
"How about we do some Chemistry together after breakfast?"
"No, I don't feel like Chemistry right now. I'll be studying something else." He kept his eyes on his plate.
"How about you show me your books so I can go through them for later?"
"We can do that later too."
"Vishal..."
"Okay fine. I'll show them to you."
Nisha left him on his own and went to join Rita in the living room.
As he ate, Vishal started wondering if he'd been too cold to her. But she'd been pushing him around all morning until it ended up seeing him naked! He wanted to make sure she understood that he wasn't too happy about it. He finished eating and went to his room to study at the desk.
It was a wide desk facing frosted glass windows. There were 2 chairs, intended for Vishal and Rita to be able to study together, though they rarely ever had. If both of them wanted to study, one of them would either use the dining table or the desk in their parents' room.
A few minutes later, Nisha came in. Vishal bent over his book, pretending to be busy. She reached over the desk to open a window. He furtively looked up and saw her t-shirt riding up, revealing about three inches of her back. In the front, the t-shirt hung down away from her, revealing her belly button and a vast expanse of her tummy above it. It looked so perfect. He imagined that at the right position, he might be able to see all the way up to her bra.
Vishal's penis stirred. He was finding his resolve to be cold and distant starting to soften. When she was done adjusting the bug net over the window and straightened up again, he immediately averted his eyes back to his book.
Nisha dragged the empty chair close to his and sat down on his right.
"Vishal."
He didn't turn.
"Vishal, come on."
"Yeah."
"What's the matter?"
"Nothing. Here are my Chemistry books." He slid them to her without looking at her.
Nisha started going through them.
"What have they covered in school so far?"
"..."
"Vishal!"
"Here are my notes."
"Vishal, this isn't going to work like this. What's the matter?"
He continued to look at his book.
"Is this about what happened in the bathroom?"
He turned away. Nisha put her hand around his shoulders.
"Vishal. That was an accident. I didn't mean to look. I didn't see much anyway. Besides, I didn't think you would be so upset. I mean, you looked so... so..."
Her voice faltered and she paused. He looked at her, curious. She was smiling, but she was also blushing a little. Was she even capable of blushing? Curiosity got the better of him.
"I looked so... what?"
She stifled an embarrassed giggle.
"You looked so... happy." She giggled, her eyes pointing at his crotch.
Vishal blushed a deep red. She was talking about his erection! He turned his head away again.
She held his chin and gently turned him to face her. She wasn't giggling anymore. She looked into his eyes with a kind smile.
"Vishal. You looked nice... and happy. And I was happy for you. You have no reason to be embarrassed. From what I saw, you should be proud. Not that I saw much anyway. But still, you looked nice."
Vishal continued to blush at the compliment and the repeated references to his erection. Despite his embarrassment, he felt his penis stiffening. As she continued to smile at him, he couldn't help but smile back at her weakly.
Looking at him smile, her lips widened into a bigger smile. She held his left cheek with her right hand, and leaned in to give him a kiss on his right cheek. When she pulled away from his cheek, he had a genuine smile on his face, his resolve having crumbled completely.
"Are we good?"
"Yeah."
"Good." She ruffled his hair. "Now that we've put that behind us..." She turned to his book, placing a hand on his thigh over his shorts, "Show me what you've done in Chemistry so far."
He showed her how much they had covered in school so far, and where he was having trouble. Then he went back to studying while she put together a plan for how they work together every night for him to catch up.
About an hour later, Vishal got up to go play cricket.
"Who do you play with?"
"Some of the other boys in the apartment complex. We get together every weekend and play on the side of the building."
"I'd like to come and see you guys play sometime."
"It's not serious. We just play for fun. But sure, you can come sometime."
He secretly hoped she would. He would be proud of her. They smiled at each other and he left the room.
As he was leaving the apartment, his mom reminded him to be back by 1 PM. She had to go to the bazaar to get groceries and other supplies. He said he would and left.
Throughout the cricket game that day, Vishal remained distracted. He kept thinking about Nisha. He could still feel her lips on his cheek. No one had kissed him in several years. Even when he was little and got plenty of kisses, they were usually from older relatives. And she was so pretty. Her bare tummy was so alluring. And she'd seen him naked! His penis stirred every time he thought about that. And she'd told him he looked nice standing naked with an erection!
The cricket game went a lot longer than usual that day. One of the boys had brought his older brother and he just could not be brought down. There was an unwritten cardinal rule that no one would leave until the game was over. So Vishal ended up playing until half past two.
But Vishal wasn't thinking about the time as he walked back to his apartment. He was completely drenched in sweat. With each step, he was increasingly aroused as he imagined what Nisha would do when he got home. Would she pull off his shirt the way she did the other day? Would she ask him for his shorts too? The prospect aroused him as much as it embarrassed him, but he was strangely looking forward to it.
As soon he got home and opened the door, however, his sister jumped to her feet from the couch. She didn't look pleased.
"Vishal! You promised to be home by 1PM. Do you know what time it is? Mom waited for you for so long and finally left for the bazaar. Nisha and I were supposed to go to the beauty parlor and we've been stuck at home instead. All because of you!" She was fuming.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to."
"And now someone needs to give you lunch. If you weren't such a baby..." Nisha interrupted her before she could finish.
"Rita, why don't you go ahead and go to the beauty parlor? I'll serve him lunch."
"But you were supposed to come too!"
"I was only going to come along to give you company. You know I hate going to beauty parlors. You go ahead. You said they'd close at 6PM, so you should have just enough time to get the things you want done."
"Okay." Rita glared at Vishal and left.
Vishal stood there reeling from being told off in front of Nisha. But Nisha simply smiled at him.
"Come for lunch, Vishal. You must be so hungry."
He trudged to the dining table and quietly sat down. Nisha brought him a plate and started serving him. She noticed he remained sullen.
"Don't worry about it, Vishal. She'll forget all about it by the time she gets back. No one can stay mad at you for too long. You're too adorable." Then she leaned in and kissed his cheek. This time she held the kiss for several seconds. As he felt her soft lips staying on his cheek, he felt a tingle run throughout his body.
When she pulled back, Vishal turned and smiled at her. She smiled back.
As he sat and ate lunch, she sat with him and they discussed school, sports, and other things. He forgot all about his scolding. Every now and then, she would get up and reach across the table to get something to serve him, and he would happy stare at her belly button each time it peeked out under her shirt. She caught him looking at her there a few times, but she just smiled at him warmly when she did.
Even before he was done eating, Vishal had a full-blown erection.
"Go and wash your hands, Vishal. Then relax for a bit. I'll clean up here."
Vishal washed his hands in the bathroom, but he didn't want to go relax. He went to the kitchen and stood in the doorway. Nisha was washing the dishes. Her breasts were gently swaying as she scrubbed.
She noticed him standing there. Her eyes momentarily looked down at the bulge in his shorts before looking back up at his face.
"What's up big guy?"
He smiled at her and blushed.
She wiped her hands and went over to him.
"What is it?"
"I... I'm still sweaty" he turned beet red.
Nisha had a puzzled look on her face momentarily, but she immediately understood what he wanted. She gave him a wide smile.
She reached out and grasped the hem of his t-shirt with both hands. He raised his hands obediently even before she started lifting it. She slowly raised his t-shirt up, over his chest, and up his arms. Once it was free, she draped it over her arm. He lowered his arms and clasped them in front of him over his erection. She smiled at him. He smiled back. She rubbed his bare chest and tummy lovingly.
"Better now?"
He didn't answer. Instead, he unclasped his hands from the front of his shorts, and slowly and deliberately moved them behind his back, clasping them there. She looked down at his hands as he did so, the bulge in his shorts revealed again.
She immediately knew what it meant, and she beamed at him.
She placed the t-shirt on the counter and knelt down in front of him, her face level with his bare tummy. Then she reached out and unbuttoned his shorts, and slowly slid the zipper down over the bulge of his erection. Then she slowly drew his shorts down his legs. He shuddered as his briefs, barely able to contain his erect penis, were exposed to her. She drew his shorts down to his ankles and waited. He stepped out of them.
Nisha placed the shorts over his t-shirt on the counter. She looked up at him and smiled again, still kneeling. Standing there in just his briefs now, he smiled shyly back.
Then she slipped the fingers of both her hands into the front waistband of his briefs, on either side of the bulge of his penis, making him shudder.
"Are these sweaty too?" she asked, as she started pulling his waistband forward, away from his body! His erect penis came forward and bobbed gently, and she was momentarily looking directly at it! He hurriedly brought his hands down to cover it up. He shook his head quickly from side to side to say, no, he didn't want her to take those off. She slowly released the waistband, leaving it over his hands. He extracted his hands from his briefs and clasped them behind his back again.
Nisha stayed kneeling and looked at his briefs a little longer. There was now a gap at the top as they were no longer able to contain his penis that was trying to push forward. The bright light streaming through the kitchen window rendered the fabric semi-sheer, and she could clearly see the shape of his penis, her face just a few inches from it. Vishal felt his penis lurch forward involuntarily, as if it were trying to escape the confines of his briefs towards her. She saw it too. She looked up at him and smiled, and gently stroked his bare upper thigh close to his briefs. He smiled back, thoroughly embarrassed. His knees felt weak, like they would buckle at any moment.
After what seemed like a long time, she finally stood up and ruffled his hair. She turned to go back to the sink and noticed he was staying put.
"Well, if you're just going to be standing there looking happy like that, you might as well come and help me with the dishes," she said, with a mischievous smile.