"Most insane thing you've cooked up yet Monica." Zoe Klein shivered just looking at the wagging rubber dildo stuck to the floor of the gymnasium.
"Not really, but it's right up there with shaving our hoohaws up on the bleachers."
"Don't remind me. No, I think the most insane thing is all of us in the Men's locker room surrounding Coach Randall. So gross, but so fun."
"I like challenging you girls. It proves to me whose on my side and who isn't."
"What does being on your side and us all joining your slut club, have to do with anything? I think we all can agree that we're pretty much all sluts." Zoe giggles tapping the dildo with the toe of her shoe just to watch it wag back and forth.
"So! We all draw names out of a hat and whoever gets picked has to ride this big boy here at school."
"Let's be even more creative. If you really wanna know who's a true member of the Slut Puppies Club. I guess the Braless Brigade name is a thing of the past. None of us wear bras anymore."
"What do you suggest?"
"You start us out. Once you get done you choose a name and dare the location they use it in."
"Ohhhh I like that. It's like playing Clue. Mrs. Peacock in the Science Classroom with the rubber toy." Monica chuckles.
"You're so stupid." Zoe rolls her eyes.
"Stupid, but a sexual genius."
"None of us even compare."
"Okay. I guess we should get some wet wipes between uses."
"Definitely."
"You know?" Monica ponders with a queer expression, "We don't just have to ride Rubber Dicky. We can stick it to more than the floor. Like lockers. Desktops. You name it."
"We leave it up to where the prior user suggests then." Zoe stresses, "You having Jimmy Neutron take more pictures for the yearbook? We can still sneak in more snapshots."
"I don't know how much more Jimmy can handle. You do know this is going to cost all of us BIG TIME right?"
"You made it clear. He helps us we help him. Anything he wants from each of us until we Graduate in a couple months. At least it's only one time for each girl. If I had to do more I'd hurl."
"Better carry a barf bag then. He really likes you. He might wanna lose his virginity to you."
"I'M GONNA KILL YOU IF HE DOES."
"You agreed to whatever he wanted. Don't go stabbing me."
"God I hope not. I don't need that on my resume."
"First bell is about to ring. I'll text who I choose when and where. They do the same. We keep a chain going all day long. Deal? Send a mass text and let the girls know. Anybody renigs gets punished by the whole Club."
"Daaaang! You're getting vicious Tigger."
"Tigger? HA! Funny we're the Tiger's and we're gonna hop up and down on this like Tigger."
"How many times do you feel is enough?"
"Five?"
"I say ten it's more daring. Let's feel something out of it."
"Ten it is."
"Cool. I'll just start the mass text myself and get this game started. Seeing as I have Jimmy's number."
"Is Jimmy riding it too?" Zoe laughs.
"You know what I mean. I don't think Christopher Robin plays with toys like this. Funny though."
"Well Pooh!"
"Not so funny. Nice try though."
"See you at the end of school."
"Lunchtime EWHORE."
"HA! Eyore, Ewhore. Too funny. Lunchroom then. Bye."
As the two girls separate Monica takes time to bag up her rubber beast and go sit on the bleacher to write her text to Jimmy. Once completed she sends a mass text out to sixteen girls devoted to Monica's exhibitionist club. Today was going to be a challenge. Grabbing her notepad and pen from her bookbag she jots down names. Tearing tiny pieces of paper with names on them she folds them and removes her beanie atop her long brunette hair. Using it as her hat the game began. One final text to Jimmy would have him skipping classes all day long. He was not happy. Until he thought of all the handjobs and blowjobs he would receive for his help. Even dare he dream of it coming true...sex. The beefy boy was dizzy just thinking of it all.
Meeting Monica outside Principal Janson's office as the first bell rang Monica dug into her bag to show Jimmy her lifelike toy.
"I call him Jimmy."
"Really?"
"No. Dork." She taps him on the forehead making him growl at her, "Sorry. Uncalled for. I'm going to stradle this bad boy right on the floor in front of Janson's office. My skirt will hide most of it but I'll lift it to prove it's inside me. All I want is for you to get a picture of me kneeling as if I'm picking up my dropped books. Try and get Janson's name in the pic."
"His plaque is beside his door. No way can I get you down there and the tag up here."
"Crap." She gives it some thought as students walking by grow curious. The Seniors knowing full well her capabilities, "Okay. We'll just get me riding it. People will figure it out considering his door is different than the classroom doors."
"Gotcha. I'll get my camera ready. You get on your knees and get set."
"On 'em." She kneels and wets the suction cup of her toy directly in front of her viewers. Seeing her toy in full view she slaps it on the tile and proves to them it stays put wagging about. She then hikes her skirt up to her waist allowing them to see she was not wearing panties. Perfect ass. Smooth twat. With a devilish grin she lifts up on her toes and lowers her thighs over the girth of the rubber crown. Inserting it found guys holding knuckles to their mouths to contain their excitement. Girls shaking their heads at her. A few girls who would be using it next, already sweating.
Jimmy took time to shuffle her books about to make it look convincing. Monica held one book in her hand. A Sex Education pamplet just to be cute. As guys clustered behind Jimmy he took pictures observing her easing up and down on the toy. Her eyes fluttered each time it grazed her G-spot. Allowing the back of her skirt to drop saved her a whole lot of trouble. She hears Janson's door open behind her. Guys scatter immediately leaving her to fend for herself as Lloyd Janson stood directly behind Monica. It was almost as funny as the flagpole scene yesterday.
"What seems to be the prob...ah! Dropped your books I see. James? Is this really any time to be taking yearbook photos?"
Monica looks up at him by tilting her head back, "It's okay. It's for laughs anyway to show how clumsy I can be. I'll be out of your way in a few minutes."
Somehow he overlooks her fifth thrust at his angle. Grimacing Janson moved around Monica forcing her to drop the front of her skirt. In an unpredicted move Janson kneels to her right and opts to help her pick her books up. All while she bulged her eyes and maintained slow gentle thrusts. Principal Janson had no clue. Once he handed her the books she smiled, "Thanks Mister Janson. My hero. Things are looking up for me."
He stands and extends a hand to pull her up. In a bold move she takes as much of the dildo up inside her as possible then clenches her body tight. Rising up at accepting his hand a popping noise was heard. Janson narrowed his eyes looking about him.
"Did I hear someone popping bubble gum?"
Three different students acted as if they swallowed their gum. He knew better. Frowning he tells the kids to get to class. Monica looked at Jimmy with a panicked look. Janson turns and eyes the two, "Are we done here?"
"Can I get a picture of you and Monica together?" Jimmy trembles.
"Make it fast." He steps up close to her side and places his elbow on her shoulder as if using her as support. She points at him with a smirk. Picture taken Janson stands up straight.
"Thanks Principal Janson." Jimmy waves.
"Anytime. Now get to class."
As Janson leaves Monica bursts into laughter, held from sight by her books in front of her face. Prying her thighs apart with an extended left leg the toy slipped out of her and plopped onto the tile. Jimmy nearly had a heart attack.
"I think you're the baby daddy." She chuckled, "It's a boy. Jimmy Junior."
Jimmy Newton turned beat red.
Gathering the toy she sneaks to the restroom and washes it off. Installed in her bag with her books she retrieves her beanie from her book bag. Choosing a name she reads it as Amber Welch.
"Oh now I know she's game." Texting everyone that Amber was her chosen target she decides on her location, "Let's send her out to Janson's car. Drivers side door. Ten minutes." Giggling at her message Monica meets Jimmy at the front turnstile and the two head outside. Lifeless outdoors save for cars driving by on the street, they quickly ran to the parking lot. It took Amber twelve minutes to arrive. Making excuses of having menstruel issues got her out of class. Laughing as she ran out to meet them the three huddled cautiously next to Janson's car.
"So insane I love it." Amber laughes unbuckling her shorts while sticking her tongue out at Jimmy, "Finally getting my pants off Neutron. Don't burst your beaker."
Lifting his camera he sighs, "Maybe when it's my turn to use you I'll make you my lab partner. We can build a volcano and I can make it explode in your face."
"Weird, but funny. Gotta hurry." She watches Monica slam the dildos suction on the car door. Shorts around her ankles she tugs her shirt down to make it look as if she was leaning against his car. Her button down fanning open gave Jimmy a massive cleavage, Amber's chest quite a healthy size. A reach around insertion, Amber fucks the rubber beast. Eying Jimmy she laughes, "Fuck me Neutron. Fuck me."
Monica twirled in step, laughing as Jimmy took shot after shot. Ten thrusts went quickly and Amber pulled off of it. Lifting her shorts she gets dressed and turns to stroke the toy. Eying it then Jimmy's jeans she shrugs, "Not even close. Gotta go."
"Wait!" Monica obtains her beanie, "Pick a name and suggest a place."
Nervous of being busted she drew a name and read it, "Tamara White." She then yanks the dildo loose and sucks it dry, "Clean enough." With a flick to its crown to taunt Jimmy she reached left and sticks the toy to the car hood, "Make Tamara his hood ornament." Off Amber went.
"Been there left my panties." Monica sighs at Jimmy.
"I...I remember that. Ryan made you do it."
"Yes the Master did. I miss my Master." She dances in step typing. Ten more minutes later Tamara arrives. The blond with a beaky, but sexy nose, saw the dildo and nearly pissed herself.
"How am I going to ride that up there I'll dent Janson's car hood?"
"Just be careful."
"So going to get expelled and repeat my Senior year." She tugs her black leggings out from under a long white button down that had a buckled belt about her waist. Kicking her shoes off she removes her leggings entirely tossing them to Monica. Monica tortured Jimmy by turning them into a twisted scarf about his neck, the crotch right where he could sniff it.
Tamara bending over the bumper, Jimmy snapped pictures of her bare ass. Thicker than a few of the other girls but definitely tight. Her clam peeking at him made Jimmy mumble to himself. Hearing her movement on the hood Jimmy winced. In position her succulent pussy lips molded around the rubber monstrosity.
"You go girl." Monica prodded her friend.
"Fuck this feels good. I'm gonna be beet red all day."
"Color matches his car."
Ten thrusts echoed as metal cringed. Pulling out just as she moaned Tamara said fuck it and stole another ten while rubbing her clit. It was still not enough but Monica patted her hip, "I'll let you borrow it after school."
"Fuck that I'm gonna order one from HeBay."
Laughter ended another tenure of exhibitionism. Before getting dressed she rubs the crotch of her leggings up to Jimmy's nose. "My scarf makes you look really professional Jimmy." Mean but he liked it. Tamara got dressed smiling at Jimmy. She knew he liked her torture.
"Name and place." Monica insisted. Fingers in the beanie produces, "Cheyenne". Looking around her she spotted the school buses. Pointing them out Tamara calls it, "Inside Bus 10."
"Done." Text sent, Tamara went.
Jimmy led the way toward the Bus parking and tried to envision what the plan was going to be. As Monica caught up with him he stutters, "We can't use any of these for the yearbook. Yours maybe."
"You're right about that. We'll figure something out. Wow! Here comes Cheyenne. Darius is with her. They must have skipped class before it even began."
"Hey guys." Chey holding her man's hand sees the dildo in Monica's possession, "Oh wow! That's big."
Darius smugly pats his crotch, "Not as big as mine."
"You own a dildo?" Jimmy looks troubled.
"Dude I'm gonna fatten your already fat lip."
"HEY! Even I thought that." Monica points at Darius, "Make yourself clear Jockstrap."
"It was pretty funny." Chey muses at her man.
"No it wasn't."
"Relax Sport." Monica threatens him with the toy, "Let's get on with this. Jimmy had a point just now. Part of this challenge was for each of we girls to use this thing secretly for a yearbook pic."
"More pics? The whole yearbook is gonna be porn." Darius poised an eyebrow.
"Not unless the Men's Basketball and Football team mix it up on the field." Monica laughs.
"I ain't that way." Darius shuts up.
"Of course, you're not you handsome stud." Chey pinches his lips talking like a baby.
"There's the fat lip. Not being racist."
"Fuck you, Gift."
"Already did. Nothing special."
Chey shakes her head, recent occurances having already found her ear makes Chey dry up emotionally. Choosing to remain strong and openminded she enters the playing field, "Calm down. What am I doing?" She looks around at the buses.
"All Tamara said was on Bus 10. Let's go inside and decide. Out of sight is safer."
They follow Monica up into the bus and each take a seat. Darius lifts Cheyenne's frilly skirt to find no panties, "Damn girl. Forget to do the laundry?"
"Just goes to show how often you check me out. I haven't worn panties in weeks. I feel so jilted."
"Aw Baby. I've just been dealing with the Coach. You know he's been after me to get my grades up so I can stay on the team."
"Whatever! I know when I'm not wanted." It really did feel that way. Everything Cheyenne was hearing of late left a lead weight on her shoulders.
Stunned Darius Howard clams up. Monica begins whistling to distract them, "Take it home Guys. Let's do this and you lovebirds can fly away."
"Give that to me." Chey claims the toy and marches to the back of the bus. Plunging it against the emergency door she kneels and hides the dildo with her body. Opening her mouth she swallows the toy as Jimmy takes pics. He moves around her capturing the actual event. Turned on by Chey's move Darius nods and and crouches behind her. Lifting her skirt he reaches under and plays with her pussy.
"You're done here Jimmy Olsen."
"Newt...oh...Superman's pal I get it. Again." Jimmy rejoins Monica who fidgets at the Jock's reactions. Patting Jimmy on the arm made him relax knowing that she cared.
Stepping forward Monica offers, "I'll just choose the next girl for you. You name the place." She digs into her beanie drawing out "Thelma Jacobs." As Chey moans with lengthy fingers up inside her she passes back the dildo.
"Ask Darius. He's been sleeping with Thelma."
"What? No I..." She lifts off of his hand and stands up with a saddened look, "It's okay Darius. I knew we would never last long. You teased me way too many years, growing up. I knew it when we all switched guys at the Theater. You and Thelma were so in tune with each other. Then I hear about you two during Church services. Worse yet," She glares back at Monica, "You do things for her without talking to me about it. I'm stupid I guess."
"Don't do this Chey." He looks up at her.
"Awkward." Monica nudges Jimmy out of the bus. Outside they awaited Chey to exit. Feeling horrible Monica was prepared to overlook Thelma. At the step off of the doorway Cheyenne stares coldly, "How about the middle of the street? Maybe she will get run over."
"I think that's off school grounds Chey." Monica frowned at her friends coldness. Seeing a vengeance glare in her eye Monica compromises, "Circular drive for the Parent drop off it is."
As Chey walks away Darius leaves the bus with his hands in his pockets. The man was defeated.
"Yep. Scratch Thelma. Drawing again." Monica eyes Jimmy. He agreed.
The next girl drawn was Violet Rainier. The galant redheaded Cheerleader that took the Pep Squad by storm with her pantiless Pyramid. Monica typed her name then added, "In front of her locker. Ten minutes." After sending it Jimmy looks at his watch, "Second period will be then. Everyone going to class."
"Ooooo! Good challenge. Let's go get in position."
Within ten minutes Violet Rainier stood waiting in front of her locker nervously. The redhead was normally spooked and running late. Not today. For some reason she seemed eager to please. Approaching her Monica caught the girl grinning shamelessly, "You got laid didn't you?"
"Yessss!" Violet shivered. "It was incredible."
"Tall, dark, and male cheerleader?"
"You know it. Monica...we made love, not just sex. Look..." Violet lowers her shirt collar to reveal a string of hicky's. Seeing them reminded Monica of her night at the bar where she achieved hicky's from head to toe. It had been awhile since Monica had a hicky, jealousy struck.
"Jimmy? Come here a second..." Just as swiftly she changes her mind about allowing Jimmy to bestow her a hicky. The moment was gone. Looking around at the students moving through the halls Monica digs into her bag for the dildo and slaps it against Violet's locker. "There's the right combination."
"Too high." Violet yanked it free then stuck it a bit lower. Right in front of twenty students. The redhead was getting awful ballsy suddenly. "Get ready Jimmy." Vi pointed, "Right the first time."
She lifts her skirt up and tugs her g-string to her knees. Capturing her entirety from the waist down she introduces the dildo up into her pink recesses. Jimmy snapped a series of shots as each inch of the toy disappeared. Students stood by watching and fantasizing over her. Cell videos were taken. As if that wasn't going to happen. She saw them and just didn't care anymore. Violet was becoming more carefree. Fucking it ten times she looks at the males recording her, "Don't you wish you got this lucky? You know you want it." Pulling off of the dildo she pulls her clothing back into place then yanks the toy from her locker. Wagging it at the boys she attempts to get them wet from her leftovers on the rubber exterior. Laughter made everyone happy.
"Name and place Red." Monica holds her hat out with the clips of paper within.
"Becca's cousin Angel." Vi grins, "Time to see just how far the bitch will go."
"Sounding evil Devil's daughter." Monica smirks, "I knew I had a sister out there somewhere."
"Morrison's desk. Dead center."
"With him there or without?" Monica giggles.
"Whoa!" Jimmy huffs, "I'm not sure I can let him in on what I'm doing. That might get us busted. You wanted yearbook pics but that's going over the top."
"I saw how you looked at Angel yesterday. Put your chemistry set in use Neutron." Violet nudged him.
"Wait. I thought you liked Sonya?" Monica winced.
"Im a playa." He chuckles.
"Nice. There's hope for you yet Big Boy." Monica pats his belly then rubs it like a Buddha, "Just making a wish." Right before their eyes Jimmy Newton popped a hard on. "Wish fulfilled." The girls had a really good laugh.
Texting Angel shocked the blond who stood at a water fountain getting a drink. Awestruck she roamed the halls amongst the students until reaching Mr. Morrison's classroom. Inside stood Monica, Jimmy, and Morrison himself. Monica sat on his desk letting Morrison look up her skirt while Jimmy hid his embaressment. Entering the room, Angel Wright, wearing bluejeans and a tight white shirt over massive boobs made it known she was ready for anything.
"Delicious booty in the room."
"That's me. There's room for two though." Monica giggles.
"Hi Mister Morrison." Angel attempted bravado under pressure. She was uncertain just how this was going down with the Teacher present. He waved back with a glint of interest. He had never once looked over Angel in the past, but now he realized what he had been missing.
"Shut the door behind you." Morrison nods.
"Can we leave it open?" Angel winks.
"Why is everyone getting as bold as me all of a sudden? Hell yes leave it open." Monica slips down between Morrison's legs and crawls beneath his desk for a bit of mischief long the way. "All yours Jimmy. Tell Angel how you want her to do this photoshoot."
"ME? Ummm! Uhhhh!" He struggles to look Angel in the eye. Between the blond and Morrison he was in panic mode. "Maybe...Mister Morrison has ideas."
"ME?" Morrison reverses Jimmy's own words. "I'm not going to lose my job over this." He pats Monica's hands as she rubs his swollen tent, his erection tormented by two beautiful eighteen year olds.
"Relax! I got this." Angel eyes the dildo hidden by Monica's bookbag. Sure enough it was stuck to the top of his desk, dead center. Violet Rainier and an unexpected guest appearance by Becca Wright, Angel's cousin stood outside the classroom door keeping watch. Becca remained hidden just to shock Angel later. "Hiya Vi." A wave leads Angel into kicking her shoes off then unzipping her pants. Down over pink boyshorts they went. Jimmy was slobbering at zipper alone. As she removed her pants she held her breath and stripped her boy shorts off. Shirt and socks only Angel blew a kiss at Jimmy. He nearly busted a nut at the sight of her freshly shaved pussy. Watching her crawl on top of Morrison's desk Angel stared at the Teacher's eyes zeroing in on her vagina. "I think Mister Morrison likes my kitty, don't you Jimmy?"
"Love your kitty. I MEAN...YEAH! I THINK HE DOES." Jimmy Newton was wringing in sweat. Violet outside the door with Becca tried not to laugh.
Below Morrison's lap Monica had managed to secure the Teacher's cock right out into the open. He had given up in his lust for these young girls. While kneeling there Monica jerks him off whispering, "Show Angel how much you want her." He was trying, not bothering to look at the doorway, he was trusting Violet to shut the door if it became necessary. This risk being taken was a fantasy come true. He knew Monica was always looking out for him.
"Ready Jimmy?" Angel looks over her shoulder with a devilish grin.
"Yep." He merely watched then realized he hadn't even lifted his camera. One swift snatch he was ready to shoot both pics and his load. Watching her fingers introduce the rubber toys crown into her she turns her attention toward Morrison.
"You like watching this sweet young pussy getting fucked?"
Morrison nods as Monica increases her massaging technique, using both hands while looking up at Angel. "Even I like watching that." Monica snickers. Angel lowers her gaze to Morrison's dick and licks her lips.
"Wanna trade with me Monica?"
"Nope. I like my Teachers Pet project."
"Should I take my shirt off too?"
"YES!" Both Morrison and Jimmy agreed.
Giggling Angel lifts her shirt up over her head then tosses it at Monica landing over her hair. Monica grimaces, "Bitch."
"Yepper. Here comes the bra." Unfastening it she whips it back at Jimmy who was circling her for a better look at the blond's gorgeous body, blindly it lands on the floor. Angel Wright wore only her socks, riding a rubber cock on the Teacher's desk. It couldn't get much better than that. Could it?
"That's more than ten." Jimmy reveals.
"You really want me to stop now?"
"NO!" A second recital of two men form as one.
"I didn't think so. Let's cum together Mister Morrison." She licks her lips at him while teasing her nipples.
"God yes." The Teacher shivers laying back in his swival seat, Monica blowing on his crown.
Whimpering after a good thirty five insertions Angel noted Violet easing the door shut. Obviously traffic was close by. Did Angel care? Not hardly. That dildo was Tigger Happy. Cum trickled down her thigh and puddled up on Morrison's desk. This was by far going above and beyond the call of booty. As Monica destroyed Morrison's cock he grew tense and stopped blinking. Jaw wide he pats her hands to stop and she reluctantly releases him. His hands reach for Angel and a soft gasp led to, "Come here."
Angel in her inflicting destruction eyes Morrison fondling his own beast with one hand, his other coaxing her to his lap. Seeing Jimmy still shooting pics she shrugs and lifts off of her toy and slips over the edge of the desk into Morrison's lap. Easing his cock up into her she squeals. "Oh my God!"
"You're telling me." Monica slips away and stands up next to them. In a brash move Morrison draws Angel closer and begins sampling her nipples. The girl loved it.
"Ummm!" Monica stops Jimmy's camera shots and drags him toward the door, "Let's just give them the room."
Meeting Violet and Becca outside Becca stood numb. Her cousin was fucking a Teacher. What the hell? Shrugging amongst themselves they shut the door. Fifteen minutes later Monica dares to peek inside the door to find both he and Angel on the desk naked. She was screaming in small favors as Morrison finally nutted inside the blond.
Tiptoing in Monica rubs Morrison on the shoulder, "Bell's gonna ring in a few. Might wanna...wrap it up next time. Don't need any baby Teachers running around." Hat lifted Angel moans but still draws out a name.
"BECCA!" She yelps.
"Whoa!" Monica eyes the door. Shuffling over she looks out into the hall, "Get in here Becca."
Jaw dropped Becca shakes her head, "Oh hell no."
"Toys all yours. Right in front of them."
Leading Jimmy back in with them Becca sees Angel doing missionary with Morrison. Easing next to them Becca flips her cousin off. Angel with legs wrapped around Morrison's hips points at the floor.
"Totally naked right next to us." Angel chuckles. Jimmy couldn't stop grinning. He wished that he had a video camera instead.
"I hate you Cunt."
"No you don't. You wuv me Cuz."
"Bells going to ring in five minutes."
"Better hurry then."
"Me? What about you two?"
Becca swiftly drops her shorts and whips her top off to go down to only her panties. Hearing Angel say, "NAKIE BITCH." made her roll her eyes and strip. Riding the cock Jimmy took pics. Morrison watching Becca found the energy to fuck Angel again. As the minutes creep by she orgasms on his desk. He nuts a second round and thanks Becca instead.
At the bell everyone hustled to get dressed. Minds blown they all had an uncontrollable laugh. Becca hugged her cousin calling her a slut. "Takes one to know a nun." Her reply.
As the students for his next class entered Morrison realized his desk was wet from Angel's orgasm splash. Using Kleenex he did his best to wipe up. Nobody knew the truth. Some might have suspected seeing Monica and the gang leave quickly. He taught his next class like a pro.
Outside in the hall Becca froze in step, "What did that have to do with the yearbook?"
Monica and Angel busted up. Jimmy turned as red as Violet's hair. Violet didn't care she was giddy.
"Not a damn thing." Monica hugged Becca from the side. "It was fun though."
"No it wasn't." Becca winced then softened her reaction, "Okay maybe a lil'."
"Next?" The beanie is lifted to choose a name.
"Thea King." Monica fidgets, "I think we'll overlook her this time."
"Hey guys" The group turns to see of all people Thea King with her boyfriend Garrett.
"Ohhhh shit."Monica cowered with teeth gnashed.
"My turn?" She seemed to be in good spirits.
"You're not mad at me?"
"I could never be mad at you." The two embrace as everyone who knew about the church debacle felt relieved. Jimmy of course was not in the loop. Standing next to the gentle giant Garrett he felt very, very small.
"Lunch time?"
"Yep." Thea and Monica held each others arms all the way to lunch. The crew all waiting Thea proved her worth by using the toy while kneeling in front of Garrett in the lunch line. Not one Teacher saw the cute little lady with the toy up under her skirt. Her hands touching Garrett's crotch as she rode the dildo proudly.
"Go Tiggers." Monica yells out to the entire room. The reaction was met with a louder, "GO TIGERS." followed by a healthy "ROOOOAAAARRR."
Thea loved her scratching post.
Garrett offered a smug look at Jimmy. The nerd swallowed dryly until a familar voice drew him away from the giant.
"Hi Jimmy."
"Sonya? Hey!"
As Thea vacates the toy Monica snatches it from the floor and hands it directly to Sonya.
"You're up Pup. Name her playpen James."
Jimmy dropped his jaw. Not wanting to embaress Sonya he chose to shy away. Sonya claimed the toy and moved to the center of the cafeteria. As everyone watched as the big girl shocked them, repulsed some, excited others dropped her shorts and panties and rode it proudly. As Jimmy took pics he read her lips.
"I want you Jimmy."
Camera lowered Jimmy Newton nodded her way. Garrett stepping next to the nerdy boy grinned.
"Welcome to the club."
"Club?"
"The Pussy Posse."
"Is that a real club?"
"We can start one."
Applause made Sonya hurry to finish. Hopping to her feet just as some Teachers entered everyone rallied yet again to her defense.
"GO TIGERS!"
Monica Gift couldn't have been more proud. Ten more girls volunteered to make their Tigger's happy. Becca was right though, these were not yearbook pictures. This had turned into a vote of confidence. Everyone wanted to take part.
"Y'ALL FOR ONE, ONE FOR Y'ALL." She roared.
English Lit was not her best subject.
-------------------------------------
COMING SOON : MONICA 49 : APRIL'S FOOL