Chapter 04 Back in my new Life
Preface
Back in My New Life
Meeting Up with Shakti
Meeting Up with Mark
What Does the Future Hold for Me?
Preface
Hi, I'm Rachel and this is another instalment in my story about my sex life.
This is Chapter 4 of four and in order to best enjoy it and make sense of it you are strongly recommended to read Chapters 01 to 03 first if you have not already done so. This chapter covers what has gone on in practising spiritual sex and my experiences enjoying my new life after the Naturist Meditation Retreat.
Please do not let the title put you off. The theme has nothing to do with spirits and the paranormal; it is about the convergence of sexual energy, with spiritual energy which I have discovered to be a dramatic, intoxicating, and compelling combination which takes sexual pleasure to a whole new level. When I began to take an interest in exploring a spiritual path it seemed to me that spiritual energy and sexual energy are both forms of passion and being alive. Rather than being opposites, they are in fact complementary, or perhaps even the same life force. I have discovered that practicing spiritual sex can elevate sexual pleasure to a truly whole mind and body experience. In fact, I will make some bold claims that spiritual sex can enable sexual energy to go beyond the physical sensations of pleasure and orgasm, to a state of heightened awareness and expanded consciousness. We feel everything more deeply, and you can no longer distinguish between elation, euphoria, ecstasy, bliss and orgasm. I do not expect you to be convinced yet, but I invite you to walk with me through my recent experiences and discoveries of this whole new dimension to sex.
I have been writing about my sex life on Literotica for quite a few years now. In order to best enjoy this latest one, you would be better to read some of my earlier stories first. This latest story will then make more sense if you know more about me and what has gone before.
You can find my five previous instalments under my name of Rachel6. They are best read in chronological order i.e.:
1. Rachel's life As an Exhibitionist
2. Rachel Is Shared
3. Rachel's Exhibitionism Nemesis
4. Rachel Reveals More
5. Rachel Reveals All
The last one 'Rachel Reveals All' combines all of the first four stories into a single novel. Thus in 'Rachel Reveals All' I related most of the interesting sensual and sexual experiences of my life up until my mid-forties.
Back in My New Life
I had feared that when I returned home after the tantric spiritual retreat Andy and /or Tony might be a bit cool towards me resenting me pursuing my own life down, what would seem to them, a weird and strange path. This was especially one that they knew was likely to involve me having relationships outside of our cosy foursome.
However, when I let myself into the house it was empty. Both Andy and Tony were out somewhere. I found a note that the three of them (with Andrea) had decided to go away for a night to a concert in Manchester at the last minute. I imagined the three of them sharing a hotel room and what a busy night Andrea would have had. They would be back on Sunday evening. Great I thought- a whole weekend to rest and recover. I was going to need it. This had been the most tumultuous week of my life. So much had happened, and I was just completely exhausted. I had had so many life- changing, mind expanding experiences that it was a blur and did not seem real that it had all really happened. I collapsed into bed and apart from visiting the loo did not get up again until I heard them all coming back on Sunday evening. I was glad to have this time to come down to earth.
When they all reappeared contrary to acting resentfully towards me, they all actually seemed pleased to see me and have me back. It is funny in life how when you set out your stall and act in a determined and confident way, other people will normally accept it and fit in around you. Although I suppose I had only been away for one week but for me it had been very significant and seemed much longer. Thankfully they did not ask me much about it and I was glad they did not especially as I might have sounded a bit evangelical talking about it. I slept with Tony that night. It all seemed perfectly normal which it was for us.
Being in a polyamorous relationship might sound glamourous and exotic but it is not always easy. Often, they can be quite stressful, and jealousy can inevitably arise. I think though that our set up where we are two interchangeable couples is much easier than one whereby a man has two wives, or a woman has two husbands. I would imagine that the opportunities for resentment and jealousy would be prolific where a man had two or more wives to keep happy and satisfied who were all reliant and devoted to just him. For a polyamorous relationship to be successful, everyone involved must be open and honest about what they want and need out of the arrangement. Even then it may be difficult or impossible for them all to get it. Maintaining open communication is fundamental to a polyamorous relationship so that issues do not arise. I think we have maintained our cosy little set up with remarkable ease. I certainly want to keep hold of my anchors Andy and Tony and do my exploration from the safe harbour that they represent.
The problem for me now was that my extracurricular activities outside of my polyamorous relationship might start to threaten the stability of my relationships with Andy and Tony. They have tolerated me thus far but getting too involved with others outside of our cosy foursome might prove too much for them to accept. I was starting to realise that for me having a number of other friends 'with benefits' was the way to go if Andy and Tony looked like they would accept that or at least reluctantly tolerate it. I really want to gather these other friends into my life because it is fun when these people make a fuss of you and are genuinely pleased to see you on an occasional basis. I have officially dumped and abandoned any thoughts of returning to monogamy and in any case, I no longer have anyone who would want me on that basis. Certainly not Andy anymore who is closer to Andrea than me nowadays. For now, I am going to rotate around my increasing circle of intimate friends ( and husband!) having quality time with each of them for as long as it lasts.
Through the retreats I have joined a small community of likeminded and open-minded people who are consciously following a path of sexual exploration. I want to experiment more, including lesbian encounters, and see where this leads with my new friends. My sangha. Of course, it is never straight forward being a female and I am concerned about just gathering a network of guys who just want to fuck me because I am easy. But this is unlikely if I stay within the group I have met through the two retreats, and of course other people introduced through them. But I cannot pretend I am not worried about this as it is a real risk that I just get a reputation and attract guys who see me as just being good for occasional sex but too promiscuous to consider as serious relationship material and a significant friend. To be honest the person I was missing the most and obsessing about was Shakti. I was entranced by her at that time. I was also pondering whether Amy might be up for some girl on girl fun time? Before long I began meeting up with my friends from the retreats.
Meeting Up with Shakti
Shakti was thrilled to hear from me when I called her. She invited me over for a Saturday night at her Bohemian cottage in Lewes, Sussex. Andy and Tony were fine with me disappearing for a night to meet up with a female friend I had met at the retreat.
I wore a pretty red short sleeve, above the knee, cotton dress that buttoned up down the front. I chose it because I imagined Shakti undoing those buttons. Shakti was wearing a short simple white cotton smock that clung to her figure with a plunging neckline and no bra that showed off her magnificent breasts.
Shakti's house was a shrine to being spiritual. Everywhere there were Buddhas, Buddha heads on the walls, singing bowls, figures with multiple arms, and beautiful intricate Indian art that no doubt had lots of theological historical meaning. She had loads of these beautiful purple, white and clear crystal stones around. Shakti said they were high vibration energy crystals that linked to the heart shakra or something for purity and enlightenment. I took her word for it. There was incense burners everywhere and old book shelves full of thousands of books on spiritual stuff. Shakti seemed to be the walking embodiment of a spiritual person. She radiated such a pure loving positive energy.
It was a lovely sunny summer day and Shakti led me straight outside. We sat at a small round metal table in her little overgrown garden under a pergola that was covered in climbing plants that were out in flower. In front of us was a huge magnificent gun metal armillary globe. We shared a bottle of chilled Sauvignon wine. Her garden was completely private, and I felt for just this one short day we were in our own little private bubble. In between taking sips from our glasses we held hands lovingly and interlocked our fingers and stared into each other's eyes. We always felt such a connection. We talked about how we had been since the retreat and the effect that the retreat had had on us. Shakti always seemed to be so much more confident that me however hard I tried. So much her own person. So comfortable about who she was. It occurred to me that I did not actually know whether she had a partner or lived alone. I saw no sign that anyone lived with her.
I asked her if she lived alone and she told me that nowadays she prefers to. Apparently, she was married once, in the United States, for ten years to a lovely guy that she was still friends with, but they grew apart mainly because of her all-consuming search for alternative beliefs and spirituality.
Eventually we kissed passionately and lovingly. We both knew why I was here. And then Shakti began to unbutton the buttons on my dress as I sat facing her exactly as I had dreamily imagined a hundred times over the last week. Our mouths were open, and our lips entwined. I tried to capture her darting tongue with my lips. Shakti's lips were so soft, and her perfume was entrancing. I suddenly felt hot and sweaty in the heat of the summer sun. I was panting. I could already feel the ache building between my legs. The rising tension that would soon need urgent attention. I had thought about this moment so much.
I could feel my panties were already damp. I was squirming around and the metal chair underneath me was screeching loudly as it moved around on the slabs. This was not the most comfortable place to be getting down and dirty. Shakti's hand cupped my breast over my bra and then disappeared under it to clamp her palm over my erect nipple. Shakti stopped and smiled at me and stood up and said, "Come on, let's go inside somewhere more comfortable."
I nodded. I was still the obedient pupil in our relationship. She led me by the hand through her kitchen and up the narrow steep staircase to her bedroom. We laid down on top of her unmade bed and turned to face each other and quickly resumed our embrace and passionate kissing without speaking any words. My dress was gathered up around my waist. When eventually Shakti's hand slithered down inside my panties, I was embarrassed about how soaking wet I was already. Her fingers slid easily over my labia and then inside me. I instinctively brought my knees up and groaned submissively. I turned to find her mouth and lips again and kiss her frantically whilst she pleasured me in my sacred place. She brought me to a wonderful climax with consummate ease and waves of pleasure and ecstasy flowed through me.
When I had recovered a little, I said, "Right Shakti- please now it is your turn. It is always you, pleasuring me. I want to learn how to give you pleasure in return."
I climbed off the bed and stood up and took off all my clothes properly. With Shakti still lying down I stood naked before her. But as Shakti surveyed me, I suddenly felt a loss in confidence and asked, "Are you sure you don't think I am fat? You don't think I am putting on weight, do you?"
I knew straight away I should not have said that. It was just so naff, so trite and banal. Shakti looked incredulous and momentarily irritated that I was just the same as every other women and subject to all the usual predictable insecurities. Shakti was above all this mundane earthly nonsense. She gathered her patience and assured me of course that I was beautiful. I made a vow to myself to try to stop coming out with this sort of nonsense especially when I was lucky enough to spend precious time with Shakti. I wanted her to think I was someone like her who thought on a higher plane than this sort of rubbish.
I then turned my attention to undressing Shakti. It did not take long. She was only wearing the smock and some brief panties underneath it. Even so I loved putting my fingers inside the elastic and slowly pulling those panties down over her thighs and knees, ankles and feet. As I removed them one foot at a time, I kissed her feet. Shakti liked to keep the long chains around her neck on. I climbed back onto the bed and laid down beside her.
Shakti looked as stunning and ravishing as ever. Her voluptuous breasts, her amazing blond frizzy hair, her tanned dark skin, her belly button ring and of course her perfectly shaved hairless pussy. I could not resist beginning with sucking on the nipples of her gorgeous breasts.
Shakti took my hand and guided me how she liked best to be pleasured. I was quickly able to caress her in the way she liked. This seemed to be by alternately teasing her just by stroking her labia and then plunging my fingers deep into her vagina for just two or three thrusts at a time. Being a woman myself definitely helps in knowing how to pleasure another woman I concluded. This was the first time that I had ever felt the insides of a woman and I loved it. I loved the warmth and wetness and the musky scent. My fingers tasted salty. She really liked this alternating combination of teasing around the edge and then plunging fingers in deeply. This contrast worked for her to gradually build her up to a climax. I felt very pleased with myself when I brought Shakti to orgasm. A first for me. I enjoyed it as much as she did!
Later in the early evening we had another bottle of wine and Shakti cooked us some pasta. We had a truly delightful divine weekend. We spent most of it wearing almost nothing and much of it in bed. Cuddling up naked, skin to skin, with her in her bed all night was just fabulous. We had a real connection and a real friendship, and I felt a real strong love for her. I knew for sure that spiritual sex allows you to love more than one person and I was proof of that.
***
After this weekend with Shakti driving home, I thought I had graduated. It was official. I was now officially a bisexual. My night with Shakti cemented my new desire to explore sex with women as well as men. Going forward I felt it was also likely that Amy would start to see me as a potential partner having come out herself. I think I still prefer sex with guys, but I am now bisexual that is for sure.
I started to muse over whether where women are concerned, did I have a type? What sort of women do I like? This had all happened so quickly. I knew for instance I would run a mile from a traditional butch dyke type. I was only interested in sexy attractive feminine women. I do not think I would like a girl who was bigger or heavier than me. I would prefer her to be as slim or slightly thinner, but obviously still having a decent curvy female body and shape, nice breasts and nice arse. I wandered if Shakti and/ or Amy were 'my type'. They both fitted that description and met those criteria.
Having had Shakti to myself for twenty-four hours and spent most of that up close and personal I thought that women really are so beautiful, aren't they? At least they can be. They are inherently just so naturally beautiful. I loved my time with Shakti and could not wait to press my breasts down onto another woman again skin to skin. One thing I knew that was important was that a woman absolutely must be meticulously shaved. I could not stand to encounter a bush on a woman.
I started to obsess about women's bodies and their legs, their breasts, their softness. I had never thought about my own sex this way before and was looking at women in a whole new way.
Meeting Up with Mark
It was about two weeks before I received a call from Mark. I was surprised it was as long as that but pleased he did not just text me as is so often the fashion nowadays. He called me on my mobile at work. He wanted to meet one evening in London. I was keen but it was a question of when that would fit in with my chaotic unconventional home life. I decided to try and find an evening mid- week when there was a good chance that Andy would be working late anyway. Mark invited me to stay over in his flat. We chose a night and I sold it in back at home by saying that I had to go to a meeting in London and travel up the night before. I just travelled up on the train after work and planned to travel back early the next morning in time for work in Bristol. I could always say, if necessary, that I was also using this as a chance to meet a friend I had got to know at the retreat which would have been true.
When you meet up with someone you have met at a retreat especially someone of the opposite gender (although I am not sure that makes any difference to me any longer) the chances are that you have already cuddled naked, and perhaps seen each other sobbing with emotion. You may also exceptionally have already had a good shag. In the case of Mark all three were true. So, let us just say you are typically not starting from scratch. So, it is inevitable that there will be some unsaid anticipation that sex will probably be on the agenda. You already share an intimate bond, from your mutual membership of a very exclusive club-you were both there at that isolated, exclusive, special, sacred, life changing hot house that most people could never know about or imagine. You are now bound together by an invisible but nevertheless extremely close bond and secret that trumps everything else-even marriage in most cases. Indeed, it is tempting to feel that going forward you only want to have sex with people who were there with you because they are the only people who understand what you went through. Understanding all that dear reader you will understand the unbearable anticipation and excitement I felt travelling up to London on the Great Western Railway. I wondered if we would be able to wait until we had been out to eat quite frankly.
I met Mark at Paddington station and he had a plan sketched out that included eating early at an Italian place he knew around the corner beside the Regents Canal. It was so lovely to meet up. We could have chatted for hours reminiscing about the retreats and how we were both feeling since we left. Chatting to Mark on his own again reminded me what a truly spiritual person he is and how our journeys were so similar. He was also now convinced how spiritual sex had the potential to be something really special, and openly said to me he would like us to try to achieve that together if ever I wanted to. That did not seem to leave much doubt as to what we would be doing when we got back to his flat then I thought. I loved talking to him that evening. I find interesting intelligent conversation with a man a turn on and arousing.
Mark was on good form. He seemed pleased to see me and was wearing a smart dark blue sports jacket and chinos. It was a change to see him in something other than a robe. The meal was just right, and we knocked back a bottle of Valpolicella with ease. We travelled back to Mark's flat in an Uber. It was on the 20thfloor of a modern block in Stratford. It was not huge but had panoramic views over London towards Canary Wharf. It had stretches of floor to ceiling glass which were pretty cool. It was so high that you could not hear the traffic moving around on the ground below, except for the occasional siren. No one could possibly see into the windows of course so it offered complete privacy. I remembered a film I had seen about a couple having sex naked up against the glass in a similar flat. I imagined doing that with Mark tonight. Better keep that to myself for now.
Mark took off his jacket and hung up my coat. He poured us each a glass of champagne which I love and can never resist. We kicked off our shoes and sat in his sitting room taking in the spectacular view. We were at that awkward stage where someone needs to make the first move but without appearing presumptive. So, we carried on making small talk. I noticed he had a photo on his sideboard of his deceased wife, but I did not comment on it.
Soon after Mark did break the ice by saying, "Knowing you were coming I hope you approve but I have set up a mini temple in my second bedroom where we can if you like practice some of the stuff from the retreat together if you are up for it."
I was very intrigued and loved the fact that he was bold and confident enough to stick his neck out and do this, risking possible ridicule from me. In fact, I was glad he knew me well enough that I would not do that. I was careful to encourage him, and I really did approve of him being his own person and putting his spiritual side out there.
I stood up straight away and replied, " What a wonderful idea. I would love to see it. Which bedroom is it?"
Mark led me to it and we went in. He had cleared the floor and put down some type of padded soft foam double mattress. This was covered in a soft white fluffy cotton sheet. He had placed scented candles all around the room and installed a waist high wooden Buddha figure to watch over things.
I was blown away that he had done this specially for us. I did not know how successful it was going to be, but I was going to be nothing but encouraging. We went back to the sitting room and recovered the glasses and bottle of shampers and returned to his makeshift 'temple'. Mark lit the candles around us.
We sat down on the mattress and continued sipping our glasses. He then took mine away from me, and put them both on the floor beside us, and then he put his hands on each side of my face and kissed me passionately. I was relieved he had taken the initiative and we could now be ourselves. It turned out he had some spiritual soothing music ready to go on his IPOD. He had also, with some pride, obtained a recording of the retreat affirmations poem which had been set to music. I had heard this played at the retreats many times, but I did not know they made it available to download. Hearing that poem again and the evocative familiar melancholy background music whisked me back to the retreats.
I loved the way Mark was a gentle slow lover. He had not seen me for a while but was not seeking to just jump on me. Mark spent an age adoring and worshipping my body in the spirit of true spiritual sex. He undressed me slowly and carefully even stopping to fold each item that he removed! He told me softly how beautiful and sexy I was. I knew he really meant it. He stroked, caressed and massaged every inch of me. As I laid on my back, he placed his palm on my forehead and tried his hand at whispering some loving affirmations.
At some point Mark stood up and undressed himself but left on his underpants! Why do men do that? He then got back between my legs which were already wide apart and lifted my knees up. He was soon at the entrance to my special private place kissing my pussy. I knew he was good at this from last time so strapped myself in for some serious pleasuring. He licked and munched and ate me with gusto. He was so good in fact that after initially moaning with pleasure it got so intense that I was heaving up and down and laughing every time he licked me again. You know how us girls can sometimes get so turned on and aroused that we cannot bear it any longer.
I said, "Mark, I don't want to come like this. I want to come with you inside me."
Mark would have done anything I asked. He mumbled, "OK", and urgently peeled off his pants and released his ready and waiting desperate erect prick.
I was already soaking wet and as soon as he got vaguely on top of me, I pulled him in by holding the buttocks of his lovely arse firmly. I was in the mood for a loving intense cuddling missionary. So, I clamped my legs around him to hold him close and put my arms around his body so he could go nowhere! We were absolutely clamped tightly together, and his cock was as deeply inside of me as I could persuade it to plunge. It was a delicious fuck. Mark did not have much of a range of movement as I had him so constrained but with some thrusting and heaving from me, he was soon cumming and squirting his juices deep inside of me. He was moaning loudly with pleasure reflecting the fact that he almost certainly had not had sex since he last had it with me at the retreat. Unusually I had not yet reached an orgasm as he had come a bit quick but that was my fault. We laid together on the mattress getting our breath back and then finished off the bottle of wine. I had been gently playing with Mark's spent penis trying to get it interested again and before long it started to become semi erect.
I crawled over Mark on all fours facing the same way as him and squatted over his penis and held and cradled it until it was hard enough to feed into my welcoming vagina. Because he had already come, I thought this time he would last as long as I needed so I took my time and enjoyed myself bouncing up and down on his ever-stiffening tool. Occasionally I put a hand back between my legs to help myself out a little in the way only I know best. At my age I cannot keep this squatting position up for long, so I changed to kneeling over him but still riding him on top. As I approached Nirvana and those familiar waves of ecstasy rippled through my body, I announced my success to Mark through my increasingly loud moans. When they subsided, I rolled off Mark laughing my head off and proclaiming that was me done! Sleeping with Mark was cosy and snug gazing out from his bed at the awesome views over London. We made love again in the morning this time much more expeditiously as I had to leave early to catch a train back to Bristol. Mark came with me in the Uber to Paddington which was very sweet.
What Does the Future Hold for Me?
Hmmmm! I am not sure but feel it will be fun finding out. I am loving my life and feel very positive and happy. My world has expanded and become more varied, exciting and fulfilling. I am loving the spiritual journey I am on in general (and not just the spiritual sex) and have gained some lovely new friends to pursue it with. I have found out that for now I am never going to be able to be monogamous and have a single soul mate relationship. For me the cocktail of Andy, Tony, Mark, Shakti and Amy, and maybe Joshua all to different and as yet unknown degrees is for now where I am going. What is right for me will become apparent. I will definitely be going back to the centre for another retreat at some stage.
Back at home the situation with my husband Andy, Tony and his wife Andrea seems remarkably stable. They seem very content with our cosy polyamorous setup. There is no particular pattern to whether on any given night I sleep with Andy or Tony although I would think it is with Tony more, purely because Andy and Andrea seem to have a preference for sleeping together. To be honest the way I feel now with my new-found curiosity for exploring relationships with women I would be very happy to try sleeping with Andrea myself! But I do not think the other three are ready for that yet and I had better keep those thoughts to myself! I absolutely daren't broach it!
I have been delighted to meet up with Mark and Shakti since the retreat. I have hopes for both those relationships. I am also hopeful of something developing with Amy. I am obviously surprised and disappointed that so far Joshua has still not contacted me. He is a man of mystery. I still do not really know him that well. He must have his own reasons. I did kind of force myself on him at the party on the last night and that led to that embarrassing situation with Sylvia.
What I have found out though about spiritual sex is this. This is now what I believe. Yes, spiritual sex does exist and is worth pursuing. It can be wonderful and magical. But it is spiritual energy that come first and then sexual energy. You cannot start with base animalistic sexual energy and hope there is a magic key for turning it into spiritual sex. There is not. Base sexual energy is purely physical and ultimately empty and unfulfilling. Boring even eventually. But if you start with spiritual behaviour, become a spiritually intelligent person, and practice spiritual love then spiritual energy is the foundation for finding the nirvana of spiritual sex be that with just one soul mate partner, or with multiple very close friends who are kindred spirits. You cannot do it the other around I am afraid. That is what I believe now anyway.
Thanks for listening. Have fun. Love from Rachel x