Synopsis: This series chronicles the real life of a true sub and fucktoy. She is controlled by her Master to be but an object, body, toy and holes for men to use. This is not fiction or fantasy. The people, activities and events are all true, but some names, locations and identifying details have been changed to protect the privacy of the people involved.
To fully understand and appreciate things and how she got to where she is now, it is recommended that you readThe Backstory.
Note: Entries with a date signify days she was used worthy of telling. However, she is used many other days, but not all are documented.
07/20/2023 - Neighbor Guys
She only work a 4-day week, so when today ended, her work week was done. That often ends up with her being used and today was one of those days. She was told to see if the boys were outside. After looking out the window that overlooks where they often hang out, she reported there were 2 outside.
While not the ideal number, she would still be able to serve her purpose. Since it was a warm summer day, she would dress accordingly and wear a new bikini she had bought on her own, knowing it would please her Master.
It is a micro g-string bikini with adjustable triangle top. She chose one that was bright blue and the edges outlined in neon green because it would draw still more attention to her.
The top is actually more like two thin strips that, when properly positioned, just barely cover her nipples and leave the rest of her tits fully exposed. The bottoms are just as small and revealing, with a patch just big enough to cover her pussy. They also leave her entire ass on display with the string disappearing between her cheeks. In addition to the bottoms being so scarce they barely cover her pussy, they are cut low, leaving her Fucktoy tattoo completely visible.
She chose it because of all that, but now wearing it and knowing she would be going outside, she was a little nervous with just how tiny and revealing it was and that her tattoo wasn't covered in the slightest. When asked how she felt with it on, she admitted she was nervous by how it was cut, but quickly added she liked how it looked and was very excited. She added that because it had no lining, her nipples were very noticeable.
When she went out, the boys immediately saw her and stared as she walked towards them. With each step, she felt even sluttier and could feel her pussy growing wetter and nipples harder. She wondered if the crotch showed how wet she was, but didn't dare look down to see.
When she was finally in front of them, she saw their eyes dart between her tits and pussy, which is exactly what she'd expected. She told them she was going to lay out for a bit, but saw them and wanted to see how they liked her new bikini. They could only manage to smile and say they really liked it.
Taking their cue, she spun to model it so they could see that her tight ass was fully exposed. Facing them again, she cupped her tits and tugged slightly at the bottoms, and asked if it was too small, too revealing. They emphatically said it was not and was perfect for her. Feigning relief, she said "Good, I was hoping you would like it."
They replied they did and it looked great on her. She quickly countered, "Actually it makes me look and feel slutty." They smiled their agreement and they continued to chat, giving them the chance to continue looking. As they did, she heard people down the street calling out and turned to see they were coming from some guys on a front porch. They were too far away to really appreciate her and the bikini, but obviously liked what they were able to see.
Liking the added attention, she kept the conversation going so she could stay outside longer. The guys down the street continued and eventually added some whistles and applause. She could hear them saying nice bikini, hot body and beckoning her to come their way. She turned in their direction so they could get a better look and asked if the boys knew them, but they did not.
She coyly commented, "It seems they like the bikini, too. But they probably don't know I'm a slut and what I'm good for." At a loss for words, they could only manage "I guess not." Not wanting to discourage the boys, she quickly added, "But you do. Would you like the slut out of her bikini so you can use her like she's meant?"
Her words had barely escaped her lips when they excitedly said they would. With that, she turned to lead them back to her place, adding an extra swagger to her strut. As they walked, she glanced down the street and smiled in their direction, knowing they could see her taking the boys back with her and likely knew why.
Once inside, she moved to the center of the room and could see the hard bulges in their shorts. Her hands gliding over the fringes of her bikini, she lowered her eyes to gaze at their shorts and asked "Would you like me to strip out of this while you take those off?. They quickly replied Yes! and the race to undress was on.
In no time, she stood naked before them, her hard nipples and glistening pussy freed. Their cocks were fully erect and ready to use her. "I see you are both very ready. How can this slut please you today?"
Her first orders were to move to the floor, which she obediently did, raising her hips high while pressing her tits down. "I hope this is good and I can please you and your cocks."
She soon felt a cock pressing against her pussy. As wet as she was, it easily slipped between her folds and inside. Unlike many times, he did not start slow. Instead, he just shoved the entire length of his cock deep into her, showing her what he wanted and what she was for. Apparently, her bikini, body and eagerness to be used had the desired effect.
The sudden onslaught catching her a bit by surprise, she gasped, but still maintained her position. As he continued thrusting into her again and again, she could tell he was more aggressive than usual. It felt like he was punishing her and her pussy for being such a cock tease, But she liked being pounded because it affirmed she is pleasing a guy.
While he started out fast, he soon slowed his rhythm to where he was more pulling back and reloading, only slam into her as hard as he could. Each time, she felt the sudden jolt as he bottomed out in the depths of her fuckhole, her body lurching forward. Eventually, she felt him reposition slightly to be more above her so he could lean down and in while fucking her. Soon, she felt the unmistakable quickening of his pace and finishing lunges as he emptied his cock inside her.
As he slid his drained cock out, she stayed in position, waiting to see if it would be replaced with another or she was moved. It only took a moment for her to find out she was not being moved. Instead, she was mounted again. Like before, he wasted no time shoving his entire cock into her slick hole.
More prepared this time, she accepted it, even pushing back to take it all. He began with a strong, fluid motion that soon had her rocking in sync with him. She knew to stay steady so she was fucked and not fucking him, but found her body craving the use and involuntarily met his thrusts so he was banging her hard.
Seeing what she was doing, he timed his assault to take full advantage of her and drive as deep and hard as he could. A low moan escaped her, fueling him to increase the speed he drilled in and out of her pussy. The faster he got, the more she pushed back to let him use her still more. The rhythmic thrashing went on and on until he grabbed her hips, arched his back and stabbed into her in a jerking motion, his cock gushing another load inside her.
While she had satisfied them like a good slut, she was not satisfied. Their use just made her want more. Still on the floor, her soaked pussy splayed before them, she asked if they had more use for her. Not surprisingly, they did, but before they could say what, she began to crawl in their direction. Beneath them, she peered up and said "May I suck you hard so you are ready to give the slut what she deserves?"
Gazing down on her and her slightly parted lips, they said "Yes, that would be good," and moved to stand side by side. Eagerly moving to her knees, her tits and hard nipples presented, she licked her lips. She uttered "Thank you" before taking one cock in her hand while encircling the other with her mouth.
She leaned in so it slowly slid through her lips and into her mouth, savoring the warm meat. Being careful to not push him too far, she began bobbing over it. Sucking lightly, her tongue lapping at the underside, she felt it grow harder, longer. At the same time, she stroked the cock in her fist, running the full length of his shaft, but not over the head.
Only wanting to get them to the point they really wanted to fuck her hard, she closely gauged how they were reacting. Soon, both were rock hard and enjoying her actions, then she switched. Hoping the change in sensations and her teasing was working, she continued sucking and stroking them together.
In time, she sensed they were both getting close - maybe too close, so she withdrew the one in her mouth and relaxed her grip on the other. Licking her lips again to show them how tasty they were, she rocked back slightly to rest her ass on her heels. She spread her knees wide to show them just how wet she was, then lowered her hand to mindlessly rub herself for them to see.
Her lust-filled eyes moved up to look at them. "Are you ready to use the slut like the fucktoy she is now?" Their cocks dancing in front of her, they said they were. "Good, I was hoping I could please you even more. Where would you like the slut?"
They only paused a moment before saying "On the couch, on your back, slut." Without hesitation she rose to obey, adding "As you wish." Once at the couch, she sat, then slouched down onto her back and spread her legs, revealing her juices had trickled down onto her thighs.
She watched as one approached and moved between her legs before leaning forward to place his hands on the back on the couch, leaving his cock but inches from her waiting pussy. He could tell she was not just ready, but eager. He pushed the head between her juicy lips and into her tight hole, but no more. No deeper.
Instead, he just rocked back and forth, just enough that the head popped in and out to torment her. She tried to push her hips up so more would slide in, but he rejected her efforts. He only wanted to tease her and it was working, her body writhing beneath him with futile attempts. He continued, relishing watching her get more needy and desperate to be fucked.
Resigned to just being his toy, she tried to calm herself. She closed her glazed eyes and relaxed her body to just accept what she was given. Seeing her eyes were closed, he seized the opportunity and brutally rammed his cock into her throbbing pussy, putting all his weight behind his penetration.
Caught off guard, she gasped and her eyes opened wide to see him wickedly grinning just as he slammed into her again, even harder. She felt him repeatedly shove his cock into her. He was, in her words, giving the slut what she deserved.
Seemingly motivated and re-energized, he just kept rough fucking her over and over. Each time, he crushed her deep into the cushions, only to do it again. He sometimes grunted from trying to use her with all his might. Soon, he reached out to grab the back of the couch for added leverage.
With a tight grip, he leaned in and pulled himself into her harder. She could feel his cock bury deeper into her until it could go no further. Calling on the last of his energy, he plunged into her and she felt his cock pulsing as it unloaded in her. He eased off some, but still continued using her pussy until he was fully drained.
As he pulled out of her, leaving her disheveled and her body glistening with sweat beads, he cowered over her long enough to ask "Is that what a fucktoy deserves?" She almost-sheepishly admitted, Yes. Thank you for letting the slut please you."
She laid there, trying the catch her breath, but her respite was short-lived as the other appeared before her. He saddled between her legs and pushed his cock into her bright pink pussy. She was being fucked again within only seconds between the two.
He was more methodical, gliding in and out in a steady rhythm, but she still felt his power as he, too, pushed into her hard and deep. That only lasted for a few minutes, when he grabbed both of her legs and raised them up high to drape them over his shoulders. As he did, it slid her body down, leaving her pussy more exposed and vulnerable to his cock.
Newly positioned, he used her legs like handles to hold and pull her to him and him into her. Almost as if she was a ragdoll, he tossed her body how it pleased him and she had no control over what he did. His cock was now buried deep and she was being fucked hard. And all she could do it is accept the punishment.
The longer he used her, the tighter his grip on her legs got. He was now in a pendulum type motion, just using her legs to pull her pussy over his cock each time he thrust inward. His speed had gradually increased to where the cock plunging into her was now a quick, regular pattern. She was tired and had no concept of time, but could tell he was very close. Then, with added vigor, he yanked on her legs to finish by spewing warm cum into her pussy.
As he pulled his cock out, he callously tossed her and her legs aside, leaving her strewn on her side on the couch. They gathered their clothes to re-dress and she knew they were finished with her. Mustering the strength to rise, she dutifully thanked them and add that she hoped the slut had pleased them. After showing them out, she returned to the couch and her Master.
She was permitted time to recover, while recounting how they made her feel and how she felt while being used. She professed how they were different than usual and roughly fucked her, but accepted that it was what she was for and wanted. When asked about going out in her new bikini, she said it was a little hard being so exposed, but how exciting it was, too.
She added that she liked the new attention from the neighbor guys and that they really seemed interested in her, even if only able to see her from a distance. Her Master commented that it was not surprising and that they would one day get to see her closer and use her, if they wanted. She simply replied, "Maybe today?", to which He inquired, "The slut wants used still more?" She answered with "Yes, please."
Proud of her willingness, He said she would walk down to see if they were still out. To keep her tattoo a hidden secret, she was told to wear her clingy, too short skirt along with the bikini top. Revitalized by the prospect of not only more use, but new cocks, she quickly changed and proclaimed she was ready.
Heading out, she made her way down the street, soon advising they were still outside and had already noticed her. As she got closer, she could hear them calling her their way until she was finally at the foot of the stairs leading up to the porch. As they moved to the railing, she could see there were 4 guys in their late 20s.
Staring at the top and how it barely covered her nipples, they invited her to come up on the porch. After climbing the steps, she now stood amongst them and diverted her eyes so they could inspect her tits and body with their eyes. Enjoying the attention, she stood steadfast while they lewdly commented how they liked the top and her tits.
One spoke up, "As small as it is, why don't you just take it off and show us your tits?" Without missing a beat, she replied, "If you'd like" and peeled the thin strips of fabric aside to expose her tits and that her nipples were rock hard. They were slightly surprised by her brazenness, but pleased by her obedience and liked her firm, round tits.
"Nice tits," one declared "But why the skirt and not the bikini bottoms from earlier." She calmly explained, "I thought they might be too revealing for the walk down here, but I hope you like the skirt." As she turned to show it off and that her ass cheeks poked from under the short hem, their reactions verified that they did.
Facing them again with her tits still on display, her wet pussy encouraged her to add "There is nothing under the skirt ... but me." Again, somewhat taken aback, but not wanting to let the opportunity pass, he said "If not, then prove it and show us what's under it."
She readily replied to his request with "If you wish." Their eyes followed her hands as she reached down to the bottom of the skirt and slowly pulled it up to expose what little of her thighs were not already showing and her bald pussy. She kept the skirt raised and spread her feet apart, knowing they could now clearly see that her pussy was wet with her juices.
Her presentation piqued their interest still more and elicited comments about how nice her pussy was and that it was wet. She spun to show them her tight ass before returning to show her pussy again. "Thank you. I know I am meant to please guys with my body."
She was besieged with more remarks about her and her body that grew more blunt and crude, until hearing one call her a slut. The term resonated deep inside her, provoking her to say "Yes, I am a slut and know it. But I'm more than just a slut and eye candy." Her admission was greeted by questions of what she meant, to which she said "Here, let me show you."
Inhaling slightly, she raised the skirt still bunched around her hips to reveal her tattoo. "I'm also this."
As they stared at the word Fucktoy inscribed above her pussy, smiles and excitement came across all of them. One of them asked if she was a whore, to which she quickly retorted, "No, I am a slut and fucktoy, not a whore." One asked what that meant.
She proceeded to explain she was a controlled slut, that she was owned by her Master and how He controlled her. That she was trained to be used by guys to please them when instructed by her Master. When asked if they could use her, she straightforwardly said "Yes, of course, I was sent down here for you to use this slut however you wish. How would you like to use me?" An immediate answer was "Hard!" She simply replied, "You may, if it pleases you."
They hungrily moved to direct her inside, but she said she preferred they came back to her place. Not wanting to miss out on the opportunity, they said that was fine and she blissfully descended from the porch, leading them back down the road. As they walked, she answered other questions they had, including that the reason she was texting was to keep her Master updated and that she would continue to do so, even while being used. Clearly, none of them had a problem with that.
Back home and having answered all their questions while walking back, she knew they were eager to get started. Without asking, she stripped out of her skirt and top, then stood in Presentation position before them. As they undressed, she saw their cocks were already hard, but bigger than average, one being about 8" long. The effect of seeing all their cocks and knowing they would soon use her was evident, as her pussy was now soaked and throbbing.
Taking the lead, she asked where they would like her to be used. After surveying the room, they decided bent over the arm of the couch would please them. Crossing in front of them, she moved to the end, leaned forward to drape her body over the arm and spread her feet to allow easy access to her holes. Then she waited.
One quickly moved behind her and guided the head of his cock against her wet pussy. After sliding it up and down once or twice, he leaned forward and slid it in. He started slowly, feeding more and more into her tight hole, stretching and filling her as he did. It didn't take long before he was fully immersed and he changed his ways and he began fucking her hard.
She felt as he reared back to almost let it slip out, then ram into her again. As he repeated that motion, he just got harder. The couch, holding her in place, made it easy for him to penetrate just as deep as he could. Not only was he bigger than the boys who had fucked her, he was much rougher.
Still tender from the earlier use, she felt each thrust as he slammed into her. Wondering if they would all use her that way, she just settled in to accept the abuse. And abused she was, as he just got harder, not caring how it was for her. He continued, pushing her forward each time his cock pushed deeper until she felt him lurching forward and twitching inside her as he deposited his load.
Still laying on the couch arm, she took the opportunity to rest while waiting for the next guy. It wasn't long before a new cock pressed against her pussy. As wet as she was, it slid in with no resistance and he just kept pushing until it stopped. He stayed there a moment, as if gauging how tight and deep she was, then slowly retracted his shaft, once again pausing with just the head still in her hole.
It was only a second or two, but the anticipation felt more like minutes as she waited for his cock to move. When it did, it was a powerful, fluid motion that buried him deep in her pussy. As fast as it went in, he pulled it back out, only to ram into her again. The force rocked her body against the couch.
In no time, he was at a fevered pitch, putting max effort into each thrust to try and be harder. As the steady pace continued, she felt his cock strike her cervix each time. Bang. Bang. Bang. The monotony made it both predictable and mind-numbing. She'd been reduced to just a hole for him.
He took full advantage of the new-found slut, fucking her like other girls would not allow --- or be able to handle. The repetitive motion soon had his cock swelling as his orgasm was eminent. He dove deeper and harder into her as his cock finally gushed its creamy fluid. He continued milking his cock until letting it fall out of her.
Her pussy was now rosy-red and throbbing, both from the punishment it had received, as well as the excitement she gets from that type abuse. And she knew there was still more to come. She waited patiently for what was in store for her next, her juice trickling down her inner thighs.
Before long, another cock tunneled between her swollen lips and into her fuckhole. He wasted no time filling her with the entire rigid shaft. Once he'd established the feel and limits of her pussy, the fucking started all over. Like the others, he was very hard and rough. She could feel how their cocks were longer and fatter than average. As he rode her, it felt good to her to have her pussy and endurance tested. Any signs of fatigue were overtaken by the feeling she gets being used by guys to please them.
She was serving just that purpose. This guy was relentless in how he desecrated her tight hole, getting faster and harsher the longer he fucked her. It was obvious he only cared about himself and not how the slut felt. Eventually, the brutal pounding ended, but only after he had cum in her pussy. He dragged is cock out and left her laying there, waiting for the last of the four.
A moment passed before she heard one say, "Get up, slut!" She lifted her limp body off the couch and turned to see all of them looking at her. She had been unable to see them because of how she was positioned, so she was unaware of which ones had already fucked her. She only knew that the hard cock directly in front hadn't ... yet.
As she glanced down, she not only saw that he was hard, but that he was the one with the biggest cock. It was at least 2 inches longer than the others and thick. She didn't know if he had intentionally waited to be last, but knew would be the next.
"Get down there, slut." His words diverting her attention back to her task at hand, she looked up to see him pointing to the floor. She knew what that meant and immediately obeyed, presenting herself for more use, her two holes making an inviting target. As she settled into position, she felt the cool air on her spread pussy, clearly an indication that it was soaked. And she knew all of them, including the next guy, could see that their use had made her that way.
Her pussy was sore and knew this cock would be even harder for her and on her. Even so, she wanted it badly. She wanted him to punish her pussy with his big cock. Her head down low as trained, she could only sense his presence as he moved behind her.
His hands rested on her hips, holding her in place. Next, she felt his mushroomed head press between her wet lips, but he just barely popped it inside her and held it there. She wanted it, but involuntarily tensed slightly as it ever so slightly moved in and out, up and down. The anticipation just made her want it even more. Then suddenly, it was gone.
She stayed in position, waiting for it to slam hard into her pussy. Then, abruptly, she felt it again --- forcing its way into her ass. She did not expect that and was not ready for it. An involuntary "Owww" escaped her lips as he continued to push deeper into her brown hole.
The thickness of his cock stretched her asshole as he fed more and more of his shaft into her. She struggled with his size, as well as persistence, not pausing to give her a chance to adapt. Instead, the more he had inside her, the harder he pushed to fill her more, his hips moving back and forth in a steady motion.
She'd never had a cock that size in her ass and it was showing. Her ass was screaming for him to stop, but the slut knew it was what she was for and wanted him to make her prove she was a fucktoy. Then, as suddenly as it started, it stopped. It was deeper than any cock had ever been and she felt like she would be split open. She tried her best to adapt to it, but he didn't give her the chance. She felt him begin to withdraw his cock, leaving the space it vacated gaping, but it was quickly filled as he came crashing into her again.
Her first feeling was that of abuse, not use. When it buried deep into her ass, it took her breath away. She gasped from the agony of its size, its force as he continued to drive through her hole until he could go no further. He could tell she was laboring to handle his cock, but that was nothing new for him. Or, with this slut, something he cared about.
After a few minutes, he established a tempo that banged her ass, almost on cue. Her petite body lurched forward under the weight of his thrusts. Her tight hole was being violated and all she could do it take it. He'd made her his anal slut and was enjoying every bit of it.
Her mind foggy from the brutal assault, she felt his hands tight around her hips. She thought he was getting close, but he just wanted to be even rougher. His hands clenched her flesh to pull her back to meet his every thrust. She felt his cock inch deeper as he increased his pace and jerked her body like the toy it was.
His movements became harsher, then erratic and he finally pushed her hips forward while his cock spewed his load deep inside her. His motion and intensity slowed, but he continued to empty all he could into her. Content, he popped his cock from her, leaving her puckered hole now agape.
Thoroughly used and totally drained, she fell to the floor in front of them, barely aware of their presence. Her ass was sore and pussy pulsed from use. The guys knew she needed a break, so they let her lay there while speaking amongst themselves.
She couldn't hear all that they said, but was able to tell one was talking about how tight her pussy was. But the last one said that was nothing compared to how tight her ass was. Hearing their words and how they objectified her just as holes appealed to her inner demons and excited her. Looking down, she could see that even after what she'd endured, her pussy was still very wet.
After some water and 5 minutes of rest, she had mostly recuperated and regained her strength. Seeing her stir, they looked her way to see what she would do. Pivoting, she moved to her knees and spread them apart, not only because of her training, but to show them she was still glistening with her juices.
She could see they were all hard again, but still asked "Do you have more use for the slut?" They smiled slightly, saying they did. "I am glad. How can she please you now?"
Without a word, one moved to the floor and laid on his back, his cock pointing up. "Get on", he said. Dutifully, she rose and moved to him, straddling his hips while facing him and lowered her waiting pussy until she felt his head poking against it. As she slowly sank over it, he clutched her hips and pushed down, forcing her to take his entire length in her wet hole, all in one motion.
Impaled once again, he said "Ride it, slut!" Obeying, she began to rise up, then fall down onto it while he raised his hips to push deeper. His hands still holding her hips, he began to push her down each time she dropped, his cock now fucking her harder.
"Good girl. Now lean forward and take it deeper" he ordered. Doing as instructed, she bent down and placed her hands on the floor beside him. Immediately, she felt the change in position let his shaft slip in even further. He continued using his hands to guide her, force her to fuck him.
Not accustomed to being the one doing the fucking, she concentrated on riding the full length to give him the most pleasure. Slowly, steady that cadence persisted and she didn't notice another had moved behind her. She quickly found out, when he started pushing his cock into her raised ass.
She flinched at the first touch, but the one under her held her firmly in place. Unable to stop it, she felt it penetrate and push inside. Still stretched from the big cock earlier, it was soon buried inside her. And she knew what was next.
With that, both cocks were using her. The one in her pussy picked up where it left off and the other was now banging her ass. The in and out of both holes were erratic at time, but, in time, synced up so both alternated pumped into her.
The two cocks filled her, stretched her and continued their assault. She could feel them rubbing against each other inside her fuckholes. She was a toy --- a fucktoy - to them now. Degraded and used unlike she had been before. They just kept getting harder, going deeper, making it hard on her and for her, but not caring about her --- only themselves.
The pummeling went on for what seemed like forever until she felt the cock in her pussy convulse, unleashing his load. While he slowed, the one behind her persisted and she now felt his abuse even stronger. He went on for a couple more minutes, before cumming in her dark hole.
Skewered between their cocks she was unable to move until the guy in her ass pulled out, freeing her so the one under her could push her aside onto the floor like the well-used slut she was. Reduced to a heap of flesh, she just laid on her side, her two holes throbbing from the use, her mind swimming.
Panting, she opened her eyes to see the four across the room talking, but could not hear their words. Focusing, she could see two semi-hard cocks and knew they were the ones who had just used her. But two others still stood fully erect, a reminder that there was more use ahead for her. She knew it was her job, but she was unable to raise her body.
Moments passed as she regained her breath and cleared her head. They continued to talk, but kept an eye on her, especially the 2 waiting another turn, their hand slowly stroking their cocks in anticipation. Finally, she advised her Master she was ready, then let the last 2 know. When asked how she could please them again, they did not hesitate in the slightest in saying they wanted the same.
She expected just that and responded with "If you wish." She watched as one stepped forward and moved to the floor, his cock standing upright. Pulling herself up, she crawled into position, her still wet pussy pressing against the tip of his cock. Working her hips, she pressed down onto it, forcing it inside here, then continued rocking until she had engulfed the full length.
Unlike before, he remained mostly motionless, other than slowly pushing up, as if adjusting the fit of his cock deep inside her. Knowing what was next, she submissively leaned forward and raised her hips, to present her asshole to the other guy. Her readiness was greeted by his cock pushing between her now gaped hole. While it was still tight and offered some resistance, it was far more accessible now.
He worked the shaft back and forth, stretching and filling her again. She felt it go deeper until it eventually reached its limit. Both cocks now in her, she drew in a breath, waiting for the onslaught to begin. And in seconds, they began moving through her fuckholes.
The pace was unhurried, but each inward motion ended with a hard shove, banging the bottom of her holes. Soon, both guys had their hands on her to guide her, pace her and use her as leverage to pound into her. Like before, their movements ultimately aligned to where she was just a toy being pushed back and forth over their cocks.
As they continued to use her, they got harder and faster. She could feel the 2 cocks meet deep inside her and slide against each other, separated only by the wall between her two holes. The sensation was both exciting and degrading. She was accustomed to being fucked, but this made her feel much more like she really was reduced to just holes.
The guys now totally controlled her body, pushing and shoving her to what felt best to them. She let them do what they wanted to please them, but also because she was unable to resist. Their free access to her body and holes had grown to where they were savagely slamming into her holes again and again. No sooner would one bottom out, then she'd feel the other do the same.
The repetitious drubbing was taking a toll on her. She knew they were close by how they were moving and clenching her hips tighter. It felt like they were fighting for control of her and her holes, each one wanting to use her for himself. Suddenly, the one in her ass squeezed her tight and pushed deeper still, unloading his cock inside her. As he held her tight, the other pulled her down, pressing her body to his. Lifting his hips, he shoved his cock to her cervix before it spurted into her, too.
The movements slowed until they stopped, leaving a mass of bodies on the floor. As the one guy extracted his spent cock from her ass, she rolled off the other one to lay on her back. Her body heaving from the use, her tits rose and fell as she laid strewn on the floor. Both holes were now throbbing and red from all the use, but her pussy was soaked with her juices.
The guys gathered again, talking about her while looking at her on the floor. Her breathing was labored and, as she laid there with eyes closed, she clearly was not fully aware of her surroundings. She managed to let her Master know the 2 guys were done and, when asked if all of them were done with her, she plead "No more, please. Too sore."
The slut's usual reply is that she will or will at least try to be used more, but declaring she was defeated and could not go on had only happened maybe once before. Being so obedient and always willing to do as instructed and accept the use of guys had earned her the privilege of saying she needed to stop. She was instructed to let the guys know, but thank them for their use and that she felt confident her Master would let them use her again.
Now alone, she knew there were more guys to not only use the fucktoy, but who knew how they could. Should.

- - - - - - - -

Up Next: More tales of the Fucktoy being used.