©2015, 2016, 2017 Literocat
Prologue
This is a story of introductions, obsessions, clarifications and a course altering week that served as a delta for the four main characters. I knew their attitudes and actions changed soon after they met, but I didn't know this was that story. Did their personalities truly change or did they just recognize and accept the unacceptable? You decide.
Steve and Sue will tell you their sordid tale in a parallel story and time line.
And so it began
A few years ago, in a Networking class, I met at least three memorable people. Steve, who has remained a friend thru the years and thousands of miles of separation; Jen, a pretty and petite woman with a warm and attractive personality, and figure. A deep sadness traveled with her, yet she kept a happy pretense alive. She was still shocked by the surprise end of her marriage and I tried to be a friend she could lean on, despite my attraction to her and my lustful intentions. We eventually dated briefly.
It didn't go very far since she was still grieving and my girl and I were in a not so brief 'timeout'. After four months of separation and angry avoidance, when Sue heard about Jen, she melted her polar, frigid position just enough to casually wave hello in passing. She also stuck her head in the classroom, supposedly to answer notes I sent her, but in reality to observe Jen and me. I refused to get my hopes up that we were getting back together. She might have been jealous or just checking to see if I'd really moved on. I knew how stubborn she could be and how much she hated being predictable. Fortunately, she didn't see how attracted to the third memorable person I was.
That third person is the subject of this tale. Laura{spirit-of-halloween,spirit-of-halloween-nightmare,halloween-surprises,empress-new-underclothes} was the most stunningly gorgeous woman I'd ever seen - in real life, porn or celebrity — stunning! A compact and petite ninety-nine pounds, ten of those were in her D-cups; her tiny 5'1" frame was otherwise perfectly proportioned. Her small, sexy waist swelled nicely across her perfectly curvaceous hips and a high, firm, well-rounded butt. Though she usually wore slacks since it was winter, when she wore a skirt, her sexy, toned, but not muscular, flawless gams locked all eyes on her petite thighs.
Ultimately, the 'reasons' her stunning facial features were such a paragon of beauty was an inexplicable enigma that I had to try to decode. One day I'll try matching her stunning face to the golden triangle metric of universal beauty. Until then, I try to catch my breath and breathe. At first, I tried to stare subtly. It wasn't easy and may not even be possible, especially when you are besotted with the subject. She had to know I was staring stupidly since she must have left a long trail of mesmerized men behind.
Even her clavicle was perfectly shaped in twin, soft and sensuous curves; her chin was at once bold and feminine, her lustrous smile and sexy, curved, wicked lips were deadly; her tongue teased and remained untasted, to my chagrin; her breath was flowerily sweet; her cutely shapely nose contributed to her ingenue airs; bright and deep blue eyes captivated, hypnotized and subtly broadcast the profound intelligence behind them; thick eyebrows should have been a detraction, yet on her, they were sexy and shapely; her tall, flat, forehead helped shape her flawless face which had NO bad side and her dark brown, scapula length, nearly straight hair managed to wisp around her jaw and perfectly frame her fair face. Absolutely stunning! All that without makeup!
When she walked into a room, I couldn't help but sigh. She was so guileless and down-to-earth that her spirit glowed with her ingenue and relaxed innocence. I never heard her curse or be obscene, yet the naughty twinkle in her eye said she wasn't perfectly innocent or virginal. She was always elegant, refined, modest, friendly and approachable, never one to tilt her nose up with the 'I'm a goddess and too good for any of you' attitude that she well deserved. Her relaxed smile, positive attitude and general kindness, despite my awe and deserved sense of unworthiness, emboldened me to approach her. First with false need for help with class problems which she easily saw thru. Yet, she was open to me and presented her own class needs to me. Real, or not? I didn't care. There was no way she could be attracted to lil-ol-me, was there? Breathless at the prospect, I couldn't dare entertain the idea. Is there any way this paragon of perfection could stay in my life a while? Maybe forever? Yet, we advanced to hanging out and casual lunch dates, usually with Steve.
Several weeks later, on one of these trio lunches, at a glassed in patio of a Mexican place, I confessed my veneration. By then it was obvious that she knew that Steve and I were dazzled by her persona, physical and spiritual, though we never mentioned it. She'd chosen to wear a moderately short skirt despite the frigid and snowy weather. It was impossible to hide my gaga stares at her sexy legs thru the glass table. Casual chat lead to innocent teasing and taunts and exploring just how innocent she was. Her skirt rested far up her thighs and she delighted in teasing me with casual knee splaying followed by my soft moans. I bravely leapt thru the now open door before Steve did. My heart raced and pounded so loudly I was sure she could hear it. "Listen, bella, I'm going to say some things, truths, that umm, (gulp) may change things for us, but I have to relieve this huge pressure in my chest . . . "
"Well, Honest ABE, I didn't know we had a thing going on," she teased and smirked beautifully. One knee only turned toward me and flashed most of her perfect inner thighs at me. I watched her lips move and imagined my lips on hers, my tongue in her perfect, hot mouth; my heart raced faster. When she leaned to put her treasured hand on mine, I quickly pulled away and avoided contact. Her smile fell and she looked confused and maybe a bit hurt. I felt pained by the pain I saw in her. "Why did you do that? I was only teasing you about your name, Al."
"Yes, I know and that's not it. You know what 'bella' means and it was nothing but a simple compliment. I moved away because I thought your hand was going to 'burn' me. Youknow, or at least know that I believe, that you areextremely hot. I feel your natural radiance warming me and felt that if you touched me, I'd bubble away, my wax wings would melt and I'd burn and crash. How'sthatfor mixed metaphors? You befuddle my mind. Whatthingam I risking? I feel I'm risking your friendship, your daily dose of pure, beautiful energy that enlivens me. I look forward to that dose of grace, and hate the thought of risking it. Here goes . . ."
I took a deep, nervous breath and decided to expose myself though Steve was still present. "I have no expectations of you. I look at your stunningly beautiful face and look hard for the least flaw. You're an easy 10, so I switch to a scale of 100 just so I can find the tiniest bit of imperfection. I can't findanythingthat mars your skin or facial beauty. I hate to say anyone is a 100, so I dig deep. For some, your thick eyebrows or the slightest bags under eyes should knock you down several points. In you, I see them and they don't diminish you in the least. One day you will sprout crows feet, and I'm sure they will blend perfectly just for you. I won't comment on your obvious features below your collar, well, except for one word - WOW!" I glanced blatantly at her tempting thighs again.
"I can say all this since I know I don't have a chance with you since you are so far out of my range. I feel your powerful spirituality and love your intelligence. Youarea paragon of perfection and a solid 100 all around. If I thought I had a chance with you, I would seriously hit on you and try to convince you that I would love you for all my life. But I don't stand a chance against perfection since I'm far from perfect and just average overall. Leaping for you would leave me a thousand miles short of the humble pedestal you live on. Those are the extremely important things I'm risking." I sighed deeply and realized I blew even the slightest chance with her with my humiliating blabber.
Steve, being a good guy, excused himself and left us to talk. "Oh, Al. I'm not perfect either. My face is a gift I had nothing to do with. You say I'm pretty, but you should see my sister. SHE is the pretty one. I've always been in her shadow. I have, I never told anyone this, a mole on each foot and a little extra body hair in the wrong places. No, I'm not perfect." She squeezed my wrist. I felt my skin sizzle and loved it. "You arenota thousand miles away. You arenot'just average,' at least the parts I can see." Her eyes twinkled mischievously as she glanced thru the table at my lap. My eyes and my dick surged in synch! "I see a lot in you that I like, or I wouldn't be here. At the right time, we might both leap and easily cover the meter, at worst, between us. There is no pedestal."
My heart raced out of control, my breath scarce. Was she just being characteristically humble and more loveable, or was she telling me she had secrets and was interested? I tenderly covered her hand that covered mine. "Well, I'll have to see those moles and your hairy bits to possibly lower my opinion. Maybe one day? I look forward to seeing my first beautiful, perfect mole." It was difficult to refrain from saying that I'd love to lick those feet, suck her sexy toes and kiss those moles. I had no hope of ever seeing her naked or getting into her sexy pants. Did I?
Steve returned, after obviously eavesdropping, "Count me in! I want to see all your hairy bits too." I grimaced; she laughed, slapped his arm and giggled at his innuendo then called him a very naughty boy. That's when I knew I was in trouble. She didn't believe she was worthy of a pedestal and anyone who thought so was a shallow, unworthy fan boy that she couldn't take seriously. Steve just showed her that funny arrogance that diffuses the annoying admiration that a goddess like Laura was tired of deflecting.
We returned to class for the last session before Xmas break and decided to hang out after class in the same room since we knew it wasn't booked. Being all out nerds, and grabbing any excuse to hang out longer, after we quickly finished our holiday homework, we explored advanced programming topics and tricks. Brainy and beautiful Laura was unbeatable. She kept rocking her knees apart and pointing her gaping thighs at just me. Was she teasing and flirting with me? Were her bare thighs an actual invitation? Steve took the hint and packed up after an hour, saying he had someplace to be. I easily convinced lovely Laura to stay and challenged her to a knowledge game. Assuming a more distant, funny and slightly insulting demeanor instead of the wimpy acolyte, I proposed we alternate tough questions. My mind went into devious mode to plan how I might coerce or challenge my goddess to strip for me or at least show me her 'flaws.'
Naughty Laura's eyes perked up in a devious way. She proposed, "Fail to answer correctly and you have to agree to a slightly indecent dare." As I hoped, she was intrigued and over confident even as she negotiated the rules of our impromptu game. In fact, since she had the brainy high ground, she thought she'd take advantage and try to embarrass me. "Hmm, any dare has to be restricted to this room, so no streaking the halls or other classes."
Streaking?! Is that where this was going? Who is coercing whom? Though it was well past class hours and nearing 18:00, some evening classes would be starting soon. Maybe even inthisroom? Until her comments and glances at my groin, I had not dared to hope for a chance to get her to strip. I wonder what she is really trying to prove. Either she was trying to 'normalize' her image, or she had a genuine interest in me. She couldn't be a 'mean girl' just pranking me. Could she?
Grinning widely, she continued, "Let's simply agree that for every questionyoufail to answer correctly,youhave to strip off something, shoes, socks, belts and jewelry don't count. Thenyouhave to climb onto the desk and dance for me for two minutes. Make it a sexy bump and grind. I'm going to enjoy this game!"
"Oh, so you really are a naughty [goddess] girl! Well, that helps — you just dropped all the way down to [100] 88! This sounds like you've played a lot of strip poker/trivia! You, umm, want to play thisnow? 'Streaking?' Give me a break or I don't stand a chance against you, smarty pants. We have to include trivia andyouhave the same penalties. Let's 'simply' agree that we have to start our answer within thirty seconds and whenyouare naked, you have show me your hairy problems, and molesanddo an embarrassing dare!"
"Agreed. That's Ms Smarty Panties to you! Ladies first.Prove that half of twelve is seven.Your thirty seconds start NOW! Tick tock." Did she just agree topossiblyget naked for me? WOW! Wait, that was too easy!
"Pretty slick,not! I'd use either REXX to manipulate a simple array or, for better optics, Visual Basic to show the formula ' ½ of XII =' Then split XII horizontally and remove its lower half so the result is 'VII'. BAM! You didn't expect me to write the actual program in thirty seconds, did you? Up on the desk you [gorgeous goddess] silly girl. Lose the boots and your choice of blouse or skirt."
"Oh fuck! I mean 'Damn'! Sorry." She kicked off her boots and I gathered them for further use. "Go close and lock the door," she demanded as she climbed shamelessly onto the desk and exposed her blue mini bikini panties. My heart skipped.
"For shame! You dropped an unnecessary F-bomb. That drops you another eight points to [100] 80. You're on a slippery slope and sliding down to super model range. The door stays open! We agreed to no streaking in the halls, but never said we had to close the door. In fact, I'm opening the blinds too so we can see the snow and anyone who comes to shovel it. Think how much more thrilling it will be if,when, Steve comes back, or the janitor, another teacher, an evening student or other stranger peeks in and sees you showing some more cellulite. Isn't that whyyousuggested this stripping game, for the high risk of getting caught? I didn't realize you were an exhibitionist!" Exposed before exposing, she blushed.
"Hey! I don't have ANY cellulite! How do you know me so well already? I never told anyone that I umm, sometimes like to flash - not even my sisters. Please, PLEASE close the door?"
"Sorry, babe. I knew the open door would get your heart racing nearly as fast as mine does just [dreaming of your perfect pulchritude] thinking about your ugly moles. Toss me your blouse as you dance for me."
"What happened to my timid fan boy? I thought you liked me?" She pouted perfectly and slowly, nervously unbuttoned her blouse as she checked the door and gyrated. I sat on a chair behind the desk and looked up at her. "Are you looking up my skirt?"
"Of course I am. I haven't seen you in a swim suit,yet,so I have no doubt you've been hiding two [extremely delightful, perfect legs] thunder thighs. You poor thing." Now we see how she swings. I never suspected her naughty, seamy side. Was all this a hidden facet I exposed or was this a special treat just for me?
"Screw you and the thunder thighs Idon'thave!" I wish, I told myself. Hips gyrating slowly, constantly, she swept teasingly over her overstuffed baby blue bra then removed and tossed her translucent white blouse at me. I grabbed my chest and grinned a fake attack. She bent her knees and twerked her shapely ass briskly. Happily, that also shook her prominent, tempting tits. Her panties flashed each time her skirt bounced as she breathily looked over her shoulder at me, her pawn. An hillock of smooth, perfect ass cheek teased me until her generous gelatinous breasts aimed their thick nipples thru her sturdy bra. She watched me watching her; watched my dick tent my slacks and flashed me a beguiling smile. "Down boy, two minutes are up. Your turn."
"You sorceress! I nearly forgot. OK, try this one.A man named Tom walks into a restaurant for lunch. He asks the waitress if she is good at solving puzzles. She replies she is. So Tom says, 'I'll have sausage and noodles drenched with ice cream, hashed. And if you bring me what I really want I'll leave you a $100 tip, if not I get to suckle your bare tits right here in this booth.' A few minutes later she brought him exactly what he wanted, and, disappointed, he left her the large tip. What did Tom really eat for lunch?You don't have to write a program, just deduce the answer. Tick-tock!"
After a long pause, I called TIME. "Hey! There's no program to write to solve that and not enough info to begin."
A big, smug smile took over my face. "Since we allowed trivia, 3-D questions are in too. This is actually simple. Take the first letter of each word in his order and you get . . . S-A-N-D-W-I-C-H. Strip, bella." Someone was at the outside window, cupping his eyes against the glass for a better view. My pounding heart and bishop overrode and blanked my brain. I didn't tell my stunning exhibitionist for fear she'd stop her performance. Ineededto know how far she was willing to go.
Her beautiful eyes bulged, her sultry mouth dropped and she squeaked "Son of a bee . . . OK, you got me." She started swishing her hips and tits again for me for a full minute, her eyes locked on mine or my groin, then she finally teased her zipper down and let her skirt fall. She kicked it to me and giggled when she saw me lick my lips. My goddess was stripping for me and her panties were wet! I moaned lightly as my dick surged. "Did I do that?" she asked as she pointed to my obvious swelling. She slowed her swishing and hip thrusts and I locked onto the thick hump of her mons, the puffy, twisty nest of dark hair trying to rip thru her translucent panties and the thick, swelling, wet, camel toe that forced another moan from me. When she slowly pulled her tiny panties up, tighter against her perfect, shapely ass and against her wet slit, I saw a tiny dome outlined at the top of her slit. I gasped. "You silly boy. Haven't you ever seen a near naked woman before?"
I gasped again "y-y-yes, of course, but . . . well, your thighs aren't too bad after all [they were perfection of course]. Is-is it my t-t-turn?" She hopped off the desk, pressed her glorious tits against me and gently kissed my cheek before warming my ear. "Oh GOD! You are going to make me soil my slacks," I whispered.
"Ohh, no. We can't have that. Focus on the puzzle; it's a tough one.You have two identical eggs. Standing in front of a 100-floor building, you wonder what is the maximum number of floors from which the egg can be dropped without breaking it. What is the minimum number of tries needed to find out the solution?"

"Bella, that's TWO questions, so do you expect a penalty for each failure and two penalties for you if I get them both? Crossing my fingers, since that would get you COMPLETELY naked for me. Are you ready for that?"

"Areyou?" She grinned at my discomfort. "Tick tock!" Was I? Though I'd often challenged myself, I was never an obvious exhibitionist; in fact I was persistently shy about exposing my gents.
"Hmm, the easiest way to do this would be to start from the first floor and drop the egg. If it doesn't break, move on to the next floor. If it does break, then we know the maximum floor the egg will survive is zero. If we continue this process, we will easily find out the maximum floors the egg will survive with just one egg. So the maximum number of tries is 100 that is when the egg survives even at the 100th floor."
"OK, I accept that. Time's up! Any idea what the minimum is?" I said I needed another time slot for the second question. "Sure, sweetie. Start now." There just wasn't enough time to resolve this. "TIME! We each get a penalty. It looks like your slacks are a bit looser so they can come off easier." She brashly palmed my dick and it surged back to life as I gasped. "The second answer may help you shrink back a bit.
"Instead of taking equal intervals, we can increase the number of floors by one less than the previous increment. For example, let's first try at floor 14. If it breaks, then we need 13 more tries to find the solution. If it doesn't break, then we should try floor 27 (14 + 13). If it breaks, we need 12 more tries to find the solution. So the initial 2 tries plus the additional 12 tries would still be 14 tries in total. If it doesn't break, we can try 39 (27 + 12) and so on. Using 14 as the initial floor, we can reach up to floor 105 (14 + 13 + 12 + ... + 1) before we need more than 14 tries. Since we only need to cover 100 floors, 14 tries is sufficient to find the solution. Therefore, 14 is the least number of tries to find out the solution."

"Ouch. That makes my head hurt. I guess you want me up on the desk?" She nodded, her tits shook alluringly as she clapped and beamed. I climbed up and savored the improved view of her deep cleavage before I loosened my belt. My face warmed from the blushing as I unzipped and loosened my slacks. Laura sat on the edge of a chair and leaned back; she purposefully watched my pathetic performance as I helped my slacks fall. Even my tighty whities couldn't reign in my stiffness. A small smile grew on her beautiful face and her right hand cupped her mons as her legs fell open.
I stepped out of my slacks and kept twerking as she rubbed thru her wet area, up her ravine and over her clit. I had to close my eyes to avoid an early release. When I opened them, her hand was in her panties, slowly circling her clit. My breathing got ragged as I watched until I sputtered, "It's y-y-your turn." Though I climbed down, she continued to stroke herself, arced her head back and shuddered soundlessly. "WOW! Those glorious tits!" I whispered then took her hand and helped her get on the desk.
She was still breathing hard and barely smiling, yet managed to gyrate her half-soaked panties. Eyes locked on mine, she thumbed her panties and began peeling them off. My eyes kept dashing to her remaining clothing strip; her chest, tits and throat grew deeper red; her curly topiary was perfect, of course; her crack appeared and her turgid clit pushed her labia apart and begged for attention. There it was! THAT was what the vulva of a goddess looked like. It was radiant, bright pink inside, succulent and open in the hooded shape of the Madonna with her arms and robe spread beatifically. Game over! Restraint over! Three voyeurs were fogging up the windows as they watched her perfect, bare ass appear. One of them was yanking his wanker in the frosty air. If she noticed, she didn't let on.
She draped her wet panties on my shoulder. "Merry and Happy Xmas!" she whispered in a new, raspy voice. I agreed with the emboldened sentiment, pressed the wettest part of her panties against my nose and inhaled deeply. She smiled and arced her naked mons at me. As I sucked and licked her nectar from her gusset, I thought I saw her peek over her shoulder toward the windows and the seven men with seven exposed, hard cocks thrusting against the frigid glass. "Considerthismy first Christmas gift to you." Then she dropped her voice to a whisper I strained to hear. "And to them."
Emboldened, I hugged her gorgeous gams and pulled her pussy to my face. After opening her legs, I pushed my nose and tongue into her godly gash, inhaled and tasted paradise. Even her moaning was heavenly, like a chorus of beatific all-white angels in a perfect harmony of orgasm. When I exposed and sucked her clit, her knees buckled and she collapsed onto the desk. I was acutely aware that my goddess had her open legs and perfect pussy aimed at the outside windows. She spread her legs wider and her succulent labia parted without my help. Now sure she was aware of the ten half naked men at the windows and wanted them to see her intimately exposed, I chose to support her compulsion and let them watch her pussy pulse.
As I lifted her head to finally kiss my fallen angel, she glanced at my stiffness that obscenely tented my briefs. After sensuously licking her lips, she slid her hand inside my briefs and around my throbbing cock. My knees shook and I nearly erupted. "You better hold back if you want to make my Xmas happy too!" she opined as she firmly squeezed my cock. After she slightly rolled and pushed my briefs to my knees, I helped them fall away. "Mm, uncut, thick and as delectable as I hoped. A bit hairy, but I'll shave you later if you'll let me. Consider it another gift." She smiled wickedly.
Let her? Later? Ingenue she wasn't! I wondered; was I just another notch in this irresistible vixen's belt? At that point, I didn't really care. As I kissed her passionately, I released her bra and tossed it toward the fogged up windows. She returned the soulful kiss, pulled my cock up, deliberately into view of the voyeurs, spread her legs over the end of the desk to open her pussy for them again and slowly pumped me for them, exposing then hiding my purple crown as she deftly fingered her clit. Multitasking perfectly, she masturbated for them and me. Breathlessly, I barely whispered, "You are too much! If you expect me to last long enough to please you with more than my mouth and hand, you'll have to relieve me now. Believe me, it won't take long!"
She stopped jerking me and slowly broke our kiss. As our mouths breathlessly separated, a single, thin, strand of saliva bridged our lips. As it stretched and drooped into an obstinate, inverted, bell curve, we focused on it and felt our intimacy solidify. We moved slowly until the strand finally broke. As she rolled off the desk and aimed her widely spread legs and pussy at the door she'd wanted me to close earlier, we heard a grunt from the windows. One of the men splashed his seed against it and it seemed to freeze there. She smiled broadly. As she adjusted her heavy, hanging tits over the edge to swing freely for me, I stepped back and proudly let our audience see my rigid cock align with her face.
After a brief, comfortable look at the windows, she licked her lips as she stared at my welcome cock. Who was this lusty creature and what had she done with immaculate Laura? When I stepped closer, she cupped my balls, slid her middle finger along my taint and rubbed my puckered hole. Still full of surprises, she lightly kissed my bishop before licking down then up my shaft. "Before I swallow this lovely, stiff rod, you should know that I have no STDs. If you don't either, step closer and I'll swallow you and your seed, if you do, step away and I'll finish you by hand, but then, no glove, no love. Be honest or this will never happen again. OK?"
So there is an 'again.' I stepped forward and she smiled as she engulfed me. She checked the windows again and alltenmen were intensely jerking themselves. "It's ice to ave an adowing qwoud mwatch ush!" I agreed and thrust forward fully onto her tongue. She licked and fingered me until my throbbing cock said it was close. Abruptly, she broke away and the chill nearly deflated me, but she flipped onto her back, open pussy aimed at the guys, her head hung over the edge. "Come here and slide your magnificent meat into my throat until your pubes are against my nose. I'm sure our friends out there will enjoy that sight as well as my tits dancing as you thrust against me."
Of course she was right and well aware of her mobile tits' impact. As soon as I paused with my balls on her chin, I heard three grunts. I didn't look since I was focused on her perfect mouth swallowing my cock whole. As it slid down her throat, the muscular squeeze nearly did me in. Heavenly heat, grip and imagery flooded my brain with endorphin and I gasped at the intoxicating consequence. She anxiously pushed my hips back and gasped in some air. "Sorry. You are just so exquisite, I forgot myself. Ready?" She grunted yes and sucked in some air as I began thrusting deeply, yet let her breathe.
After several deep, mind-numbing thrusts, she began to hum the alphabet. At 'F' I exploded into her belly as I tried to let her breathe once more. Thrust after thrust, my legs vibrated, my balls and cock throbbed and I drained four times into her gut. She swallowed all of it easily. The last thrust coated her tongue and lips. After licking and swallowing all that, she squeezed and kneaded my cock for the last drops of cum and savored them too. Sitting up with a smile, she stared at the men framed in the windows and sensuously licked her lips for them. Unsettled by her lusty stare, I asked "Do you want to invite them in and suck their cocks too?" Since I wasn't prepared for a 'yes', I solemnly hoped the answer was no.
"Hell no! I'm very picky about sex, but I love letting people watch me. This," she waved a hand from her sensuous mouth, over her perfect tits and soaked pussy, "is just for you tonight. Maybe all night. And this too," she rolled slightly and patted her firm ass, "if you can handle it! I can't get pregnant, so we can go bare back. Let's really give them a show. I want them to see your cock fill my pussy, if possible." I blushed at the intense flattery. What she didn't say that night was that she intended to give the gift of her spectacular self to Steve too before the year end. I'm happy now that I didn't know that then.
Against my instinct to shield her, now that I knew her secret obsession, I shifted to fulfilling her fantasy and performing for our voyeurs for her pleasure. I angled us so thetwelvepeople at the three big windows had a clear view of my rigid, inflated tool vigorously and profoundly entering her swollen and reddened pussy from behind. As I imagined watching us from out in the snow, I became jealous of myself and relished the vulgar sight of her perfect, big, pointy tits swinging chaotically with each thump; her flawless, firm ass surge and ripple in perfect synch with those gorgeous tits and my totally buried cock. My mind abruptly switched back inside the room and inside my beauty and bathed in the results of her super hot pussy overheating my pulsing cock.
Before my mind blanked completely from the exquisite feel and musky aroma of her pussy and ass, I imagined a camera below my balls and capturing close-up and slo-mo video of our raw intimacy. As if in split screen, I imagined the intoxicating scene as it was filmed and as it played on a big screen for an interested and horny crowd. They, Laura and I, watched my convoluted sac swing wildly; my long, stiff staff slide wetly, incessantly into a perfect, charming, suppliant vulva that was flexing into then out, then into the most intimate parts of my idol. We could all hear the lusty, squishy noises her hairless vulva made and soon even scented their aromas — wait, was that fresh, local musk from our friends instead?! We sighed deeply.
Her sharp, muscular, orgasmic contractions on my cock sent a heat wave of impulses to my brain that brought me back to this moment of ecstacy. There was that heavenly choir again! 'Be in the moment' be in her exquisite pussy! Dizzy and empowered I roared as everything around me vaporized and I fired pulses of sticky jizz deep into her. My mind's eye saw the gouts of cum surround her cervix in a heated flood and fight for entry. My knees buckled as I breathlessly collapsed on her convulsing back and we lay there sweaty and gasping in delight for long moments.
When I finally rolled off her, she pulled me to the window for one last show. With both our naked bodies well-lit inches from the large, cold windows, she knelt before me, still gasping, and brought my soggy Lazarus back to life with her tongue. As she savored our combined juices, she kept checking the windows. Twenty men were plastered against them, most blatantly jerked their exposed cocks for her. She turned me so her hips were toward them and openly fingered her perfect, sticky pussy for them. When she slowly jerked my cock for them, she sucked her soaked fingers slowly and showed them how much she savored our mixed cum. Exhibiting like this was her nirvana.
Once my cock was clean, she jerked my sensitized tool mercilessly and quickly coerced it to spray her mouth again. She extended her cum-covered tongue for our audience and thrilled in the multiple grunts and splats that resulted. After swallowing the last of my emissions and licking me clean again, she scooped another handful of our cocktail from her dripping pussy and made a show of licking that clean too. She actually took a bow that allowed her mountains to slowly arc toward our admirers, then turned and let them watch her sexy ass sway as she found our clothes.
"So, did you find my stray hair and ugly moles? You got to see all of me and lick most of me." After I mentally scanned her entire, perfect body, I sighed and shook my head no. "How could you miss them? There's a stray hair next to my right nipple and two grey moles just above my right heel."
Having the perfect excuse to examine her right tit, I lifted it and breathe on it as I turned and licked it to watch her nipple harden again. There was no hair. When I had her lie on the desk face down, hips on the edge, I lifted her right foot and looked for the moles. Though I saw two tiny grey dots that barely filled a fold in her heel, I swung her foot out and savored the lusty look of her still swollen and wet pussy. I always love that plumped up view. This time, I pushed my nose and face deeply into her sex slash and tasted her again. When I reached her pearly, tall clit, she shuddered and I pulled away with the elixir of heaven in my mouth. I rubbed my nose along her taint, spread her flawless cheeks and licked to and beyond her perfect rosebud. As it relaxed and my nose sat in its opening valley, I inhaled the musky aroma of her perfect ass and rimmed her spotless bunghole, then sighed deeply.
With my lips against her clit, I said "My ex has a dozen long hairs around each nipple. I watch and cringe as she plucks them! I barely note their blonde existence, why would I notice or care about a single hair on you? Those 'horrible' moles you joke about are barely visible more than an inch from my eyes. You aren't actually so vain to worry about them, so you just wanted to challenge me to find them and 'prove' you aren't perfect. They have no taste in my mouth or place in your mind and are easily removed, if you desire. So you force me to drop your perfect score to 99.98. Happy?"
She smiled coyly, but otherwise ignored my last comments. As I dressed, I noticed that she put all her clothes into a handbag and slipped into her furry boots and lined trench coat only. Instead of buttoning the coat, she loosely tied the belt and whispered, "You figured it out! Come on, stud. We have a long night ahead of us and I have more gifts to give you!" Not needing to be asked twice I followed her out the still open door as my dead dick surged again! Her stretched strides made her gorgeous thighs peek out nearly to her groin as she walked.
Opening the outside door allowed a gust of icy wind to blow under her coat and lift it to her waist. Fortunately, no one was there to see her pussy flash in the dark, 28-degree bluster.Exceptfor Steve. He was walking out of the building behind us when that blast hit and the sight of our naked idol's gams and pussy made him spin then drop onto the snow, stupefied, on his ass. He's not easily flustered, yet we saw him sitting rigidly, mouth dropped wide open, eyes shocked at the unexpected sight. Laura laughed and teased, "What's wrong Steve? Didn't expect to see all this?" She pulled the top of her coat open and flashed him her bare left tit in the security light of the door. She left it exposed long enough to let us watch her nipple tense into a perfect, tall and dense cylinder, and long enough for someone else to come out the door into the night.
Instead of covering her tit, my gorgeous exhibitionist turned to the unknown new arrival with a broad smile and her coat still open with her lusty mountain still bared. It was my ex, Sue rushing with disheveled hair and messed lipstick. She almost never wore lipstick! What was she doing here so late? After a long, wide-eyed stare at Laura's lovely mountain and stiff nipple, she turned to help Steve up. "What's going on here? Why are we staring at that beautiful tit?" Looking scornfully at me, she loudly said "Haven't you seen enough tits tonight, Steve?"
Steve was till drooling, which oddly seemed to annoy Sue. "Were you two just screwing inside, Sue?" I demanded. "Steve, I thought you respected the 'guy code' that rules out fucking or dating another guy's girl for an appropriate mourning period. Granted, we're on a 'time-out' loophole and I expected her to fuck a few more pricks, but you?"
Shooting eye daggers, "It's not all his fault, you know. Yes, I've fucked others during our break, as apparently you have too. You were always on me about flashing people and look what you end up with. Let's go, Steve. You promised me another ride tonight on your fat cock." This was a new skill - scorn of my goddess and baiting me about someone else's cock!
Saddened by the harsh encounter, I toned back my reply to chilly anger. "Sue, it wasn't about the flashing, as you can tell now, but we can't go into that now. I was waiting for you to figure out the real reason, but you refused. We just had twenty guys watch us fuck. She flashed herself, her open pussy and my cock as it entered each hole. That should tell you something about us!"
"Umm, guys . . . it's cold out here. Can we continue this, or not, somewhere else? I'm Laura, Sue. Happy to meet you." They shook hands and scanned each other. "Why don't we go back to Al's place and hove some hot drinks? I'm naked under here and freezing" she flipped her coat open and aimed her chilled tit at Sue. "Look! There's snow forming on my nipple." We all laughed and nodded.
Sue said "Happy to meet you too and that exceptional tit. I want to see if the other one matches its splendor. We'll meet you there. I know the way!" And so that was the night Sue and Laura awkwardly first met. Disappointed about having 'company' spoil our fun plans, I drove slowly and Laura slipped my hand under her coat. While I cupped and fingered her deflated vulva all the way home, wordlessly, she gently stroked my semi hard dick. Steve and Sue were waiting for us and hotly kissing in his car. I grit my teeth and honked. Laura wouldn't let me put my cock away. She held, warmed and slowly jerked it as we approached our invaders and let them in. Sue smiled wickedly as she stared at my purple bishop appear then vanish.
Laura joined me in the kitchen as I prepared some hot Irish coffee for all of us. "They need some alone time for smooching and groping. Your hot cock must have turned her on. I left when he opened her slacks and wormed his hand inside." I stiffened in anger. Where was this night going? When I brought out the pitcher of Irish coffee, they were both naked and Sue was just turning to suck his cock defiantly. With her skinny ass in the air and aimed at us, I had a perfect reminder of why I loved her pussy so much. Laura whispered, "Wow! Her pussy is much prettier than mine. I wonder how she keeps her butt hole so pink. It's not bleached." I was speechless as I watched my girl wantonly lick another's cock. "Well, looks like y'all started without us. Here, Sue, have some hot stuff before you blow him. You'll both like it more."
I clamped my mouth shut. I knew Sue liked a variety of cocks, but never knew her to be so flagrant about it. The dual betrayal of her comfortably naked for someone else andhebeing a close friend, made my heart ache. "Good idea, Laura. Everyone but you has seen me naked and I expect to see the rest of you naked shortly, so this isn't a big leap. Is it? Toss your coat over the sofa. I'm up for some warm swapping." Typical Sue — all in or all out! "I know you're always concerned about safe sex, Al. I have been safe and checked all the others I fucked too." She rubbed it in under the guise of my concern!
Noting Sue's small tits with absolutely perfect nipples, Laura commented "I see amazing nips on you and can't wait to lick them with my heated tongue. I hope you'll oblige me too?" Sue nodded an eager yes as Laura slowly untied her coat, held it open to let both the cheaters have a long look at her perfect body. Their mouths dropped. Laura turned and slowly tossed the navy blue coat on the back of the sofa as she allowed them to admire her perfect ass. As she bent over, she gave us all a long look at her beautiful, plumped pussy.
She sat on the plush chair and stuck out her foot to offer one of them the privilege of removing a boot. Silently, except for a little giggle, my ex got on her knees, spread legged, and pulled the furry boot slowly. Sue also moved Laura's gorgeous legs apart and stared at her perfect, swelling vulva. Laura grinned widely as she pulled. Sue sucked air at the lusty sight as Laura enjoyed the exposure and admiration.
Steve lifted and pulled the other boot as he stared into her gaping pussy. His short cock bobbed several times as his hands wandered up her short legs. She slapped his hand away coyly. "You'll get your turn, maybe even tonight if we hot swap or explore other avenues. Until then, I'm with Al." Loyalty? Deference? Either felt great after Sue's disloyalty. Definitely not shy! Sue sipped the hot drink then pulled Laura to stand. My ex combed her fingers thru Laura's short, dark bush, circled her swelling clit then leaned her hot tongue against the sexy stranger's gaping vulva. Both gasped at the lurid boldness then Laura thrust her heated pussy against Sue's face as Steve and I took cocks in hand — our own.
Laura moved to the floor and lay on her back while Sue continued to eat her on all fours. Her beautiful pussy was aimed at me and deliberately wiggled a slow invite. Maybe as a bit of revenge, I quickly knelt behind Sue before Steve did, cupped her tiny, boney ass and gently spread her cheeks as a reminder why I thought her pussy and asshole were beautiful. Without checking, or caring, who was touching her, Sue pushed her tongue and fingers deeper into Laura as she offered her wet twat to me. My cock needed no help to find the familiar portal between her legs. Steve watched as I split my ex's cunt, hands free, and sank in fully in a single thrust. I wasn't concerned with her comfort then, just her lust.
Her familiar, classically beautiful pussy swelled around my cock and sucked it in. Her labia clung firmly to me as a 'welcome back' and swelled to its puffy fullness. The warmth and grip felt comfortable and intoxicating. I wondered if Steve had worshiped this beauty. The thought of his defiling cock filling my girl urged me to thrust harder in anger. Her puckered hole gaped each time I slammed her ass and soon a familiar, pleasant, musky aroma filled my nostrils. I always loved the scent of her ass.
As I aimed my cock to rub Sue's clit then her G, I noticed Steve kneel directly over Laura's stunning face. As she groaned at Sue's attentions, she cupped his balls then pulled his stiffness into her mouth and lapped his aching tool. He pinched and pulled her nipples without regard for their beauty or tenderness and she moaned loudly around his cock. Shortly the intensity of this impromptu four-way soared. Sue was gasping into Laura's pussy as I fiercely slammed her G, cheating cunt and asshole. I gasped as I approached my sensitive climax and my sweat sprinkled both women.
When I erupted, my vibrations pushed Sue to climax; she drank Laura's cum and pushed her to climax and Laura's shakes got Steve to fill her perfect mouth with his foul cum! We collapsed and rested happily a few minutes. Sue seemed satisfied and yet annoyed at that satisfaction on my cock! Good! After warming our mouths with the still steamy drink, Steve shouted "Switch!" Sue got on her back and Laura put her steamy tongue on my girl's swollen, wet and tasty pussy.
I think Steve wanted to fill Laura's pussy with any part of his body, but got Sue's mouth instead. I was thrilled to eat then fuck Laura while she ate and fingered Sue. My ego swelled as I blissfully fucked Laura and knew Sue was stunned and a little slighted at the thought that I had scored with such an incredible creature. Not good enough for her, but desired by a goddess! We slowly built to another four-way climax; rested; finished the hot drink and plotted more fun.
Breathlessly, I arranged Laura on all fours with taller Sue on top so both beautiful, gaping pussies were facing me. That left two warm mouths for Steve. On the pretext of comparison, I harshly shoved my cock all the way into Sue first and was reminded how much she enjoyed my pubes rubbing her pink, wrinkled hole. As I used them to rub her, she began clenching my cock. "Been - practicing - your - kegles - I - feel!" I managed to gasp. Then I struggled to leave her hot, strong pussy for Laura's.
"Hey how about me? My pussy's getting cold waiting —whoop!" One full thrust sent me fully into Laura. She did feel looser than Sue, but just as hot, lusty and encapsulating. Within seconds, I felt her muscles clamp down on me. Heaven! Watching her pinkish, bleached butt hole wink at me was a delight and helped bandage my ego. As I seriously slammed and fucked Laura, I fingered Sue. Her cum was always so intoxicating and delicious I couldn't help but savor its splendor off my fingers — twice — before proceeding to wet her rear hole with it and worm a finger into her ass.
Her response was a muted groan. When I looked over her sexy back, I saw that Steve's cock was fully in her mouth. She relaxed her rear hole enough to allow a second finger inside and responded with a greatly extended moan. Being a germaphobe, not nearly as OCD as her beautiful sister, she was theoretically against ass play. Yet she'd rimmed me twice and let me rim her, but never allowed a finger inside. Apparently her 'no to the ass' was just another lie she told. We'll figure that out later. Right now, she was into ass fingering and I was soon in as deep as my fingers allowed. As I pumped her, she surprisingly climaxed quickly and melted onto Laura's back. I left my fingers inside her ass.
Now refocused on Laura, I adjusted my entry angle so my thrusting cock rubbed her vaginal roof and reclusive G spot. As she climaxed, instead of deflating, my cock stiffened at the lurid thought of what I planned next. As I twisted my two fingers inside Sue's relaxed ass, I leaned forward and whispered, "I'm guessing you've had other cocks in your ass, but your lies kept me out. That ends tonight. You'll tell me, truthfully, later if you ever had a cock covered in another woman's cum inside you, before now. You remember how wonderful Laura's pussy tasted, now imagine that heavenly flavor riding my stiff cock deep into your gut. Enjoy!"
She whimpered an insincere 'no' then surrendered without resistance. With dual 'plops' I pulled out of both women, scooped some more Laura lube onto Sue's back door and pushed my bishop into her ass. She hissed, sighed then relaxed as I held still, yet throbbed inside her. This was already the deepest my cock had been in her rear. I couldn't help but consider how much we missed out because of her lies. I would have fucked her ass regularly and let her deep finger me, maybe even let her fuck me with a strap-on, but only because I loved and trusted her completely.
When I felt her ass relax and ease its choke hold on me, I was back in the moment. Once I'd slid half my cock into her, I gave Laura's clit some well deserved attention. God, this is so distracting! As I looked around her, I saw the reason for her muted response. Steve's cock was again the muffler, blocking her vocal output. Despite the copious Laura lube on my shaft, penetrating my girl was a start-stop affair. I knew if I forced it in, there would be some initial pain, followed by an extremely satisfying friction and ultimately with much burning, pain and maybe some blood. Though still angry about what her psyche had cost us, I had to admit I still loved her and wanted her to enjoy this and crave more.
Each time I dipped into Laura's well for more sweet lube, I paid tribute to her clit and G spot since I expected to return in her as soon as I got Sue off. Using the tasty lube to coat my cock, and Sue's greatly distended rear portal, helped me ease the last few inches into her. When she finally felt me crush her cheeks, she gasped, "Are you-are you all the way in my ass? Ohhhh, I feel so full and, and like I'm being tenderly hugged from inside." Then I started moving and pulsing my cock. "Oh! Oh! Ahh ohh!"
The friction, the heat, the snugness and the closeness all translated to her too, I hoped. The combination was bliss and I could think of nothing else. There were no landmarks to hit, no didactic goals to consider. "Ohhhhh, so good-muph." A quick peek showed me Steve was back in Sue's mouth. I was also fascinated by the hypnotic, rhythmic, orbital motions of Laura's heavy tits since they were driven by my thrusts into Sue.
When Sue's reactions got louder and breathless, I heard Steve yell out "owwww! The bitch bit me!" He pulled back his hand as if to slap her, but I stopped and glared at him. He walked away to soothe his injuries, and Sue took several deep breaths as she continued to grunt. Suddenly, she let out a scream I never heard from her before and collapsed into a quivering pile of spent flesh onto Laura. Her shakes pushed me over the edge again and I began firing my loads deep into her spent ass hole.
Awkwardly, I pulled my still stiff cock out of my girl's ass and moved it down to Laura's. Another warm stream shot onto her patient ass. "You, my love, get the benefit of your own lube and my creamy, slippery cum to ease my entry into your beautiful ass." She moaned lightly as I easily slid into her relaxed ass where many had been before - apparently. She didn't get the full benefit of an intense ass fucking, but she did get to 'taste' the final two spurts of my cum as it filled her bowels. "I'm sorry you didn't get the full experience. I didn't know how distracting fucking two hot women and then their hot asses would be. I'm happy to repeat this in full when I've recovered."
"You bet your ass you will. Now go wash up while I clean up your mess from her ass!" Not only did I not want to leave and miss this new facet with Sue, but my cock throbbed at the thought! Though I hurried to grab some hand sanitizer and heated a wash cloth, I was too slow to catch Laura convince Sue to mutually lick my cum from their asses. Steve was on a chair, watching and jerking himself. I guess we both had reserves of staying power we didn't know we had!
"Steve," I whispered with a low growl, "don't you ever raise a hand to either of them! If you do, not only are we done, but I'm coming after you and will make you regret it. Understand?" He looked me over and realized he had never seen me truly angry. As he mumbled an apology, he said he wasn't going to hit Sue.
There was no room to eat a pussy until they broke the 69 and put Laura's ass in the air. I quickly lapped her wet pussy, but my cock was too sensitive to properly penetrate her. Steve hadn't cum as much as I had, so he was still ready to go. He popped his short, fat cock into Laura; slammed her cheeks four times then grunted a release. I'm not sure which bothered me more — that he fucked my date, or that my girl spun and sucked down his cum from her. I still needed to make some adjustments!
We stayed in my home, naked, the rest of that vacation week; depleted my pantry and ordered in pizza and calzones often. The girls relished and exploited their freedom. Both sat at or exercised at the open windows constantly naked and disregarded how much my neighbors enjoyed the beautiful sights. The women watched naked from the unsheathed window as the first pizza boy, who was young and 'cute', approached the door. They were giddy and answered together, beautifully naked.
As soon as he opened the door, his expression changed from ennui to jaw dropping shock. Our two naked beauties slowly pulled him into the room where he caught two naked men get up and approach him. His jaw still locked, he backed away from us, but Sue blocked him and pulled his Santa hat off as Laura pushed his droopy jeans and boxers to his feet. His skinny dick quickly swelled into a young cock. As Sue wrapped her hand around it, she hoarsely said, "Sorry, we don't have any cash to pay for this, so you either have to take it back or maybe accept another form of payment?"
He stared at her bare tits, then Laura's and quickly nodded his head. Steve beat me to comment, "Remember, safe sex only since we don't know his health history. No fluid exchanges; that means no kissing, sucking or fucking." Pizza boy Barry suddenly looked hugely disappointed. "That still leaves a hand job, sucking their tits and milking your prostate. Enjoy! Hand me that pizza." Steve and I sat at the table and ate a slice and watched as our oversexed women finished stripping him then sucked and bit his nipples and tiny sac. They bent him over the back of a chair and spread his cheeks for a peek at his clean, but deeply brown hole then sat him on the chair and began paying for the pizza. Laura slowly pumped his long, skinny cock and watched his eyes roll back in his head.
She expertly slowed when he was close to cumming. Sue pushed two fingers deep into Laura's snatch for her special lube; he groaned loudly at that sight and twitched. She slid her wet fingers along his taint and found his wrinkled hole then nodded at Laura. As Laura began to slowly twist and jerk his young cock, Sue rubbed his rear hole then entered. They used their free hands to probe and stimulate each other's wet and swollen snatches. As if a practiced tag team, Sue felt her way around then nodded again and Laura made deeper strokes. As she pulled his foreskin back, Sue found his prostate and made it sing. He screamed out, grabbed obviously different tits and began shooting his cum in long arcs that Laura directed back onto his belly.
They handed him tissues to clean up and watched his still stiff cock bob proudly as he did. Sitting spread legged, he said that though he and his girlfriend were nearly nineteen, they were both virgins and wondered if we could teach them some things. He never heard of milking a prostate before and his reaction scared him. They were also concerned about safe sex and had gone in for a joint physical and blood work up just last week. "Our doctor even checked for HPV and said we were below the minimum levels. So we are clean and I am assuming you all are. Can I deliver you another pizza tomorrow, with my girl, and you can surprise her like you did me?"
We looked at each other, the girls, eagerly anticipating the fresh blood, and I spoke up. "I think we can handle you both. But it will cost you four calzones with the pizza. You have to bring us your blood work and notes or you each get no more than this. If you are clean, you probably won't leave here as virgins, but will have a lifetime of memories!"
He shouted "DEAL!" and dressed. When he tried to kiss the girls, they gave him a cheek. He took that, then kissed and sucked our women's tits before backing out the door in a stupor. We had a great time with Barry and Brine. I'll share that another time. You should know we became extremely popular with that pizza shop and all the delivery men and women fighting to deliver to us. Even the owner stopped in to find out why.
All four of us watched, arm-in-arm-naked at the window, as Barry pulled away. One neighbor shoveled his driveway, three times, slowly and waved to our naked women. It was a week that changed our lives forever. It was the keystone and watershed that joined us for life. I couldn't ask for a better xmas gift.
/¥__/¥( ~ ~ )» * « Please vote and leave constructive comments. Thanks . . .==== 39 hr 1700 11/27/17 ====== 10402 words =====
[gck November 26, 2017 ]
4/22/15 seminal image: Laura is standing on a teacher desk after class; I'm flattering her stunning beauty and 'looking for ANY flaws to knock you down from 100/100 so I need to closely examine you' - nothing at all obvious