Indentured Pervitude, Ch. 14
by Rachael DMM
"Is this really going to happen?" Emma asked, absently massaging her big boobs as she lay there in Wendy's bed.
Wendy began stripping. "I'm going to watch you make yourself come while I finger myself if that's what you think is going to happen."
"I'm good with that. I always wanted to do something like this, I just never imagined it would be with you."
"Same here." She told herself she was going to wait for Emma to invite her to suck her off, as tempted as she was to dive right in and take control. "You have a beautiful pussy."
"Thanks. Oh! Yours is bald - how cute is that? Did Tom shave you?"
"He did, actually, on our honeymoon."
"That's so hot. I shaved mine once back when Vic and me were dating, but it looked weird. My pussy is too fat, I need some hair to make it look nice."
"Stop that, I bet it looked amazing." Wendy was naked and touching herself. The best of both worlds - exhibitionist and voyeur all at once. "I love your meaty pussy lips, and is that your clit? It's huge!"
"Ugh, don't look at that! Vic calls it my dicklette, so embarrassing."
"C'mon, show me, I want to see it."
Emma parted her outer lips, pulled back her hood, and brandished her erect clit toward her friend. Wendy never knew she was packing such a surprise down there. "It's disgusting," Emma said, trying to deflect.
"It's the most beautiful clit I've ever seen." It was the only clit she'd ever seen besides her own.
"You're just saying that, but...I'm glad you like it." She pinched it between her thumb and forefinger and began jerking it like a tiny cock. Wendy's was so small she could only rub hers with a fingertip. She was unreasonably jealous. "I think my clit is why I come so easily."
That made sense. No wonder Tom was able to give her multiple orgasms. It wasn't him, it was her. That made Wendy feel better.
"I'm so jealous of you."
"Sometimes I can come just by walking around in a tight pair of jeans. It can be weird when it happens at the mall, or at work. But it still feels great."
"I bet it does. That is so damned sexy. I don't know how Vic can keep his hands off of you for so long."
"He manages it somehow." Emma bit her lower lip like she did when she was embarrassed to say something. "Do...ah...do you want to touch it?"
"Can I?"
"Of course. You're my best friend. And you just let me fuck your husband. I think it's the least I could do."
"I don't know if you're doing me a favor, or I'm doing one for you!" Wendy climbed on the bed before she took back her offer. She got up between her outstretched legs and marveled at Emma's clit up close. "Oh, wow, I'm nervous."
"Why?"
"I've never touched another woman like this before."
"Seriously? But you went to college!"
"I did, but I was studying."
"Nerd. I turned into a huge lesbo when I was in college."
"You must have been very popular." Wendy reached out a finger and touched the tip of her friend's clit. A strange tingle ran through her and she knew she wanted more.
"I guess so. My Sophomore and Junior years were almost exclusively pussy for me. I can't believe you didn't get down with any chicks in college. That was the time to experiment."
"I guess I'm just a late bloomer." Wendy circled a finger around Emma's stiffness. It had a tiny head shaped like a penis. Just amazing. Emma held herself open and let her explore on her own. Their friendship would never be the same after this, but Wendy wasn't worried about that.
"Do you want to?" Emma asked.
"Want to what?"
"Suck it?"
"Suck...it?" Wendy backed off surprised. It was what she was hoping for, but never expected to actually get the go-ahead. "No...I couldn't...we're...I'm not a...how would I even..."
"Wendy, take a deep breath, close your eyes, and suck my damn clit."
"But..."
"But nothing. You told me your husband doesn't eat pussy, and you were right - he didn't even pretend to offer me head. And now I'm dying to get sucked. You're here, between my legs, touching my big, fat clit, and I'm going to need you to get in there and do it. You owe me."
Wendy wasn't sure about her accounting, but she couldn't very well say no. "Okay, but I have no idea what I'm doing, so don't expect too much..."
"Stop teasing and just suck it, bitch!"
Wendy closed her eyes, took a deep breath, stuck her tongue out, and eased her head forward. Almost immediately her tongue was on Emma's pussy...on her clit. She could smell a potent mix of her pussy juices and her husband's cum. It was an enticing combination and reminded her that just a few minutes ago Tom's cock was fucking this vagina. That was an unexpectedly exciting thought.
She parted her lips just enough to wrap them around Emma's substantial clit. This was it, no going back now. She was about to officially become a lesbian...or maybe just bi. Did it count if it was only this once, right? Maybe that would just make her bi-curious. That she could live with.
"Suck it...nice. There you go...the whole thing...you got it. Just like that. Suck my dick, slut."
The dirty talk helped her relax - made it seem like she wasn't the only freak there. She sucked, and licked, and sucked some more. It was divine. She wanted to keep going...experimenting.
Wendy moved down lower and probed with her tongue until she found Emma's opening. She circled it a few times, noticing how different it tasted from her own flavor. She didn't know why she expected all pussies to taste the same. Maybe she needed to try at least one more before she made any assumptions. She went deeper. Maybe it was just Tom's cum she was tasting...
"Oh, yeah, tongue fuck me. Get in there. Now we're talking, you pussy-eating whore."
She was a pussy eating whore, Wendy decided. Not only that, but she liked it. So much better than having to suck a dick. It was now an even bigger mystery why Tom didn't absolutely love doing this for her. Did her pussy really stink that bad? Or was it something else?
Wendy explored. Kissing, licking, and sucking different parts of her friend's pussy. She ran her tongue down over that naughty space just below her vagina and above her asshole. Suckled on those big lips - together, and individually, then made her way back to that glorious clit. It seemed impossible, but it felt like it had gotten even bigger. She latched on and made love to it with her mouth. She was gratified by the noises it elicited from Emma. She must be doing something right.
"Shit, you're going to make me come! Suck it! Harder! I'm going to come in your face...right in your pretty little face, bitch. Yeah, eat me! Eat that motherfucking cunt!"
Emma suddenly clamped her thighs around her head and held her tight. Wendy couldn't breathe, her face was crushed up against Emma's very wet, and very meaty, pussy. It was amazing and scary all at once.
Emma bucked, moaned, and pulled at Wendy's hair. She couldn't help but feel proud that she was the one that did that to her. She was the one who made her come like that. It felt like a real accomplishment. She made Tom come all the time, but that was easy. This was something she didn't know if she could do. Now she knew.
Emma relaxed and let her go. Wendy gasped for air. "Fuck...that was the best. Are you sure you never did that before?"
"I'm certain," Wendy said, still a bit breathless. "But I want to do it again, that I'm sure about."
"You can eat my pussy anytime, baby girl."
"So now I'm 'baby girl'? Not your slut bitch whore?"
"Oh, God, I did say that, didn't I? I'm sorry, I get all crazy sometimes and don't know what I'm saying. You know I love you." Emma pulled her friend up and hugged her.
Wendy had never hugged a naked woman before...it felt nice, so soft. They cuddled for a minute before Wendy couldn't take it any longer. "Emma, would it be okay if I played with your boobs a little?"
"Do you really have to ask? After you just gave me the orgasm of the year, you think I'm going to say no? Play all you want, lover."
That sounded weird coming from her, but that didn't stop her from grabbing a handful of boob. Wendy never wanted big boobs until that moment. She loved her own titties, just enough but not too much. But too much looked like it would be a lot of fun. And, as she jiggled Emma's boob, it was a hell of a lot of fun!
"You want to suck on them, don't you?" Emma could see the hungry look in her eye.
Wendy nodded. Emma squeezed her boobs together and offered her nipples up to her. Wendy immediately accepted that invitation and began sucking on the nearest nipple. She was able to lick her own (barely), but this was something else entirely. She never understood the male obsession with boobs, but it all suddenly made sense. It was soothing in a very nurturing way. Satisfying some deeply primal drive. It was evolutionary...something inborn in everyone. She shifted to the other nipple, and the experience wasn't at all diminished.
But why was she suddenly thinking about her mom's boobs? Emma's were big, but she was sure her mom's were bigger. Not by a lot, but still. Did she want to suck her mom's boobs? That was ridiculous. But if the opportunity ever came along...
"Damn, that feels good," Emma purred. "But I was wondering if you'd like to get that kitty of yours taken care of?"
"Nah, I'm okay," Wendy lied, then thought twice. "Wait, how would you take care of it?"
Emma flicked her tongue suggestively. "I think you know."
"Oh, my...I, um...don't know..." Why did the idea of letting her do that scare her so much? It was all she ever wanted and couldn't get. And now someone was offering to go down on her, willingly, and it was freaking her out a little.
"What don't you know?" Emma pushed her back on the bed and rolled on top of her, kissing her neck.
"I don't know...if I can do that..." she wanted to scream at herself. What was she doing?
"Well, you know the old saying: you lick my pussy, and I lick yours."
"I...I never heard that one before."
"How about this, if you won't let me taste your pussy, then I'm going to have to taste mine."
"Huh?"
Emma licked Wendy's lips. "There it is. Damn, my pussy tastes good." That turned into a kiss, a French kiss, and Wendy didn't fight it. Tom hadn't Frenched her since he proposed almost a year ago. She let herself relax and enjoy it. And she also was really enjoying Emma's wandering hand. A tweak of a nipple, a caress along her side, a grope of her ass cheek, and a feathery touch across her bald mound.
"Okay, I give," Wendy said after pulling out of the increasingly passionate kiss. "Do it," she said and pushed Emma down there. She went willingly.
Wendy was nervous and didn't know why. Would Emma hate it with her like Tom did? Would she say something if she did? Maybe this wasn't a good idea. Then her tongue ran the length of her slit from hole to clit and her entire body came alive. It wasn't a good idea, it was a great idea!
"Oh, Emma...fuck yeah!" Her tongue began to flutter, barely touching the tips of her pussy lips. It was sweet torture. She wanted to shove her pussy up into her face, but she let her do it her way. The fluttering reached her little clitty, and it was like sparklers were going off all over her body. This was already better than all the times Tom ever gave her oral combined.
Emma parted Wendy's legs wider, and really got in there. It felt like she took her whole vulva into her mouth and began suckling. Wendy had to scream it was so good. "Oh, God! More! Please!" Wendy pulled her legs back and held them up, trying to give Emma full access to everything down there. And she took advantage of that.
Her tongue was soft on her clit, undulating in all directions at once, it seemed. She went lower, and her tongue became hard as it entered her. Tom never did that! But it wasn't being penetrated that felt so good, as it was the idea of it. But then she began to lick around the circumference of her opening, and that was something altogether wonderful.
"Oh, Emma, lick me...that feels so fucking good...lick my pussy..." Saying the words made it real in a way it otherwise wasn't. It could have just been another fantasy, but saying these things out loud confirmed it like nothing else could. "Eat me...eat my fucking pussy..." she wailed.
Emma went back to her clit and settled into a steady rhythm. Tongue, lips, suck, tongue, lips, suck, over and over again. Less than a minute of that and Wendy was nearing orgasm. She humped her friend's face and was about to lose her mind. "Oh, God, I'm going to come. Keep going, keep going, eat it, eat my cunt, make my cunt come!"
And it was suddenly happening. Her orgasm erupted like a force of nature and took hold of her. Her mind went blank of everything except for the scintillating sensation she was experiencing. How was it possible to feel so good? How was it possible that another woman made her feel that? When Tom gave her oral sex, if you could even call it that, it felt okay but nothing like what just happened. Wendy's world was rocked yet again, and she didn't know if she could handle it this time.
Emma came up and held her. She didn't say anything, knowing that Wendy needed some time to contemplate what she'd done and enjoy the fading ripples of a profoundly fantastic orgasm.
"Was it okay?" Wendy asked timidly, not knowing if she wanted to hear the answer. "Down there, I mean."
"Mmmm...it was more than okay." Emma hugged her and playfully nipped at a nip.
"But it tasted okay to you?"
"You tell me," she kissed her, sliding her tongue into her lover's mouth. Wendy could taste her own pussy there and gently sucked in her tongue until Emma took it back. "How did that taste to you?"
"Good...real good." She went back for more. Meanwhile, Emma's hand moved down between her legs and toyed with her still-sensitive clit. If she wasn't careful, she was going to make her come again. "But...do I stink? Does it smell bad or anything? You can be honest with me, I need to know."
"Your pussy is perfect. It smells delicious...just like you." Emma nuzzled her neck with kisses causing Wendy to giggle and cringe. Emma inserted a finger into her vagina, then added a second and massaged her inner walls like only another woman knew how to do.
"Then I just don't understand why Tom won't go down on me. I worry that it was my fault."
"Nothing is your fault, he's just a jerk, that's all." Emma slowly drew her fingers out and reached even lower. Wendy was surprised when she felt her touch at the threshold of her anus. It was nice, unexpected, but nice. "I had a boyfriend once who was like that. Refused to eat me out. It was some kind of stupid macho thing. He said something dumb like eating pussy makes you gay or some shit like that. I dumped him a week later. He's probably sucking dicks down at the bus station these days."
Wendy laughed, but she decided she wasn't going to accept Tom's refusal to give her oral pleasure any longer. It was about time she got what she wanted. Emma didn't put up with that kind of shit from her husband, and she certainly didn't need to tolerate that kind of disrespect from her slave. If he wanted to be worthy of the title "love" slave, then he better start coming through on the love part of the equation.
"Can we do this again?" Emma asked, teasing Wendy's butthole. Why did that feel so good?
"Should we?"
"I think so. And, from the way you were screaming just now, I would be surprised if you didn't think so, too."
"That was easily the best head I've ever gotten, no way I can deny that, but..."
"But what?" The tip of her finger eased into her butthole. It should have felt weird or wrong, but it was like the next logical step in her journey of sexual depravity.
"But...is that who I am?"
"It's who you are now, don't you think?"
"Maybe. Keep going."
Emma's finger went deeper. Wendy never had anything enter her butt before, she was always scared when it came to that. Why was she scared? She couldn't think of why just then, but instead tried to embrace the good feeling it was giving her.
'How's that?"
"Amazing. Kinky, but amazing."
"Those two things aren't mutually exclusive. Actually, they usually go together. Here, I'll prove it. Turn over."
"Do what?"
"Get on all fours for me."
"Why?"
"You'll see. I have a feeling that I'm about to change everything you ever knew about sex."
That sounded ominous, but Wendy twisted and got onto her knees. Emma pushed her head down into the pillows so her butt was up in the air. She felt very vulnerable and exposed in that position, which is probably exactly what her friend wanted.
"What are you going to do?" Wendy asked nervously, unable to predict what was coming next.
"I want it to be a surprise. Now hold still."
She felt hands on her butt cheeks. Emma was going to eat her pussy from behind? Would it really make that much of a difference? Maybe? Then it happened. Emma licked her asshole.
Wendy squealed and clenched up. She tried to get away, but Emma held her in place and went back in for more. Wendy was mortified. If she was worried about how her pussy smelled, what might be going on back there? This was crazy!
"Emma, stop! That's my asshole!"
"Mmmm...it sure is. Just relax and let me eat this beautiful ass."
"It's too much," Wendy protested even as she stopped fighting it. "You shouldn't...uuuuhhh."
"There you go...you feel that?" She caressed her asshole with her tongue. "You like that?"
Wendy never felt anything like it before...but she unclenched and tried to make sense of what was going on. "I love it," she growled. "You're totally licking my asshole."
"I sure as hell am. And now I'm going to tongue fuck it." And she did just that. It felt incredible. Wendy was having a hard time catching her breath as she pushed her ass back into Emma's face, silently begging for more.
"This is insane. It's so wrong...nobody really does this...it's...it's..."
"Fucking amazing are the words you're looking for, slut." she resumed lapping at her friend's virgin anus. "I had to train Vic how to do this, and now he eats my ass at least once a week. He loves it. Especially because if he does me good enough, he gets a nice butt licking of his own."
"You lick your husband's asshole?" Wendy had to acknowledge that it did feel incredible, but it didn't seem like something that would ever give her an orgasm.
"I do. He jacks off like a madman while I suck his butt. You should hear him roar when he busts a nut that way." She returned to her oral ministrations and began finger fucking Wendy's pussy at the same time. The combination was the key, she realized. It was obvious now the butt stuff was meant to enhance an otherwise normal orgasm. She couldn't wait to find out what that was going to be like! And it wasn't going to take long before she found out...
"This can't be happening," Wendy breathed, luxuriating in the perverse joy of it all.
"Do you want me to stop?"
"No!"
"Then tell me what you want."
"I want...you to lick me..."
"Where?"
Emma was forcing her to talk dirty. She wanted to pretend like she resented that, but she couldn't. "My ass...lick my butt...tongue fuck my asshole, you cunt-fucking whore!"
That did the trick. Wendy couldn't believe she actually said that, but it felt good to just drop all her inhibitions and say what she was thinking. She hoped she didn't offend Emma - but, based on her renewed fervor between her ass cheeks it only seemed to have spurred her on.
"Oh, yeah...finger me...finger my pussy...just like that...perfect." Wendy couldn't have done it better herself - which seemed impossible. But, Emma handled her vagina like a virtuoso. Tom couldn't even come close to this on his best day. It took a woman, it seemed, to know how to touch a woman. "Yeah...suck me...I love it...suck my asshole, bitch!"
And once again Wendy's brain was short-circuiting. Her orgasm welled up from deep within and slowly flowed all through her entire body. She never had an orgasm quite like that before. It wasn't all fireworks and symphonies, but something more subtle, and all-encompassing at the same time. She could feel it in her bones. The pleasure suffused her whole self. It was just a tongue and a couple of fingers, but it reverberated all the way down to her soul. It seemed impossible that a woman could propel her to a new plateau of such pure ecstasy. Is this what she'd been missing her whole life?
"Get ready," Emma panted.
"For what?" Wendy asked, only vaguely aware she was still there in her body.
"I'm going to sit on your face." Emma roughly rolled her over, then, just like that, her pussy was inches in front of her face. "Can you handle it?"
Wendy didn't even have to think about it. She grabbed Emma's plump ass and pulled her in. But, as soon as her mouth was full of another woman's cunt meat, she had to think about it. It seemed insane that Tom didn't want this. How could he resist? Not only did pussy taste great, but it felt even better. On top of all that, there was the reward of knowing you were giving your partner so much pleasure. That alone should be enough.
Emma rode Wendy's face and she couldn't get enough of it. Clit, lips, hole, taint, then back again over and over in quick order. Wendy was delirious with passion. Forget exhibitionism and voyeurism, pussyism was her new top fetish. She wanted more of it...as much as she could get. She tried to stay in the moment and focus on the pussy she had right there in front of her.
Emma was crying out, not caring who could hear her. She was humping Wendy's face and pulling at her own nipples frantically. "There you go, my horny bitch, eat me...eat that pussy...make me come." Wendy concentrated on her clit. She knew that's what she always wanted when she was close. She sucked and licked it at the same time in a lesbian frenzy. Emma's clit was so big, she was half expecting to get a load of cum out of it!
"Fuck, I'm coming!" she announced energetically and hunched over grabbing Wendy's hair in her fists as she mercilessly ground her pussy in her face. "Suck it, suck it, suck meeeee!" With several shuddering thrusts, Emma rode out her orgasm. Knowing she was the one responsible for her friend's intense orgasm was a badge of honor. She reached down and fingered her own clit as Emma was winding down.
"Oh, shit, that was good," Emma sighed, staying mounted on Wendy's face, playing her sopping wet pussy over her lips. Wendy kissed and licked her, careful to avoid her clit, which she knew would be too sensitive to be touched. Emma didn't want it to end, and neither did she. It didn't take any time at all before Wendy was on the verge of another orgasm.
She jammed her tongue up into her friend's delicious fuck hole as she got herself off. Indistinct moans were the only sounds coming out of her. She wanted a pussy in her face every time she came from now on! It was so nasty and yet was the only thing that made sense to her.
Emma reluctantly dismounted after Wendy's muffled orgasm. She laid atop her, pressing her big boobs down onto Wendy's modest tits. She was kissing and licking her friend's face, tasting her own pussy there. Wendy Frenched her back when she could.
By the time the passion had ebbed, Wendy was ready for another round. "Do you want to stay the night...here...with me?"
Emma kissed her, a hand moving down to cup her heated vulva lovingly. "I want to, very much - but I can't."
"Please," she begged like a spoiled child. "I'm not done yet." She put her hand over Emma's, over the hand on her pussy, and pressed. "I want to spend the whole night fucking you."
"Sounds perfect," Emma moaned, and they kissed again. "But Vic is expecting me home."
"He gets you every night - I just want you for one," Wendy complained.
"I know, sweetie, but not tonight. I have to go home to my husband. And I'm going to need to take a shower here first or he'll be able to smell all the fuck juices on me."
"Call him and tell him to fuck off and leave you alone. Stay here and come with me some more."
"It's tempting, believe me, but I don't have the luxury of being in your situation."
"What does that mean?"
"It means I have to consider my husband's feelings and he doesn't just do whatever I want. He's still a person and I need to have some respect for him."
"What are you saying?" Wendy was getting upset and wasn't sure why.
"We don't all have our own 'love slaves' like you. I can't just tell him to fuck off and expect him to stay married to me."
"Well, he's not giving you sex, so let him leave if that's what he wants."
"Wow, you don't get it, do you? Tom isn't your boyfriend anymore, he's your husband. It's not that easy to just walk away from it all. Or, at least, it shouldn't be."
"It's not, it's just that...I don't know." Wendy realized that Emma had a point. Her idea about relationships had been corrupted by this whole owner-and-slave dynamic. Had it warped her thinking to the point where she didn't even recognize what a real marriage was supposed to be?
"I know you don't," another gentle kiss that kept the embers of desire stoked. "That's why I have to go."
"But...but...I can have Tom come back in if you want."
"Again, tempting, but that would be a bad idea. I've had a few threesomes when I was younger, and they never work out once the sex is over. You don't want to go there, trust me." Emma pulled away and reluctantly got out of bed. "I'm going to go, but you should invite Tom back in here and fuck him like crazy. Let him know that he's still the one you want. What we did was just a little fun on the side - a distraction, and that was all." She gathered her clothes that were discarded haphazardly on the floor and headed toward the shower. "You may own him, but he's still your man. Let him know that."
She disappeared into the bathroom and she heard the shower running. Wendy was tempted to join her, but that would defeat the purpose. She reached for her vibrator and began buzzing her pussy with it. It felt nice, but not as nice as Emma's tongue. Nothing could match that.
The things Emma had said also dampened her sexy mood. She put the vibrator aside angrily, why did she have to ruin everything like that? She did still want Tom, and he was still her man. That had never changed. She just wanted him to be...better. That's all. But, was making him fuck her friend doing that? Was lending him out to her mother doing that?
That had been the intention, but was that all there was to it? What was behind this strange impulse of hers to share him with others? And not just share him, but to share him sexually. She fiddled with her clit as she contemplated this. Just the thought that she had shared him was getting her horny again. She had to recognize that once she'd discovered how she could see and hear what Tom was doing, she was looking forward to sharing him some more. Did she really want to see her mother sucking his cock? Kinda...yeah...
It was disturbing how turned on that got her. She had already been envisioned watching Tom do her other friend, Jordyn. She was so shy and embarrassed by anything naughty, she couldn't imagine her having sex. That would be fun to see...and get off to. Was she somehow turning her husband into her own private pornographer? That was silly.
Emma came out of the bathroom looking sexier than ever, even though she was fully dressed. All Wendy could think about was getting her naked again and how hot that would be. She spread her pussy lips open, hoping to entice her friend back into bed for more.
"Don't do that to me," Emma begged, looking longingly at the lewd display from a still-naked Wendy. "That is easily the cutest cunt I've ever seen, but it's not enough for me to ruin my marriage over. Close, but not quite." She leaned over and gave her a kiss on the lips, a lingering one. Then she went down and kissed a nipple. And finally went even lower and kissed her bald mound.
Wendy arched up, trying to get a kiss on her clit, but Emma knew what she was doing and backed off. She picked up the vibrator, slipped it easily into Wendy's slick hole, and pushed it most of the way in. "This will have to do for now." Another kiss on her thigh. "Think of me when you come," she whispered and left before she could be seduced back into Wendy's embrace.
~ ~ ~