(This chapter is dedicated to an anonymous/adventurous couple who have written copious comments about this series. Thanks again to everyone for their input.)
David avoided talking about what I was doing with this odyssey I was on. I sensed that he knew, even before the couples swap, I was having sex with other men. How could he not smell it on me?
I was never selfish in our marriage. David was big guy on the block and I was the attentive and loving wife. Those were roles played out everyday around the world but I was growing stagnant in that role. I didn't plan its unfolding but it was sex that unfolded before me and it was like electricity running through my body.
I kept picturing a scenario where David could understand and embrace my desires but it couldn't happen if I kept secrets and David kept wishing it away. We needed to talk...openly.
After dinner, I had to block his usual dash to the living room and then, the trickier part, get him to talk, a frequent challenge for the gender. 'Use your words', I repeated endlessly.
"David, we have to talk."
"If it's about that," referencing what he knew was coming, "I'd rather not."
"But, we have to," I pleaded. "I love you and want you with me. This is about sex not love. You love sex just like I do."
"I love sex with my wife."
"You're not losing that. But I need more variety in my life and I want you to be a part of that."
"What? You want me to hold your thong while some guy has his way with you?"
"Let me ask you something, how often do you think of other women? In a typical week how often do you find yourself fantasizing about someone on the street or in your office or anywhere?"
"Hardly ever," he said with a straight face, "I fantasize about you."
"I don't believe you," I challenged him, "you're full of shit."
"It's true!" He protested.
"What do you think I am, blind, deaf and oblivious? Just in the time I spend with you I see you scouting pretty girls all the time..."
"But I..."
"...and when you're checking them out, what are you imagining?"
"Just that they're pretty."
"No, David, what is your dick plotting when you see a pretty girl?"
"Nothing, I'm married."
I put my head in my hands, "God, you're exhausting! David, WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO WITH THEM?!?!"
"I, ah, sometimes I..."
Calming myself down, "David, just like how you were with Sandra, you're attracted to them and you want to fuck them. If you had the chance and they said yes you'd fuck every single one of them."
He stopped talking.
"It's normal," I reassured him, "so I'm telling you that I have those same attractions and urges except I don't want to deny myself the incredible pleasure of that. We should be happy we're strong sexual beings. That's what I'm doing, satisfying my natural needs. You can be a part of that with me."
He didn't move but stared straight at me like a zombie.
"David?"
"Okay...I'll try."
"Do you want to make a pack that we tell each other, in detail, what we've done?"
"No," he said, defiantly, "I can't handle that right now."
"Anything you want me to tell you at all?"
"No, not now," he said, somewhat confused, his voice softening, "I will admit one thing though and I still don't know what to make of it."
He took a long, thoughtful pause.
"Amateur night at the club...a guy came up to me after you'd danced, and the table was full of cash, and offered me five hundred bucks to take you around the corner to the motel and fuck you. He invited me to watch if I liked."
"What did you say?"
"I glared him down until he walked away. I was seething with anger that some random stranger thought that I was pimping you out and that he could buy my wife."
"That must have been weird."
"That wasn't the weird part. The part that I've never quite gotten past is that...is that I was aroused. I was steaming mad and wanted to annihilate the guy and at the same time I wanted to say yes. I'm not telling you this because I wanted that to happen but because I was shocked at my feelings about it."
"David, thank you for telling me that," somewhat relieved he was being honest finally.
"I still can't get it out of my head. I keep imagining it even if I don't want to. Sitting there watching that guy have my wife, touching you, fucking you..."
I kissed him and held him in my arms...which morphed into having very passionate sex on the dining room table. I'd never felt him so aggressive.
When we'd finished I ran to the bathroom to clean the cum from my pussy and when I got back David had tidied up the table and was sitting there, steely eyed and deep in thought.
Turning towards me he said, "Because you offered to give detail about your encounters and because I'm some sort of masochist, tell me about one encounter, but only one."
"O...kay...well I got called into the boss's office on my first day and he started talking about the girls being appreciative for giving them a spot at the club. He was wondering if I was appreciative. I knew what he meant and, figuring it was a right of passage, I came around his desk and fucked him."
"Did you...did you like it?" he asked, avoiding my eyes.
"Yes"
"Was he well hung?"
"Yes"
"Would you do it again?"
"Yes, maybe."
"On amateur night I knew he would go after you. I could see it on his face."
After that he got up, went in the living room and turned on the TV. At ten he went to bed without a word. I couldn't quite figure out if we'd made progress but at least there was some truth telling going on.
Before going up to bed I got a text from Sam:
'You were so magnificent today. Can't stop thinking about you, being inside you.'
I sat down on the couch and texted back: 'I felt the same way having you fill me up.'
Without a hint of intention and David upstairs asleep, Sam and I had fallen into sexting:
'Call me back,' he texted.
I looked around just in case David should get up. It was quiet. I called Sam and he answered from where we'd left off:
"From the moment I ran my hand down your thigh today I didn't want to stop," he said.
"I can feel you right now," I whispered, "I'm tingling all over, wanting you to take me. I feel you sucking my tits.'
"Are you touching yourself?"
My panties were incredibly wet and I pulled them off.
"Yes"
"Me too. I'm stroking my hard cock. I'm shaking I want you so much."
"Take me, Sam. My panties are on the floor and my legs are wide open. Fuck me, baby. Make me yours. I want it!"
"I'm pushing my throbbing shaft into your wetness. It feels so good. You look beautiful taking it."
As he spoke I was furiously stimulating my clit and getting close. We continued the exchange, him describing the act inch by inch. eventually i could hear the urgency in his voice.
"Are you cumming?" I asked.
'Yes, baby, I'm slamming my rod faster in you. I'm gonna cum!'
"I'm cumming!"
A strong orgasm washed over my body while I heard him release his load on the other end. Almost in sync, "Uhhhhhnnnnnnn..."
"I have to go, Sam."
"Sure, babe. Sweet dreams and see you soon."
"Goodnight"
Now you could add phone sex with another man in our living room to my list of marital transgressions. I was trying to reconstruct our marriage and having no idea what I was doing. It was just full speed ahead into the abyss.
I gathered up my wet underwear and turned to go upstairs...and there was David, standing on the landing.
"How long have you been there?" I asked nervously.
"A few minutes," he said, and turned to go back up stairs to bed.
Oh, fuck.
The next morning absolutely nothing was said about the phone sex. In fact, he was his usual happy self. I thought it was a mind game to punish me but there appeared to be no malice behind his cheery demeanor.
He kissed me on the cheek and took off for work. Hmmmm.
***
The girls at The Pleasure Palace let me know that there was an underground sex club within the city limits. How it evaded the authorities was a mystery. Everyone assumed an 'agreement' had been negotiated where law enforcement pretended that it was something other than what it was. They still allowed local regulatory agencies like the health department to do their job.
It was called, Delicious.
To the authorities it was just another bar but to those in the know you came to fuck and be fucked. The strip club girls were in the know.
So here I was standing in front of it about to hire out my services. The girls said it was a beehive of customers used to spending lots of money on hot young pussy. They only hired the most beautiful girls they could find and clientele paid premium prices for premium girls.
I went in.
The bartender approached me with, "You're probably here to see Ted."
"Who's Ted?"
"The manager. I doubt you came in for a beer. Not a girl that looks like you...I'll get him."
"Oh, sure, thanks."
He was gone all of two minutes and then, "Follow me." He led me through confusing twists and turns, finally reaching the manager's office and, yes, like you I'm wondering if I had to fuck Ted to get the job. Wasn't that always the way of it?
I dressed my job application best; black satin blouse with nude shoulders tricked out with faux diamonds arranged in a random pattern, way too short black and white checkered skirt, mid thigh black stockings and 4 inch black heels.
I stood up and showed off the goods. He seemed pleased.
What's your name, sweetheart?"
"Angie. My stage name is Jazmine."
"Stripper?"
"Yes"
"Well," said a round, balding little man of maybe fifty, "looks like this is my lucky day. You're a stunner, sweetheart. You're obviously looking for a job."
"Ya, I guess so."
"Do you know what we do here? Because if you did you wouldn't 'guess so'. You'd know one way or another. It's all about sex. You're going to end up fucking a lot of guys and even a few women. Depending on how good you are, you can make a lot of money.
"The club is a labyrinth of rooms that surround a large main area with a bar and a main stage where we feature live sex shows. The performers are some of our girls and a few studs we bring in to fuck the girls on stage. It's mandatory that you do some of the shows and it's on a rotation.
"All the rest of the time you cruise the floor and make arrangements with customers. The customers do not just pop in off the street. They have to apply for club membership just like a country club except without the golf. Hehe. We weed out the losers and guys that can't afford the quality we're offering.
"Regardless of who picks up who, you negotiate your own fee. The club takes ten percent off each transaction, whether you spend an hour, two hours or whatever with the guy. You're on the honor system to report your nightly take accurately. Tips are all yours.
"What you do with the customer, or he/she does with you, is entirely up to you. Get as kinky as you want. All the rooms have toys, lube, porn tv, music and best of all clean sheets, made up immediately after each use by our own housekeeping. Oh, and by the way, voyeurs who want to get stimulated or check out a particular girl for later reference are able to watch through a window. There's usually a lot of them.
So, I know that's a lot to take in but what do you think, sweetheart?"
"Yes?" a measure of unsureness in my voice.
"I'm glad you said that because with a body like yours there's no limit to how much you could make."
"Just one thing," I said, "for now I'm only interested in one night a week."
"Stand up again, doll. Okay, and come over here."
He put his hand on my ass and I thought, 'here it comes', but he just had me sit back down.
"I've got some customers that would fight over that ass of yours. I usually require a two night a week commitment but I may have to make an exception. I want your pussy in this club."
He balked at my request for Thursdays but relented using the logic that I might draw more customers on a week night.
I now worked part time at Delicious.
***
When I got home, David was already home and out of his work clothes and lounging. When he saw my outfit he said, "Wow, I hope your boyfriend liked that."
"There's no boyfriend. I had a job interview."
He was snarky but trying to stay upbeat. "I'm thinking the job wasn't grocery store bagger, because if it was then a whole lot more guys would beg to go shopping."
In an effort to be honest I told him. "I got a job Thursday nights at a place called Delicious."
"I heard about it from an out of town client about a year ago. It's a secret that's not a secret."
"Have you ever been there?"
"No, I'm married," he said with that snarky tone creeping in again.
"I wouldn't let that slow you down. From what I hear most of the men in there are married."
"Are you pushing me to go? I mean, like some kind of family outing?"
That sarcasm stopped the conversation dead. After an interminable silence he said, "Sorry, I'm trying. So!! Congratulations on your new job!"
"Thank you...I think."
He had a strange look on his face and just sat there like he was checking me out
"Jazmine!"
Why was he using my stage name? It was so alien to hear it from David.
"Jazmine, come here, get on your knees and suck my cock."
I hesitated for a second because it didn't sound like his voice but then I was a little turned on.
"C'mon, bitch, suck me off," he ordered me.
I felt compelled to do as he wanted, getting down in front of his chair and opening his pants. He was already nearly erect and his cock sprung from his underwear like a jack in the box. I put my lips on the head and sensually went down on it until there was nothing showing.
"That's a good girl," he said, "take it all the way, Jazmine."
I gagged as he held the back of my head in place. When he finally let go I could barely get a breath and was struggling but he forced me down again. Not as long but I gasped as he let go. He began face fucking me, hands on each side of my face, in a way he'd never done before.
I could feel his cock begin to swell in his mouth and as he held me he shot his hot cum down my throat. He moaned with his eyes closed as it kept coming. "Awwwww fuck...Jazmine...fuuuuccckkk".
When he released me I was panting and coughing. Once I'd recovered I asked him why he called me Jazmine.
"Because I wanted a little of what everybody else is getting. I wanted that girl, Jazmine, to service me. I put my head in that space. You weren't my wife anymore. You were somebody else's slut wife and I was using you for my pleasure."
"It was intense."
I dreamt about doing this last night. I woke up and almost fucked you when you were still sleeping. You weren't Angie, you were Jazmine and I wanted some of that hot cunt of yours. Sorry I called you a bitch...."
"No, no, no, it was exciting, baby. I want you to use me. God, my pussy is incredibly wet just talking about it."
"Fuck me, David!"