Recap
Hi, my name is Archie and my twin sister is called Alice. A while back I wrote about how Alice suddenly decided that she wanted to show her naked body to the whole world, and how she got me to help her to do just that. Well my original story was about what happened during the holiday just before our last year at school. We had both turned eighteen and our parents had decided that we were adults and that we could look after ourselves and even go to daddy's cabin in the forest for a few days on our own.
The following school year wasn't as much fun mainly for Alice because the sleeping pills and hypnotism tricks that we played on our friends had worn a bit thin and we were starting to believe that our mates were getting suspicious that it was all a con, which it was, and that Alice was just a devious exhibitionistic slut (which she is). The other bad thing about that year was our course work, there was just way too much of it for Alice and I to have much fun.
The good thing about that year for me was that Alice refused to wear any clothes at home when our parents weren't around, and that we continued to fuck like rabbits for the whole year.
Whenever we could borrow our mother's car on an evening, and the weather was reasonable, we went dogging, Alice performing for the voyeurs then wanking them through the car windows. Occasionally, Alice would wind the passenger door window down and stick her butt well out. Then she'd ask me to take a box of condoms round to her side of the car and invite the men that came to look at her, to fuck her, if they wore a condom. Also occasionally we'd get out of the car and we would perform over the front of the car as well.
I often wondered what those men would think if they realised that we are brother and sister.
Another bit of fun that we had all year was that Alice would pretend to be a human rag doll and she'd get me to do all sort of things to her whilst she tried to keep a straight face and a totally limp body. We started this after we watched a couple of porno movies about Flexi-Dolls and Alice loved the idea. Alice kept saying that she imagined that I was a stranger abusing her body. Well the seconds part was right.
As time went on she got very good at it and I could stretch and bend her body into lots of positions that only gymnastic girls can get into. She also learnt how to orgasm silently and she'd sometime cum without me knowing that she had whilst I was manipulating her body or actually fucking her. Alice had done gymnastics in her younger years and this brought a lot of things back to her. She also kept telling me that one day she was going to get other men to do the same to her.
She also loved the idea of pretending to be a shop mannequin and being left in shop windows totally naked with lots of people walking by and staring at her and wondering if she was made of plastic or flesh and bones.
During the holidays before university we again went to daddy's cabin and had a great couple of weeks there. Unfortunately there weren't any groups of young men there for her to show-off to but we met quite a few people out walking and on the beach. Alice being naked on those outings and we never once got any derogatory comments.
Oh, one thing that I should tell you is that Alice used our father's credit card to buy herself a laser hair removal device and is now completely bald from her neck down. We have had a couple of inspections since then and have only had to use the device to remove a couple of stragglers.
*****
*****
This story starts later that year when we were nineteen and going off to university. After the initial moving and settling in the story becomes more of a list of events that happened over the next few months, often the only common denominator was Alice being naked in places where society says that girls aren't supposed to be naked.
These events may not be listed in chronological order, just in the order that I thought of them whist writing.
*****
*****
We'd both decided to go to the same university on the same course and I'm pleased to tell you that our parents got someone to find two apartments in the same block, my father saying that I needed to be close to Alice to keep her on the straight and narrow, I didn't know what he meant by that and I didn't ask. The two apartments are the only ones on the top (fifth) floor of a block that has eight apartments on each of the floors below. We didn't have the heart to tell our parents that just one apartment would do because we'd only be using one bed.
Yes, after just over a year of us fucking like rabbits all the time, our parents were still oblivious to our carnal activities. Okay they'd noticed that Alice's wardrobe had changed but they'd not really said much about it especially after Alice had told mum that she was only wearing what all the other teenage girls were wearing and that she was eighteen and could decide what to wear all on her own.
I, of course, wasn't complaining, Alice has an amazing and truly hot body and I see all of it just about every day.
When Alice heard about the apartments she was so happy and our lovemaking was much more lively as she thought about ways that we could revive our hypnotism games and other scenarios where she could get naked with other people looking at her. She even told me that outwardly she was going to be a respectable girl who would never let any boy get further than first base with her but with my help she would be an exhibitionistic slut.
Alice even decided that if she were caught dressed slutty by people that she knew she would deny all knowledge of being slutty and say that she was dressed perfectly respectably and that her brother would agree with her. It would then be up to me to privately explain that I had hypnotised her to believing that she was dressed perfectly respectably.
I wasn't sure how that would work and decided to play it by ear each time that it happened. I was happy that I had become quite proficient at lying about things to do with my sister.
*****
The day of our move to our university accommodation finally arrived and daddy actually took a day off work to drive us there with our belongings filling the back of his 4 x 4 and he actually helped us carry cases and boxes to the lift up to our rooms.
When he finally left us Alice said,
"Well, I bet that he's happy to see the back of us."
"No sis, he's not that bad, he's just a busy man. If he didn't care for us he wouldn't have bought these two apartments for us. They're going to be worth a fortune when me move out."
"That's if he bought them in our names Archie."
"Good point, I'll have to find the answer to that sometime."
All our boxes were left on the landing between the two apartments and we went into each apartment and had a good look around and out of the windows.
"I want this one Archie." Alice said.
"Okay, but why?"
"Because all the people in that tower block over there will be able to look into this room and see me."
"See you naked you mean Alice?"
"That's a given Archie." Alice replied as she started to strip naked.
It took us a while to move the boxes into the right rooms then get the beds made. We'd already decided to make both apartments look lived in even though I intended to spend ninety plus percent of my time in Alice's apartment. Then it was food time. We decided to order in and we were pleased that the pizza place would deliver right to the apartment if they were buzzed in.
Of course Alice did what she had been doing frequently over the last year, answering the door in the nude. What's more she was pleased to discover when she talked to the young male delivery guy that none of the delivery staff were university students from either of the two universities in the city.
We christened the bed as soon as we'd eaten then we decided to go and explore the rest of the building. Alice put the same miniskirt and top that she'd worn for the journey there then looked at the fire door that's opposite the lift. I opened it and put a box in the way of it closing so that we didn't get locked out.
We were please to see that there was quite a bit of flat roof space and I wondered how long it would be before Alice was nude sunbathing out there. Looking around we could see office blocks and what looked like blocks of basic student accommodation. I again thought of Alice nude sunbathing but with people watching her from the blocks that made ours look small.
"This could be fun." Alice said, "we could have a party out here."
I looked around and was pleased to see that there are high barriers all around the edges of the roof. If there hadn't been I could imagine drunk students looking over the edge and loosing their balance.
As we went down the stairs we went onto each floor and discovered that it looked like there were eight apartments on each floor. Judging by the space between the doors it looked they would all be quite small. I was suddenly grateful that our parents had money.
When we got to the ground floor we discovered a laundry room and a large communal lounge, with vending machines and a small kitchen area, that would be a great place for parties I thought and I imagined a 'hypnotised' Alice doing all sorts of things there to show her body to the other students.
Just as we were leaving that room we nearly bumped into another student, a young man called Luke. We had a quick conversation during which Luke suggested that we have a party for all residents so that we could get to know each other. When Alice said that that was a great idea Luke suggested the coming Saturday then said that he'd make some posters and stick them up all over the place.
Another newbie was arriving as we walked through the entrance area and we shared the lift with her, Amelia, and Alice told her about the party.
Back up on literally our floor, Alice got naked again then we continued getting ourselves organised. Later that evening Alice put on some clothes, well a dress, that made her look respectable and we went down the stairs to go out and have a look around.
On the way we met two more people who were staying there and Alice made sure that they knew about the party.
Alice and I soon discovered that we were living in a part of the city that was lively at night. Lots of pubs, clubs and restaurants. As we walked passed one on the clubs we realised that it was strip club which interested Alice a lot.
"Do you think that they have amateur nights Archie?" Alice asked.
"Probably, let's find out." I replied and took Alice's hand and led her to the door where a huge bouncer was stood.
"Do you have amateur stripper nights?" I asked.
"Not for you but your bit of stuff could enter them."
I looked at the man, smiled and replied,
"Yeah, it's for her but I might be interested in putting on a sex show with her."
"We'd need to see her perform before we'd think about that but that would be off the books, sex shows aren't legal around here."
"Well for a private party or something." I replied.
"Let's see her stripping first, bring her along on any Thursday evening, and make sure that she's shaved, no one likes to see a hairy bush these days."
Alice then surprised me, but not the bouncer by the look on his face when she pulled up the front of her dress, showed him her bald pubis and said,
"Like this you mean?"
"Yes luv, like that. Any Thursday."
We left and continued walking. By the time we got back to our apartments we had a reasonable feeling for the place and Alice admitted that she'd made a mental note of the pubs that she thought that she could get naked in.
We met three more guys that lived in our block as we walked in and made sure that they knew about the party. As we went up in the lift Alice said,
"I wonder if it's mainly guys that have rooms here, we've seen more guys than girls so far."
"I hope that it's roughly even numbers, I want some eye candy as well."
"I guess that that's fair, maybe you could chat up one of the girls and we could have a threesome. You'd like that wouldn't you bro?"
"Yes, I think that I would but it goes against your prim and proper image, you don't want people talking and maybe suspecting that you are not what the image depicts."
"True, we'd have to find a girl from somewhere else."
"And before you ask, no I don't want a threesome with another guy."
"But you can get lots of guys to fuck the hypnotised me Archie."
"That I don't mind. I just don't want another cock coming near me. Besides, our adventures are going to be all about you Alice."
"Thank you bro."
"You're welcome you exhibitionistic nymphomaniac."
"What's wrong with that?"
"Nothing, absolutely nothing Alice."
*****
The next couple of days were spent mainly at the university registering for our courses and seeing what other activities were on offer. Alice dressed respectably for these days in a knee length dress' although she wore nothing under them.
The art course was looking for models but we again decided that it wouldn't be appropriate for her goody two shoes image. That was until Alice wondered if the other university in the city also wanted models for their art classes. The next day we went over there and Alice left her name and number with the art course admin people.
*****
Then it was the Saturday, I went out and bought some booze and nibbles whilst Alice decided what to wear. We'd already agreed that if the hypnotism subject came up then I would not get Alice to do anything too outrageous, more of a teaser of what would be possible if the guys there were to get me to repeat the hypnotism some other time.
"And WE (meaning me) are going to drop hints to get them to get you to put me into my hypnotic state aren't we Archie?" Alice said.
"Mainly when you say that you want me to Alice but at times I'll just do it when you're not expecting it."
"That's fine, I'll be listening for those magic words all the time bro, just don't use them at inappropriate times."
"If I do you can always pretend that you didn't hear me."
Around 9 p.m. Alice out a top and skirt, then surprised me by pulling on a bra and a G-string.
"What's those for?" I asked.
"Just in case you want to test that your hypnotism still works on me. I thought that getting me to take my knickers off would be a good way to introduce the possibilities."
"Good idea sis, I hadn't thought that far ahead."
We went down to the communal lounge with our arms full of booze and snacks where we saw a couple of people that we'd already met and quite a few that we hadn't. The next couple of hours were spent getting to know everyone with lots of the expected questions and the repeating of potted versions of each our lives so far, although both Alice and I always missed out the that fact that we were also lovers and all of her exhibitionist exploits.
Alice and I quickly let it be known that we were twins and that he had the two top floor apartments but doing it in a way that he hoped no one would think that we were snobs or anything like that.
Around midnight Alice whispered to me that her damned G-string was annoying her. That was her intentional hint to start me thinking about dropping the hypnotism bomb.
"So," I said quite loudly, "who has got a talent or skill that hasn't come up in the conversations so far?"
"I used to do gymnastics,"Jessica said, "I made it to the schools district competition."
"I was in my schools football team." Logan said.
"I play the piano." Violet announced, got to grade 7 before I left to come here."
"I used to help out at Yoga sessions." Elle replied.
"I do Karate," Harper said, "I'm a Black Belt."
"Woah there," I said, "Alice, remind me not to argue with you Harper."
"What about our not so identical twins?" Matt asked.
"Nothing really," I said, "I dabbled with some hypnotism a couple of years ago. I got Alice doing some crazy things."
"You did not Archie," Alice quickly replied, "it never worked on me nor anyone else that you tried to hypnotise."
"I did, and it DID work on you."
"Oh no it didn't."
"Oh yes it did, in fact you still might be under my spell dear sister."
"I can't STILL be under any spell because I was never there in the first place DEAR brother."
"Alice, Simple Simon Says Pineapple." I said.
Alice just looked straight ahead.
"Alice, Simple Simon Says says give me your glass and put your right hand high in the air."
Alice did.
"Wow, it's been over a year since I hypnotised Alice and I am a bit surprised that it still works."
"So Alice is in some sort of hypnotic trance now?" Violet asked.
"Yes, try talking to her, try telling her to do something, try slapping her butt." I said, "she won't respond unless I tell her to."
"Wow, is this for real?" Ruby asked.
"Try it." I replied.
"Alice, what day is it?" Imogen asked.
No response.
"Alice, are you hypnotised?" Jessica asked.
No response.
Logan walked over to Alice and gently slapped her butt and said,
"Most girls would have thumped me and told me to do one if I'd done that to them."
"Alice won't even remember you doing it unless I tell her to remember."
"So how does it work?" Henry asked, "You just tell her to do something and she will, even if it's something that she wouldn't normally do?"
"Yeah, I replied, but she's programmed to only respond to things that I tell her to do and only if I say those Simon words first, watch."
"Alice, bring your arm down."
Nothing happened and after about ten seconds I said,
"Alice, Simple Simon Says bring your arm down."
Alice brought her arm down to her side.
"You try it Ruby." I said as she was stood beside Alice.
She did, trying with and without the Simple Simon Says and Alice didn't respond.
"So Archie, Logan said, "you can tell Alice to do, well anything and she'll do it and when you bring her out of her trance she won't remember doing it, is that right?"
"Yep, unless I tell her to remember doing it. I can also get her to believe something when she's in her hypnotic state and tell her to keep believing it when I take her out of her hypnotic state."
"What do you mean Archie?" Logan asked.
"Well for example I could tell her to put on an imaginary overcoat and even when she comes out of her hypnotic state she'd still think that she was wearing it until I tell her to take it off. That applies to taking all her clothes off as well."
"So you could tell her to take off..." Logan said but I interrupted him and continued for him,
"Her top and tell her to think that she was still wearing it even though she was topless."
"Wow, have you done that before?" Henry asked.
"Yes, but only when we were with her girl friends who had all seen each other in the communal showers."
"I find that hard to believe." Ruby stated.
"Do you want me to prove it Ruby?"
"Go on then." A couple of the guys both said.
I looked round at everyone, most of the guys were obviously hoping that I'd tell Alice to take her top off, and even a couple of the girls looked like they were expecting me to but it wasn't to be.
"Guys, if Alice ever found out that she'd been topless in front of all you lot she'd be mortified, she'd never be able to look any of you in the face again. And if she found out that I had actually hypnotised her and told her to take it off I'd she'd kill me."
I saw a few disappointed faces and heard the odd groan before I continued,
"What I will do which will protect her modesty is to tell her to take her knickers off if you like?"
Unsurprisingly there was support for that so I said.
"Alice, take your knickers off and go round showing them to everyone. Then give them to me. When I say the magic word you return to normal you will think that you still have your knickers on."
Nothing happened and after a few seconds I continued,
"Damn it, it has been so long since I did this that I forgot. Alice, Simple Simon Says take your knickers off and go round showing them to everyone. Then give them to me. When I say the magic word you return to normal you will think that you still have your knickers on."
All eyes were glued to Alice's hands as they went under her skirt, pulling it up until she was able to get her thumbs inside the strings of her G-string then down it went. As that point I guessed that Alice had forgotten to wear a tight fitting skirt so that it stayed up when her hands went down. As it was, no one saw her slit, only the G-string that she stepped out of. She then held it in the shape that it would be when she was wearing it and she walked round the room letting everyone see it.
"Bloody hell, it looks wet." Mason said.
When Alice got to me she gave me the G-string and I put it in one of my pockets. Then she just stood there.
"Alice." I said, "Simple Simon Says that when I clap my hands three times and say the magic word you will not remember anything that has just happened, you will think that you are still wearing your knickers and you will continue talking to everyone as if nothing had happened."
I clapped my hands three times and said the word 'Rhubarb'.
Alice blinked and said to Ruby,
"Sorry, what did you just say Ruby?"
For the next thirty of so minutes the party continued with people talking in small groups and moving around as and when. Whenever I was with any of the guys they all wanted to know what things I had got Alice to do in the past. I certainly didn't tell them everything, just that I'd got her to spend an evening at a party totally naked and that she believed that she was wearing underwear and a dress.
Three of the guys asked me to do that again but I told them that they'd have to wait and see. Logan's brain was obviously working overtime because he said,
"Man, think of the possibilities, you could get her naked anywhere or fuck her brains out and you could stop her from remembering any of it."
"Logan, Alice is my sister, my twin sister and I could never do anything like that to her. But if I did I would never want her to find out about it; but it's never going to happen, as I said, she's my sister."
"Okay, but you have got her naked in public before Archie?"
"It was a private party, not exactly public."
"Hmm, may have to stretch your limits a bit buddy."
"Luke, I'm not going to do anything that would hurt her."
"I wouldn't expect you to buddy, just give us a bit of fun."
"Maybe one day."
Like most of the parties that were going on for freshers, the booze was flowing freely and people were getting 'happy'. What's more, some were determined to have more fun in the form of some games. They started as drinking games then progressed because someone went and got the game twister.
Three of the girls were wearing skirts but everyone joined in, girls vs. boys.
When the first girl, Elle, who was wearing a skirt played everyone got to see her pink thong but she was too far gone to care, even when she got a couple of comments from some of the guys. The second girl wearing a skirt, Imogen, surprised everyone because she wasn't wearing any knickers and had a bald pussy, but again she was quite 'happy'. Of course most of the people there saw her butt and pussy and when Matt said that she had a nice pussy she dropped to the floor, closed her legs and said,
"Oops, I forgot that I didn't put any knickers on. He, he."
Alice was the last girl to play and when I looked at her I knew that she was still quite sober. As she walked to the twister sheet our eyes met and she winked at me.
The inevitable happened and most of the guys were behind her as her bare butt and pussy came into view.
Harper had seen as well and she said,
"Alice, everyone can see your pussy."
"Don't be silly," Alice replied, "all you can see is my yellow knickers and you wouldn't even be seeing those if I was sober. You won't tell anyone will you?"
"But Alice." Harper said.
"I know, I'm showing my knickers and I'd be really, really upset if I was sober but I'm not, I don't care. Anyway, all the guys are drunk, they'll have forgotten by morning."
I doubted that very much but I wasn't going to say anything.
That round of the game continued and Alice was that last one to fall, having had two feet on yellow and two on red, her butt hovering over the blue circles and her feet not on adjacent yellow circles.
Just about everyone got a great look at Alice's bald pussy before she dropped her butt then got to her feet.
"Good job you had knickers on Alice" I said.
"Yes, at least everyone didn't see my pussy unlike Imogen."
"You didn't show any more than you would have on the beach sis."
"That's a good job, I would have been mortified."
The party went on for about another thirty minutes more before people started to leave. Before most had left I went to Alice and said,
"Simple Simon Says put your knickers on Alice."
I gave them to her and she put them on, pulling her skirt up with them then letting go of it when the G-string was straight.
Clap, clap, clap, "Rhubarb".
"I'm feeling a bit tired, I'm off to my room. Seeya everyone." Alice said and walked out. I looked round and saw that all the guys were smiling. Some of the girls still not believing what they had seen.
Alice was more hungry than recently to get my cock inside her as soon as we got to her room and there was the first signs of dawn when I finally got to sleep.
*****
After Alice dismounted me just before noon she started telling me about a few of the engineered exposures that she had planned. Some were just quick flashes and some not even flashes, just actions that would make unsuspecting men think about her pussy. Some were times where she would be naked in front of strangers for quite a while. After she had finished I changed the subject back to the previous night's party.
"Logan was dropping hints that I should put you under and get you to strip naked in public and fuck your brains out but I think that it was more of a case of him wanting to fuck your brains out Alice."
"Hmm, that guy could come in handy sometime, and he's not that bad looking. Do you think that he'd like to treat me like a rag doll sometime?"
"I'm sure that he would but if you're going to fuck him make sure that he wears a condom, that reminds me, we have to get another big box of those, you enjoyed yourself too much the last time that we went dogging and you had your butt stuck out of the car window."
"Yes, that was good, one of the guys had a really big cock and he knew how to play with my clit while he was fucking me."
"So you said at the time."
"Hey bro, I still like your cock the best and you're the best at using it."
"Thanks sis but I'm well resigned to not having the biggest cock in the world."
"And I'm well resigned to not having the biggest tits in the world."
"I don't like big tits, yours are just right for me."
"That's why I love you bro."
"And I love you too sis, now do you want another load of my cum dumping inside you before we get up?"
"Yes please."
Twenty minutes later we both climbed into Alice's shower then got ready to go out. Alice wanted to walk round all our, and the other university's notice boards to see if anyone was looking for girls to earn some extra cash doing something that could involve her getting naked.
Alice put on a thick top that didn't reveal that she wasn't wearing a bra and a skirt that came down nearly to her knees.
"Going for the demure look are we?" I asked.
"Hey, I'm a goody two shoes and I have a reputation to setup and maintain."
I just laughed and out we went.
We walked the short distance to our university, Churchill University, where we wandered around and on one notice board near the art department we saw two leaflets that caught our attention, one was for the expected Life Drawing Models and the other one surprised us both 'Nude Models wanted for Body Painting'. We also saw leaflets for various restaurants and other places all looking for cheap student labour.
"I'm happy that we don't have to resort to any of those." Alice said.
Then I had a brainwave,
"Maybe you could apply for a few of those and go for the interview wearing next to nothing and flash the interviewer." I suggested.
Alice took photographs, using her phone, of all the potential adverts.
After we'd looked at all the notice boards that we could find we headed to the cafeteria, mainly to get a coffee, but also to think some more about the adverts that we'd seen. As we looked at the nude models ones I suddenly thought of a potential problem,
"Did any of the people at the party last night say that they were doing an art course?" I asked.
"Not that I heard." Alice replied.
"Me neither, I'd hate for you to be posing in front of an art class with one of our building's residents drawing your cute pussy, that really would scupper your image."
"Too true bro, but I think that we'll be okay. Besides, something else might happen that will get me out of the closet."
"Would that be such a bad thing sis?"
"Not really, I just want everyone to have a goody two shoes image of me, well to start off with."
"We'll just have to see how it goes sis. You know that sitting like that, even with that skirt on, you are letting people see up your skirt probably to your pussy?"
"I hadn't thought of it, I guess that I've got so used to sitting with my knees wide open like you do that I just forgot."
"No image harm done. The only men that I've seen looking your way are way too old to be students."
"They might be lecturers."
"True but there must be hundreds of them here, the odds are on our side. Shall we head over to Clarkson uni, according to google it's only half a mile away."
About half way there Alice said,
"I don't like wearing long skirts, I'm not getting that nice breeze across my pussy."
"That skirt isn't really long, I can see your knees, but tell you what, on the way back we'll call in at one of the shopping centres and see if we can find something very thin with splits up the sides and front."
"Right up to my waist?"
"Maybe," I replied with a little chuckle, "we'll see what we can find."
"While we're there I want to get myself a new android phone."
"Why, what's wrong with the one that you've got?"
"Nothing, I want a second one that I can setup as a burner phone and have loads of photos of my tits and pussy on it then when were in a crowded place I can send some of the photos to nearby phones using Google's new Nearby Share."
"Well that's different to guys sending cock pics."
"Yeah, and using a burner phone no one will know where they came from and that it's my tits and pussy that they're wanking over."
"Why wasn't I born a girl, you have so much more fun than I do."
"But it's me that you fuck every morning, noon and night."
"True, and you do have a killer body."
At Clarkson uni we wandered around looking for notice boards but didn't find too many, the ones that we did find Alice photographed for future perusal and decision making. Clarkson, we discovered, is split over a lot more buildings than Churchill and we soon tired of going from building to building. What we did find at Clarkson was a sports centre where we realised that we hadn't even thought about a sports centre at Churchill, neither of us being that sporty but when Alice saw one at Clarkson she said,
"I wonder if Churchill has a sports centre, I can just see myself playing squash or badminton wear an ultra short skirt that's floating around letting all the other players and spectators see my bare butt and pussy."
"I didn't realise that you wanted to get any sporty exercise whilst we were at uni Alice."
"I didn't, I thought that I was done with sports but now that I've seen this I can see the potential for some fun."
As we wandered around I did some research on my phone then told Alice that Churchill didn't have a sports centre but their students could use the sports centre at Clarkson for free.
"Better still." Alice replied, "we can come here and I can flash my bits and with the slight chance that people we know from out uni it will make it more exciting for me."
"I need some new sports gear, I left my old kit back at home."
"That's okay, I'm going to need some new kit as well, things that I couldn't get away with wearing in PE lessons."
"Hey, we're not doing lots of shopping today, I still haven't fully recovered from last night, I need more sleep."
"Me too, we don't have to do everything at once, we are here for three years."
"That's if your little adventures don't get us thrown out."
"They won't, who's going to complain about seeing a girl like me naked."
"No one in their right mind, that's for sure."
On the way back to our apartments we skipped going shopping, there was a week before classes starting so we'd have plenty of time to do it later. What we did do when we got back was to go to bed again to get some more sleep, and a couple of hours later I woke to the amazing feeling of Alice riding my hard cock.
After that we thought that it might be a good idea to go down and check the communal lounge to make sure that it was tidy after the party. I put on Jeans and a T-shirt whilst Alice put on just a very short, low-cut summer dress that she didn't fasten the bottom three buttons.
"A bit risky for your image isn't it Alice?"
"If anyone sees us you hypnotised me when you came to my apartment to collect me to come here then told me to go and change into this dress."
As luck would have it, Logan and Imogen were down there doing the same thing. When Logan saw what Alice was wearing he whispered to me,
"I thought that your sister was a prude, she sure doesn't look that right now."
"When I went to tell her that we were coming down here to tidy-up she didn't want to come so I put her in her hypnotic state then told her that we were coming here."
"She was wearing that in her apartment?"
"Hell no, a much longer skirt and a thick top. Probably underwear as well. I told her to change into that dress."
"So is she wearing any underwear?"
"I don't know. ALICE. Have you got a minute please?"
Alice came over to me and Logan and I said,
"Alice, Simple Simon Says undo all the buttons on your dress and let us see whether or not you are wearing underwear."
Alice unfastened all the buttons and then held both halves of the dress wide open.
"Fucking hell man, that's one hell of a talent you've got there mate, can you get her to take the dress off please? You don't mind if Alice is naked do you Imogen?"
Imogen was like Logan and me, staring at Alice as I said,
"Alice, Simple Simon Says take the dress off and continue tidying-up."
Alice was facing the three of us when she got naked then put her dress over the back of a chair before getting on with the job in hand. The next thing that she did was to bend at the waist to pick up an empty beer bottle and put it in a rubbish bag.
"And she won't remember a thing about this?" Imogen asked.
"Not unless I tell her to." I replied.
"Wow," Imogen replied as we watched Alice turn her back to us and bend over to get another bottle.
"Don't you think that you shouldn't be getting Alice to do that?" Imogen asked.
"Well Imogen, the Alice that the public see is a different Alice to when she was at home in her bedroom. Outward she is the prim and proper prude but when she's on her own ground she is different, a sort of schizophrenic."
"She's naked in her bedroom?" Logan asked.
"Nothing special about that." Imogen replied, "I often don't bother with clothes in the privacy of my room, no one can see me."
"Can I come and visit you Imogen?" Logan asked.
"She often was, and we shared a bathroom that was between our rooms so the inevitable often happened and she didn't seem at all bothered by me seeing her naked, but there again, I'm her twin brother and she's said that I don't count."
"I wish that I had a twin sister like that." Logan said. "So have you used this hypnotism thing to get her naked before?"
"Yes, a few times."
"Don't you try hypnotising me," Imogen said, "when I get naked I want to know what I'm doing and who is looking at me."
"Relax Imogen, I'd never do that, I have enough trouble remembering what state Alice is in so two girls would be too much for me."
"Have you fucked her when she's hypnotised Archie?"
"No Logan, that wouldn't be right, she's my sister."
"Have you let anyone else fuck her whilst she's hypnotised?"
"I'll take the fifth on that Logan."
"So you think that she's a sort of closet slut then?" Imogen asked.
"Yeah I do, we're both doing a clinical psychology course so I'm hoping to learn more about these things. Now, I think that we should help Alice, it's not fair that she does all the cleaning."
"You're right." Imogen replied and went and started helping Alice.
Both Logan and I stayed put, Logan watching Alice bend over again and again, and me watching Imogen. After about a minute I whispered to Logan.
"Imogen isn't wearing any knickers either, like last night."
"Yes, I noticed that too, do you think that she puts out?"
"No idea mate, maybe she just doesn't like wearing knickers, Alice once told me that she hated them."
"Her slut persona coming out." Logan said,
"Yeah, I think so, they say that people can change, maybe Alice will change to be a full time slut."
"Here's hoping," Logan said, "hey, maybe you could keep her hypnotised all the time and get her dressing like a slut all the time?"
"Hmm, that's not a bad idea, look at her, she has got a hot body even if I say so."
"She certainly has."
"Hey you two," Alice said, "are you going to just stand there staring at us or are you going to help us? It's not like there's anything worth staring at."
Logan and I looked at each other, smiled and went and helped.
When the job was completed we all sat on the sofas, the girls sitting on one and Logan and I sitting on another that was facing the girls. I quickly saw that Alice sat with her knees apart a bit, her pussy visible, and Imogen didn't cross her legs, I could see her bald pubis. I looked at Logan and saw that he had noticed as well.
"So, Imogen, Logan, got anything planned until classes start?" I asked.
"No, I've done all my registering and so nothing to do for a week except have some fun. I might go to a club that someone mentioned."
"How about having another party here?" Logan asked, "we could invite any new friends that we've met."
"Good idea." Alice said, may as well start as we intend to go on."
We agreed on the Wednesday evening and Logan and Imogen volunteered to make sure that everyone else in the building knew about it.
"Alice," I said, "Simple Simon Says put your clothes back on."
"When she was 'decent' again I brought her out of her trance with,
Clap, clap, clap, "Rhubarb".
"Come on Alice," Imogen said, "we're going to make some posters for the party."
"We're having another party?" Alice asked.
"Yes on Wednesday."
"Oh, great idea, why didn't I think of that."
The two girls went off to make a couple of posters leaving Logan and me finishing my drinks.
"So are you going to get Alice naked again?"
"Do you want me to?"
"Hell yeah, she's got a great body. Will you let me fuck her when she's 'under'?"
"Do you want me to?"
"I do, you must really hate your sister getting her to do things like that."
"Not at all, I love my sister it's just that she works so hard and she needs to let herself go at times, enjoy things that her prudish side wouldn't approve of."
"That sort of makes sense. I'd sure like to get my hands on her body."
"Like a rag doll or just to fuck her?"
"A rag doll, what to you mean Archie?"
"With her naked and you moving her body to any position that you want."
"Like with her legs spread wide open or back over her head?"
"Yeah, something like that, I guess that you're limited by your imagination."
"That sounds like fun, everyone could have a go at moving parts of her, even the girls, they could use her as a dummy for a human biology lesson."
"That would be funny, and I could take photographs but not show them to her, she'd have a mare if she saw them whilst she was 'normal'.
"You've go to show me how to hypnotise a girl Archie."
"A hypnotists is only as good as the susceptibility of the victim Logan."
"Well I guess that Alice is very susceptible then."
"Yes, I guess she is."
"Right, Wednesday, an evening of naked Alice then," Logan said, "I hope that the others don't mind."
"They don't have to stay and watch."
"True. Hey, would you mind if us guys took photographs of her when she's naked?"
"Go for it mate, but just make sure that Alice never sees them."
"I'm sure that the guys will be very discreet Archie."
*****
The Monday and Tuesday were spent with Alice and I shopping for everything that we needed, and of course marathon sex sessions with no fear of mum or day coming home. Alice also managed to attract the attention of some people in the buildings opposite as she stood in her window looking out, naked of course. We even went up onto the roof again for Alice to try to work out the best place for her to do some nude sunbathing when the weather was warm enough and she told me that she liked walking around up there whilst she was naked, that it gave her a better feeling of being naked outdoors.
Anyway, during the day on the Wednesday we both went out and made two trips to the nearest supermarket to get load of booze and snacks and when it was time to go down to the party Alice put on one of her G-strings and a loose fitting summer dress, nothing else, not even shoes, and down we went.
Most of the people were already there and also a couple of mates of the guys. I guessed that they had told their mates that a girl would possibly be flashing her goodies again. If only they knew what Alice and I had planned.
The party started just like the majority of parties with people circulating, talking and drinking. I noticed Imogen bend over one time and I swear that she was knickerless again, and a couple of times I saw Alice bend right over, one time I was behind her and I saw a hint of her bare butt and a little triangle of fabric covering her pussy, and the other time I was in front of her and I saw her tits down the top of her dress. If I had noticed then there was a very good chance that some other guys had see as well but it was only those two occasions, the other times that she bent over she would hold the front of her dress against her chest or bent a lot more ladylike.
When it started to get late Logan came over to me and whispered,
"So are you going to do it then Archie?"
"Do you really want me to do this Logan?" I asked.
"Don't be stupid Archie, what guy wouldn't want to see your sister naked?"
"Okay then, but you've got to promise to go round everyone and remind them not to tell anyone about what happens here, you know what will happen to me if she ever finds out."
"Yeah, yeah, I'll take care of it." Logan replied.
I walked over to Alice who was sat on one of the sofas with Imogen on one side of her and Ruby on the other and I was pleased to see that she didn't have a drink in her hands.
"Alice Simple Simon Says Pineapple." I said.
Alice stared straight ahead.
"LISTEN EVERYONE," I shouted, "Some of you may have noticed that my gorgeous, amazing sister is a bit anti-boy at the moment. She never used to be, she had a boyfriend until a few months ago and she used to come home and tell me everything that they'd got up to, and I mean everything. Then something went wrong, I never saw the boy again and she will not talk about it. Well I've decided to do something about it, I want my real sister back.
In a minute I'm going to tell her to take her clothes off and let you all get your hands on her body. I'm not going to tell you what to do or what not to do but in a few minutes there will be a box of condoms down here. She will be acting like a rag doll and may I suggest that you move her limbs about a lot and bend her over a lot, she used to do gymnastics so she should be very flexible.
One or two of you may be thinking that I'm using my hypnotism skills just to get her gang-banged but that is far from the truth. As you know, I'm here to study psychology and I've read that in cases like this a good few large doses of what the patient used to enjoy can make them overcome the psychological barrier that their mind has erected.
So, if none of you have any objections we will begin."
I paused for a minute just to see if anyone said anything then I turned to Alice and was about to issue a command when Grace said,
"I thought that brothers were supposed to like their sisters Archie."
"I do, I love her dearly but she needs help to get over whatever it was that happened to her and I believe that this is the best way forward."
"So you're going to let us fuck her?" Caleb asked.
"Yes, and if any of the girls want to do anything to her then they can. It may have been another girl that did something to her."
I waited to see if anyone else had anything to say then said,
"Alice, Simple Simon Says when I stop talking you are to stand up and go to your room. You will then take off all your clothes and leave them on your bed and then go to my room where you will find a box of condoms near my computer. Finally you will bring the condoms down here then lay on one of the sofas. Go."
Alice stood up and walked out of the room.
"You're actually going to do this?" Owen said.
"No, you people are. As I said, I believe that this is the best treatment for her condition. Remember, her conscious side will not remember a thing about what happens but her sub conscious will be working away in the background and hopefully fight whatever the mental block is. Oh, and please remember, this all depends upon her never finding out anything about what is about to happen here. It will surface eventually but any early knowledge may do irreparable damage."
"Jeez mate," Logan said, "you're sounding like a shrink already and you haven't even started your course."
"Sorry about that but if any of you girls want a private consultation I will be happy to oblige."
"I might just take you up on that Archie." Imogen said.
Seconds later the very naked Alice walked into the room, gave me the box of condoms and went to the nearest sofa. Ruby jumped up letting Alice lay along it, one foot remaining on the floor.
"Alice, Simple Simon Says you are to relax your body and until I say otherwise you are to remain relaxed while all these nice people move your limbs, bend your body and insert objects into your vagina, do you understand?"
"Yes Master."
"Oh, got her to act like a Sub did you Archie, what else have you been doing to her?"
"Nothing, I don't know where she got that 'Master' thing from. I didn't think that she was submissive but maybe that trait has been hiding away all these years."
"Maybe you're submissive as well Archie, you are her twin." Imogen said.
"I don't think so but you never know, twins often share a lot of traits. Who wants to go first?"
Unsurprisingly, Logan stepped forward and we all watched as he put his arms under her back and lifted her into the sitting position. He spread her legs wide open then turned to look at me.
"Stretch her muscles and joints Logan, she used to do gymnastics so you should easily get her legs behind her head and stretched wide like in the splits."
Before he started doing that he put his hand in a pocket and took out his phone. Giving it to me he said,
"Would you take some photos please Archie?"
"Wanking material." I thought but said, "Sure, no problem, but they are for your eyes only."
"Good name for a movie that," Logan replied, "can you video it as well?"
"Sure."
Logan got started and Alice was being the perfect rag doll, her arms and legs were going everywhere that Logan put them, often leaving her pussy spread wide open allowing everyone to see, and the cameras, right inside her. I'm not an expert on female anatomy but I was sure that I could see her cervix at one point. What I definitely could see was her juices making her whole vulva nice and shiny. I just knew that she was loving every second of it.
After about ten minutes Logan stopped and turned to me.
"Are you sure that I can fuck her Archie?"
"With a condom on yes, go for it."
"You guys can watch if you like?" Logan said to the good dozen or so people watching.
I moved slightly so that Logan's phone would capture his cock entering Alice, and some of his thrusting in and out until he filled the end of the condom. I was watching Alice's eyes all the time and I saw a slight movement round her wide open eyes and I guessed that that was when she was having an orgasm.
"Who's next?" Logan asked when he finally pulled out of Alice's vagina.
Henry stepped forward and immediately god his cock out, put a condom on and started fucking Alice.
"No stretching of her limbs Henry?" I asked just after he grunted and shook telling us all that he'd just cum.
"Suppleness of the limbs could well be where the saying 'Use it or loose it.' came from mate."
Henry got hold of Alice's ankles and pushed them so far apart that the angle of each leg to her torso was less than ninety degrees. I looked at Alice's face for a hint of pain but saw none.
Jacob went next almost copying what Logan had done. Then so did all the other guys that were there. I was sure that Alice would be shattered by then but she just lay there and took everything that they could give including Ethan, Julian and Carter who decided to fuck her mouth instead.
Two girls, Imogen and Amelia, gave Alice's limbs a good workout and they had good pussy eating sessions as well. Both of which got lots of cheers from the guys but no reaction from Alice.
When the last one who wanted to use Alice's body had finished doing so, everyone decided that because it was 3 a.m. they were going to bed. Logan said,
"Are you going to leave her like that? Because if you are can I come back in the morning and giver her another one?"
"No Logan, I'm going to carry her to her bed then in the morning I'm going to tell her to get dressed then bring her out of it."
"Shame, never mind, there may be other times."
"You never know. Hey everyone, I'm thinking of keeping Alice in this, shall we sat 'compliant' mode for a while. It you see us out and about and she's wearing slutty clothes then there is a good chance that she is in her hypnotic state but acting normally. If I give you the thumbs up then that is the case. If I give you the thumbs down then I might just have solved her condition and she's back to where she was a year ago."
Everyone seemed to accept that and I led Alice, still naked, up to her room.
By the time that I had fucked her, Alice had been fucked by thirteen guys and she told me that she'd had six orgasms. She fell asleep within seconds of me lowering her legs to the bed.
*****
Alice was happy when she woke, so happy and aroused that she woke me by riding my morning woody. After breakfast we went down to the communal lounge, with her still naked, to clean up. Our plan being that if anyone else was there I would tell then that she was still in her hypnotic state. Unfortunately for her we didn't see anyone else.
As we were eating some breakfast Alice asked me what we were going to do if anyone wanted a repeat of the previous night's fun.
"Do you want any of them to do that again Alice?"
"Silly question bro, of course I do."
"Okay I'll see what I can organise. Where do you want it to happen?"
"Anywhere?"
"In the main entrance to the university?" I joked.
"Now that would be fun but being realistic it's probably best to do it, or should I say do me, up here, your apartment would be best I think, you can get one of the guys, or girls, up there then call me over."
"Okay, I can live with that but we'll have to make my apartment look more lived in."
"Yeah, scatter some of your dirty clothes around the place, half use toothpaste, half a bar of soap, that sort of thing."
"That's easy, we can use the shower over there a few times and not clean it."
"Do you even clean the shower Archie?"
"Hey, I clean it just as much as you do Alice."
"Yeah, okay."
We spent the next couple of days getting ourselves organised and whenever we went out Alice wore a knee length skirt or dress and made sure that her nipples weren't trying to poke their way through her tops.
We bumped into a few of the other residents, Imogen being one and she said that it was a shame that Alice couldn't have stayed to the end of the party.
"Yes, I was so tired," Alice replied, "Archie told me that I didn't miss much, that is right isn't it Imogen, I wouldn't put it passed him to not tell me everything that happened."
Imogen looked at me, I smiled and she replied,
"No Alice, nothing worth mentioning happened although it would be nice to continue where we left off Archie."
I immediately got an image of Imogen eating Alice's pussy at the party in my head so I said,
"Yeah, come on up to my place, top floor on the left, this evening around seven and I'll arrange it."
"Okay, I'll look forward to it." Imogen replied.
"Am I missing something here?" Alice asked. "Is there something that I should know about you two?"
"No Alice, there's nothing, it's just that we were talking about the latest GTA game which you say is boring."
"It is."
"Well you're entitled to your opinion Alice." I said, then turning to Imogen I said,
"See you about seven."
As we were walking away Alice said,
We'd better check your place when we get back. How are we going to do this?"
"You wait in your place, all dressed prim and proper, then when Imogen comes to my place I'll call you over then I'll Pineapple you."
"That would work bro."
When we got back we moved all me electronic games over to my apartment and set them up, Alice saying that my apartment would be my games room from then on in.
"In more ways than one." I replied.
"Yes, and we should get some concealed cameras in there to record all the fun."
"You're not thinking about blackmailing anyone are you Alice?"
"Hell no, the videos will be for our enjoyment only, we're not short of money."
At 7 p.m. I was sat in my room in front of the huge monitor that was linked to one of my games when I heard the lift ping.
"IN HERE IMOGEN." I shouted.
Seconds later Imogen walked through my open door and said,
"Wow, this is much bigger than my room, I'm jealous."
"Daddy's money." I replied.
"Hey, this fun is okay isn't it, you don't mind hypnotising your sister again, do you? I know that it would be very embarrassing for her if she ever found out."
"Hey, relax, it's all good. She will never know, the stretching will be good for her and it's all ammunition for when I slowly start to bring her out of it and finally get her over that pratt of an ex."
"He sounds like a nasty piece of work."
"He was. Now are you ready?"
"I am."
"HEY ALICE, HAVE YOU GOT A MINUTE?" I shouted.
Second later a prim and proper dressed Alice walked in and said,
"What do you want Archie, Oh hi Imogen."
"Simple Simon Says Pineapple."
Alice just stared in front of herself.
"Alice, Simple Simon Says that you will pretend to be a rag doll, a Flexi-Doll, and you will let Imogen do whatever she likes with your body."
Alice just stood there.
"Do you mind if I video you two Imogen?"
"Only if you promise to send me a copy Archie."
"No problem."
"Do you want me to leave you two alone?"
"You can't if you're going to video us Archie."
"Good point."
I picked up my phone and said,
"She's all yours Imogen."
Imogen snapped her fingers in front of Alice's face and shouted at her. Getting no response she lifted Alice's right arm up and let go of it. It stayed where it was.
"Okay, I'm convinced, this is going to be fun."
Imogen started manipulating Alice's body, stood up then on the bed.
"Have you seen any of those Flexi-Doll porn videos Imogen?
"Yeah, such a turn-on, you don't mind me doing this to her do you Archie?"
"Hell no, go for it Imogen, it will do her muscles good."
And she did, slowly undressing Alice and teasing her tits and pussy on the way. After around thirty minutes Imogen started to get serious with Alice's pussy, finger fucking her and rubbing her clit. I was watching Alice's face and I saw one orgasm arrive then fade away. Then Imogen started eating Alice's pussy. How the hell Alice kept a straight face I shall never know. When I eat her pussy she is always quite vocal and animated.
What I haven't talked about so far is what Imogen was and wasn't wearing. She was wearing a short miniskirt and it soon became apparent that she wore no knickers. I got quite a few good looks at her wet pussy as she bent over doing things to Alice and I made sure that those views were caught by my camera.
As Imogen was eating Alice's pussy I was sure that Imogen orgasmed. The tell-tale signs of shudders, shakes and contracting pussy were visible to me, all things that I had seen Alice do when she orgasms.
Finally Imogen stood up leaving Alice flat on her back with her legs spread wide on my bed.
"That was fun Archie, you should try it sometime."
"She's my sister Imogen."
"So what Archie, she's got one hell of a hot body so why shouldn't you enjoy it, it's not like you're going to get her pregnant and she certainly wasn't a virgin when I started on her. Hey, can we do this again sometime?"
"I don't see why not, it's all memories in her subconscious."
"Can I bring some dildos and vibrators, her subconscious will like those and you'll enjoy watching. I might even let you watch me using them on me."
"That sounds good Imogen I'll look forward to that, you look like you've got a hot body under those clothes."
"Thanks Archie, do you want me to clean her up a bit before I go?"
"That's good idea, I'll get some tissues."
I did, and Imogen did, then she left. As soon as I heard the lift doors close I dropped my jeans and pounced on Alice.
"I take it that Imogen has gone bro?"
"Yes, did you hear that she wants to use dildos and vibrators on you?"
"I did and it worries me a bit, I don't know if I'd be able to keep quiet and still."
"In that case we'd better get some and practice."
"Hmm, that sounds like fun, we've got that Pinnacle thing and we passed an adult shop when we were walking around town, when can we go there?"
"Tomorrow afternoon, I doubt that places like that will be open on a morning."
When we went out the following afternoon we bumped into Jacob. I sensed what he wanted to ask me something so I told Alice to that I'd meet her outside. I was right, he wanted another go at manipulating and fucking Alice.
As it was going to be our first week of lessons I told him to come to my apartment on the Friday evening at 7 p.m. When I caught up with Alice and told her she said that she couldn't wait.
*****
The next day was our first day of lessons and Alice wore a knee length dress, in fact she wore knee knee length skirts and dresses, and tops that hid all of her tits all week. If she hadn't been naked all the time that we were in her apartment I would have had withdrawal symptoms. We bumped into a few of our fellow residents as the week went on, one of them being Caleb in the uni's cafe and he said that he was happy that we'd met. He, like Jacob, was making small talk and I sensed what he was after so I asked Alice if she'd go and get me another cup of coffee.
"You want to play with Alice's naked body again don't you Caleb?"
"Err, yes, is that asking too much Archie?"
"Not for you Caleb, but you'll owe me one."
"Thanks mate, I won't forget it."
As I told him to come to my apartment on the Saturday at 7 p.m. something registered in my brain, he'd used the word 'forget'. Alice and I had been talking about the whole hypnotism thing and her dressing very prim and proper and we had decided that we'd got ourselves into a bit of a hole and Alice wanted out and to be her natural self.
"Slutty you mean?" I asked.
"Yes, I don't like wearing these knee length skirts and dresses, I much prefer to wear microskirts and accidentally and deliberately flash my pussy."
We previously discussed how we could end the hypnotism game but not really came to any conclusion, but when Caleb said that he wouldn't forget that he owes me one that gave me an idea, a simple one that both Alice and I should have thought of before. Alice could become the person she wanted to be and if anyone asked me about her change then I would tell them that I'd put her into her hypnotic trance and told her to forget everything about the make believe ex boyfriend who had done nasty things to her, erase everything about him from her mind and to go back to being the happy girl who loved wearing slutty clothes that our mother hadn't been too impressed with.
If anyone said anything to her about her change of wardrobe she would just tell them that she wasn't back home now so she could experiment wearing all sorts of outfits to find what she was comfortable with.
Alice was kicking herself as well and we agreed that she would not change until after Jacob's and Caleb's visits that weekend as she was really looking forward to them doing all sorts with her body.
Both those visits went great from everyone's point of view, very much like Imogen's except that it was a man's hands moving her about, seeing every minute detail of her pussy, and a man's cock that was fucking her, albeit with a condom on it. Both Caleb and Jacob had had their turn at manipulating her body at the last party and this time they were more confident and Alice's legs spent most of the hour or so spread as wide as they could go.
After each of them Alice was almost desperate for me to fuck her without a condom and for her to let me know that she was really enjoying our sex.
The Sunday night's fuck was even more enjoyable for Alice because it was going to be the end of prim and proper Alice and the start of slutty Alice and I wasn't complaining as it meant that I got to see her pussy and tits in some very public places. I also meant that we could start acting out the first of many, staged exhibitionistic incidents took place.
I've written about as many adventures that I can remember and they are not listed in any particular order, just as I remembered them.
Oh, just to clarify things, Imogen, Logan and Mason did mention to me that Alice had changed, that her dress was a little less conservative. I told them that I had managed to use hypnotism to erase the bad memories and that she was now back to her old self.
Imogen asked if it meant that she wouldn't be able to have fun with Alice's body again I assured her that I could still 'switch on' her hypnotic state whenever I wanted and that all she (Imogen) had to do was to let me know when she wanted to enjoy a couple of hour's fun again.
*****
*****
One evening we went to a bar that had high stools at the bar and Alice went in first and sat on one of the stools. She had to climb up onto the stool and her short skirt wasn't long enough for her to sit on any of it, in fact if she leant over the bar even a little bit her skirt rode up at the back leaving a strip of bare butt visible to anyone behind her and she knew it so she leant forward over the bar quite often.
A couple of times Alice swivelled the stool so that she was facing me and I could clearly see her slit and clit sticking out of it.
It wasn't only me that she faced, I watched as she sat facing other men with her drink in her hand and slowly sipping from it while the guys looked at her slit and clit.
She wasn't there to pick-up a cock, she was there to tease and she certainly did that. A couple of times that a guy tried to hit on her she swivelled the stool to the side where the guy was standing and I could see that her knees were open wide enough for the guy to get between them. All that guy had to do to get a great look at her slit was to look down and I noticed that the eyes of both guys spent more time looking down than at her face.
Whilst all that was going on I was also looking around the pub to see how many people were watching her and I was pleased, for her, that there were a good half dozen.
After about an hour I went and pretended to hit on her and after a few minutes talking she slid off the stool and left with me, her hoping that some of the guys there were jealous of me.
*****
Another thing that we did a few times was if we were walking somewhere that wasn't busy and one or more guys were walking towards us, Alice would stop and lift either her skirt or dress up to show them her pussy (no knickers), or pull her top down below her tits and then ask the guy(s) what they thought of her. Only once did she get derogatory comments, the rest of the time they were all complimentary.
After the good comments Alice sometimes asked the guys if they wanted to take some photographs of her and she would pose for them with her goodies still on display.
*****
We did visit the adult shopping to buy some dildos and vibrators and while we were there we saw some naughty outfits, you know the type, French Maid, naughty Nurse, Policewoman, that sort of thing, well Alice thought that it would be a good idea to get one saying that there was bound to be a party coming up, maybe even Halloween, where she'd want to go in fancy dress. So she wanted to try on some of the outfits that they had in the shop. Alice took a couple off the rack and went to the man behind the counter and asked where she could try them on.
"Sorry love, we don't have any changing rooms but you can bring them back if they don't fit."
"I don't really want to do that," Alice replied, "can I try them on out here?"
"I guess so." The man replied.
I looked round the shop and saw two other customers, both middle-aged men, one looking at video and one at magazines, but not for long. Alice put the outfits on the sales counter then unfastened her dress. By the time it was unfastened and off she had four men looking at her naked body, and all four of us stared as she tried on not only the two outfits that she'd selected but she also walked back to the clothing section, still naked, and tried on another outfit as well.
In the end she decided to buy a babydoll nightie that was totally see-through saying,
"I'll wear this to the party without the knickers."
All four of us men had just been staring at her all the time and it wasn't until she was putting her dress back on that the sales guy said,
"Yes, it will be okay to try them on right there."
"I smiled to myself knowing that Alice had made those three guys day.
We left that shop with that nightie, two dildos and two remote controlled vibrators, both of which I could control from my phone in the same way as the Pinnacle vibrator that she already has, me deciding that when the situation was right I was going to make Alice cum over and over in front of people who she knew but didn't really want to cum in front of them. The type of people that I was thinking of were professors or tutors.
"See what the physc 'experts' think of that." I thought.
*****
Not far from our apartments there is a huge park and that was a place where Alice had quite a few 'adventures', one was after we had found a quiet part of the park that had a bench for people to sit, relax and look out over part of the city. After a couple of scouting trips we decided that the footfall was little enough for a bit of fun on that bench.
By fun what I mean was that Alice wore just a dress and I took with us four lengths of some soft, cotton rope that we had bought. At the bench we waited until no one else was around then Alice took the dress off and sat on the middle of the bench. I then quickly tied her wrists to the ends of the back of the bench and her ankles to the ends of the seat part. I then retreat to behind a bush where I could watch unobserved.
With her spread eagle and getting wetter by the second we then waited for someone to walk or cycle along the path directly in front of her.
Altogether during the four times that we have done that I remember eleven people or groups of people coming along and seeing her.
We were amazed that twice people just walked passed her without even looking at her, it was as if they were blind. Two middle-aged couple both stopped and asked her if she was okay and what she was doing there. Both times Alice told them our pre-planned story of her loosing a bet and that someone would be back to release her in five minutes.
One of the couples wasn't really happy to leave her there and it took Alice a couple of minutes to convince them that she'd be okay. Unsurprisingly, both the men didn't do any talking, just lots of looking.
It was the younger people that Alice really enjoyed appearing in front of her even though there was the risk that some of them would get close enough to grope her, which some did. We'd agreed on a word 'Pineapple' that she would shout if she got in any distress but she never shouted it even when I saw a young man groping both her tits and pussy before she managed to convince him to take a hike.
*****
Another time in that park we saw two middle-aged men walking towards us in the distance and when Alice told me that she was going to have a bit of fun she told me to disappear, then as the men got closer she took some selfies with her phone camera. When the men were within earshot she said,
"Excuse me gentlemen, I need some photographs to send to my boyfriend who is in the army on deployment overseas and I was wondering if you would take a couple of photos of me please. I've tried taking selfies but they're just not good enough.
What self respecting middle-aged man who was out without his wife could refuse a request like that from an attractive young woman and when Alice handed her phone over she backed up to the edge of the rose garden the quickly pulled her dress up and off leaving her posing naked in front of the men.
After the initial shock and Alice saying that her boyfriend needed nude photos so that he could swap them with his mates she kept changing her poses and asking the men to take more photos. She only stopped when she was two couples walking towards them.
Then she thanked the two men kissed them on their cheeks, put her dress back on and walked off towards where she knew I was.
*****
The wildest thing that Alice did was on one sunny Sunday afternoon. In the large open park were quite a few people scattered around sat or laying down doing a variety of things and Alice decided that she was going to dance all around the huge open area naked. Talking off her dress and sandals off she went, dancing, skipping, doing cartwheels, forward rolls, throwing her arms in the air, all over the park. In and out, round and what looked like from where I was, jumping over people. She looked like a crazy woman.
I quickly got my phone out and recorded most of it but I missed the first part because I was a bit shocked.
After a good few minutes she headed back towards me so I headed towards a path that went into the wooded area. Alice went skipping and throwing her arms in the air passed me and round a corner. When I got there she pulled me into the bushes and got me to fuck her.
*****
Alice's escapades in the park weren't just restricted to the daytime, three times, so far, Alice has asked me to take her to the park at night and each time as soon as we've got there she'd stripped naked and given me her clothes to keep for her while we have walked along a lot of the paths hand in hand. We've seen quite a few people on our night time walks and the only people who have said anything are the groups of young men who can't resist a few comments. They've all been quite complimentary, that's if you ignore the crude way that they put things and there's only been one time when I had to tell Alice to walk quicker to get away from a drunk young man who wanted to put his hands on her tits.
If Alice can see some young men walking towards us in the distance she either speeds up or slows down her walking so that she times it that our paths are crossing under a street light.
*****
Another, less dramatic adventure was to the university's library where Alice sat reading a book at a table next to a busy walkway. Nothing special with that but the table had no modesty boards and she sat with her knees wide open. I was sat at a different table where I could watch the people walking by to see how many of them looked at Alice and saw what she was displaying. I was, Alice also, disappointed that only three guys looked. Two did a double take and slowed down whilst the third stopped and stared for about twenty seconds before moving on.
*****
Art Life Model. Alice phoned the Art teachers at both universities and offered her services. I was next to her when she did this and it sounded very much like she was begging to model for the students. I didn't go to any of the four sessions that she went to but after each one she repeated the poses for me and she was more energetic and adventurous when we went to bed those nights.
What she did tell me after going to a few sessions was that it wasn't that exciting, that the novelty had worn off quite quickly.
*****
Quite a few times that we go to crowded places Alice takes her burner phone on which she has loaded lots of photos of her naked body (all with her head cropped off) and she has also set that phone so that it has a name of 'Nude Pics Girl' and was electronically visible to all phones nearby. At each event she keeps looking at her phone to see what other phones are nearby then she shares the images to those phones.
We've noticed a few people looking at their phones then looking around, presumably to see which girls there has a body the same shape as in the photos of Alice's but there are always a few girls there that are the same shape as Alice.
She also carries her own, proper mobile with her just in case she needs to show it to prove that Nude Pics Girl wasn't her but so far she has never been accused of being that girl.
*****
One day when we were out shopping Alice decided to buy some T-shirts, long T-shirts that she could wear as a short dress. Nothing special in that except that when we got back to the apartment she got some scissors and cut the arms off, right back to nearly the neck band and right down to her waist. The end result is that when she is wearing one she shows her side boobs to nearly her areolae. It doesn't take much for her nipples to escape.
After she'd cut the first one she decided that she wanted to go for a walk in the park wearing just one of those T-shirts and shoes. When she is just walking she just looks like any girl wearing a sleeveless T-shirt dress, albeit a quite short one, but when she bends forwards even a little bit or moves her arms away from her sides one hell of a lot of her tits are on display, and when she sits she is displaying her legs right up to her stomach.
Each time that we go out with her wearing just one of those T-shirts she sits on benches sideways with her legs and knees up on the bench thus having her pussy on display. You'd be surprised how many people don't notice and how many who do notice stop to have good look at her pussy, all while she is either looking elsewhere or doing something on her phone.
We've even gone on buses with her wearing only one of those T-shirts and we are sure that her slit and probably her clit were visible to people walking down the aisle.
We've also gone clothes and shoe shopping when she's been dressed like that and she finds it even easier to 'accidentally' flash someone when she's trying something on.
*****
One day Alice decided that she wanted some professional photographs of herself and she looked up nearby professional photographers. She phoned a couple of them explaining that she wanted some good photos of herself to send to her boyfriend who was in the army overseas. Then she added that she wanted some of the photos to be very explicit photographs of her. When she got a positive response she stopped looking for other photographers and booked an appointment.
It was a bit like the photos that she's got unsuspecting tourists to take of her but of a much better quality.
Alice went to the photographer's studio on her own, taking a couple of dresses and underwear. Not that she has much underwear but what she has is minimal and see -through.
Afterwards she told me that the studio and the man, who looked to be in his thirties, was very professional, even having a screen that she could change clothes behind. Apparently the man wanted to see Alice in each of the dresses that she'd taken so that he could decide which one would be best from a photogenic point of view. He pointed to the screen but Alice just went to a chair that was near the screen and took off the dress that she was wearing the turned to the man and asked him where she could check her hair. There was a mirror on a little table on the other side of the room so Alice had walked across the room wearing just a sheer G-string and a sheer bra, brushed her hair then returned to put a dress on.
All the time that she had been doing that the man had been talking to her telling her what shots he would be talking.
The first two dresses that Alice tried on were deliberately old, very modest dresses but when she went to put on the third and last dress she took the bra off and stood facing the man as she put the dress on. It's a little black, backless dress that flares out from her waist. She tells me that she feels like she is bottomless when she wears it. That dress is also my favourite, I think that she looks fabulous in it.
And I guess that the photographer agreed with me because he told her that she'd found the right dress and he proceeded to take dozens of photos of her in all sorts of poses. Being Alice the dress is very short on her and she was looking forward to seeing how much of her legs was showing when the man got down onto the floor to take some shots, not upskirt ones, ones that were just looking up at her although Alice did stand with her feet well apart.
When the man told Alice that he was happy with those shots she asked him if it was underwear shots next and he calmly said that it was and he asked her if she was comfortable doing that.
By the time Alice got to where her clothes were the dress was off leaving her in just the G-string. She put the bra on as she walked back to the green posing area where another load of shots were taken in all sorts of poses, all of them being 'decent' apart from the fact that both items of clothing were see-through and the camera and the man could see every detail of her nipples, areolae, slit, clit and butt.
"Do you want to stop there Alice?" The man asked, "or do you want some totally nude and maybe some sexually explicit shots as well."
"Let's keep going." Alice had apparently replied so they did, Alice taking off the bra and G-string when requested to.
It was after those shots that the man told Alice that it was then up to her to pose however she wanted to and that he would just go on taking shots until she stopped.
Alice told me that by then she was very aroused that she's closed her eyes and caressed her body like I do, and that she included what I do to her nipples and her pussy. Well you can guess what I do for foreplay and soon she was masturbating as the photographer took more and more photographs.
And yes, she did make herself cum for the camera, and the man, and we have the photographs to prove it.
Once her orgasm faded into a distant memory Alice then asked the man if she could look through all the photos. He took the memory card out of his camera and inserted it into a laptop and started a slide show. What Alice hadn't expected was for the laptop to be linked to a projector and the images displayed on the white wall at the back of the studio. Both sat and looked through all the photographs, the photographer stopping at each one that he thought were great photos.
What I haven't mentioned here is that Alice told me that she hadn't got dressed at that point and that she was sat there totally naked discussing the photographs.
Alice told me that she was particularly proud of of the ones of her with her fingers on and in her pussy and as she looked at them the photographer was discussing the expressions on her face.
When the last photograph went off the screen a video started playing, a video of Alice masturbating.
"You made a video of me playing with myself?" Alice asked the man, "that wasn't part of the agreement."
"No, you're right Alice, and I'm sorry, it's just that it was such a magnificent sight that natural instinct took over and I recorded it for posterity. I will of course delete it right now."
"No, don't do that, put it on the memory stick with all the photos."
"Are you sure Alice?"
"I'm sure."
"Thank you. Now there's just the subject of the background that you want on each of the photos. I'll show you an assortment of the ones that I have."
Alice told me that he did and that in the end she decided to let him choose apart from the ones where she was naked. For those she chose a beautiful beach on some Caribbean island, telling him that she was going to go to beaches like that as soon as she could.
When she was telling me that I had images rush into my mind of my naked sister displaying her gorgeous body to hundreds of people on beaches like I'd seen in photographs of the Caribbean.
When their business was completed Alice decided that she should put some clothes on which she did with the man watching her then she left telling him that she looked forward to receiving the memory stick from him and being able to send some of them to her boyfriend overseas.
Needless to say that whilst Alice was telling me all of the above we were making love on her bed.
*****
As mentioned before, both Alice and I are on the same psychology course and we were both looking forward to the human sexuality part of the course. We'd been told that we'd have modules on it in each year of our course, getting deeper and deeper into the subject in each subsequent year.
Well we had to wait until the early new year for the first module and we were told that we'd be doing things that were designed to really look into our own beliefs and attitudes towards human sexuality and that we would take part in scenarios where we would have to question our beliefs and attitudes, and those of other people.
When one girl on the course asked what exactly they would have to do the tutor replied,
"Well Charlotte, I know that at least one girl in this room isn't wearing underwear (he was looking at Alice and I looked down at her lap and saw that her knees were a few centimetres apart), and there are social stigmas around that subject but what if I told you that for next week's class I expect all of you, girls and boys, to arrive here without underwear on, or even naked so that we could analyse each other's feeling about being naked in the classroom."
That statement, unsurprisingly, got a few murmurings from a few of the now very wide awake students.
"You're going to tell us to arrive at class naked, totally naked sir?"
"I might, would that be a problem for you Charlotte?"
"I, I, I don't know, probably."
"Well Charlotte, take a situation five years from now where you have qualified and you are having a consultation with a patient who is clearly a closet exhibitionist but can't come to terms with that. How could you expect to help them if you have never even tried it yourself?"
"You have a good point there sir."
"Yes Charlotte."
"Sir," a student called Rob asked, "is it true that in a lot of American states it is compulsory for all students to spend at least one educational week totally naked, both in and out of their education facility? And that it is permitted for other students to explore the naked person's body?"
"That's a good point Rob. There is a Naked in Education Facilities (NIS) program in America, do you have any idea what that program is all about?"
Multiple people suggested reasons, the main ones being: -
Promote self awareness.
Prevent body shaming.
To stop boys objectifying girls.
Hopefully result in less rapes, sexual attacks and pregnancies.
"That just about covers the main objectives, and do you agree with the American authorities that those objectives are a good idea?"
Everyone agreed, some elaborating on the benefits of one of the items.
"And is it also true that the naked students have to submit to 'Reasonable Requests'? Rob asked.
"Yes Rob, but it is down to each education authority to define what is reasonable and what isn't.
"Do you think that the education authority in this country will see the light and implement a similar program in this country?" One girl asked.
The response from just about everyone was laughter then the tutor said,
"Unfortunately the authorities both in this country and this university are a real part of the problems with society's attitude to human nudity. And for that reason I cannot ask you to come to next week's class totally naked so we will have to confine our research to one person getting naked in this room. So next week I will be asking for a volunteer to strip naked in the middle of this room so that we can explore the feelings of both that person and everyone else in the room whilst we look at the said volunteer. Also, I encourage you all to take part in naked in public scenarios when there were no children around and for you to make a note of the reactions of the people around you."
One guy replied,
"Why only when there are no children around because I would have thought that children would just take it in their stride as being part of life."
"You are right Andrew but the problem, well one of the problems, with society is that so called well meaning adults want to protect the younger generation from the real world which is probably the reason why there are so many sex related attacks in the country."
Just then the tutor's watch started beeping and he said,
"Okay, time's up, see you all next week and think about volunteering."
Everyone started leaving and Alice went to the tutor and told him that she would volunteer to get naked the next week.
"Thank you Alice, I thought that you would. You are obviously comfortable with your body so thank you, it is much appreciated."
As we walked to out next class Alice said,
"I can't wait for next week, all those guys staring at my body."
"Most of those guys will have already seen your pussy Alice," I replied.
"True, but being naked in front of them is soo much better, I'll probably cum just looking at their faces."
"Knowing you dear sister, you probably will."
A couple of times during the next week Alice mentioned that she was looking forward to getting naked in our class and each time we ended up fucking minutes afterwards.
The big unveiling day arrived and I'd noticed, but didn't comment on, that when she got dressed that morning she's put an a bra and G-string, albeit both totally see-through and it was an excited Alice that walked into the classroom with me and we took our usual seats.
When everyone was there the tutor started talking.
"Good morning everyone, if you remember last week you will know that today I am going to ask for a volunteer to strip naked so that we can discuss and explore the feelings of both the naked person and the observers to try to establish why society is so against nudity.
I am sure that the vast majority of you are sat there with heightened heart rates and also fear at the thought that I might ask you to volunteer. Some of you will also be sexually aroused at the thought of seeing a naked person in front of you or that in a few minutes you might just be that naked person in the middle of the room."
The tutor paused there for a few seconds probably to let the fear and sexual arousal increase, then he continued,
"Well, I'm sure that some of you will be pleased and some of you will be disappointed when I say that one person has already volunteered and I have accepted Alice's offer to be the lucky person, so Alice, would you come to the front of the room please?"
Alice stood and walked to the front while I looked around the room at the faces that were showing a mixture of feelings. I noted that two of the girls did look disappointed.
"Before I ask Alice to disrobe would any of you care to describe your feelings from when I started talking?"
Jeremy was the first to speak,
"I'll admit that I was excited at the thought of being in Alice's position but at the same time I dreaded the embarrassment that I knew that I would have."
"By the embarrassment do you mean by being naked or by having an erection whilst being naked Jeremy?"
"Both I guess, being naked would have been embarrassing enough but to have an erection as well would have been doubly embarrassing."
"Thank you Jeremy, now would any of you girls like to share your feeling from when I first started talking.
It was Mary that spoke,
"My feelings were similar to those of Jeremy, obviously not the erection part but I was aroused at the thought of being stood where Alice is stood right now. I would have been mortified if you had asked me to 'volunteer' but at the same time I would have been aroused."
"Thank you Mary. Now, how many of you felt relieved when I said that Alice was going to be our subject?"
Just about everyone's hand, including mine, went up. I noticed that a couple of girls didn't put a hand up.
"How many of you felt some disappointment when I said that Alice was going to be our subject?"
I noted that all the hands that had been up went down and that the two girls who's hands didn't go up now went up.
"Good," the tutor continued, "you will be pleased to hear that I have had similar responses from this session in other years. Yes, society has conditioned us to believe that being naked in front of people is wrong, but as with everything there are people who do not agree with society and can see nothing wrong with nudity, after all, we were all born naked and all naked bodies are basically the same. Now, let's turn to our volunteer, Alice, would you like to share why you volunteered?"
"I can tell you but I'm not sure that I understand it."
"Okay Alice, lets start with telling us."
"Well, a few months back I had the urge to show my naked body to my brother. Of course, being of the same age as me there had been hundreds of times that we'd seen each other naked and never thought anything of it but that time I felt different. I guess that I was looking for some sort of approval that my body wasn't ugly that I was normal."
"And did you get that approval Alice?"
"Yes I did, but I also got something that I wasn't really expecting, arousal, sexual arousal."
"So was sexual arousal new to you at that point in your life Alice?"
"No, I guess that like all girls I had discovered what we have between our legs but that time being naked in front of my brother was different, I realised that not only did I like my brother seeing me naked but I wanted other men to see me naked."
"Isn't that one of the main trait of an exhibitionist?" One of the guys asked.
"Yes Tony it is." The tutor answered. "So Alice, you sound to be saying that you wanted your classmates to see you naked, is that right?"
"Yes I guess that it is."
"What about sexual arousal Alice? Did you get sexually aroused last week when you volunteered?"
"I did."
"And when you walked into the classroom this morning knowing that I was going to tell you to take all your clothes off? On a scale of one to ten how was your arousal?"
"Six."
"And when I asked you to come to the front of the class?"
"Eight."
"Okay Alice, from a purely educational point of view, let's see if that number increases when I ask you to take your dress off."
"Now?"
"Yes Alice, please take your dress off."
Alice did and I thought how magnificent she looked, even if she did have a bra and a G-string on. I noticed that she tuned her back to everyone, showing her bare butt, as she folded her dress and put it on the nearest chair.
"Thank you Alice, I see that you are wearing underwear today even though you normally don't. Was that you trying to tease your classmates?"
I immediately realised that Alice had been giving unintentional (probably) flashes of her tits and pussy to the tutor every time that we'd been in that room.
"I think that that must have been my subconscious." Alice replied.
"So we've established that so called 'flashing' can be deliberate and accidental and that sometimes the person doing it might not be consciously doing it. Now the underwear please Alice."
Alice stood facing everyone and first unfastened her bra and took it off then she pulled on the strings on both sides of the G-string and holding just one let the rest of the garment fall and hang from the side that she was holding. Then she placed both garments on top of her dress.
"Thank you Alice. Now everyone please can you tell me what you observed just now?"
"Alice didn't hesitate." One guy said,
"Yes, Alice is obviously not shy and didn't need to find the courage to do it, unlike most people who find themselves in that situation. Anything else?"
"Alice was wearing see-through underwear so we could see everything before she took them off." One of the girls said.
"Correct, there are two things there, firstly, a lot of girls, and some men, put on their favourite, and dare I say, 'sexy' underwear 'just in case' someone should see them. In Alice's case she she actually wore underwear which is not normal for her, is that correct Alice? (Alice nodded) knowing that she would be taking her clothes off and subconsciously wanting to look 'sexy' when she did so. Secondly, Alice chose to wear see-through underwear. That too was probably a subconscious decision to let people see the parts of her that are normally hidden and to make her more attractive to the opposite sex.
Both these things are part of human nature to attract the opposite sex but are suppressed by society's obsession with keeping one's body covered.
"Did anyone observe anything else?"
"Yes," Tony said, "All the girls that I have seen take their knickers off turned their backs to me when they did it and then turned to face me covering their tits, sorry breasts, and pubic area with their hands, yet Alice didn't."
"Yes Tony, studies have concluded that there are two reasons for this, firstly, and the most popular theory is that women put a greater emphasis on hiding their pubic region than their buttocks, but the other theory is that a lot of women like to show off their buttocks. If you were to ask all the girls in here I'm sure that you would get a fair mix of both answers. Alice, why did you not turn around?"
"Because I prefer people to see my pubic region rather than my butt, men have butts too so seeing my butt is no different to them looking in a mirror."
"Alice, I'm one hundred percent sure that every man, and some of the women in here will find your buttocks a lot more pleasant to their eyes than their own."
"I certainly do." Tony said.
"Yeah, that's because you are a fat bastard Tony." I thought.
"Okay, let's get back to the purpose of this module, without being crude, who would like to tell us all what they see when they look at Alice?"
It was one of the girls, Andrea that spoke first,
"An average young woman's body."
"Expand please Andrea."
"Well average height, shoulder length hair, slim, smallish breasts, no pubic hair."
"Okay, lets look at her breasts, yes they are smallish, an 'A' cup I'm guessing but what about the shape of them?"
A few people contributed with answers,
"Small."
"Firm."
"No sag."
"Slightly conical in shape."
"Hard nipples."
"Small areolae."
"Okay, I think that that's enough, yes, you are all right. There is no such thing as the 'average' breast, all are different, sometimes both breasts on the same woman are different. People, both men and women can easily become obsessed with the size of breasts, some believe that it's 'the bigger the better', others prefer smaller, more manageable breasts..
Remember that the primary function of breasts is, to provide food for their offspring, small breasts will do this just as good as large breasts, when a woman gets near to giving birth her breasts will grow to the required size to feed the baby then shrink back to their previous size when the woman is no longer feeding her offspring.
Also note that small breasts, including ones that have been used to breastfeed will start to sag if the muscles in the breast are not exercised, it's like the old saying goes, 'use it or loose it'.
As you observed earlier Alice was wearing a bra, something that I am sure that some of you will have observed that she rarely does. You will have also noted that the type of bra that she wore provided her with no support, it was there for cosmetic purposes only, part of Alice's attempt to make her more attractive to men when she is undressing.
Bras serve two purposes, firstly to provide support for women with large breasts, and secondly for social reasons. All you girl will have been told by your mother's that you should always wear a bra. Apart from the reason just mentioned the reason is that society doesn't like nipples making bulges in outer clothing, although this idea is slowly changing.
Like the penis, the owner has very little control over the state of the said organs, but unlike the penis which shrivels when cold, low temperatures make the nipples go hard. As you can see Alice's nipples are erect so she is either cold, and if that is the case I apologise Alice, or she is aroused."
The tutor paused for a couple of seconds so Alice said,
"I'm not cold."
"Okay Alice, I'm pleased to hear that. Now moving down, you see that Alice has a slim waist. Over the years, on average, waists have got bigger but that isn't a real problem, What is a problem is when people put on so much weight or go so slim that their weight is a medical problem. I am sure that over the years you will all need to deal with people who eat too much or too little. That will be covered in a later module."
Alice interrupted saying,
"Could hypnosis be used to solve either of those issues?"
A big grin appeared on my face and I looked over to Alice and saw that she was looking at me.
"Yes Alice, that is one possible solution but not all people are susceptible to hypnosis. Have you been hypnotised Alice?"
"No, I doubt that it would work with me."
I was still smiling when the tutor said,
"Moving down, the pubis. As you can see Alice shaves hers, as do the majority of girls, and some men do these days. There are hygiene issues with both shaving and letting it grow, more so with people with lots of pubic hair, it is an individuals personal choice. Alice, would you care to share the reason why you shave yours?"
"I don't shave mine, I used laser treatment to remove it permanently but there were four reasons for doing it, personal hygiene, I didn't like the sweaty feeling, oral sex, I'd hate for a boyfriend to get a hair stuck in his teeth, I don't like the idea of my clitoris or vulva being hidden and finally because I think that I look better bald."
"All valid reasons Alice and all ones that go towards the definition of an exhibitionist which you admit to being. "
"I do."
"As you can all see, unlike men, there is not much for anyone to see round Alice's pubis and what there is to see doesn't increase in size dramatically when the person gets aroused, unlike males. This is the main reason why it is more socially acceptable for a woman to be seen naked than a man. An engorged clitoris is deemed to be less threatening than an engorged penis, an assumption that I disagree with because, as I mentioned before, men cannot control when they get an erection and if they have one it does not mean that they are a threat to anyone. You need to look between a girl's legs to see her genitalia, Alice, would you sit on that desk, lay back and spread your legs please?"
Alice did, propping herself up on her elbows so that she could see everyone, and she spread her legs very wide apart. I thought that there was a good chance that Alice wouldn't be able to stop herself from having an orgasm and I wondered if she'd try to conceal it like I knew she could.
"Right, now that you can see Alice's genitalia you can see her arousal. Having seen Alice's vulva a few times before I can testify to the fact that she is aroused, her labia is larger than when she isn't aroused and, although you probably can't tell, I can testify to the fact that her clitoris is larger than when she isn't aroused."
"Yes," Harry said, "I guess that standing at the front of the class every lesson does give you the opportunity to see her pussy, sorry, vulva every lesson."
"Moving on, one of the other things that you have probably noticed about Alice's vulva is that she has no inner labia and before she opened her legs you could see nothing other than her outer labia and her clitoris sticking out between the two halves. Only a relatively small number of women are like this, but I remind you that all people are different. If all the young men in here were to allow us all to compare their erect penis' we would soon realise that everyone of them is different from the others.
Back to Alice's vulva, as you can see there is copious amounts of vaginal lubrication leaking out of her vagina which isn't fully closed due to her arousal. The female sex organs as so much more complex than the male ones."
Just then it all became too much for Alice and we all heard her moan as the orgasm that had been building since she awoke that morning, exploded out of her. Her body tensed up for a couple of seconds then relaxed and started shaking.
There was deadly silence from all but Alice as they all watched Alice go through the throws of her orgasm then slowly return to normal.
"Well, we all know what happened there, did any of you notice that Alice's vagina had opened even more and that her vaginal muscles were contracting and relaxing as she was having her orgasm?"
"Yes." Eight people replied.
"And would anyone like to explain that to the rest of us?"
"Yes," Harry said, "when the female brain is expecting sexual intercourse to occur it sends signals to the vagina telling it to excrete the liquid that we saw to facilitate intercourse more easily. The muscle contractions are also a result of messages from the brain and they are designed to try to hold on to the penis and pull it further into the vagina so that when ejaculation occurs the sperm has a better chance of fertilising the woman's eggs."
"That's a very good explanation Harry, especially from a man, and is near enough for the purpose of this course. Yes ladies and gentlemen, although Alice's brain couldn't possibly have been expecting sexual intercourse to take place her arousal was so great that she orgasmed just like she would if intercourse was happening.
You may be wondering how it is possible for Alice to have orgasmed without any physical contact, well arousal and orgasms are triggered by a state of mind. Indeed it is also possible for a woman to orgasm without any arousal, there is a little know condition that some women suffer from, although I'm not sure that 'suffer' is the right word, whereby a woman can have spontaneous orgasms at literally anytime both with and without any stimulation. This condition is known as 'Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder' or PGAD for short. I once knew a girl who had this condition and she told me that it was both a curse and blessing. At that time the only know cure was rather drastic, removal of the clitoris, which she refused to consent to."
When the tutor said that there were audible groans from around the room.
"Back to Alice," who was still laying there propped up on her elbows with her legs wide apart, "you may, or may not be pleased to hear that we have finished the practical side of this lesson but back at the beginning of the lesson when I told you that Alice had volunteered I noticed that some of you girls looked disappointed. Apart from the obvious wanting to see a member of the opposite sex naked, I suspect that some of you actually wanted to be at the front in the position that Alice is right now, but were too shy to quickly volunteer. Studies in the past have concluded that women are less likely to be embarrassed or nervous about being naked in front of men, and that they adapt to being naked in front of men quicker than the other way round. The studies concluded that this was because men's arousal is more obvious than that of women, or to put it in simple terms men are embarrassed about getting an erection whereas a woman's moist vulva isn't that obvious if she keeps her legs closed.
So you may be wondering why it is that society dictates women should be clothed all the time, especially when a lot of men have breasts as big as some women do and we all have nipples. Going down to the nether regions, women have a lot less to see when they are standing, in fact if the woman hasn't removed her pubic hair that is usually all there is to see, pubic hair, and we all have, or had that. That question is a conundrum that I do not know how to answer but as a psychologist, from time to time, you will be expected to use therapy to treat patients to come to terms with, and live with, not only what society dictates but what people have both inflicted on others and been victims of unwanted assaults. I just hope that what you have learned today will help you understand the needs of the human body better.
Okay everyone, I think that we have all learnt a lot this morning and that your own arousal lever decreases ready for your next class, but before you leave would anyone like to tell us all what you think of the idea of a program similar to that of the American NIS program being implemented here in the UK?"
"A brilliant idea." Mary answered.
"Who agrees?" The tutor asked and all hands went up.
"I too agree, but I can't see it happening and I'm sure that I don't need to go through the reasons. But looking on the bright side, it will keep some of you in work when you get your degrees and go into practice as some sort of psychologist. Okay, next week we will try to work out why people murder other people. Enjoy the rest of your day, and Alice, thank you for helping us out today, I'm sure that all the students, and myself, thank you for making the lesson so much easier and entertaining, you may get dressed now, unless you intend to go to your next class like that."
Alice got off the table and put just her dress on as everyone watched her. She picked up her bra and G-string, carried them to her desk and put them into her bag then sat down.
"Okay class, that's it, you may leave now."
As Alice and I walked out I could tell that Alice was still as horny as hell and we were both extremely happy that we didn't have another class until the afternoon. We almost ran back to the apartment.
*****
Having said that the last interesting event didn't take place until the early Spring reminded me that I haven't told you about either Imogen's desire to use Alice's body, or the apartment's Christmas party. I'll start with Imogen.
Imogen expressed a desire to be able to manipulate Alice's naked body and abuse her pussy like she had done before. The problem was that Alice had been pretending to be in a hypnotic state when that had happened but shortly after that I had let it be known that Alice's fictitious, unpleasant past had been erased from her memory and that she was now happily back to her old, slutty dressed self.
Alice and I had to decide if she was going to be in a fake hypnotic state or be her true self when we invited Imogen up to abuse her body. We discussed the pros and cons and Alice decided that she wanted to be her true self.
The next time that I saw Imogen I took her to one side and explained that as Alice was back to her old self I had discussed with her the Flexi-Doll scenario and together we had watched a couple of the videos. At the end of the second one Alice had stated that she wouldn't mind being one of those girls. I told Alice that I had offered to role play but the videos that we had watched had girls doing the manipulation and abuse so she wanted to try it with a girl. We had discussed how we could make that work and I had suggested you Imogen as everyone had seen that you also sometimes don't wear underwear implying that you might be game for that type of fun. As I am usually the 'Mr. Fixit' for Alice I told her to leave it with me. Are you still interested Imogen?"
"Hell yes, your sister has a sweet pussy and I'd like to taste it again."
"Okay, come up to my apartment on Friday at 7 p.m."
We left it at that and I went and told Alice that it was on for the Friday.
A few things that had happened in the past had led me to believe that Alice liked girls as well as boys and Alice's excitement during the rest of the week led me to believe that I was right.
At 7 p.m. on the Friday Alice and I were sat in my apartment with drinks in our hands when we heard the lift ping. We'd left the door open and when Imogen walked in I offered her a drink. She put down the bag that she was carrying, took the drink and sat opposite Alice and myself. She didn't cross her legs nor clamp her knees together and I could see that she was knickerless. Alice spoke about the plan first,
"Imogen, I don't know how the subject came up but Archie tells me that you've watched a FlexiDoll video and that you wanted to make a similar video yourself."
"That's right Alice, and Archie tells me that you are the same and that is why I am here."
"Good," Alice replied, "I've never done anything like this before so I'm nervous and don't really know how to start or what to do."
"Okay ladies," I said, "let's start by finishing our drinks then Alice can play the part of the doll and Imogen the owner. When that comes to its natural conclusion we can reverse the roles and start again."
"Oh, I didn't know that we were going to reverse the rolls," Alice said.
"Neither did I." Imogen added. "I mean, I'd end up naked as well."
"Is that a problem for you Imogen?" I asked.
"I guess not, I just wasn't expecting it."
"I won't be upset if you are wearing granny knickers Imogen." I said.
"I'm not wearing any knickers Archie."
"Well that's one vision I won't have to try to erase from my memory." I said then qualified it, "the granny knickers that is."
We finished our drinks then I told Alice to go outside to the hall and shut the door.
"What do I do them?" Alice asked."
"Nothing, absolutely nothing." I said, "Imogen will do everything, you don't even move a muscle Alice."
And she didn't. Imogen opened the door, looked puzzled then lifted Alice into the room.
The rest went very similar to what it had with Imogen the last time and with Caleb, apart from the obvious differences. When Imogen started working on Alice's pussy I zoomed the camera in to capture all the details, even when she orgasmed although this time there were tell tale signs that both Imogen and I saw. But Imogen kept ramming one of her huge dildos in and out of Alice's hole.
Just when I thought that Alice was going to cum again Imogen stopped and pulled the dildo out. She then bent Alice's legs up and over and placed her legs under Alice's arms. We were both looking down at Alice's very wet, spread pussy and butt hole.
"Fuck her Archie." Imogen said, "Fuck your sister's brains out Archie."
"She's my sister Imogen."
"Archie, get out of those fucking clothes and FUCK HER, NOW."
Well, what's a guy supposed to do? So I did as commanded, Imogen abusing Alice's tits as I did so.
Neither of us lasted more than a minute before I started pumping my seeds into Alice as her body shook and jerked caused by her cumming at the same time.
"Fucking hell Imogen, that was hot." Alice finally said. Give me five then you are going outside that door then I'm going to do the same to you."
"All of it?"
"Yes Imogen, all of it."
Alice and I both saw the smile on Imogen's face as she slowly got dressed. As she was doing so Imogen said,
"Can you use my phone to record it all Archie, I'd like to watch myself being tossed around then fucked."
"Sure, no problem I said, but we have to exchange copies."
"Of course, I want to watch me doing the same to Alice, and watch you fucking her."
It was a naked Alice, watched my a naked me holding my phone whilst I recorded everything, that opened the door and said,
"Well, what do we have here?"
The next ten or so minutes saw Alice strip Imogen then put her limbs into all the positions that hers had been in a short while ago. I zoomed in on Imogen's bald and wet pussy as Alice forced her legs further apart than they were meant to go.
My cock had gone rock hard when Alice had revealed Imogen's naked body to me and it went even harder when Alice was fucking Imogen with her own, huge dildo. Imogen wasn't able to keep as quiet as Alice and she was soon begging Alice to go faster and deeper I wondered who was in the room below and if they could hear her.
Alice made Imogen cum twice, her fingers on Imogen's clit helping the orgasms to build to explosion time, and just before Imogen's third orgasm arrived Alice turned to me and said,
"Now Archie, fuck her brains out., and give me her phone so that I can record it."
I leant over Imogen's butt and held her wrists against the bed above her head as my cock entered her, Imogen letting out a long sigh then saying that she really needed that.
"Now pump her up Archie." Alice said.
I did, ramming my cock into Imogen's pussy just as hard as I had done with Alice.
Imogen came in no time and also let us know verbally that she needed it. But I hadn't stopped fucking her and I was glad that it wasn't that long since I'd unloaded into Alice. In and out I went, my left hand holding her wrists above her head and my right hand playing with her clit.
"That's it bro." Alice said as her hands went to Imogen's tits and started puling and twisting her nipples.
Imogen orgasmed again and still I kept fucking her and now pulling on her clit. Just as her third orgasm exploded out of her my balls emptied into her then I collapsed on top of her still holding her ankles behind her head. After a minute or so I felt Alice's hands rolling me off Imogen then I felt Imogen's legs descend to their normal position.
"Oh gawd," Imogen finally said, "that was fucking awesome, literally. We've got to do that again sometime."
Imogen and I just lay there for a good couple of minutes before I sat up and looked down at Imogen's naked body complete with slightly spread legs. Then I said,
"You know that you've got a great body there Imogen don't you?"
"So I've been told Archie. Hey guys, question for you, you two are fucking all the time aren't you?"
"What makes you say that Imogen?" Alice asked.
"Well this place for starters, it doesn't look very lived in, and what sane guy, brother or not, could keep his hands off a hot body like yours Alice? And you are so cool about being naked around him, it's like you are naked all the time that you are with him."
I looked at Alice and she looked at me. We nodded at exactly the same time so I said,
"Okay Imogen, our secret is out, we're fucking like rabbits and have been since we reached eighteen nearly two years ago. You won't tell anyone will you?"
"Hey, I doubt that anyone would care but no, I won't tell anyone, your secret is safe with me but it will cost you, both of you."
"Before you tell us what, can I ask you something Imogen?"
"Sure, go ahead."
"Can we spend more evenings like this one?"
"Ha, I was going to say that the price of my silence was more threesomes like this one, well not exactly like this one but the three of us naked on a the same bed at the same time."
"Deal." All thee of us said then Alice said,
"You know Imogen, you are only the second woman that Archie has fucked."
"Is that right Archie?"
"Yes."
"Well anytime that you want me to find some more for you just let me know, I'm sure that I can find lots of girls who want you to fuck them."
"Alice is enough for me and if you're going to be joining the party sometimes the pair of you might just have to find a wheelchair to push me around in."
"Aaw bro, don't worry, we'll be gentle with you."
"Good, I'm a fragile young man."
Alice grabbed my flaccid cock and pulled it saying,
"This part of you is anything but fragile when it's ramming into me bro."
"Okay, you got me, now can you let go of my cock before you do some damage to it?"
"I would never do that bro, too much to loose."
"Hey you two, a little less of the family squabbles, you've got a guest here."
"Sorry Imogen," Alice said, "come on, let's go and use the shower in my place, it's more girl friendly. Archie, would you bring our clothes please, Imogen and I are going to caress each other's bodies."
"Can I watch please?" I asked.
They didn't answer but I sorted a few things then followed them to Alice's bathroom and videoed them making out in the shower.
Imogen does come and join us for a threesome around once a week and we've often watched the videos that we made that first night, and some of the other ones that Alice and I have made. Imogen knows about some of the crazy things that we do and Alice and I keep trying to decide when we will tell her everything.
Those threesomes often turn into sleepovers and we've introduced Imogen to being woken by a cock sliding into her pussy. The first time that I did it Imogen jumped saying,
"What the fuck are you doing Archie?"
But she quickly relaxed and asked me to continue. Since then it has been her that has woken me by making use of my morning woody just like Alice often does. It's a wonderful feeling waking up to feel a lovely, warm, wet pussy sliding up and down on your cock and not knowing who that pussy belongs to until you open your eyes.
*****
Body Painting, or to give the course it's proper name, 'Human Body Art', Alice signed up to be a model at the Body Painting classes at Clarkson university. I still can't believe that people would want to get a degree in Body Painting, but hey, it meets a requirement for Alice and that's all that counts. When we first went I was a little surprised that they would let me be in the same room as where the painting was happening but they did and I've watched lots of girls get painted.
There were six painting areas, each with a pedestal for the 'canvas' to stand on and surrounded by containers of paint, water, brushes, spray guns and other things that I didn't recognise. The art tutor, or whatever his job title was, came up to us and after introductions he explained that there would be six 'canvas's' at each session and they would each be allocated to a student who would explain what they were going to paint on their canvas.
Before introducing Alice to Adrian the teacher told Alice that it would be okay for her boyfriend to take photographs but only of her unless he (me) got permission from the other canvases.
I followed Alice and Adrian over to his allotted work area then found a chair and brought it over. Adrian explained a few things to Alice then she walked across the room to where I saw a changing area (open plan), and three shower cubicles. I watched Alice strip naked then walk back over to Adrian.
It was then that I started to look around the room in more detail. Three of the other work areas already had girls standing on the pedestals and I realised that one of them only wore a G-string, one had a full bush and the other girl was as naked and bald as Alice was.
I wondered how the student who was allocated the girl with the bush would paint that.
Alice stepped up onto her pedestal and I saw that she stood with her feet as far apart as the pedestal would permit. I was happy that I had sat in her front as I could see her hard nipples, slit with her clit poking out, and it wasn't cold in there.
I was sat near enough to both Alice and Adrian to hold a conversation and I started asking Adrian questions and learnt that body painting went back centuries with it mainly being practised by the indigenous tribes of the darker skinned people of the world and that it was done for a variety of reasons from trying to intimidate other tribes that they were attacking, to indicate that the person was looking for a mate, to god worshipping, often before a young girl was sacrificed.
But it had only started to get popular in first world countries when in the 1930s a cosmetics manufacturer, Max Factor, decided to fully paint a model. My first thought when Adrian said that was to wonder if the model was naked or shaved.
When I asked Adrian if he was really going to get a degree in body painting he explained that Human Body Art covered a lot more that just painting bodies, it included tattoos and piercings and the students had to know all the history of them. As soon as the word piercing was heard Alice said,
"That's brilliant Adrian, I've been thinking about getting some piercings, could you do some for me?"
"Not officially, I'm not qualified but I have done some in the classroom."
"But you could do my nipples and clit if I asked you?"
"I suppose so, but it's not the clitoris that normally gets pierced, it's the hood, and from what I've already seen of you Alice there doesn't appear to much of a hood covering yours."
"But you could find somewhere to put a ring or a bar?
"There are lots of areas down there that can be pierced."
"Will you be having any more practical lessons in body piercing Adrian?" Alice asked.
"Are you wanting to volunteer to be the subject for the lesson Alice?" I asked.
"I can speak to my tutor if you want Alice?"
"Yes please Adrian."
"So what are you going to paint on Alice today Adrian?" I asked changing the subject.
"Oh just some squares and diamonds, similar to a diagram that I saw of a girl from an African tribe who was about to be offered to their gods as a sacrifice."
"You're not planning on offering me as a sacrifice are you Adrian?" Alice asked.
"Ha, no, but I could tie you down on one of the desks over there and we could all dance and chant around you if you want." Adrian replied.
"She'd like that." I said.
By then a few white diamonds, triangles, circles and squares had appeared on Alice's thighs and torso, Adrian explaining that the white was just a base layer, like people use undercoat when painting their house.
One of the diamonds covered Alice's stomach from her belly button down to her clit. When the paintbrush touched her clit I heard Alice moan a little but Adrian just ignored her.
"So is that paint water based and will it wash off easily?" I asked.
"Yes, but there are waterproof paints that take days to wear off. We only use water based paints most of the time, the waterproof paints are for special events where the person needs to keep the art work on for a few days."
I could see Alice's face and her brain thinking of opportunities to wear just paint outside.
"What sort of special events Adrian?" I asked.
"The main one is the Caribbean Carnival in the late Spring, students here offer our services for free for local events like that. As well as the waterproof body painting we do water based face painting for kids. Both the kids and the parents love it."
"So how do I get to be part of the Carnival?" Alice asked.
"You know, I have no idea," Adrian replied, "but I know someone who will know, let me have your number before you leave and I'll pass it on."
"Thank Adrian." Both Alice and I said almost in stereo.
There was a long pause in the conversation as Adrian got on with the job. As I watched I never realised just how complex squares and diamond shapes could be. If I'd been doing it they would have just been coloured boxes but Adrian was bringing out a 3D effect with all different colours. I decided that I'd never pick up a paint brush again.
When I'd got over the feeling of being useless at art I asked Adrian if he'd ever painted clothes on a body so that from a distance the person looked fully clothed.
"I have, I'm bragging a bit here, but the other week I painted an impressive pair of denim shorts on a girl, she looked amazing but it did take me nearly three hours to do it."
Again I could almost see Alice's brain working away.
"So Adrian" Alice asked, "how much would you charge to paint some shorts and say a halter top on me?"
"That would depend on what type of paint I used, the long lasting waterproof, latex paint is quite expensive, so is the Backlight UV paint. Both are flexible which helps them to last longer."
I just knew that Alice's brain was doing the same as mine and wondering how we could one of our parents to pay for it. I was also curious about the UV paint so I asked Adrian what that was used for.
"Halloween mainly, well in my experience, but I've also heard of it being used in some theatre productions."
"Well I guess that Halloween costumes are supposed to be scary," I replied, "but can you give us a rough price for some shorts and a top in water based and waterproof please?"
Adrian gave us a figure for both water based and latex paints and it didn't sound too bad, I wondered if Alice would try to knock the prices down with an offer of doing something other than painting her pussy.
"So is it illegal for someone to walk around outside wearing only paint Adrian?" I asked.
"Our class has spent hours discussing that subject and it's a legal minefield, what they call a 'grey' area. We haven't found any legal precedents about paint instead of proper clothes, but we've found that there is less chance of any problems because people are less likely to realise that you are only wearing paint but the simplest way to treat it is like you are totally naked and technically nudity in public isn't illegal in the UK unless you are performing some sort of sex act or behaving in a lewd manor. But there are a million reasons that a policeman could arrest you from just someone saying that they are offended by your nudity to a policeman being in a bad mood. Believe me, if a policeman wants to arrest you he will find a reason, but as I said, technically it isn't illegal and there are examples of almost mass nudity, for example the London Naked Bike Ride. Also, events like the Caribbean Carnivals, there's not total nudity but plenty of girls wear only paint and the police just ignore it at both those events.
Nudity in private and public buildings and property is different and it s up to the people responsible for the building or property to make their own rules but in general you would only be asked to cover-up or leave, they don't want the publicity that a court case would bring."
I could see Alice's brain thinking of opportunities and the idea of me walking down the street or through the park with Alice just wearing painted on shorts and top did appeal to me a bit but nowhere as near as it would to Alice.
There was a few seconds silence as Adrian continued with his work. That was broken by Alice moaning again and I saw that Adrian's paint brush had touched her clit again. That reminded me that I was supposed to be taking photographs and I lifted my phone.
When he was finished Alice posed for me as I took photographs from all angles, then Adrian's tutor came over with a very professional looking camera and he too took lots of photographs, Adrian explaining that the photos would count for marks on his course work.
I just had to congratulate Adrian as Alice looked wonderful. As I said earlier, I never imagined that geometric shapes could look so good. I again imagined Alice being strung up and offered to the gods by being fucked senseless then having a dagger stuck into her heart. The tutor seemed to agree with me, well how good she looked, because he praised Adrian.
"Want to go and see how the others are getting on?" Adrian asked.
"Wow, those students had a lot of imagination, and they've got a lot of bright paint colours." I said looking at a very brightly coloured girl.
"Oh, that's Ryan, he's practising for the Caribbean Carnival. Have you volunteered for just this session Alice, or all six if them spread out over the academic year?"
"All of them."
"Okay, I'll do a Caribbean theme on you next time."
"We get the same artist each time do we?" Alice asked.
"You do if I ask for you Alice?"
"Please do Adrian," Alice replied, "and if you want a victim anytime unofficially you just let me know. I'll give you my number when I get dressed."
Another student was painting a pair of shorts on one girl, not denim shorts but they did look good. I saw Alice bend over and Adrian asked her what she was looking at.
"Her pussy, I wanted to see if it was painted."
"That is the girl's choice, some girls have the body shape to need it and some don't." Adrian replied. "It also depends upon what the girl is going to be doing, there's no point painting an area that isn't going to be seen."
"Or not." Alice added and both Adrian and I smiled.
We came to the girl with the full bush and although the student had done, presumably, the best that he could do, it looked horrible.
"Best of a bad job but we have to work with what we are given." Adrian said and we moved on.
We arrived back to where we had started and some of the other students were finishing their work so we followed the tutor and he went to each one and took some photographs.
When just about everyone had seen everyone's work the 'canvases' they were told that they could go and shower. There were only three showers and the girl who had kept her G-string on had to take it off in the shower so, in two lots of three I saw 6 totally naked girls showering then getting dressed. Going there with Alice definitely had its benefits.
As we were walking the half mile back to our apartments Alice and I discussed how many times we could afford to get Adrian to paint some denim shorts and a top on Alice in latex paint so that it would last a few days and give us more fun.
"I take it that you won't be getting Adrian to paint your pussy?" I asked.
"Not even my clit brother, I don't want you to swallow any latex paint when you are chewing it."
"So considerate dear sister."
We went back to Clarkson for each of the subsequent modelling sessions and twice Adrian painted clothes on Alice and twice Alice decided not to shower it off in the provided showers, but to walk back to our apartments in just the paint. Alice got a couple of strange looks but nothing was said and we guessed that it was because we were walking along holding hands looking like any other young couple.
One time it was a very pleasant and not so cold day so Alice decided to walk back via the park so that she was outside feeling very naked in public for as long as she could.
The third time that we went we got talking to Adrian about the room that we were in and he told us that students could use the room and equipment any time that they wanted but they had to provide their own paint and other consumables. He told us that some of the students did the odd paint job for friends or business' to supplement their living loans.
I didn't think that Adrian was dropping hints to make some money but it got my brain working and before we left there we had arranged for him to purchase the required latex paint and the other things that he needed for him to paint some denim cut-off shorts and a halter top on Alice. He bought what he needed and arranged to meet him on the next Thursday evening for him to do the deed, knowing that we didn't have a class or a lecture on the Friday.
Unfortunately, on the Thursday afternoon our class schedule got changed and we were required to have a lesson on the Friday morning. On the way over to Clarkson university Alice and I discussed the problem Alice said that she'd wear just a light summer dress over the paint job even though she might look a bit silly.
Anyway, we went ahead and Adrian did a superb job and from just a couple of metres away I couldn't tell that Alice was just wearing paint. That was the first time that Adrian had used latex paint and Alice said that she felt more naked than when Adrian had used the water based paints. Like the other times that Adrian had painted shorts on Alice the only part of her pussy that he'd painted was the front part of her slit. Adrian had pointed out that he could still see her pink clit but Alice had insisted that he not put any paint on her clit. She didn't give Adrian a reason but I was sure that he knew why.
Adrian gave me the receipts for the things that he'd bought and while he was working on Alice I transferred the money, along with a nice tip, to his bank account.
It was dark when we left Clarkson with Alice's clothes in a backpack that I had taken for that purpose and we got back to the entrance of the apartment block without attracting any attention when we saw Ethan, Mason and Henry coming out of the building. None of them paid much attention to Alice and as we all said hello, Mason said that they were going for a burger then for a pint and he asked if we wanted to tag along.
Alice immediately said that we would and we all started walked towards the burger place.
It was Ethan who first realised that there was something strange about Alice's shorts and top. In the light from a shop window Ethan got everyone to stop and he looked closer at Alice. Henry and Mason also looked at her, Henry saying that Alice's pokies were bigger than the previous times that he's seen them.
"Yeah," Ethan added, "and that camel toe is, hey, I can see your clit Alice, those short look odd, hey, are those shorts painted on you Alice? And that top, yeah, you're naked Alice."
"Yeah, that makes sense." Henry added. "Bloody hell Alice, you're outside naked."
"No I'm not, I've got painted clothes on, it's not illegal."
"Well that's a debatable point." Ethan replied, "are you really going to come to the burger bar then the pub with us like that?"
"Yes, you guys didn't notice until we got this far from the apartment so why should other people notice?" Alice replied.
"You're going to let your sister walk around town like that Archie?" Henry asked.
"Hey guys, you've all seen what's under that paint so what's the big deal?" I replied. "And who am I to tell my sister what to wear or what not to wear?"
"Well, I, we, are a bit worried about you Alice, we'd hate for you to get in any trouble, isn't that right guys?" Ethan said.
"That's sweet guys, you're not just trying to get into my knickers are you? Oops, no knickers. Tell you what guys, if you have to rescue me tonight I'll give you all blowjobs."
"Deal." Ethan said.
We got to the burger bar and went in. It was bright in there but, amazingly, no one gave Alice more than a glancing look and we ordered and all sat at a table, me next to Alice and the other three guys opposite. I noted that all three could see Alice's lap and slit. It wasn't long before she opened her knees to let them see the rest of her pussy.
Our burgers arrived and the girl who brought them gave Alice a strange look but said nothing.
After the burger we left and headed to the pub that we often go to and found that it was quite busy, a late happy hour aimed at students. Ethan led the way in and we managed to get some space to stand near the end of the bar. The other three guys seemed to stand in a circle around Alice and it seemed like they were either protecting her from being seen by other people there, or that they just wanted to look at her all the time.
As we stood there with out first drink in our hands Alice said,
"It feels amazing to be in a crowded pub with no clothes on."
"I thought that you said that you were wearing paint?" Ethan said, "doesn't that count as clothes when you don't want it to?"
"As you yourself said Ethan, a debatable point that I don't want to get into right now, I just want to enjoy the feeling."
"Turns you on does it Alice?" Mason asked.
"Actually yes, you three might just get your blowjobs even if you don't have to defend me."
We had a couple of drinks there but the place was too crowded so we made our way to the door to leave. It was only then that a man, presumably the manager, bumped into us with a lot of empty glasses in his hands and when he saw Alice he said,
"Bloody hell girl, if you want a job here dressed like that come back when it's quiet and look for me."
"Alice, the naked barmaid." I said when we got outside. "Would you fancy that sis?"
"Not when I'm wearing paint, I'd be too scared that all the groping would rub some of it off. It was bad enough forcing our way through the crowd just now, I need a mirror to see if it's still good. I don't want to spoil my fun for the weekend."
"You've got to get through tomorrow as well, I hope that the paint is tougher than it looks."
We made it back to the apartments and as we entered the building Alice said in a very authoritative tone,
"Communal lounge now guys."
Us four guys sat down and Alice went to each of the other three, got their cocks out and sucked them until she had three loads of cum sitting on top of the drinks that she'd recently had.
Then it was up to her apartment where she lay on her bed with her butt perched on the edge and I made love to her pussy doing my best not to come into contact with the paint.
*****
The next incident is very related to the previous one because it was the day after, the day when Alice had planned on walking around the city parks in just the painted on shorts and top but instead we had to go to a re-arranged lesson.
After checking and discovering that the paint job was still in excellent condition Alice dug out a white, very thin, short mesh summer dress to wear to the lesson. When she put it on I could clearly see the blue shorts and the red top through the sheer material of the dress. It is a button down the front dress and Alice only buttoned it from below her tits to her belly button. When she was just stood there it hung and covered her pussy but as soon as she moved a leg it opened and I could see her slit and blue pubis.
Alice didn't even get any strange looks until we got into the classroom when one of the obviously more observant boys said,
"Are those shorts painted on Alice, because they missed at bit at the top of your legs."
That caught the attention of a few other people in there and they all looked at her.
"Okay, yes," Alice replied, "they're paint, I wasn't planning on coming here today."
"Let's have a look then." Another boy asked.
Alice looked towards the tutor who by then had realised what was going on and he nodded to Alice who unfastened the last few buttons and pulled the dress off.
Alice got a few comments about how good the paint job was, and some wanted to know where she had got it done. After she told them the tutor stopped everyone talking and said,
"Guys, I've just had an idea, we can swap today's intended lesson to another day and do a little social experiment, everyone except Alice, get a clipboard, some paper and a pen and we're going for a walk around town. With Alice walking in front of us through the busy parts of town I want you all to look at the people all around and note down the reactions of anyone who looks at Alice. Some will realise that Alice is only wearing paint and others won't. I want you to roughly estimate the percentages of people who look at Alice, look at her and don't apparently realise, those who do realise, those who look offended, upset, amused and even lustful towards her. Then next week we will discuss your findings and see what conclusions we can draw.
One more thing, although it isn't technically illegal for Alice to wear just paint out in public, I don't want any confrontation with the police so if someone starts shouting blue murder or the police appear I want you all to surround Alice so that no one can see her. Alice, are you okay with all this?"
"Yes I am, it's just as good as my original plans for this morning."
"I thought that you might like it Alice, right, let's go, Archie, you bring Alice's dress just in case. Meet everyone back here in one hour."
Leaving all our books we traipsed out, all following what looked like a proud and excited Alice. No one in the building appeared to notice anything 'odd' about Alice as she strolled out like she owned the place.
For the most part it was the same when everyone followed Alice along the streets as she walked at normal walking speed, occasionally stopping to look in a shop window. Only occasionally did someone turn their heads to do a double take, and even less so did someone stop and stare.
As had happened before, it was only the young men who said anything and none of it could be classed as insulting.
Some of the time that we were out I ran ahead watching Alice walk towards me and I swear that I could see her juices running down the insides of her thighs and her clit looked to be as big as I'd ever seen it. I even wondered if she was going to have an orgasm but I never saw any of the tell-tale signs of that.
Fortunately, there were no 'incidents' and no policemen appeared although I did wonder just how much detail the people who monitor the CCTV surveillance system could see.
As we all made our way back to the university the tutor walked alongside Alice for a while and she later told me that he'd asked her if she was okay and what her feelings were. She later told me that she replied,
"I was, and still am, so close to having an orgasm, does that answer your question sir?"
"Yes, thank you Alice."
Back in the classroom the tutor reminded us to hang on to our notes and to collect one of the sets of reading material that he would be asking questions about at the next sesson.
I offered Alice her dress back as we were leaving but she told me to leave it in my backpack and we strolled to the park and all around it with Alice only wearing the paint. We even stopped at an ice cream stall and bought one, eating it as we continued our stroll hand in hand and discussing how so many people could be so unobservant and suffer from tunnel vision.
We made it back to the apartment where Alice demanded that I relieve her frustration then we checked the paint job and were pleased to see that it was still intact.
For the rest of the day Alice said that it was strange looking down or catching sight of herself in a mirror and seeing red and blue on her but feeling her usual naked self. We even went up onto the roof for a while but Alice said that it just wasn't the same as being without the paint.
"I feel naked but I don't." She tried to explain.
"But at least you are naked enough to be out in public." I replied, "and that nearly made you cum this morning."
Alice put her arms round me and hugged me. The strange thing was that neither of us looked around to see if anyone was watching us.
*****
As previously mentioned, Adrian, the Human Body Art student, had told us that part of his course was body piercing and that he'd done some in his classes. One time when he was painting her she asked him to pierce her nipples for her. He agreed and they arranged a time and a place for the procedure to take place. It turned out that Clarkson university also let the students use their facilities in a designated room for doing such procedures, all Alice had to do was provide the sleepers that she would wear until the piercings were healed. Adrian also told her what the best metal was to get, and where to get them from.
A couple of days before the procedure Alice and I went to the shop to buy the sleepers and also to look at what she could replace the sleepers with when her nipples were healed.
There was a middle-aged man and a young girl serving in the shop and it was the man that approached us when we went in. Alice explained that she was going to get her nipples pierced and that she needed some sleepers. Both Alice and I were a little surprised when the man asked Alice what her nipples were like but Alice, being Alice, just pulled her top down to below her tits.
"Ah yes, nice and big and hard, perfect for piercing," the man replied.
"So what is the best metal to have them made of?" Alice asked leaving her top bunched below her tits. "I've heard that it's stainless steel."
"Stainless steel is s very good choice, but there are different types of Stainless steel. We only sell 316L Stainless steel and Titanium which is another excellent choice. Let me show you some."
The man went to another part of the shop, Alice left her top down and the young shop girl walked passed, looking at Alice's tits and smiling.
The man came back with two trays of sleepers and to be honest, most of them looked the same to me but he went through them all, sometimes picking one up and holding it over one of her nipples which were still rock hard even though it was warm in the shop.
After a good five minutes Alice selected a set and said that she'd have them. The man took the set and put them on the counter then took the two trays back to where they had come from. When he got back to Alice she said,
"What about when the wounds have healed, I was thinking of dumb bells and D rings would work well with those nipples. We have an excellent range of those, would you like me to show you?"
"Silly question." I thought.
The man got some more trays and Alice went through them, again holding some to a nipple to see what it would look like. After she's chosen some Alice turned to me, held a dumb bell with a D ring attached to her right nipple and asked me what I thought. Not being too impressed with the time that it had all taken I replied,
"Perfect, I can attach some ropes to them and pull you around by them."
But Alice was just as quick coming back with,
"Yes, they're better than a collar and leash for a walk in the park."
The poor man looked a bit flustered but the girl had a big grin on her face. I looked at her chest and could just see the outline of some sort of nipple jewellery. I wondered if she would like to be led round the park by her nipples.
The man took Alice's credit card and in a couple of minutes came back with her receipt and a little fancy bag.
"Thank you madam." He said, then as Alice took the things and turned to leave the shop the man coughed and said,
"Err excuse me madam, but you may like to err, your chest."
Alice pretended that she'd forgotten and was shocked as she quickly pulled her top up, and we left.
We met Adrian as we walked into Clarkson university and we talked about the upcoming Caribbean Carnival as we walked to the designated room, When we went in we saw a girl flat on her back on a table with her legs spread and totally naked. Two young men were stood beside her, one with his latex gloved fingers doing something to her pussy.
"Oh hi Ben," Adrian said, "I didn't realised that you had booked this room before me, getting in some practice?"
"Hi Adrian, yes, this is Angie and Tom, Angie wants her nipples and her clit hood doing. Come and watch, make sure that I'm doing it right."
"Don't worry Angie," Adrian said, "Ben is only joking, he's done it hundreds of times before and only three have ended up in the morgue. No, just joking, everyone of the girls was one hundred percent satisfied. Hey, I'm going to pierce Alice here's nipps and she's thinking about her hood, would you mind if her and her boyfriend Archie here watch Ben in action to see if it will help her make up her mind?"
"Why not, it isn't as if there is any more of me to see."
"Hi Angie, Alice said, I'll get ready for my piercings now so that the guys have two girls to look at. That should mean that they are only looking at you for half the time."
Alice didn't wait for a reply and she started taking her dress off. Yes Alice had worn a dress knowing that she'd only have to bear her tits to get her nipples pierced but she wanted to get totally naked.
Tom's eyes were glued to Alice whilst Alice's and my eyes were glued to what Ben was doing to Angie's pussy.
Surprisingly, Angie only slightly winced as the needle went through Angie's clit hood but I totally cringed at what I was seeing. Also surprisingly, well to me, there wasn't much blood as I watched a sleeper being pushed through Angie's hood. Nor was there when we all watched the needle going through Angie's nipples. Neither was there much pain because Angie's face didn't even register that it was happening. We all watched at Angie's sleepers were inserted.
Ben was soon cleaning all around Angie's wounds and telling her how to keep them clean and sterile, then Angie got off the table and asked Tom what he thought.
"Cool." Tom replied and went to put his hands on Angie's tits.
"Whoa there buster, you're going to have to keep your hands to yourself for a while."
I smiled as I enjoyed the view then Adrian said,
"Up on the table Alice."
Seconds later we were all looking down on Alice's naked body, her automatically having spread her legs even though she wasn't having her hood pierced.
"Okay Alice," Adrian said, "last chance to back out."
"Do it Adrian." Alice replied.
Alice's nipples were already rock hard and as Adrian swabbed them with whatever they appeared to get even bigger as Adrian said,
"These are going to be easy, look at them, they're just begging to to be pierced."
We all watched as Adrian got to work and I noted that instead of wincing with pain when the needle went through, Alice actually moaned. I looked at her pussy and saw that she was wet. I wasn't sure if it was jointly because of the pain, and the fact that four guys were staring at her naked body.
All too soon for probably everyone there, Adrian was finished but instead of just telling her to get off the table he moved down and looked at her pussy.
"Hmm, obviously I've seen this before but looking closer piercing your hood wouldn't be as easy as Ben found Angie's to be, you don't have a very big hood Alice which is why your clit sticks out so much."
Adrian reached over to Alice's clit and moved it from side to side causing her to moan then he continued,
"But there is enough to put a ring or bar in if you want, what do you think Ben?"
Ben stepped over and had a close look before he too moved Alice's clit from side to side causing another moan.
"Yes, there's enough there." Ben said then added, "Nice clit Alice."
"That wasn't very professional Ben." Adrian said.
"I'm not a professional yet mate." Ben replied.
"Thank you Ben." Alice said.
I smiled.
"So what do you think Alice," Adrian asked, "do you want it piercing or not?"
"Well definitely not today but I'll think about it some more. I'll let you know Adrian."
"Fair enough Alice, I think that you can get off the table and get dresses now, but remember what I've said about the hygiene."
Adrian, Ben and I watched the two girls get dressed then I handed Adrian the money and we left. Just before Alice's tits disappeared behind her dress I thought about joking about leading her round the park again but I didn't.
As we walked back to the apartment Alice kept holding the front of her dress away from her nipples saying that the movement of the fabric was irritating her a little.
"A good job that you can stay naked for the rest of the day then." I replied.
"Yeah, but I can still ride you brother, and my gawd I need you inside me as soon as possible."
*****
One of the things that Alice and I have confessed to Imogen is that the hypnotism is all a con. When we first told her she couldn't stop laughing for ages but then she started to see some potential for her to have some fun as well.
The first real opportunity was the apartment's end of semester / Christmas party. In the days before it Alice and Imogen talked for ages about it then told me their plan. Firstly I had to let slip that I had hypnotised Imogen as well then suggest that we could have a bit of fun getting both Alice and Imogen to do some crazy things. They'd suggested a few things to me but they really wanted the suggestions to come from the other people there to make it look a bit more genuine and 'interesting'.
It was mainly guys that were at the party, some of the girls having left to go back to their parents as early as they could, but that made it better, certainly from Alice's point of view as she prefers to 'perform' in front of guys rather than girls. Anyway, there must have been twenty guys, including some that weren't residents, and I counted eight girls excluding Alice and Imogen, so there was still plenty of space in the communal lounge.
After about an hour, Jacob, without any prompting from me, asked me if it was true that Alice had got over her failed relationship and if so, had I had anything to do with the change that he'd noticed in Alice.
"You mean the super short skirts and low cut tops that she wears a lot nowadays?"
"Yeah, that's it, she looks so hot these days."
"Yes, I suppose she does, and yes, I used the hypnotism to make her forget all about the bastard who upset her, whenever I mention his name now all she says is that she's glad that she never went out with him."
"So is all the hypnotism over now, can you still get her to do things?"
"Yeah I can, and the other week when I was getting her to tidy my room Imogen came up to see her and asked me what I was doing getting my sister to clean my room for me."
"So was Imogen pissed off with you?"
"She was a bit and she told me that I could never hypnotise her, that she wouldn't fall for it and that she was surprised that Alice had. So I said that she wouldn't mind if I tried to hypnotise her. So I did, and her brain is just as susceptible to hypnotism as Alice's is."
"So you can hypnotise both Alice and Imogen now?"
"Well yes, technically I left Imogen like Alice, all I have to do is say the magic words and they will do whatever I tell them to."
"Bloody hell bro, you've got to teach me how to do that, the things that I'd get them doing, wow, my cock would get worn to a matchstick in no time."
"So just what would you get two hot girls to do, apart from get them to give you never ending blowjobs and fucks?"
"Two naked hotties, when I needed a rest I'd get them to put on a show for me?" Jacob replied.
I looked over to Alice and saw that she was talking to Harper and Sophie and that Imogen had joined them. Harry was walking my way so I asked him,
"Harry, if you could get Imogen and Alice to do anything right now, what would it be?"
"Easy mate, Yoga, naked Yoga, have you seen the positions that girls get into when they're doing yoga, it's like they're offering their pussies to you to fuck them. Oh sorry Archie, I forgot that Alice is your sister."
"That's okay mate, I'd like to see her doing naked yoga as well."
"Hey," Jacob interrupted, "didn't Elle say that she used to teach Yoga, maybe she could get Alice and Imogen to perform and show their pussies to us."
"Not without me putting them in a hypnotic state." I replied,
"Go on Archie, do it." Harry said.
"Yeah," Jacob said, "it is Christmas, we could do with something nice to think about over the holidays."
I went silent for about twenty seconds then said,
"Well it is Christmas, I guess that we all need a nice visual present."
I turned to look at Alice and Imogen and saw that they were still talking to Harper and Sophie, then I looked around for Elle and saw her talking to Mason, and she looked a little 'happy'.
"Jacob," I said, "you go and prime Elle, I'll sort Alice and Imogen."
Jacob went towards Elle and I went to Alice and Imogen and said,
"Sorry to interrupt ladies, but can I borrow Alice and Imogen for a few minutes?"
As Alice and Imogen walked towards me I took the drinks off them and whispered,
"Action time."
Then, quite loudly I said,
"Alice, Simple Simon Says Pineapple, Imogen, Simple Simon Says Mango"
Both girls froze staring straight ahead and Jacob appeared with Elle in tow.
"ENTERTAINMENT TIME," Jacob shouted, "ELLE IS GOING TO RUN A LITTLE YOGA LESSON."
Elle giggled a little and I realised that she was more pissed than I originally thought.
"Alice, Simple Simon Says turn and face Imogen and take her clothes off."
"Imogen, Simple Simon Says turn and face Alice and take her clothes off."
Everyone just stood and watched the two girls stripping each other and I could understand why, well I could understand the guys but not the girls and no one said a word when the stripping revealed that neither girl wore any underwear. When they were both completely naked I turned to Elle and said,
"Okay Elle, your students await you." Then I turned back to Alice and Imogen and said,
"Alice, Imogen, Simple Simon Says that both of you will do all the yoga that Elle tells you."
Elle started with some of the easy and not very revealing positions and surprisingly, Elle appeared to sober up a little. Then the more revealing positions started and Elle got down and demonstrated each one, forgetting that she was wearing a miniskirt letting the people in front of her see her red thong which was small enough for everyone to know that she shaved all around her vulva. But both Alice and Imogen were showing a lot more than Elle, two beautiful pussies in all their wet glory were on display for all to see, and that included quite a few phone cameras.
All credit to Elle, she remembered well over a dozen positions, most of them causing Alice and Imogen to display their spread pussies and I'm sure that a few phones memory cards got filled.
When Elle admitted that she had run out of positions she got a lot of thanks, not only for what she had got Alice and Imogen to display but also for what she herself had displayed, even if she didn't know it. I stepped in front of Alice and Imogen, both being stood on their feet staring straight forward.
"Right ladies, oh, Simple Simon Says put your right hand in the air and bend the middle two fingers."
They both did.
"Now, Simple Simon Says the next challenge for both of you is to get those middle two fingers in the other girl's vagina and finger fuck her until she orgasms. The first girl to make the other cum will get to go round the room and let all the guys here finger her."
This challenge hadn't been discussed before, I'd just thought of it whilst the two spread pussies were thrust up in the air in front of me, and both girls just stared at each other for a few seconds before both right hands went for the other girl's pussy.
I guess that both girls wanted to be fingered by all the guys there because they really went for each other, quickly ending up on the floor and rolling around trying to get the better of the other and in the process putting on quite a spectacle for their audience.
They wrestled around for ages, fingers going in pussies but not able to stay there to achieve their goal until finally, Imogen just lay there, she was obviously exhausted and no longer able to fight Alice off.
With her two middle fingers in Imogen's pussy Alice went at it like a mad woman, her fingers going in and out so fast that it hurt my eyes trying to keep up with them. At the same time when her fingers went in she was actually thrusting so hard that Imogen's butt was rising up off the floor.
Meanwhile, at the other end of Imogen's body her head was rolling from side to side as she moaned, cursed and swore until she finally screamed,
"I'M GOING TO CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMM."
Alice kept going until I said,
"You can stop now Alice." then when I got no response,
"ALICE, Simple Simon Says you can stop now."
She did, then she too lay back on the floor going into recovery mode just like Imogen was.
After a long silence Logan said,
"Well, that's the best catfight that I've ever seen."
After the laughter and murmuring died down I said,
"It's not over yet guys, it's a bit unfair that Imogen has had an orgasm but Alice hasn't so I'll give it a couple of minutes then start the next round. Is there any beer left? I really need a drink."
When I got back with a beer I looked down at both girls. Their chests weren't going up and down anywhere as near as fast as they had been but all four nipples still looked rock hard and between both pairs of spread legs I could see that both pussies were just was wet as they had been.
"Okay ladies, Simple Simon Says that Imogen now has the opportunity to make Alice cum first using only her mouth but Alice has the opportunity to make it two nil.."
Both girls knew what I meant and they wrestled on the floor deciding who was going to be on top, not that it really mattered as quite quickly both mouths were attacking the other girl's pussy, something that they'd done a few times before.
Obviously, some phone memory cards weren't full as the flashes and clicking started again as the two mouths devoured the two pussies.
This time it was Imogen who got the better of Alice, if you could call it that, and Alice let the whole room know that she was cumming. Somehow Alice managed to keep sucking, poking and nibbling until Imogen orgasmed again, just as Alice had her second of the evening.
The two girls collapsed on their backs and I let them just lay there until I was confident that everyone there had taken all the photos that they wanted and that both girls had recovered. I was about to end things there but Logan said,
"Is it time for us to finger them yet?
"Oh shit, sorry guys, I forgot. Imogen, Alice, Simple Simon Says that you will now go and stand in front of each guy, and girl if she wants you to, and you will let them finger fuck you for one full minute before moving on to the next guy."
Alice and Imogen moved in different directions to the nearest guy then I loudly said,
"Guys, I'm going to trust you to not exceed your minute, with so many of you the poor pussies will be red raw if you all go at it until they cum for each of you."
The guys must have realised that both girls wouldn't survive all of them making them cum, so, in general, they did limit themselves to around a minute, mainly because the guy next in line was telling the guy doing the fingering that his time was up.
I said 'the next guy in line' because things developed naturally and after the first guy had had his minute, both girls went to the nearest sofa and lay there with their legs wide open so as to make life easier for them, and the guys.
I watched most of the guys doing their thing and I was a little surprised at the lack of consideration that some of them were showing for the girls. That old saying of 'Wham, Bang, thank you Ma'am' came to mind as some fingers just rammed into the pussies without even thinking about using the fingers on their other hands to stimulate the clits.
Anyway, having said that I seem to remember that both girls orgasmed about four times before they ran out of fresh fingers, then I let them rest for a few minutes before saying,
"Alice, Imogen, Simple Simon Says that you will now get dressed and continue the party having forgotten what you have just done."
I waited until they were both dressed then clapped my hands three times and said,
"Rhubarb, Celery."
"Oh, Alice said, how did you get there Imogen, I could have sworn that I was stood next to Harper and Sophie."
Jacob chuckled and I asked Alice when she thought that we should go back to our parents for Christmas.
"Hey Archie, you know that Christmas's have never been much fun in our house since we were little, lets go back on Christmas Eve and then come back here on Boxing Day."
"Works for me." I replied then turned back to Jacob.
When the party started to die down Alice and I left. When we were just getting into the lift we heard Imogen shouting,
"WAIT FOR ME."
As soon as the doors shut Imogen gave us both a kiss the said,
"Thank you guys, I never thought that I'd have the courage to do something like that, but I'm happy that you forced me to do it Archie."
"I didn't force you to do anything Imogen, you could have stopped at any time."
"But if I had it would have spoilt things for Alice."
"You're so caring Imogen," Alice said, "thank you so much. Now get yourself to my bed so that I can thank you properly."
I got thanked properly as well.
*****
Other, much less revealing occasions with a much smaller audience than Alice often has, occurred quite a few times and I got to know when they might happen because I'd see Alice put a bra and G-string in her bag, or put them on before we go out. Alice likes to go and find a bench seat either in the park or the shopping centre with just one man sat on it.
She tells me to stay back then she goes and sits quite close to the man and waits until she can see that he is looking at her bare legs, her having made sure that she isn't sitting with crossed legs and that her skirt is covering next to nothing of her legs.
When she knows that she has his attention she will put her hands up under the sides of her skirt, get hold of the elastic of her G-string and pull it down, lifting her butt then leaning forwards to ease the G-string over her feet. Then she holds it up and usually says something like,
"These things are too uncomfortable., I don't know how girls wear them."
Then she puts the G-string in her bag and after a minute or so she looks over to me and says,
"Oh there you are."
Then she get up, says goodbye to the man and walks over to me.
I've lost count of the number of times she has done that, or the reverse, getting a G-string out of her bag, holding it up to make sure that the man has seen it then carefully stepping into it and pulling it up.
Some of the faces that I see on the men are amazing and I sometimes wonder if they got a boner.
Alice has also sometimes does a similar thing with her bra. How girls managed to unfasten or fasten their bras under their clothes and then to get their arms our of the straps I shall never know but for a girl who rarely even wears a bra she is an expert at doing it, both ways. And when the man that is next to her sees her holding up that bra that she was just wearing it is often priceless.
*****
I wish that I could have been a fly on the wall during this little adventure. Alice heard a couple of girls talking in the uni cafe about a pub that was wanting some part-time staff. One of the girls was telling the other that she should go to the pub early on a morning so that the pub would be closed and there would probably only be the manager and some cleaning staff there.
Alice being Alice, her brain was working overtime and she saw an opportunity for a bit of fun. A couple of days later she dragged me to the pub at 10 a.m. and knocking on the door she told me to wait outside, that she could scream loud enough for me to hear if needed.
I saw Alice smile when she saw that the man was only in his thirties and she followed him in.
The rest of this adventure is what she later told me.
The man led her to a little office where he started asking her about any experience and telling her what would be expected of her. Then Alice started asking him about a uniform or the sort of clothes she would be expected to wear whilst working. When he had told her that there wasn't a uniform Alice had replied.
"So could I work wearing something like this?" Alice asked him as she stood up to remind him that she was wearing a really short skirt and a loose fitting top.
"That would be okay but you'll probably get a lot of guys looking down that top."
"Oh, so would it be okay to work without the top, like this?" And Alice had pulled her top up and off leaving her topless.
"Well we've had a few girls get topless in the bar but I've never had topless girls working for me."
"What about bottomless girls, have you had any of those?" Alice had said as she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor leaving her naked apart from her shoes.
"No, can you put your clothes back on please?"
"But think of how much extra beer you would sell once word got round that you had a barmaid dressed like this, all those horny students queueing up to see my body, I could put on a bit of a show for them as well, you know, playing with my tits rubbing some of the ice cubes over my nipples or pushing the ice cubes inside my pussy. That would really go down well with the students, especially if I rub myself like this."
"Please Elle (yes, Alice had given a false name), put your clothes on, my wife will be here soon."
"The students would pour in if they knew that I'd be on the bar making myself cum like this."
Alice told me that she kept rubbing until she'd orgasmed right in front of the man, ignoring his pleas to stop and put her clothes on, and after her orgasm subsided she had said,
"Are you sure that you don't want me to do that on the bar for you, you would only have to pay me ten percent of your extra takings, and if I did it every night maybe twice, you'd soon be rich."
The man had then finally had enough and shouted at Alice to get dressed and get out. I'd just about heard him from where I was and I was just about to go in when the door opened and out came Alice. Her skirt unfastened and her top just going over her head.
"And don't come back Elle, you're barred."
Alice linked her arm with mine and we started walking away to the sound of big metal bolts going across the door.
******
One time when we were out shopping Alice saw this totally see-through, little black dress. When she tried it on in the changing room she came out to show it to me and even in the not so bright shop lights I could clearly see her slit, clit nipples and areolae. I guessed that it was intended to be worn over a slip and underwear but knowing Alice she wouldn't be doing that. I wondered where she was going to wear it.
I found out the day after when she put it on with a coat over it and told me that we were going for a walk in the park. She picked her times to take the coat off, always when young men were walking towards us, and with me carrying the coat she walked along acting as if she had the coat on.
I love watching the faces of the men when, and they nearly always did, notice what they could see. Only once so far has someone said anything to her, and that was a compliment.
Alice has also gone out at night wearing just that dress although she, we, don't go to the busy places, only the side roads with few people on them. One time a drunk man fell over when he lost his footing when he turned to see what Alice looked like from behind and he tripped over a curb stone.
I can see that it won't be that long before Alice goes to a party or two wearing just that dress, she seems to be getting more daring as time goes on.
*****
I'm pretty sure that I mentioned the fact that out university shares the sports facilities with Clarkson university and that Alice was going to get some sports clothes, well she finally did and one time that we were over there exposing Alice's body in one of the classes that she modelled for, we went and booked some timeslots at the badminton and squash courts.
When we went back for our time slots we went and got changed then met at reception to hire the equipment that we'd need. It was then that I saw what Alice had bought to wear to play in. Jeez, her tight skirt was so short that I could see the bottom of her butt cheeks from behind her, and her clit from the front, and that was before she started running around. And her top was was nearly as bad, it was the size of a sports bra but made of some thin material that looked to give no support whatsoever.
Anyway, we went to the badminton courts where we had one of the middle ones of the six in the huge room. We'd played both badminton and squash in the sixth form but that was when Alice was dressed in shorts and a T-shirt, with underwear, so she wasn't showing anything when she ran around going for the shuttlecock or the squash ball, but this was different. Just running around caused the skirt to rise up so that most of her butt and all of her pubis was on display just about every time that she moved.
And this was something that the players on the adjacent courts soon realised. Alice kept pulling her skirt down but as soon as she moved again, up it went again. The longest volleys were the best for everyone who was watching her as the longer the volley the higher her skirt went. I did my best to give Alice easy shots because I knew that that was what she wanted.
All the time Alice was ignoring her exposure except when she pulled her skirt down, and whenever she needed to pick up the shuttlecock she turned her back to her voyeurs then bent at the waist. I was sure that she was loving every minute of it as well as getting some exercise.
When our time was up Alice told me that she needed to go and get changed before squash so I went looking for our court and waited for her. Our court turned out to have a glass back to it that was in front of lots of benches for people to watch the games.
When Alice arrived I grinned because she was wearing one of her cut-down T-shirts, a white one. Her tits were nearly falling out of the arm holes and again the hem was only just covering her butt and pussy. What's more it was very baggy on her.
"What?" Alice said when she saw my grin,
"Absolutely nothing dear sister, I'm just happy that you are happy. I assume that you've seen those guys following you."
"Yep, and they're about to see my goodies."
"They probably saw your pussy when you came up the stairs."
"I hope so, I could hear them talking but couldn't make out the words."
We went into the court and started playing noting that we had a little audience. The audience soon got to see Alice's goodies as Alice ran around trying to get to the ball before it hit the floor twice, and a lot of the time she was bending to hit the ball just before it hit the floor. And when she missed it she had to bend over to pick it up and, of course, she always did it with her back to the glass wall.
It wasn't only her butt and pussy that got put on display, the running and bending often caused her body to twist under the T-shirt which would slide over one of her tits, and of course she never realised that she was exposed so she never attempted to cover up.
I watched the size of the audience grow and I wondered how many of them should have actually being play at that time, but I didn't blame them for watching Alice, it is a wonderful sight looking at her when she is pretending that she doesn't know that she is exposed.
When we left the building we talked about her experience and by the time that we were back in her apartment I had booked the same courts for the same day and time each week until the end of the semester. Alice wondered if she'd get a regular audience.
*****
The time for the Caribbean Carnival finally arrived and it was after Alice had had her nipples pierced and they had fully healed. Alice had been contacted by one of the organisers and we had gone along to a sort of vetting of the girl dancers and a rehearsal of what they would be doing. It was all very informal but I did overhear one over-weight girl being told that she should go on a strict diet then apply again the next year.
The parade would be starting at a park on one side of the city and going to the huge park that we have had a lot of fun in. Questions were asked about costumes, places to leave clothes and where they would be getting painted. Adrian had already explained all this to us before but we still listened just in case anything had changed.
The designated Sunday morning saw Alice and I getting out of bed at 7 a.m. looking out of the window and being happy that it was a dry and cloud free day. We went to the marquee where all the painting was being done and saw Adrian already at work painting streaks and twirls of bright colours all over a girl who was wearing just a G-string. As we waited Alice took her dress off ready, leaving her totally naked like she would be all day, then we looked around. There must have been twenty girls in there in various states of undress, six of them getting painted and Alice and I realised that all six were wearing G-strings.
"Maybe you should have brought a G-string Alice." I said.
"Don't be silly, Adrian said that it would be okay to be naked so here I am naked and waiting to be painted."
I looked around again and say that the artists and I weren't the only males in that tent, there were a handful of others, most of them running around probably organising things, but two men caught my eye. One was holding an expensive camera and the other a notepad and pen.
"Hmm," I thought, "the local rag."
I skilfully moved Alice over to near the tent's entrance hoping to catch their attention and we did. Well Alice did. They looked to be quite normal and what normal man wouldn't want to talk to a naked Alice, especially if you had a good excuse for doing so. I stood back as the two men zeroed in on Alice.
"Hello there, Martin Linley Gazette and Herald, would you have a minute luv?"
Alice lifted her right hand to her chest just below her tits and replied,
"Who me, why would you want to talk to me?"
"I can think of a whole host of reasons but can I ask you a few questions about why you are here?"
"I guess so."
"So what's your name?"
"Elle Macpherson." Alice lied.
"How old are you Elle?"
"Nineteen."
"So why is a beautiful, white girl going to dance at a black Caribbean Carnival?"
When the reporter said that I looked around and realised that I could only see one other girl with white skin.
"Because I want to, it will be fun showing my charms to everyone."
"You certainly will if you go like that Elle?"
"Heavens no, I couldn't do that, I'm sure that I would get arrested."
"Unfortunately I have to agree with you, but it would have been nice."
"Why thank you kind sir." Alice replied and she pushed one hip to her side, opening her feet as she did so.
"But why a Caribbean Carnival, all the other girls are black?"
"So what, I've traced my ancestry back to Jamaica, and don't go cracking any jokes about 'did you make her'."
"I wouldn't dream of it Elle, what do you do for a living?"
"I'm a student at Clarkson."
"Doesn't it embarrass you dancing down the street naked?"
"I'm not going to be naked, I'm going to get painted in a few minutes, but the thought of being naked in public does turn me on."
"It does me too, would you mind if we watched you get painted, and take some before and after photographs?"
"Oh you couldn't publish photographs of me like this."
"That's okay Elle, we can blur out your interesting parts."
"Well I suppose so, where would you like me, here or outside where the light is better?"
I looked over to Adrian and saw that he still had a fair bit to do on the girl in front of him so I turned to Alice and gently nodded my head.
Alice didn't give her paparazzi the chance to reply, she just turned and headed for the door and I followed the two men.
Outside I saw that there were a lot more people around, all busily doing their bit to get the Carnival Parade started and I saw Alice look up to see where the sun was then she stood with the sun in front of her with her feet about shoulder width apart and her right hand on her hip.
"Will this do or do you want some more explicit photographs?" Alice asked.
"Both." Martin Linley said as the man with the camera started taking shots from quite a few different angles.
"But you won't be able to publish photographs of my pussy will you?"
"Not in the paper version of the paper but online the rules are different."
"Oh, okay then."
I watched as Martin Linley had Alice get into some very explicit poses whilst the photographer took lots of photos.
"Well thank you Elle, would you mind if we took some photographs whilst the artist is working on you?"
"Sure, I guess that it makes sense, instead of just the before and after you can write about how the artist does me and photograph the different stages. You could talk to the artist and get his story as well. Then we can come out here again and I can do all those poses for you again."
"That would be great Elle, none of the other girls would let us take those photographs."
"Well it doesn't bother me, anything for a good story. Shall we go and see if my artist is ready for me?"
Alice and the two men went in and I followed. Adrian was just taking some photographs of his work when Alice tapped him on his shoulder and said,
"Hi Adrian, it's me Elle and I'm ready to be painted."
Adrian looked a bit puzzled then he looked over to me. I mouthed the word 'Elle' and Adrian nodded.
"Okay Elle," Adrian said, "just give me a sec whilst I get ready then we'll start. I have some ideas that I think you will like."
Adrian's ideas were for lots of brightly coloured lines that started from one of two places, her visible slit and her butt hole. Each line started very thin then got broader as they went off in all directions on her body. Those that went up her front got narrower as they went round a tit then spiralled round the tit getting thinner until they ended at the nipple. Alice had her barbells, D rings and a colourful tassel hanging about six centimetres from each D ring.
I'd watched the tassels swing around whenever she wore them and she told me that the gentle tugging felt good.
Adrian must have painted hundreds of lines on Alice until I could hardly see any bare flesh and the photographer had captured her bare flesh slowly disappearing. So had I, I'd attached my phone to a little tripod and put it on Adrian's paints table. Okay, his hand or a brush got in the way at times but it recorded Alice's slowly changing body.
Body, arms and legs flesh hardly visible Adrian started painting Alice's face and everyone was happy that Alice had tied her hair up before we'd left home.
Most of the time whilst Adrian had been painting Alice I had been stood behind Martin Linley and his photographer and I was sure that their concentration was on Alice and that they didn't realise that I was there. Between photographs I heard them quietly talking and it was obvious that they liked what they saw. They discussed which websites they were going to sell the photos to and if they could persuade her to make some porn movies, even discussing which porn film maker they could make more money out of introducing her to.
I could actually see Alice making porn movies but not right then, we both had plenty on our plates to keep us busy, hell, we didn't even have the time for Alice to go to the amateur night at the strip club, something that we'd talked about quite often but never had the chance.
Anyway, Adrian finally finished and the only real parts of Alice's flesh that I could see were around her eyes, her mouth, parts of her ears, the palms of her hands and her clit which Adrian had been careful to not touch. I was sure that if he had, even with a brush there was a real danger that she would have had an orgasm.
Adrian started taking photographs and so did the press photographer whilst I retrieved my phone and changed the memory card.
"I'll thank you the next time that I see you Adrian." Alice said as she walked out followed by her paparazzi and me."
"So where do you want to do me gentlemen?" Alice asked and I smiled knowing that Alice had carefully chosen her words.
"Same as before please Elle." Martin Linley said and Alice went into the same pose.
Alice continued the poses whilst the photographer was busy and Martin Linley asked a few questions.
"So what does it feel like being covered in paint Elle?"
"Like I'm naked, I can hardly feel the paint."
"Doesn't it bother you that you are going to be dancing along the street virtually naked?"
"But I'm not naked, I'm covered in paint. I hope that it doesn't start to rain."
"Elle, I couldn't help notice that the artist didn't paint your pussy, why was that?"
"Because I told him not to, I don't want to have to scrub any paint off my delicate parts."
"But won't you be doing some high kicks as you go along, people will see what we are seeing when you bend down like you just did."
"Well the high kicks and the bending that I'll be doing only lasts for seconds and people won't realise, all these bright colours will blind them, and as for you and your photographer seeing my pussy, you don't count, you're professionals."
"Indeed we are, professionals are the soul of discretion." Martin Linley said making me laugh quietly. Could you just spread your legs wider and bend over and touch your toes please Elle?"
Alice did and as she was bent over we all heard a man shouting that all the dancers should make their way over to their starting positions.
Alice stood up, Martin Linley thanked Elle and left and Alice and I started walking, following the other painted girls. I was looking at the painted butts of all the girls and I could only see one other girl without evidence of a G-string and that was on a girl that was showing a bit of pink flesh, Alice wasn't the only white girl there.
As they all got to the road I wished Alice good luck and she winked at me.
I got my phone out again and got it ready to video record again.
The painted girls were up near the front of the parade, followed by a flatbed lorry with a Caribbean Steel Band on it. I've always liked Caribbean Steel Bands and I enjoyed listening to them as I walked along trying to video Alice as she picked her moments to flash her pussy by doing just about anything that she could think of to expose herself, and that included handstands, cartwheel, high kicks and even standing splits for a couple of seconds. And that list didn't include the quick bending over and squatting down so that she didn't get left behind.
About half of the painted girls were dancing some sort of routine down the middle of the road, the rest, like Alice, were doing their own thing down the sides of the road.
Literally hundreds of people were seeing Alice's pussy but very few of them, if any, will have realised what they saw.
It was like a tit lover's paradise as painted tits of literally all colours and sizes were bouncing all over the place. Alice's small tits were also bouncing but nowhere near as much as the bigger ones on most of the girls.
The parade stopped for some reason and Alice found herself stood next to another girl with a little pink flesh showing. I saw them talking and she later told me that the girl had said words to the effect of.
"So you're here to show off your goodies as well, it's great isn't it?"
Alice had looked at the girl's pussy and saw that she too wasn't wearing a G-string and that her pussy hadn't been painted as well.
"Yeah, I just wish that more people would realise what they can see." Alice replied.
"I like your tassels."
"Thanks, they're just heavy enough to make me feel them all the time."
"So I see. Hey, do you mind if I copy some of your moves? You really know how to flash your goodies."
"They're not really my moves, just things that I thought of to show what's between my spread legs, do whatever you want, but if I see you doing something that puts your pussy on display for more than a couple of seconds I'll be copying you."
"Hey, how about putting on a bit of a show whilst we're just stood here. We can flash for a bit longer and give those people a longer look."
"Yes, there are quite a few men stood there."
"You're as naughty as me, I'm Emma by the way."
"Alice, come on, lets cause a few painful boners."
I watched as both Alice and the girl I now know is called Emma did all sorts of moves that displayed their pussies to the young men stood at the side of the road. One thing that I saw them do that they couldn't do whilst they were moving down the road was twerking. Knowing that Alice's pussy wasn't covered, even in paint, meant that knew what I was looking at, a shiny pussy, and the other girl's pussy looked the same. It looked like I was looking at 2 bare pussies, which Alice confirmed later.
Just as I thought that the young men were starting to realised what they could see the parade started moving again and I started following Alice again.
All through the rest of the parade I noticed that Emma was dancing reasonably close to Alice and I enjoyed watching both bare pussies and both sets of tits bouncing along. Although I generally prefer small tits, Emma's tits did look good. They weren't too floppy like a lot of the girls there with big tits, they were quite firm and it was more of a good wobble rather than the bouncing that most of the other girls there were doing.
Obviously I don't know what it's like to have big tits but a lot of those girls looked as though they should have been in some pain.
The parade passed quite a few policemen and Alice danced quite close to a lot of them and I'm sure that some of them were checking her out but none of them did anything about her state of dress, or lack of it in a certain area of her anatomy.
Finally the parade came to an end in the big park where I saw lots of stalls and entertainment including a funfair and stalls selling Caribbean food. I made my way over to Alice and got introduced to Emma. Both girls looked worn out so I led them over to one stall and bought them each a bottle of water. They took the water and sat on the grass with their knees up and I wondered if they realised that anyone walking passed would be able to see their bare, unpainted pussies. I didn't tell them.
When Alice showed signs of recovering I asked her if she knew what she was showing and she smiled and nodded. Emma looked at me and smiled as well.
"So you like to show yourself as well Emma?" I asked.
"Yeah, look as much as you like Archie." Emma replied, "it makes me feel good."
"Happy to help." I replied, "Are you a student as well Emma?"
"At Clarkson, doing physics."
"Hey Emma," Alice said, "let's not waste the opportunities here, let's walk around, see how many boners we can cause."
"Well there's on right in front of you." I said.
"Jeez bro, I thought that the novelty of seeing me naked would have worn off a bit by now. Oh wait, it's your pussy that he's looking at Emma."
"It is a nice pussy Emma." I said.
"So you two see each other naked a lot then, and you're brother and sister?"
"Yes, we're living together, and before you ask, yes we are fucking each other."
"Cool, I can see why you're fucking him Alice."
"Yes, he is kind of cute isn't he?"
"Hey, I'm standing here." I said.
"Yes, looking down at our pussies."
"You can't fault me for that."
"I guess not." Alice said, "pull us up bro."
I did, then I joined the two girls as they wandered around. Often changing course to head towards groups of young men.
Alice and Emma weren't the only 2 painted girls who were wandering around, we saw quite a few but Alice and Emma were the only two that I saw who's pussies weren't covered. Alice's clit being a lot more prominent than Emma's.
I bought them both an Ice cream at a van, although I should qualify that by saying that I gave Alice the money and they went to buy them with me watching the guy in the van serving them and staring at their paint covered tits. I swear that Alice was deliberately moving her chest around so that her tassels were dancing around for the man.
After that the girls seemed to find some more energy and they wanted to walk all over the place, even the crowded places where everyone was almost on top of each other. I saw a few guys staring at them but no one said anything, not even the two coppers that walked passed us. It was like the girls had a licence to be virtually naked in public for the day.
Inevitably, we started getting hungry and I again gave the girls some money to buy some Caribbean cuisine from one the many food stalls and I wondered if it was just coincidence that Alice and Elle only bought at stalls that had men serving.
Around tea time the girls decided that they should call it a day and we headed to the tent where the girls had been told that their clothes would be. We didn't need to go for Alice as she'd given me her dress to put in my backpack. When the two girls went into the tent they were there for ages and when they came out Emma's paint wasn't covered anywhere and they were not carrying a bag of clothes.
"We couldn't find the bag that Emma wrote her name on." Alice said.
"What was in it?" I asked.
"Just an old dress, I didn't want to wear a decent one because it would get some paint on it." Emma replied. "I didn't bring my purse or my key either because I wasn't expecting to stay after the parade."
"In that case you are coming back to our place Emma, you can shower there then borrow some of Alice's clothes to go back to your place."
"Thank you guys but how do we get to your place like this?"
"Walk, it isn't the first time that Alice has gone out or arrived home just wearing paint."
"I like that idea, are you sure that it's okay?"
"Yes Emma," Alice replied, "besides, we can let Archie watch us shower."
"I'd like that." Both Emma and I replied.
We did walk back to our apartment block with the girls just wearing paint and I could see that Emma was both excited and a bit nervous. Just as we arrived so did Henry and Jacob who both looked both girls up and down then when I told them that they'd been like that all day and that there had been dozens of girls 'dressed' like that at the Caribbean Carnival they both cursed themselves for missing it.
"We could all go to the communal lounge and you can look at us some more if you want guys." Alice said.
"Yeah," I added, "go and tell all the guys to bring some beer down and we can have an impromptu party."
I could see both girl's eyes light up. As Henry and Jacob almost ran off I got my phone out and started phoning some of the guys there and before long Alice and Emma were surrounded by guys all wanting to have a good look at the girls and ask them all about their day. Most of the guys there hadn't seen Alice's tassels before and she let them move them about and watch her nipples and tits move with them.
It was Alice that mentioned that both of them had been twerking the people at the side of the road when the parade had stopped moving and it was Henry who asked the girls to show them what they had been doing. Emma and Alice had a short private conflab then Alice borrowed my phone and got some music playing.
Both girls then danced for the guys and they seemed to be doing a lot of moves that involved spreading their legs. When they did some twerking all the guys were cheering at the sight of the two butts and the pussies between the butt cheeks.
When they finally stopped Jacob said that both girls had obviously enjoyed their day as the evidence was there for all to see.
"What do you mean?" Emma asked.
"The streaks of colour down the insides of you thighs where the paint has started to dissolve and run down." Jacob replied.
"I think that we should go and have a shower then come back down here." Alice said.
Emma grinned and I said,
"And bring down the beer that's in your fridge please Alice."
After the two girls had gone the guys started talking about the little show that Emma and Alice had just put on, all of it good things. Then Ethan asked,
"Do you think that they'll come back down here Archie?"
"Ethan, guys, do you really think that two exhibitionists would miss the opportunity to show their naked bodies to a gang of guys? Hell, right now they're probably planning on how to get you lot to get your cocks out and wank you all."
"Your sister hasn't half changed from the stuck up bitch that she was when she first got here Archie."
"Yeah, Matt added, "thanks mate for doing your hypnosis thing on her Archie."
"All I've done is got rid of her bad memories and taken her back to her old self."
"I think that you've gone further than that Archie," Owen said, "I can't imagine for one second that you parents would have let Alice dress like she does and do the things that she does. Hell, did Alice even ever go outside her bedroom without any clothes on before she came here?"
I lied,
"Not that I know of."
Shortly after that two even more naked girls walked into the room carrying a couple of cases of beer.
"Well done girls." Jacob said, "can you show us that dancing again please?"
They did, but not just dancing, Alice started doing Yoga poses and other leg stretching exercises that really displayed her spread pussy, and for every move that Alice did, Emma followed and did the same.
When they finally stopped they were both flat on the floor with their legs spread wide. Alice reached up and took my bottle of beer from me and took a long swig. Then she surprised even me by teasing her pussy with the neck of the bottle then pushing it inside her.
Emma had been watching and she grabbed a bottle from Harry I think that it was, and started doing the same, fucking herself with it.
I could see that Alice was getting really turned-on and when her non busy hand reached up to Henry's crotch she said,
"Cum on me guys."
The guys didn't need a written invitation and soon both girls were getting splattered with sperm on their faces and down to their pussies. All the guys emptied their balls onto the girls, well all of them except me. I was saving mine for inside Alice later, then things went quite quiet as the guys all sat back and looked at their work.
The two girls just lay there for a while then Alice rolled over to Emma, started caressing one of her tits and kissed her on the mouth. As that kiss ended Alice spun round and lifted a knee over Emma, lowered her pussy to Emma's mouth and lowered her mouth to Emma's pussy.
The next twenty minutes of so was taken up with all the guys watching the two girls in the classic 69 position eating each other's pussy until they got the other to cum.
Both girls had finally released all the sexual tension that had been building all day and were exhausted. All the guys, me included, just drank and watched until Emma finally said,
"I'm knackered, I should be going back to my place," and started getting to her feet.
Alice also started getting to her feet saying,
"You are not going anywhere other than my bed tonight Emma, we can finds some clothes for you in the morning. What time's your first class?"
"Eleven."
"Good, mine's 1 p.m. Right guys, thanks for the beer and the other things, it's been fun, see you around"
Alice took Emma's hand and led her out and up to her apartment.
"Hasn't Emma got any clothes then?" Harry asked.
"No, they got stolen or lost when they were dancing."
"Wow Archie,"Oliver said, "you are one lucky bastard having a sister like that, and one that finds friends like Emma."
"I know mate, I know."
About ten minutes later the 'party' came to an end and I headed up to Alice's apartment. I found Alice and Emma in the shower and couldn't resist the requests to join them.
Three still tired people got out of the one bed around 9 a.m. and this one watched Emma trying on some of Alice's clothes until she found something that she was happy to borrow. Needless to say Alice couldn't lend her any underwear although I had already decided that Emma only wore underwear as often as Alice did.
After that weekend Emma joined us on quite a few adventures and they usually ended up with the three of us spending the night in the same bed.
*****
*****
Well folks, that's about all the little adventures that I can think of right now. As we still have at least two more years at university I'm sure that there will be lots more and I may just get around to writing about them.