"Long live Princess, May you forever remain young and beautiful!!" 8 male servants knelt and bowed before me as I sat naked on my seat. "You may rise." I said and the 8 of them replied "Thank you Princess" and got up. All of them were nervous and avoided staring at my naked body.
"What's wrong? Am I ugly? Is that why all of you are looking down?" I asked.
"N-No Princess. It's just.. We don't want to offend you, Princess."
"Nonsense. Look at me."
All 8 of my male servants looked at my naked body and I spread opened my legs to expose my shaved pussy. "How do I look?" I asked.
"Princess looks very young and beautiful!"
"I know that. But do you desire me? Do you want to touch me?"
"We wouldn't dare, Princess."
"Stop with that nonsense and come over here."
"Yes Princess."
"My shoulders are aching a lot these days. Perhaps my breasts are too huge and heavy. Could you help me by carrying them?"
"Y-Yes.. P-Princess.."
I stood up and my servant reluctantly groped my breasts from behind and pushed them up. "Ah! You have very strong and rough hands, Mister!" I let out an erotic moan. "T-This servant is sorry, Princess."
"It's fine. I love your rough hands. Let's go for a walk." I said and walked out of my chambers with 1 servant groping my breasts and the rest following my bare butt.
I am the 4th and youngest child of The King in the kingdom. I have 3 brothers that were always fighting for the succession to the throne but that was no concern of mine as I was born a woman. Everyone in the Kingdom knows that I am an exhibitionist. I seldom wore underwear and always wore thin silky clothes that didn't cover my naked body properly. In my palace, I am always naked.
At my request, my father, The King, had assigned a hundred male servants to my palace. Zero female servants. Every day and night, I would be surrounded by my male servants and their stares at my naked body would make me so excited. However, I am not just a pervert. Besides, loving to expose my naked body all the time, I have also indulged in the arts of dancing and painting. Even though my martial arts are not the best in the world, it's still one of the best. I haven't had the opportunity to battle against the strongest 3 but I can be considered to be the number 4. Strongest 3 in the world are The first gentleman, Yu Wen, Prince Chao of the Chao kingdom, and Black fox, Feng Xi, a famous bandit. For me, I am known to be Qin Hua, Princess of the Qin kingdom. Of course, I will be completely naked in my palace while I cultivate and train my martial arts.
At first, I didn't mean to cultivate my martial arts to this extent. While I transverse the lands in search of a husband suitable for me, I encountered Black Fox and his gang. I was easily overpowered by Black Fox and he took my virginity before letting the rest of his gang have a go at me. I was completely humiliated and was stripped off from my clothes, pride and dignity in the forest. I was only 18 years old.
I managed to return back to the Qin Kingdom but the stares from everyone, commoners and nobles, made me felt so excited and that was when I developed my fetish of exposing my naked body all the time. I am the only princess in Qin Kingdom so no one, not even The King could do a thing to me when I decided to be naked in my palace. Next, I switched all of my female servants for male servants. At first, all of my male servants hesitated to look at me while I was looking at them. But I knew everyone was sneaking glances at me when I wasn't looking which made me very excited and horny.
As I walked naked in my palace with Ah Bao, my most trusted male servant holding my heavy E cup breasts for me, the other male servants that passed by would greet me and I would just nod my head.
After my naked walk in my palace, allowing all of my hardworking servants have a good look at my naked body, I went into the empty pond in the middle of my palace and proceeded to wash my naked body and ordered my male servants to keep staring at me. "I'm having trouble washing my back, is there any volunteers that want to help me?" I asked.
All 8 of my male servants that surrounded the pond raised their hand up. I covered my mouth and laughed. "How about this, all of you can help me to wash different parts of my body. Come in! Join me!"
My 8 servants started to undress their robes and joined me in the pond. I sat in the pond with my butt on the ground, hands behind my back, knees bent and legs spread wide opened. Two washed my arms, Two washed my legs, Two washed my breasts, One washed my pussy while One I had to signal to him to kiss me.
"Ah! You guys are making me so horny!!" I let out a loud moan. "Why did you stop? Did I order you guys to stop? Keep going!! Ah!"
When I felt that I was reaching my limits, I violently thrusted my hips and moaned out loud before I orgasmed hard and squirted wildly!! "You guys are so skillful. Hehehe." I said with a laugh. "I will reward all of you for your good work, take out your cocks!"
I knelt and sucked the first cock while stroking 2 other cocks with my hands. When no one else was moving, I stopped sucking on the cock and said "What are you guys doing?"
"W-What do you mean, Princess?"
"My butt and pussy is available, right? Go ahead and fuck my pussy, now!"
"Is.. Is that really okay, Princess?"
"It's fine. I'm not a virgin anyway. Go ahead and fuck me as hard as you want!"
My servants looked at each other, smiled and started to laugh before a cock entered my pussy from behind and I resumed stroking and sucking their cocks. The cock I was sucking suddenly shot his cum without any warning and I failed to swallow all of his cum. "Ah! Oh my.. I'm sorry for not swallowing all of your love, Mister. You can punish me for being a naughty girl by slapping my face."
"N-No Princess. This servant wouldn't dare to.."
"Enough nonsense, are you disobeying my orders?"
"N-No Princess."
"Then Hurry up and slap my face. Punish me for being a naughty girl for not swallowing all of your cum."
"O-Okay.. Here I come.." A soft slap came to my face and I was getting impatient. "Did I not feed you enough? Why are you so weak? Slap me harder or I will banish you to the imperial prison!"
"Ah! Fuck this!!" My servant shouted and gave me a hard slap to my face. "Oh.. Oh no.. I.. This servant is.."
"Again." I said.
"What?"
"I said again. Do it again! Keep slapping my face."
"Y-Yes Princess."
As I stroked on 2 cocks with my hands and got fucked in my pussy from behind, I kept being slapped in the face and I felt so humiliated and excited. This went on until all 8 servants had came on me or in me. I tried to catch my breath on my back before Ah Bao said, "May I make a suggestion, Princess?"
"Speak." I replied.
"Since Princess enjoys having men dominate you, perhaps you could become a sex slave. Of course, I don't mean for the whole world, I mean only in your palace, Princess."
"Wonderful suggestion, Ah Bao. What do you have in mind?"
"I had a feeling it would come to this so I had already made preparations. Please wait in your chambers as I go and get the items for you, Princess."
"Alright. Go ahead."
"Yes, Princess."
----
After my love making in the pond, I returned back to my chambers while 3 of my servants escorted me by holding my hands and breasts. Ah Bao was standing in my chambers with a few other servants holding up a tray with a cloth covering the items. I went to sit on my seat and spread opened my legs for everyone to see my pussy.
"Princess, for this to work, Princess have to kneel."
"Fine."
I got up and knelt down on the ground before my servants. "This is the first item, Princess." The cloth got removed and revealed the item to be a neck collar meant for prisoners! "A-Are you serious?! You're going to make me wear that?!" I asked.
"Yes Princess. Princess enjoys being dominated by men and this will serve the purpose. From now on, whenever you're in your palace, you will obey all of our orders as a lowly sex slave."
"Alright. I'll leave everything to you. If you disappoint me, I'll have you beheaded."
"Yes Princess. Excuse me." Ah Bao said and placed the steel collar around my neck. "This is so humiliating and degrading.." I said to myself.
"Princess, as you may or may not know, this collar has a secret function. Whenever the prisoner is being naughty, anyone with martial arts could easily activate the lightning attribute on the collar. It will be easier to show you."
Ah Bao pointed 2 fingers at me and shouted "PUNISHMENT!!" Immediately, a strong and violent lightning attack came to the collar and I screamed in pain as I got shocked. I struggled against my collar with my hands but failed to remove it. When the shocks stopped, I fell forward and on all fours with my body full of sweat.
"W-What is this.."
"This will be punishment for you, should the Slave be a disobeying or naughty little bitch." I was taken aback with my most trusted servant and his harsh words after I had the collar around my neck, but somehow his dominating nature made my pussy wet.
"I see.. Okay.. What's the second item?"
"You will address me as Sir from now onwards, do you understand? You fucking slut!!"
"H-Hey.. Don't be so mean to me!! I am still your Princess!! I can have yo- AHH!!" Before I could finish my sentence, Ah Bao activated my collar and I got shocked again.
"Had enough? As I mentioned earlier, from now onwards, Princess is just a sex slave for all of us. You will obey all of our orders or we will punish you by any means necessary until you learn your mistakes. Now slave, are you going to obey my orders and address me as Sir from now onwards?"
"Y-Yes Sir.." I replied in defeat.
"Good. The second item is this." Ah Bao revealed the second items to be small steel clips and a wooden bottle in the shape of a cock. "W-What are all these?" I asked.
"We will go through with the rules with you later but for now, do not question us anything. We are your Masters, your Owners and your Gods. Got it?"
"Y-Yes Sir.."
Ah Bao shoved my hair to the back and started to clip my nipples. "Ah! N-No.." I moaned. "Stop moving, slut." After Ah Bao had clipped both of my nipples, he explained "These are called Nipple Clips. They have the same function as your collar. Let's experience it, shall we?"
"W-What?! N-No!! Stop it!! AHH!!" I begged before screaming in pain when my nipples got shocked.
I felt so exhausted after being shocked so many times by my servants as they smiled and laughed at me. Enjoying the power they had over me and my naked body. Next, I was ordered to spread open my pussy with my hands so that the wooden cock could slide into my pussy.
"This Wooden cock is the same, it also has the same function as your nipple clips and collar. But before you panic, this wooden cock have 2 attributes. Lightning and Earth. The earth will capture the lightning attacks and contain it within itself. You will only experience a slight vibration and you don't understand what I'm talking about, right? Never mind, I'll show it to you."
"P-Please Sir.. Please don't.." I begged before I screamed for a second. It wasn't painful like I imagined it to be. It was just vibrating and teasing my pussy.
"How is it? It's not painful but feels amazing, right?"
"Y-Yeah.. It is.. Where did you get all these?"
"From our esteemed craftsmen, The Legendary Sheng Lan."
"Why did he make all these.. erm.. kinky items..?"
"It was at your request, of course. I used your name to order him to make them. Everyone in the Kingdom knows you're a horny pervert so it wouldn't be surprising for you to ask our craftsman to make those, am I right, my horny and slutty Princess?"
"Y-Yes Sir.. Sir has great insights.."
Ah Bao laughed and my doors got opened without anyone announcing their arrival. All of my one hundred male servants entered into my chambers and I felt very shy and embarrassed, more than just being completely naked.
"Alright, this last item is special." Ah Bao said and removed the cloth to reveal a stamp. "It's just a stamp that will reveal your location to us, nothing special. The stamp will be on top of your pussy."
"O-Okay.. Do it for me.."
"Sure."
Once I got a stamp in the form of an infinity symbol on top of my pussy, Ah Bao ordered, "Alright. Let's start with some warm ups, crawl around the palace, slave. You do understand what will happen if you disobey our orders, right?"
"Y-Yes Sir.."
While blushing, I crawled naked around my chambers on my hands and knees, passing every single servant in shame as they smiled and stared at my naked body with eyes full of lust. A hard spank came on my butt and I let out a moan which made everyone laughed out loud. I wanted to protest but I knew it would be met with lightning punishment, so I just endured my humiliation. More spanks came and I kept on moaning.. It was so embarrassing!!
"Alright, come back here." Ah Bao ordered and I crawled back to my seat. "What are you doing? You're just a slave, so you have to remain below and on your knees!!"
"Y-Yes Sir."
I crawled back down and knelt while Ah Bao sat on my seat. "I will explain the rules to you so listen up! First, you will obey all orders given by all of us and we are no longer your servants. We are your Masters, Owners and Gods. Got it?"
"Yes Sir."
"Secondly, You no longer have access to your chambers. All of your bathing, washing, peeing and sleeping will be outside for everyone to see, and for your sleep, you will sleep on the ground at the main gate. You will be the guard dog, got it?"
"W-Wait.. What about when I have guests?"
"Other than The King and your esteemed brothers, you will remain naked at the gates. This will not be a problem to you since you're always naked for visitors anyway."
"Y-Yes Sir.. Can I ask for a favor?"
"What is it, slave?"
"Can I return to being a Princess when The King or my brothers visit me?"
"No. You will forever remain as a slave! But we are not monsters. We understand that you have your dignity and pride since you're a Princess, a direct descendant of The King, so we will allow you to act like a Princess in front of them, but your status as a slave will not change. Be it inside or outside the palace. Got it?"
"Yes Sir."
"Third rule, you will always ask permission before you do anything and never question us. Got it?"
"W-Wait Sir.. What do you mean by anything?"
"I meant everything, slave. If you need to pee, you will ask us for permission. If you need to orgasm, you will ask us for permission. If you need to leave, you will ask us for permission. Whatever you want or need to do, you will ask us for permission, got it?"
"Y-Yes Sir.."
"Alright, the Fourth and Last rule, your pussy will always be wet, horny and slutty. Got it?"
"W-What? How do I.."
"That's what the wooden cock is for, you dumb bitch."
"O-Oh.. Y-Yes Sir.."
"And one more, instead of I, my, me, mine, you will address yourself as 'This Slut', now try it, say that you want a hard cock in your pussy."
"E-Erm.. T-This slut want a hard cock in my.. in This Slut's pussy.. This slut is very horny, Sir.."
"AGAIN!! You said 'my'. Do it again!"
"Yes Sir.. This s-slut want a hard cock in this slut's pussy. This slut is very horny, Sir."
"Good!! Good girl!! Well done!! Keep it up or you will be punished, got it?"
"Yes Sir.."
"Now, get on all fours on your Princess bed, like I said, we are not monsters. We will let you enjoy your bed for the last time before you spend your sleeps outside."
"Yes Sir." I replied and crawled naked to my bedroom as my hundred servants followed me.
"You guys know the spell, I've set it so that the P word would activate her collar, nipples and that wooden cock. If she resists, just say the keyword and channel your inner force." Ah Bao said to the servants and I got fucked by all of them, one after the other, non stop!!
----
I lost consciousness at some point in those hardcore fucking. When I woke up, I was still naked and my body was full of cum as I laid down on the grounds at the main gates of my palace. It was very cold.
"You're finally awake?" Someone said and I turned to him. "Y-Yes Sir.. T-This S-Slut is sorry.." They were my servants, guarding the gates with spears and shields.
"Don't need to be sorry, you just have to make it up to us for keeping watch on your naked body." My guards said and laughed.
"W-What does this slut have to do, Sir?" I asked on my knees.
"Dance a little and put on a sexy orgasm show for us. You're good at dancing right? Since you did go to the brothels dressed up as a man and watched the sluts danced. Do a good one and we will reward you, slave."
"Y-Yes Sir..."
I stood up nervously and started to dance slowly. I slowly waved my arms, right and left on repeat as I moved my butt side to side. I knew I was doing a good job since my guards were smiling happily and staring lustfully at my naked body. "Princess love cocks!" The guards said and pointed to me. I didn't know what they were doing until the wooden cock in my pussy started to vibrate. "Don't you dare stop dancing, little slut."
"Y-Yes Sir.." I replied and continued to dance naked in front of my guards.
It was supposed to be an elegant dance for women but since I was completely naked, it became a lewd dance. "I can't take it anymore! Get over here and suck my cock, Princess!" The guard shouted. "Yes Sir" I replied. I got down on my hands and knees and crawled naked to the guard and sucked his cock with my mouth.
The guard placed his hand on my head and demanded, "Suck my cock harder and faster, you bitch! Yes! That's how you do it!"
When the guard came into my mouth, there was too much cum and I failed to swallow all of his cum. "What the fuck is wrong with you, you stupid bitch?!"
"T-This slut is sorry, Sir. This slut is sorry, Sir!!"
"Calm your titties, slut. It's late at night so I wouldn't punish you by shocking you. If you scream and alerted the Kingdom, they would think an assassin was here. I will punish you in a different way."
"Y-Yes Sir.. Thank you.. Sir.."
The guards opened the main gates and said, "Get out. Your punishment is to have a little walk outside the palace. Heh heh heh.."
"W-What? No! That's no way I could.."
"Do you even understand what your position as a lowly slave is? Do you think you have a choice? You have no choice but to do as we say, you dumb slut!!" The guard slapped my face and I let out a moan.
"P-Please Sir.. There are patrols during the night.. Someone might see me.. see this slut.. Sir.. Please.." I begged.
"Don't suddenly act all innocent with us, you stupid slut. Everyone in the Kingdom knows you're a horny slut that likes to be naked all the time and exposing your naked body. Even if you're caught outside the palace, nothing will happen to you because you're the Princess! Well maybe you will be fucked but that's what you want, isn't that right, slut? Now get the fuck out or I will get angry!"
"Y-Yes Sir.." I replied in defeat and crawled out of my palace.
----
As I crawled naked on my hands and knees outside my palace, my 2 guards placed a steel leash and attached it to my collar. One of them held my leash while the other spanked my butt, ordering me to crawl faster. Our Kingdom is shaped in squares. The middle is home to The King and his wives. My 3 brothers and my palace are separated out to the 4 corners. That's the inner Kingdom. Outer Kingdom will be surrounding the inner Kingdom with guards all around, protecting the Kingdom. During the day and night, male soldiers would be patrolling around the Kingdom. At night, the soldiers would be carrying a fire torch.
"HALT!!" The 2 soldiers with the fire torch shouted. "WHO GOES THERE?!"
"Let's go, Princess. Show them how much of a horny slut you are!" My guards said to me and spanked my butt.
"Hey guys! It's just us!" My guards said.
"I see. It's you guys." The soldiers replied. "Why are you.. Holy shit!! W-WHAT THE FUCK IS.. Is that.. Princess Qin Hua?!"
"Yeah it is. She wanted to take a walk so we are accompanying her."
"Why is she.. never mind." The soldiers wanted to ask why I was naked but decided not to.. Since I'm famous in the kingdom for being a pervert.... "Are those the new toys Princess requested?"
"Sure is."
"That means Princess had became a slave.. Sigh.."
"What's wrong buddy?"
"For our one and only Princess to be such a pervert. It's a disaster."
"Like hell it is. It's a blessing for all of us soldiers. Both of us have already fucked her, it's a really great fucking experience!!"
"What? You fucked her? Really?!"
"Of course buddy. You can ask her yourself."
I wasn't listening at all when the soldiers talked to each other like as if I wasn't there at all. I felt so conscious of my naked body being completely exposed like that because after sun rises, everyone in the Kingdom would hear the rumors of me being a horny sex slave. Plus I was naked and on my hands and knees in front of, not only my guards but also the imperial soldiers. Those soldiers have yet to see my naked body, much less fucked me..
"Hey slut!! Did you hear us?! Answer the question, you stupid slut!!" My guards spanked my butt and I let out a loud moan which disrupted my thoughts.
"T-This slut is sorry.. Can Sir repeat the question?"
"Wow! Repeat that again!!"
"This slut is sorry.. Can Sir repeat the question?" I repeated myself and everyone laughed at me while staring at my naked body.
"In the Kingdom, who have you had sex with so far, Princess?" The soldiers asked.
"It.. It's not a lot.. But this slut had sex with all one hundred of my servants in my palace, Sir."
"Oh God.. What the fuck is wrong with this slut?! Princess Qin Hua must be born with the devil's curse or something.."
"Who the hell cares, buddy. Do you want to fuck her or not?"
"Not right now. We do have our duties to do, unlike Princess Qin Hua that is able to do all these perverted stuff all day and all night without a single care in the world."
"Hahaha! That's true!"
"Bring her to our training grounds in the Kingdom later.. Or perhaps we will visit her palace.. Whatever, we're going. See you later."
"Bye buddy!"
"Heh heh heh heh heh!! Were you excited to see your soldiers? Little slut?" My guards asked.
"N-No.. Of course not.. Who would.." before I could continue lying, my guards spanked my butt and I let out another moan. "W-Wait.. N-No.. Not there!! Ah!" My guards stroked my wet pussy with their fingers and showed it to me. "Can you see how wet your pussy is? You're completely excited to see your soldiers, slut! And you were lying to us earlier. How dare you!!" My guards pulled my hair and slapped my face.
"This slut is sorry, Sir. This slut is sorry, Sir." I repeated myself as my guards happily slapped my face as I knelt on the ground.
"Do you understand your mistakes, Princess?"
"Yes Sir.. Yes Sir.. This slut understands.."
"Then say it, what are your mistakes?!"
"I.. This slut lied to Sir.. earlier.."
"That's right. What else?"
"Erm.. Is there.. anything else, Sir?"
"You dumb bitch. Do we have to teach you some manners?! Slap your own face 8 times and say that you're a stupid slut after each slap."
"Y-Yes Sir.." I slapped myself in the face and said in a loud voice as I knelt on the ground, "I am a stupid slut! I am a stupid slut! I am a stupid slut!" I repeated 8 times with 8 slaps to my face before the guards patted my head, "Good girl. Now we will tell you about your mistakes, listen carefully, okay?"
"Y-Yes Sir.."
"Your first mistake, like you said before, you dared to lie to us. As a lowly slave, Princess must always be honest to everyone.. and I mean everyone. Even towards commoners. Understand?"
"Yes Sir."
"Good. Now your second mistake is your poor manners. You're completely naked and in front of men. What do you think you should do?"
"Erm.. Greet them.. Sir?"
"Yes. Do you remember how everyone, guards, servants and soldiers would greet you whenever you walk by?" I nodded my head. "Now that you're a slave, you're in a position that is lower than everyone else in the Kingdom, so naturally, you have to greet everyone and offer them your body."
"O-Offer them my body.. Sir?"
"Yes, you dumb slut. You have to offer your body to everyone for sex. That's the slave's role in life and your purpose in life. Understand?"
"Y-Yes Sir.."
"Good, now repeat what I've said. All of us know you're a dumb and horny slut that's only thinking about perverted stuff all the time so in order to make sure that you understood, repeat what I've just said."
"Y-Yes Sir.. Erm.. This slut will greet everyone.. and offer my body to everyone.. for sex.."
"Good! Good girl! Good job! Looks like you're not completely retarded after all!! Hahaha!!" My 2 guards laughed at me and I forced out a laugh. "Alright, shall we continue the walk? We haven't made much progress so far and we are still near to your palace."
"Y-Yes Sir. This slut will obey everything you say, Sir."
"Good! Good! Hahaha!!"
----
When I crawled naked to the back of my palace, 2 soldiers saw me and shouted, "HALT!! WHO GOES TH- Urgh it's you guys again." They were the same 2 soldiers I saw earlier. Cao Song and Cao Hong. The 'Cao' family has been serving my royal family for generations as soldiers loyal to the Kingdom. Everyone in the Cao family are strong and capable warriors, with a tattoo burned into their right arms to indicate their achievements. Cao Song, a general, had 6 tattoos on his right arm. While my father, The King, also trained in the arts of battle, had 8 tattoos on his right arm. My thoughts got interrupted again when my guards spanked my butt and I let out a moan.
"This is your chance to over write your mistakes, Princess. Do you know what to do?"
"Yes Sir.." I replied and crawled to the soldiers. "H-Hi.. I am Princess Qin Hua.. and as you can see, Sir. I am a sex slave."
"Yeah, we know. What about it?" Cao Song replied harshly but I couldn't allow myself to be scared since I had my orders..
"D-Does Sir.. want to have sex with me..?"
"Hey. What the fuck is this?!"
My guards replied, "This is how the Princess greets everyone."
"I see.. Well.. We're busy right now.. So why don't you just put on a show for us before we go off?"
"Do that thing earlier, slut!!" My guards said. "Dance and orgasm!! It's your specialty, right?"
"Y-Yes Sir.. I.. This.. This slut understands.. Sir.."
I stood up and began to dance naked for my guards and the soldiers. My guards were humming along and it was the famous tune from the brothels. It was quick paced and I had to dance quickly. It was the same dance as before, I had to wave my arms and moved my butt side to side while smiling happily. My breasts bounced a lot as I danced and I felt so horny and excited as the wooden cock kept teasing my wet pussy.
"Ah! Mmm!! Ah! NO!! AHH!!" I moaned as I orgasmed hard and squirted wildly with my legs trembling in front of everyone.
"It feels weird to have the Princess acting all horny and slutty.. But it was a good performance." Cao Song said and I bowed, "Thank you.. Sir.."
When the soldiers left and I knelt back down on the ground, my guards pulled my hair and slapped my face. "You forgot something, slut!!"
"W-What.. What did this slut forget.. P-Please enlighten this slut.. Sir.."
"You didn't ask permission to orgasm. Did you forget about your rules?"
"T-This slut is sorry, Sir.."
"That's not enough, recite all the rules. Right now!!"
"Yes Sir.. One, obey all men and address them as Sir. Two, live at the main gate of palace. Three, ask permission for everything. Four, pussy wet at all times.. Five, address myself as This slut.."
"So did you ask permission from us before you orgasm?"
"N-No Sir.."
"WHY DIDN'T YOU?!" My guards shouted at me and I got scared and I got slapped in the face.
"This slut is sorry, Sir. This slut is sorry, Sir.." I kept apologizing on my knees.
"You need to be punished as harshly as possible so that you can remember to obey the rules. Do you agree?"
"Yes Sir.. Yes Sir.. This slut agrees, Sir.. Please punish this slut.. Sir.."
"Good. Let's head back for now. We will punish you with something special later in the afternoon. For now, let's go back to the palace because we want to fuck you."
"Yes Sir."