'What a tender young thing. Wonder who she belongs to. Oh you silly cow, I'm still in the States, not the L.C. (Lesbian Confederacy) She'll be a free lady.' It was the first time I laid eyes on Amanda, sitting in the first class lounge at Kennedy all alone, sipping a Canada Dry, looking a bit lost.
She had thick light brown hair that came in a simple style to just below her chin. She had a pretty face and big chocolate brown eyes. She wore a plain pastel yellow high collar blouse and a pleated knee length sunshine yellow skirt. On her feet were tan, thick sole sandals. I wondered what her story was.
****
Of course I knew it was a big change and I'll admit to being a bit frightened. America had moved far to the right. Not being a plain white bread straight had become just too hostile, almost dangerous. I lost my job when the boss's wife found out about me. I decided to emigrate.
Mom and Dad disowned me when I came out. My brother and sister were, and are, very supportive. My favorite aunt, Peggy, upgraded my ticket to first class, Uncle Arnold slipped me an envelope with two thousand in it when he dropped me off at departures.
Anyway, the stewardess, or air hostess, or whatever the correct name is now, seated this beautiful older woman beside me. I dared the occasional look at her.
Her platinum blond hair tumbled over the maroon shoulders of her high collar short sleeve mid calf length dress. Her shoes were burgundy pointed toe three inch spikes. Her smile was warm.
"Hello, I'm Rachelle, what's your name dear?"
I managed to stammer out "Amanda."
****
When I learned Amanda was an accountant and was immigrating, it was like fate. My company's accountant was making noises about retiring next year. "Tell me, dear, if I'm not being too forward, have you a job lined up already?"
She had a few interviews booked, but no definite offers. I gave her my card. "I'm going to be looking for a new accountant soon. Here, let me write this on the back. Just give it to my receptionist and she'll make sure I know you're there." Her bashful smile when I handed her my car was so sexy. Yum!
****
I had several interviews over the next few days, but the elegant lady's card kept calling from my purse. I couldn't resist, and I admit it, there was a little lust factor at work. I imagined she'd be a moaner when she came.
Her redhead receptionist had slightly too much makeup, and a wide leather collar. Her smile faded slightly when I said I was looking for a job, but when she turned the lady's card over and looked, she was all smiles again. "Have a seat, My Lady, Mistress is with a very important client, Lady Jennifer Parkwood, but will want to see you as soon as they're through."
Soon Rachelle came out and led me into her office. "Tell me dear, what did you think of my receptionist?' Odd first question.
"Well, very polite, friendly, pretty. Although, maybe not quite discreet. I noticed the client you were with didn't come out through the reception are, but the girl told me her name."
"Thanks. I just got her. She was a breed slave, but couldn't catch a sperm, so I bought her from the breeder. She'd make a good fuck toy bimbo, but that market is soft this time of year, so I'm training her to be a receptionist for now.
"Well, let's introduce you to the head of the accounting department, Vera. She'll interview you."
****
I was glad Vera liked Amanda and recommended hiring her.
Having decided I wanted her for more than accounting I made a point of going over to her desk every afternoon on some pretense. She knew how to dress for work. Very sexy. Too yummy to resist.
****
I got the job. Rachelle seemed to come by my desk every day to ask inconsequential questions. She always dressed so elegantly business formally. I fantasized running my fingers through her beautiful long blond hair as she ate me out. I finally decide to take the initiative.
On my feet I wore my red two inch heel mules. I stroked natural nylons up my legs, thinking of Rachelle stroking me. I wore my pink lace bra and pantie set. She'll be so smooth as she takes them off. A pleated grey wool skirt, just barely long enough to be appropriate office wear, and my pink long sleeve button down cashmere sweater looked irresistible, I hoped. Just the right amount of makeup to be sending my message.
"Oo, don't you look sexy. Hoping to get laid, Mistress?" Maybe our dumb as a drawer full of hammers receptionist wasn't completely clueless, but she sure wasn't discreet.
****
I decided this was the day I'd bed sweet Amanda. Push up bra. Charcoal nylons, garters, no panties. My three inch open toe spikes, black. Covering everything, my dark blue sleeveless high collar knee length dress. The one with the little gold round marble sized buttons all the way down to my hips. Mm. Think of Amanda's sweet little fingers unbuttoning me. My powder blue elbow length sleeve bolero angora sweater to ward off the AC chill of the office, and give the impression the boss can be a bit cuddly. Little three cm gold hoop earrings and a short gold chain necklace over the collar of my dress. Not too sexy for the boss. Right?
"Hey, Mistress, is everyone getting fucked after work? Mistress Amanda is dressed all sexy too."
Interesting, but I really am going to have to do something about that bitch. Wonder if Vera would like it for a retirement present?
"Now ,dear, remember our talk about being discreet?"
"You mean about employees too, Mistress?"
I roll my eyes as I head into my office. Goddess preserve me.
****
Vera was training a young slave basic book keeping in the outer office, so she was out of the way. After lunch I undid the top three buttons of my soft pink sweater.
****
Before I went on my rounds of the office I undid the enough buttons on my dress to show a hint of cleavage, and arranged my necklace to draw attention.
Vera and the new one were in the outer office bending over a computer screen.
There was Amanda in the inner accounting office. I casually spread my dress's collar a bit and sauntered to Amanda's desk. I bent over and put my hands on her desk to give her a nice view.
"Everything going smoothly, Amanda?"
"Why, yes Rachelle. I'm now up to speed with your program. I'm glad you hired me. I love it here."
"Found place to live yet?"
"Yes, a little bedsit just off the bus route."
"Oh, where?"
"Longlook neighborhood, behind the Cedar Bush Mall."
"Why that's right on my way." I lied. "How about I give you a lift home, save you bus fare?"
****
Here comes sexy boss lady. Right on schedule. I spread my sweater's front a bit. The way she leaned over my desk I knew we were thinking the same thing. I guess I'd better take the initiative. Than she offered me a ride home.
"Yes, please. That's so kind. I'd love a ride with you, I mean, a ride home. If it's not out of your way." Shut up Amanda!
"Good, come to my office when you're ready for a ride."
The way her eyes drifted down, then back up to my eyes. Oh yes!
****
It was an effort keeping with the game until quitting time. When I held the car door for her, her skirt rode up very nicely. Pink lace, mm. "Got time for a drink on the way? I know a nice little club on Seaside. "
****
Huh? There's a shiny steel ring in the middle of the passenger foot well.
"A glass of wine would be nice. Ah? There's a steel ring on the floor."
"Oh, that. You see some of our clients value privacy and discretion. I use my car to deliver their purchases."
The club was a very private one. A lady at the entrance , wearing a black pant suit and white silk blouse looked at Rachelle's membership card and summoned a pretty, young girl. Her tiny black dress pushed up and displayed her breasts. Her wide hard leather collar held her chin up.
"Welcome Mistresses. Tonight is 'Bikini Tuesday', for the rest of the month all rum drinks are half price if you bring your pet in a bikini."
The club was laid out in a semi circle. A small stage was centered across the room from the entrance. To either side of us were four banquets. Down two steps either side of the aisle were three, and down two more were two on each side.
"Rachelle! Come join us darling!"
The lady in the far right banquet was waving. She had short curly white blond hair and wore a purple sleeveless dress, but my eyes were drawn to her companion. Long, straight silver hair, not grey, shiny silver, dark chocolate skin, metalflake silver lips, nails and eye shadow. Slim, her ludicrously large breasts were corralled in the webbing of her yellow satin bikini top. Her matching yellow satin collar had a yellow satin leash that snaked over her shoulder and flowed to her owner's lap.
"Move over, dear." They both shuffled around to make room for us. Rachelle motioned me in beside the lady.
"Gloria, this is Amanda. She just immigrated from America. She's my new accountant."
"Hello, darling. So nice to meet you. Welcome to the LC." No attempt to introduce her companion. The young hostess took our drink orders.
Just as our wine arrived, a lady took to the stage.
"Ladies and whores!" Chuckles from the audience. "Tonight our first act, her first time here, please welcome Jean Audrey and her trick pony, Ned!"
It was the wildest thing I've ever seen. Jean Audrey wore a sexy cowgirl outfit. Small fringed suede vest, no blouse. A very short leather skirt with a fringe, and cowboy boots.
Ned though! Very obviously a man. A horse head mask over his head, complete with six foot long reins. His hands and feet were in hoof mitts and boots. His elaborate harness had straps from the horse collar to his wrists, holding them at belly level. A long horse tail hung down from his belt. In front though, he had a very impressive black circumcised cock. Jean, steering Ned from behind with the reins over his shoulders stopped him facing the audience, then wrapped her arms around his waist. He was a hairy brute. She fondled his hairy balls and showed us how a white man could have a big black cock. It was the sheath of a chastity device. She fondled his balls, then squeezed until Ned whinnied in pain. She stroked the big cock sheath. She got to her knees and began licking and kissing the black beauty. Ned of course couldn't feel a thing. Could he see with his horse head on?
She stood and pulled up her skirt to reveal a trimmed pussy. "Down Ned."
With is fore hooves restrained he struggle down and lay on his back. Jean straddled him and lowered herself onto it. She bounced up and down. Maybe over acting a bit. "Oh! Oh! Oh, good pony! Yes ,yes, YES!" She fell off him and got to her hands and knees. "Ned, baby? Be a good pony. You know how to please a cowgirl."
Ned struggled to his knees and took her pony style. His hands unable to participate, his cock unfeeling in it's sheath, his hips thrusting, he drove his mistress, long hard deep strokes, his tail flipping the tops of his legs with each thrust. Jean Audrey wasn't faking it this round.
"Uh, uh, uh. More! Yes. Uh uh. Aaahhh. Mm."
She got to her feet and helped Ned up. They both bowed to enthusiastic applause. The reins over his shoulders, whipping his tush with their ends, his hooves clattering she drove Ned twice around the stage before exiting. Wow. The room settled down to a hushed silence. Gradually the quiet conversations filled the emptiness.
****
We finished our drinks. I promised Gloria we'd get together for a round of golf on Saturday. She'd call the office with the T time. I'd watched Amanda. The show had exited her. Good.
"You turned the wrong way. My place is behind the Cedar Bush Mall, remember?"
"I think we'll be more comfortable at my place."
She reached across the console and rested her hand on my thigh. "You're right."
My maid rushed to the door as soon as we arrived. "Welcome home, Mistress."
"Thank you dear. Now, go fetch a bottle of Chardonnay. That's the white wine, remember? And a corkscrew and two wine glasses, you remember which ones? Not the tall skinny ones."
"Yes Mistress." off she rushed.
****
The sweetest little Hispanic featured girl met us at the door. She wore an adorable white mid calf length dress, white socks and black patented leather round toe shoes. Her shiny black hair was in two braids.
"She's a cutie."
"Isn't she. Just bought her, as you can tell. She'll make a perfect little housemaid."
We'd just sat own when she arrived with the wine.
"Mistress, may I open it? Please, Mistress?"
****
What a good little girl. "Yes of course Marie, but you have to remember to ask correctly. Say 'Mistress, may I uncork it for you?' "
Giggle. "Mistress may I unco..uncork it for you?"
"Good girl. Yes, please. Go ahead." She struggles a bit with the corkscrew, this being the first time I've left her to do it by herself. She smiles with delight when the cork pops.
"Very good. Now, pour a little bit into my glass and hand it to me." I sip. "Very nice." I set me glass down. "Now, fill both glasses. Remember how much I showed you? That's right, both the same level. Good girl."
She's all smiles.
"Now, go tell Chef we'll eat in half an hour. Two place settings. You'll eat with her tonight. Off you go."
Thank you Mistress." Away she skips."
Amanda giggles.
****
"Can you ever remember being so young you skipped when you were happy? That's so cute."
"Yes. She's a joy. Well, cheers!"
"To happiness unlimited."
We clink glasses and sip. Then there's a bit of awkward silence. Neither of us know what to do. I pick up her free hand. "You didn't bring me here to talk shop I hope."
****
She kissed my hand. Her beautiful smile and those big brown eyes. There was nothing to say. I took her wine glass and set both aside, closed my eyes and leaned towards her.
Our first kiss. So sweet and tender. Her left hand gently held my shoulder. Her right hand gently held the back of my head. Her soft lips touched mine. I stroked her soft pink sweater. Her right hand slipped down to my thigh. Her lips parted. We shared a long sweet delicious kiss.
****
"I was so scared and alone when I boarded the plane. Then when you sat beside me, I wasn't sure if I should speak, I mean, you looked so beautiful and sophisticated, um?"
Rachelle's hand stroked my arm. "When I first saw you I thought 'there's someone who needs a friend.' " She pecked my lips.
"What were the chances we'd sit together and you'd be looking for an accountant?" Her hand was drifting along my thigh.
"I shouldn't tell you, but I slipped the stewardess a little something to seat me with you."
I giggled. "You didn't!"
"That doesn't make me a bad person. Does it?" The tip of her tongue transited her lips.
Right then her sweet little maid came in and announced dinner.
****
It was a mixture of wine and lust. Chef did a wonderful light dinner. A garden salad, breaded chicken breast, broccoli, French cut green beans and a simple chocolate pudding for dessert.
Sure, being a dealer, sometimes I take a thing home for a fuck toy, but the give and take of seducing a free woman was so much more fulfilling.
****
The dining room was subtly lit with indirect lighting. The table looked like it could be set for eight, but there were only two places set. Rachelle was at the head of the table. I sat to her right. Very intimate for such a large space. There was a candelabra with four lit tapers. Her sweet little maid served us then stood silently in the shadows waiting to re-fill our wine glasses or serve the next course.
As we ate and talked we both became more relaxed. There was a lot of gentle hand touching as we chatted.
It was flattering to think she could have any of the things who were of age from her brokerage, but chose to take the effort to seduce me. Did she know she could have had me the first time we met?
****
"Brandy in the den?"
After my little Marie served, I told her she could have the rest of the evening off, gave her a little 'good night' kiss and sent he along.
We hardly touched our brandy. Sweet young Amanda made me feel so desirable. Her kisses and touch so tender. She took so long, one kiss, one button. One kiss, one button. Then she was spreading my dress off my shoulders. I slid my hand over her soft soft sweater. One button, one kiss. One button, one kiss.
"Lets go upstairs."
****
Rachelle's bedroom was as tastefully decorated as the rest of her home. Ankle deep dark blue wall to wall carpet. A huge bed on a one step platform, with a gloss white head and foot board padded with vertical striped material in two tones of blue and a light grey. The wall to the left was covered by floor to ceiling smoky blue drapes. To the right a gloss white set of a love seat and two arm chairs upholstered in the same material as the bed, and a small gloss white table sat. The velvet bedspread, the same blue of the drapes was turned back. The dove grey satin bedding waited.
Rachelle's experienced hands removing the rest of my clothes was every bit as erotically tender as I'd dreamed it would be. I felt like an innocent bride on her wedding night. She took my hand and led me up the step onto the platform, then sat me on the edge of the soft bed.
****
Beautiful Amanda. So sweet and smooth. I know she dressed just so I could unwrap her. What a sexy little bra and pantie set. What delightful little boobies. Mm, a shaved pussy. So smooth. I sit her on the edge of my bed, step back and take off my dress. I see she likes my bra. She licks her lips as I drop it to the floor and hold up my droopy old lady boobs. I just knew she wouldn't be repelled my my fifty seven year old body. I knelt before her and peeled down her nylons. I ran my tongue along the inside of her right thigh and along her slit. Her little fingers raked through my hair. "Shall I continue, dear?" Those beautiful brown eyes. she nodded.
****
Experience. Rachelle had experience. Her fingers and tongue felt so good. Her long blond hair was so soft. Her bed was so soft. The satin sheets were so exotic. The room smelled so fresh, like a spring meadow. My pussy was tingling.
Then she stopped!
"Shall I continue ,dear?" The tip of her tongue transited her red lipped mouth. Wow. All I could do was nod frantically. I was soon gasping for breath. My whole body as alight. My vision sparkled. I'd never been taken that far. It wasn't just the big O. It was the big OOOO!
Next thing I knew we were snuggled together in the softness of her big bed.
****
Goddess, what a girl! She nearly crushed my ears! It's so good knowing I can still pleasure a real woman, especially such a young beautiful, tender one. We cuddled together. I forgot how wonderful it was to be cuddled. It's not the same as with a fuck toy slave.
"Mm." she said as she nuzzled my neck.
"Just relax, baby. Everything is just perfect. Good girl." I stroked her smooth creamy white back. Soon she was sound asleep. We'll do some more exploring in the morning.
THE END