All characters are eighteen or older.
***
Hailey walked over to where her mom was reading a magazine while sitting at the opposite end of the couch from her father. Leaning down she whispered that she needed to talk to her mother in private.
Sitting the magazine she was reading on the end table, Hailey's mom, Angie, got up and followed her daughter down the hall and into Hailey's room.
"Mom, I have a problem," Hailey began.
"Are you pregnant?" Angie quickly asked.
"No, Mom. It's not that kind of problem," Hailey giggled.
"Well, honey, what is it?"
"Mom, it's a little hard to explain. You see, I've discovered . . .," Hailey paused and took a deep breath. "I've discovered that I kind of like letting people see me naked," she finished with rush of words.
"Oh, baby. I hate to break it to you, but that's not exactly news," Angie replied with a smile.
Hailey was stunned, "You mean you know that already? How?"
"Hailey, that's why we moved you into Charlie's room. You 'accidentally' left the drapes open while you were changing so many times the neighbors used to practically set up lawn chairs waiting for the next show. We figured that at least by having you in the back of the house it would limit your audience to old Mr. Jackson across the alley. He's been video taping you for months. When we moved your room your father went over and talked to him. They agreed that in exchange for keeping the pictures to himself we wouldn't pursue peeping tom accusations against him."
Angie paused a second, then continued, "In fact his photo album of you is more complete than ours. Remember how we could never get together to get your picture for the family Christmas card? Dan had an idea. He went over and borrowed one of Mr. Jackson's images to use on the family Christmas card last year. Of course we had to crop the picture before we reprinted it and sent them out."
"Oh, my . . ." Hailey started as she blushed furiously.
"What's more your father and I talked to a psychologist. He said that a number of girls go through this phase. When we explained some of the things we knew you had done, he said that you were a bit more into it than most, but that in time you would grow out of it. He didn't see a problem unless you started going to dangerous extremes and that if you did, we should contact him then."
"You both went to a head doctor about me?" Hailey asked in disbelief. When her mom nodded yes Hailey added, "And he said it was okay?" Angie nodded again.
Angie waited while her daughter considered this new information. Finally Hailey stated, "Mom, the reason I wanted to talk to you is that I have come to realize that I need to take it further. It's no longer enough to 'perform' here in the house. I have to be out among others."
"How intense is this desire, honey?" Angie asked concernedly.
"Mom, it's affecting my school work. I think about it all the time. On the other hand, I'm so scared that I'll do something stupid that gets me arrested or raped or something. Mom, I just don't know what to do and I need your help," she sighed.
Angie thought about what Hailey was saying and afterwards stated, "Hailey, I think we need to have a family meeting on this."
"You mean you want to bring Dad into this?" Hailey said in shock.
"No honey," Angie reassured her. "I mean Dad AND Charlie."
"You want me to confess to my little brother that I want a bunch of strangers to see me naked?!"
"Hailey, you still don't understand. He already knows it. Why do you think he always ask if you're going to sunbathe and if you say you are, Jason and Bill are always around when you inadvertently lose your top? You've done it at least twenty times this summer."
"Oh, shit, err I mean, dang. I thought I was being so clever," Hailey confessed.
Taking Hailey by the hand, Angie lead her back to the living room.
Entering the room Angie announced, "Everyone, may I have your attention. Hailey had just told me that she wants to take her exhibitionism to a new level."
Hailey had been expecting the family would have a quiet sit down meeting, not that her mom would blatantly announce her daughter wanted to expose herself to strangers. Abruptly her most fervent desire was that the floor to open up and swallow her whole.
To her surprise her father, Dan, merely asked what this new level entailed. Charlie merely looked on interestedly and waited for his mom to continue.
"Hailey wants to be naked in front of more people, not necessarily larger number, just different people. And she wants to move her adventures into more public locations," Angie replied.
Her father looked thoughtful and muttered, "hmmm."
"She says this desire is starting to affect her school work," Angie continued.
Dan looked at his daughter and asked, "Is this true, Hailey?"
Hailey was too tongue-tied to answer so she just nodded.
"If I might make a suggestion," Charlie interjected. "Since this new desire is affecting Sis's school work, what if these new adventures were tied to Hailey's upcoming test results?"
Hailey stared at her little brother like he had suddenly grown another head. What happened to the little creep who shared her house and when had he become such an intellectual?
"What do you mean, Charlie?" Dan asked.
"Her mid-term tests are coming up. If Sis gets one 'A', we help plan a way for her flash one new person. If she gets two, we help her flash a group. The more A's she gets the bigger the exhibition."
"You know, Charlie, I like that idea," Angie stated as Hailey stood there with her mouth open in astonishment.
"Me too," Dan chimed in. "Okay, any ideas on what we might stage for one A?"
Hailey was still in a state of shock. Her whole family was calmly sitting there in the living room discussing ways for her to be naked in front of complete strangers. It was so surreal.
At one point Charlie suggested that Hailey could drive through the Hamburger Shack drive-thru topless.
"No," Angie replied. "It has to look like an accident. We don't want her to get a reputation that might hurt her later in life."
"I was thinking, maybe. . ." Hailey began.
However the family was so wrapped up with coming up with new possibilities that no one heard her. Several ideas were mentioned and discussed by the time everyone was ready to head to bed.
Later Hailey found herself laying in bed, her mind whirling with thoughts of her parents and brother excitedly discussing how to get their daughter/sister naked in public. On one hand she was glad they didn't think she was some kind of freak. On the other hand weren't family members supposed to talk someone out of ideas like this? Mixed in with these thoughts were scattered images of some of possible adventures that had been mentioned.
Now that she had a definite goal in mind Hailey buckled down and studied like mad for her upcoming tests. She was thrilled and at the same time anxious to learn that she had received three As, two Bs, and one C. Her teachers were all pleased with her newfound enthusiasm for school work.
Taking her report card home Hailey announced the results during dinner. The conversation immediately changed to what form Hailey's reward should take.
After several ideas were discussed her father excited exclaimed, "I know what we can do. Angie still has that halter top black dress. She hasn't worn it since the first time because it's a little too short on her. Charlie can modify one of his RC car switches to operate a catch that we'll sew on the neck strings. The dress has that elastic band around the waist so when the command is sent the clip releases and only the top of the dress falls down. However with Hailey being taller than Angie the dress will be like a mini on her. With Hailey's long legs showing the dress should definitely attract attention, but at the same time it's still modest enough to wear in public."
"The top drops leaving her titties exposed," Charlie agreed.
"In this house we don't use that word," Angie said disapprovingly.
"Sorry Sis, I should have said that it would leave your breasts exposed," Charlie apologized.
"No problem, kiddo," Hailey answered amused at the idea of talking about everyone helping her expose her tits, but her brother wasn't allowed to use that word.
"Now the question is, where are we going to do this revelation?" Angie posed.
"How about when Hailey goes shopping at the mall?" Charlie proposed. "That way she can time when to flash her selected target or targets."
"And if it happens when she's carrying a couple of packages she would have to set them down before she can fix the problem. That would give everyone watching a couple of extra minutes," Angie proposed.
"But if my hands are full, how would I push the remote button," Hailey pointed out.
"Oh, I'm sure one of us would be willing to help you out, Sis," Charlie replied with a nasty grin.
"And it won't be you, young man," Angie quickly commented.
"The mall would be really crowded during evenings or on the weekend. That might be too much the first time out," Angie mused out loud. "Besides I want Dan there in case someone tries to take it beyond just looking. Nothing like a pissed off father showing up to shoo away any trouble makers."
"I think Mom should be walking with Sis. No one would ever think that it was anything other than an accident with Hailey's mother right next to her," Charlie suggested.
"Umm, Charlie, could the remote be modified to let the strings slip a little at a time?" Dan asked. "That way if Hailey has second thoughts we can abort the plan. Conversely if she's enjoying it the sensation can be prolonged. What's more having the top get progressively looser might provide the opportunity to attract a larger audience for the final unveiling. Also it would make it look a bit more like sheer bad luck."
"Okay. I see what you mean," Charlie said thoughtfully. "Instead of a clip on the ends of the strings, it would be more of a fiction lock to hold the strings in place. That way the remote would provide a controlled event rather than just one big pop. Yeah, I could do that, I think."
"How about Thursday, the 7th?" Angie blurted out. "You," speaking to Dan, "have a doctor's appointment that afternoon and you were already planning to take the day off."
"And Hailey can afford to miss one day with these good grades," Angie continued as she winked at Hailey.
"What about me?" Charlie demanded.
"What about you? You're going to be in school," Angie answered.
"Think about it for a second, Mom. You're going to be with Sis, so you can have the remote in your hand since you'll be able to see who's around and will be in the best position to know when to key the remote. Dad needs to be behind you two so he can see if he needs to close in for protection. Who's that going to leave to take the video, if not me?"
"What video?" Mom and Dan chimed in at the same time.
"You mean to say that we're going to all this effort and this is going to be Hailey's greatest moment yet and we're not going to record it? Is everyone serious? This moment has to be preserved for posterity!" Charlie offered.
"You know, I hate to admit it, but Charlie's got a point," Angie opinioned.
"The thing surprises me is that I didn't think about it too," Dan agreed.
"Okay, but how are you going to record it without everyone knowing that it was all arranged" Hailey asked.
"I have a couple of ideas about that," Charlie interjected. "For one thing Jason is one of the security guys at the mall. I'm sure I can get him to burn me a copy of the video from the security cameras, especially if I tell them it's so I can blackmail Hailey. I also have a camera hat that Dad can wear to record the people that spot Hailey's performance and their reactions. Thirdly I'll be walking in front with a gift wrapped box with Bill's video camera hidden inside. I'll borrow Jason's pair of sunglasses with a built in screen so I'll be able to keep Hailey in the picture. Mom can give me a signal when it's about time and I'll zoom in for the grand finale."
After a little more conversation the plan was agreed on. The next evening Charlie started working on his part.
By Sunday afternoon he had a working model. He had previous gotten the dress from Angie and fitted the clip to the neck strings. After dinner Hailey and Angie went upstairs and Hailey slipped into the dress. As a result of the open back design a brasserie was out of the question which worked well for the family's plan. However for this trial run Hailey left her bra in place.
After the ladies returned to the living room, Charlie handed the controller to his mom.
After Hailey said she was ready, Angie pushed the button. There was a very slight whirling sound, but nothing happened. Checking Hailey's back, Charlie saw that the clip had slid down her back. In addition some of Hailey's hair had caught in the clasp.
Dan was the first to recognized what had happened. The weight of the remote control clasp was heavier than the strings so it was what moved instead.
From this trial they realized that, first Hailey was going to have to wear her hair up or at least away from the clasp, and two the clasp needed to be suspended so its weight wouldn't move it.
While Dan and Charlie discussed the weight problem, Hailey went to her room and grabbed a baseball cap. Pulling her hair through the hole in back held it away from her neck, but kept it in position to cover the clasp.
She returned to the living room to find Angie holding the dog's collar. It was obvious from the look on Hailey's face that she was puzzled by its presence.
Seeing her expression, Charlie explained that they wanted to see if attaching the clasp to the collar would allow the clasp to work like it was supposed to.
Angie fastened the collar around Hailey's neck and Charlie used a piece of tape to tie the clasp to the leash ring on the dog collar.
When everything was ready Angie pushed the button on the remote control. This time the strings loosened, however the top pretty much stayed in place.
Angie suggested Hailey walk around a bit to see if the movement would help. It did somewhat, but the effect still wasn't what they were looking for exactly.
Charlie suggested that friction between the dress top and Hailey's brasserie might be causing the problem so Hailey once again returned to her room and removed her bra.
For the next trial Angie kept pressure on the remote switch and eventually the top gaped, but it only fell when Hailey jumped up and down, not what they wanted her to have to do on the big day.
Once again Hailey found herself caught up in a sense of surrealism. Following her father's suggestion she had just been jumping up and down in her family living room so she see if it were possible to expose her boobs. Now her family was calmly discussing what they could do to make her exposing her breasts to some unknown number of strangers in the shopping mall more effective.
Suddenly Dan had an idea.
"Charlie reset the strings," he said. When Charlie had the strings back in place, Dan told Angie to lower the zipper in the back of the dress.
"I think the extra weight of the whole dress will provide the additional pull we need," he explained.
"How far do you want me to lower it?" Angie asked from behind Hailey.
"Let's try it halfway down this time and we'll see what happens," Dan replied.
When everything was ready Angie triggered the remote. This time the top slid down and eventually dropped free leaving Hailey naked from the waist up. The funny thing was since this was all part of an experiment nobody really recognized the fact that there was a half naked girl standing in family's living room.
In reviewing what had happened it was notice that in fact the whole dress slipped downward. Only the portion of the elastic waist band still held together by the partially closed zipper had kept the dress from hitting the floor.
It was decided that having the zipper halfway down was the right amount. Angie experimented with the button and was quickly became skilled at controlling the speed of the dress's progress. By barely pushing on then control's toggle switch she could allow the dress top to slowly, bit by bit, droop exposing more and more of Hailey's breasts.
After a bit more practice Angie developed her skill with the remote control to the point that she could stop the dress's slide just at the point that where the two cloth swatches of the dress front narrowed sharply into the strings. By stopping it at just the right moment the two bands were barely covering Hailey's nipples. This left almost the entire mass of her breasts was exposed.
At this point the others had Hailey walk around. As a result of her excitement both at what they were doing and what they were planning to do Hailey's erect nipples were pushing out against the strips of cloth.
To any unsuspecting viewer it would be obvious that sooner or later, one or both boobs were going to escape their confinement. However as long as Hailey didn't move much and Angie left the remote alone the dress remained in that precarious position.
Angie tapped the remote one more time Hailey was left standing in the living room topless.
Later after Hailey had changed back into her normal clothing Dan and Charlie both commented that the anticipation about Hailey's upcoming exhibition was even more captivating then the actual event had been.
Everything was set for Thursday morning.
THURSDAY AT THE MALL
As planned, the appointed day found the family at the mall. Angie and Hailey had driven together while Dan had driven his car and Charlie rode his bike. Each part of the team entered the mall from a different entrance. That way when it was over they wouldn't all be leaving as a group.
They rendezvoused at the agreed location and time. As per the plan Hailey and Angie had arrived earlier and done a little shopping with the result that Hailey was carrying a pair of shopping bags and Angie one. Angie's other hand was in her pocket fingering the remote.
The team had agreed which way the women would go once they finished shopping. When she saw the others had arrived Angie gave Hailey the signal to head out.
As planned Charlie went first hold the gift wrapped package camera under his right arm. Tests had shown that his video camera was able to record the best view if he was about ten to fifteen feet ahead. Since he was able to see the image as it was being recorded on the glasses he had borrowed from his friend he was able to maintain the proper distance and keep the hidden camera trained on his mother and sister.
Per the plan Dan meandered along about thirty feet behind his wife and daughter appearing to take no notice of them.
After buying a few items so Hailey's hands would be occupied, Angie and Hailey walked around the mall talking and window shopping. As they walked Angie started tapping the remote control switch.
The first time Hailey was really sure that her mom was using the remote was when an older gentleman walking by glanced at her and then did a conspicuous double take.
Pretending to stop to look in one of the store display windows to check out the clothes on display Hailey discovered in her reflection that the dress top was already low enough for about two thirds of her breasts were showing. This was the kind of thing that Hailey found so exciting. Her breathing quickly and she felt her nipples getting more erect and obvious through the material, which was just barely covering them. Adding to the emotional intensity was the knowledge that her very own mom was deliberately controlling the display her daughter was putting on for the other shoppers.
Stopping in front of the display also gave a group of mall walking older men walking towards Angie and Hailey a chance to recognize that the young girl they were approaching was just about to lost her dress. Not surprisingly, their pace slowed perceptibly.
Hailey and Angie resumed their walk towards the group. About five feet from the group Angie hit the button and held it down.
Hailey felt the strings come loose. At that moment her breasts exploded into view and with the top of the dress was hanging down around her waist.
During their subsequent review of the experience at the dinner table that evening Dan commented that upon seeing the thunderstruck expressions on the faces of the group of men, he had been afraid that one or more of them were going to have a heart attack.
Pretending to be taken by surprise at suddenly finding herself topless Hailey delayed her reaction as long as possible. Finally she dropped her shopping bags and jerked the top back up in front of her heaving breasts.
Pretending to be unaware of what had just happened it took Angie delayed a couple of minutes to help her daughter reattach her dress. In the meantime Hailey used the delay to accidentally lose hold on strings allowing the men to get another look at her cavorting sweater puppies.
Once the top was refastened Hailey gave it a couple of test tugs as if to ensure that it was firmly tied. Turning away from the men as she bent over to pick her packages gave the group of men a chance to see up the bottom of her dress at a barely concealed ass since she had picked out a thong to wear.
After getting everything sorted out the two women walked away. When they were safely away from Hailey's audience Angie asked, "Well, honey, how did you enjoy your big moment?"
"Oh mom, that was so intense. It feels like my whole body is tingling. All my senses are jacked up. Everything appears brighter and it seems like I can hear sounds I've never heard before," Hailey answered honestly. She had just experienced her heart's desire.
As the women discussed what had just happened the family group continued to walk around the mall.
Glancing across the mall Angie spotted someone she knew. "Baby," she whispered to Hailey, "I's like you to stage a repeat if you're up to it.
'Oh shit,' Hailey thought, 'Mom is actually asking me to do this.'
Hailey leaned in and said, "Hell, yes. Just one condition, don't give me any warning, okay?"
"You can trust me on that, sweetie" Angie answered with a sly grin. Then she pulled out her cell phone she group called the guys.
"Everyone maintain your positions. We have a new target. Just follow my lead."
Not knowing what she was planning Dan and Charlie agreed to do whatever she told them to do.
When Angie stopped Hailey to do some window shopping Angie leaned against Hailey and told her that she had spotted someone she wanted Hailey to meet.
A few minutes later Angie steered the group across to the far side of the mall. Coming from the opposite direction was Margaret Palmer and her husband, Jack.
Spotting them Hailey doubted this could be who her mother had been talking about. She knew her mom couldn't stand the sanctimonious head of the property owners association. In addition everyone in the family considered Jack a horse's ass. To someone's face Jack was all friendly and complimentary, but behind their back Jack talked dirt about everyone in the neighborhood. As Dan frequently said 'the best two things about Jack were his faces'.
To Hailey's surprise Angie guided their course to intersect the other couple. "Well, hello Margaret, Jack, how are you doing?" Angie asked.
Typically oblivious to everyone else, neither Margaret or Jack noticed Dan or Charlie standing to the side. Charlie kept up his responsibility and had the camera focused on the foursome.
"We're good," Margaret said answering for both of them. "Why aren't you in school, Hailey?" she added pompously like truancy was her personal responsibility.
Before Hailey could speak she felt her dress move slightly against her sensitive nipples. Her first thought was that she must have imagined it. There was no way her mother really intend to expose her own daughter to these two universally disliked people?
It took all she could do, but Hailey resisted her initial impulse to glance down. Instead pretending she didn't know anything had happened she answered Margaret's question, "There's a chance I could. . ."
That was as far as she got before Jack blurted out, "YOU'RE NAKED!"
Hailey looked puzzled at his outburst.
"Umm, honey," Angie said.
When Hailey glanced at Angie and saw that her mom was looking down. Dropping her glaze Hailey was surprised to see a wad of black cloth circling her ankles.
It took several moments for Hailey to realize that she was actually looking at her dress. Then she brought her eyes up her body and instead of only her breasts exposed, she was standing there with nothing but a thong shielding her body from everyone there.
Instinctively she snatched up the two bags holding her purchases to hide her worldly goods. The sound of a male voice saying, "Great ass" made her move the bag over her boobs to shield her butt. Of course this exposed her bare chest to the growing number of onlookers and especially to the bug-eyed Jack.
Hoots of approval for her display from the bystanders amplified Hailey's emotional excitement. Without thinking she turned towards the hecklers. However with the dress around her ankles this movement resulted in her tripping. In order to stop her fall she had to release her packages. The resulting momentum slid them out of reach.
Unlike plan the family had agreed to earlier, without warning Hailey suddenly found herself laying on the mall floor with only a thong between her body and total exposure. Her first response was to scramble back to her feet. However the dress was still tangled around her feet and kept getting in the way. Her struggles allowed everyone around her to have abundant opportunity to study the nearly naked girl displayed before them.
Finally Hailey stopped fighting the dress and was able to pull it free. Once the entanglement was gone she was able to stand up. Now upright she looked around and saw that a considerable crowd had gathered in the few minutes since the dress had dropped.
While all this was going on one part of her mind was calmly wondering where all these people had come from on a weekday morning. At the same time out loud she stammered, "Oh, my . . ."
Trying various ways to shield herself with the mini-dress only provided additional opportunities for the onlookers to see her bouncing boobs, naked ass, and barely concealed pubes.
Finally Angie said, "Baby, you ought to put your dress back on before someone calls the cops."
"But Mom, I'll have to exposed everything to do that," Hailey protested.
"Honey, all these folks have already seen your everything and the longer you delay the more people are going to be here taking pictures of your charms." Glancing at the crowd Hailey saw what her mother was talking about. Numerous people were holding up cell phones and pointing them in her direction.
"So come on and put your clothes on," Angie stated firmly. "Now!"
With genuine reluctance Hailey stopped trying to hide her body and shook the dress out. This gave everyone else a clear view of her jiggling tits. Turning around as if to hide her breasts gave the people now behind her a beautiful shot of her lovely ass and those on the other side got to see the fun bags the others had been enjoying.
At last she pulled it up over herself. Holding the front over her chest she turned so Angie could reattach the strings.
See the show was over the crowd that had gathered started drifting away and Margaret was finally able to draw Jack away.
The first thing Angie had to do was zip up the zipper. Once that was done Angie reached around from behind and got hold of the strings. Once Angie had them, Hailey released her grip and moved her hands to hold her hair out of the way so Angie could retie them.
About this time a man came around the corner from where they were standing and said, "I just heard that a young lady had a wardrobe malfunction out here. Damn, I'd have paid a hundred bucks to see those," he added with a grin while looking significantly at Hailey's chest.
"Well, for a hundred dollars," Angie stated and flipped forward the strings she was holding.
For the third time that morning Hailey found herself suddenly topless in front of a stranger.
"MOM!" she shrieked, reaching for the dangling strings.
"Oh, calm down and hand me the strings, sweetie." Taking a hold of the strings that Hailey had already snatched back up, Angie calmly reinserted the strings into the clasp behind Hailey's neck. The dog collar had been replaced by a silver choker by this point.
"Darling, half the people in this mall have already seen your boobs and this man is going to give you a hundred dollars for what everyone else got to see for free. Besides you told me early that you wanted to borrow some money. Now you won't have to do that," Angie reasoned.
As Angie finished fastening the dress, the guy pulled out his wallet and counted out five twenties. He handed these to Hailey still wearing a huge grin. He also handed her a business card.
"I'm in advertising and I'm always on the look out for people I think would make good models. If you decide you want to try it, give me a call at that number and we'll set up a screen test."
Hailey thanked him for his interest and the money, then the two women gathered up their packages and headed for the parking lot. Dan discreetly followed them to ensure everything was okay.
Once he saw everything was going to be alright he broke off and headed to where his car was parked.
Recognizing that the fun was over for the day Charlie had gone to the mall security office. As expected he was able to get his friend working there to burn him a copy of the security camera tapes.
Once everyone was home they met in the living room. Hailey said she was curious why the dress had fallen off completely the second time. Laughing Angie explained that when she leaned against Hailey at the show window she had secretly pulled the zipper all the way down.
Shocked to hear that her mom had deliberately set up for an even more revealing performance, Hailey asked why.
"When I saw that snit Mrs. Palmer with her husband I happened to remember something she once told me," Angie explained. "She said that every time Jack sat a naked girl he got horny and she had to have sex with him. From the way she said it I knew she hated having to do that. Now having seen Hailey little performance she's probably flat on her back right now. And I'm confident that every time he thinks about today she'll be forced to do her wifely duty again and again. Maybe that will keep her preoccupied and make her mind her own business for a change."
Everyone had a laugh at the thought of Margaret Palmer being bonked.
Afterwards they all watched Charlie's tapes. The gift box video was better from the point of view of seeing Hailey's body. The security videos were better for seeing the size of the crowds and their reactions.
As she lay in bed that night Hailey wondered what her family would come up with if she could get straight A's next report card.