I know this chapter took awhile, my apologies. I did try to make this chapter longer so hopefully it's an ex exceptable length. Already working on the next chapter so that should be coming soon.
Thank you to my editor trrgrhppy. Your support and speedy editing keeps me on track.
Please vote and comment. And enjoy.
T
Katia had underestimated how badly Nikolai would overreact to her leaving her room unguarded. Not only had he ordered for her to have a central security chip installed to her person he also had called in Snake to assist Bezac in guarding her. Apparently he was staying until after the Monarch's Station.
Katia had tried to understand the need for extra security, she had apologized to each individual guard that had been woken up to search for her, and had listened intently to the new rules set by Bezac. But as soon as Nikolai had mentioned that the security chip was going to be injected into her arm she had lost it.
"Oh. HELL. No!"
"Love it's important, you need one, we'll be able to locate you at any time and communicate mentally." Nikolai thought explaining it to her would ease her nerves. It didn't.
"You mean I'll have weird seizure things and you'll be in my head even if I don't want you there? Nikolai I want privacy! I don't want you to know where I am at all times." Stomping off Katia had thought that was the end of it, then Bezac had literally picked her up and body slammed her on the cushioned bench. He hadn't hurt her seriously he had only shocked her.
Gripping her left wrist and pulling it up above her head Bezac then pinned her stomach flat against the bench. A sharp sting registered in Katia's mind right before a loud click and the smell of cauterized flesh. It had happened too fast for Katia to put up a fight, for some reason her muscles had tensed up instead of writhing in pain.
Bezac released her to Nikolai. After Katia had a few seconds to inspect the hard circle under her skin did she turn her full attention on Bezac. "I hate you! I don't even get a choice? You stupid brute!" He for the most part had stood fast, taking her anger in stride. In his mind he had done his job and that was all that mattered. "Don't you hear me?! I fucking hate you!!"
"Fine. Hate me. Hate me while I keep you alive." Bezac nodded solemnly to Nikolai then he waited outside the alcove, the ever present living statue.
"Why didn't you do anything!?" Katia smacked Nikolai forcefully on his chest. "You let me get man handled. You didn't even try to stop him!" Betrayal weighed heavily in the pit of her stomach. Unable to fully understand the necessity of being chipped like a working lion.
"I won't apologize, he did the right thing. I'd let him do it all over again if the need arose." Despite the tough guy facade Nikolai kissed her new boo boo.
"Oh yeah?! Well Mr. " not sorry" where's your chip?"
Nikolai grabbed her finger to rub over his bicep where a much longer hard lump sat. His was almost as long as her finger. "I've had that since I was able to walk. I'm sorry you weren't ready but you'll survive."
"Why...." Katia got choked up at the image of a baby getting chipped like she had. "Why is it so big?" She couldn't keep herself from pressing around to gauge the true size of this anomaly in him.
"I have to be able to communicate with each of my tribe members that has been given a central security chip. Your's is a singular chip, able to be linked with a maximum of a few hundred other people. Mine has the ability to be linked with tens of thousands."
"What did you mean when you said you wanted Bezac and I fitted ....?" Katia swallowed loudly. What else could possibly be needed?
"This is very important.... You'll be fitted with a visual projector. If you were ever kidnapped or in a dangerous situation you'd be able to project what you see to my mind."
"How?"
"We're going to have lenses attached to your irises... Permanently." Katia had vomited on the floor. Clear mucus in a small puddle, her empty stomach voided of it's meager contents.
Hours later, after eating, continuously reassured of the painlessness of the procedure, and Nikolai's promise to make it up to her Katia had finally agreed to be fitted quietly. Snake had shown up with a small clear box, inside were crescents the size of clipped finger nails.
Snake had taken the box and ran them over Nikolai's closed eyes, upon reopening them Nikolai's eyes had the slightest glow to them. Without a distinct color enhancing them it was more of an instinctual knowledge than a fact. His eyes seemed more clear, sparkly just under the curve at the top of his iris. Stepping closer Katia squinted, willing her vision to focus like a microscope. That's how minimal the change was. A small sheen caught her eye, nose to nose with Nikolai Katia saw what had been hidden to her. A white grid shown over his inner circle, the intersecting lines shining like stars.
"How? ....... It's beautiful." A small shiver went up Katia's spine.
Grinning in a mischevous way only Snake and Nikolai could. Snake ran the box over Nikolai's left eye, effectively removing the projector.
"Seriously?!" Gaping in betrayal Katia grabbed Nikolai by the cheeks forcefully, bringing him to her. "It's gone!" Accusing him while looking at his smooshed face, "You said they were permanent!"
Sheepishly Nikolai kissed the palms still mashing his face. She in turn kissed him full on the mouth, accidentally giving into the intimate feelings they had for each other. Her hands softened up, from squishing to caressing his strong jaw line. His hands had flown up in shock as their lips met. Taking the opportunity to hold her close Nikolai wrapped his arms around her small waste completely encircling her. A soft cough brought them back to reality.
"Uh... Love you want to try them?" His lips whispering in her ear was intoxicating to Katia.
"Mmm.... I guess so. You promise they don't hurt?"
She hadn't felt any change. She shut her eyes and when she opened them a whole computer system was now layered over her vision. White words flashed in her peripherals, a new kind of thermal shown as a aura instead of filling the whole body, and Katia also had access to an x-ray, back tracking mapping, and a weapon targeting system just by thinking of them.
"Wow. Oh... My.... Wow! But I don't need all this, it's completely overboard! Nickolai.... I don't want this, why in the world would I need this?" Snake stepped up to remove the projectors with his little box. Katia's hand absentmindedly came up to stop him as her other hand was stretched out in front of her face. Her fingers an alien appendage of glowing lights and bones.
"I'll never get use to this..." Katia turned her eyes to stare at the floor. At first she saw the giants tiles then her curiosity got the best of her,"I wonder what this house is made of." She thought to herself. On cue her projector started scanning everything she looked at, foot, grout, crystal, "Go figure ." she thought as she rolled her eyes. Her vision focused, she was now staring at the foundation, then the thick support systems wired throughout, then the dirt below.
"You really only need one on your dependent eye. You'll be able to see fine and view the projector with ease." Snake walked up with the box ready to remove one, Katia motioned to her left eye. With in seconds it was gone.
"Nikolai?"
"Hmm?" Nikolai was busy listening to something Bezac was whispering to him. His attention immediately refocused on Katia.
"Is this a punishment? The projector, the guards, and the chip?" Her mind swirling around his words from the other day.
"No this is for your safety. They should've been installed as soon as you got her but I was a bit distracted by you. And usually women know what to expect at a Sulzar's home." Nikolai spoke with a fierce emotion turning Katia's knees to jelly. He really cared for her safety and was equipping her with the perfect tools to aid her if the need arose. His sincere concern made Katia rethink some of her attitude towards the guards, especially Bezac.
"Then don't you think I need to hear what Bezac has to say too? He's head of my security he and I should be talking directly." The room fell silent Snake and Nikolai starred at her. Bezac stood stiffly with his body angled away from her.
Stepping towards him Katia chose her words with strict care," Earlier I was unprepared for the force that you executed in taking care of me. I know I scared you and could've caused you greater trouble. I might've come off as a spoiled naive girl and I'll work on that. I'd also appreciate some delicacy on your side." As she spoke Bezac arched one eyebrow at her before turning towards her directly. After her small speech he nodded minutely.
"I'll try." His overly tattooed face expressionless but his body did relax a bit in the shoulders.
"Good! Now can we talk about tonights dinner and the Monarchs Station!" Snake said it with sarcastic enthusiasm.
"Let's not ruin the surprise for Katia." Bezac chuckled.
"Whoa! Tonights dinner?! What's so special about tonight?"
"We're having a few dignitaries over tonight, they'll be the same group we caravan with to the Monarch's Station."
"WE'RE? When did I agree to this?"
"I guess it's just me. Because we can't tell them of our engagement until at the Station anyways. So you'll be acting like a real slave while they're here."
Katia felt a small lump in her throat. Not only was she not included in making decisions concerning the house she was going to be treated like dirt for the rest of the night. Silently a sarcastic, "yay" left her lips. Only heard by Snake who glared at her to be quiet. Katia couldn't come up with anything better, stuck her tongue out at him.
Sherone was gushing as she got Katia ready for dinner later that night. Dressed in a flaming red outfit and adorned with white gems and gold Katia was feeling slightly better. "Oh! You'll be the sexist slave tonight! All the other masters are going to drool over you."
"Well that's reassuring. What will my duties be tonight?"
"Mmmm sit there and look appetizing!"
"I'm not the main course!" Katia giggle at the image of her sitting on a silver platter with an apple her mouth.
"No but you won't be ignored either. Nikolai will probably hand feed you, which you need to give in to tonight, he'll discuss plans for security at the Monarch's Station while you sit on a pillow at his side or in his lap, if he's thirsty or needs anything you'll be getting it for him. And when you do always say, " yes master". Can you do that?" Sherone arched a perfectly sculpted eyebrow at Katia through the mirror she sat behind. Sherone's large hands were busy curling Katia's hair in long stands down to the curve of her lower back.
"Sounds easy enough."
"Sounds like fun to me! You get to dress up and tease Nikolai all night. He'll have to watch other men staring at you without being able to tell them that you are his fiancé. Imagine how hard tonight will be for him." Collecting a few strands of hair from Katia's temples Sherone twisted them into loose braids feeding to the back of her head were they finally joined together.
Perking up Katia smiled with glee. "I never thought of that!"
Sherone laughed from her belly, a deep rumbling sound that raised Katia's spirits even more. Tying on her delicate sandals Sherone dabbed on some lip stain then escorted her out the door to the hall where they met up with Bezac. A quick peck on the cheek with a whispered, "Go get em tiger." and Sherone headed off in the opposite direction.
Heading down the front staircase Katia's belly was a tangle of knots and butterflies. Fixing her eyes on the front door she descended the steps elegantly and with a confidence she didn't feel belonged to her. Because of where her eyes were trained Katia didn't see Nikolai off to the side speaking with another man, she didn't see his double take when he first caught a flash of red from the corner of his eye. And she didn't see his mouth drop open before scurrying to grab her hand at the bottom of the staircase. All she saw was the neutral expression he had masked his face with.
"Hello Master." Her voice came out low and breathless, seductive with her innocent greeting.
"Mmm hello." His voice was husky and authoritive a voice Katia hadn't heard him use before. Becoming scared of him and his intimidating stance Katia lowered her eyes and shrunk into herself. The moment was short lived as Nikolai leaned over to whisper in her ear. "You look stunning." Again his voice was husky. Looking up Nikolai winked at her the gave her a small smile. His large hand came to rest just below her hair, forming with the minor shelf where her rear started.
His encouragement lifted her spirits. He proceeded to introduce her to the man he had been talking to. Who was gulping at a goblet Katia was sure was filled with spirits. "Jurek this is my new slave, Katia. Katia this is Jurek Great Sultzan of the Northern Tribes. And my brother."
Katia gasped slightly. Nikolai had a sibling! And he was just as handsome. His eyes were so strange though, Katia felt like she had seen them before. Not knowing whether to curtsey or to kiss his hand Katia dipped her head low and spoke softly,"I am honored Sir."
Jurek smiled his purple stained lips splitting open wide,"Oh she's a beauty! May I borrow her later?"
"No. I haven't broken her. She's my current favorite, and she'll be staying with me."
Jurek squinted at Katia then pursed his lips together thinking hard. "I'm quite disappointed. She is adorable and I was hoping to buy her off you, her hair is exquisite. Maybe you'll consider my offer?" Jurek straightened his back throwing a shadow over Katia and making a silent challenge to Nikolai.
"If I choose to sell her you'll be the first person I call Jurek." Nodding Jurek tipped his goblet high, downing the rest of it's contents. Shaking on it Nikolai led her to short man across the room.
This man checked her like a prized horse. Stroking her hair, feeling her calves and thighs, then squeezing his hands around her rib cage to determine her size. "Nikolai why do you let your pet walk around with you? You should've left her with the others." A vein on his neck started to strum with his escalated heart beat. Katia new instantly she didn't like him. "You don't see my lovelies walking with me. Slaves should be checked at the door!"
Katia was fuming. Instead of lowering her head Katia glared at the little man hoping to incinerate him with her anger. Nikolai rubbed her back soothingly.
"Pavel you know I can't help showing off my trinkets. Katia is my favorite she'll be joining us for all of tonights festivities." As Nikolai spoke the stocky man boiled beneath his skin, the vein in his neck was bulging and his face was turning a deep shade of red that hurt to look at.
"Nikolai! This is absurd, you can't....."
"I can't do what?!" Nikolai had raised his voice some, just enough to draw the eyes of the people around them. "I am THE Great Sultzan, there is nothing I can't do. You should remember that Pavel. A man with your reputation can't afford to lose favor with me."
Pavel shook violently, his head sweating, and his breath halting all together. "No. I can't. My apologies." He bowed stiffly then marched away fuming.
"Do you enjoy throwing your title around?" Katia asked softly.
"Only when it's with little worms like him."
"I see." Katia giggled a little. Nikolai was fun even if he had to put on a show. Walking around the alcoves Katia took in all the changes that had been made for tonight. Nikolai must've spent awhile in the cranial hyperlink. The usually white walls were now a milky clear with spots of lights on the inside, the drapes to the alcoves were a deep blue adding even more privacy, and the servants were all wearing the same deep blue colored outfits. Katia was the only one in red.
"I clash with these colors. I should've worn something else." Katia tried to make it sound like a teasing remark.
"I asked Sherone to dress you this way, I wanted you to stand out." Shifting her eyes Katia now saw that Nikolai had on white pants and shirt but the stitching matched her clothes perfectly. A subtle way to connect them without raising suspicion.
Walking towards the front door Katia noticed one alcove was more dimly lit than the rest, tugging Nikolai with her Katia pealed back the drapes to peek inside..
"I wouldn't..."
Before Nikolai could finish Katia had already ran inside to help the poor women chained together sitting on the cold ground. Noticing that the bench and pillows were missing Katia frantically tugged on the chains trying to free the half naked women who were shivering and whimpering softly. Nikolai's voice cut through her hysteria.
"Katia you mustn't. The other owners will be cross with you."
"Don't just stand there make them more comfortable, help me find the key, get some help!" Tears leaked out of Katia's eyes her hands yanking at the cuff tightly locked around one girls ankle.
"This is the way they store their slaves leave them be."
"Then why am I not in here? Why do I get to walk around freely? These are people! How can you stand by as they are chained to the floor?"
"I must. My reputation would be forfeit if I let them go." His shoulders slumped with the truth of his words.
"Reputation be damned! If you won't help then get out! I'll free them myself." Katia shoved Nikolai hard out of the alcove. He stood motionless for a moment before walking off, leaving Bezac in his place.
Linking herself with the cranial hyperlink Katia made the chains dissolve into the wall. Plump cushions began popping up all over the room under each girl. A blazing fire rose in the middle the outer ridge of it holding large platters of food. The lights changed to a deep red igniting the room in it's warmth.
The assorted women didn't move, the stared at Katia in horror.
"Are you insane?!" A dark haired women to her left screeched. "You're going to get us all in trouble! Do you want us all to be whipped for tonights entertainment?" A duplicate of the woman began to whimper softly.
"I was trying to help, you were cold and chained...." Loosing some of the anger induced courage from before Katia began to doubt herself.
"This is a gift from The Grand Sultzan. You may eat and enjoy tonight, Katia has volunteered to take full responsibility." It was Bezac who spoke when Katia turned around she was met with the glares of a few of the girls' owners.
"Is this true Nikolai?" A giant woman with a spiky mohawk stepped forward from the crowd her deep voice carrying across the front hall silencing all conversation with it. "Your pet is letting our toys have the same freedoms as herself? And she'll be taking the consequences upon herself?"
The woman was dressed in heavy garb etched with metal that matched the metal spikes in her hair. She had a sword strapped to her hip the scabbard nearly scrapping the ground as she marched forward. As she came closer to Katia her imposing frame grew blocking out all other occupants and leaving no room to run. In that moment all Katia wanted to do was be swallowed by the ground at her feet.
"It would appear so. I hope no one is too put out at having all these gorgeous women walk amongst us for the rest of the evening?" Nikolai stood behind the giant speaking to the rest of the group.
"Here here!!" Rang out from the staircase. A slightly drunk Jurek was raising his goblet in toast. "Let's have a night with our pets! Tomorrow they can go back to being wall flowers!"
The rest of the room murmured in agreement. "Well then let's get these women in proper attire and out frolicking!" Nikolai clapped his hands together. The girls emerged in sparkling outfits of bright pastels. Pinks, yellows, blues, greens, and purples. Each bee lined to their masters side. The one who had yelled at Katia was standing next to Pavel with her head lowered. Pavel looked ready to explode.
Katia side stepped the giant woman to stand next to Nikolai. "You know alcohol usually let's people loosen up." Katia whispered loudly. In minutes the room was flooded with servants carrying trays of goblets and jugs of heavy liquor.
"You will be punished, you do know that don't you?" Turning sad eyes on her Nikolai watched her face closely.
"Oh yes master. I'm looking forward to it." Katia teasingly brushed her chest across Nikolai's arm.
"You are a troublesome minx aren't you?"
"Mmm I've learned from a very troublesome master." Smiling up at Nikolai, he looked back at her with twinkling eyes full of mirth and a soft edge that left Katia's heart throbbing with a giddyness she hadn't felt before. Her cheeks flamed red before she adverted her gaze.
"Nikolai." The giant was back. "I believe introductions are in order."
"Aw yes of course. Makisma, this is Katia. Katia, Makisma."
"A pleasure ma'am." Katia dipped her head politely.
"Hmmm. We'll see child." Watching Makisma march away Katia began to wonder how tall she was.... The ceilings were around 20 feet tall. But they looked as if they had been risen to 25.
"Twelve feet 8 inches, but if you count her Mohawk that should round her out at fourteen feet." Nikolai said.
"Not to mention her attitude." Threw back Katia.
Walking towards the dining room Katia. Noticed name cards on each plate, curiously she couldn't find hers. Grabbing her hand Nikolai pulled her down on his lap sideways with legs draped over the opposite arm of his chair. "Pets sit on laps." Katia chuckled as a delicious ache started in her sex. Dinner would be interesting.
The others filed in, those with pets had wider chairs to seat them both comfortably. Although most masters had their slave seated like Nikolai had Katia. Pavel had two cushions on either side of him, the twin brunettes sat at his left and right, one holding his dish of food the other feeding him and dabbing at his mouth with a silk napkin.
The first course was a light fruit medley that was stabbed by a tiny long spear like utensil then each fruit could be slid off into the mouth. Nikolai would take half a bite of fruit then offer the other half to Katia. Usually he'd watch her, his eyes following the movement of her lips as she accepted his offer then her tongue as she licked her lips.
By the time the second coarse was brought out Nikolai was continually adjusting his impressive member. Katia began a game of wiggling just enough to keep his member hard but not enough to draw the others' attention. A soft purring like noise came from Nikolai who repositioned her behind back enough to rub against him more fully. Her head now lay on his shoulder arching her chest up. Nikolai caught more than a few masters eyeing Katia suggestively. Clearing his throat quite loudly and scaring Katia who jumped at the noise. Her chest jiggled some moving her top in the process. Her areolas now clearly visible along with her hard nipples.
Their collective plate arrived with a beautiful arrangement of meat. Along with a slave girl from the master four seats down she bowed before whispering in Nikolai's ear. "My lord? Master Luka respectfully requests to trade slaves for this coarse." Hesitantly Nikolai agreed. Katia and the girl changed places. Nikolai held on to her hand forcing himself to let her go. Katia saucily swayed her hips as she walked away.
Master Luka was very handsome in the exact opposite way Nikolai was Brown sparkling hair, sharp green eyes, and a laughing face that was inviting. He stretched out his hand beaconing her to sit on his lap. Katia hadn't noticed but each master had a different way of sitting with their girl. This one widened his legs and moved Katia to straddle him her butt wedged in between his toned thighs. With each succulent bite he would brace the back of Katia's head and lean her back enough to drop a perfectly square piece of meat down into Katia's mouth. Luka would then have Katia feed him a piece of meet with his fork. Within a few bites Katia felt something thumping against her intimates. Looking down Katia saw a monstrous tent rhythmically jumping. Gasping Katia backed away until her rear bumped into the table.
"Shhh sh shh." Luka gripped her cheeks and pulled her flush against him rubbing their sexes together. "I'll stay inside my clothes. Just feel pet." He humped up against her drawing a gasp from her throat. "Look at your master, let him look into your eyes as you are pleasured." Katia did look to Nikolai, he had Luka's slave perched on one of his knees bouncing her lightly making her silkly skin pop out slowly from her top. His eyes though were locked on Katia.
Luka pushed against her, Nikolai's eyes blazed with hatred and arousal. Katia bit her bottom lip stopping her moan from escaping. Luka would not be denied he rubbed his head up against Katia's wet center shoving her to a height she'd never been. Just as Katia had a panicked feeling in her womanhood the third coarse was brought out along with the return of Luka's slave.
On jelly legs Katia stumbled back to Nikolai. He returned her to her reclining position. This time each leg was spread out over his knees. She was open for everyone's view. The master to Nikolai's right ogled Katia's sex and commented on her aroused state.
"I believe your pet needs tending to, might I relieve you of that task?" He made a come here motion with two of his fingers then raised those fingers to his lips in a v and cruedly flicked his tongue between the two. "Or I could assist you, Nikolai you know how much I love young ones." All black eyes stared at her, eating up each detail and storing them away for later. Katia squirmed extracting a wicked smile from him. She feared for the slave at his side who looked to be barely legal.
"Thank you PharZuph. Aren't you usually tormenting your slave by now?" Nikolai drew an arm around Katia protectively accidentally brushing against the underside of her chest. Pulling a previously stifled moan from her.
"Ha! Too right you are Nikolai! Although my slave doesn't reach her legal age for two more days. I'm forced to bottle up all my desires until she can be touched." The poor girl next to him shivered. Her delicate pink outfit making sense now. Pink like an untouched blossom. Her body was betraying her however, full womanly curves and hard nipples drew Zuph's eyes to her pelvis where she sat with her legs wide apart. Noticing eyes upon him Zuph winked at Katia, "I won't touch but I'll look my fill. And she's so good to encourage me. Aren't you Astrea?"
In answer the girl stretched her legs even wider pulling the blush colored pants tight against her weeping lips. The pants clung to her body as her moisture pooled at her juncture. Licking his lips Zuph whispered in the girl's ear, she raised her hands to her top and began to unbutton it.
"No!" Katia launched herself at Astrea halting her fingers. "You can't mean to let this innocent expose herself for everyone here?!"
"Oh I do. How can I appreciate her beauty when she's covered up? It's ludicrous to leave tonight without sharing her gorgeous physique with all in attendance. In fact I think all the pets should be relieved of their clothing." Narrowing his predatory gaze to Katia Zuph nudged Astrea back into motion.
Turning to face Nikolai, Katia hoped he'd stop this nightmare in it's tracks before the night got out of hand. "Nikolai...?"
A collective gasp then silence went up at the table, Nikolai looked startled for a brief moment before he raised his eyebrow at her. "How dare you address your master so informally!" It was Makisma who yelled across the dining room.
"I...I-I didn't mean to." Back pedaling at break neck speed Katia was grasping at any escape available, none were. Her eyes pleaded with Nikolai to get her out of her mess. It was Luka who spoke up on her behalf.
"Oh hush! You don't know what she's allowed to say or do. Perhaps Nikolai has a more lax slave protocol than you do."
"It isn't right! She shouldn't even be here! Slaves are only to be seen in the bedroom!" Makisma slammed her mammoth hand on the table nocking her food and drinks to the floor.
"Says you! My slave is allowed free range at home. She's a full member of my house hold."
"Ugh! Luka how's can you claim to be a slave owner when you treat the woman as if she was your wife." Pavel spoke from his reclined position his feet resting on the back of one slave girl while the other picked his teeth for him.
"Don't you say that! You know no slaves are allowed to marry their owner! Doesn't anyone remember what happened to Nikolai with his last slave? He marries her and what does she do? She tries to kill him! Luckily it was only 12 in the bed instead or we would've had to hold an early council! Then that whore went and hung herself! Why would we want to risk that? These rules are in place for a reason!" Makisma stood up tipping the table and spilling goblets of liquor on the waiting people below her.
Luka jumped up and began cursing Makisma his laughing face marred by the raging anger he was now possessed with. Pavel was screaming at his lovelies to clean up his stained clothing. The noise escalated into a roar, hell itself couldn't match the wailing that pierced the ears of those in the dining room. Katia sat on Nikolai's lap, barely able to keep from screaming herself.
As words formed on her tongue Katia found her voice and whispered three words, one question that burned her heart even to utter. "You were married?"