Part 9. Christmas Party Games
Chapter 20. A Formal Invitation
My once staid life with a cheating wife had altered out of all recognition since our break up. I had had an affair of sorts with an office colleague; had sex with a naked woman on a horse; filmed her and her mother naked on separate occasions, riding a saddle containing a dildo; oh, and seduced an ambivalent lesbian. It seemed that many of the values I had cherished from my upbringing had been swept away by opportunity and experience. And I had not been sorry for the compromise of some of my former values. My outlook on relationships had changed beyond all recognition.
And it had all started with Sylvia, the sort of woman I wouldn't normally look at twice. Should I be happy for having had these exhilarating experiences? I was, but they had taken their toll on my love life. No other woman showed anything like the promise of those three extraordinarily entrancing women. My fleeting experiences with them had left me lacking any enthusiasm for meeting other women. I had enjoyed thrills not given to many men in staid '80s Britain, and I could not face the mundanity of an ordinary relationship.
My daydreams were filled with erotic recollections of Sylvia, Ruby and Rita. Those memories were replenished by each fresh viewing of their freely bestowed porn videos of them in action. It might have been better if I had deleted the video files and started life afresh, for my son William's sake. I was a single parent and I felt that our partnership lacked a feminine touch. But most of all, I was feeling sorry for myself despite the richness of my sexual experiences.
I was desperate to speak to Sylvia again; to hear her voice and catch up on her new life in Brussels. Sylvia didn't want to speak to me, though. I had been told that she wanted to give her new life a fighting chance.
I telephoned Ruby instead. She had inveigled me into filming her fantasy, which had been inspired by her daughter's desire to solve her own sex problems. Ruby had used me to replicate her daughter's experience on horseback, on the slim hopes that it might bring them closer together once Sylvia viewed the tapes. That remained to be seen since neither of them had seen the very explicit videos I had shot of them naked on horseback with a dildo saddle. Sylvia was unaware of her mother's intended digital olive branch.
Ruby owed me, too. I had suffered the frustration of filming her superb, naked body under stress, and not received my reward of sampling her corporeal delights. I hoped to get an invite to do so now.
She picked up the phone.
"Hi, Ruby?"
"Hello? Oh, hi Si - er, I'll take this in the kitchen."
I heard her footsteps echo in the receiver. She must have had an unwanted audience for the telephone conversation. She picked up the kitchen extension.
"Right, now we can talk."
"Hi Ruby, is Sebastian at home?"
"Yes, he is, so we should be discreet."
Her tone was guarded
"Did you tell him about your ride?"
There was a hint of caution now in her voice.
"I did not. I thought about it, but it begged too many questions. He didn't want to meet you, remember? Whatever adventures we have, we normally have them in full view of each other. This was something I did behind his back. I didn't want to share it with him.
"So, tell me Simon, why are you calling me now?"
She sounded exasperated at the contact.
"As you know, Sylvia didn't give me any contact details. I'd like to speak her. Do you have her phone number?"
"Oh, is that all, that's fine then." She seemed relieved that the call was about her daughter.
"I do have her phone number, but she asked me specifically not to give it to you. It's quite clear that she wants to make a clean break. So I can't help you, I'm afraid."
"Oh, but can you pass on a message then, that I'd like to talk to her?"
"Icando that, but don't get your hopes up."
"Have you spoken with her recently. How is she?"
"The fact that I have her contact details doesn't mean that we're in regular contact. I haven't spoken to her in quite a while. Nor has she telephoned me. Look, Simon, I know you were good for her, but it's unlikely that she will want to speak to you in the foreseeable future."
"OK. What have you told Sebastian about me - or more specifically about our meeting?"
Her tone became more guarded now.
"I haven't, yet. I've been waiting for an opportunity in the natural course of conversation. Look, if there's any change on that front, I'll call you."
"Ruby, I rather hoped I could show you the video of your ride. It's quite something to watch, but nobody else has seen it. Can I come over and premier it with you?"
"I don't think that would be appropriate. It was an error of judgement on my part. I think you should delete it, don't you? I think we should leave it there. Please don't call again."
The line went dead. Her tone had become increasingly impersonal and dismissive as the call had progressed. Our horseback adventure had apparently counted for nothing.
I took her at her word, and crossed her off my Christmas card list.

~*~*~

It was all the more surprising therefore to receive a notelet card of a pastoral countryside scene a few weeks later. Inside was a handwritten message.
'Dear Simon, I talked the situation regarding Sylvia over with Sebastian. We had a frank and revealing discussion. I also told him something - but not all - of our horse-riding conversation. He received the news very well, in the circumstances. The upshot of the discussion was that he suggested inviting you to lunch after Christmas. I think he is intrigued enough to be willing to meet you. He wants to help find a way to mend fences with Sylvia as well. We think you can help us. We agreed on Boxing Day. We won't be entertaining any guests then. Would you oblige me and accept? I meant what I said before about not phoning me, but you can reply in writing. Best regards, Ruby.'
The note was curiously formal but informative. Would I oblige her? I must not telephone her. I should keep my distance, but I was invited to lunch on Boxing Day. It stacked up as if she was asking me to do her a favour. She expressed no desire to see me again for her own sake. And now Sebastian knew 'something', yet it wasn't clear how much. He had still agreed to me coming to Boxing Day lunch, which suggested that he was curious to meet me, or at least to learn what I knew of his step-daughter. Surely that could not be so bad? Perhaps he was intrigued about me and Sylvia? I imagined a council of war being planned about how to re-engage with their estranged daughter.
I mulled the invitation over for a couple of weeks, then broached the subject of Christmas with William's mother. She was adamant that they would celebrate Christmas with her parents "as a family". That was an ironic phrase to use, given that William and I were a family unit for most of the year, from which she had opted out as a parent. Still, it left me no good reason to refuse Ruby and Sebastian's offer. I wrote back, formally accepting the invitation.
Ruby replied a couple of weeks prior to Christmas with a note to confirm the arrangements, stating that dress would be smart casual. The tone of the note felt oddly formal and distant, even to how she addressed me, as 'Mr'.
Chapter 21. A Festive Welcome
I decided to present Sebastian, whom I had yet to meet, with a bottle of fine Napoleon brandy. For Ruby, I selected a fancy box of expensive chocolates, and a winter bouquet. From what Sylvia had told me about them I expected smart casual to mean impeccable clothing. I rang the bell feeling somewhat over-dressed, and not because they were nudists.
She opened the door dressed in a housecoat and apron. It seemed that I might indeed be over-dressed.
"I'm so pleased you could come, Simon," she said, her manner distant and formal. "Please excuse my outfit, but I prefer to dress suitably whilst cooking. I will change for lunch."
I presented her with the flowers and chocolates, and she led me into the kitchen. Sebastian stood at a sink in an island kitchen unit, apparently preparing vegetables. He was casually dressed, also with an apron around his waist, over a shirt and jeans. I felt as if wasn't being treated as a lunch guest as much as an informal caller. It felt welcomingly low key. He approached with outstretched hand.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Simon. You won't be surprised to learn that I've heard a lot about you, from Ruby and Rita - all good, I might add." We shook hands. His grip was firm and he stared me out with piercing eyes.
Sebastian was undeniably handsome: early fifties, tall, impressive physique, with a healthy tan. Like Ruby, he appeared not to have an ounce of excess fat. He carried himself with an air of confidence and bonhomie.
"I'm just topping and tailing the sprouts then I'll be finished. Ruby, why don't you open a bottle of bubbly, to whet our wicks?"
Rock music played at low volume from a radio on a light oak dresser. The kitchen was a large and impressive space of exposed red bricks and aged oak beams. It was large and well furnished with dressers, hand-crafted wall cupboards and worktops, a large elm round table and matching chairs, all resting on an ancient red tiled floor. A feature of the room was a large chimney breast within which a large wood burner with a glass front pumped out furnace-grade heat. Illumination was by a combination of recessed ceiling lights and table lamps on various cupboard surfaces. Despite its great size, the room felt cosy and intimate.
Ruby smiled weakly, politely rather than warmly. "Did you have a good Christmas, Simon?"
I shrugged, perhaps a little off-handedly. "Thank you. I dined at a pub with some friends. My son stayed with his mother's family."
"Oh, that's a shame, but at least it gives you time off to yourself."
She chatted politely but inconsequentially until Sebastian pronounced his chores finished. Then she shooed us both out of the kitchen, saying, "Give the cook room; go and occupy yourselves in the lounge."
Sebastian led the way.
"She's quite a woman, isn't she? Just wait 'til you see her dressed up."
The lounge was a large, mostly modern addition to the farmhouse, consisting of an existing room of rough plastered walls inset with hefty darkened oak beams, and a modern extension with two sets of tri-fold doors onto a well-groomed rear garden. This room, too, had a large fireplace, with a lustily burning open fire sitting on an ancient tiled hearth.
"This is a fine house, Sebastian. Has it been in your family long?"
He smiled proudly. "Centuries. We did well to hold onto our wealth during Cromwell's time, being staunch Catholics."
I admired the spaciousness of the lounge. "How did you get planning permission for the extension?"
"Didn't need it, then. The room was first extended before the War. I just modernised it later."
The room was zoned, by careful arrangement of three long sofas positioned on three sides facing the fire; an adjoining entertainments area with more sofas and easy chairs; a large glass-fronted drinks cabinet and a bar; and a large, lacquered cherry wood dining table and traditional style chairs.
The floor was plushly carpeted in a light neutral colour, with sockets inset strategically under polished brass flaps. The room was impressive in scale, yet the various zones felt intimate. That was because of the way that they had been laid out as discrete areas, with zonal lighting from lamps on occasional tables.
"This is where we do most of our entertaining. You'll see in the panelled ceiling, an inset panel. If I press this remote control ... a section of the panels withdraw into a recess and a screen descends. We watch widescreen movies on it from a projector, which comes down from another ceiling recess behind us. I won't disturb its slumber just now.
"But our allotted men's task for now is to move the dining table and chairs out of the way, to that back wall over there. The table comes apart in sections, but we should be careful not to mark its surface. There are protective covers folded up on the chairs in which to wrap the table sections."
I looked around. "Where will we take lunch, then?"
He smiled knowingly. "Ruby has been planning this for weeks, from before you accepted our lunch invitation. Under that large cover over there, near the tri-fold doors, is her brainchild, to create a special atmosphere for lunch.
"What did you think of the lunch invitation?"
"Er, it looked very professionally produced. It must have cost something to have it printed just for us."
"Ah, that's it, Ruby did it all. Look on the walls. The artwork is all hers. She has her own art and design studio upstairs under the eaves. We hold regular dinner parties. She produces bespoke game cards and props that look good enough to be sold in shops. But we live comfortably so she doesn't need to earn her own money. She keeps herself busy anyway.
"Now, we have an hour before lunch to get the room ready, so we should start by dismantling the main table."
As we laboured, Sebastian plied me with questions about Sylvia.
How did she first receive you as her new boss? Was she depressed at all in the office? What was your first reaction to her? What attracted you to her? What do you think of her figure?
We had drunk enough champagne by then to loosen our tongues, so his questions didn't disturb me. His questioning was direct and probing - and quite intimate at times. He assured me that he and Ruby had lived with Sylvia's mental health issues for years, and got to know them intimately. She had had a period of severe depression before meeting me.
His occasional observations suggested great concern for her state of mind. But he was also aware of his own effect on her.
"She struggled as a child growing up. She had a low self-image. So when her body started to fill out, she was embarrassed and she retreated into a shell. This began before I knew her and Ruby. I don't know the full history with her uncle and father, but it undoubtedly impaired her mental well-being. The rest you know: her problems with her loathsome husband, her libido, frustrations, etcetera.
"She left home as soon as she legally could. We saw little of her until she met you. She was keen to establish contact with us then, for a while. That's how we deduced that you were having a beneficial influence on her. Her spirits were much improved. Tell me, Simon, what did you see in her?"
That question would have ordinarily seemed unduly personal and intimate, but I was getting to know Sebastian. I was surprised to find him so likeable and compassionate, particularly as regards Sylvia's welfare.
"I know what you're alluding to. I thought her quite plain looking at first sight. I suspected that she dressed intentionally to keep men at bay. I had no inkling that she had such a good figure. That was, until she turned up at an evening foursome badminton game in the most unbelievably brief, tight badminton shorts. She told me later that she had dressed to impress me, and that it had been for 'my eyes only'. She confided all in Rita, whom I think you know, so I suspect you know the rest."
"Um, perhaps. She refused to discuss her 'psychosexual problems', so Ruby and I sought specialist advice. The psychologist thought, theoretically, that it was possibly a phase from which she might grow out in time. Bizarrely, we were urged to support her, including facilitating her sexual openness. I broached the subject on one occasion, only for her to storm out, declaring me to be a pervert."
We were treading on dangerous ground, but I was keen to find out what her knew of her history before he met Ruby.
"She confided in me that she had had problems with her mother growing up. What do you know about that?"
Sebastian's face went blank. He wasn't aware of that, but his expression showed interest in learning more. I had gone too far to stop there.
"She told me that she heard her parents many times, having sex very noisily. The walls of their house must have been very thin. It frightened her because she thought he was being violent to Ruby. I got the impression that it contributed to her fears about sex. You must know of her difficulties in that respect, which Alfie only compounded by his thoughtless and selfish abuse of her body."
Sebastian looked startled by my revelation. He sat down heavily on a dining chair and uttered a very expressive, "Phew! That indeed explains a lot, but why did she keep it from her mother?"
"I didn't know that she had. I suspect she believed that Ruby enjoyed being the victim of sexual violence; a concept so horrifying to her that she couldn't bring herself to discuss it with her mother. It took her a while to confide in me. Even Rita didn't know about it. Sylvia talked a great deal about trust, and that she felt uniquely that she could trust in me."
Sebastian was puzzled. "Why was that?"
"I can only guess. You probably know now, or can suspect, that she set out to seduce me. She found it hard work because I wanted to be faithful to my cheating wife. But Sylvia succeeded in arousing my interest, so she grew to believe that she knew me well enough to trust me."
Another voice intruded.
"You two shouldn't be sitting about gassing. What about the dining table?"
Sebastian leapt up guiltily, and turned. I stared - we both stared.
Ruby had changed into a glittering dark blue cocktail dress. It had an impressively revealing low-cut top, revealing her magnificently deep cleavage and much of two very naturally shaped orbs. It clung to her waist, and pear-shaped hips, but with a split overlapping front from the waist, the two sides cutaway to expose her right thigh and lower legs. The colour of her outfit went well with her hazel hair and matching eyes.
"Do you like my dress? I bought it especially for today."
Sebastian chuckled with pleasure. "You look captivating, darling. Keeping secrets from me?"
She glared at me, demanding an explanation. Had I been telling tales?
I ignored her unspoken query. "Should I be complimenting the hostess openly in front of her partner? Well, ok, your dress looks absolutely stunning. You're a very sexy lady, Ruby."
Sebastian chuckled again.
"That's my boy, tell it how it is. We're all adults here. Now, we better get on with preparing the new dining table."
Ruby led the way across the room to the covered item of furniture. My eyes followed her curvaceous bottom as she walked; its pleasing shape was highlighted by the tightness of the dress across her hips. It had an open back down to her waist, which didn't allow for a bra to be worn. That was all woman under there. I wondered whether she had even allowed room for panties.
She gathered parts of the table cover in each hand and pulled it away with a flourish, like a magician.
Sebastian clapped enthusiastically. I just stood motionless with my mouth gaping. Ruby had evidently been very busy organising this lunch event.
The replacement table was large and circular, its top made entirely of glass, and resting on small circular light grey discs that topped slender tubular stainless-steel legs. One table leg was positioned next to an inset socket in the carpet. Placed equidistantly around the table were four clear Perspex chairs, with small seat cushions on top.
She stroked the glass surface lovingly with her fingertips. "I've always wanted a table setting to be minimalist. So, I plan not to have any unnecessary clutter on this one for this meal. Can you both bring in some side tables from the kitchen and place them near the windows, please?"
I left the room with my head spinning. From a distance the table was virtually invisible, save for its thin steel legs. It occurred to me that I would be able to admire Ruby's legs through the transparent table top as we dined. I chided myself for such saucy thoughts, but perhaps that was the intention?
Sebastian and I positioned the side tables close to the patio doors, then laid out the dinnerware in neat piles on them. Everything was transparent, apart from the cutlery. The plates were clear Crystal d'Arc, the cups and saucers were Pyrex, and the drinkware was plain crystal glass.
Ruby sighed, "It's a pity that the napkins cannot also be transparent. Now we wait for one o'clock. Lunch will be served on time, not before."
I couldn't help thinking that she was transforming furniture transparency into an art form.
It was ten minutes to the hour. I was just noticing that there were four sets of everything when the doorbell rang. It was actually the peal of a real bronze bell hung in the hallway, which was activated by a pull chain in the porch. Sebastian went to answer the front door. Ruby fetched herself an empty glass and asked me to serve her some bubbly. We clinked glasses, then turned as the door to the hallway opened. Sebastian strolled in, smiling. "Just a few more minutes," he said, to Ruby.
My money was on it being Rita, invited to make up a foursome. If so, how much had she told them about our viewing of the porn videos? And where had she gone after her arrival?
"So we're not a three for lunch," I queried.
Sebastian shook his head. "No, we invited someone you know, to stop you feeling outnumbered. She's just gone to freshen up and change out of her travelling clothes."
That confirmed my supposition. My stomach lurched as I recalled our one and only meeting, soon to be followed by a stiffening in my trousers. Ruby stared at the revealing bulge, a ghost of a smile chasing across her lovely face. It was the first hint of a defrosting attitude towards me.
Almost precisely on one o'clock the lounge door opened again. The woman standing in the lounge doorway was dressed every bit as sexily as Ruby, but it wasn't Rita.
Sylvia stood there, dressed in a metallic pink sequinned minidress with stringy shoulder straps and a V neck front. It clung to her body like a second skin and squeezed her breasts together in a stunning cleavage. Her feet were clad in strappy nude sandals without sides, and five-inch heels. The short dress barely covered her bottom, leaving a vast expanse of flesh on display.
My stomach lurched again, but this time was joined by my suddenly pounding heart.
Her eyes swept the room, then alighted on me. "Simon, what are you doing here?" There was no emotion in her flat voice, certainly no welcoming tone.
But when she turned to face her mother, she gave her an accusing look. It saddened me to see her hostile reaction.
Ruby went to mollify her with outstretched arms.
"Sylvia, darling, I'm so glad you came. You look very sexy."
"Thank you, Momma. You look devastatingly sexy as always. Is that for the benefit of our guest?" She threw me a reproachful glance.
Sebastian headed over to kiss her cheek, but her eyes remained fixed on mine.
"Why did you invite him?"
Ruby frowned. "Oh, Sylvie, I thought you'd be pleased about the surprise. I know you said before that you didn't want to make contact with Simon, but we needed a fourth for lunch. I couldn't think of a more appropriate guest for you. You have a lot of catching up to do."
I headed across to offer her a peck on the cheek. She tilted her cheek forward, so that I need not make contact with any other part of her body.
"I'm very happy to see you, Sylvia," I said. "I hope my presence won't make you uncomfortable. You look fabulous, by the way."
"Well, now we can start," announced Ruby. She showed Sylvia her new dining table, and explained the minimalist concept for the meal. Sylvia let out a dry chuckle, but didn't share her thoughts. Then Ruby and Sebastian made a strategic decision to go to the kitchen. I poured Sylvia some champagne. She took the glass grudgingly.
"Did you fly in this morning? Surely you didn't travel in that dress?"
She considered the question for a moment then smiled faintly in mild embarrassment. "No, I wore normal travel clothes. I freshened up just now and changed. To be honest, I wasn't sure what the dress code was going to be so Momma said she would sort me out something. And this is what she thought appropriate. At least it's better than being naked. That prospect was on the cards as well. I can't imagine why she wanted me to dress like this."
"Your mother chose that? Is it something you'd normally wear?"
"No, never. But I looked at myself in the mirror and I must confess, I liked it. I assumed it was to show off my body to Sebastian. Momma's style and tastes have changed. Life with Sebastian has altered her, probably for the better."
"Look, Sylvia, about me being here. I asked Ruby for your contact details because I was desperate to hear your voice again. She said you would not want me to have your number. Then, later, she invited me to lunch for today. She must have wanted us to get together again."
Sylvia ignored that comment. Instead she asked, "Did you find a new girlfriend?"
"No, I didn't. I lacked the motivation. I kept myself sane looking at those videos."
Her eyes widened. "So you kept them? You didn't bring them with you, did you?"
"Actually, I did, on impulse, though I'm not sure why. I couldn't imagine Ruby wanting to see them."
I lied about that. I had been fantasising about Ruby getting turned on as she watched them. Somehow, my fantasy had erased Sebastian from the scene.
"The mother I knew would never watch porn. But then she would never have worn a sexy gown like hers today. I can't believe it's just for Sebastian's benefit. How did she seem to you?
I considered telling her about my horse ride with 'Momma' but decided against it. Something wasn't stacking up about this lunch party.
Sylvia changed the subject. "Are you staying overnight?"
"I don't know. I came prepared, but the matter wasn't discussed."
"Well, there's plenty of room - six bedrooms."
"Ah, but we'd only need one."
"Don't get your hopes up. My 'treatment' hasn't progressed since I left England. I decided to give up on sex."
"Oh? Has that worked well?"
"I have my fantasies. I suppose you don't need to fantasise, what with those videos to slaver over."
"Sylvia, your words hurt me. I could pull out my cock now and masturbate on you at the mere sight of your body in that stunning outfit. Would you accept my semen as an aperitif?"
She glared at me. She had quite mislaid her vein of near-the knuckle humour somewhere along the way.
Sounds behind us announced the return of her mother and stepfather. Sebastian had changed into a tartan kilt, of all things, with a short olive-green jacket and matching waistcoat. He wore black patent leather slip-on shoes with buckles, and long, light brown socks with green flashes.
With my shirt, pullover and casual slacks I felt inappropriately over-dressed in this glamorous family's company.
Ruby was pushing a heated hostess trolley in from the kitchen, containing hot food. She placed the dinner plates inside it, to warm, and positioned it beside the distant side tables. She motioned for Sebastian to plug it into a floor socket.
Then she turned to us holding an ornately decorated cardboard box in her hands, seemingly produced from nowhere. She removed the lid and seemingly offered me the first choice of the contents. They looked like very professional-looking handmade Christmas crackers. [For the uninitiated, crackers are traditional British Christmas table decorations containing a mildly explosive banger pull strip, small gifts, party hats and jokey mottoes, all enclosed within a long cardboard tube. The tubes are wrapped in colourful, patterned tissue paper, often with gaily decorated labels attached. The tissue paper is twisted at each end to resemble an outsize bonbon sweet wrapper.]
I stared at them just long enough for her to raise one slightly to suggest that I select it. Her face wore an enigmatic smile. She handed another one each to Sylvia and Sebastian, and took the last one for herself. She discarded the empty box tidily out of sight. The crackers were anything but minimalist.
"Now, as I explained before, the theme of this meal is minimalism, which means the least clutter possible on the table at any time, and no discarded rubbish. There's a discreet bin by the side tables for our non-food rubbish. I see Simon that you're wearing trousers. We have a tradition at Christmas and New Year that the men wear kilts. Sebastian's family have an ancient Scottish heritage that has been celebrated down the ages. He will take you upstairs to select a suitable kilt to wear. It will add to the fun and spice of the Boxing Day celebrations.
I stared at her in surprise. Her expression was deadpan. It gave no inkling of what fun and spice she had in mind. I shrugged and let Sebastian lead the way.
As we climbed the stairs he explained, "The men often wear kilts for dinner parties. We find it helps to mellow the atmosphere for new guests; takes them out of their comfort zones, you know? Ruby likes to organise, and ensure that her dinner parties are fun from the outset. This isn't a party, though."
My thoughts drifted back to Ruby's mention on a previous occasion of sex parties. I got an instant erection, something of a problem when about to be fitted for a kilt.
I chose a green tartan from a substantial collection. Sebastian frowned disapprovingly when I donned it and professed myself ready to join the ladies. He delivered a mild rebuke in a faux Scottish rebuke. "Ye cannae wear pants under a kilt, ye ken."
His accent may have been jokey, but his intent was clear.
I sighed and went commando. An incautious thought intruded: I wonder whether the ladies were commando under their tight, stretchy dresses. A limitation of being commando under a kilt became immediately obvious. The front tented.
Sebastian chuckled. "That often happens, ye ken."
Chapter 19. Lunch With Side Orders
We rejoined the ladies, who were talking in subdued tones, but stopped when we re-entered the lounge.
Ruby beamed at my exposed knees. "That's better. I expect you feel different already. Believe me, it's liberating for men.
Sylvia merely sniggered, but that was an improvement on her initial hostility.
Ruby suggested we eat. "Let's sit at the table. I shall sit with my back to the winter sun so that you can't see my laughter lines. Sebastian, you and Sylvia sit at right angles to me, so that we can hold hands in a family toast. Simon can be our witness.
The arrangement seemed logical, although I didn't understand the toast's purpose. Ruby's motive would later begin to clarify.
The first course was turkey and stuffing broth, basically liquidised Christmas lunch. Sebastian served it into bowls at the table. Ruby fussed about, first laying rounded place mats to protect the table glass top, then making sure that we would sip the soup carefully, so as not to spill it. The broth was surprisingly tasty with a herb infusion and thick soured cream on top. It was served with a classy, fruity white wine.
We were all getting into a party mood. The conversation positively flowed. I could not help but notice that Ruby and Sylvia were both showing a great deal of leg under the table. Being able to see it through the transparent surface was surprisingly erotic.
When the bowls were cleared away, Ruby suggested, "So shall we pull the crackers?"
They were lying next to each of our places on the table.
Sebastian and Ruby each pulled the other's cracker, whilst Sylvia and I pulled ours. There were noisy clatters as the contents fell out onto the glass surface.
I was impressed. "These look great. Where did you find them?"
Ruby beamed. "I made them myself. I make all our Christmas and birthday cards. I also make the materials for party games at our regular dinners."
"She's very good," Sebastian added. "They all look very professional. A lot of thought goes into them, but I never get a look-in until she presents them at the party."
The contents of each cracker consisted of a crepe paper crown, a miniature plastic bottle with a colourful label, containing a mysterious liquid, a few Quality Street sweets, and a small folded piece of paper with what I assumed to bear a motto. Ruby beamed as we each in turn read the labels of the miniature bottles.
Sylvia said, "Mine's Cherry Red. It's a clear liquid with a maroon-ish colour. You didn't make this Momma. Where did you get it?"
Ruby put a finger to her lips in a can't or won't tell gesture.
Sebastian harrumphed, "Mine is light blue; it's called Arctic freeze; positively chilling."
Ruby was next. "I gave myself this deep red liquid, called Devil's Magic."
Sylvia looked at her suspiciously. "Has this all been staged?"
Ruby pretended to be offended. "You might say stage managed, but there is a random element to it, as you will see. There are three small woven baskets on a side table, with instructions to select unseen. They determine how the liquids should be used. I devised the contents, but selection of the participants is random."
She looked at me. "Simon, it's your turn to reveal yours."
"My liquid is amber coloured; it's called Stimuoil. What does it do?"
Ruby gave an enigmatic smile. "That's for you to find out, all in good time.
"Now, let's get into the party spirit. Sebastian, refresh the glasses, darling, then let's toast to the occasion, and to family."
Sebastian refilled our glasses. He took Ruby's hand, and she took Sylvia's hand. He made the toast, "To family, may we always keep in touch, and foster friendship." That was harmless enough.
The three of them held hands but hadn't sought mine. Perhaps Ruby placed us as she did for a genuine reason. I just happened to be seated opposite her and constantly getting distracted by sights of her exposed thighs and generous cleavage.
Ruby addressed me. "Talking of families, I understand how much you love your son. It must be difficult to celebrate Christmas without him. What about your parents?"
I shrugged non-committally. "They've passed on. I'll probably get to have Christmas with William next year. We might go to my elder sister's house. Family is important. When you have one, it's worth cherishing. Another toast: I wish all three of you all the best for the future."
"Fine!" declared Sebastian as he drained his glass. "So let's lift the mood and read out these suspect mottoes. Sylvia, why don't you start?"
She giggled. "It looks like a joke. I'm not good with jokes, but here goes - at least I've got nobody else's to beat :
"Sylvia comes home after thirty years away. Sebastian is overjoyed. "Oh Sylvia, it's been so long. I'm getting old and infirm. I thought I'd never see you again. What've you been doing?
Oh, Sebby, I'm a prostitute. [what?!!]
Sebastian roars furiously, 'Eh? You're what? You're a disgrace to this family. You had the nerve to come home just to tell us that? Get out, I never want to see you again!'
Sylvia stutters, 'But I only came to give Ruby this diamond necklace and a £3million Aston Martin Valkyrie sports car. I brought you a present as well, of a million Apple shares' certificates, and this £5million Bugatti Mistral.'
Sebastian looks confused. "What did you say you did again?"
Sylvia sobbed, 'I'm a prostitute.'
"Oh thank goodness!" he exclaimed. "I thought you said you're a Protestant."
The punchline was so unexpected that it took we other three by surprise. We all found it hilariously funny and laughed. But Sylvia still gave Ruby a reproachful look. "Of all the scenarios, me - a sex worker!"
Ruby looked to Sebastian, but he shook his head. "Ladies first."
Ruby gave a nervous cough, then began.
"Doctor Sebastian has a bad habit. He feels compelled to fuck his patients -"
"What?" Sylvia interrupted. "Momma, whenever did you start using language like that?"
"I'll continue: In his declining years he gets remorse. A voice in his head says you'll get found out; you'll be sued; you'll go to prison. He's having panic attacks, and can't sleep.
Then another voice cuts in. You're not the first doctor to fuck his patients. You've never been caught. You've had a good life. You should relish your memories.
Then the first voice cuts back in. You should be ashamed of yourself, you're a veterinarian!"
There was a pause, before I saw the joke and started the laughter. It was all the funnier for coming from Ruby's lips. Apparently, she wasn't averse to recycling bawdy humour.
"Simon, yours is short and sweet."
I read it through to myself, to ensure I could read it effectively, made sure I'd understood it, then launched away.
"Donald Trump's attorney has to give him some very bad news. 'You've been caught taking women into the oval office to fuck them. They say they've got evidence on camera of you fucking a Brazilian. Trump pauses, looking confused, then smiles. 'How many's a brazillion?'
Sebastian was delighted. "How topical!" He had to explain it to Sylvia, though.
He looked at Ruby. "That just leaves me. What words are you putting in my mouth, my darling?
"Well, here goes, ahem:
Simon comes to Sebastian to ask him about sex.
Sebastian sits him down and says, 'Young man, there's five ages of sex:
The first is Smurf Sex. This happens when you first meet. You're both insatiable. You keep
doing it until you're blue in the face.
The second age is Kitchen Sex. This is at the beginning of the marriage You'll have sex anywhere, anytime, especially in the kitchen.
The third kind is Bedroom Sex. You've calmed down a bit, perhaps have kids, so you have to do it in the bedroom, but not so often.
The fourth kind is Hallway Sex. This is where you pass each other in the hallway and say, 'Fuck you!'
Then there's the fifth kind: Courtroom Sex. This is when you get divorced and your wife screws you in front of everyone in the courtroom."
Sylvia chuckled, then smiled dryly at him. "What about Boxing Day sex, when Ruby gets to fuck the guests?"
I was shocked at the pointed reference, which could hardly be misunderstood. I glanced at Ruby. She was leaning on the table resting her upper body on her elbows, staring at me. One hand was inside her dress, massaging a breast. She started, guiltily as she realised that she'd been rumbled. Sylvia stared at her in exasperation. Was there something I was missing?
Chapter 23. Not The Main Course
The main course came next. Would this be the pièce de resistance? Ruby announced it as if apologising.
"We have our traditions. Boxing Day means Bubble and Squeak, with the leftovers from Christmas lunch."
Sebastian joined in support.
"The only way I know to do justice to sprouts - obliterate them in a frying pan!"
Ruby shot him a testy look. "Help yourselves and ignore this philistine."
It was beautifully prepared. The bubble and squeak was pan-fried vegetable leftovers from the Christmas lunch, mixed with onions and spices and lardons, and crisped into a large, thick vegetable patties. Alongside it were fresh, crispy roasted King Edward potatoes, slices of pink roast beef, roasted carrots and more parsnips. Gravy was optional.
It tasted far better than perhaps the description implied. The conversation sparkled as we ate, ranging from Donald Trump to current military conflagrations.
From time to time, I caught Ruby's eyes. She responded every time with a gesture, such as stroking a nipple through her dress, licking the tip of a finger, or shifting a foot under the table. It made me glance down through the transparent glass every time. There was enough reflected light to show the exposed flesh of her thighs and legs through the parted front of the dress material. I thought my imagination may have been playing tricks, but I saw what I supposed to be a glimpse of a red rose attached to her panties at the furthest shadowy reaches of the dress's split.
When the plates had been cleared and the table top made pristine again, Ruby suggested a game. Sebastian opened two bottles of very pricey and drinkable Beaujolais Nouveau, stating that, "a light red wine raises the spirits without paralysing the muscles."
Ruby produced two small woven wicker baskets and a dice.
"The game is simple. It's called 'Have You Ever'. Now that our tongues have been loosened, I think we can relax our inhibitions some more. Are you okay with that, darling?"
She was looking at Sylvia. Her daughter returned her look with a stare of defiance, though to what I could not be sure.
There appeared to be layers to their relationship, which Ruby was peeling back that afternoon. It had started with her producing the clothes for Sylvia to change into on arrival. The tight, minimalist dress that showed a great deal of Sylvia's captivating thighs, and barely there nude effect cutaway-sided sandals, reeked of erotic allure. I struggled to understand a mother dressing her daughter so provocatively. I had flashes of arousal every time I glanced at Sylvia tugging at the minidress hem under the table. I was disappointed that she did not want us to see her panties. Was this lunch not supposed to be suggestive?
The crackers had indeed been mildly suggestive, though we had yet to use the colourful liquids in the miniature bottles to discover their full potential - or was that potency?
Now, with this game, Ruby was testing the limits of her daughter's tolerance.
Sylvia gave her a nervous smile of acquiescence.
Encouraged, Ruby continued.
"We take it in turns to pick out a phrase from this wicker basket. Read it out loud and give your answer, but it must be truthful. At least one other of us will know if it's a lie. Then, forfeits will be applied.
"I will assign us all with a number, from 1 to 4. Sylvia, you will be one, me two, Sebastian, three and Simon four."
She tossed the dice. It landed showing four. She pushed the basket across the table to me. I selected a folded slip of paper and prepared to read it.
Chapter 24. A Broad on the Broads
"Read it out loud!"
That demand was from Sylvia, who was clearly now buying into the game since I was now the focus.
"It reads, er, have you ever had sex on a first date? What? That's a bit personal."
Sebastian chuckled. "We're all grown-ups here; don't be prudish."
That sounded odd, coming from him, who had initially seemed so debonair and respectable. Maybe I had summed him up wrongly.
"OK, er, the answer is yes."
There was a pause, broken by Sylvia. "Is that all? Tell us more - how did it happen, how many times?"
I shot her an irritated glance. I wished I hadn't answered in the affirmative. Noe of them would have been any the wiser. All three were staring at me. Ruby had exposed a nipple and was flicking it distractingly with her thumb. Goodness knows what was going through her mind. My cock stiffened under the kilt at her outrageous provocation.
"Ok, the story concerns a young woman who responded to my dating advert with an email. Sylvia does not know about this. The young woman and I told each other something about ourselves on the phone. The young lady was over twenty years younger than me, but said that she fancied older men. She had been the PA to a Managing Director. They had an affair, which ended when she left with a debilitating condition of the wrists.
"We met at a riverside pub in Norfolk, near her home. I didn't intend to seduce her. In fact, I didn't, by any legal definition. We were thrown together physically and it - just happened."
I sat back and folded my arms. All three stared at me. Then a chorus of loud voices shrilled in my ears.
"How did it happen?"
"You can't leave it there."
"You're supposed to make the answer sexy."
"There's no point being prudish now!"
That was four comments. Someone had had two attempts at a complaint. I surrendered to their blandishments.
"She was a petite, natural blonde with a crew cut hair style. She was very pretty, tanned, wearing a fitted minidress and boots - yes, warm for July but very sexy - and she was very smiley. She flirted with me from the start. We sat in a pub garden alongside the River Bure. We talked over an early evening pub meal.
"I think that she had a father fixation, and had recently ended an affair with her boss who was a company director. She turned me on, but I was appalled at the thought of dating someone so much younger. I plied her with questions to check whether she really wanted an older man like me. She seemed too good a prospect to be real.
"But she was resolute. We got on very well, and stayed there chatting and drinking for hours. She suggested a coffee to finish, but not at the pub. Seeing the dangers of going to her house, I declined. Then she asked me to show her my boat, which was moored in a marina on the Broads near Norwich. I agreed because I thought I would be in control of the situation there.
"It was dark by the time we arrived at the marina. The pontoons were well lit. I opened up the boat and led the way down four steep steps into the saloon. I stared up at her tanned bare legs as she gingerly came down the steps. I knew then that I would have an internal mental battle on my hands not to strip her and reveal her young, firm, tanned body to my hungry gaze. I started boiling an electric kettle. Suddenly the saloon lights went out. She shrieked. I remember saying in the dark, "This isn't what it seems. I should have had plenty of juice left on the meter. I'll go and check the connection."
I moved, and bumped into her in the pitch blackness. She was standing in my path. Our bodies met face to face. I froze, afraid that she would scream. But instead she raised a leg against my hip. It felt astonishingly sexy in the darkness. My hand went automatically to her bottom, and I was lost. It found her raised thigh instead, and from there it was but a few inches to her panty-less crotch. My finger was touching her moist pussy lips. In the pitch blackness, in my imagination, the whole world seemed to consist of that warm, wet pussy.
"The sensation galvanised her. She grabbed frenziedly at my tee shirt in the darkness. I let her yank it off me. Then she removed my jeans and pants. I was totally naked. She pressed her body against mine in the absolute blackness. It felt stunningly firm and curvy. I sensed her raising her arms above her head. I got the message and lifted her minidress up her torso and off her arms. My hands returned to her body. The dress had been all that she was wearing. She was naked in my arms. Her body felt incredibly arousing in the darkness: warm, firm, pert, with definite curves.
"You can't imagine what it felt like to explore an unfamiliar naked female body by hands alone. They became my eyes. Every contour of her slim body felt amplified by the sense of touch alone. Every part of her felt perfectly shaped and desirable. She had lovely, firm young breasts. There wasn't an ounce of surplus fat I could find on her smooth flesh. I was in seventh heaven.
"She flung her arms around my neck and lifted her spread legs to my hips. As she hung from me, my cock found its way unerringly to her wide-open pussy. We fucked like animals, then we lay in each other's arms on a long bench settee, and talked, getting to know each other. She seemed deliriously happy at meeting me. I thought I must be dreaming. She surely couldn't possibly be real?
"Finally, I said I must investigate why the power had gone off, if only to prove that I hadn't planned the whole seduction routine. I climbed outside and stepped off the boat, onto the pontoon. I discovered the cause of the blackout. My neighbour across the pontoon had swapped leads to our adjoining meters. I had marked mine. I switched them back. My boat lights came back on. There was a crashing sound in the adjoining boat.
My date had followed me up onto the pontoon, peering round my shoulder. An angry man popped his head out of a deck hatch and challenged me. I gave as good as I got, accusing him of stealing my electricity. I said I would report him in the morning, and that he'd probably be kicked off the marina. Only when he shut the hatch with bad grace did I realise that she and I were both naked on the jetty. Her body looked fantastic under the artificial marina lights."
Sylvia was excited. "Wow, you never told me that before."
"There's a lot I haven't told you."
Ruby was looking flushed.
"That was a long story, but absolutely captivating, no need for more. I think we should move the games up a notch."
Chapter 25. Prude scrabble
Sebastian suggested a word game with a twist.
"It's Prude Scrabble, only it isn't for prudes. Just like ordinary scrabble, except that all the words chosen must have an erotic or suggestive meaning, in British usage. The player must justify their chosen word if challenged. Only fair challenges will be accepted. The other players must adjudicate on the word or the challenge."
Ruby agreed with the proposal. "We've played Prude Scrabble successfully on many occasions. It's a good ice breaker with new guests, provided they're broad minded.
"But since our ice has already been broken, I suggest that any unsuccessful word proposer or challenger should lose a group of items of clothing, of the other's choosing. Agreed?"
Sebastian and I nodded. After all, we both wanted those female bodies naked as quickly as possible. I couldn't quite believe I had been invited to this erotic occasion.
Sylvia objected.
"It's not fair to ask me to strip off in front of you all."
Ruby smiled at her tolerantly.
"Everybody here has seen you naked before. Sebby and I are nudists, for goodness' sake. Simon is the only stranger to some of us, and he's agreed to play."
Sylvia pouted. "He would, to get a good look at your naked body."
Ruby gasped with surprise. I gave her a quick glance. Her expression was inscrutable.
"So that's settled, then. We score, and anyone who is unable to go loses five points. Every multiple minus score of ten means losing a group of items of clothing as well."
"Simon, you can start."
"Er, I'm confused, what's a group of items of clothing?"
Ruby smiled saucily. "I'm sure you've noticed that Sylvia and I are at a clothing disadvantage. I won't say how many items I'm wearing but it's far less than you men. So for you males, your top and bottom halves count as one item each. Oh, and socks can't be left on, on their own."
We took turns for the starter, and I took seven letter tiles from the bag. I lined them up on my rack: N Q T A U C F. I had a word. It stuck out like a sore thumb. But it wasn't one I ever used. I groaned at my dilemma.
Sylvia was suddenly intensely involved. "Can't you go?"
"I can, actually, but I'd prefer not to. Well, here goes anyway, with apologies for any offence caused."
I laid out four tiles : C U N T, laying them down sequentially in reverse order from the T moving leftwards, so as to postpone the dreadful moment of revelation.
There was a collective intake of breath from the other three.
Sebastian commented, "Well, Simon's off and running. That's quite a lucky start."
Sylvia shot me a reproving glance. "I thought you never used bad language!"
Play moved to the left. Sebastian chuckled and added I and T vertically to my existing T, spelling TIT, and claiming another double word score.
An argument followed about whether he could re-use my double score. He lost and Ruby insisted that he remove his top (jacket, waistcoat, shirt, and tie) for a rule infringement.
Sebastian had an impressive figure, broad shoulders, muscular, tanned. Both ladies openly admired him. I felt pangs of inferiority.
Play continued but with few disputes. I lost my tops as well.
Then Sebastian placed an A and S above another S.
Sylvia challenged on the grounds that ASS wasn't rude or sexy enough. A show of hands determined that it was an American word for bottom, which was extremely sexy on most women. Sebastian elected for his stepdaughter to remove her top. She hesitated, staring at his and my chests, obviously regarding that as not a fair equivalence. Then she sighed, stood up and lifted the minidress off her head with a pout.
Sebastian and I both uttered guttural noises, mine a sort of growl. It had been all that she was wearing. Her mother had not furnished her with any panties. Sylvia was naked, but for her barely there sandals. Her breasts were larger than I remembered. They were also perfectly shaped, being rounded with just the right amount of sag to confirm that they were natural. Their large light brown areolae surrounded two large bullet shaped nipples.
I sighed inwardly, but Sebastian growled openly with appreciation.
Sylvia sat down again and clamped her thighs together, but there was no hiding even in the low light under the table, the erotic vision of her naked body, clearly on display through the table top glass.
Ruby leant to her side and I heard a switch flick. The area below the table was suddenly bathed in a warm, soft light, that perfectly illuminated all our bodies both under and above the table top. The insides of the four table legs had small low voltage, built-in LED lights running down their full lengths. More importantly, they made the area perfectly visible through the glass table top which was now invisible. That had been Ruby's plan all along. The chairs were also practically invisible. All that could be seen was our four bodies in seated positions above the neutral-coloured carpet. But Sylvia's was fully naked. It was like she was sitting under a spotlight.
And that would be just the start. I now realised Ruby's intentions. They were to get us all naked, and her daughter was the first victim. What I was not sure of was her motive. She had become an avowed nudist whilst Sylvia had fought against being obliged to follow suit. Was this lunch designed to get her daughter to comply, by devious means? I would be subjected to it as well, but was I just collateral damage? In fact, I didn't mind being nude since both ladies would at some point join me. And the way the rules had been set, it would not take very long.
Sylvia squirmed at first and tried to hide her important places, then glared challengingly at me. For some reason her irritation was directed at me rather than Ruby. I clutched my groin under my kilt and gave her a look of undiluted appreciation of her body.
She turned her head to study Sebastian's reaction. Her mouth fell open. He had pushed back the hem of his kilt and was slowly stroking an impressive cock with one hand. The transparent table hid nothing from anyone. And judging by the smile on Ruby's face, she condoned his appreciation of his stepdaughter's body. This afternoon was getting odder by the minute.
But Sylvia's discomfort was not to end there
After three more goes all round, she again fell foul of a challenge. She completed the word HEAD. Ruby challenged. Sylvia asserted that to give head meant for a woman to give a blowjob. Ruby and Sebastian claimed not to know that, and that if it was true, the meaning was American we were playing by British rules, which did not use that phrase. Since they had accepted ASS earlier, that seemed harsh.
She glanced at me miserably. I felt for her. I tried to defuse the situation.
"I'm afraid that you won't find that definition in any British dictionary, though you may find it referring to the mediaeval term for a ship's toilet. Personally, I'm not into coprophilia." I murmured.
In her ignorance, Sylvia saw a line of defence. "What does coprophilia mean?"
All eyes turned on me, as if I were the expert. Sebastian was grinning, enjoying this exchange.
I wrinkled my nose. "I feel disgust, even having to mention it any further. As far as I know it refers to a fetish for excrement; you don't want to go there."
I wished then that I hadn't tried to be witty. Ruby intervened, to try and restore the erotic ambience.
"I was going to suggest as a penalty that you show how you think Americans give head. I'm sure we'd all be so much the wiser for a demonstration."
That brought a nervous smile to Sylvia's face. She could not complain, having introduced the topic. She slid off her chair and under the table. Her defiance at the concept of this lunch had evaporated. Her exhibitionist side appeared to be in the ascendance.
I looked down through the glass and watched her crawl slowly the few paces to my legs. She raised her head to release her hands to part my knees. Not content with that she pushed my kilt up my legs to expose my cock. My member immediately twitched, then rose vertically. I stared down at it, astonished at how quickly the tables had been turned.
Sylvia dipped her head, meaning to take my cock into her mouth. Ruby stopped her.
"Sylvie, darling, actual fellatio isn't within the rules of the game. We get your drift. You can go back now."
Sylvia pulled my kilt back down to cover my groin and began to reverse her crawl.
Ruby was not satisfied.
"But darling, once clothing has been removed, or moved aside, it cannot be replaced. Move it back where you put it; there's a dear."
She sounded like a mother or governess gently chiding a child in the playroom. But this was far from childhood games. There were no rules to Prude Scrabble as such, except perhaps that progressive exposure was obviously central to the game. Sylvia stared up through the glass table top at us all, a devilish grin on her face. She pushed the kilt hem all the way up to my waist. My cock had subsided during the brief debate. She now massaged it until it resumed its vertical inclination. I resumed my fuck me inclination as well.
Sylvia reversed until she could get her head out from under the table. She sat back on her chair, stared at us all defiantly. She effected a pout as a sulk for losing the argument about her word. She lifted her right leg out sideways from under the table and swung her foot up and onto the table top. Her crotch was now spread wide open and her brown pussy lips fully visible and looking succulently moist.
"There's nothing in the rules about not showing my CUNT to everybody to its best advantage, mother!"
The game resumed and Sylvia kept her leg up and crotch fully exposed for several minutes until her next turn. The table might just as well not be there. It was like staring down directly at her exposure. Sebastian's resumed cock stroking was also in evidence.
When Ruby tried to claim DARKISH on her next term, Sylvia challenged her, on grounds of racial impropriety. Ruby defended herself, referring to how brown her daughter's pussy lips looked in the yellow artificial light under the table. She had a mischievous glint in her eye. The women looked to us men to decide. Sebastian chickened out. Then all three looked to me to decide.
I put on a theatrically pompous tone in delivering my judgement. "The word's meaning is not inherently sexy without the context of that explanation. Ruby, it's about time you showed us all more of that stunningly erotic body, Remove your dress."
Sebastian sat up straight at that. "Are you giving yourself a first-time treat?" he asked me. Did he not know that I had probably seen more intimate details about his wife's body that he, according to her own words?
She lowered her head and looked at me from under her brows, like a feral animal having me within its sights. She murmured under her breath in an aside to Sebastian, "Put on some music - make it appropriate."
It was, sort of. After a few moments of his search, Joe Cocker blasted out from the powerful hi-fi system with the opening bars ofYou Can keep Your Hat On. Ruby stood up from her chair. The sun in the windows behind her had set. Her body was no longer in shadow. Instead, it was brilliantly uplit from below the clear glass.
She shed her shoes and climbed up onto the table. She knelt on the glass and writhed her upper body in time with the music. She rolled onto her back and raised her knees, drawing her feet up to her bottom. They hid the view up her dress, which had clung to her thighs. It looked at first as if she was immersed in the music. Then she turned to face me. From that moment on, her eyes never left mine.
I shot quick glances at Sebastian and Sylvia. Both were staring at me with suspicion: either that this was a complete reversal in Ruby's attitude to me, or that it was not the first meaningful engagement between the two of us.
Ruby returned to her hands and knees and crawled around the table, her eyes never leaving mine. As the song approached its conclusion she stood up on her bare feet and slipped the shoulder straps down her arms. She pushed the top off her breasts and down to her waist. The exposure of her braless tits was no surprise. After a few more bars of the song she pushed the dress down by degrees over her hips until gravity took over and it fell to the glass.
She had been naked for me before, outside in the woods, but I recalled only what I had filmed of her on her digicam. Her, in this room after dusk, and under the soft illumination of the glass-top table legs, the effect of her nakedness was far more dramatic.
She wore no panties, of course. She was naked but for a red rose at her vulva with its stem pushed up into her vagina, which I had earlier assumed to be attached to panties. She knelt back down on the table and crawled towards me. She sat back on her haunches then parted her thighs to their widest extent, her feet tucked up against her bottom on the glass.
"Would you care to pluck my rose?" she purred.
I heard renewed gasps from Sebastian and Sylvia as I leant forward.
"With your mouth, no hands."
My body trembled violently as I dipped my face into her crotch. She smelled of flowery scent in there. I used my tongue against my upper lip to seize the rose stem below its ovary, and tugged. After minimal resistance, the stem was dislodged, bringing with it a white silk hanky wrapped tightly around the stem, which she had employed to ensure the stem remained in place inside her. It was sodden with her vaginal juices. The moist silkiness was so erotic in that moment that I suffered a twinge so strong that the effect was similar to edging. A few gentle strokes on my cock would have been all I needed for total satisfaction. But I now knew that this day was far from over, and that I must preserve my man juices for the right moment.
I lifted my head away with the stem now held between my lips. All I could see that close in was her beautiful pussy lips and crotch. I did not see or anticipate her as she thrust her hips forward and ground it into my face. I did not pull back. Many of the petals were dislodged from the sepal to fall onto the table edge and down my front.
I dropped the rose. She swayed her hips as if to hypnotise me with the motion and its context. I groaned, and heard further gasps of surprise from Sylvia and Sebastian.
"That's quite enough, my love," he called out, somewhat louder than necessary, and in a very strained voice.
Then despite not being in pole position to appreciate her performance as much as I, Sebastian stood up and clapped her enthusiastically. "That was really something, Ruby; very sexy."
He turned to me and explained, "Ruby can be very entertaining at dinner parties. This table will open up a whole host of new opportunities."
She lay back for several seconds, her eyes still fixed on mine. Then she sat up on the table and swivelled on her bottom to position her body facing halfway between me and Sebastian.
"So, that leaves Sylvia and me at a disadvantage. Gentlemen, stand up and remove your kilts and socks." Turning to her daughter, she said softly, "That evens things up now."
So we were all naked then. I sat down on the cushion on the Perspex chair, totally overwhelmed by her performance.
The telephone rang in the hallway.
Chapter 26. Spin the Clock-Hand
Ruby went to answer it. We heard muffled snatches of a lengthy discussion.
She returned with a flushed look on her face.
"Rita just called, from the public phone box in the village. She was on her way home from a disappointing lunch with some girlfriends, and wanted to talk. I told her we were entertaining. She pressed me for details. The upshot is that she's coming here. She has made me an offer I can't refuse."
Sebastian looked pleased. "Well, time out to refresh our glasses, whilst we await her arrival," he said. "What's next on your list? What have we got to look forward to?"
The bronze bell in the hallway tolled.
Ruby stood up. "That was quick. Simon, come with me to greet her."
I stared at her in surprise, naked as I was. She took my hand and pulled me towards the door to the hall.
When she opened the front door, Rita did a quick double-take, then smiled. "So you've inducted Simon into your lifestyle?"
She stepped inside and did a twirl to show her outfit. My eyes widened, as large as ship portholes. Rita looked like an erotically outsized copy of Cher, even down to a sleeveless sheepskin waistcoat over a colourful striped blouse and string of necklace beads. Below that she wore a tight leather miniskirt above knee-high boots. Around her neck was a leather collar on a silver chain.
"Oh, Simon, is that for me?" she asked, pointing at my crazily pumping cock. "Ummm, it's very warm in here."
Ruby kissed her cheek, then said, "You have some catching up to do, or rather undressing down. I suggest you go in the shower room there and take a quick shower. Just to add spice, Simon can help you undress- but no sex, mind! We need to preserve this lovely man's juices."
I stared at Ruby with astonishment, but she did not stay to elaborate. She headed off back to the living room, the subject closed as far as she was concerned. I heard her from the open doorway tell Sebastian and Sylvia that "Rita has arrived. I've deputised Simon to prepare her for joining us..."
The door closed on any vocal response. Rita and I looked at each other in bemusement. Then she smiled.
"I telephoned Ruby because I was having a bad day. When she told me what was happening here, I asked to come over. I promised not to get in the way of her plans. I would just watch and be part of the scenery. She seems to want me to get more involved though. When she has the bit between her teeth, it's better just to go along with her suggestions. So, Simon, come and undress me."
I followed her into the spacious shower room in a daze. This day was getting weirder and weirder.
I wanted to keep my mind occupied and distracted from my arousing task ahead.
"So why was your day so bad?"
"I went to a girlie lunch with three friends, to swap stories about our Christmas horrors. None of us have live-in partners so we spent Christmas Day with our respective families. Today was supposed to be the antidote to those festive horrors.
"But I was the only one that made any effort, as you can see. The other three all wanted just to moan and tell demeaning stories about men. I realise now that I no longer want that. But before you get any ideas about your influence on me, it's been coming on for some time.
"Oh, your hands feel so good on my breasts. Ruby didn't say that we could touch. Do it a bit more. Umm, so you like my skirt. Do you have a leather fetish? Turn on the water.
"No, leave my leather skirt on, and my boots. There's no reason why you can't enjoy yourself a bit in the shower."
My tummy was doing somersaults at the sight and feel of Rita's large, soft tits under the shower stream. I rubbed my groin against the wet leather, and lifted her leg to rub her right boot against my hip. Rita's body is big, but you couldn't describe it as fat. It was not as sleek as Ruby's similarly sized frame, but it was curvy and overtly erotic in and out of clothes.
After she had let me rub my body against her for a few minutes she turned her back and spread her palms high against the tiled wall, with her bottom pushed out. Her bottom cheeks and her pussy peeped out at me from under the raised skirt and drove my senses crazy. I rubbed my groin against her taut bottom under the warm stream of water, whilst my hands cupped her fulsome breasts. She turned her head to look me in the eye and pleaded, "Slip it inside me, just to let me feel it again. It won't spoil Ruby's plans."
"I obliged her, and felt an instant excitement wash through my whole abdomen. Fuck that, I was still young enough to recover in an hour or so. I could still satisfy Ruby later, if she wanted me. I set to, massaging Rita's breasts, nipping her nipples, and fingering her clitoris. Her body squirmed under my tactile onslaught.
"Oh, I've missed this. I tried to keep you at bay, denying your request to see me again. But I knew this would be inevitable. It's all the better for not being anticipated today. It's such a lovely surprise. Oh yes, Simon, fill me with that thick cock. Ahhhh, that's wonderful, pump me full of your sperm. I can't wait for you. I'm coming, I'm ...."
The reverberations from the tiled walls of her loud exclamation of an orgasm almost deafened me. I lost all control and climaxed forcefully, pumping what felt like gallons of sperm high up inside her stunningly erotic body, and forcing a wave of multiple orgasms.
She clung to me under the warm stream, as if for dear life. She whispered in my ear. "Don't be intimidated by Sebastian. Ruby will want you for herself. The only question will be, will she let him watch?
"Now, we must get dry, and I must complete my undressing."
"Ah, a pity. You look stunning like that. You'll have to dry out those boots at some point, but at least make an entrance like this."
"They'll know that I showered in skirt and boots, because they'll still be wet."
"I know, just humour me."
The hall was silent as we walked through it. So the faint squelch from Rita's boots, was very noticeable. We giggled, then composed ourselves.
I opened the door and entered, tugging on Rita's leather neck strap. A conversation from across the living room died as three pairs of eyes turned to look at us. We entered the room in silence, me naked, Rita in shiny black leather miniskirt and boots, being led by the neck collar.
"Rita will be attending to all our needs this evening, as arranged by Ruby."
Rita threw a dark look at me, at the unspoken implications of my claim, before studying the other three. Then she gasped.
"Sylvia!"
Sylvia gasped in response, "Ohmigod, Rita!"
We crossed the carpet in silence. The squelches sounded louder. I held a towel behind my back.
Ruby was the first to speak. "You were supposed to be completely undressed, Rita."
I leapt in. "I couldn't resist showing her off like this. Doesn't she look magnificent? I thought Sebastian might like the honour of removing her remaining garments."
He grinned with delight. I wondered at their past history which, I suspected, consisted mostly of her keeping him at arms' length. I wondered whether this evening would be different.
Ruby stared at Rita. Sylvia stared at me, then glanced down at my now flaccid cock.
I spread the towel out on the glass table top and gestured Rita to lie down on her back. I passed the silver chain to Sebastian. She's your slave for now. Unclothe her, but I warn you, the skirt and boots are damp.
Sylvia's stare at me had morphed into a deadly glare. I was enjoying the older woman's presence far too much.
We all watched as Sebastian raised one of Rita's legs vertically, exposing the undersides of her bottom cheeks and her generously endowed pussy lips.
"Don't get any ideas," she muttered to him through tight lips. Then she looked at me. "Sorry master," continuing the master/slave conceit.
I had intended it as a tease, but it provoked lubricious thoughts of domination and female subjugation. My cock began its recovery.
Sebastian, Ruby and Sylvia all gabbled at once about her meaning. I vaguely remembered that Ruby and Sebastian tended to discourage S&M at their parties. Sylvia's reaction was of a different order, possibly majoring on suspicions about why we had been away so long. I had to quell all their respective objections.
"Rita is yanking your chains. There's no domination going on here. But you have to admit she does look very sexy in that outfit."
Sebastian returned to his task of unwrapping her leather accoutrements. He unzipped one boot and tugged her foot out from its snug confinement. As boot and foot parted company, they generated sounds of suction and inrushing air to fill a vacuum. I thought it the sexiest sound ever. My cock stiffened at the sexy connotations. He turned his attention to the other leg, raising it skywards. Rita left her first leg upraised, but spread it outwards to open up her pussy. Sylvia and Ruby couldn't stem their curiosity at her body laid out like that. They crowded in to make closer inspections. Their quasi-lesbian curiosity intrigued me. Sylvia and Ruby were not so very different, it seems.
With her feet now unwrapped, Rita got up onto her knees and turned her back on Sebastian, to let him watch her unzip the skirt. She arched her back and pushed out her bottom for full effect. Then she stood up to allow him to tug the very short skirt down from her hips. She stepped out of the garment and twerked her hips at him and the other ladies.
Ruby looked surprisingly flushed at her friend's nudity. But she quickly regained her composure and took control of proceedings again.
"Well, after that unscheduled diversion, shall we get back to the game. Rita is here to film us for posterity. I have a feeling that this is going to be very interesting. So that was it, Rita was there to assist, not get involved. Somehow it didn't surprise me that Ruby treated her like a servant. I might have thought less of Ruby, but her body was so gorgeous that it preyed on my mind and was doing crazy things to my libido.
"So, now, I think it's time we explored the bottles from our crackers."
She made her fluid walk towards a low cabinet look very suggestive. Four pairs of eyes followed every sway of her captivating rear. My cock went into hyper pressurisation.
"Momma, what's happened to you?" whispered Sylvia rhetorically, perhaps thinking out loud about how much her mother had changed. Not only was Ruby orchestrating sexy family games with her guests; she appeared to be just as free with her own body.
I had to remind myself that this was supposed to be Boxing Day lunch and not a partner-swapping party. Yet we were all naked, and playing increasingly near the knuckle games of Ruby's devising, now with a very sexy onlooker.
Sylvia's acquiescence surprised me as well. I glanced in her direction. She had resumed her place and propped her foot up on the table again. She was rubbing her clit with her index finger oblivious to her surroundings. She fixed me with a lascivious stare to try and drag my attention back from the fuller figure attractions of her mother and Rita. Her earlier hostility towards me had gone. She appeared to have but one ambition in her mind now, which I could plainly sense. I, on the other hand was being torn three ways: to give Sylvia her first natural, full-on orgasm, have first fuck with her dazzingly erotic mother, or a renewal of my developing tryst with the sexy Rita. I had to ask myself how I had got myself tangled up at one and the same time with three such diverse and sexy females?
Sebastian was staring at his step-daughter's body and gently running his fist up and down his shaft. His eyes were glazed over. It was quite clear that his wife's performance being directed at me had not troubled him in the slightest. Rita had proven a temporary distraction, but his attention was focused back now on his stepdaughter. Perhaps Sylvia's past instinct about him had been right, but she seemed to mind less now.
The tenor of this couple's regular dinner parties became clear, the purpose of men's kilts as transparent as the newly acquired table. The ease with which Rita had been incorporated into the entertainments spoke of habitual extra-curricular entertainments and sexual freedom.
A sensation of hormonally-inspired giddiness flushed across the sides of my head and down my back. My testosterone was pumping up my arousal, and I would remain semi-erect and on heat from then on until I got my final release later that evening.

~*~*~

From the distant cabinet Ruby produced several plastic cards with spinner arrows. She walked slowly back to the table holding them spread out like a pack of cards. No doubt Sebastian would be just as intrigued as the est of us by this latest creation of his wife.
Her fixed gaze on me left me in no doubt that she was offering her body to me to savour. Our eyes locked, distracting my attention from the bounce of her luscious breasts at the periphery of my vision. I was also surprised at how quickly I had recovered from my plundering of Rita's pussy to once again lust for Ruby's physical charms.
She laid the spin-wheel cards on the table. She had repurposed them by covering their faces with colourful, bespoke printed labels divided into segments. The top disc was divided into six portions. Ruby had designed it with great care, and to a very professional standard.
There was a single word printed in each segment: squeeze, lick, massage, tickle, suck, and oil. Even a sexual novice could not fail to grasp its general intent.
The second disk had eight segments with images and a word pasted onto each: nose, ear, neck, armpit, breast, nipple, bottom and genitals. The images looked to be details cut from scanned photographs.
A third was divided into four quarters. Each of our names, printed in a decorative font, occupied a discrete segment.
Ruby had spent a lot of time devising and preparing these game materials. If this was the general standard of her work, I suspected that her parties provided great fun for all.
"I will spin the names disk. The first person selected will get to apply the liquid from their cracker. The second spin will decide to whom, or should I say, on whom they will administer the liquid - their subject. That subject will then spin first the action disc, then the body part disk. They are responsible alone for the outcome of those spins on their body. It is entirely a game of chance - and opportunity."
Her tone made that last word sound so decidedly sexy.
"Sebastian, fetch a stopwatch and time the action, which will last for one minute each time.
"Simon, you can work out how the hi-fi works, and select some music."
Sebastian had paused a music CD with a remote control. I set it to play again.
He returned with a digital stopwatch and the game began. The four participants sat at the table. Rita stood off to one side, watching, poised with the digicam to start recording when the game got interesting. She bore an intrigued expression which suggested that she was not a regular invitee to Ruby's dinners.
Ruby spun the arrow. It stopped against my name. I might have suspected that she wanted that, but probably it was pure chance. She spun it again, and it halted at Sebastian. I groaned, and he did not look too excited. I was the actor, and he my subject. From my perspective, it couldn't have turned out worse. Ruby looked disappointed as well.
Sebastion's spin of the action disk stopped on massage. He sighed audibly with relief; the least bad option for a heterosexual male in that predicament.
He spun the body part disk. I groaned this time. It ended on genitals. I had never touched another man's privates before. It surely couldn't get any worse than that?
Ruby clapped her hands and laughed merrily. "So we start with Simon massaging Sebastian's genitals. This is going to be fun for us girls to witness. Rita, fetch the digicam from the cupboard. I charged it just in case we needed it. I definitely think we will now.
All eyes followed Rita's rear as she made an Academy-Award-standard performance out of her walk to the cupboard to retrieve the camera. Four lungs exhaled with their appreciation of her movement. Sex on legs.
She returned with the camera dangling from one hand and definite bounce in her step that brought her breasts and we males' cocks to life.
"Camera, lights, action," called Ruby.
I stood up and faced Sebastian.
Ruby stopped me in my tracks. "Uh, uh, Sebastian must lie on the table. There must be no hiding, cringing or curling up of the body."
I gave him an apologetic look in advance, muttered, "Blame your wife!" and took the miniature lotion bottle from his grasp.
Arctic ice: how uncomfortable could it be? Perhaps it was refreshing? After all, a loving Ruby had chosen it for her husband.
He was holding his breath. His face was strained, as if he was reining in all manner of other bodily reactions. One might think he was actually distressed. We would both have need to stomp out into the non-existent snow and ice after this, maybe shoot a beaver, and reaffirm our all-male, heterosexual credentials.
But for the moment, I had to familiarise my hands with my first other-man's body parts. I opened the plastic bottle and poured some of the crystal-clear light blue liquid into my cupped hand. My eyes widened their focus and alighted reluctantly on his smooth, tanned skin. It disturbed me to realise that I found his body worryingly attractive. The lubriciousness of the occasion was distorting my senses.
A strange sensation in the palm of my hand drew my attention back to my task. I have no idea what chemical compound it was, but mere contact with my skin caused it quickly to chill. I looked down at the small innocently-looking pool of arctic liquid ice, stupefied. It reflected rays of room light back up at me. With a shrug of my shoulders, I offered him my other hand for another dollop. He gave me a sharp, scrutinising glance before obliging me. I maintained a blank expression, to hide the ominous chills spreading deep down into the bones of each hand.
I leant over the table and reached for his upright, pulsating cock. I closed my eyes, not wanting to see what my hands would be doing. I heard female sniggers. My palms made contact with a warm, living male organ, the liquid immediately spilling over the edges of my palms and trickling down his shaft. I hardly sensed the contact with his manhood through the chilled numbness of my hands. Ut of ther corner of my eye I saw the camera in Rita's grip focusing in turn on the object of my attentions and my facial expression. I hoped it was suitably ambivalent.
I heard a surprised "Hah!" Then there came an almighty roar. I opened my eyes. Sebastian was sitting up, bent forwards with his knees drawn up towards his chest, trapping my hands against his rigid cock.
I wished he hadn't done that.
I tried to pull them out of harm's way, but he was grimly gripping his upper and lower body parts together between his thighs, in a spasm of protective reaction to the leeching of all warmth from his cock. I elbowed his chest away from his thighs enough to withdrew my hands. He gave out lots of short, staccato gasps as his brain persuaded his body that it wasn't in terminal cryogenic decline after all. Both women were unsuccessfully trying to stifle giggles. Ruby was red in the face and presently unable to breathe. Rita struggled to hold the camera steady.
The lotion obviously had only a short-term effect. His breathing soon eased and he started to take an interest again in the outside world around him.
Sylvia tried to show concern for her father-in-law, but it wasn't genuine. Ruby surrendered to a paroxysm of laughter.
"Didn't you read the instructions?" he thundered at her.
She pulled herself together. "It said on the bottle 'to be applied in small doses, the effects are temporary'. I removed the label to avoid distraction from the beauty of the liquid."
Sebastian gave up on challenging her and glared at me instead. I reacted the only way I could. "That was only ten seconds at best. Do you want some more?"
Sylvia saw the funny side of that.
We took a break to refresh our drinks. Sebastian walked off like a naked John Wayne, just out of the saddle. He went and stood by the blazing fire, before filling it with fresh logs to suggest that that had been his intention all along. Sylvia served me my reward drink with tender care, as if I were an injured victim, saying, "We must ensure that the feeling in those magic hands can be fully restored."
When we were all back at the table, Ruby spun the name wheel again. It pointed to Sylvia.
A second spin indicated me. The other three all 'ooohed' in anticipation of some more interesting action.
My spin of the second wheel stopped on oil. Then the final wheel chose genitals again.
"Is that wheel biased?" I asked meekly. Then the thought of some close-up attention from Sylvia sank in.
I knew the drill. I clambered up on to the table's cold surface and lay flat on my back. I clutched the bottle of amber 'Stimuoil' liquid, in my hand. Sylvia got onto the table and knelt facing me, straddling my calves. Her thighs were parted and her hips were angled forwards. I stared at her luscious labia from close quarters and drew yet more erectile inspiration from them. She took the bottle from my hand and applied a generous dollop to a palm. She coated both palms then loomed over me. Her gorgeous breasts dangled teasingly, inches from my face. I could have lifted my head and sucked on an engorged nipple. Instead, I was distracted by a feeling of intense warmth on my balls. I raised my head. Sylvia was looking at my face whilst her hands massaged my scrotum. Her tender hand actions were sending ripples of pleasure along my shaft and up into my belly.
I glanced to one side. The beguiling vision of Rita with digicam perched below her wonderful mammaries reinforced those continuing ripples.
"Only one minute!" Ruby urged on Sebastian, desperately. I assume she didn't want a premature happy ending. She was not to know that she was too late to prevent that. I lengthened my gaze to study Sebastian's face beyond Sylvia's bent body. He was leant forward over the table, staring animatedly at the rear view between Sylvia's stretched bottom cheeks. The man was infatuated.
Ruby had selected an intensely sensuous oil for use on me. I wondered whether she might have hoped to have been given the one-in-three opportunity to apply it to me herself. But that might have just been my wishful thinking. When I glanced at her she sat impassively studying her daughter's body from the side.
Sylvia's hands were now assiduously massaging my shaft. I sighed with the sheer pleasure of the sensations they provoked. A tingling at the neck of my shaft indicated that a climax might not be far away. I relaxed my whole body to allow the sensations to encompass it, and to try and limit its oh so desirable damage. I didn't care whether or not I would climax; but Sylvia ensured with her gentle touches that I would not.
"Time's up," declared Sebastian. Sylvia and I simultaneously emitted loud sighs of relief.
But my mind thought:oh, so soon?
We settled back on our chairs for the third round. Ruby spun the name wheel for the third time. It landed on Sebastian. "You've had your go," she declared with a smile. "Give someone else a turn."
She spun it again.
"Ruby."
The second spin for the victim landed on Sylvia.
She passed the action wheel to her daughter. Sylvia spun it; it stopped at squeeze.
The body part was bottom.
All our respective reactions were divided by our gender. Mother and daughter sounded relieved. Sebastian and I were enthusiastic: we could watch naked mother and daughter working on one of Sylvia's best features. Best of all, it could be captured digitally for future playbacks.
Sylvia lay on her front on the table. On her slim frame, her perfectly rounded bottom curved enticingly in profile. Ruby leant over her from the side. Sebastian stood opposite facing her, so that he could admire his wife's luscious breasts dance as she worked on her daughter's desirable rump. I stood beside Ruby, facing Rita and the digicam.
Ruby recruited me. "Here, Simon, you can apply the Cherry Red to my palms.
"That's enough, I think."
She rubbed her palms together, then leant over Sylvia and gently massaged each of Sylvia's bottom cheeks in turn. Sylvia groaned, probably partly from embarrassment at the pleasure of her mother's touch. "It's lovely and warm. It stimulates deep into my flesh and even makes my pussy tingle."
Ruby was breathing heavily. "Your bottom feels wonderful to the touch, darling. You make me very proud to be your mother, Sylvie."
"Oh, Momma, that's so nice of you to say." The rapprochement was complete, some form of mutual attraction intriguing.
Ruby turned her attention to Sylvia's inner thighs, gently persuading her daughter to part them with the backs of her hands. Sylvia spread them wider. Ruby began to massage Sylvia's labia with her thumbs. Both mother and daughter gasped with reciprocal pleasure. Was this common behaviour between loving mothers and daughters?
My own soaring arousal prompted me to cup the nearer of Ruby's bottom cheeks with my palm, knowing that her body hid it from Sebastian's gaze. Her body stiffened, but she did not betray any physical sign of my attack. She merely glanced quickly at him to check his reaction. Encouraged, I teased her labial fold with my forefinger. It was wet. Her hips began to sway. I slipped a forefinger inside her vagina, then added my index finger. I forced myself to watch the woman on daughter action as I slowly manipulated Ruby's vaginal wall and clitoris. The sense of touch thrilled me.
Ruby could no longer remain stoic whilst my fingers massaged her internally. She gasped at her arousal, then slipped her fingers inside her daughter's vagina and began to frig her vigorously. Sebastian looked across sharply at her, in astonishment. He must have assumed that the mother was getting turned on by her daughter's body. He could not know that it was simply a distraction move. Sylvia gave an initial cry of surprise, then moaned continuously as her mother worked on her vaginal passage walls.
"Oh, Momma..." she murmured with gratitude.
That allowed Ruby to surrender to my plundering of her own womanhood with my fingers, and she moaned loudly and rolled her hips as she plumbed her daughter's depths. The atmosphere thickened with the aroma of female hormones.
It took an immense effort of will for Sebastian to call time on Ruby's actions and break the erotic spell.
"Really, darling, you appear to have enjoyed that more than Sylvia."
Sylvia got onto her knees and swivelled her body to face her mother. They kissed long and tenderly. I leant on the table beside Ruby as if watching. I was exploring Ruby's pussy even more aggressively now that she had straightened up. She shifted her hips sideways to disengage from me, but she reached behind her back to grasp and squeeze my cock.
I backed away gently, my heart pounding at our subterfuge, reassured that I had got away with my illicit fumblings, and that Ruby had allowed it. I almost bumped into Rita, who had not backed away quite far enough, an astonished expression on her face. Not only had I been rumbled, but she must have captured it all on tape.
Ruby addressed us all but was looking in my direction.
"That was really something special. Now, I think it's my turn at last. I'm the final victim, so this spin is for my agent of pleasure - or doom."
It stopped on Simon - my name and my prize. Was that pure chance?
She spun the body part wheel. "Breasts", she declared triumphantly. Then the third disk decided that the action should be squeeze.
"Be gentle with them, soldier," she murmured with a very exaggerated American accent, thickened by her continuing arousal, as she handed me the bottle of deep red 'Devil's Magic'. She climbed onto the table and faced me on all fours. "How do you want me?"
"On my lap," I replied.
She turned to check Sebastian's reaction. He merely smiled and nodded.
I sat upright on the table with my legs outstretched. Ruby sat on my thighs facing me, and arched her body backwards, resting her weight on her palms. Her large and impressive breasts pointed skywards. They looked larger than life, within reach, and simply magnificent. The mere sight of them so close to me sent my innards into somersaults.
"So what does Devil's Magic do?" I asked.
"It burns," she said.
Well, she had chosen it for herself, so it could not be too painful for her.
"Do you like being hurt?" I asked.
"Devil's Magic isn't painful; it's deeply, penetratively arousing." Her voice positively purred. It sent a thrill chasing down my spine.
I coated my palms with the clear deep red liquid. I felt the heat suffuse my flesh, and imagined seeing a hand as a blood-red x-ray image of skeletal hand bones. I gently squeezed the fronts of her breasts. I felt her push her chest upwards against my hands. Her stiffened nipples pressed unyieldingly into the centres of my palms. The heat transferred itself from my flesh to hers, making me imagine a connection as of a fire raging between us. My hands were actually burning; it was a different sort of heat sensation. It gave new meaning to the concept of fires of passion.
She uttered a cry, halfway between pain and intense pleasure. She shunted her bottom further up my thighs until my penis was trapped against her pubis. She began to raise and lower her hips, pressing her pubic bones against the upraised underside of my cock. I thought for a moment that she was rubbing it deliberately, but she was actually just writhing her body to help it cope with the mixed blessing of the heat on her large and sensitive tits. Her eyes were closed, helping her to process every bit of sensation in her mind.
My eyes roved across her front, then down to her crotch. Her prominent brown labia were quivering with the rise and fall of her hips against my cock. Unthinkingly, I dropped a hand and cupped her groin. She shrieked as the heat was transmitted through her sensitive labial folds and erect clitoris. She raised her hands and pushed me backwards. She leant over me and kissed me hard and passionately on the lips.
"Your minute's up," croaked Sebastian, also overwhelmed with arousal at what he had just witnessed.
We disengaged our bodies and slid calmly off the table, like actors in a film, disengaging from an amorous scene when the director has called 'cut'.
In reality we were both fired up, and had been stopped just in time from fucking each other senseless.
"I'd like to try that red fire on your cock," Ruby announced to Sebastian. That fooled nobody; it was perhaps an apology of sorts for going over the top with their guest. They touched lips affectionately, as if her fiery encounter with me on the table counted for nothing. I suspected that this would not have been the first time she had gone over the top in her engagement with a guest.
Sylvia hugged me, whispering, "I've heard this is what my parents' parties tend to be like. I'm finding it quite stimulating."
That was an understatement.
I whispered back, "I'm glad that your body shows signs of arousal. Hold that thought."
The atmosphere had been progressively ramping up as the afternoon progressed towards evening. The night sky had closed in outside, and the lounge was illuminated in local pockets of localised soft warm light within its various activity zones.
Ruby became the hostess again. "I can't recall being quite so stirred up before. Let's have a timeout."
Sylvia gave me a conspiratorial glance. I returned a blank stare, not ready yet to expel my load, if that was what she was contemplating. She made a suggestion.
"Why don't we watch an engrossing movie - to chill out for a while?"
Sebastian agreed, "Good idea, what do you have in mind?"
"Simon brought one; it's in his car. Go and get it, Simon."
"What, dressed like this? It's cold outside."
"Nonsense, the car is close to the porch, it'll only take ten seconds, and after the heat of that 'Devil's Magic' brew, you need to cool down; or you'll burn out before the climax of the evening."
This was not the Sylvia who had arrived at midday, irritated to see me there. She seemed more enthusiastically excited now than ever before. Her eyes were shining with what I assumed to be consummate desire.
I turned my head as I left to fetch the DVDs, wondering how her parents would react to my movies. For the moment, they were occupied in talking to Rita. Sebastian's hand had slipped onto a butt cheek. Thus far, she had not moved away from his contact.
The portents for the potential permutations of climaxes to the evening were assimilating nicely.