2: Show Time
It was several days after me and my sister Kate had our walk in the woods. Kate was still visiting and although she hadn't given me another treat like the one in the woods we had been behaving differently around each other. When mom had left for work in the mornings me and Kate would strip off and spend the day walking around the house naked, if the weather was nice we would sunbathe naked. Usually I would get erections from seeing my sisters beautiful naked body, I never tried hiding my erections from Kate but I would go to my bedroom and masturbate over the thought of her.
I woke up in the morning and went downstairs into the kitchen. Kate was already in the garden sunbathing, mom was still home so Kate was wearing a red bikini that clung tightly to her body. Her bikini had string ties holding it to her body and it showed every curve of her body beautifully. My mom was in the kitchen getting her things together for work. Normally I never paid much attention to the way my mom looked but since my experience with Kate I had been looking at her very differently. My mom was in her early forties but she looked ten years younger. She had a slim toned body, her dark brown hair came down to her shoulders. Her breasts were much smaller than Kate's but looked very firm and pert. She was wearing a pale blue blouse and a black skirt that stopped just above her knees, she had a pair of black stilettos on that made her bare legs look amazing. It was her normal work clothes but I hadn't noticed how sexy she looked in them before now. Mom gave me a kiss on the cheek and left for work, as soon as she had left I went into the garden to see Kate.
"Has mom left now?" Kate asked as I went outside.
"Yes, she just went." I answered.
"Great it's about time. I don't want to get tan lines." Kate then stood up and quickly pulled off her bikini, dropped it on the floor next to her and laid back down to sunbathe naked. I had seen a lot of my sisters naked body in the past few days but I never tired of how beautiful her large breasts were, I loved the dark triangle of pubes above her pussy. I got naked as well and sat with my sister talking, It didn't take long for me to get an erection but I didn't run off straight away. I stayed with Kate talking with my erect cock fully on display to her. Kate noticed my state of arousal and she took a good look at my cock.
"It's always getting hard but never gets bigger does it little bro." she said with a giggle. My penis was quite small and although me and Kate had an unusual relationship she was still my big sister and she often teased me about it.
"I like a nice big one between my legs." As Kate said that she grinned at me and gave her pussy a gentle stroke. That was enough to push me to the edge so I got up intending to go to my bedroom for a quick wank.
"Where are you going?" Kate asked.
"Where do you think." I gestured to my hard-on as I said it.
"You don't have to hide in your room to do that."
"But in the woods you said we couldn't do anything like that again."
"I said I wouldn't give you another hand job, I don't mind if want to masturbate in front of me." That was an offer I couldn't refuse. I sat down next to my sister again and started stroking my cock. Kate didn't pay much attention to me but she occasionally looked over at what I was doing. As I sat there wanking in front of my sister my eyes were fixed on her body, I was looking her up and down. I stared at her breasts with her nipples poking out on top then my eyes moved down to her trimmed pubes, her legs were open slightly and I could just see her pink pussy lips poking out. I was getting close to cumming and Kate must have noticed.
"Don't make a mess on the floor, use this to cum in." She said as she handed me her bikini top. I quickly took it from her and wrapped it around my cock just as I started cumming. I tensed up and spurted my spunk into my sister bikini top, then I relaxed and wiped my cock clean with it.
"So who were you thinking about?" Kate asked when I had finished.
"What do you mean, I was thinking of you of course." I had no problem admitting it, we had gone past the point of trying to pretend otherwise.
"I've seen the way you've been looking at mom, I thought you might have been thinking about her."
Kate was right, although this time I was thinking about her I had thought about mom other times when masturbating.
"I have seen her more as a woman than just a mom lately." I admitted
"I've seen her naked you know. She looks especially sexy in her lacy lingerie." My mom and Kate often went shopping or to the gym together so Kate had plenty of chances to see mom naked in changing rooms, now she was teasing me about it. Me and Kate sat naked together and talked about many things including how sexy our mom was. The rest of the day past with out much happening and in the evening me and Kate got dressed before mom came home.
Me and Kate were sitting in the lounge, I was wearing just a t-shirt and shorts. Kate had put on a pink vest, it was very tight and showed off her braless beasts. She was also wearing a pair of pink shorts, although her shorts were very short they were quite loose around the leg. Mom had just gotten out of the shower and was wearing a white bathrobe. The couch me and Kate were sitting on was quite large, I was sat at one end and she was sat at the other with her feet up on the seat between us with her knees bent. Mom was in the kitchen getting herself a snack and Kate was reading a magazine while I watched T.V. I glanced over at Kate and noticed that the way she was sitting I could just see up the leg of her shorts. I could see she wasn't wearing any panties and her pussy lips were just visible. Kate looked up at me then she followed my eyes to see what I was looking at. When she realised what it was that had caught my attention she smiled and reached down between her thighs and pulled the crotch of her shorts to the side fully exposing her pussy to me. I couldn't believe she was being so bold, my sister was showing me her most intimate area with mom just in the next room. We heard mom coming into the room so Kate quickly covered herself again and went back to reading her magazine, I grabbed a cushion and used it to hide the tent in my shorts that my erection was causing. We all sat together for a while then Kate said she was going to bed, she gave me and mom a kiss goodnight then went upstairs. A short time later my mom said she was going to bed as well, as she stood up she opened her legs slightly and I got a glimpse of her crotch. She had on a pair of black cotton panties. I only had a little glimpse but it was enough to excite me so after she had gone to bed I headed to my bedroom to wank.
As I walked past my sisters bedroom I heard a soft moan, I new what it was so I knock gently on the door.
"Come in." Kate called out softly. When I entered her room she was lying on top of her bed completely naked and looking flushed in the face.
"Were you masturbating?" I asked even though I knew she was.
"Yes I was, as if you didn't know." she cheekily replied
"I was about to do the same thing in my room."
"So? What's your point?" Kate knew what I was hinting at but she still teased me.
"Well maybe we could masturbate together." Kate thought about it for a moment.
"Ok, but no touching. And I don't want you getting your cum everywhere used these to catch it." Kate picked up a pair of her panties from the floor and threw them to me. I quickly stripped off and sat on the end of Kate's bed, I was so excited, I was about to see my sister masturbate. Kate laid back on her bed, she put one hand on her breast and began to squeeze it and pull on her nipple. She used her other hand to stroke her stomach, she moved her hand further down onto her pubes. Kate stroked and pulled gently on her bush, I started pulling on my cock as I watched her play with her pubes. Then Kate moved her hand between her legs, she open her thighs wide to give herself better access to her pussy and she started rubbing her moist lips. Kate moaned quietly as she rubbed her pussy, I was so turned on by watching her masturbate. Kate then pushed one finger into her tight pussy, she gasped as she started fingering herself. My sister looked so beautiful laying naked and masturbating, one hand pulling on her nipple while her other hand fingered her pussy. I was wanking myself hard as I watched my sister, I knew I was close to cumming but I didn't want to finish before Kate. Kate pushed a second finger into her pussy and moved her hand faster on her pussy. Me and Kate stared into each others eyes as we masturbated together, she was biting her lip to stop herself from screaming out. Suddenly Kate closed her eyes and bucked her hips against her hand as she started cumming, I grabbed the panties she gave me earlier and unload my spunk into them. I watched as my sister moaned and bucked as her orgasm ran through her. We both laid still for a moment enjoying our post orgasm tingle. Kate's fingers were still inside her and I could see her pussy juice dripping over them.
"You look so beautiful when you cum." I finally said
"Thank you, that's sweet." Kate said with a giggle "Now it's time for you to go to bed, I'll see you in the morning." and then Kate kissed me goodnight but instead of kissing me on the cheek like she normally did she gave me a gentle peck on the lips.
I went to bed with thoughts of Kate running through my mind. I thought about how she had kissed me on the lips, I thought about how she always gave me her underwear to ejaculate into. I knew the rest of my sisters visit was going to get very interesting.