I am on my knees in the dining room waiting for him to come home from his office.
This is where he told me to wait. He was not happy with me at lunch today. Before we left the restaurant he told me to be naked and waiting for him in the dining room. I have displeased him and this causes me to be anxious yet excited. His displeasure plus his punishment equals my pleasure.
The door opens and I hear his keys drop in the bowl that sits on the table in the foyer. The sound of his leather laptop case being placed in the foyer chair is one that brings me comfort. No matter what I have done to displease him or how trepidatious I am about my punishment I am always glad when I hear him come home.
His shoes echo down the long hall as he walks towards the dining room and the moment he enters the room becomes warmer and the air for me is thicker. Instantly my breathing becomes more labored just by his presence. This is the man who owns me. This is the man who knows this body better than I do. My body knows that and without even seeing him my body begins to respond.
"Do you know why I am going to punish you?" His question causes goosebumps all over my skin.
"Because I was cheeky."
"I own that mouth and do not appreciate it sassing me." He steps closer and I can see his shoes directly in front of me. "You need to remember I own this mouth so we will work on that now. Look at me."
With his permission I look up and try not to smile but seeing him makes me happy even with the stern look on his face.
He has already removed his jacket and tie and now rolls the sleeves up of his shirt as he looks down on me. His blue eyes burn into my brown ones and my body feels hot from his intense perusal of me. His eyes never leave mine as he unbuckles his belt then undoes his pants. I can't help but look as he pulls his beautiful cock free.
"Eyes on me." He says seriously but I hear the slight hint of amusement in his tone. He loves that I love his cock. "Open your mouth."
I immediately comply and the second my mouth is open he pushes inside. He makes persistent visits as deep into my throat as humanly possible. This is not about pleasure for him or me. When he wants me to pleasure him with my mouth he wants me on my knees while he sits in his favorite chair in the den. He makes me go slow and if I try to rush he tugs my hair rebuking me. His favorite thing is to have me suck on him when he is on a conference call in his office. I sit under his desk as he conducts his business. I treat the time as if it were a hot day and his cock the biggest coldest ice cream cone ever. Drawing it out is my intent because I love to hear him talk but I also enjoy how his hand constantly strokes my face and hair.
"Why does my beautiful girl have to be so bad?" The question is rhetorical.
I am addicted to belonging to him. As much as I adore him I also crave for him to remind me that I am his. He knows this of course because he knows my motives better than I do most of the time.
His thrusts go from punishing to deep but slow.
"Someone is watching through the sheers. He is trying to pretend he isn't but he sees you being punished for being cheeky." He tells me and my brain simultaneously realizes he slowed so the voyeur could watch but I feel the need to see who is watching. I try to turn my head but he cups my face firmly. "I did not tell you to stop."
He steps away from me causing his cock to fall from my mouth. I look at him waiting for my instructions and in answer, he holds a hand out for me that I eagerly take.
I am nude and if our audience is still outside he will see all of me now as I am assisted from my kneeling position.
"Bend over the table and stretch your arms out holding the sides." He uses his shoed foot to spread my legs where he wants them then takes a large fistful of my hair tugging hard forcing me to look out the window. "Let him see what happens to bad girls in this house." With his dark words, he shoves inside of me causing me to cry out from the intrusion.
He pulls my hair hard enough that whoever is outside has a view of my face and breasts, my nipples are rubbing against the dining room table as he thrusts into me.
"You are so wet. You like knowing someone is watching you get fucked don't you?" This is asked right before his free hand makes contact with my left ass cheek.
"Yes, sir." I cry out in response. My eyes strain to see the person outside and I see a man leaning against the light pole pretending to be studying his phone.
I am spanked several more times and each hit is harder than the last causing me to cry out and the man outside has given up all pretense of looking at his phone.
"Why did I spank you?" He asks as his hand settles onto my hip firmly letting me know for now he has finished.
"Because I tried to look outside." I gasp. My orgasm is seconds away and I whine like a petulant child because I know he is going to deny me this. That will be my punishment. Later tonight he will allow me to have one but he will make me wait.
My walls tighten around him in warning and as I feared he withdraws from me leaving me bereft.
"Turn over." He says while releasing my hair.
When my back touches the cool wood a tear escapes and trails down my cheek. I can't process why I am crying. Naturally, I am disappointed that I am on the precipice of an orgasm but I know I deserved to be denied this time. As his warm cum hits my stomach and breasts I recognize why I am crying. The feeling is driven home as his fingers spread the warm cum over me making sure that I am covered with his ownership.
His proprietorship over my body is sublime. It is a place that mentally I find complete contentment.