Chapter 3: Home.
Ahh I fall into my big leather couch. What a great day I think to myself. Thinking about the day made me realize i have not orgasmed yet. While putting my fingers onto my nub, I get a timely message from Abigail begging me not to orgasm and to only orgasm from a womens hands, because according to her the more desperate I am to cum, the more I will humiliate myself. Well I can't argue with that logic and just turn on the tv to ignore my constant ache of arousal.
Small penises are regarded by the world as a joke, and women are the cause of it. So much of the fun women have is run by humiliating little appendages, which is why I have to sift through female comedians making jokes of having sex with micropenises fully knowing they never actually did, and girls dancing to Rihanna size queen references "are you big enough, take it take it.." which all girls look up to. Until finally I look wide eyed at my own humiliation of the day on the news, where billions of women will see across the globe, me in high resolution spreading my asshole for the girls as punishment.
As I gaze at the T.V, I ponder the fact that most of my humiliation came from Abigail and not from me, which is why, with the help on my aching balls, I decided to go to the club tomorrow on my own. A perfect place I reasoned, as women only go there since men lost interest in women long ago, and hopefully get a nice sweet orgasm at the end.
Book 2:The Rave
Groggily, I stumbled out of bed. The constant ache of my penis kept me awake through the night, and I realize I must get rid of it!
While staying nude, I look out the window,optimistically hoping some sexy ladies catch a glimpse of me and jerk me off, but also to ponder where a party can be where girls get drunk and naughty!
Upon seating back to my couch facing my completely open window having the sunshine crash down me and onto my nub, I come across a party at 8pm where the premise is to bring your own costume, does not matter how much or how little it is. This peaked my curiosity and with a smirk, I went off to get my outfit.
I hop onto my truck after getting dressed in a plain black T-shirt and some black shorts. I decided to go to a small shop on the outskirts of town for my outfit, I was not planning on embarrassing myself here. I knew I could go to the plaza again but didn't want to see Abigail as I want to be the only author of my own humiliation today. Maybe next time for sure.
A well lit, surprisingly larger store than expected is what I see when I park here. I enter the store to see a few customers milling about, but I head straight to the saleswomen who is a beautiful African American women with thick dreads going to her large firm breasts. She wore a dress that is quite sheer in the well lit building and under intense scrutiny I can make out she is not wearing anything under. I slightly Buckle knees at the beauty in front of me, but restrain myself from staring to avoid being accused of small dick energy and having her call the cops.
"Hey baby, do you know where party clothes are I say with a wink?" I ask failing for hide my horniness while staring at her large black areola presenting itself to me.
With a haughty laugh, she exclaims loudly, "we sell party clothes, you want to dress nice and casual we got! you want ladies to see that nice ass, we got! You want eloquence we got!!" She says rather loudly and shamelessly.
Remembering Abigail's message that the more horny I become, the more desperate I will act, I ask to see the more risqué clothing available. With another loud laugh, this time having all the customers look over, she says "yeh man we got clothes to show of a big cock. If only she knew I thought to myself grinning.
Looking at the large assortment in front of me, the sales lady tells me that we got loin clothes, thongs....
Whatever else she said I don't remember as I was put in a trance at the piercings on her cunt lips, the nice big puffy pussy made me nearly start salivating at the sight of it. I look up to her eyes, and see that she is staring at me with a knowing grin.
"Aah boy you staring at my cunt she screamed" trying to look angry but failing with her obvious biting of her lips. "Aaah you want to look at my big tits too? She says as she shakes them and they respond well, moving undulantly under the perfect lighting making me hard. Suddenly she reaches her hand into my penis, making me spread my legs and thrust it out.
"Eeeehhhh, where is your cocky, boy? " she screams in confusion, making all 3 other customers have a look. From my horniness from the events before and my cock getting groped, it led me to take my shirt off and rip it in half which startled everyone. I then proclaim to my small audience, that I've got a micropenis, then rapidly pull my shorts off and kick it across the room, spreading my legs, flexing my ass and pointing at my cock.
The stunned silence, reverberated across the room, all eyes from all directions stared intently at my rock hard, throbbing erection that only amounted to a head and nothing else. Soon after, a burst of erupting laughter spread across the room from all directions making my my cock throb frantically. In front however, a vicious screech from the sales lady, of pure mockery and laughter showed in her eyes. Her boisterous laughter made her heavenly tits bounce like a yo-yo, which only excites me further.
Suddenly she comes to me yelling "where is your cocky boy!, it makes sense why you went to a party you got a micro penis, real men lost interest in us sexy women " she says frustrated while teasing her dark, hard nipples. "Well you want to show off boy, then wear this " she hands me a tiny loincloth.
With an audience watching, I put it in tying it on the side, immediately noticing that it barely even covered my minuscule penis. Not just that, my ass cheeks and hole were completely and utterly bare for full viewing pleasure for any leering women.
"Wait ere man" loudly exclaimed the women to go to the storage room of the shop.
In the meantime, I noticed a blue haired teenage girl with an average body but pretty face. Upon making eye contact, she looks nervous but I smile in reassurance, making her feel at ease and I eagerly lifted my little flap and posed standing upright with my other hand holding my pinky finger up, which the crowd made a few mocking comments which I couldn't hear well and a few laughs. I then in my excited haze, turned around a presented my asshole to the crowd which the girl recording loudly exclaimed "Oh my god gagahahah."
"Oi! shrimp dick!" Shouted the sales lady who returned interrupting me from my fever.
She exclaims she got an addition for the outfit she beams happily. She walks up to me with a permanent marker and quickly writes " shrimp dick 🤏" in massive writing on my chest. She then turns me around, pinches my ass, and writes "slap me" on both cheeks. True to the writing, she gives me a few slaps and the crowd laughs and applaudes my new outfit. I request to pay and she immediately says the only cost is my shorts which I happily oblige.
I say my goodbyes to the sales lady which she responds with " I hope that loincloth gets stolen from you in the party," she says with a wink and to top it off, to my fascination, she lifts her full dress up to the shock of everyone involved to her head, her cunt, shiny and well lubricated, and her nice dark big areoles leading to her firm erect nipples. I savour the beautiful sight in front of me and fight a war in myself to not jerk off. She puts her dress down and says "a parting gift to you boy!" In her classic loud voice and leave the store.
The rave
I enter the back of a line towards a flight of stairs going straight down, what awaits for me there remains a mystery. Thankfully within the line I get a lot of attention from the lady's, some of which are already drunk. Unfortunately it's very dark out so it's hard to see my attire unless someone's close to me.
"Mmm..nice exposed ass baby," says the new stranger from behind me in the queue where her groping hand intrudes my skin.
A pretty blue eyed blonde hair wearing a slutty cat costume, tries to stick my finger right inside my ass, I moan loudly, not caring who hears or sees and bends over a little and she begins piercing her finger into my hole like a spear. From the commotion the group of women in professional business attire standing in front turn around and first look at my face In shock, then a laugh, once they read what is on my chest.
"Somebody insulted you by the way, sir" one of the girls say grinning but nevertheless addresses you respectfully.
"Mmm.. yeah..ooh.." I reply overcome with excitement at my ass getting railed with onlookers.
"Well, whatever" her friend says "I wouldn't anyone to think I've got a little pecker for the life of me" she states confidently.
Finally I get into the club to find women of all sorts of clothing to professional to buck naked doing all sorts of cool dances and activities. The underground rave is massive I think to myself and I wonder where to go first. I am torn but get interrupted when I feel a hand pinch my ass and realise is that young blond woman with that catsuit.
"Didn't forget about me?" She asks in a sultry sexual voice.
"Mmmm..of course not baby"
"Come, let's dance" as she grabs my hand.
Rihanna rude boy starts blaring from the speakers.. "come her rude boy boy, are you big enough?"
I start gyrating my cock into her pussy while starting into her ocean blue eyes. Her eyes stare back in awe and horniness, but soon after goes to my chest and predictably questions the accuracy of it.
I reply, by gabbing her soft hand and pulling my cloth up for her to grab my erect pin-dick. Her eyes shoot it in amazement "holy fuck!" She exclaims with her eyes popping out.
"Hahaha glad you like it!"
"Fuck, that must be so humiliating, I'm sorry" she points still holding onto my erect dick. Her expression of genuine sorrow but also a slight smirk protruding.
"Oh, baby," I moan until I'm in front of her staring at her big blue ocean eyes with her blonde straight hair cascading onto her small bra straps from that sexy, very revealing cat costume. With us touching clits at this point, I exclaim "you haven't seen humiliation yet, I'm going to embarrassed the fuck out of myself tonight, because I love it."
"Well I can't wait to see that" as she cups both my ass cheeks with her hands "you better show off that tiny dick of yours real good "she says with a laugh.
I'll go and show you now " I exclaim and run up the stage and talk to the female D.J and whisper to her ear. As I'm the only man in the rave, I get given special privileges to enact my shame.
The shame.
The D.J calls on for everybody attending to stop what they are doing and set all eyes on me and the stage. To ensure this, bright lights blast me on the centre stage.Then begins the famous soundtrack, 20 fingers by Gillete, which the crowd gives a huge applause to.
I begin my dance by pointing to my chest, making women interested and simultaneously wondering if it's true. The opening lyrics begin and I start my dance.
I turn around and twerk. Left right, left right, up and down, feeling my ass undulate like a wave. The cheering and applause commence. I continue my tweaking, then finally voluntarily spread my ass as wide as it can go, giving a clear look to everyone hoping to see my asshole. The atmosphere is electric, women screaming, shouting to the lyrics in a wide array of clothing, to the laughter at the scenes on stage. I continue moving side to side, with my spread ass cheeks, the DJ pans all the lighting onto me and puts it on the big screen for anyone to see with ease.
I turn back around, catch my eye with the blonde woman and see her smile and wave, then proceeds to lick her pinky figure. With the lyric "That has got to be the smallest dick I have ever seen." I jump up and down, seeing my loin cloth move incrediously and with the lighting on me, I assume the crowd has seen glimpses of my penis at this point as shocked murmurs begin circulating around the club. The breeze on every crevice of my body and the lack of orgasms were really starting to get me frustrated now.
I shout to the audience if anyone wants to dance with me in the stage and immediately I see a tall Korean girl run up stark naked, her tits bouncing free with her small but rock hard dark nipples. Her body leads down to her firm, taut stomach and a nice hairy bush. She immidiently starts twerking like a crazed barbarian to the joys of the crowd, her pasty white ass blowing free to the world. With each aggressive shake she does, her ass bounces and spreads wide, showing her clean asshole to the crowd which I see in the big screen. Her large labia blowing free in the wind and doing a little dance on its own.
I rush up to her and start grinding my dick on her face. The softness and cuteness she emits just makes me grab the knot from my costume, and rip it off throwing it to the crowd in front of me. Now we are both completely naked with the cameras and lights on us.
Her face pops out of her skull in amazement and moans a deep sigh. I turn her around in a heat of passion so that she is facing the crowd. I grind on her bubbly ass as the song short dick man keeps going. In tune with my grinding she starts twerking on my dick. The electricity on my dick is enough to make me moan like a caveman. I in a frustrated frenzy tell her to "suck this dick," she immediately complied and stares at my face as she gets both cock and balls to her mouth. She trying her best to get more but there's not enough dick. I close my eye and grunt to the sky. The camerawomen in charge of what's being shown on the big board pans to the side so that everyone knows I've got a micropenis.
"Don't want no short dick man!" Chants the women of the crowd in a drunken frenzy, in turn the Korean stands up, turns to face me, and whispers that I want this cunt fucked, as she gives it a slap with the impact making her tits and labia jiggle. I immediately comply turning bending her over giving the crowd a view of us on the side and fucking her like a rabbit doggy. To my surprise she is extremely wet, like a fountain of holy water leaking from her sex and she moans. Does she really enjoy my microscopic dick fucking her?!
Hmm.. yeah..yeah..harder daddy!! She screams. The crowd record and laughs at the comical scene, a sexy women with massive breasts bouncing in the air moaning like a bitch possessed by a little thimble. The electricity in my nub rising like a crescendo, I quickly throw her to the ground, spread those milky white smooth legs as wide as it can go with her pussy facing the crowd. I kneel and begin fucking get with gusto. Her hands firmly grip my back and she moans "this is so fucking sexy, all eyes on me and my throbbing cunt, your cock feels so good in my pussy. " I now move harder than ever before feeling my ass jiggle with as much intensity as her tits. Her moans building up..
"..uh...uh..uuiuhj..UHHH..UHHH. OHH FUCKING SHIT" she screams in a ear piercing shriek, where people above could hear.
With that I get my hand while keeping my dick in her and rub her her clit in rapid fever, streaks of liquid explodes like a nuke on my chest, my face and my groin until it looks like I've fell face first into a puddle of water. The explosive fireworks lasted 30 seconds, during the end she pushes me off, ruining my own orgasm and stands me up facing the crowd, puts her hand on my ass and jerks me off in a rapid succession. Looking forward I see flashing lights of cameras, groups of girls pointing their pinkies at me while winking. and finally I catch my eyes on the blonde women, she drops her short shorts from her sexy cat costume and shows her glistening pussy, with her moisty excrement overflowing. With that I erupt like a raging volcano onto the crowd. The dunk girls from below lap my excrement aggressively they haven't drank anything in years, since they realised cum from a micropenis Is still cum, others continuing their recording of the spectacle in front.
With post nut clarity, I look at the Korean women and enjoy her lustful gaze, we kiss each other and I tell her my phone number hoping she will remember. She says she will and I for the last time look at her taut, womanly body and say my goodbyes and leave the stage. I also say my goodbyes to the blonde women which she plainly responds with
"Hope to see you again, baby dick," as she gives me a naughty slap on the ass.
The crowd chants the song of short dick man towards me as I wave them all a long and heartfelt goodbye for the fun I had and the orgasm I got.
Home:
I moan to myself as I put my bare ass on my couch and rejoice at the fun I had as I stare at my thimble. I get a message from Abigail from yesterday questioning me on what the hell I've been doing with lots of laughing emojis and tells me to check Fox News. I do as she asked and to my shock i see me on stage spreading my ass.. I realise to my surprise that the whole world will see what I've been doing in that party, the thought makes me get horny again but I control myself to not let me jerk off. I check Reddit too to see if it go on there, and fortunately it has, it is the top post. I read the top comments questioning why such a hot women would fuck a small dick like me, or how I could dare to take my clothes off like I did. With a grin I decide to go to bed, not bothering to put my clothes back on.