This is a 100% true tale of our visit to a swingers club.
My name is Tony. My girlfriend Andrea and I are your every day, couple next door. I own quite a large business and employ a lot of staff, I am well respected throughout my industry and very well known through our community.
Andrea works in community service. She is a very empathetic soul...loved by all. Butter would not melt in her mouth.
She is a beautiful, petite 5'1" blonde. Greatest bum ever. And aways smiling with a very demure innocence about her.
But, as we discovered last weekend, behind that quiet innocence lies an unleashed, insatiable, dirty little slut.
To celebrate Andrea's upcoming birthday, we mockingly joked about hiring an escort to join us for a threesome. A joke here and there...maybe a little less of a joke each time we mentioned it until Andrea messaged me randomly one day that she was serious about it...albeit with a few conditions.
Im a red blooded man...Im not about to let the opportunity slip, so I told her I would come up with a plan for a birthday play night for her.
I like the art of seduction... I find it incredibly more erotic to seduce someone emotionally rather than just fucking. So i got to thinking about how to best seduce Andrea's mind and give her the erotic release she deserved for her birthday.
Behind closed doors, she is a highly sexual person and we have a fantastic sex life, so if I planned the perfect seduction for our night then we would have an incredible, intimate memory for ourselves to play with long after her birthday was over.
The idea of an escort just didnt have any edge to it...no seduction...and i wanted so much more emotional arousal for my beautiful little minx.
Thank God for Google!
I discovered an exclusive, elite, invite only swingers club...and they were having a Ball in 3 days time.
So i messaged the club.
Being invite only, they asked for photos of us both and some basic information of us.
I sent the photos and information.
They liked us!
They sent us an invitation to the Ball.
Um...oh fuck!
Waves of both fear and excitement crept over me instantly.
That night Andrea and I spoke at length about whether we would go along. We decided we would go along for a look and with an open mind. We would see how it felt. Would we both feel safe? Secure in us? We could always have a look and leave if it wasn't right for us. Sure...lets go for a look!
So, I confirmed our names for the ball!
Um...oh fuck!
We were going to a swingers club!
Her birthday was still 2 weeks away, but no time like the present!
I booked us into a hotel near the club. I wanted us to sit down and have a few afternoon wines by the river and talk about the night ahead. What were our expectations? What were our rules? What were our boundaries?
Surely we were just going for a look...and maybe just a bit of play together in front of other voyeurs. Surely we would not be doing anything more wild than that!
Surely!
Saturday afternoon was spent drinking wine in the sunshine and talking about the night. We were both so horny and already half seduced that when i rubbed Andrea's pussy as we were getting ready, it was dripping wet!
We had slow, teasing, lingering sex as we were getting ready, but both stopped short of orgasms...to heighten our tease.
Very, very nervously we arrived at the club 5 minutes after opening and fumbled our way inside. There were already other couples mingling. Everyone was immaculately dressed. We could have been in any upmarket bar in town...until you walked to the back section of the club and saw the various rooms of pending sexual adventure!
As the nerves settled and we became more relaxed, another couple came over and started talking to us. Jim and Jenny. They were lovely, warm and friendly and we instantly felt relaxed with them.
Conversation was effortless. Both the laughter and wine flowed freely and we became more and more relaxed with our new friends.
The four of us had retreated to a lounge... the girls chatting away at one end and Jim and I at the other. I invited Andrea to come over and sit with me. I purposely placed her between Jim and I...I knew it would begin to arouse her being between 2 men... watching other couples beginning to play right in front of us!
Andrea and I chatted to make sure everything was ok and we were both feeling comfortable. We started kissing...slow passionate kisses of reassurance. I saw Jim and Jenny kissing also... they too were obviously feeling the mood.
I noticed Jim had moved his hand onto Andrea's bare upper thigh and was rubbing her sensually slowly. There was certainly no resistance from her.
I got up to go to the bar to get another wine for Andrea and I, and made sure to leave everyone else behind... to see what happens.
When I came back to the lounge I saw Jim had turned around and was kissing Andrea. She didn't stop kissing him when i returned and as i sat down she turned and started kissing me passionately.
She said to me, Tony... I'm so fucking on!
She had a super short dress on... and I asked her to take her knickers off. They came straight off!
There was more kissing and touching between the 4 of us over the next half hour or so. Jenny and Andrea were kissing passionately. Then Jenny and I. And lots of kissing between Andrea and I.
Eventually Jim asked me if Andrea and I would like to join them in one of the bedrooms.
I told him he should ask her instead.
Her answer was somewhere along the lines of "fuck yes!"
Jenny asked Andrea if she would prefer the chain up to keep voyeurs out, or the chain down to let other people in to watch us.
"Chain down" came her immediate reply.
Holy shit... my girl certainly was on!
Clothes went flying and we were all naked on the bed within seconds. I was on Andrea kissing her... touching her...rubbing her. Jim was on Jenny doing exactly the same. My dick was so hard. Andrea's pussy was dripping!
Jim looked over to me and nodded to swap.
No problem!
I moved over to Jenny and began to kiss her passionately. I started kissing her neck, then down to her breasts... my kisses moving down her stomach to her wet pussy. As I moved myself into position to pleasure her I looked across to Jim and Andrea. His face was already between her legs...her legs spread wide across the bed. Further up Andrea and Jenny were kissing. I pushed Jenny's legs further apart and began licking her pussy. Slowly licking her up... forcing my tongue inside her.
I used my hand to spread her lips to expose her... then began forcefully swirling my tongue over her swollen clitoris. Her back arched and her moans got louder. From what i could see, Jim was aggressively licking Andrea and she was moaning in pleasure.
I watched Jim climb up from his position and head towards Andrea. I watched him place his dick in front of her face and saw her head start bobbing back and forward... taking his dick in her mouth.
I got up from Jenny knowing I was about to have my swollen dick sucked by my new friend.
But I really, really wanted to see Andrea sucking Jims dick so I moved towards her face to get a better look.
I just about fainted when I saw the size of his dick. The thing must have been 10 inches long. My eyes were about 2 foot way from watching this thing vanish in and out of my girl's mouth.
She is a master of blowjobs! But I've never seen her give one from this angle. Her cheeks were sucked fully in as she dysoned his dick with everything she had.
I was on my back alongside Andrea. My dick was in Jenny's mouth and she was doing an amazing job of sucking me.
I was watching Jim's 10 inch dick sliding in and out of Andrea' mouth while Jims wife was blowing me. It was so hot!
I watched Jim's breathing start to change... heard his moans get louder. Then he began to spasm...as he poured his load into her mouth. As ever, she never spilt a drop.
This sent me over the edge and I unloaded into Jenny's mouth. She sucked every last drop out of me!
With Jim and I temporarily out of action, Jenny went over to Andrea and started kissing her again. Swapping our cum residue in their mouths.
Jim and I laid there watching the girls kissing and making out while Jenny slowly kissed her way down Andrea's body. Down her neck. Down her breasts. Down her stomach. Then positioning herself between her legs and licking her pussy.
Jim and I watched Jenny lick Andrea to a back arching orgasm.
By now we had a crowd of 4 or 5 standing immediately at the end of the bed watching. It was pure voyuerism!
Not finished yet, Jenny asked me if they could borrow Andrea for something she wanted to try. There was no chance i was going to object to anything!
Jenny sucked Jim hard again then told him to lay on his back. She straddled his dick, sliding him inside her. Then she told Andrea to sit on Jim's face, facing her. She very willingly did exactly as she was told.
Andrea and Jenny were kissing. Andrea was having her pussy licked again by Jim. Jenny was being fucked by Jim's monster dick. I was laying on my side. Watching! Masturbating! Seeing my dirty slut girlfriend in the most erotic scene I could imagine.
Andrea pushed Jenny backward to open her up and began licking her clitoris. Licking pussy is something she had no interest in doing... but she was certainly into it now.
Jim's dick was sliding in and out of Jenny's pussy about 1 inch from where Andrea was licking her clitoris.
It was so fucking hot!
By now, three of the guys standing immediately behind/alongside Jenny had their dicks out and were aggressively masturbating to the show.
As was I!
I asked Jenny and Andrea if they wanted these strangers to spray their cum over them. They both replied yes.
So I watched 3 guys bukkake Jenny and Andrea while they fucked Jim in the most erotic orgy i could every imagine.
About 10 seconds later I sprayed my second load onto the girls. They were dripping in cum.
Spend and exhausted... the four of us got and slowly got dressed and went back to the bar for one final drink.
Not bad for only going to the swingers for a bit of a look! What a night.
Best part...is that every word of this story is true!
Damn!