Tawny loves to be used by multiple guys who treat her roughly. Her desire to be used by strangers and treated like a slut is something that her husband Eric understands and supports, not only because he loves her, but because hearing about it is a huge turn-on for him as well.
While sex with multiple guys (and the occasional woman) is almost always a primary feature of these stories, they also contain explicit aspects of bondage, S&M, and other general kink.
It is suggested that you first read at least her origin story "Tawny and the Value Given" to better understand her lifestyle, and to get a general idea of what will (and won't) be happening to her in these stories.
Tawny charging her "customers" for these parties is an idea she had to get the type of sex she enjoys, but still have boundaries. She'd happily do it all for free! The money is just a way to ensure that the guys feel entitled to treat her as roughly as she wants to be treated.
Ideally, these stories should be read in order. However, if the reader's only interest is in hearing what is happening to Tawny in this installment, it's not strictly necessary. For the most part these stories are from Tawny's viewpoint, with some segments being from her husband Eric's viewpoint.
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Unlike the real world, STI's don't exist and The Pill is 100% effective. In reality, the lifestyle depicted here would present a large health risk, and a low but non-zero pregnancy risk. Tawny's sexual tastes are not shared by all, or probably even most, women.
Also note that when Tawny goes to a stranger's house for sex, they have been vetted and someone she trusts always knows where she's going and who she's meeting.
The Tawny Chronicles so far:
#1 - Tawny and the Value Given
#2 - Tawny and the Five Guys
#3 - Tawny and the Fraternity Reunion
#4 - Tawny and the Charity Food Drive
#5 - Tawny and the Farmhands
#6 - Tawny and the RPG
#7 - Tawny and the Customer Appreciation Party
#8 - Tawny and the Charity Gala
Copyright © 2021 by EightBits.
All Rights Reserved.

Tawny and the Charity Gala

Employee of the Month
As I drove to the Maru Oceanfront hotel, I was excited not only about the no-doubt interesting things that would happen to me there, but about seeing Miki and Perry again. Eric had been right, Iwaswondering how sex with Perry would be. I love that my relationship with Eric is so solid that I can tell him that I'm physically attracted to a guy, and not have him do the whole insecure jealousy thing! During our foray into the swinger world, we did see plenty of couples who had been together and having sex with other people for a very long time. It really helped support what I had learned about the lifestyle, that having sex with other people isn't to "help" a boring marriage, but that it's possiblebecauseour marriage is so solid.
This time, as I parked behind the hotel, it was Perry who came out to greet me at my car. "Hi Tawny, it's so nice that you are joining us again," he said with a smile.
"It's nice to be joined," I responded, and gave him two quick double-eyebrow raises. He played along and shook his head in mock exasperation. At least I hoped it was mock exasperation!
I followed him into the building, and he led me to a familiar storage-slash-dressing room, and stepped inside with me. I dropped my bag and sat down.
He remained standing, and said, "Miki is dealing with a kitchen issue, but she said to tell you she will be here to greet you as soon as she can." His expression turned serious, and he closed the door, then turned back to me.
"I wanted to apologize for breaking your trust by telling Miki what you had said to me the last time you were here," he said quietly. Last time I was here, I had sort of slipped out of character and hinted to Perry that I was not necessarily in this for the money, a fact he'd reported to Miki.
"Oh, no, Perry, I understand. I know your loyalty is to Miki. I hadn't asked you to keep any of our conversation private, so I'm not upset at all." Okay, Iwasa little upset in the moment, when Miki had told me he'd related that conversation to her, but I had quickly realized how silly that was.
I smiled at him, and he looked relieved. "Thank you Tawny. I hope you know I wouldn't have even told her if she hadn't first told me her suspicions, and asked if I had anything relevant to add."
I said, "So you know this isn't about the money then. You know it's something I just... enjoy." I felt myself blushing.
Perry's skin was too dark for me to see if he blushed also, but he did avert his eyes as he answered, "Yes, I do."
He continued, "I won't pretend to totally understand it, but I don't have to." He smiled again to show me that wasn't any sort of passive-aggressive disapproval.
"That's okay", I said. "I don't understand it one-hundred percent myself. But seriously, thanks for not judging me. Most people would."
"Umm, yeah, sure," he said, looking awkward. I was fascinated - up until that moment I hadn't seen him look anything other than cool and collected.
He tilted his head as he listened to his ever-present earpiece. "Duty calls. I hope tonight goes well for you." I thanked him, and he quickly slipped out the door.
You know I took advantage of the free time to play a video game. I wasn't exactlynervousbut I'm always excited at what's to come at these parties, so gaming helps me deal with my impatience. I'd just made it through another level, when there was a knock on the door, and I heard Miki say that it was her. I crossed to the door and opened it. She stepped in, and carefully closed the door behind her before giving me a hug.
"I'm so glad you'll be part of tonight's event," she said.
"Me too! And thank you for bringing me back. Last time was a lot of fun." It was nice to be able to say something like that to a client, and not worry that I was breaking my charade of being a purely mercantile prostitute. Not that there's anything wrong with that, it just wasn't what I happened to actually be doing.
"I hope tonight's events will be fun also," she said. We sat down and she continued. "How have you been? I'm sure you have had other adventures since you were here last."
She seemed genuinely interested, and thought about what I could tell her. I could mention the customer appreciation party, but obviously leave out the part where my husband attended incognito!
"I had a really interesting time on a produce farm," I said. "They weren't as creative as my previous party here was, but they showed me a good time. A nice rough gangbang."
"So that sounds like something you like. Not just pain and humiliation, but rough sexual use, correct?"
I had to shake a brief feeling that I was in a therapy session. Her calm, interested tone sounds like every therapist I'd ever seen portrayed on television.
"Yes," I admitted. "I really liked the creative things you did to me last time, but sometimes..." I tapered off, feeling like she might be disdainful of such base desires.
"...it's great to just have an almost endless line of guys waiting to use you roughly with their hard cocks?" She finished my sentence for me, smiling knowingly.
She took me by surprise, and all I could do was nod. I tried to picture elegant Miki offering herself to those farmhands, and could not.
Almost as though she was reading my thoughts, she inclined her head, saying, "Not exactly my cup of tea, but that doesn't mean I don't understand it. We all have our unrealized fantasies. Sometimes due to lack of opportunity, and sometimes because we feel they are better enjoyed if they remain in the realm of the fantastic. I would never judge you my dear."
Again, her knowing understanding warmed me. I loved having someone who knew what I liked, and wasn't critical of my choices. Other than you of course!
"Thank you Miki, that means a lot to me."
She said, "I will admit I was initially a little surprised by the 'customer appreciation' party you threw. I decided you were hoping to have some follow-up experiences with some of your favorite 'clients'. Was I correct?"
I couldn't tell her that it was my husband's idea, so he could get to see me being used, but what she'd said wasn't actuallywrong. "Yes, that was the plan."
"I thought so. It occurred to me that you might have thought I'd send Perry. I hope you weren't too disappointed that he couldn't attend."
"What... I mean why..." I stammered. "Why would you think that?" I tried to sound innocent.
"I've seen how most of the women at these parties look at Perry. You also did not seem displeased with the interactions you had with him. He's quite strong, as I'm sure you noticed." She smiled at me, and for the first time I noticed she had dimples.
I decided the best defense was a good offense. "If you thought the goal was for me to have fun, why did you send Harry of all people?" I think I managed to express surprised rather than annoyance.
This time her smile was more like that of the Cheshire-cat. "I thought you'd enjoy his rather Cro-Magnon approach to sex. Was I wrong?"
Damnit, she wasn't! Sheepishly, I admitted, "No, you were correct. Harryiskind of an asshole, but he used me the way I loved being used."
Of course, she had the grace to respond with a small self-deprecating smile rather than an I-told-you-so grin.
At one point in our conversation she had typed something into her phone, which had sort of surprised me. She was almost old-fashioned when it came to conversational etiquette. The reason became clear to me when there was a knock on the door, followed by Perry opening it and stepping inside. His eyes swept the room, then focused on Miki.
"Is everything okay?" he asked her. "You said to come here ASAP."
"Yes, yes, quite okay. I apologize if my message concerned you," she said.
"Perry, you know what a valuable a member of my team you are. And I wanted to show you just how much I appreciate the excellent way you've handled some of the recent challenges our organization has faced."
He looked at her somewhat quizzically, and she continued. "Since I have purchased Tawny for the evening, I think she'd make a lovely reward for your efforts. Please feel free to use her as you see fit until our show begins tonight."
I'm not sure who's expression was more shocked, his or mine. We stared at each other. Then, as if on cue, we turned to stare at Miki. She calmly met our gazes, and said to him, "Yes, I'm sure," as she anticipated the question he was going to ask.
To me, she said, "Tonight, I decide who gets to enjoy you, and how. Giving you to a valued employee falls well within our contract." She winked.
Without another word, she left the room, closing the door firmly behind her.
Perry
Perry and I stood there looking at each other awkwardly. I wasn't quite sure whyhefelt awkward, he certainly didn't strike me as hesitant around women. I, on the other hand, knew exactly why I felt awkward. Some of it was the abrupt way Miki had sort of thrown us at each other. Beyond that, of course, was the fact that he was Eric's former co-worker, and somewhat-friend.Hemay not have known I was Eric's wife, butIsure did!
He spoke first, "Uhhh, Tawny, I know she said it's not up to you, but all three of us know that it is. I'm pretty sure Miki just felt that pronouncement would play into your fantasy."
She wasn't wrong. It had, and ithadmade me hot. So this was the new thing that Eric said would be "a little beyond what I usually did"! He knew I found Perry attractive, so had arranged (or at least allowed) this hall-pass for me to act on that attraction!
Giving him my best come-hither look, I said, "You heard the lady."
I unbuttoned my blouse, and shrugged it off my shoulders, exposing my bare breasts. Although he'd certainly seen me naked before, he stared at my breasts with a satisfying amount of lustful interest. I felt my nipples harden.
"I guess we're doing this," he said, as he stepped forward. He reached down and cupped my breasts in his hands, and I gave a low moan. His hands felt warm, and surprisingly soft.
"You can tie me up if you want," I said. I had no idea what he was into personally, but I felt it was only polite to offer.
Gently rubbing my nipples, he said, "Not tonight," and kissed me.
For a moment, I didn't know what to do. Kissing had never come up, which was weird now that I think about it. It wasn't something Eric and I had even considered when making up The Rules. I guess both of us had assumed the kind of parties I was hired for wouldn't involve that kind of intimacy, and so far, that had been true. My mouth was for their cocks, or to have a gag shoved in it, and that was all.
I had a split-second to decide before it became weird. Going with my instincts, I returned Perry's kiss. His kiss was soft and tentative, as though he wasn't certain I'd respond, and wanted to make it clear he was asking, not demanding. Our lips met as Perry's hands tightened on my tits, and I felt a wave of heat flush through me. I opened my mouth, and kissed him hungrily. After a second, he did the same, our tongues meeting. I reached around and pulled myself against him. Even through his suit pants, I felt his hard erection on my thigh.
He broke our kiss, and nuzzled his face into my neck, as he said quietly, "I have to admit, I've been hoping I'd get a chance to do this at some point."
I answered that the best way I knew how. Reaching down, I unbuckled his belt and then worked on unbuttoning his pants. I got that done about the point he moved his lips up to my ear and began gently nibbling on my earlobe. Yes, I know you might be asking yourself "what doesn't?" when it comes to things that turn me on, but that definitely did!
I said, "And I've been hoping I'd a chance to dothis." I dropped to my knees, unzipped his pants, and pulled down his boxers. His hard cock sprung free, and it was as impressive as I'd thought it would be. At least seven inches long and proportionally thick! Long thin cocks feel good too, but I do love the sensation of having my pussy full.
Starting at his balls, I licked my way up his shaft, then took the tip into my mouth. He moaned. I kept my tongue swirling around his cock as I took him deeper into my mouth. When I got to the point where the head of his cock just started to make me gag, I pulled my head back to where he was barely in my mouth and repeated the process.
"Can I go deeper?" he asked.
Removing his cock from my mouth for a second, I smiled at him and said, "I think Miki would tell you that's what she's paying for."
I put my lips back around his cock, and he placed his strong hands on the back of my head. When a guy does that it always make me really hot, knowing that they are taking control. Going from giving them a blowjob to having my mouth fucked makes me feel deliciously slutty!
"Won't disappoint her then," he said as he began to pull my head towards him, his cock sliding deeper into my mouth. It reached the depth where I previously been stopping, and he just kept pulling as I gagged on the head of his cock. With it all the way in, he held me there for a couple seconds, then pulled back, letting me take a breath.
"God, that feels good," he said. I started to reply, but he repeated the process. Guys do love the feel of a girl gagging on their cocks! With most guys, even when they have their hands on my head like that, I still feel like I have the ability to stop them, should Iwantto really resist. With Perry, it felt like that wouldn't matter. If he wanted his cock in my throat, those strong hands would see that it was. But since I trusted him, that feeling of helplessness did nothing but excite me, and make me wetter.
He did that a few more times, slowly pushing his cock deep into my mouth. I kept my tongue busy, licking his cock as much as I could as it traveled in and out. He let go, and checked his watch, saying, "As much as I'd like to take this slow..."
I finished it for him. "...there's not much time before the show starts."
He nodded, and helped me to my feet. I undid my skirt, dropping it to the floor. I wasn't wearing any panties. His eyes closed slightly as he stared at my naked pussy, and he ran his tongue across his upper lip in anticipation. Reaching down, he grabbed my ass, and I wrapped my arms around his neck as he shifted his grip, spread my legs, and lifted me up off the ground. Holding me effortlessly, I felt the tip of his hard cock rub against my pussy lips.
"Ready?" he growled softly. I answered by pulling myself forward, kissing him hungrily. He lowered me onto his cock, impaling me with it. I moaned in pleasure at the sudden fullness. His cock was a great size, nice and thick. and going satisfyingly deep into my body.
"Mmmmmm, Tawny, it feels so good to be in you." He began to fuck me, slowly and firmly. He held me effortlessly, flexing his hips to drive his cock up and down into my pussy. His strokes were sensual - slow and firm.
Between my ever-louder moans, I managed to say, "Oooooh, yeah, it feels really good to me too." I felt my excitement grow with each of his deliberate thrusts. My reaction seemed to have a positive effect on him, and he increased the pace of those long, smooth thrusts, his breathing getting heavier.
"Oh, keep it up, I'm getting so close," I begged. By this point I'd stopped kissing him, my eyes were closed, and my head was thrown back as the heat in my pussy intensified.
"That's good," he murmured, "are you going to come for me?" He began to thrust even faster. He was now using his arms to lift me up and down a little as he fucked me. It had to be a strain, but he seemed more interested in my impending orgasm than he was in getting to his own. A very unusual thing for me to experience while at one of the parties. Normally, when I came it was a by-product of whatever the guy was doing for his pleasure, and far from their goal.
"Oh, oh, oh," I said, "Yes... so... close... so close... oh." I was right at the edge.
He said, "Me too. Your pussy feels incredible, but I don't want to come so soon. You're so smooth and tight, you're going to make me come whether I want to or not." He made an "Uhhmmnnn" noise and I could tell he was losing his battle to hold off his own orgasm.
Hearing him say how much he was enjoying me gave me the last bit of stimulation I needed, and I screamed "Yes" as a strong orgasm welled up and engulfed my body. He kept thrusting as I rode his cock, and surfed the waves of my orgasm. It finally subsided, and his cock still moving in and out of my sensitive post-orgasm pussy sent shivers of almost too-intense sensation through me.
"Oh, yeah," he groaned, as he thrust up into me and held himself there, his hands gripping my legs tightly as he strove for even deeper penetration. I loved feeling his cock pulse over and over as he came in me.
I held him even tighter, my face buried against his chest as he came down from his orgasm. After a minute, he lifted me off of his still-hard cock, and I felt his cum dripping out of me and onto the (fortunately) tile floor, making a small puddle. He set me down on my semi-steady legs, and I grabbed a handful of tissues to wipe off a little before I collapsed onto the sofa. Perry sat down next to me and we quietly enjoyed the afterglow, something that was also unheard of at these parties!
After a time, I said quietly, "Well, that was nice."
"Yeah, it really was. You are one sexy woman, Tawny."
I said, "Right back 'atcha. Well, the sexy part, not the 'woman' part of course." I smiled.
He chuckled, "I know what you meant, but thanks for the clarification."
Perry stood up, and began dressing. "Sorry to be all wham-bam-thank-you-ma'm, but I've got to get back to work," he said apologetically.
"Technically, me too," I said. "And you know you don't need to apologize, right?"
"Yeah, well, sure. But still. I know what we just did isn't exactly what you came here for tonight." I honestly think he was a little embarrassed. You know you've chosen an interesting path when a guy is apologizing fornotjust treating you like a bitch to be fucked. While I wouldn't call what we'd just done "making love", it was also nowhere near the rough, sex-object treatment that I was there for.
"Perry, we both know I'm not here just for the money, and I'd like to think you know that's not why I just let you have sex with me. I appreciate the way you and Miki have treated me, and consider you friends."
He looked a little relieved, and said, "Well, I'm truly happy you feel that was, and I'm not just saying that because of the obvious 'benefits' to being your friend." He gave me a grin.
By now, he was dressed, and I'd slipped my skirt back on and was buttoning my blouse. We gave each other a quick hug, and he was off, once again the calm, competent security professional making sure the gala went smoothly.
I sat down and thought about what had just happened. I hadn't expected to have sex with Perry, although I'd certainly thought about it before tonight. When I did imagine it, it had been more like the type of sex I had at these parties, as in justsexwith guys I didn't really know, and who treated me like just the proverbial sex-object.
The line between sex with Eric and sex at parties was nice and clear. Sometimes Eric and I "made love", and sometimes we "fucked", but it was always based on our love for each other. Eric was as interested in my pleasure as I was in his, and sex was something we did together.
Sex at the parties didn't involve love, or even friendship. Often I didn't even know the guys names, and I'm pretty sure a lot of them didn't care if they knew mine. It was always just "fucking", and the guys were interested only in their own pleasure. Oh, sure, sometimes they wanted to see me get excited, reacting with pleasure to what they were doing to me, maybe even have an orgasm. But that was just another aspect of them being in control, by making me cum whether I wanted to or not. An orgasm wasn't something theysharedwith me, orgaveme, it was something they made their toy have.
What Perry and I had done didn't fit in either of those categories. His joke that alluded to friends with benefits was actually pretty accurate. It was a fun experience, and I loved that Eric was comfortable letting me satisfy my curiosity about how sex with Perry would be!
It's Electrifying
The knock on the door wasn't Perry, as expected, but Dana, one of Miki's bondage team members.
"Hi Tawny," she said. I wasn't sure she had known my name - in our previous encounters she'd treated me more like just another piece of her bondage gear.
"Dana," I said, and nodded.
"Miki wanted me to reassure you about tonight's show."
Well,thatwas ominous. I wasn't sure if it excited me or concerned me. "Ok," I said. "Reassure away!" I smiled at her. I might think she was cold and impersonal, but I was still going to be polite. I've learned you can't always take people at face-value. Just because she might have a poor "bedside manner" didn'tnecessarilymean she disliked me, or was trying to be a jerk.
Dana said, "Nothing we have planned is actually dangerous, despite what you may have learned from movies and TV shows." She paused. "It can of course be dangerous if not done properly."
So this was her being reassuring? I looked at her skeptically, which she noticed. Ok, not completely unaware of other people's reactions then.
"What I mean is that my team and I are very knowledgable, and very careful. It might be painful, and some of the sensations may be alarming at first, but you will be entirely safe."
I said, "Umm, Dana?Whatmight be painful and alarming?" I had no idea what she was talking about.
A look of comprehension came over her face, and she said, "Oh, of course, sorry. I forgot that you like to be 'surprised' in your work. Authentic reactions I believe Perry has said. Good work ethic." She nodded in approval, and looked at me, but didn't say anything more.
"So... still in the dark here," I said, trying not to sound annoyed.
"Ah, yes, well then. The electrical play you will be experiencing tonight."
Like a light coming on (no pun intended), I understood her wanting to reassure me, as electrical play was on my "no" list, for good reasons.
And then it struck me. (Like lightning. Sorry.) Oh,shit.Wasthiswhat Eric had been talking about when he told me there would be something new and a little beyond what I usually do? So maybe he hadn't given me a hall-pass to have sex with Perry! Frack frack frack. But surely he'd understand me drawing the wrong conclusion, right? Frack. Nothing I could do about it at the moment, but I really needed to ask Miki if she had made Eric aware of her plan to gift me to Perry, the first chance I got.
Dana had been patiently looking at me while I had my moment of panic, and of course she thought it was about the electrical play, which it would have been if not for the whole Perry thing.
"I can assure you it will be safe, but if you aren't completely comfortable, Miki will understand," she said.
Electrical play, done properly, is entirely safe. Done incorrectly,notsafe. Between the aforementioned TV shows and movies, and yes, some porn, a lot of people labored under gross misunderstandings of what was safe and what was not.
Most guys first thought would be connecting alligator clips to a girl's nipples and zapping them. Fun as that might seem, it was actually hella dangerous, despite what they may have read or seen in media that was pretty careless about the facts. Rather than hope that some client understood the dangers, we forbade it altogether.
But this group was one of the few so far that I'd trust.
"No, no, it's fine, I trust you guys. This sounds like it will be an interesting experience for me." And it was going to be. Electrical play was one of the few things that Eric and I had never gotten around to trying!
She said, "Are you ready to go?"
I told her I was, and proceeded to follow her out of the back rooms, and onto the stage. I looked out at the room, which looked a little over half full. Guests were steadily arriving, however, and it looked like there would be a full house for my upcoming show.
At the front of the stage, she motioned for me to sit down in something I'd only loosely describe as a "chair". I slipped out of my robe, and sat down. It had a straight back to it, with D-rings up and down each of its sides. The seat was small, basically a ledge just big enough for my butt, and there were two wings that spread out from that which my legs rested on.
Dana tightened straps around my waist, my chest just below my boobs, and my upper legs. My ankles she cuffed to the legs that supported the "wings". She cuffed my wrists down low, leaving my arms comfortably at my sides. I basically looked like I was sitting on a chair with my legs widely spread, only the seat of the chair was very small and left my pussy exposed and hanging off the front of the seat.
"I'll be back when the show starts," she said, and left the stage. I just sort of zoned-out for a while, staring into space and thinking back on what I'd just done with Perry, and not really looking at the guests as they arrived. So I was startled when a voice almost at my feet said, "Bitch, you make a great decoration."
I looked down, and there, of course, was Harry.
"Hello, Harry," I said, keeping my voice neutral but polite. He was a guest after all, and I didn't want to disappoint Miki by being rude to her donors.
"A 'Hello Harry'? That's all I get after all the fun we had at the last party?" he said in a mocking tone. I wasn't sure if he meant the last Charity party, or the Customer Appreciation party. The last Charity one had been more fun for him than for me, but I had to admit I'd enjoyed his rough use at our Customer Appreciation party - not that I'd let him know that.
"I'm glad you had fun," I said, voice still neutral.
"Oh, I did." He pointed between my wide-spread legs. "Enjoyed fucking your tight little pussy doggy style. I told you I was looking forward to the next time, and I meant it. Hoping it will be tonight, but Miki likes her surprises, so don't know if I'll get to have you again or not. Probably not," he mused. "These parties are usually more about show. Guess even a slut like you couldn't spread for every guy here, now could you?" He chuckled.
He continued, "Ah, well, I'm patient. Plenty of fish in the sea." He winked at me. "But I'm sure I'll enjoy watching whatever she's got planned for you."
I said, "I hope that you do." To my surprise, I actually sort of meant it. I watched as he turned and headed towards his table, greeting a couple of the men, andallof the women he passed on the way.
I returned to my daydreaming, and although I tried to get back to thinking about the sex I'd just enjoyed with Perry, thoughts of Harry fucking me from behind kept intruding. I sat there and wished Dana had left my hands free so I could reach my pussy, as my daydreams combined with my current display was making me more than a little horny!
My frustration was short-lived. A minute or two later Dana returned. The first thing she did was move my cuffed wrists from my sides, raising my arms above my head and attaching my wrists to the back of the chair, holding them there. The second thing was to reach down and semi-gently stick her finger in my pussy, which felt really good in my excited state. I moaned a little and thrust my pelvis as far forward as I could, hoping she'd take the hint. If she noticed, she didn't show it, withdrawing her finger as quickly as she'd stuck it in, saying "Nice and wet, I see. Good." To my surprise, she left the stage as Miki made her way to the podium.
Miki looked at the crowd expectantly, and conversation tapered off quickly. She said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to our fourth event of the year. Thank you so much for joining us tonight, and for your continued generosity. I know you are all anxious for the entertainment to begin, so indeed it shall." She paused while they applauded.
"As you can see, our lovely Tawny is firmly tied to our Sex Chair, with her pussy completely accessible. The wings coming off the chair's seat are adjustable so her legs can be spread at any desired angle. Tawny is quite flexible, and you can see that we have them spread quite widely, making her nether regions completely accessible."
I could see a few people nod in agreement, some of them looking very interested is seeing just what Miki had planned for that access...
"Tonight's first event will have her experiencing some electrical play." This was followed by more applause.
"Electricity as an interesting way to play with a girl, as some of you may know. Intense sensations can be felt, but done properly there is no actual physical injury." Miki gave a small smile and said, "Even though the subject may have a hard time believing that as it is occurring. And now, I will turn the show over to our own Mistress Dana." She looked at the curtains at the rear of the stage, and gestured.
Dana stepped out, saying, "Thank you Miki." My jaw dropped. Dana had been wearing stylish, but very conservative, dresses every time I had seen her. She had changed into a bright red leather outfit that looked like it came from a store that would have been called The Dominatrix Closet. Her long black hair made a great contrast against the red outfit, and she was wearing matching platform shoes.
It was like those movies where the conservative, mousy-looking librarian puts on a sexy dress, takes her hair out of a bun and lets it down, and takes off her glasses. A movie where the leading man's next line is always, "My god, Miss Smith, you're beautiful!", delivered in a stunned voice with an equally stunned expression on his face.
I was the only one stunned apparently, because the crowd applauded her, but no one looked surprised. I guess I was too new to have seen her make this transformation at previous events.
"Ok, bitch, time to get you wired up," she snarled. One of the event staff rolled one of those large tool-chests that has all kinds of drawers out onto the stage, and placed it in front of Dana. Opening a drawer, the first thing she produced was a modestly-sized dildo that had a couple long wires trailing from it.
"This goes up your slutty pussy, which is so wet we don't even need to bother with any lube," she said to me. Her appearance had been a surprise to me, and so was her entire demeanor. Her voice, usually polite and sort of monotone, was now expressive and commanding.
She placed it at the entrance to my pussy, and slowly slid it in. The size wasn't the point here, so it slid in nicely, and she stopped only when the wide flange at its base was against my outer lips.
"Can't have this falling out, can we?" Grabbing two lengths of tape, she made an "X" over the base of the dildo, securing it inside me. I was glad my pubic area was waxed smooth!
While Dana went back to the drawer for the next toy, the guy who had rolled the chest out attached the wires to a small box. The box had a couple dials on it, and he made sure of their setting, flipped a switch and saw two LEDs light up, nodded in satisfaction and turned it off.
By this time, Dana was behind me, and although I hadn't seen what new item she had taken from the drawer, I became well aware of what it was as she placed a well-lubricated butt-plug against my rear opening, and began to push.
"You could warn a girl," I said to her in a surprised tone.
Ignoring my comment, she said to the audience, "The one for her tight little ass Ididlube. I want her butt nice and comfortable so she can concentrate on how it feels when the current starts flowing." She gave a devilish smile.
Maintaining a steady pressure, it slowly slid into me, and again she didn't stop until the base was up against me. Due to its shape, no tape was needed to make sure it stayed inside me.
The wires from it were attached to another box, as Dana obtained a clear glass nipple clamp. "Of course, I'm not going to neglect such pretty breasts."
She applied it to my left nipple, making me say, 'Ow" as she tightened it. I could see small metal electrodes inside it, and touching each side of my nipple. The two wires from it were also led to a box next to the others, which were all placed on a second podium that had been brought out onto the stage.
She said, "Electrical current appliedacrossthe chest in any fashion is extremely dangerous. You will note that each of the clamps and dildos are connected to individual battery-powered control units. Current will only be applied between those specific electrodes, removing any risk of allowing the current to take a dangerous path."
While she had been giving the crowd the reassuring safety lecture, she had also been busy giving my right breast and nipple a somewhat different setup than the left. She obviously had no regard for my love of symmetry! While my right nipple didn't get a clamp, it did get sticky pad a little larger than my aureola applied to it, with of course a wire coming it. A bare wire had been placed around the the base of that breast, with the insulated lengths running to a fourth control unit. I had sort of been expecting the cattle-prod and handheld "zapper" stuff you see in a lot of bondage porn, but wasn't disappointed that wasn't Dana's style. Those cattle-prods always looked way more painful than fun to me!
"There we go," she said in a satisfied tone. "Both holes, and both tits nice and wired up. Now we can begin. To start with, a demonstration of pleasure."
She walked over to the podium, adjusted some dials, flipped a switch and then pressed a button. I felt a light tingling between my legs, which was obviously coming from one of the the dildos, but it was hard to localize.
She began to narrate. "I am applying just a little bit of electricity to the probe inside her pussy, barely enough for her to feel. Now, let's turn that up and set the controls to provide slow pulses of current."
She turned a couple dials, and the tingling rose to a strong sensation, not painful but it did feel very strange. I felt my pussy contract a little, and it was the current doing it, not me. She turned the dial up, and the contractions became stronger, my pussy squeezing against the dildo, as the pulses peaked about every five seconds. The weirdness went away as I got more used to it, and it began to feel pretty good. Even though it was my muscles squeezing the dildo, versus it moving, it was starting to get me off. I closed my eyes.
Dana said, "The current pulses are making her squeeze and fuck that dildo, just like this slut does when any guy sticks their cock into her. She's really starting to enjoy it, so let's step it up."
The interval between pulses got shorter, and I could feel my excitement building. Just when I thought I might get there, the pulses stopped, damnit. I felt my orgasm, which had been so close, rapidly receding.
"No, no, slut, no orgasm for you just yet," Dana said, as she caressed my cheek, then slapped me. Hard - it stung! She was really getting into the whole Dominatrix thing.
Or maybe thiswasher actual personality, and the whole polite, monosyllabic personality was the act? Further, as I of all people should know, maybe neither was an act, just different facets of her personality, ones that she showed as appropriate to the context. After all, I was both a somewhat buttoned-down editor at a major newspaper,anda wanton slut who got off on letting guys treat her like a sex toy. I didn't feel that either one of those Tawny's was an act, other than the added pretense of me doing this for money rather than to satisfy my own kinky desires.
Dana looked out at the audience, and said, "Now that we have given her some pleasure, would you like to see just what other sensations we can give her?" To no one's surprise, that got a loud burst of applause.
Selecting the controller that ran to my left nipple, she pressed a button, and I felt a surge of current through the sensitive tip of my breast. I gave another yelp.
Dana said, "That was a fairly mild shock, and just one pulse. Nipples are a very sensitive area, and these electrodes are small, so the current is fairly concentrated. I can not only set the intensity of the shocks, but also the frequency of the pulses. A steady shock quickly becomes less noticeable, so using pulses gives the contrast that keeps the sensations fresh."
That same sharp jolt of current resumed, a steady stream of pulses this time. I exclaimed, "Ow ow ow" as each one hit, shaking my breast from side to side as much as I could. This was just a reflex, and of course it didn't help, but I'm sure the audience enjoyed watching my breasts shake back and forth as I yelped in pain.
"Although the audience is no doubt enjoying watching, you can shake those titties all you want Tawny, it's not going to help," said Dana.
The pain in my nipple stopped, and was replaced by a mild sensation as she switched to sending a shock through my other nipple and breast. I was feeling it in my nipple, but it was minor compared to the shock I had felt on the other nipple.
"The current flowing from her other nipple and through her breast to the wire that encircles it needs to be stronger, because the contact is more spread out. Happily, we can make it stronger," she said.
The mild sensation quickly grew to be surges of pain throughout that breast, although it was still more intense right around the nipple. Dana let those continue as she produced a ball gag, walked over to me, and took advantage of one of my yelps to wedge it into my open mouth.
"Can't have you getting too noisy from what comes next, slut" she announced as she buckled the straps. I felt a thrill of fear run through me, as the shocks I was already getting were pretty painful. I thought about the plug inside my ass, and moaned in anticipation.
Dana said to the audience, "Let's give her tits a rest, and show her what the probe inside her ass can do. I'm sure she's curious." Sometimes I hate to be right.
She pressed buttons, and the shocks to my breast stopped, only to be immediately replaced by a literal pain in my ass. I gave a shrill scream into the ball gag. The strong shocks she was applying to my asshurt. This went on for a minute or two, with me settling in to the pain, and actually starting to enjoy it. She was using just enough current that it stayed in the "sexy pain" realm, at least for me. (A bit of a Masochist, remember?)
"Let's give her a rest in general," said Dana. "Repeatedly shocking the same area results in de-sensitization to the sensation after a while, and we want her to fully experience the final demonstration." Oh good, that wasn't ominous at all.
Miki took advantage of the brief time I was given to rest to give a quick report on how well the charity was doing, and so on. I'll admit, I wasn't really listening, just thinking about how interesting the shocks had been. And yes, maybe fretting a little about what Dana had planned for the last demonstration!
Miki's "commercial break" over, Dana resumed. "Like any good fireworks show, at the end we put together all of the things you have seen in one great display."
The shocks to my pussy resumed, but this time they were even stronger, making the contractions painful against the unyielding dildo inside of me. As soon as I had a chance to really start feeling that, the shocks to my left nipple started, also stronger. This time it felt like getting needles jabbed into my nipple, and I had to look down to reassure myself that wasn't what was happening. The current through my right breast resumed, also even more painful than before. The wire around the base of my breast felt like it had turned into barbed-wire.
And last but not least, the plug in my ass came alive, with pulses of current so strong I felt my muscles back there contracting just like my pussy muscles were. In this case, those contractions made it feel like the plug was expanding and contracting, even though instead it was just my muscles tightening around it with each pulse of electricity.
I closed my eyes and bit down on the ball gag, screaming and thrashing my breasts side-to-side even harder than before. It felt like this all went on forever, with Dana varying the pulse rate and intensity just enough to keep the sensations fresh, and not letting me anticipate the rhythm. Incredibly, I again felt an orgasm rapidly growing, and with a suddenness that took me by surprise, my yelps of pain turned into one long wordless yell as my body shook with both an orgasm and the shocks that continued to surge through my body.
One second I was being carried away by the orgasm and the pain of the electricity, and the next both were rapidly fading. I let my head fall forward, exhausted and sweaty, as I enjoyed the feeling of my pussy muscles again being mine alone to command.
The Raffle
This time, Perry had led me out onto the stage after my well-earned break from the previous show. I was wearing quite the outfit, one designed to advertise all my best assets. Six-inch heels made me look even taller than I normally did, and between them and a skirt that ended a centimeter below my pussy, my legs looked great, if I do say so myself. Very long, very tan, and very taut. My breasts were supported, but barely covered, by a bright red bustier that matched the skirt. It was made of a sheer material that teased more than it hid.
I stood next to the podium as Miki addressed the guests. "Tonight's final event will be a raffle. The winner will be able to spend up to an hour enjoying Tawny in any way they choose."
A guy at on one of the tables in front raised his hand, "Excuse me Miki, do you really meananyway we choose?" he said archly.
Miki smiled back, although the smile did look a little frosty. "I'm well aware of your proclivities, Terry. At the risk of disappointing you, I must point out that there will be limits in place. I'm not going to list them all, but the winner will be apprised of them."
Terry wasn't done. "So, Miki, who sets these limits - her, oryou?" I got the impression that this might not be the first time Miki had drawn a line he wasn't thrilled with.
"As always,myjudgement will apply." There wasdefinitelysome frost in her smile now! I also noticed she hadn't exactly answered the question, but Terry wasn't a complete idiot. He intentionally avoided looking at Perry, who was staring at him with a carefully neutral expression on his face. After a moment, Terry nodded and let her continue.
"Iwillstate a couple of the ground rules," she said. "The venue will be here on the stage, in full view of the assembled guests." I noticed a mix of frowns and smiles from the attendees at that news.
"Active participants will be limited to the winner themselves, plus their spouse, partner, or one other guest of their choosing." She looked at one of the tables towards the middle of the floor, and added, "We certainly don't want to discriminate against any of our polyamorous guests, so should a member of alegitimatearrangement of that nature win, all of their partners will be allowed to participate."
Terry raised his hand again, and Miki spoke, anticipating his question. "By 'legitimate', I meanpreviouslyknown to me. This is not a loophole for you and your cohorts to crawl through."
He smiled and tipped his head, acknowledging being outmaneuvered. He said pleasantly, "Of course, of course. There are always multiple paths to a goal, and I'm very patient."
Miki looked at him, and for the briefest of moments I thought she was going to reply, but she smoothly moved on from his somewhat mysterious comment and resumed talking to the audience.
"Each raffle ticket is $500. You may see any of our staff to purchase tickets. Please remember the proceeds from this party will go towards providing health services for underserved members of our community, so give generously."
She smiled at the crowd, then turned to me and quietly said, "Terry had earlier expressed interest in arranging for some 'time' with you, and I made it clear to him that we hire you for the guest's entertainment, and not to 'pimp you out'. I also refused to give him information about how we had gone about hiring you. Since you do, after all, advertise, it would not surprise me if he contacts Eric and wants to arrange a party. I would suggest that if he does, you should decline."
Without explaining further, she left the stage and began to work the crowd, showing genuine pleasure as she greeted various well-dressed and wealthy-looking guests. I watched her for a while, and noticed equally warm and equally genuine pleasure as she also talked with guests who looked much more like they actually worked for a living. Interesting, and it supported my feeling that while money was obviously a major goal of these parties, Miki did not value people only in proportion to how much money they had.
I stood there, allowing the guests to see just what their raffle ticket might win them. I know, after both the earlier show, and indeed the previous party, you'd have thought they had seen plenty of me, but nonetheless people kept walking by and staring. Yes, I did find it sort of a turn on.
Being on display, with nothing actuallyhappeningto me gave me more time to think about Miki's cryptic caution about Terry. Obviously his interests concerned Miki, and while I appreciated her looking out for me, it did make me curious. I don't think she was warning me about anything truly dangerous. I couldn't see her allowing someone like that to attend her events, no matter how generous a contributor they might be. This is why Eric worries about me sometimes - thinking about whatever perverted thing Terry was into had me more excited than cautious. I do like my boundaries pushed, and obviously Miki thought Terry would push them. The slutty masochist part of me was definitely a little turned on by the thought.
I noticed a familiar face coming towards me through the crowd, and stopping at the edge of the stage. "I enjoyed watching you being zapped up there. Some of that looked fun, and some looked painful," said Kellie, giving those last words a slightly throaty edge. Not a surprise of course, Kellie had made it pretty clear at the last party just how much she enjoyed seeing me in pain. Or humiliated. Or both.
"Hi Kellie. Glad you enjoyed it." Apparently tonight was my night to be polite to people who enjoyed being less than polite to me. First Harry, and now Kellie. "Too bad that wasn't an audience participation event. I know you'd have enjoyed the chance to turn those dials all the way up."
"Oh, I would have, bitch, I would have."
I said, "Hoping to still have your fun by winning the raffle?"
To my surprise, her answer was no. "I've got much better fun planned."
I looked at her quizzically, and she announced, "My husband and I have booked you for a party we are holding later this month."
I guess I looked both shocked and concerned, because Kellie smiled quite happily at getting her hoped-for reaction. She nodded, and said with relish, "I plan to have an entirenightof fun with you. I asked your associate to keep that as a surprise, so I could see your face when I told you. And it looks like he kept his word!"
He had, damn it. I was completely taken by surprise. And Iwasalso a little chagrined. Guys I understood, and could count on to be mostly interested in just fucking me. But I was pretty sure I could count on Kellie to focus on humiliation and pain, since she wasn't going to be distracted by using my pussy for pleasure, or get relaxed and sleepy after her orgasm like most guys do.
And, I was going to have a talk with Eric about keeping this a surprise. Good customer service was one thing, and admittedly I've asked him to keep my parties as much of a surprise as possible, but I'd told him all about Kellie and the last party, so I'd have expected a heads-up on this one.
"My guests and I are going to havesucha good time with you. I've got some things in mind that I've always thought would feel quite interesting." Looking exactly like the proverbial cat that ate the canary, she grinned at me and then turned on her heel, merging back into the party.
By this point, it looked like everyone who was buying a ticket had bought one. Or ten. I had seen at least two people purchase a wad of tickets from the staff members. One of them had been Terry, the guy who had been questioning Miki earlier. This had already been the night-of-surprises, I was really hoping finding out what Terry was into wasn't going to be yet another one!
Which led me to a question around what had just happened. Miki had said she'd refused to tell him how to contact me for a booking, but obviously Kellie had known how to. Had Miki toldher? Or did she just find my ad, the way Miki warned me Terry might? Interesting question, and one I meant to pursue, even if I wasn't sure just what the answer would tell me about Kellie, Miki, or both of them.
"Ladies and gentlemen, if you would please take your seats. The raffle is now closed, and we will be drawing the name of the lucky..." She paused, letting the audience fill in the word "fucker", which she was much too cultured to actuallysay.Some chuckles came from the crowd, as she ended the pause with perfect comedy timing, "...winner."
A staff member carried a large, clear punchbowl across the stage and set it on a small table next to Miki's podium. It looked like a pretty nice piece of crystal - no fish bowls for this crowd! Miki reached in, pulled out a ticket, and read the number.
Near the back of the room, a man and a woman stood up together, with the woman jumping up and down excitedly, waving her ticket. I half expected her to injure herself, as her extremely large breasts bounced up and down, perfectly out of sync with each jump. I watched, fascinated, along with most of the men in the audience. As I watched, I decided they weren't moving quite as much as I'd expected, which meant they were enhanced. Not that a little surgery was uncommon in this group of "personalities" and trophy-wives, but their extreme size was.
"Congratulations to Larry and Wendy Collard," said Miki, looking genuinely happy for them. And maybe just a touch relieved that Terry's large ticket purchase had not helped him?
"Please follow Dana, she will discuss the details with you, and provide any toys or equipment you may need for your fun."
I got a closer look at them as they walked by. Late 30's was my guess, although if you have money, you can look that age well into your forties. She was attractive, sexy even, and he looked like he stayed in shape, no doubt playing handball or tennis or whatever the idle rich were into these days. They were talking animatedly between themselves, making plans now that they had actually won. She was making a gesture as she explained something to Dana, the meaning of which would no doubt become clear to me shortly!
Another staff member escorted me off the stage, and back to a prep area, where I could sit and relax while I waited to be prepped for the show, in whatever outfit or bondage they were talking to Dana about.
The Show
"They want me tied up how?"
Dana shrugged, and gave me a look that said it wasn't her idea, she just worked here. She had just explained how the Collards wanted me presented to them for their hour with me.
"Ok, let's do it," I said. My attitude was pretty much like hers, with the added aspect that Ilikedit when people had new and interesting ways of using my body for their fun, so I wasn't actually complaining.
Dana opened drawers, and rummaged through various bags as she proceeded to tie me up. I was fascinated by the fact that the quiet and professionally polite Dana was back, as though Mistress Dana hadn't been sneering at me as she zapped my tender lady parts not even an hour ago.
"I may need to make a few adjustments once we have you suspended," she said after she had finished, "but this should be pretty close."
I was lying on a low, wheeled platform, on my side. My arms were behind my back, and tied to my ankles. She had created a harness of rope around my shoulders, back, and my upper thighs. The bright blue rope she'd used was thick enough to not cut into me, which was good as she'd used enough of it. I could barely move, and was very aware of how helpless I was. So was my pussy, which was wet and a little tingly. I had also learned she was quite the artist when it came to ropes and knots. Apparently my previous experience with her, and the simple cuffs and lengths of chain she had used were almost beneath someone with her talents.
I nodded and said "uh kay" through my ball gag, which she had already placed in my mouth.
"I'll tell Miki we're ready."
She was back in the room quite shortly, and without a word rolled me out the double-doors and onto the stage. I guess she had talked herself out with the couple of sentences she'd spoken to me while she was tying me up.
Miki watched us approaching, and said to the crowd, "Tawny is all prepared, exactly as Wendy and Larry requested. In a few moments we will have her in position and the show can begin."
She looked over at Wendy and Larry as she said the last part, and I could see them nod and smile in anticipation. A large, sturdy looking frame had been placed on the stage, and I was amazed they had something like this on hand, and had set it up so quickly. Wendy and Larry stood by and watched as Dana attached the harness to ropes hanging down from the frame, and started to hoist me up in the air. She did it in increments, using three individual ropes, and making small adjustments by sliding knots, and other things I wasn't really in a position to see. When she was done, I hung there, relatively comfortably all things considered. My back was arched quite a bit, and my arms and legs hanging down, tied together. From the side, my body formed a big loop.
Wendy looked at Dana, and said, "Can we start?" Dana glanced at Miki, then nodded.
"Oh, fun," she said. She ran her hand up my legs, over my stomach and gave my breast a squeeze. "Not bad, but a little small," she said with a chuckle, as she squeezed one of her own huge breasts with her other hand.
I made an "I disagree" noise though the ball gag. She understood what I meant, and said, "Now, now, I'm just teasing," as she gave my nipple a hard tug.
Larry had been undressing, and I had been right - whatever sport he did was working for him because he was in pretty good shape. Not great when compared to Eric or Perry, but he wasn't soft and out of shape like a lot of wealthy guys tend to become. He picked up a small weight with a length of cord attached that ended in a slip-knot. My head was already hanging down, but apparently not far enough. He gathered up my long hair, fed it through the loop like he was making a ponytail, and tightened the knot. The weight now pulled my hair, and my head down even further. So much for this being a fairly comfortable position! I was glad I was keeping up with my yoga classes.
"Dana did a good job, she's at just the right height," he said to his wife. And I was, which he demonstrated by removing my ball gag and then shoving his hard cock into my mouth, in what was almost one fluid motion. He grabbed my breasts like they were handles, and began to fuck my mouth.
Wendy didn't plan to just watch her husband fuck me. I felt her hands on my thighs, and then something soft and firm rubbed against my pussy lips. I wasn't sure what it was for a minute, but then I realized it was one of her breasts. Both of them actually, as it felt like she was taking turns rubbing her hard nipples up and down my slit.
"Hey, bitch," she said. "You like my big titties rubbing your pussy? Feels good, doesn't it?" She made an "ummmm" noise to show it felt good to her. Between getting my mouth fucked, something that always turns me on, and her soft warm breast pressing and sliding along my pussy, I could feel myself getting very wet.
Larry was squeezing my breasts hard as he slid his cock in and out of my mouth. "Umm, I do like squeezing your tits," he said to me. "Wendy's are great, but she doesn't like them squeezed." He gave mine an even harder squeeze as his cock plunged deep into my mouth. I gave a scream, which I'm sure he enjoyed feeling.
It was hard to focus with so much stimulation, but I felt something poking into my pussy, as she used her hands to try and spread me open.
Wendy said, "And how does this feel? You ever been fucked by a tit before?"
What I was feeling was her hard nipple as she pulled my lips wide and wedged as much of her tit as she could into my wet pussy. It did feel good, and also so very slutty, the thought of it making me moan on Larry's cock. I felt her run her nipple up and down along my pussy lips, and gave special attention to rubbing my clit with her hard nipples, turning some of my moans to gasps as she hit the right spot.
My eyes were closed, but I opened them when Larry pulled his cock out and it didn't return. What I then saw was Wendy, bending down to stick her nipple in my mouth.
"There you go, bitch, suck on my tit."
Her nipple was wet with my juices, and I tasted myself as I licked and sucked on her nipples, which were also fairly large. Not to scale with her extremely enhanced breasts, of course, but they were close. When I finished licking one really well, she switched and shoved the other one in my face, letting me lick it clean as well. She was moaning and gasping in pleasure, which surprised me. Maybe her nipples are really sensitive I thought?
"You get all the juices tonight, bitch," she said, as she moved out of the way so Larry could resume fucking my mouth. I didn't know what that meant, and then I realize that his cock also tasted of pussy juice, just not mine. So that explained her moans - Larry had been fucking her from behind while I was licking her tits! That was so slutty, it made me suck him even more enthusiastically, and he responded by increasing the speed of his thrusts, making me gag each time his cock drove deep into my mouth.
Wendy hadn't returned to play with my pussy, she was watching him fuck me, and could tell he was getting pretty excited. "Give it to her, Larry, " she cheered him on. "Fuck that pretty little mouth."
He obviously enjoyed having her talk dirty to him like that, and I felt his fingers digging into my tits as he moaned and pushed his cock hard against my face. I felt his cum squirt against the back of my throat, and I tried not to gag. He took his hands from my tits, and held my head tight against him as he finished emptying his balls into my mouth.
"Drink all that cum, you slut," Wendy commanded me. I was trying, but being upside down wasn't helping. (Why was I always having to give upside down blowjobs at these charity events?)
He pulled out, and as he did some of his cum ran down my face, making me close my eyes to keep it out of them. "No, youaregoing to eat it all," said Wendy as she rubbed her tits on my face, using them to wipe his cum off of me, and then making me lick it off of each tit.
Finally, she was satisfied she'd gotten it all, and stood up. I expected her to then make me eat her pussy, but to my surprise, all she did was untie the weight from my hair, and quietly thank me for showing her husband such a good time, adding "Larry really enjoyed squeezing your breasts, he likes that but mine are just too sensitive."
"My pleasure," I said, and meant it.
"Although mine are still bigger." She winked at me, smiled in a friendly way, and hen turned her attention back to her husband. I heard her say "I'm glad you enjoyed that, dear" as they walked away, apparently happy with their prize, even though they had used only a portion of the allotted hour.
Afterwards
I was sprawled on my dressing room couch, feeling tired and satisfied after the party, when there was a knock, and Miki came in after a polite pause.
"I think the Collards were quite pleased tonight. I had never known them to be such exhibitionists. I think the chance to play with you overcame their shyness!"
"That's great," I said. "That was actually a lot of fun, and another new experience for me."
"Good, I am happy you enjoyed it. And your time with Perry? Did you enjoy that also?"
I was quick to answer. "Oh, yes! He is a very sexy guy." I wasn't sure what, if anything, he'd told her about our interlude, and I didn't know if it was appropriate for me to kiss-and-tell.
Miki said, "Yes, he is, isn't he?"
She had said that like it was something she knew from personal experience. I'm sure the question I wanted to ask showed on my face.
"He told me how much fun he had, and I'm glad you agreed to have sex with him We have been together long enough that I can tell when he's attracted to someone, and it pleases me to see him enjoy himself."
I was happy she's answered my unspoken question. "Together" then. Huh. I guess I shouldn't have been too surprised, romance between co-workers was not exactly novel. But from their behavior towards each other (very much employer-employee), and the fact that she had, you know,givenme to him, I hadn't thought there was anything between them.
Ok, I had to ask. Normally I would not have been so gauche, but I felt that the fact I'd just had sex with him at her urging gave me some leeway. "Together, eh? That's great. Are you two..." I let the question hang.
"Married?" she said. "No. But we are 'together' both romantically and sexually. And to answer your next question, we are not classic 'swingers', but we have a somewhat open relationship. It's not a free-for-all, but we do occasionally make the mutual decision to let each other enjoy other people."
She looked down shyly, and said, "I was quite excited about how much I knew he would enjoy you. I am very comfortable with, and proud of my breasts, but I know that on occasion he finds it fun to have some variety in that area."
"So, all about the big boobs then?" I smiled. "Next time you should see about hooking him up with Wendy. Her's are bigger than your's and mine put together."
She looked at me thoughtfully, and said, "I don't think Wendy does it for him quite the way that you do my dear. Forgive me if I implied that was the only thing that attracted him to you. One of the criteria we use when deciding on some extra-curricular fun is whether we both like the potential playmate."
With a surprisingly devilish smile, Miki continued, "But I do think he would enjoy that idea of 'yours and mine together' quite a bit."
Ok,thatwas a surprise. I couldn't tell if she was just teasing me or if she was serious. Either way, it was an interesting thought.
"You know," I said thoughtfully, as I played back my time with Perry, "I don't think he even touched my breasts that much."
"Ah, really? Well, perhaps next time." Looking serious for a moment, she added, "Of course, that assumes you would be agreeable to there being a next time. I did not mean to presume."
"I enjoyed it, and would welcome an encore," I said, grinning.
Well this was as good a segue as I was going to get! Now to ask my question without having her draw the conclusion that Eric andIwere together. "Miki, when you tell Eric what is planned for these parties, do you go into that level of detail? As in, did he know you planned to offer me to Perry?"
I could see the gears turning as she thought about why I would be interested in that detail.
I said, "I'm curious because, as you know, I ask my assistant to tell me the minimum amount of detail in advance. There is no clear rule on what I want him to tell me, and what I want him to keep from me. I'm always trying to 'tune the algorithm' by giving him feedback on his level of filtering."
"Of course," she said. "I face similar challenges in guiding my staff on what I need to know about, and what is minutiae. I did not give him that level of detail. He has seemed mainly interested in knowing about anything that might violate your rules, or anything else we have planned that could be considered novel."
Well, damn. I tried not to look upset. Eric would understand that this was sitcom-style confusion, and not be upset, right? Right?
Miki stood to leave, and I remembered one other question I had for her. "Miki, can I ask you one more thing?"
Although she obviously had other things she needed to get back to, she politely said, "Certainly Tawny, what is it you wish to know?"
"Did Kellie Luth ask you for information on booking me for a party?"
For the first time since I'd met her, she looked uncomfortable, and it took her a moment to answer.
"I did, yes. I hope that doesn't upset you." She looked at me calmly, prepared to accept my answer either way.
"No, not really, I guess, " I said. "I was surprised is all."
"Ah, because I had told you I wouldnotshare your information with someone like Terry? Kellie is a very different story. I know she has been somewhat... disdainful to you, and I suspect you don't like her much. But we both know that you enjoy her treating you that way, and I am confident you will enjoy the party."
I said, "Ok, I'm skeptical, but I trust your judgment. And while we are on the topic, just what is it about Terry that I should be so leery of him?"
She gave me an apologetic look, saying, "I am sorry, I reallymustattend to some business. Thank you for tonight, it was a pleasure seeing you again." She turned and vanished out the door.
I'm sure the thing about Terry is something pedestrian like "he doesn't pay his bills", or "poor personal hygiene", but now I was intrigued. Not enough to go up to him and give him Eric's contact information, but I was curious. Next time I saw Miki, I'd be sure to ask her when I knew she had time to give me a proper answer!
Breakfast
Tawny had her "I need to tell you something, but I really don't want to" look.
I knew that if it was anything actually bad, she wouldn't have waiting until breakfast to tell me about it. After one of her parties, we always tried to keep our night for our own sexy fun, as she teased me and told me about what she had experienced. But she'd have broken that convention if necessary. Her body language said she was worried about my reaction, not mad or upset by something that happened to her.
"Babe, I can see something is on your mind," I said. "You didn't sign us up for Swing Dance lessons again, did you?" We smiled at each other, remembering. That had been when I discovered that, contrary to expectations, being able to learn martial arts and being able to learn to dance were two different things, at least for me. It had been hilariously bad.
"No," she said, turning serious. "You know how you told me that last night's party was going to have some fun new experience for me?"
"Yeeesss," I said.
She took a breath, and the words came out in a rush "I thought you meant that you knew Miki was going to offer me to Perry instead of the electrical play so when she did even though we both knew that if I didn't feel comfortable I didn't have to I thought you had been telling me it was okay with you so I had sex with him and we even kissed and it wasn't just me fucking a stranger but someone you know and I am so sorry."
It took a minute, but I finally parsed everything she had just said. At least I thought I had. I didn't say anything while I was figuring out where the all the periods and commas belonged, and I guess she took that as me not saying anything because I was upset.
She said, "Please don't be mad, you know I would never hurt you on purpose. When you think about it, it's kind of funny, right? Like something out of an episode of Coupling?" She tried to smile, but it was such a sad attempt, one of those smiles that's on the edge of turning into tears. It tore at me to see it, and I reassured her as quickly as I could.
"Honey, honey, it's ok! I trust you completely, and I know you would never do something you knew was wrong."
She looked relieved, and I asked her to give me the rest of the story, at least the general outline, and she did.
When she finished, I said, "Ok, I see it all happened. Let me think about it for a minute."
So howdidI feel? Sex and love are complicated, and one plus one doesn't always equal two. (No, that wasn't some sort of ménage � trois reference.) During our swinger forays, she had sex with guys that we were acquainted with, and even a friend one time. But in those situations we'd discussed it beforehand, and I'd always been there, typically having my own fun with the guy's wife or girlfriend. This was different because we had not talked about it first, and I wasn't there.
Sure, she had sex with lots of guys at her parties without me there, but that was pure anonymous sex. I know it sounds weird that sex with strangers was cool, but sex with people we knew might not be. The difference is that there was zero emotional component when she let some random dudes fuck her. And while I wasn't afraid that she was going to fall in love with Perry and run off with him, it was still different, and itdidupset me for some reason. I didn't want to be.
What was the issue? That I hadn't been part of the decision. So let me unspool this and analyze it. If Miki had told me that sex with Perry was in her plans, what would I have done? I couldn't really say "no, Tawny is my wife, and I worked with Perry, so I'd prefer not". I guess I could have just said she was booked already, but I'd already said she was available. And that was just kicking the can down the road.
And, as I played the part of myself from a couple weeks ago, I realized I probably would have let things play out like they did. I trust Tawny completely, and I liked and trusted Perry, and it sounded like she had fun with him. And I love it when she has fun!
So now the only question is, would I have discussed it with her prior to the party? I decided no on that as well. What would have been the point? Trying to decide if I trusted her with him? I knew the answer to that.
I. Always. Trusted. Tawny.
I couldn't image a world where I didn't, and I would not have wanted to live in that world if I could have. All it would have done was make her think perhaps Ididn'ttrust her as much as she thought I did. And spoil what no-doubt was the kind of surprise she enjoyed from these parties.
I said, "If Mikihadtold me about Perry, I would have done exactly what I did when I didn't know. I wouldn't have given you any spoilers about it, and I wouldn't have been upset. And I'm not upset now."
The look of relief on her face made me sorry I'd spent any time at all thinking this through, and keeping her in suspense. She gave me a passionate kiss and hugged me hard. After a little more of that, we settled back down to breakfast, emotional equilibrium restored.
Now, apparently, it was my turn.
Tawny said, "I'm glad you trust me, now let's talk aboutmetrustingyou!" She glared at me. "How could you not tell me about Kellie Luth?"
Oh. Yeah. This is what I'd been expecting to make this morning's discussion interesting, not the whole Perry thing.
"Wow, you seem to have done a good job of moving past worrying about how I'd feel about you and Perry," I said, my tone light so she'd know I was kidding.
"Yes I have, but good try." More glaring.
"Well," I said, "would you believe 'the customer is always right'?"
All that got me was a slow head-shake.
"You're the one who wants these parties to be a surprise," I said. "Also, it sounded like she was going to use the surprise to both tease and humiliate you a little, and I know that turns you on when you are in party-girl mode."
She didn't say anything, but she screwed her face up into one of those half-frowns that says "you might be right but I still don't like it".
I pressed my advantage. "It was sort of a condition of the booking, kind of a seal-the-deal thing. And the party she has planned was one I didn't think you would want to miss, actually."
I wasn't exaggerating. Kellie had some very interesting things planned, and I knew Tawny was going to enjoy them. In all fairness, I was going to enjoy hearing about them too!
She sighed. "Darn it, you're probably right. Kellie is kind of a bitch, but I bet she has some good stuff in mind for me." She gave a little shiver of anticipation. "Ok, you get a pass on this one, but I've got my eye on you, mister." She followed that up with a scowl we both knew was fake. She loved surprises, and we both knew that as well!