(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback are always welcome and appreciated. All characters are 18+.)
My grounding was over starting tonight. Not that it really affected Brittany and I very much. Not a day had gone by that I hadn't had sex with a hot classmate asking for private tutoring. That's not even including the antics I got up to in the running and weightlifting clubs.
I had never had much of a fantasy life outside of DND. But having a hot naked teen girl doing barbell squats onto my shaft would have definitely gone on my list if I hadn't already done it. They even changed the name from ATG squats, to ATC squats. Basically, I would lay on the ground below them with my erection pointing straight up. They would then squat until I penetrated her butt.
They actually used this instead of kegels as they had to clinch tight to brace their core as they did the squat. It was almost uncomfortably tight at times, but it also elicited the biggest anal cream pies.
All that pales in comparison to what was going to happen tonight though. I was going to get to see Brittany. We had one glorious night together after we decided to start dating, before we were both grounded for staying out all that night. When Brittany arrived, she was wearing a short tennis skirt that showed off her amazing legs, and a pink sweater that looked like it was trying to contain a pair of watermelons.
I don't know if my parents were kind enough to plan on working late tonight, or whether fate shined on us. Be we had the house to ourselves. We talked as we cooked dinner. It turned out that we were both into cooking, and for the same strange reason. It was basically another form of chemistry. And as I was trying to eat healthier now, do to the running and weightlifting clubs. We were experimenting with high protein low carb meals. To give us an even greater challenge, the meal had to be vegan.
I secretly had a third objective with the meal though. I was also trying to lace in a chemical to make Brittany cum harder and more frequently when we finally had sex. This was in no way Rohypnol. Because Rohypnol was called a date rape drug, and both of us were so much in a consent mood that it took all of our will power to not start screwing immediately. This drug was purely to magnify her pleasure. What I didn't find out till later, was that she had done the same thing for what she was feeding me.
Halfway through our meal Brittany was squirming in her seat with her legs clenched tight. A small puddle was forming in her seat. And on my end, my erection was so strong that I was worried it would flip the table if it was freed from my pants. Which I really needed to do.
"So, who haven't you screwed yet that you really want to?" Despite everything that had happened in the last couple weeks, the question still seemed obscene, and insanely erotic.
"I'm sorry, what?"
"Who is the one person at school that you haven't had sex with that you really want?"
The image of Ms. Maven instantly popped into my head. But I was too embarrassed to say it. My science teacher was attractive, but in no way a model. Most of the girls at school had either small butts or finely sculpted from plenty of time in the gym. Ms. Maven's hips were kind of wide. Nothing obscene, but definitely sexy enough to draw your gaze as they swayed back and forth when she walked away in a pair of jeans.
She was also softer than all of the other girls at school. In no way fat, but I couldn't help but remember how comforting it was when I hugged her. It was like hugging a warm life size teddy bear. I inwardly cringed at the analysis. An image of me having sex with a teddy bear flashed into my mind. I flushed it out with the first thing that came to mind. Which just so happened to be me having sex with Ms. Maven.
That image made my pants unbearable, no pun intended. As subtle as I could, I released my erection from my pants but kept it hidden under the table. I couldn't help but keep thinking about Ms. Maven's features though. She dressed demurely enough that I couldn't tell the size of her breasts. From the aforementioned hugs, I could tell they were nice and squishy.
But the feature that drew my mind the most was her face. She had a cute oval face and her bob haircut framed it beautifully. Her eyes were beautiful, but very little of that had to do with the color. It was how she looked out of them. She never gave me a seductive look, well, she did, but what I loved was her typical loving compassionate expression. She always looked like she really cared about what you had to say. Most women at the school had started staring dreamily at my crotch, Ms. Maven gave my face her full and undivided attention.
"Wow! I didn't think it was that hard of a question. And by hard, I mean I can tell that you are masturbating under the table."
I stopped instantly, but it was too late. I hadn't realized I was doing it, and the fact that Brittany pointed it out jokingly pushed me over the edge. I shot blast after blast up her short skirt and onto her panties. Her creamy thighs nearly hid all of my cum that landed on them, but her blue skirt showed the white lines like it was a part of the pattern.
Apparently, Brittany was so wound up, that the impact of my cum hitting her clit through her panties was all she needed as well. She doubled over with a beautiful agony stretching her face. Her eyes clenched and her mouth stretched wide as she felt the first of many intense orgasms rippled through her body. Her body shook and her moans came out in short gasps.
I was about to take my usual posture in embarrassing situations like this and start apologizing profusely, but before I could open my mouth, she leaned in and kissed me passionately. The kiss lasted nearly a minute before we breathlessly broke it off.
"That was some pasta." She joked, and we both laughed. "Come on, let's get these clothes in the wash before your parents get home and find us running around naked."
She led me by the hand to the laundry room. As I silently followed, I had a realization. I would follow her anywhere. I've never been a leader. The last two weeks was the most assertive I had ever been in my life. But even then, it was almost like the universe was bending to my pleasure. As if I was a character in some sort of an erotic novel. I hadn't had to be very assertive.
Brittany was confident and assertive. She was the captain of every team she was on. The chess club, mathletes, knowledge bowl, everything. If the universe wasn't so skewed towards the hottest and most attractive, she would have probably been a consideration for Prom Queen well before her breasts got huge. It was that confidence that first drew me towards her, and intimidated me out of asking her out.
We reached the laundry room and Brittany slipped her skirt down her legs revealing her beautiful rear, subdivided by a sexy black thong. She quickly disposed of the thong as well and I got a peak at her beautiful lips between her legs. She stood and stripped off her sweater leaving her in nothing but a massive black lace shelf bra. Her erect nipples peaked over the top. The sole purpose of this bra appeared to be to accentuate Brittany's amazing tits.
She paused as she caught me staring at her breasts. Our few sexual encounters so far had been so fast and furious that we hadn't had a chance to really savor each other. I reached out and gently cupped her breasts. I tenderly thumbed hernipples eliciting a moan. I had nearly forgotten that the accident had made her nipples ultra sensitive. I imagine the food only compounded that.
I leaned down and sucked a nipple into my mouth. I only stayed there a moment though, as the sensation that I was sending through her body was causing her to pucker her lips as she savored the ecstasy. Her closed eyes and red lipstick were calling out to me. So, I kissed my way up her massive breast, neck, and jaw, until our lips met.
The mere act of our lips touching sent electricity through our bodies to our groins. We both instantly came so hard that our legs couldn't hold us and we collapsed to the floor. The second we were able to catch our breath I was pushing inside of her and thrusting like there was no tomorrow.
Our moans and gasps became indistinguishable from each other. We kissed as our hands roamed each other's bodies hungrily. Our orgasms built to a critical mass as that exquisite pressure moved through our bodies to the point where we became one. And yet again, we came as one.
We seemed to be riding the same sexual wavelength as our orgasms had somehow miraculously synched up. Later my scientist brain would have played with some theories as to why this happened. Maybe we just unconsciously knew each other's bodies well enough to know how to elicit an orgasm at the exact right time. Maybe it was more like when women's periods sync up.
Despite my rational brain trying to ignore the metaphysical. The theory that I found myself wanting to believe the most, was that our spirits were merging and intertwining together in such an extreme way, that we couldn't help but cum at the same time. Truth be told, I didn't care, I was having an incredibly intimate evening with the woman I cared deeply for.
As we lay there catching our breath, the doorbell rang. I wasn't expecting anyone, but apparently Brittany was. "OH! They're here. I'm going to shower off real quick, would you let our guests in?"
"Guests? We're expecting guests?"
Brittany leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. "Trust me, you'll enjoy these guests." Then she stood and started walking to the bathroom. I began to get dressed, but then Brittany called back, "Don't do that. Part of the arrangement was that you answer the door naked."
"What arrangement?" Then I looked out the window, "But, it's still light outside? People will see me."
"I hope they do." Brittany laughed before disappearing into the bathroom.
I stood there and thought about it for a second. Plenty of people had seen me naked at this point, but it was all at school. If I opened the door, someone I actually know might see me naked. Ms. Love from across the street has been friends with my family for nearly my entire life. She used to change my diaper and baby sit me. If she saw me she would for sure tell my parents.
Then another thought came to mind, what if it was Ms. Love at the door instead of Brittany's guest. The twitch in my shaft at that thought made me feel guilty. How could I think of sweet Ms. love like that. I mean, for a woman old enough to be my mother, she was quite attractive, but she was still Ms. Love.
The doorbell rang twice more urgently. In the end it came down to one thing. Do I trust Brittany? And the answer was yes. So I marched up to the door and swung it open, to nothing. No one was there. Did they get tired of waiting and leave?
Suddenly a cool wind blew through my door and the chill against my still wet member made it start to stiffen again. That feeling and the thrill of exposing myself like this, made me almost miss the whisper.
"Pst! Over here." I looked over to my right and couldn't believe my eyes. It was Hillary, butt naked. She was crouching down to the right, hiding behind the crepe myrtle in front of our porch. The crepe myrtle provided decent cover for anyone directly in front of the house. But if you were at several other angles it wasn't hard to see her.
"Hillary? What are you doing?"
She motioned me over. "Get over here."
"What? No, why don't you come inside?"
"Oh, I plan to." Despite being embarrassed at being fully exposed on my front porch, she couldn't help but make the double entendre. "But first you have to come out here."
"Why?"
"Brittany's rules."
"What rules?"
"Since I blew you in front of the entire class, she wants you to eat me out in front of your entire neighborhood. It's part quid pro quo since I didn't get to get off in class, and part making me experience what you experienced."
"Seriously?"
"Yes. Now get out here and start licking before someone sees us."
As crazy and embarrassing as this was, I also wasn't going to pass up the opportunity to get between her long, tan, smooth legs. I hurried over as Brittany sat in one of the cheap plastic chairs my mom had placed out here. She spread her legs and I saw her smooth clean shaven lips for the first time. She was already wet.
I got on my knees in front of her and savored the smell of her for a second. I was still fairly a novice at licking pussy, but I figured delicate teasing with my tongue would be a good start. I know I liked that when a girl was going down on me. I lightly traced her lips with the tip of my tongue. That caused Hillary to moan.
She reached up and cupped her medium sized breasts. They were perky and conical, and her nipples were pierced with barbells. I was instantly curious how they would feel in my mouth, but I knew we needed to hurry up and finish before someone saw us.
"You know..." Hillary's words were cut off with a gasp before she could finish her statement. I had flicked her clit with my tongue and that had sent jolts of eclectic pleasure through her body.
"You were saying?" I teased.
Hillary laid her gorgeous thighs on my shoulder. I rubbed my cheeks against them affectionately. "I lied earlier when I said I didn't get to get off after blowing you. I..." Another gasp as my tongue finally penetrated her. "Mmmm!" Was all she could say next as she pulled her nipples taut away from her body. I could feel myself growing very quickly under all the visual stimulation.
She finally cleared her mind enough to continue her thought. "I fingered myself all the way down the hall after that little spat with my mother. I even... Oh my! Where did you learn that?"
I had slid my middle finger inside her butt, and apparently she enjoyed it. "Peggy. When she came over for her tutoring, she always had to have something in her butt. Whether it was my finger, hers, or my shaft. Harley was right, she is way to into anal."
"She might have a poiiiiiinnt!" The last words were drawn out as I pushed in all the way to my final knuckle and wiggled my finger inside of here.
"Please continue your story." I was begging to love teasing her like this. The idea of her trying to have a logical train of thought while getting closer and closer to orgasm gave me a delicious sense of power.
"Story? What?" Her eyes were barely open as her chest and belly seesawed with her rapid breathing. "Oh, yea. I finnnnnngered myself all the way to my mom's office before squirting like a fountain all over her desk."
The imagery made Hillary cum hard. Truth be told, I nearly came myself picturing that. Suddenly she was screaming at the top of her lungs as her juices sprayed like a fountain all over my face. Her feet locked behind my head so that I could not escape. If it weren't for the fact that I felt like I was about to drown, I wouldn't have wanted to.
She convulsed and arched her hips into my face so violently, that I worried the cheap plastic chair would break. When she finally started to calm down, I pulled my finger out of her butt and she had one last minor orgasm from the removal.
"What is going on here!" I would recognize that voice anywhere. The few times I got in trouble as a kid, I would hear three voices. My dad's, my mom's, and Ms. Love's. This voice was the latter.
I stood up instantly to face her. Her face, beautiful but stern, stared at us. "It's not what it looks like." I looked down at Hillary's naked form sprawled out on her chair. Her eyes were wide as saucers looking at Ms. Love, but she also had a slight look of post coital bliss on her face. I looked back at Ms. Love. "I mean, it is, but..." Ms. Love pointed into the house.
I was suddenly very aware of my rock hard throbbing member. It desperately needed release, but that wasn't going to happen anytime soon. Ms. Love seemed to notice it at that moment too. "In the house, now!"
I obeyed, and on my way in, she gave my butt a quick swat, just like she had done when I got in trouble as a kid.
"I'll be heading home." Hillary tried to rush past her, but Ms. Love grabbed her arm.
"Oh, no you don't. Inside!" She swatted Hillary's cheeks too, and that was an image I would never get out of my head.
When Hillary caught up to me she asked, "Why didn't you tell me your neighbor was Brandi Love?"
I looked at her confused. "You know Ms. Love."
"Don't talk unless I ask you a question." Came a stern reply from Ms. Love. "And sit on the couch." Hillary and I sat next to each other on the couch, my erection pointing straight up. The monster refused to go down until he was satisfied.
Right about that time Brittany stepped out of the bathroom wearing nothing but a towel. She startled upon seeing my beautiful blonde haired brown eyed neighbor. She saw us sitting on the couch and joked, "I'm game for one more."
Ms. Love glared at her. "And who are you?"
"She's my girlfriend, Brittany."
Ms. Love stared back at me confused. "Then who's this that you were eating out on the front porch?"
Brittany suddenly realized that this older woman was not a friendly third party that Hillary brought along. "Maybe we should go."
"No. You will sit there with them and answer my questions." Brittany hesitated until Ms. Love quite sternly said, "Now!" Then she obeyed quickly, sitting on the other side of me.
After staring down at us for a few minutes, she finally spoke. "So, you thought you'd have a little Ménage à trois while your parents weren't home? You're not even legal age yet."
"Actually, we are. Brittany and I are both 18, and Hillary's actually 20."
"That's beside the point!" Oddly, something in her face made me think that was exactly the point. "I thought you were this sweet little nerdy virgin boy next door. Not a sex nymphomanic with a cock the size of Texas. Will that thing ever go down?"
"I'm sorry, but it's fully loaded."
Ms. Love looked perplexed. "Don't you boys have some way of making it go down my thinking up non sexual things. Like baseball, or having sex with someone you think of as old? "That's it, picture having sex with me."
Up until that moment I had never thought of Ms. Love in a sexual way. She was attractive, but she was practically my godmother. But now that she said that, she didn't look old at all. In fact, for the first time I realised her breasts were quite sizable under her light sundress. Her slim figure and sound butt were accentuated nicely under the dress as well. Then my eyes got down to her smooth tan legs and it took no work to image her request.
In my mind I stood, lifted her dress to find she was wearing no panties, and slid myself inside her. I slid the straps off of her shoulders to reveal her amazing tits, before I sucked them into my mouth. All the while, Brittany and Hillary watched and fingered themselves.
Before I realised what was happening, I was shooting a massive load all over Ms. Love's dress and face in real life. She was suddenly drenched in my cum. The only way I didn't make a mess on the carpet was Brittany's lightning fast reflexes in which she stripped off her towel and threw it below the trajectory of my cum.
Ms. Love was shocked, but she had the twinkling of something else in her eye as well. I couldn't figure it out, but I definitely recognized it. "That's it, everyone to my house, right now!"
"OK, just let us grab our clothes." I said.
"No, if I have to walk across the street like this, then you will have to cross it like that. Besides, it sure looked like you enjoyed putting on a show outside. Now, move, before your parents come home and see us like this." We jumped up and scurried for the front door. Ms. Love picked up the towel and followed us casually.
We all covered whatever private bits we could with our hands. But for Brittany and I, that wasn't much. Thankfully no one saw us as we rushed to her front door and tried to open it. It was locked, we looked back to Ms. Love, who was still just closing the door to my house. She was in no hurry, and she wanted to make us squirm. Worst of all, there was no cover at her front door. We were fully exposed. Brittany hid behind me, and Hillary hid behind her, as I had the least to cover.
"Do you really not know who she is?" Hillary asked.
"What are you talking about?"
"She is Brandi Love. She's a pornstar."
"No she's not."
"I don't know, with a face like that and tits like those, I know I'll be fantasizing about her tonight." Brittany said.
I looked back at her mortified. "She's like my second mom."
"That didn't stop you from blowing your load when she told you to fantasize about her." Hillary bit back.
Truth was, she was right, I was having a lot of trouble matching this woman up with the woman who would baby sit me during the day over the summers while my parents were at work. Looking back on it, I never knew her to actually go anywhere for work. I mean, she never had typical nine to five hours.
That would explain some things too. Why she was able to baby sit me all summer when everyone else had to work. When her job was brought up with my parents, she would shy away from talking about details. She would simply say that she worked as a film producer. She would never tell us what kind of movies she produced though. And then there was that one time I heard her screaming in her bedroom and she came out a few minutes later wearing a bathrobe. She had told me that she was practicing for a part.
This suddenly all made way too much sense. Ms. Love got to her front lawn, and I blurted out, "You're a pornstar!"
That shook her confidence. Her eyes got wide and she was hurrying now. She motioned for me to get quiet as she rushed past us to unlock the door. As we stepped inside I said, "No wonder you didn't get freaked out when I came on you."
Brandi closed the door behind us quickly. "Would you keep it down? The president of the HSA is a real prude. If she found out what I did for a living, then she would stop at nothing to get me out of here."
"How long have you been a pornstar?"
"Since 2004."
"Does your husband know about this?"
"Actually, he performs with me sometimes."
With that revelation I plopped down on her couch stunned. "I'll be right back." She left the room and came back a moment later with a clean face and wearing a bathrobe. She set to my right as Brittany was sitting to my left. She put her arm around me in a comforting way. "It's not really that big of a deal."
"Oh yes you are that big of a deal. Come look at this." Hillary said. No one had been paying her attention and she had turned on Brandi's computer and had apparently pulled up a video where she was putting a puzzle together with another beautiful blonde with big tits. All the while, I guy was going back and forth screwing them from behind.
I looked at the screen and said, "Wow, your tits are ever more amazing than I imagined."
Brandi quickly stood and shut the laptop. "I'm not sure how I should feel about that compliment coming from you." She paused and thought for a second. "You won't tell your mom about this will you? She's kind of a stickler when it comes to porn."
"I don't know, can we have a foursome." I was shocked by my own sudden boldness. But after seeing her naked on the screen, I wasn't going to pass up the chance.
She looked briefly shocked. "I was thinking more like, I won't tell her about your threesome and we're even."
"Actually, she already knows I'm sexually active. Actually, Brittany and I confessed that we had a threesome on our first date." I explained the whole story to her.
When I finished, Brandi stared at me appraisingly. "Truth be told, I was going to try to play cat and mouse games with you until we ended up there anyways."
"Really?"
"Yeah, after seeing how big you've gotten, there's no way I'm passing up a chance for that. Your mom told me you had an accident at school that caused you to get bigger, I had never imagined how much bigger though."
"So, where do we start?"
"Hold on. Two conditions."
"Anything." Brittany, Hillary, and I said simultaneously.
"You let me record it to go up on my website. I could easily pull in big bucks for something like this."
After what we had done so far, exhibitionism had become a bit of a thrill. Performing simply in front of a camera would be easy. "Agreed."
"And two, you give me what you gave her on the front porch. That looked exquisite."
"Gladly."
"Then follow me." Brandi dropped her robe to show that she was butt naked beneath. Our jaws dropped and my penis rose. Then she walked into the next room over.
We followed her into a bedroom with several cameras set up around the room. She laid on the bed spreadeagled and I dove in mouth first. I gave her the same treatment I gave earlier, and Britany and Hillary climbed on either side of her and took a nipple each in their mouths. She was screaming and writhing in seconds. By the time I slid my finger into her butt, she was already bucking her hips and spasming through her first orgasm. She screamed so loud that I was worried someone might call the police.
"Your turn." She said and she had me sit on her bed with my back against the headboard. She got on her hands and knees and took me completely into her mouth. I didn't think anyone but Brittany would ever be able to do that. But I guess experience pays off.
Brittany laid on her back and slid her head beneath Brandi's pussy. As she ate the pornstar out, Hillary scissored her and began to dry hump their pussy's together. The site was too erotic. I put my hand on the back of Brandi's head and hung on for as long as I could.
"Oh, Ms. Love, that feels amazing Ms. Love!" I think she liked me calling her by the honorific. It doubled up on the naughtiness of the situation. I felt her tongue swirl around my shaft and my eyes rolled back into my head.
The sexual energy was so high in the room, that orgasms were popping off every few minutes. Hillary was first. The tribbing and her pulling on her own nipples made her moan as her body was rocked by her first orgasm.
Brittany was next and she accidentally bit down on Brandi's clit in the process. Not enough to hurt or draw blood, but enough to trigger an orgasm inside the seasoned woman. She actually sprayed her juices all over Brittany's face.
Finally, her moaning triggered me into blowing my load down her throat. I held her head down so that her nose was in my pubic hair as I sent pulse after pulse after pulse of hot jizz into her stomach. And she swallowed every ounce.
When I finished, she pulled her mouth off of me. "Too bad you came so soon. I was hoping to take it in my pussy."
Hillary said, "This isn't a porn with just one pop shot at the end. You don't know Drew, that experiment changed him into something nearly super-human." Then she climbed on top of me reverse cowgirl and I watched as her magnificent glutes bounced up and down. I gripped them greedily as I felt my balls tingle as they reloaded.
Brandi looked at Brittany, "You have some talent in the pussy licking department. Mind if I give you some pointers."
"Absolutely!" Then they got into a 69 position beside us. I saw Brandi's tongue slip so deep inside my girlfriend's pussy, that I thought she might lick her uterus.
I clenched my but cheeks to keep from coming again too soon. This caused Hillary to bounce even higher. A few moments later Brandi and Brittany were screaming in unison as they drenched each other's faces.
I couldn't hold it anymore after setting that. I shot another load into Hillary's pussy. The cum filled her to near bursting before it began trickling down my shaft and over my testicles. The tightness pushed her over the edge as well and her face planted onto the bed gasping for breath. It looked like she was twerking with me inside her because she was shaking so violently.
When her tremors subsided, she rolled off of me. I was softening a little and my crotch was covered in my own cum. Brandi looked at the mess and said, "It looks like we need to clean you up some."
Then all Brandi and Hillary got on their hands and knees in front of me and used their mouths to clean me up. Hillary was licking and slurping the mixture of our fluids off of my shaft, while Brandi sucked my balls into her mouth one at a time.
Brittany came up to my face and we kissed passionately. I could taste Brandi on her lips. I held her breasts and fondled her breasts. As soon as I tweaked her nipples she had another micro orgasm. When it subsided she pulled only an inch away from my face. She stared lovingly into my eyes and smiled. "Got to love these extra sensitive nipples." She joked.
I was back to full mast again and Brandi said it was her turn to feel me inside her. She directed me to stand up as she bent over the bed. I entered her doggy style and held onto her hips so that I could pound deep into her. Hillary wanted to know what a professional's lips felt like, so she laid on her back and spread her legs so that Brandi could eat her out.
Brittany sat on the bed and cradled Hillary's head in her lap. "Drew loves this." She said, as she began to breast feed the girl. That made me pound Brandi even harder.
About five minutes later we were all cumming as one. We spent the next hour trying every position we could think of. I filled every one of their holes at least two times a piece. And the orgasms were so plentiful and mind blowing that we lost count.
Brandi paused the video recording. "OK, we need one last pop shot to end the video."
"Popshot?" I asked.
Brandi remembered my mother's strict rules against porn. "It's when you cum on our bodies somewhere. I was thinking about tits and faces. Any objections?"
Everyone agreed, but I had to admit something. "I'm not sure if I have one more in me. I feel completely drained and exhausted."
"Just leave that to us and start stroking." Brandi said.
So I did. Brandi started the recording again and immediately began to kiss Hillary passionately. I had to admit, that was hot, but it wasn't going to get me up in my current state. Then she began fingering her and Hillary returned the favor, and they were barely able to remain standing as they kissed and fingered through another orgasm.
I felt my balls starting to stir at that point, but I could tell there was a long way to go. She changed to Brittanny and started kissing her with the same ferocity. But instead of fingering her, they fondled each other's mammoth tits. They were moaning as yet another orgasm was building. Brandi began sucking and bobbing up and down on Brittany's tongue like it was my cock. That was so insanely hot that I was now at full attention. They pulled each other's nipples and sank to their knees from the orgasm.
Brandi led the three to put their breasts together around my massive member. The flesh was soft and warm on my shaft. The sight and feel of their amazing breasts completely encompassing my huge pole was more than I could handle. I pulled out, pumped a few more times and completely deluged their faces and tits to the point that they were nearly unrecognizable.
And then I collapsed backwards from exhaustion. I was unconscious before I hit the bed behind me. I woke up a couple hours later spooning Brittany. We were still naked and in the bed, but the sheets and her face were all clean now. At the end of the day, after the incredible thing that we just experienced, this was my favorite part.
(To be continued.)