Most of my other stories have chronicled my wanderings with women I was not married to. This set of stories is about my wife of 40 years, Caroline.
Caroline is petite, 5'4", weighed between 110 and 120 pounds while we have been together, 34C tits, long brunette hair, trimmed bush with a nice ass and legs. While she had some sexual experience before we met, we basically learned sex with each other.
I am 6'0" 180 pounds, dark hair, 7" cut cock, trimmed bush.
While I am not aware of any flings she had with other guys after we met, she was involved with some female friends from age 18 to her mid 30's. Some I knew and some I did not. Over the years we had our share of fun sexual adventures. These are some of those stories. All of the stories chronicle adventures where we are both 18 years old or older.
Fun in cars.
Caroline and I had not seen each other in almost two weeks, work, school and travel had kept us apart. We both still lived with our parents and finding places to have sex were challenging at times. We had met up with some friends, Bob and Karen (Bob would be my best man in our wedding) and were going to a party. Bob was driving with Karen riding up front with him. They had picked me up and we swung by Caroline's house to get her. She jumped in the back seat with me, said hi to Bob and Karen and proceeded to throw herself on me and started kissing me. It was getting dark outside, you could only see in the car from street lights as we drove.
Caroline was wearing a spaghetti strap sundress that was well above her knee. I knew from experience she had to be careful to not flash someone wearing it. Breaking away from exploring my mouth with her tongue she moved to sit on my lap.
"I am so glad to see you. I have REALLY missed you."
I could see Karen looking over the seat and smiling.
"Well I have missed you too," I said running my hand down her back.
Reaching the bottom of her dress that had ridden up, when she sat on my lap, I felt her bare ass and understood why Karen was smiling. Caroline was not wearing any panties and I could see she was not wearing a bra - her mother must not have seen her before she left. She began to grind against my jeans crotch with her bare pussy. I reached up and grabbed her tits through her dress and began to squeeze them, feeling her nipples harden. Figuring she was just teasing me until we could get away at the party for a quick fuck I played along with her. She had not been one to be open to exposing herself with others but seemed somewhat different tonight. I would find out later in the evening that she had been smoking some marijuana with Tracy (her best friend who would be her maid of honor at our wedding) just before we picked her up.
Karen was watching us intently and had moved over closer to Bob. Caroline slipped one of the dress straps from her shoulder exposing one of her tits. She grabbed it and pointed it to my mouth, I leaned down taking it into my mouth wondering what had come over her but willing to play along. As I sucked on her tit she pressed against me as my cock started to grow. Her grinding along my crotch was making her hornier on top of the marijuana she had smoked.
She suddenly broke away from me sliding into the seat next to me, her pussy exposed and a tit hanging out. Karen's eyes were locked on Caroline and I could see Bob trading glances in the rearview mirror. Caroline unhooked my belt, opened and unzipped my pants and pulled them down exposing my now hard cock. I could hear Karen gasp as she exposed me. Caroline bent down and took me into her mouth. Oral sex is something we had been working on and she had gotten pretty good at the basic blow job, but had not developed her deep throat face fucking skills yet. Holding the base of my cock she worked the top half of my cock in her mouth.
I went back and forth between watching her and looking at Karen who sat transfixed. Karen reached over into Bob's lap with both hands, and then he kinda sat up as she pulled his pants down some. She turned back to look at us but I figured she now had his cock out stroking him. Caroline was working my cock pretty good too and while I was not as horny as her, yet, I had not had sex in two weeks either.
She suddenly pulled my cock from her mouth and pushed me down in the seat. Sliding me over a bit, she straddled me, grabbed my cock, lined it up against her pussy. She sat on my cock taking all of it in her at once. I heard the breath rush from her and Karen gasp. Caroline was riding me as hard as she could, she was on a mission to get off as quickly as she could. Her pelvis slamming into me, her breath ragged, tits bouncing. It did not take long for either of us to get off.
Her body tensed and she pushed me as far into her as she could. I could feel her pussy begin to contract around my cock, her body falling on mine, her breathing rapid as her orgasm rolled through her. As she caught her breath and relaxed a bit I began to pump my cock into her, hiking her dress up a bit to grab her ass with both hands. Karen was visible out of the corner of my eye, her mouth open, breathing a little uneven. I felt my cock swell as my balls shot cum deep into Caroline.
"Oh shit," I grunted.
"Damn." I heard Karen say.
Caroline just laid on me catching her breath, "Thanks I really needed that."
She then looked over at Karen, winked and said, "This is going to be a great night!"
Karen just nodded. Caroline slid off of me and reaching into her bag pulled out a tampon and inserted it to keep the cum from running out of her. I was pulling my pants back up when Caroline leaned up next to Karen looking over her shoulder. She told me later that Karen had one tit out, her hand wrapped around Bob's cock and Bob had his hand inside her panties. Karen was blushing from being seen like that, she had gotten all caught up in watching us and had sorta joined us.
Caroline leaned next to her and whispered something. Karen's eyes got big and she shook her head no. Caroline whispered something else and then Karen slowly nodded.
I was dressed again and leaned forward to see what was going on. Karen moved in the seat to lay down on her stomach and placed her head in Bob's lap. Road head, I thought to myself. Tentatively at first and then getting into it she started to suck Bob's cock. I saw his head bounce back against the seat. Caroline and I were now leaning over the seat watching Karen suck Bob's cock. I could tell he was having trouble concentrating on driving - knew the feeling, Caroline would give me road head sometimes.
She was really stroking his cock with it about one half in her mouth. Bob was bucking up against her as she sucked and stroked him. Luckily we came to a red light just as he started blasting cum into her mouth. I must have been a big load, as we could hear her gag as her mouth filled with cum and he tried to shove his cock deeper in her mouth. Bob was trying to catch his breath and Karen was trying to clean up the cum that had escaped from her mouth. He pulled his pants up, Karen sat up stuffing her tit back into her dress and as the light changed to green we drove off.
"Hot start to the night," I said. We all laughed and settled in for the ride to the party. On the way over, Caroline pulled a pair of her panties out of her bag and slipped them on.
The party was going strong when we arrived. One of our friends' parents was out of town and we had the whole house. There was plenty of booze and smokable items around. We wandered around talking with friends, enjoying the music that was playing. During the night we noticed couples disappearing into the bedrooms, so lots of fun was being had.
Caroline had been talking with Karen off in the corner.
"Karen was so turned on by watching us."
"I was too, how about you?"
"It was kinda crazy, I was really horny and did not think I could wait. Tracy and I had been smoking some weed before you picked us up, so I was feeling pretty good."
"I think Karen was the only one who did not get off."
Caroline laughed, "When we got her she went right into the bathroom and fingered herself. Also, that was the first time she has let Bob cum in her mouth."
"Really? Well as you have said, it takes some getting used to."
We decided to go outside to get some fresh air. There were a few people on the patio, drinking, smoking, making out. The backyard was fenced in and no one could see into it. Caroline and I went around the corner of the house by the air conditioner unit. There was no one else over there.
Wrapping her arms around my neck, Caroline began kissing me. I leaned back against the wall as our tongues probed each other's mouths and my hands wandered over her back and ass.
"Want to go inside and find a room?", I asked.
"No, to many people wandering in and out. I went into the bathroom and there were two people in the tub fucking behind the curtain."
"Don't want anyone else to see you fucking tonight?", I said grinning at her.
"Well, I might have got a little carried away. It was very exciting, but I definitely would not do it in front of strangers for sure. Besides, Karen has seen me naked before, when we have been swimming and changed clothes around each other."
"It was hot watching her suck Bob off. And she had a nice tit hanging out."
Caroline punched my arm playfully, "Hey what are you doing looking at her tits?," she laughed.
"You have seen them. I only got a peek at one."
"Yeah, she does have nice tits," she said smiling.
"She's not the only one," I said as I squeezed Caroline's through her dress.
"HMMM," she moaned softly. She moved her hand to my crotch and started to massage my cock through my pants. Soon my cock was hard and ready to be let out. Caroline slipped her hand inside my pants touching my hard cock.
I moaned as she grasped my cock and began to stroke it in my pants. Releasing one of her tits I reached down unbuckled my belt and opened my pants up giving her more room to play with me. We were beside the air conditioner unit and would not be completely visible if someone stepped around the house. The occasional noise of the unit also covered up our activities.
Caroline looked around me to see if anyone was around, "We going to do it right here?"
I looked around too, "Why not?"
The back seat of the car was not the same as being out in public like this. I could tell she was thinking about it, her common sense struggling with the booze and dope she had had tonight. Fortunately booze and dope won tonight. Caroline pulled my pants and underwear down to my ankles and got on her knees in front of me. Sliding the dress straps off of her shoulders, she exposed her tits to the night air. Grabbing her tits she molded them around my cock and began to rub them against me. On the downstroke she would pop the head of my cock in her mouth. I was leaning back against the air conditioner unit enjoying the feel of her soft tits and warm mouth.
Dropping her hands from her tits, she grabbed by cock at the base and began to work it into her mouth. She stroked me slowly as she sucked on the head and part of my cock. Seems like every time she took me in her mouth the better her blowjobs got. While I could not see it completely, it seemed like her other hand was working her pussy. After a couple of minutes of sucking me like that she stood up and pulling her hand from under her dress, brought her fingers to my mouth. I took them in my mouth sucking them, she had been fingering herself. Caroline then reached under her dress and pulled her panties off, dropping them on the ground by my feet.
"I want you back in me," she said.
"Okay, bend over and hang on to the air conditioner."
She moved by me, bending over the unit and I maneuvered behind her. The unit kicked on startling both of us and blowing her hair around. Holding my cock I guided the tip to touch her pussy. I slid up and down her pussy teasing her.
"Quit teasing me," she said looking over her shoulder.
"Ok," I said, entering balls deep in one stroke.
She started humping back against me as I stood still, my cock sliding in and out of her pussy with ease. Caroline was pushing hard against me with every stroke and I had to grab her hips to not be knocked back. Reaching under herself with one hand, I could feel her fingers touching the front of her pussy as she began to rub her clit. After a couple of minutes of her moving like that she pushed back against me, taking me balls deep, her body stiffened, pussy quivered around my cock as her orgasm hit her. I could not hear her breathing but could see her body rising and falling as she tried to catch her breath.
I was close to cumming but let her ride out the orgasm. As her body relaxed I grasped her hips and began to fuck her slowly increasing my tempo. She was bracing herself against the air conditioner as my pounding became harder. I needed to cum in her, fill her up.
Leaning forward so she could hear me, "I'm cumming in you."
She nodded her head yes and I continued working my cock into her. A few more strokes did it, I pulled her hard against me and emptied my second load of the night into her. She clenched her pussy muscles milking my cock as she felt me pumping into her. I fell onto her back and laid there catching my breath as the unit kicked on and we could hear again.
"Damn, that was fun," I said.
She nodded, "We should get dressed before someone sees us," she said now being modest.
We could hear others in the backyard around the corner. I pulled out of her, a string of cum falling on her thigh. She pulled the top of her dress up as I began to pull my pants up. Before I had them all the way up, she bent over and took my cock in her mouth cleaning her juices and my cum from it.
Standing back up she looked at me, "Yummy, love tasting me on you."
I finished getting dressed and she found her panties and slipped them back on. We went to rejoin the party and find Bob and Karen. Definitely had been a great night for sex and discovering some new excitement.