Author's note:
BDSM elements in this part.
All characters over eighteen.
Part 5/6
~~~~~~
CHAPTER 23
Before I can say anything, my sister's lips are stuck to my face.
I tell her it's fine.
"It's not," she says, between kisses. "I don't like people taking you away."
The uniformed cop who escorted me outside is still holding the door open, and watching the performance. I try to move my sister to the sidewalk, as I don't want to do any more explaining today.
"They just needed to ask me some stuff."
"All day?" Jessica lets go of me with her lips, but her fingers hold my ribs. A streetlight flickers to life between our heads and a dead Oregon sky.
"Yeah, Dad cooked himself up something good."
"What happened?"
"They sat me in a room. Mostly I waited. Then they asked about the checks. That went on for a while. I didn't have much to tell them, but they kept at it. Then they asked about work, and what my relationship with Dad is there."
"And?" Jessica grabs my hand, and leads me away from the police station. The hem of her yellow dress swishes around her thighs, as we walk.
"I just said as little as I could. I told them Dad got me the job, and I don't really know anything else."
"Did they ask about Todd?"
"Kind of. They wanted to know about anybody else who was hired with me, but didn't say why they were asking. I didn't tell them what we know. They focused more on the checks than my work."
Jessica leads us around a street corner at a stoplight. We're way out east by Gresham, and I don't know this neighborhood well.
"I'm parked up here," she says.
"Want me to drive?"
"If you want."
"Nah, I've done enough damage today."
Jessica unlocks Kevin's Audi, and climbs in the driver side, as four people clad in yellow t-shirts approach on the sidewalk. Blue denim overalls wrap over the shoulders of one girl, who grips a gas mask. Their combined determined stares convince me to keep out of their path.
My sister takes us west out of the city, where home sits on a flat quiet road, next to a park. Night falls over a soundtrack of turn signal clicks, as Jessica works lane changes, and exits.
"They're going to drag you in too," I say.
Jessica yanks the e-brake. "I'm surprised they haven't called me yet."
"I did give them your number, but I doubt they'll haul you in like they did to me."
Slippery gravel crunches under my heels, and we stop at the bottom of the steps.
"Oh, and the guys who took me in talked about you on the way to the station."
My sister pinches her brow. "What about me?"
"The cop who was standing by your door said my girlfriend seems to like me, and wanted to know how long we'd been together."
"And?"
"I said 'since school started.'"
The wheels in the green turn briefly. "I'm good with that."
Dark windows loom above us.
"Mom's not home, I take it?"
"No, she's off with Phil, then has to work all night."
"What's it like inside?"
"It's a disturbing mess. They tore through everything."
"I don't really want to go in there right now." I pull my sister by the hand onto the pavement toward the park. She skips her step to close the gap, and clings to my side. We follow the trail of overhead lights alongside the winding pathway. As we near the far side of the park, my sister stops us in the darkness between the lampposts.
Jessica looks at me.
"What?"
"One of my favorite things happened here."
"When we put on a show for that couple?"
"Mm-Hmm. I had no idea you were going to do that."
"That was a good one, but there's one I like more."
"When did it happen?"
"Every school morning," I say. "When you leave."
"When I leave?" The last word curls up and boils on her tongue.
"When we get off the bus and you kiss me with the crowd of people around."
"That terrifies me every time I do it."
"You do it every morning."
"Mm-Hmm, it scares me, but it's thrilling at the same time. I picture people staring at us from the shops across the street. Or the temp office above them. I feel like the bird on the sign is watching us."
"At least that's not one of Donna's offices. And you do it every single day, even with that?"
"I'm not leaving you without kissing you goodbye." Jessica puckers her lips and innocently pecks my cheek.
My sister's dress swirls against the back of my hand, as we continue our walk with our fingers woven together.
"Did you find out about anyone else?" asks Jessica. "The Red Haired Lady closed off and quit talking to me right after the cops took you in. I don't understand why she was texting me all that. It was like a game to her."
"Not really. They were pretty tight lipped."
"Hmm."
"So what was it like having a car for a day?"
"Shitty. I was worried about my kid brother, and wondering if I was next. Oh, speaking of which, Jane says they'll be by tomorrow to pick up the car. They're staying another night at the beach."
"I swear that thing wants to go 120. They're bringing my phone too, right?"
"Yes, Jane has it."
"Great. Copsreallywant that. I bet they want yours too."
"But we're safe, right? I meanus."
"Should be." I shrug against my sister. "Blue dot texts, and all that. I'm going to double check our chat to make sure it's empty, before I turn my phone in."
We share a quiet walk the rest of the way back, and then we're inside the kitchen door staring at a chaotic ransacked mess. It looks like we've been robbed, and they were not gentle about it.
Jessica says, "Yeah, it's pretty bad," and walks down the hall, flipping on lights.
I survey the ruins of the kitchen and living room, not wanting to approach the disaster. Cabinets opened, contents strewn all over the counters. It's overwhelming to even begin thinking about cleaning it up.
"Jesus," I say. "If I had money, I'd get us a hotel room tonight."
"I was thinking about that today while I was waiting for you." My sister looks at me from the other side of the kitchen.
"A hotel?"
"Yes. I... I want to do something. When we have money. But you need to be feeling adventurous."
"What do you want to do?"
Jessica steps in front of me and looks me in the eye.
"Fancy hotel. You and me. We go to the front desk, and tell them our names. First and last, for real. Then I put my tongue down your throat in front of everyone in the lobby, and ask for a room."
"They'd probably think we're newlyweds."
"They might. We can be whoever we want. They won't know us. Then I want to make out in the hot tub by the pool. And drink wine and maybe get caught fucking. I'd either play it off like I'm innocent and embarrassed. Or, like it doesn't bother me in the least, like when I was getting dressed in front of you. I might work both in. I haven't decided that part yet."
My sister's fantasy is now my fantasy.
Jessica stares at me. "Would you play along?"
"Of course," I say. "As soon as I get my work pay sorted. But now I need your help with something."
Jessica raises her eyebrows.
I pull my sister by the hand down the hall to her room, stopping next to her bed. She looks at me, and I take hold of the sides of her yellow sundress. Jessica raises her arms, and I lift the dress over her head. Her eyes don't leave me, as I throw the only thing she was wearing into a crumpled pile by the door. Then she climbs on the bed and sits on her knees. I toss everything I'm wearing below the waist after Jessica's dress, then I'm on the mattress beside her, spinning her around, so she faces away. She leans down on her elbows and knees, and looks back. I push myself inside her, and we fuck under the full illumination of her ceiling light, rocking back and forth, with her bed wobbling underneath us. The bounce is really in control of our pace, and it begins to piss me off. She reaches back with her arm, and I grab her below the elbow. This helps for a time, but my knees slip on her purple comforter, and I lose my grip on her.
I make a fist of my sister's hair, tight against the back of her head, and pull her toward me. Her neck arches back, and she whimpers. Then she slides her hand below and rubs herself. Jessica pinches her eyes shut in a tight face, and I try to read her expression, but it's hard to see from where I am.
My sister's bed shakes and squeaks as we chase what we're after together. The pinched look on her face grows tighter, and her rubbing quickens, as I get close. She's pulling short, quick breaths, then she twitches and groans. Her hand below slows, and a few rocks later I pull her hair harder, and fill her.
I collapse on my elbow next to my sister, our faces inches apart. Jessica hangs limp in my grip, her mouth halfway open, as I bend her neck back. Her eyes gaze past me, working some emotion beyond the confines of her bedroom.
My sister will let me do anything I want to her.
A thousand fantasies begin to form, and all quickly shatter when I realize I might hurt her. I let go of her hair, and black silk runs down my arm. Jessica's face softens, as she rolls onto her back, and sucks in a breath.
"Are you okay?" I ask. "Did I hurt you?"
"I'm okay." Jessica sucks in one breath after another. "That was hot."
I roll over next to her, and my shoulder throbs. I realize I need to catch my breath too.
"I want to get caught doing that by some strangers," says Jessica, staring at the ceiling.
Getting to know my exhibitionist sister.
My shirt is adhered to my chest with a layer of sweat, so I tear it off and throw it after the pile of clothes by the door. My sister rolls off the bed, but I'm still catching my breath.
The hiss of running water.
"Shower time?"
I follow the sound, and push Jessica into the water, not bothering to close the bathroom door.
At first it's all business, and we're using orange stuff and shampoo.
Then I pin her against the wall.
Jessica leans in and presses her face against mine. I let go of her sides, and grab each of her breasts, until a white hot light burns across my shoulder, and forces me to let go.
"Sorry." My sister's touch fades. "I forgot."
We play in the water for a bit, before capping the orange and calling it good.
Then I'm sitting on my sister's bed with a robe around me, while she stands at the foot brushing long wet streaks of dark hair. I'd shut off all the lights, and locked the kitchen door, rather than address the mess. When I stop by my room I find the police have freed me every electronic device I own, including my spare phone charger, a shitty laptop, and a PlayStation 3.
"Is Mom coming home tonight?" I ask.
"She didn't say." Jessica leans over to one side, her robe cinched tightly around her waist. Her hair falls in an arc, and she pulls a brush down the length of it. Each time she reaches the end, she takes the brush up next to her face, for another stroke down.
I lay back on Jessica's bed. "I don't want to give the police my phone."
"Me either." My sister puts down the brush and lays next to me. "But you like kissing me in front of the bus stop?"
"That's different," I say. "I don't like the idea of people reading what we talk about. Especially if it's in a court record or something."
"But if it's just us doing something. And we let people see."
"Then it's fun. Why is that?"
"Not sure," says Jessica. "But it is."
"Anything on your phone you're worried about?"
"That convo with the Red Haired Lady today. That's pretty much it. Jane and I don't use the blue dots much, but we also don't talk about anything the cops will care about."
Jessica runs her foot down my calf, then rolls against me, and puts her knee between my legs. "What do you think Mom would say if she found us like this? Think she'd just figure we had a traumatic day?"
"Maybe. Not sure I care anymore."
"Same." Jessica sits halfway up, and tosses off her robe, then kills the lamp. The room dissolves into darkness around her pale bare shoulders, and I surrender my own robe to the floor. My sister pulls her purple comforter over us. I can't see its color, but I know it by feel.
"Can I be the jetpack?" I ask. "So I can whisper evil things to you."
"It's just called 'spooning' when you do it." Jessica rolls on her side, and presses her back into me.
I rub my sister's shoulder, then drape my arm over her side, and breathe on her neck. We float in a bubble of orange, and some other unidentifiable fruit. I'd paid more attention to her naked skin than the bottles she used while we were in the shower.
"Why'd you move here?" I ask.
"School. You know that."
"But, I mean, why here for school? Was it just money?"
"Mostly. Cheaper school, plus no rent for now. I couldn't afford to keep going up there, and Dad would only pay for something down here. It's better on paper, even without whatever he's doing."
I trace circles over my sister's ribs, then cup her breast and pull her tight against me. At first she arches her back, pushing her chest into my hand. Then she curls forward, and we're two crescents pressed together. Her hair and the fruit within form a mask over my face, and I'm breathing through a screen of wet silk. It's cold and weird, and I wouldn't have it any other way.
"Did Dad offer you a job, like he did for me?" I ask.
"Yes, actually."
"You turned him down?"
"I told him I'm focused on school. He really wanted me to take the job, but he knows not to push me too far."
A smile grows inside Jessica's hair.
"Why do you ask?"
"Just wondered."
"Did you think I moved all this way to hang out with you?" My sister covers my hand with hers and squeezes. Her hand over my hand, over her breast.
"I'd be lying if I didn't say bossing me around seemed like part of the appeal."
"You need it sometimes." Jessica adjusts her head on the pillow, and her hair strands shift and tickle my face.
I breathe deep. "New shampoo?"
"Kiwi, guava. I got it this afternoon, while I was waiting for you. And thinking about hotels."
~~~~~~
CHAPTER 24
"I'm going in to work." I push myself up by my palms to look over a rose bush. Yellow paint flakes off the top of the wooden picnic table and sticks to my hands. I'm straining to see the bench my dad and Kirsten had soiled, a stone's throw to our right, but a hedge of roses blocks my view. "I want to dig around more. I've got a couple ideas."
"Workers comp people give you the green light?" asks Jessica.
"Yeah, they told me on Friday, before we left. I'm going to have Kevin and Jane drop me off at the MAX when we give the car back." I sit down next to my sister. "I don't like missing anthropology, but there's no way I'm going to econ. I can't handle the guest lecturer. His lack of a ridiculous accent makes it hard to respect him."
"Then what?"
"Turn my phone in, I guess."
Jessica's mouth moves, as she taps on her screen. She's wearing the golden brown lip color again. Her gestures rustle through her black fleece jacket against my arm. "Jane says they're almost here."
"What are you going to do?"
"Go to my chemistry lecture. Wait for the FBI, or whoever to call."
We grabbed breakfast, and came out to sit in the park, rather than address the mess in the house. The sun's yellow hands reach through oak trees at the edge of the lawn, but the cold damp of the ground still holds sway, and the air hangs heavy. Mom stayed at Phil's house, and though Jessica assured her we were fine, I know she worried anyway.
"Do you have any cash?" asks Jessica. "I just need enough to get my bank account up to a positive balance again."
I slide a couple twenty dollar bills out of my jeans pocket, and hand them to my sister.
"You don't have to give me all of it."
I tell her to take it, then I size up the bridge across the street, and look back at the park bench closer to us. It looks different during the day, and I wonder how much Kirsten had really seen.
A truck's booming low idle forces me to turn my attention to the street. Jessica does the same, as does everyone walking down the path nearby.
But it's not a truck.
A fire engine red Oldsmobile sits between us and the chips shop. Kevin and Jane climb out of the back seat, and Kevin waves at us, then secures himself in line at the shop. The car rumbles away, and Jane crosses the grassy bit of the park, setting her bag down on the other side of our table.
"Lose this?" Jane holds out my phone, without looking up from her own. "It rang on the way back just now."
Eight percent battery remaining, and a swarm of notifications.
One text from Mom with Phil's number. And one from Rachel. I swipe that one away before I even read it. Fuck that noise. One missed phone call from an unknown number, one voice mail, and one text from the previous evening from Dad saying, "let's talk about the checks tomorrow. I'm getting lunch at the plaza. Meet me."
"Everything okay?" Jessica is watching my face.
"Not sure."
I hold the voice mail button, and a short, robotic voice informs me that my bank account has been frozen, pending a legal investigation. How kind of them to inform me two full days later.
"Well?" asks Jessica.
"My bank account is fucked."
"You already knew that."
"Dad texted me back too. Wants to meet me down town."
Jessica scrunches up her nose. "You going to go?"
"I think I need to."
Jane sets her phone on the table and waves across the street to Kevin. The bench tilts under her weight in the soggy ground, as she sits in front of Jessica and me.
"Okay, you two." Jane folds her hands on the table. "I know you've got some weird shit going on right now, but I have to do this."
"Do what?" asks Jessica.
"What's going on with you?"
"Well," says my sister, "our dad is up to something. I don't even know where to begin."
"That's not what I mean." Jane stares at Jessica. "I mean you. And you." She turns her gaze to me, and holds it for a moment, then looks back at my sister.
"What do you want to know?" Jessica tilts her head slightly.
Jane sighs. "You move back here. You're happy. You're upset. You're really happy. And you don't talk about any of it. You stick to your brother like glue, and he's the same with you." She tosses a short glance at me. "So, I'll ask again. What's going on with you two?"
Jessica presses her lips together, and a tight cold vice clamps down on my chest. I want to leap off the bench, but running won't free me from Jane's inquisition. I can't answer the question either. An uncomfortable silence forms on a soggy yellow table.
When my sister doesn't respond, Jane raises her eyebrows and sits back.
"My brother and I are very close."
Mike & Ikes, Dots, Good & Plenty.
"You're close?" Jane does not look impressed. "Close how?"
I can't tell if she's figured it out and is baiting us.
"We're close," says Jessica, "like you and Kevin are."
Jane smirks. "Like Kevin and me? So what, you go on dates and get fish and chips and shit?" She points over her shoulder with her thumb.
"Yes, actually."
The smirk on Jane's face evaporates. She leans her elbows on the table, takes in a measure of me with her eyes, then returns her attention to my sister. "So you go on dates, and get food. You do other stuff too? Is that what you're getting at?"
Whoppers, Rolo, Nestle Crunch.
"Yes, we do. We--" Jessica takes a deep breath. "We do everything together."
"Are you seriously saying what I think you are?"
Mamba, Air Heads, Jolly Ranchers.
"Mm-Hmm." My sister gives a faint nod.
Jane stares at Jessica, deadpan. "You guys are fucking. Like, actual fucking."
"I thought that's why you asked." Jessica sits calm, almost hushed.
This table is a prison, and I am an inmate.
"I knew something was up, but I didn't figure on that. Who all knows about this?"
"Just you." Her voice is half a whisper.
"And how long has this been a thing? Since you moved?"
"Not exactly." Jessica swallows hard. "It's been--"
"A while," I say, pulling my sister's hand off her leg. I run my fingers between hers, and she squeezes me.
"Wow." Jane leans back and her whole expression melts away. "I don't know what to say."
Getting to know my painfully honest sister.
"Are you creeped out?" asks Jessica. "Are you going to tell people?"
Jane pulls her numb face into something half exasperation, half confusion. "Creeped out? Yeah, if I'm honest. But no, I don't think I'm going to tell anyone."
"You don'tthink?" asks Jessica. I want a little more assurance too.
"Okay." Jane sighs. "I'm not going to tell anyone. But you guys know you're twisted as fuck, right?"
Jane's words pull a cowl of shame over my head, as I imagine how she sees us. I'm the creep who ruined her friend.
I say, "I hope we're at least entertaining."
"Oh." Jane stares knives at me, then turns back to Jessica. "You guys are better than any reality TV show I've everheard of."
Kevin crash lands on the bench next to Jane, and slams down a white paper bag of takeout food. I hadn't seen him approach. Fried fish and batter wash over us.
Then Jessica's phone rings. She lets go of my hand, and climbs free of the table, ducking behind the rose bushes with the phone against her ear.
"Why does everybody look so down?" asks Kevin. He tears open a box of fish and dumps tartar sauce all over the inside.
"Just some family drama, Babe," says Jane, in a muted tone. She gazes over my shoulder.
"Car treat you okay?" comes out of Kevin's full mouth.
"Yeah, thanks again." I put the key in front of him on the table, and try to shake myself back to reality. "It likes to go fast. I had to watch it." I turn around in my seat. Jessica paces behind a bush and is talking, but I can't hear details.
Kevin swallows. "So what's your day look like, Alex? Get your shit sorted out?"
"Not exactly," I say. "I'm going to work, then I guess I have to go meet my dad, if he hasn't been arrested. And then turn my phone in to the cops."
"No shit?"
I pick yellow paint flakes off my palms, while Kevin devours his lunch. Jane sits lost in a thousand-yard stare and hasn't touched her food. Then mulch crunches behind me, and I turn to see Jessica returning to the table a few paces away. I bolt off the bench, and pull my sister by the sides of her arms, back to where she'd been behind the bush.
"What's going on?" I ask.
"That was the police. I have to go in right now. They want my phone."
I rub Jessica's arms, and she leans her chin against my good shoulder. A rose bush bulges between us and our friends, though it doesn't offer much cover.
"What do I tell them?" asks my sister.
"I guess what we know about Dad and the checks. Not that much. I didn't tell them anything else."
"What are you going to talk to Dad about?"
"I'm not sure. I guess I want answers. Why is Kirsten in jail, but he's not?"
"Get him to talk. Tell him how it was clearly all Kirsten's idea, or something. He'll hate that, and admit to things."
"Then what?"
"Then we'll know more, I guess."
"What if." I take out my phone and hold it between us. "What if I record us talking?"
"Wow, there's an idea. Then the cops get it when they get your phone."
"There's no way to control what he'll say. It'll all just go on there."
Jessica presses her lips together. "Do what you have to."
I hold my sister by the sides of her arms as we stand face to face behind the row of shoulder-high bushes.
"Hey, Wonder Twins," says Kevin. He's standing on the bench of the table peering down at us. "We gotta hit the road. You guys need a ride somewhere?"
"I need to go downtown," says Jessica. She speaks to him, but she looks at me.
"I need to go to work," I say. "Can you drop me at the MAX station down the street?" I let go of Jessica, and turn back to our friends. Jane's eyes dart back and forth between my sister and me, as we rejoin them at the table.
Kevin boxes up Jane's food. "Where's my car?"
The four of us squish through muddy grass to the path, and up the road to our driveway. Kevin clicks his key fob as we approach and the car chirps. I climb in behind Jane, the same as I'd done on the way to the beach. Kevin pulls us around, and heads us toward the light rail station. I keep catching Jane's gaze in the side mirror. I don't want to look at her, but I force myself to act normal, whatever that is. She said she's not going to tell anyone, but I don't know if that includes Kevin. I check my phone. Still eight percent battery.
"Hey," I say in my most authoritative voice. "You guys have a phone charger?"
"For that thing?" Kevin glances back at me in a way that takes his view far off the road. "I think I tossed my parts for dinosaur phones."
Jane rummages around below her knees, and comes up with a tangled cable. "We've got this." She holds the cord back between the seats, while looking ahead.
The charger plug is far more modern than anything my phone accepts. "Not going to work. Thanks for checking."
Jane silently retracts her offering.
I launch the blue dot app, and set messages to disappear after two minutes. Then I text Garrett.
"You at work? Can I buy you that coffee I owe you?"
Garrett responds immediately."Yeah, you coming in early today?"His message matches my two-minute expiration timer.
"Got some stuff to do. I'll be there in a bit."
A thumbs up emoji comes in, and counts down from ten seconds, then vanishes. I lock my phone to save what remains.
Kevin pulls up at the curb of the light rail station, and I can already see the train approaching. I touch Jessica's leg, as a parting offer, the most I'm willing to risk inside the car. Then I'm outside standing on the platform, surrounded by people. Several in the crowd move in front of and behind me at the same time, causing me to stand upright more than I'd like. The whirr of the MAX comes down the track at me, as it glides the last couple blocks.
A woman with a dark shiny department store bag bumps into me, and knocks me back a step. The offender apologizes, then continues on her way.
A car door opens and shuts behind me.
Then a hand touches my back.
"You going to be okay?" asks Jessica.
"Yeah. What about you?"
The train slows in front of a buzzing swarm of waiting travelers.
"I'll be fine, yes."
A homeless man pushes a shopping cart near us, and Jessica hops into me to avoid him. The sea of people passing by my sister and me bubbles and swirls, as people wait for the doors to open. But they're not open yet, and we're still standing here. Then something comes over me. I don't know what I'll find at work. Or what my dad will say. Or what the cops will do with my phone. Or anything, now that Jane knows about my sister and me. But Jessica is here for this moment. I grab her by the waist, and pull her against me.
Then I kiss her.
My sister sucks in a breath, and kisses me back. Five sharp talons dig into my back, and the swarm of people around us dissolves. Our friends wait in the car, a few feet away, but they're gone too. Jessica climbs on me, and pushes my mouth open with her tongue. The talons turn to daggers, and it becomes every morning at the bus stop. Then it's that first time together in the shower, the kiss in the park, the smear of makeup in Jane's kitchen. This is every time I've touched her, or wanted to touch her, but could not.
I break away, and a crowded world reappears. Inside the car, Jane wears a sad smile on her lips. Kevin slouches over the steering wheel, mouthing, "what the fuck" in an exaggerated, slow charade.
The doors of the train stand open and waiting, and I step through. I try to play it cool, as though Jessica and I hadn't just done what we very clearly had, but the smile on my face betrays me.
~~~~~~
CHAPTER 25
I say, "We need a word or something. For when it's too much."
"I trust you," says my sister.
"Isn't it better to have one, just to be safe?"
The button blinks amber at me again, but the blinds remain closed. I push once more, and the light goes solid. A motorized buzz comes from above somewhere, and the blinds shimmer, and wiggle, but do not move.
Something thumps behind me, and my sister has straightened the nearer bed back against the wall. The far bed remains askew, pushed several feet toward the front door.
I let go of the button and press it again. It clicks through my thumb. The blinds continue shimmering, but the front curtains remain closed.
"Can I pick the word?" she asks.
"Anything you want."
Another thump from behind me, and the second bed is straight against the wall. Three empty wine bottles sit next to my sister's bag, on the table between the beds. All the visible covers in the room lay heaped in a pile on top of the closer bed, rising as high as my chest. My clothes may or may not be in that heap. I've lost track of them.
"You going to tell me?" I ask.
"You'll know."
"I don't think that's how this works."
I release the amber button and press and hold the green one next to it. More grinding from above. I don't let go, and the front curtains bunch in front of me, each section stacking on top of the one before it, like an accordion. I keep holding.
A gust of wind rushes past me from behind, rippling through the marching curtains. The front set continues its shuffle to the sides of the room. The back set glows orange at me, as it's slowly revealed by its departing sibling. Rustling from behind me, and the outer blinds tuck themselves into the walls on each side of the room.
Hot breath blankets the back of my neck. Her warm hand against my ribs.
I push and hold the amber button. The second set of blinds begins to retract, wiping a mirror across the floor-to-ceiling window that makes up the side of the room.
My sister says the magic words, and the orange and the mirror dissolve. She lets go of my side, and streaks two fingers across my back, then holds out her hand in the dim light.
I take her offer, and she pulls me down onto a pile of blankets, pushed against the side of the bed in a makeshift sofa. She's layered it upside down, so we sit on the sheets, with the comforter underneath, against the carpet. I don't notice her clothes either. They must be hiding with mine.
We cuddle, shoulder to shoulder, knees up, with our backs to the bed, facing the view across the river. Lights from the east side of the city shimmer in the water, half a skyscraper below. The freeway overpass splits around an onramp above the far bank. One side burns red, and the other white. Past the ramps, and the lights, next to the science museum, a submarine lurks in the water.
Five knives scrape the inside of my leg. She grabs hold of me, and starts working. I push my arm between my sister's back and the bed, and cup my hand over her bare shoulder.
I let her work.
She keeps at it for a while, but I'm still mostly soft. My sister groans, and lets go.
She leans forward, and gathers her hair, like she's going to put it in a ponytail. But instead of tying it together, she twists it around several times, and taps the back of my hand with her finger.
I turn my hand over. She pulls my fingers open, and lays her hair in my palm. I grasp the bundle, holding it tight. The last remnants of the shower trickle down my wrist.
My sister ragdolls herself against my side, her face tethered on a wet silken rope.
It takes me a moment to realize.
My free hand feels her knee, then between her legs. She's not as wet as she has been, but it's enough. My sister squirms onto my fingers, more than I push them inside her. I grip her with the middle two, and pull her hair for support with my other hand. I'm playing her like an accordion. Like the blinds.
I hook her inside, and slide out her wetness, spreading it around in flat circles. When it stars to lose its slip, I go back in for more.
Then I pull her hair straight down, around the other side of her shoulder. My sister's face twists up toward mine. Her gaze tilts back to meet me, but her jaw stays low, making her look shocked. The lights from across the river glimmer in her eyes.
I pull her hair down harder.
A whimper escapes her mouth, but she doesn't move, or flex, or do anything.
So I pull and rub harder.
And harder.
My sister takes it. She's in both pain and pleasure, but I'm the uncomfortable one.
She'll let me do anything I want, but I let go, and pull my fingers out.
She pinches her chin down, and sucks in a breath. Then another breath. She's more the color of the brake lights than the headlights from our view.
My sister pushes the bundle of hair against my hand, and stares at me.
I twist the black rope, then wrap it around the back of my hand. My other fingers slip inside, and rub, as they had been.
I pull her hair, slowly at first. I'm worried I've already hurt her.
Her neck arcs back, and her head touches the bed, as I work back up to where I was.
She stares at me the whole time, lights in her eyes.
There are tears in them now.
Then I pull harder.
And she screams our mother's name.
~~~~~~
CHAPTER 26
There's no phone charger anywhere in my shitty cubicle. I never kept one there, and neither did the last asshole who occupied this shoulder-high box of frayed blue upholstery.
I almost asked this rope-haired, lanky pale guy on the MAX to borrow his power bank. Three phones dangled off his battery in a jumble of cables, and one of them looked as old as mine, so it might have worked. But he was actively using one of the phones to host a heated argument with his girlfriend, or whoever, on speakerphone. She said something about a change of plans, and he tore into her, brandishing the bullhorn he'd had on the seat next to him. I decided not to bother him.
"I'm going to have to do this fast."I text Jessica."No charger, and no time."
My message gets pushed up a line."They dropped me off. I'm walking to the station now."My sister's text counts down from sixty seconds.
Then I text Garrett."Café?"
"I'm there now, doing some work."
And then I'm outside my cubicle doing my best impression of an Olympic speed walker.
The sun blinks through the windows behind the crisscrossing steel beams, as I leave cube city. The first archway welcomes me between its two rows of elevators, and I take extra careful note of the silver globe hanging from the ceiling on the far side. No carts or beeping, and I coast around the corner into Building One. A quick left turn, and I'm in line at the café, scanning the room for Garrett. I spot him at the far end, hanging sideways off a stool at the wall bar, his nose pushed into a black laptop, and a paper cup of coffee steaming up his glasses.
I wade through the sea of people waiting for coffee and scones, then I stand in front of Garrett's half lean on the stool. He's sort of one leg on, and one leg off. Computer code scrolls up, in the reflection in his glasses.
"Hey, man," I say.
He jerks his head up, and studies my face for a moment. "Oh, hey. Sorry, lots going on here. I had to get away from my desk."
"Do you have a charger that works with this?" I hold out my decrepit phone.
Garrett glances at my hand, and laughs. "No, sorry. I purged all my legacy cables a while back."
"You're actually working down here?"
"Yeah, it's noisy, but people keep coming by my cube. I can't get this shit done when they're bugging me every five minutes for updates."
"I was going to buy you coffee." I lean closer and glance at his screen. Some kind of a spreadsheet, but within each cell lies a block of code. I can't begin to decipher what I see.
"I've been drinking it non-stop since I left the beach the other morning."
"Same project?"
"Yeah, big fire drill." Garrett talks to me, but keeps his face buried in his laptop. "What did you want to talk about?"
"If I give the cops my phone, they'll be able to unlock it and see everything on it, right?"
Garrett puts his coffee down, and looks at me. "Yes. Almost certainly. If you've got some really state of the art stuff, they might have to work for it, but you should assume they'll get into it."
"What about the blue dot texts?"
"Those are only as secure as both ends. If they have access to either side, they can see them."
"But," I say, "in theory. If both sides are safe. They won't see anything. Like, if it's all deleted, or the vanishing texts."
Garrett smiles. "Then there's nothing to see."
"Aren't you going to ask what's going on?"
"Nope, I know better." He turns back to his screen.
"One more question," I say.
"Shoot."
"Contractor badges. What do they look like?"
"They've got the red stripe, instead of yellow, like ours." He holds out his badge, yellow stripe running down the front of the side, like someone had rubbed a thick highlighter over the card inside the laminate. I steady the badge dangling around my neck, and it glows with the same yellow.
"You said there's also an indicator for the contracting company somewhere."
"There's always a label in small print, usually at the bottom." Garrett takes a big pull of his coffee cup. His eyes don't leave the screen. "It's got the name of the agency, and even a logo, if it's a bigger one. Has to be there, for accountability reasons."
"Thanks a million, man."
"No problem."
"I'll owe you that coffee."
Building One perishes behind me, as I work back to the main intersection. Tan colored cubicles breeze past my right side, and my phone buzzes. I pull it out, expecting my sister's name.
"Are you around?"-- Dad
I stop at the edge of a row of cubes. Water trickles into a tiny paper cup to my side, as a woman in a yellow and white polka dot dress stands in front of a water dispenser with "CORVIS" printed across the upside down blue five-gallon bottle. The refrigeration part of the unit buzzes to refresh what she takes out.
"Yeah, but I'm at work."I type out. I stare at the unsent text for a moment, then I remember my battery problem."Did you still want to meet?"
"Yes, can you meet me downtown at the plaza right now?"
I shake my head, and the woman refilling her water looks at me."I'll catch the MAX as soon as I can."
My march returns me to the intersection where I assaulted the forklift, and I take a hard right into the manufacturing complex. Machinery beeps in stereo, and somehow also from above me. I'd prefer to run, but I'm not looking for another accident. Something gives a raspier beep from nearby, and I turn to discover a man holding his badge against a black scanning node next to a door handle. A distinctive red stripe streaks across the front of the badge, where mine is yellow.
The machinery fades behind me, as I reach Building Four. I duck into the studio where I got my badge, and the same technician with the very thick glasses reclines behind his double decker arc of computer monitors. A square white takeout box with red Chinese characters sits next to his keyboard. Two chopsticks poke out the top of his lunch. The man holds his face mere inches from some kind of a form displayed in a web browser.
I hail, "Excuse me."
"Yeah." The man doesn't move his head.
"Remember me?"
He gives me a sideways glance. "Todd." He turns his head back to his screens. "No, wait. Other guy."
"Alex."
"Yeah."
"What can I do for you?"
"Did Todd ever come in?"
"No, but I sent his badge off." He pulls the chopsticks loose, and stirs the contents of the box. "Weirdest damn thing I ever did."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean." He takes a bite of thick yellow noodles, and chews. "I never saw him. But I got a request to send his badge off without a photo, or anything. Along with some others. Most of them went out of town."
"That's not normal?"
The man coughs, and chews carefully. "No. That's completely unheard of. Somebody higher up demanded that my boss get those made. Said it was going to stop payroll, and affect contracts, or business, or something."
"Where did you send them?"
"Mailstops. Did that part proper."
"When did this all happen?"
"Couple weeks ago." He looks at me between the two chopsticks, noodles swaying underneath. "What's your interest in all this?"
"I'm supposed to be working with Todd, but I can't find him."
"Oh," says the technician, turning back to his monitor. "Well good luck with that. I think you're chasing a ghost."
Then I'm back in the hallway, with my phone out, and texting my sister.
"They made Todd's badge and sent it off without him, along with a bunch of others."My message counts down from sixty.
I stop by the entrance to the stairs, and stare at the screen, not wanting to go inside, in case I lose signal. My message disappears and I stare at the empty chat window, wondering if my sister saw the text.
A moment later, she replies,"Wow. I'm going into the police station in a minute. Don't text me anymore after I tell you."
Jessica's message counts down from ten seconds.
I match her timer, and reply,"Okay, tell me when."
Her text vanishes.
My phone has six percent battery when I stow it, and then I'm climbing up the stairwell. I get to the third floor, and find post C11. Todd's dust-encrusted cubicle lurks right where I left it. Old computers, and monitors packed together like sardines under a metal cabinet. A printer rides one office chair. On the other chair sits a broken fax machine.
I never really dug through the cubicle the first time I was here. I wheel the chair with the fax machine out, and crouch in the space it occupied. The cabinet over the monitors is locked, but the filing cabinet behind the chair with the printer slides open easily. In the big lower drawer lays a stack of dusty manuals for a phone system that looks nothing like the one sitting on the desk. I push the drawer shut, and try the smaller drawer above. Inside are a bunch of business cards with Chinese on one side and Arabic on the other.
When I push the second drawer back in, my thumb catches on a slim drawer that sits directly under where a keyboard would go, if this were occupied by an actual human. I pull open the drawer, and inside is a sealed yellow manila envelope with Todd's name and this cubicle's address. I rip open the side of the envelope, and dump the contents onto the tiny bit of available desk space next to one of the dusty computer towers. Several papers fall out, and on top of that, lands a plastic laminated badge hanging from a lanyard.
I flip the badge over, and Todd's name is tattooed across the front. A red stripe blazes up the side, and there's an empty square where the photo should be. But instead of Donna's company logo, in the corner is a black and white picture of a bird with three horizontal lines behind it.
My phone comes out.
"I have Todd's badge. It's not exactly what we thought."
The battery bleeds while I wait.
"Don't text me anymore."Jessica's message counts down from ten, and disappears.
I slink against the side of the cubicle, unsure of what to do. I grip my phone in one hand, and Todd's badge in the other. My phone dims, preparing to lock itself, when a blue bubble squishes itself into the empty chat window.
I tap the screen, and my phone glows bright.
10
Three words from my sister.
9
8
And they march to their deaths.
7
6
She's never said this to me.
5
The words serve two meanings.
4
One from my sister. The other from something else.
3
I want to respond.
2
But I can't.
1
And then her words are gone.
Getting to know my sister.