My wife had been raised in a very conservative and religious family. Both her father and uncles being preachers and her very domineering mother being ultra-conservative. But that all changed quickly once we were married. We were both only eighteen and us being from a small quiet and very conservative town we'd really never heard of things like exhibitionism or swinging. And though we knew what porn movies were we'd never seen one, and certainly didn't know what it was like in adult theaters or bookstores. But once we found out we were hooked.
Our journey started one night only a few months after being married when I won a polaroid camera at work and ended up taking some nude photos. For the first time, Lynn realized that she was actually quite sexy. She loved what she saw as did I so we started taking photos regularly, soon switching to a 35MM and the idea that the person developing the photos in an out of town lab was seeing her nude or in some of the sexy outfits she'd started ordering turned us both on quite a bit.
My shy preacher's daughter's wife who'd always dressed in a way to hide her body suddenly got excited at the idea of guys seeing just how sexy she actually was. And at 5-8, 110lb, 34D-24-35 with long sexy legs, and red hair & matching bush she was a knock-out. But until now she'd been hiding her sexy attributes. But it was almost like a floodgate had opened and she wanted people to see how sexy she was. She still had to put on her little miss goodie goodie act at work & around town. But at home, she dressed in outfits that showed off her sexy body.
Within six months of us getting married, she was doing things that would appear to be accidental to let our male friends see her nice big 34D tits with their huge puffy aureoles and always hard nipples that poked out like a couple of .45 caliber shells. This soon led to her letting a couple of them seeing her totally nude and our first experience's in swinging when we had some threesomes. As much as she'd enjoyed exposing herself, having two guys at once was even better. I must admit we were definitely on the same page, as I got super excited by guy's reactions when they saw my sexy wife's body. And even more so watching her being fucked by another guy while she sucked my cock. But our options were limited in our small town. So we started going out of town on weekends.
These weekend trips gave Lynn the chance to expose herself to lots of guys in many different situations. But something that soon caught our attention was the Adult Theaters & Bookstores with video booths in the back with gloryholes. We checked out both kind of low key to do a little recognizance and saw guys in the theaters jerking off and a few sucking cock as well as a few girls sucking guys off or being fucked. But none nearly as hot as Lynn and certainly not as young.
And at the bookstores, we found lots of guys hanging out in the hallway in the back where the booths were as well as guys in the booths hoping for a blowjob through the holes in the walls. We knew most were probably gay or bi but that didn't really sway us back then in the seventies. And despite their sexual preference she still got lots of attention. So once we had seen what was what we decided to work out our strategy. First was what to wear, and we picked out a silky wrap around dress that tied at the waist. Underneath all she had on was a sexy garter belt & silk stockings, with a pair of four-inch heels that put her at six-foot tall.
Then she put on dark eye makeup and dark red lipstick we'd start to jokingly call prostitute red, and matching nail polish. She fixed her hair just right and from the moment we left our room every guy who saw her couldn't stop looking at her. This just got her even hotter for our night at the theater. Going in she had her dress just loose enough that her firm 34D tits looked like they'd fall out at any second. And the thin material was plastered to her sexy ass like a second skin & the dress was just thin enough where under the bright lights in the lobby you could easily make out the black garter belt she was wearing.
At one point when she noticed several guys watching her she stopped down as if fixing the strap on her shoe letting the dress open up enough to give them a peek at her red bush and allowing one of her tits to fall out. As she stood up looking over at them and smiling. When we got into the theater we took seats in the center section about two-thirds of the way down. Lynn adjusted her dress where her tits were almost out and exposing her thighs where you could see the top of her stockings where they attached to the tabs on the garter belt.
We noticed once we sat down several guys got up and moved closer to us. At first, we thought she was going to be the only girl in the theater until three other couples came in. One the girl looked to be in her thirties and was really nice looking, but not as good as Lynn. And the other two were much old and looked kind of rough. Our anticipation was through the roof as we waited for the lights to go down and the movie to begin. And I was wondering if my sexy wife would actually go through with our plan as this was something very new for us.
Finally, they dimmed the lights, and the movie began. There was still plenty of light to see what was going on throughout the theater. Lynn waited until she saw some of the guys had their cocks out stroking them and the wife in one of the couples was going down on her husband. And she nudged me to let me know she was ready. so I leaned over and pulled the top of her dress open exposing her tits and started fondling them as she rubbed my cock through my pants. Several of the guys around us could see her big tits and when she pulled my cock out and leaned over to suck it the bottom of her dress opened to the waist exposing her fiery red bush.
As planned after only a couple of minutes she stood up and took her dress off and turned facing the back and laid it over the back of her seat letting everyone get a good look at her naked body. Soon many more guys moved close to us. Lynn had her legs spread and had her hands between her legs fingering her pussy as a guy moved to the seat right beside her. Around the same time, a guy behind her reached over the seat gradually until he'd cupped one of her tits and was fondling it.
Seeing she wasn't resisting and I was cool with it the guy beside her leaned over and took her other tit in his mouth. As he sucked it she reached over and started stroking his cock. After a few minutes, she leaned over and started sucking him off. He was so turned on having her deep throat his cock it didn't take long until he'd shot his load into her hot mouth. As soon as he got up another guy took his place, pulling her head down toward his already hard cock. As she sucked him off a guy was reaching over from behind groping her sexy ass and a guy in front of us reached through and was rubbing her pussy and groping her tits.
I got up and moved down a few seats to make more room and soon a guy had gotten behind her and was fucking her as she sucked off the other guy. It started to look like a conveyor belt as soon as she finished sucking or fucking one guy another took his place. And there were always others fondling her tits as they waited their turn. Everyone in the theater saw what was happening and some moved closer to watch.
It was as if they'd forgotten the movie and wanted to see some real action. I thought at one point our fun had ended when I saw a guy who worked there walking toward us. But damned if he didn't pull his cock out and get her to suck him off, the others letting him break line. And he suggested we move and pointed out a section to the side that had a couch and more room. Lynn walked over there still nude and soon found two or three guys at once with their cocks in her face as she took turns sucking them off other guys were fucking her and at one point she had a cock in her ass and another in her pussy at the same time.
And I'd had several guys offer to suck me off but politely declined. Then the couple with the nice-looking thirty-something wife moved over and the girl asked if Lynn was bi? When I said no she seemed disappointed but at that, the husband moved over and waited for Lynn to suck him off and the wife stripped and after sucking me off for a few minutes straddled me and had me fuck her in a reverse cowgirl position as she sucked off a couple of guys. Having me shoot-off on deep inside her pussy. Once her husband had shot a load in my wifes mouth his wife put her dress back on and they left.
At one point Lynn started having guys shoot off on her tits & face, which is something she loves. As the movie ended she put her dress back on and I gave her some napkins I'd stuck in my pocket. As she wiped the cum off she left a couple of globs on her tits & face as well as one huge glob in her hair. She'd done it intentionally, and when she closed her dress she left it where her tits were accidentally out of the dress showing off her big puffy areolas and the gobs of cum on her tits as well as her face & tits.
Just as she'd done coming in she stooped as if fixing her shoe, exposing her pussy and letting her tits fall out for everyone going into the late showing to see. And by all the gobs of cum knowing what she'd been doing.
We started to become regulars at various adult theaters in different cities as well as to some adult bookstores were once in the back she'd take off her dress and walk around in only stockings & heels letting guys feel her up. And sucking guys off or fucking them through the gloryholes or occasionally have a guy come in one of the larger booths for a threesome. And we always left the door or curtain open so others could watch. Though the surprise was on us one night when a guy reached through the hole and fondled her tits & ass. Then she backed up to the hole so he could fuck her a couple of minutes, then sucked him off until he shot off in her mouth.
As she came out of the booth naked except for a garter, stockings & heels. The guy she'd just fucked & sucked came out and she did a double-take as did he and she said " Uncle Bill?" As it turned out it was her dad's brother who was also a preacher. Like us, he lived over a hundred miles away from this place. He tried to explain but quickly gave up and said he was bi and no one knew and his wife wasn't into oral sex. We all agreed not to ever mention it again. But something that surprised me, Lynn, never attempted to put her dress on and he was openly checking out every inch of her body. And he commented on how she still looked just like his daughter who growing up had been confused as twins. Then went further to say even now that they were older they even still looked alike nude and both of them's breasts both looked and felt alike. I thought that was a very telling comment but it didn't hit Lynn until later.