I didn't realise until recently how much of a cheating slut I really was, or rather how much potential I had to be that cheating hot slut.
Six years of faithful marriage with no incidents of infidelity, though plenty of teasing and flirting during those years, all I might add with no objections from my husband, that is until the night a guy at a party, got particularly fresh during our slow dance.
As I said earlier there was always teasing and flirting, plus I always dressed to please in the tightest most provocative clothes which some would describe as slutty.
None of this bothered me as I was blessed with the breasts that men seem to adore, continually staring at them or trying to paw at them at every opportunity.
I can't deny that it did arouse me that men found me sexually attractive and it doesn't seem to bother my husband in the slightest.
With my large firm breasts, my narrow waist, my tight buns and my long slender legs, I would ensure that these assets would be portrayed in the best way possible, which would always be the sluttiest clothes.
I'd recently discovered the joys of stockings and garters, witnessing the obvious effect on my husband but also enjoying the effect they would have on my dance partners as they felt the protrusion of the garter straps when their hands wandered during our dance. This particular night I was wearing a very tight zip up shiny black top, the zip pulled down just enough to show lots of cleavage and the edge of my half cup black lace bra. The skirt I was wearing was a similar shiny black material, very tight and six inches above my knees. My stocking tops were barely covered during a dance as my partner placed his hand on my ass, squeezing gently. His eyes lit up when he felt the garter strap and he began to stroke the strap slowly. He pulled me closer to him and I could feel his hard cock pushing in to my shaved mound. That night I'd foregone wearing panties or a thong, which allowed his erection to push against my pussy with only his trousers and my tight skirt between our aroused sexual and organs. His breathing increased in tempo as he pushed his very impressive erection against my mound. My arms were around his neck with my lips close to his ear. I heard myself moan gently as he pushed his cock harder against me. I'd only shaved my pussy earlier that day and it was feeling extra sensitive as his throbbing pulsating cock pushed against my hairless mound. The thought of being unfaithful had never entered my head in the past, but some kind of physical change occurred when I felt his cock pushing in to me.
For the first time in my married life I craved another cock inside me. My mind was picturing this cock sliding inside me, driving into me with sheer lust. I felt myself involuntarily rocking my hips slowly against the magnificent cock.
My moaning increased in his ear as he took this as a sign to be more adventurous. He placed both hands on my ass cheeks and began to squeeze my buttocks in a way I'd never experienced. His hands were making my flesh tingle with desire, reverberating right through my shaved pussy, making me want him even more. At this point I'd forgotten that my husband was still in the room as I tilted my head up toward his and gently grazed my open mouth across his luscious lips. My tongue gently slid between his teeth as his own tongue met my own, as he pulled me even closer to him.
Breaking our kiss, he moved his lips to my ear. His warm breath tantalising my erogenous aural cavity as he softly whispered.
"Would you like to go upstairs?" He questioned, implying the obvious in his choice of words.
"I'd love too!" I admitted "But I'm here with my husband!" I continued, twisting my mouth in an apologetic fashion.
"That's OK but I don't want him watching!" He stated as though this was the norm.
"What?" I exclaimed somewhat shocked at his response, but ultimately more aroused than ever.
"Half of the people here are swingers and the husbands like to get off watching men with big cocks fuck their wives!" He said answering my question.
"There are couples here tonight where the husband likes to watch his wife get fucked?" I probed.
"There at least ten women here who I've fucked in the past and at least five of them have had their husbands watching me fuck them and do some of the most depraved things to them!" He smiled, showing his dazzling white teeth.
My pussy was throbbing at the discovery of this new sexual underworld I was not aware of.
"Come with me!" I said, grabbing his handing and leading him over to my husband, who was standing all alone like the proverbial wallflower. My husband smiled as we approached, noticing I was holding the hand of my sexy dance partner.
"Listen carefully as I don't have time to go over all the details, but my dance partner here, is going to take me upstairs and fuck me. You won't be able to watch, but I'll be back down once he's fucked me to satisfaction!" I said, staring into my husbands shocked eyes. He stood there with his mouth agape, nodding slowly.
I kissed his cheek and whispered.
"See you soon!" And giggled as I turned on my heels and headed to the staircase. My dance partner winked at my shocked husband and followed me up the stairs, cupping my buttocks, as my ass swayed back and forth. I could physically feel my pussy juice bubbling inside me, such was my state of arousal. I turned to smile at my husband, to find him standing with his mouth agape, holding his drink, when a leery smile spread across his face. I blew a kiss in his direction as my dance partner placed his hands on my large breasts, squeezing them sensually. I decided there and then that my dance partner and I would give my husband a small sex show before we disappeared in to the bedroom to exchange bodily fluids. With my dance partner squeezing my breasts at the top of the stairs, I kissed him passionately with a lot of tongue on display. My hand stroked the large bulge in the front of his trousers as I took a sneaky look at my husband, standing in the hallway, looking very flushed and adjusting the front of his trousers.
This situation was arousing me more than I'd ever thought possible. I needed the strangers cock inside me immediately and headed into the bedroom. The bedroom was lit in an incandescent red glow, giving the room the boudoir look. I locked the door behind us and slowly pulled the tight top over my head, revealing my firm breasts nestling in the black lace half cup bra. My erect nipples were visible to my soon to be lover as I unzipped my tight mini skirt, allowing it to slide down my thighs revealing my garters and stockings and as an added treat, my foregoing of panties revealed my smooth shaved mound to my dance partner. I swayed my hips slightly as my shaved slit became visible. With one little shimmy, the skirt slid down my thighs and gathered at my high heeled feet. I stepped out of the skirt and approached my lover wearing only my sexy lingerie.
His hands went around my small waist as he pulled me towards him. His zip was undone and his huge erect cock was protruding from his zipper, pushing into my smooth slit. I unbuckled his belt as his trousers gathered at his feet. I began to unbutton his crisp white shirt, revealing his toned pectorals and six pack abdominals. His skin was smooth and waxed with a tanned copper tone.
This was the first smooth cock I'd ever seen and holding the soft warm smooth flesh was incredibly arousing. His large full balls were just as smooth as I knelt before him to feel and see this work of art. His cock was easily eight inches of silky smooth rock hard flesh, as I wrapped my small right hand around the shaft. Holding his cock I looked up to his eyes and slid his length onto my lips, then slowly fed his cock into my mouth. As the first cock since my husbands, slid to the back of my mouth, a pang of guilt spread over me. This pang of guilt strangely aroused me, making me feel like a total slut, as I sucked the cock of a total stranger.
"That's it slut! Suck my cock like the cheating slut you are!" He whispered, reading the situation perfectly, arousing me with his dirty talk as I rolled my tongue around his huge throbbing glans.
I moaned with desire sucking the huge cock and listening to the deliciously sexy words as I pleasured his cock. I cupped his balls with my left hand, delicately grazing my long french manicured nails across his scrotum as my tongue and lips delighted his throbbing cock. My pussy was tingling with burning desire, desperate to be filled and stretched, which is exactly what this big cock would be doing to me. My lovers sexual senses were perfection personified as he lifted me on to the bed, with my knees spread and my back to him. He knelt behind me and turned my head toward him. He kissed me softly on my open mouth as our tongues entwined. His left hand slid onto my exposed breasts and began to tweak my erect nipple delightfully. His right hand slid down my stomach, across my smooth mound and slid between hot labia. His finger eased into my tight pussy and something penetrated me other than my husband for the first time in years. This was so exciting allowing a man to finger me, that I could feel the beginnings of a very powerful orgasm. His left hand slid round my back and he gently eased my head toward the mattress. My back was arched and my ass sticking up. My knees were parted and my lover would now be viewing my shaved slit and tight puckered asshole. I'd never shown this much to my husband and my state of arousal increased. I felt such a slut and thrilled by my sexuality.
I turned my head toward my lover and smiled as he slid his finger inside my tight pussy. His finger pressed down on the front wall of my pussy and began to move at rapid speed. This was a sensation I'd never experienced, unaware of the existence of my Gspot, my lover introduced me to it with dramatic consequences. His finger was pushing on the spongy flesh with dramatic speed, causing me to pant ferociously. My orgasm didn't well up, it sorted of burst out of me like and oil well exploding. This was my first gushing orgasm as female ejaculate thrust from my pussy. The squelching sound was definitely erotic as I pushed my pussy on to the probing finger.
My lover removed his finger and effortlessly slid all eight inches inside my tight quim. The feeling of fullness and the stretching of my pussy was sensational. I orgasmed immediately on penetration panting furiously as I experienced sexual activities I never knew existed.
My mind swirled with sexual thoughts as his cock basically plotted into me. I wanted to experience sex like this more often. I wanted to experience different cocks and I wanted to be a hot slut wife. After tonight my husband and I will be experiencing a very different sex life. I felt no shame, kneeling with my legs wide apart as a total stranger drove his huge cock deep inside my pussy. I felt like an unfaithful slut, but somehow I felt empowered that this is what I should be.
I heard my voice reverberating in the bedroom.
"Fuck me baby. Make me come like my husband never could!" I was snarling through gritted teeth.
My lover slowed his fucking right down to almost a standstill. His cock was throbbing and twitching inside me. He ran his finger up my drenched pussylips and smeared the cum on my puckered asshole. He spat on to my asshole to mix in with my pussy juice. This made my body shiver with pure lust as he eased his finger in to my tight clinging sphincter. The feeling was a mixture of short sharp pain and overwhelming desire.
"I'm going to slip my cock into your tight slut ass, wether you want it or not!" He stated very alpha male.
"Oh please fuck my ass. Make me your slut!" I breathed, unaware of where the words came from but so pleased that they did. I was about to let a cock go where my husband has begged to go, but always met with refusal. I was about to become the ultimate cheating slut and let a man fuck my ass. My husband would be exploding at the thought of his loving wife letting a total stranger push his hard cock deep inside her virgin ass. This really felt naughty and wicked!
I felt the large domed head push its way past my sphincter as his cock began to slowly slide inside my tight asshole.
"Oh fuck yeah!" I heard myself breath as the cock eased inside my anal cavity.
As the final inch eased inside me, I felt his heavy balls rest against my smooth slit. My ass was full of cock and it felt spectacular.
He placed his hands on my firm large breasts and lifted me up toward him. I was sitting on his cock as he squeezed my breasts with incredible force. His mouth was on my neck as he began to chew and lick the aroused flesh. The intensity was enormous and he would definitely be leaving a hickey. His left hand squeezed my breast as his right hand slid down my stomach, heading toward my slit. His fingers spread out across my pussy as his index finger stroked my massively aroused clitoris. I began to ride the cock in my ass like some porno slut, moaning with all of the pleasure he was providing me. I caught my reflection in a mirror opposite. My huge breasts were heaving lustfully. My cinched waist was rolling back and forth as my stockings and garters clad body rode the cock embedded in my ass. My eyes rolled as a shattering orgasm swept over me. I stared lustfully at the mirror, watching my new slut sexuality unfurl, when I was sure I saw a shadow behind the mirror.