Please note: *Everyone in this story is over the age of 18*
*****
I've seen you looking at me, Yes, You. Don't think I haven't noticed you staring at me when my parents invited your family over for dinner because you're new to the neighborhood and wanted to make connections with my family.
I knew this because you wanted to see me. You did everything you could in your power to get me alone for just one second, just to stare at me. I know that you have a voyeuristic side to you, which I find alluring.
It's almost forbidden and illusory since you are married. Your wife is beautiful, but somehow you're tired of her and a part of you wishes to get divorced but you're staying with her "for the kids sake" until they are out of the house, and in college. This summer will be one in which the two of us will never forget.
It's Fourth of July weekend, and you decided that you and your family needed a nice getaway from all the hectic and craziness at home so you decided to rent a property for the entire summer so that the kids can be occupied, and your wife can be at ease with whatever she desired.
Shortly after, you and your family arrive my parent's come out to greet your family and you all get acquainted with one another. But I see that your eyes are fixated on mine, the entire time my Father is speaking to you and your wife, inviting you in for drinks and some good conversation.
You accept the invitation, and I can see that you are thrilled because it meant that you would be staring at me with those beautiful green eyes of yours, the entire night.
You surely do not give a damn that your wife will be just inches away from you while you're doing it because you don't give a shit. All you want to do is undress me with your eyes, and fuck me senseless into the next day.
Such a naughty older man, its so shameful of you to have such taboo thoughts about me like that.
But would you like to know a secret? I have been thinking naughty thoughts about you as well.
Naughty thoughts in which have me masturbating at night to the thought of fucking your throbbing older married cock. It has been almost too long since you could remember actually fucking your wife good and rough.
One in which you leave your marks on her, indicating her that she is YOUR property. Now, you and I seem to have come to terms with the fact that you are indeed lacking that in your waking life. So why don't you just step out of your fantasy, and come take a joy ride with me.
I am going to turn your fantasy, in a reality. It seems as though you have a dominant side to you. One in which is quite dark and almost hidden from others. You like to be in control of your submissive and I think you may have found your next willing candidate.
Did you know, that I too happen to be a submissive? I love being dominated in the bedroom, and from that brooding and hungry look in your eyes, you know exactly that I will ready to serve you whenever and wherever you desire. There is a fine line between pleasure and pain, but I think you already know that.
It obviously is not the first time, that you have cheated on your wife with hot young women like me and you seem to know exactly how to inflict the right amount of pleasurable pain.
The next morning arrives, and your wife and kids decide to go into town for a few hours. My parents decided to join them, so both of us seem to have a decent window of time to have fun.
The weather is beautiful, 65 and slightly warm but not humid. I decided to sunbathe completely naked out by the docks in the distance, only a few steps away from your new residence. It was quite early in the morning, around 9 am so I had to take advantage.
You were just waking up, extremely erect from our heated conversation last night at dinner, and the fact that both of us were practically ravaging each other with our eyes.
I notice that your bedroom window is open and that you have decided to spy on me. Noticing that you are a voyeur, its turning me on even more that I have decided to put on a show just for you and you get to have a front-row seat.
One slight buzz kill is, that you are only allowed to look and resist touching my beautiful toned and tight body. It is so arousing to know that you like to watch and I am assuming that you enjoy being watched as well, no? You quickly reciprocate, as I tell you to follow my lead this time by signaling you to get naked, grab your lounge chair and join me near the docks.
You usually are the one, who is dominant but for right now you let this slide and you follow my lead down to the docks, completely naked with the lounge chair at your side. Reaching the grassy area surrounding the docks, you place down your lounge chair down and sit on it all while you are keeping your eyes locked onto my tight, hot body.
You're watching my every move, making sure you do not miss a moment of it. Shortly afterward, you put on your sunglasses and I do the same making sure no one in the neighborhood can truly recognize us.
I then begin to place the towel down near the water and lay down on it. I have my tanning oil and sunscreen with me, and I slowly begin to squirt both of them onto my tight, hot body.
Ever so slowly, teasing the shit out of you and driving you wild as I am doing this. You cannot help but stare at me, and I begin to notice that your jaw drops even more as I am rubbing the oil onto my lusciously perky, 38D breasts.
You begin to gaze at me, even more intensely and I can feel your eyes locked on my body and all aspects of me. You then start to walk towards me I can hear your agile footsteps approaching me closer and closer with each step.
I feel my heart beating faster now and I bet yours is the same way. Suddenly, your tall shadow is encompassing me as a whole and hovering over my body looking down into my soul. I wonder to myself, if you have always been a voyeur or if this recently came about?
My pussy starts getting dripping wet, just thinking about all the hot and naughty things that you would do to me right here, in the middle of broad daylight in front of the neighbors. I begin to see your cock growing right in front of my eyes.
I have turned around now and I am facing right at you. Oh my, what a huge cock you have! I gasp as I see the size of your impressive erection. It appears to be about 8 and half inches, thick and veiny. I notice that you shaved your balls and around your cock as well.
You have a devilish look in your eyes, I can tell behind the frames of your sunglasses that your inner animal wants to ravish and seduce me as a whole.
You then begin to develop a wicked grin on your face, and you crouch down just inches away from my face and start to kiss me passionately and so deep, our tongues are intertwined with one another. Your hand grasps my long brown hair, hard as you are kissing me deeply.
I notify you that there is not too much time, and that we have about an hour left before everyone gets home so you quickly throw me on the towel and violently thrust your cock deep into my mouth.
I cry out in pleasure and begin to suck on your thick veiny shaft nice and deep. I take you further and further down into my throat, as I am developing tears in my eyes I hear you groaning with excitement.
You then lay me on the towel and you start kissing down my body, all the way towards my sopping wet pussy. You're teasing me, and you secretly know that I love to be teased.
You then are hovering over my drenched pussy, and then you begin you dart your tongue rapidly in and out of my pussy. You part the lips, with your fingers, and tongue fuck me harder and faster each time.
I am rocking my hips forward in sync with your tongue thrusting inside of me. Then before I can say a word, I straddle you and place your throbbing cock inside of me. I let out a loud moan, and together we are groaning and moaning in pleasure.
I am so tight, that I was surprised that you managed to get your entire length inside of me. I gasp out in pleasure, as you're thrusting your married meat inside of my tight cunt. You're stretching me out, immensely that I begin to moan, "Fuck me, Fuck me harder."
You're groaning and grunting, as you're pounding my sopping wet cunt faster and faster as I feel my second orgasm beginning to stir up inside of me.
I dig my nails into your back, as my legs are wrapped around you and continuously keep fucking me senseless. It's carnal, animalistic, raw, and sensual and we both have a ravenous look in our eyes, so filled with lust desire, and passion that you and I are finally getting what we both desired.
Our bodies are glistening and are covered in sweat and sex juices, as you begin to pick me up and begin to fuck me while you're standing up. I scream in pleasure, and I hear you grunting as your balls are slapping against my tight firm ass.
You bury your older married meat, inside of me and I am starting to reach my orgasm. I quickly spasm on your cock, and a few seconds later you shoot what feels like jets of hot, creamy seed deep inside of my cunt.
We both come down from our high, and you place back down onto the towel and kiss me passionately for a few minutes. A few moments later, we both run back to our houses and you tell me to get into my shower and I tell you the same.
The last thing I want is your wife to smell me on your body. Luckily, we have about 15 minutes before our families arrive. So I hurry up to my shower and leave the window open for you to catch a glimpse of my soaped up, glorious tight hot body from your porch.
You gaze at my soapy, dripping wet tight body in the shower for a few minutes. I put on yet another show for you. I love teasing you, this way. Knowing that now it's impossible for you touch me.
Our eyes are now locked, and you start developing a wicked grin on your face as I bite my lower lips, and pressed together my 38D breasts presenting them to you.
Showing you how delicious my soaped up breasts look like in the distance, I hear you whistling to me in the short distance from our houses and I give you a devious smirk back. I continue to shower and clean myself up, and I see you doing the same. Now look who's teasing me!
You squirt the body wash on your beautifully toned, muscular chest and body. I can feel myself getting dripping wet once again. I see your wicked gaze eyeing my body, as we are both becoming voyeurs now.
I bite my lip almost instinctively, and playfully knowing that this really and truly is going to be one hell of summer.