*All characters are fictional and over the age of 18.
The young brunette teacher stepped up and boarded the bus.
"One, two three..." she said, counting the students' heads poking above the seats. "...eight and nine. Okay, it looks like everyone is here. Are you guys ready for the waterpark?!" Ms. Centino excitedly called out.
"Hell yeah!" Danny, one of the more rambunctious students of her class, shouted from the back seats.
"Danny, watch your language! At least until we are off the school grounds." Ms. Centino chided.
As the bus pulled out of the parking lot the students chatted lousily with excitement, cheering as they left the school grounds. Ms. Centeno searched through her things to make sure she had everything for the trip. Water bottles, sunglasses, beach towel, packed lunch... Where was her swimsuit? She frowned realizing she had forgotten it. "Did everyone remember your swimsuit?"
Maddie, a blonde girl sitting directly behind the teacher noticed her concern as she rummaged through her backpack. "I brought an extra one Ms. Centeno, you can use mine!"
"Thanks Maddie, you're a lifesaver!" Looking around the bus, the teacher flashed back to memories of school bus rides her senior year, almost ten years ago now. "Some crazy memories," she thought, remembering giving head to Jesse Walker in the back seat wearing her cheerleader uniform, and being fingered by one of the other girls in the squad. "I wonder if these kids are doing the same things I did."
After arriving at Willie's Wild Water Park, the girls and boys split up to go to their changing rooms. Ms. Centeno realized quickly that the bikini Maddie gave her was going to be a little small. Maybe more than a little small. It was an adorably cute string bikini, white with a green floral design, and probably looked fantastic on Maddie's petite frame, but covered up a lot less on Ms. Centeno's curvy figure. "Maddie really wears skimpy things," she said to herself. "And must be a B cup." The teacher tucked her C boobs into the top, struggling to keep her nipples covered. "It's a good thing I shaved this morning" she thought looking down at the bikini between her legs, barely covering the necessary areas. She turned to look at her ass in the mirror. Her butt crack stuck out at least an inch. "Here we go," she sighed.
Most of the class was waiting outside when the teacher emerged from the dressing room.
"Whoa, Ms. Centeno is looking hot!" Danny brazenly responded. Ms. Centeno caught Simon, the shyest boy in the class, dropping his jaw as he looked her up and down. She was starting to feel embarrassed, but loved the attention from these younger guys. Even though the bikini was clearly too small, it showed off her tight body, thanks to the hours she spent at the gym and doing yoga throughout the week.
"Let's get a pic with our hot teacher!" Maddie exclaimed, giggling with the other girls. The four bikini clad girls lined up with their teacher in the middle.
"This better not show up somewhere on Facebook!" Ms. Centeno said, nervously smiling for the photo.
Danny called out "Everyone say 'Wet boobies!" before clicking the camera. Without hesitation, the female students screamed "WET BOOBIES!" and everyone burst into laughter. Ms. Centeno laughed with them, but then jokingly glared at Danny.
"What?" he shrugged. "We aren't in the classroom anymore!"
"Let's hit some water slides!" Holly called out. She was the shortest girl in the class, but also the most fashion conscious, sporting Gucci sunglasses, matched with her strapless black bikini and silver belly button ring. She exuded sensuality, even as she bent over to pick up an inflatable tube. The inner tubes for the rides seated two and when held upright stood 6 feet tall. They looked like two donuts connected together with two holes on the middle to sit your bum in.
"Ms. Centeno, I need a partner for this ride," Derek said.
"As long as you don't tip us!" the teacher responded.
"Whaaat? I wouldn't dare," he mischievously smiled.
After waiting in a short line Ms. Centeno and Derek's were the last of the class to go down the water slide. They plopped down in the tube with Derek in the back seat, teacher in front. "Are you ready to get splashed, Derek?!"
"You're going to get wetter than me sitting up there!"
She squealed as they dropped into the slide, accelerating quickly. With each turn they slid up the wall of the slide, splashing water down over them, laughing the whole way. After a few bumps and sharp turns they dropped into a small pool at the end, but with such force Ms. Centeno went face down in the water with the tube flipping, and Derek launched over her. Ms. Centeno camp up from the shallow pool laughing hysterically, sputtering water and stumbling to get up. The whole class was waiting at the edge of the pool for them, laughing at their crash landing. She realized their reactions changed from laughter to cheers and whistles when they saw her get up. She looked down to see her boobs were completely hanging out of the tiny bikini top, with her now cold wet nipples pointing straight out at her audience.
"Oh my!" She quickly tried to tuck them back in, but now that the swimsuit was wet, it was almost impossible to keep her nipples from peeking out along the top edges.
"You give one wild ride, Ms. Centeno!" Derek joked.
"Oh shush!" Using the tube, she pushed Derek back into the pool and splashed at him.
After their first ride of the day the students were explosive with excitement and scattered to different ends of the waterpark for their next ride. Ms. Centeno noticed Simon, a timid boy in the class standing alone, appearing unsure of his next move.
"Simon, let's try a body slide!" she called over to him. He was almost startled by her.
"Um...okay," he replied, as deer in headlights. They made their way up the stairs with almost no one else in line, and as they approached the top she realized why. This body slide was short and straight, with two dips, but just afterwards dumped its victim nine feet above the water.
"Oh jeesh!" Ms. Centeno gauffed. "That looks scary. Do you want to go first?" She looked nervously at Simon, who she caught staring at her ass as he walked up the steps behind her.
"Sure Ms. Centeno." He looked more nervous about being caught checking her out. "This actually looks fun," he said, trying to turn her attention back to the slide.
"If you say so, you must be braver than me!"
Without another word Simon was gone, shooting down the slide and then disappeared off the drop. After almost a full second of silence, she heard the splash of his landing in the pool below.
"Ok... this must look worse than it really is..." she convinced herself, closing her eyes. She let go of the rail, felt herself being propelled downward over one hump, then another, and a moment of weightlessness before she opened her eyes, only to see the water of the pool smacking her in the face. Spiraling about in the deep pool for what seemed like eternity, the teacher finally made it to the surface disoriented and confused. "Simon?" she sputtered water and wiped her face, still only seeing blurred images. She felt his hand grasp her arm and yank her up out of the water. She fell onto him, still without a sense of balance. Simon caught her, but she felt like he was being careful about holding onto her, and she quickly realized why. Once again her undersized swimsuit had come off, but this time both the top and bottoms were gone from the tumbling fall. "Oh my god, where's my bikini?"
Simon, who was mesmerized like a kid on Christmas morning, used all his effort to move his eyes to the water in search of the lost bikini. "I see it!" he pointed to opposite sides of the pool.
The helpless naked teacher looked around. No one else was there to see what happened. She relaxed for a minute, spotting a nearby maintenance shed nearby to duck for cover. "Simon, can you get it for me?" she pleaded. "Bring it over there."
He came around the back of the shed covering his eyes, holding her swimsuit out in front of him. She couldn't help but smile. What a little gentleman? She found it cute, endearing, sexy even.
"Simon."
He stopped walking blindly, and partly opened one eye and it made her laugh.
"Come here you silly boy, it's okay. Haven't you seen a naked girl before?"
Simon blushed and looked towards the ground. "Um... of course... well not like, you know... in real life," he sheepishly said.
"It's okay, you can look at me," his teacher said. She was inches from him now, not attempting to cover herself up anymore.
He couldn't believe it. Ms. Centeno was right in front of him, completely naked. She was perfect. Her body was so sexy, with water still dripping down from her wet hair. She was even hotter than the women in the Playboy magazines he found in his dad's garage. They always looked soft, like their skin was painted, and they seemed to have the same curvy figures. But the woman before him was different. She was fit and her body had a tightness that reminded him of aerobics instructors.
"Thank you Simon," she retrieved the bikini from him, and paused. "So if you haven't seen a naked girl, you haven't touched one, have you?" she mischievously said.
Simon's mouth hung without a word. Ms. Centeno took his hand and brought it up to her breast. He cupped it and ran his finger over her nipple, and then did the same with both hands. Her nipples responded by hardening and poking outward almost instantly.
"They feel really nice Ms. Centeno," Simon said, barely above a whisper.
She closed her eyes and bit her lip, slipping away from reality. "Touch me, Simon." She breathed, "Touch me here." She took his hands and ran them slowly down her body, leading his right hand just below her naval and stopped. She opened her eyes with a look on her face the boy had never seen in a girl before. She spread her legs a few more inches apart and Simon felt a jolt through his body as his fingers touched her flawless exposed vagina. He rubbed her soft folds and realized that there was a wetness other than the pool water.
"Ohh..." Ms. Centeno moaned, closing her eyes again. "Put a finger in me."
Almost panicking with this task, his hands explored the foreign anatomy of the beauty before him.
"Here... right in here..." she pulled his finger underneath her, and he felt his middle finger disappear inside of her. "Yesss" she cooed, starting to rhythmically grind her crotch against his palm.
Simon was in disbelief. He was finger fucking the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. And it was his teacher, Ms. Centeno, who he had fantasized about all year long from the front row of the classroom. A good day was getting a glance down her shirt and spotting cleavage when she sat at her desk, or seeing the faint hint of a thong when her ass was tightly squeezed in a skirt. But this was beyond his wildest fantasies.
"You are so hot, Ms. Centino." Simon's voice was husky.
"You're going to make me cum Simon." She was grinding faster and breathing harder, running her left hand up her body and squeezing her breast. Her right hand then touched Simon's chest. "Oh fuck! Yes! Ohhh fuck, I'm coming so hard!" Right before her body jolted, her hand moved down the student's body and shoved it into his swim trunks. Simon stopped breathing as her hand grasped his hard cock. With one last buck, her entire body sighed and he felt her pussy release more wetness, running down his hand.
Ms. Centeno opened her eyes and relaxed her body. "God Simon, who knew you could do that?" she smiled. "And what do you have here?" Her hand was still holding his erect penis. The shy student was speechless as he watched his teacher kneel down and yank his shorts down. His cock sprang out an inch from her face, and she smiled playfully at him. Simon froze in disbelief as held his dick and licked the end of it. "This is from me isn't it?"
"Oh yes, Ms. Centeno. You are so hot! I can't believe this is happening..." the young student was practically trembling in terror and excitement.
"You are a sexy boy with a very sexy cock! Can I suck your cock Simon?" She looked straight into his eyes as she licked the tip of his dick again.
"Yeah, fuck yes!" his voice was husky now. He watched his teacher stick his penis in her mouth, and she then began sucking him off. She took it out for a second, licking his shaft and swirling her tongue around the end, stuffing it back in her mouth, this time deeper. In fact this time he took the whole length of his cock. Simon moaned realizing he was touching the back of her throat. "Oh god...I'm...I'm..." and before he couldn't say another word, he released his load into her mouth. Ms. Centeno's hand tightened its grasp on the base of his penis and she sucked harder until he was done climaxing. She took one last suck and pulled him out, with a slight giggle looking up at him and wiping a string of cum from her lips.
"You taste good," she licked her lips again. "Did you like that Simon?"
"Uh huh," he nodded, "I mean, yes, that was amazing Ms. Centeno!"
She stood up, and Simon was still starring at her perfect naked body.
"Can you help me put this back on?" she requested, handing him the swimsuit top strings. He then pulled them tight behind her. She raised her bikini bottoms, kissed him on the cheek and disappeared around the front of the maintenance shed.