Summer of 18, Pt. 02 - Copyright, 2007 - 2014, Trace Ekies. All rights reserved.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Author's notes:
I have submitted this in the 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur' category as that is its predominant theme. However this partincludes sexual situations,(but no physical contact),between a middle-aged father and his eighteen-year-old daughter.
'Summer of 18' is a rewrite of four stories I wrote nearly seven years ago. The separate stories in their original form have appeared on two other web sites.
Each of the four parts are being submitted to Literotica, approximately one week apart.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Kara debated with herself over what to wear for breakfast. Since school had ended, she didn't have a real reason to be fully dressed that early in the day. She didn't even need to get out of bed. However, it had been the established custom, even when she was not in school, that Kara and her father would have breakfast together before he left for the office. As a part of their morning get together, Kara in the past had always worn a robe or other suitable cover-up over her skimpier sleep clothes.
She had turned eighteen in her last year of high-school and as a graduation present, her father had taken her to France for a few days. While there Kara started going without a bra, left an extra button or two undone, and had even gone topless at the beach.
She was now anxious to continue her new found freedom, however, after being back for less than thirty-six hours, Kara had already come to the realization, primarily as the result of a conversation with her friend Julie, that her friends and neighbors were not likely to be as open-minded as had been the people of France. There was also the question of how much different her father's attitude might be at home, from what it had been on their trip.
Although she was now eighteen, Kara could not be insensitive to her father's feelings. After her mother had been killed in a car wreck five years earlier, Kara's father had assumed full responsibility for raising her. Although she realized as early as fifteen that she preferred skimpier attire, she had remained cautious about how she dressed, especially when around her father.
Kara did however, want to dress as she pleased around the house, but she understood that her father might have mixed emotions about seeing his daughter in a sexual light. It was also important to her that a normal father-daughter relationship should exist.
The sleep set Kara was wearing consisted of a frilly white shorty pajama top and matching panties. It wasn't transparent, but it was thin enough so as to make it obvious she wasn't wearing anything under it. It wasn't as revealing as some of the things she had worn in France, but then she wasn't in France anymore either. Although she was somewhat nervous about it, Kara decided to skip the robe and wear only the sleep set to breakfast.
When John Radcliffe came into the kitchen he was initially startled by his daughter's unprecedented dress. He inhaled a quick gulp of air and looked closely at her silhouette in the flimsy material. He eventually quipped, "This means, I guess, that I don't have to look at that sexless robe anymore."
"Then its okay... the way I'm dressed, I mean."
"If you don't mind me staring."
"Oh Daddy, I love you so much."
"And I love you too, sweetheart." Mr. Radcliff looked appreciatively at his grownup daughter. "Just remind me once in a while," he said, "That you are still my daughter." Kara blushed but nodded her understanding.
After her father left, Kara fixed herself a second cup of coffee and took it out to the backyard where she sat at a table near the pool. Kara was wearing the sleep set she had worn at breakfast and although it was not something she would normally wear outside, even in her own backyard, the skimpy attire seemed appropriate for the Texas sun. Besides, there was only minimal risk of being seen.
The single threat to her privacy was a window in the second story of the house next door. It was the bedroom window of Kara's long-time friend Tommy, who should be downstairs at this time of morning. She thought however, that she detected movement at the upstairs window and wondered if he was watching her.
Tommy had become one of Kara's closest friends after the loss of her mother. A couple of years back she had even had a 'crush' on him. Recently however, in spite of being in the same graduating class, the two had not had much contact. In a way, Kara kind of hoped that Tommy was watching.
As it turned out, he was. After noticing movement in the yard next door, Tommy grabbed a pair of binoculars. What he saw caused a stirring in his shorts. The girl next door was splayed out in a deck chair, soaking up the morning sun while drinking her coffee. She looked to be dressed as if she had just gotten out of bed.
Kara had filled out some since the last time Tommy had spent any time with her, however he could see there was still not an ounce of flab on her. Her breasts were a bit larger than he had remembered but still not to the point where they were likely to sag. And the legs, 'Oh my God,' he thought. Kara's top was waist length and it looked as if the only other thing she was wearing was a pair of panties. Tommy rushed downstairs and into the backyard.
While sipping her coffee Kara watched Tommy from the corner of her eye as he entered the backyard and wandered over near the hedge separating their properties. The shrubs forming the hedge were relatively new and still quite thin, having replaced a rotten fence that had been taken down a year or so earlier. Kara, even with her head turned away, could see that Tommy was sneaking occasional glances in her direction. "Hey stranger," she called to him, "C'mon over if ya got time."
'Yes!' he thought, but wanted to make it appear as if the meeting was accidental. "I was just checking to see if the hedge needed trimming," he lied, then continued while working his way through one of the thinner spots, "I'm surprised you're up. Why so early?"
Kara tucked her bare legs under the table, shielding them and her panties from Tommy's immediate view. She was pretty sure however that it had been Tommy at the upper window, and that he was already well aware of how little she was wearing. She suspected, perhaps even hoped, that was the real reason Tommy had been 'inspecting the hedge'. "Sit," she commanded, "I got up to have breakfast with my father."
'Holy shit!' Tommy thought as he sat down, 'Kara has just had breakfast with her father? Dressed like that?' What little bit of clothing Kara was wearing was so thin, it was readily apparent that she was wearing nothing under it, except maybe a pair of panties. And judging from what Tommy had seen from his window, he was pretty sure there wasn't much to them either. As he took the seat on the opposite side of the table he remarked, "Haven't seen ya in while, you been gone?"
Kara found it intoxicating to be so bare, almost naked, while outside, talking to her neighbor. "We just got back from France. My father took me there as my graduation present."
Tommy was studying the girl across the table. He was still wondering if she really had been dressed like this while having breakfast with her father. It was a good thing the table was hiding the physical manifestation of his thoughts. He spoke while continuing his imaginations. "I knew you guys were gone last week but I had no idea. I mean France... cool."
The shoulder straps of Kara's sleep set had slipped from her shoulders when she first sat down. She had left them that way as she liked the feeling of having so much exposed, especially now that Tommy was so obviously enjoying the view. Kara leaned forward with her elbows on the table and let her top slip even lower. She asked, "Did you miss me?"
Tommy gasped. His mouth hung open. Kara's top had very nearly fallen off and now just barely covered her nipples. Focused on the sight of her nearly naked breasts, Tommy stammered, "Uh... It's kinda hard to miss someone you never see."
Kara knew that Tommy was seeing quite a lot of her right now but responded as if there was nothing out of the ordinary, "We used to see each other every day." She continued to lean forward.
Tommy was totally blown away by the view he was being offered, yet Kara didn't appear to be concerned in the slightest. "Yeah," he managed to eke out without looking up, "But I guess we kinda went our separate ways during the last coupla years."
Kara removed her elbows from the table and put her hands on the arm of the chair, as if to get up. Continuing to afford Tommy a nearly unobstructed view down her top, Kara acknowledged, "You're right ya know, it has been that long. I got so busy with gymnastics, drama club, yearbook and a bunch of other stuff that I almost never got home."
"Uh... parties too," he added. Tommy was still staring and still having trouble with his speech.
Kara was well aware of the effect she was having but continued her charade. "Yeah, that too, but you weren't at any of them."
Tommy at long last raised his eyes and looked into Kara's. "No, my friends and I were probably studying, or fooling with computers, or -"
Kara stood up abruptly and took a couple of steps toward the house, then stopped. She had moved far enough so that Tommy now had an enticing view of what she had been hiding under the table. She turned slowly, giving him ample time to look her over. "I'm going to get myself another cup of coffee. Would you like one too?" Kara watched as Tommy's eyes moved slowly down and then up her bare legs, fixating on the spot between her legs.
Tommy imagined running his hands along Kara's smooth calves, up her muscular thighs and over her butt-cheeks. As he focused on the narrow strip of cloth between her legs he could see it was freshly damp. Tommy knew that Kara was as excited as he was.
They were both grown up now but it didn't look like the game had changed much. Kara's teasing now was certainly not of the innocent type it had been in years past, but it was still teasing and she was probably about to make some excuse for leaving him hanging, just like she had always done. It was time to turn the tables.
"Thanks, but I should be going. Stuff to do for Mother, ya know, but I could make it tomorrow morning... that is, if you want." Although he didn't really want or need to leave, he was going to make Kara wait, at least until tomorrow.
Kara was pretty sure Tommy didn't really have anything he needed to do. He was paying her back for ignoring him for so long. She knew that had been a mistake and knew now that she was going to have to make up for it. She knew also though, that it would be an even worse mistake to try and do it in one day. "Okay, tomorrow morning then," she reluctantly responded, "As soon as Daddy leaves."
As Tommy got up to go, it was Kara's turn to look. Tommy might be a geek, like her girl-friends had said, but he was also quite a hunk. Before he turned away, Kara noticed that Tommy not only had acquired a nice package, but from the look of it tenting out the front of his shorts, he still enjoyed being teased. She knew though that it couldn't be all teasing.
*****
The next morning, Kara appeared for breakfast wearing a loose fitting, tissue thin, blue print sleep shift, its wrinkled texture attesting to its intended use. It was cut low, extending upward to just below her armpits and only slightly above the swell of her breasts.
The shift could probably have been supported by Kara's breasts alone, but it was intended to be held in place by two wide shoulder straps, attached near the top of the shift with four large buttons, two each in the front and back.
The shift was also short, only an inch or so below her panties. When John Radcliffe entered the kitchen, Kara turned from the preparation counter where she had been standing and posed as if for a picture, her legs glamorously displayed.
"Those are as fine a legs as I have ever seen on any woman."
"Daaddy!I'm yourdaughter."
"Okay, but I'm not blind."
"You could pretend."
"But you were acting like you wanted me to look."
"Well, I'm sure I did, but I didn't know we'd have to talk about it."
"Okay, lets start again. What's for breakfast?"
"That's better, sit down and you'll find out."
Kara carried the pancakes and sausage to the table, than sat down across from her father. The conversation initially was about what Kara had prepared for breakfast, eventually gravitating to a discussion of who he was meeting that day at work. As they ate however, Mr. Radcliffe could not ignore the tantalizing movement of Kara's breasts beneath the thin material of her shift.
"You don't wear a bra to bed, do you?"
"Nooo," she drew it out, "But do we have to discuss it?"
"Its kinda hard not to notice your uh... "
"Tits, Daddy. Its okay, you can say tits."
"Well whatever... jiggling around in front of me."
"Oh, Christ, so we're back to talking about my body again."
"Well it's hard to think about much else. After all, that's not exactly a nun costume."
"Daddy, I like that you're noticing my body, but can't you at leastpretendto be interested in something else."
"Okay, sorry, tell me what you did yesterday."
"Tommy came over when I was sitting on the deck. We talked for a while."
"Afternoon?"
"Just after you left. I was finishing my coffee."
Mr. Radcliffe hesitated, remembering quite vividly what Kara had been wearing when he left the previous morning. "Please tell me you did put a robe or something on before -"
"No, Daddy, I didn't, but I can explain."
"I think, I'd rather you didn't. Tommy must have -"
"What? Must have what. You do approve of him don't you."
"Well yeah, I think so, but didn't you tell me a couple of years ago you didn't like him anymore."
"I think I changed my mind."
"I would hope so! With what you were wearing yesterday, you better like him a lot."
"Daddy, it isn't like you're thinking. But he is coming over again today... after you leave."
"Coffee again? Like you are?"
"Yeah well... that is sorta what I had in mind."
Mr. Radcliffe looked away, seemingly deep in thought. "On the deck?" he asked.
"Uh huh. What are you thinking, Daddy."
"I'm thinking, I wish I had a girl like you next door when I was growing up."
"You don't think I'm being too bad, then?"
"Not if you stay outside on the deck. You should be okay, but watch yourself... and him too."
"I will Daddy and thanks. I knew you'd understand."
John Radcliffe got up from the table, kissed his surprisingly mature daughter on the forehead and left for work.
After her father left, Kara began thinking about her meeting with Tommy. Having been practically naked with him yesterday had been a real turn on, almost as much as having that stranger fondling her breasts on the beach in France. She'd gotten wet with Tommy staring at her almost bare tits, imagining his hands, maybe even his mouth, sliding over them and toying with her nipples.
With what she had been wearing yesterday, she couldn't have gone without panties, but today, with the shift covering all but her legs, it might be fun. Kara got all tingly thinking about having coffee with Tommy while being totally bare under the shift.
Kara had slept in her panties and left them on when she came to breakfast. She hadn't initially planned to go quite so far, at least not today, but the excitement she felt at the thought it so overcame her. She slid the panties off and dropped them on the table.
Kara looked out the window. Tommy was already seated at the outdoor table, his back to the house. Kara poured two cups of fresh coffee and put them on the table, next to the panties. Then, before opening the door, she slipped the shift's shoulder straps down on her arms. "Can I join you," she needlessly asked as she stepped out.
Tommy turned at the sound of Kara's voice. She was even more beautiful than he had imagined. "I was hoping you might. At least that was the plan," he answered.
Kara pulled a chair from the table, not the one across from Tommy, but the one closest to him. "Really? I got the impression yesterday that I was boring you."
'Yeah sure,' Tommy thought, 'And from the looks of things, it might get even more interesting today.' He continued the game, "Yeah, well, I had other things on my mind."
Kara moved the chair back from the table and faced it toward the sun, which was behind Tommy. "I poured it but then forgot it. Will you go in and get the coffee please. It's on the kitchen table."
Tommy noted with delight that every movement Kara made as she wrestled the chair into position, caused the top of the shift to inch lower. "Sure, get yourself fixed. I'll be right back."
Tommy stepped into the kitchen and went straight to the table. He reached for the steaming cups of coffee, but hesitated when he saw the panties. He picked them up and found them still warm. Kara had just taken them off.
'Oh my God,' he thought, 'There isn't anything under that flimsy shift she's wearing.' He held the panties to his nose and inhaled the aroma, then dropped them back on the table, snatched the cups of coffee and made his way carefully to the door.
Kara hadn't been overly concerned about her top slipping, but she had worried that a gust of wind might lift the hem of the shift before she got seated. She knew that Tommy would find the panties next to the coffee and know she was bare under the shift, but she wasn't planning to flash him. For today at least, it would be exciting enough for both of them to just know she wasn't wearing anything under the shift.
Kara had just gotten seated when Tommy kicked open the back door and came out juggling the cups of coffee. As his eyes darted from one cup to the other, Kara positioned herself in the chair facing where he would sit.
Tommy put the cups on the table and looked at Kara as he sat down. He felt a stirring in his pants as he thought about how bare she was under the shift, even more so because she obviously wanted him to know. His eyes went to the flimsy piece of fabric that barely covered Kara's pussy. Without looking away he asked, "Did you have breakfast with your father again?"
Kara's legs were spread, ostensibly to get some sun on her inner thighs, but actually to come as close to exposing herself as possible without really doing it. She knew where Tommy was looking and it added to her excitement. "Yes," she confirmed, "He likes to see me for a few minutes before he leaves."
'I'll bet he does,' thought Tommy, and guessed that Kara had been similarly dressed at breakfast, except for the panties of course. He continued to stare between her legs. "Did he know we were going to have coffee together."
Kara knew it had been smart to pull the shift a little lower on her breasts, providing extra material to keep covered what Tommy probably thought of as her 'pussy'. "Of course," she replied, "We even talked about it."
Tommy's eyes drifted upward until they were fixed on her breasts. There was not as much showing as there had been yesterday, but the sight was still pretty spectacular. "Yesterday too?" he asked while staring at her chest.
Basking in Tommy's adulation, Kara was as sexually excited as she had ever been. She felt as if she was about to burst. Amidst her deepening breaths she managed to reply, "Uh huh... and before you ask... yes... he knows I'm still in my night clothes."
Tommy's eyes jerked upward to meet Kara's. 'Whoa,' he thought. "And your father doesn't care?" he asked incredulously.
"No. He's not like your mother."
"What about my mother?"
"You've forgotten about the time she caught us?"
"When we were playing in your pool ya mean."
"Uh huh. Do you remember how old we were then?"
"Thirteen, I think. It was your first summer here. I remember thinking how cute you were."
"Cute? I had to have been pretty skinny." Kara turned up her nose. "Probably had acne too."
"Well, you didn't have curves like you do now," Tommy said, his eyes roaming over Kara's barely covered body, pausing at the spot between her bare thighs, "But you were still cute."
Kara had seen the look and was enjoying it. She blushed however at the word 'cute'. "And just what about me did you think was cute."
"Do I have to say?"
Kara smiled. "I'd like you to."
"Well, your butt was kinda cute, especially the way you kept sticking it in my face."
Kara turned red. "I did that! Oh my God.What else?"
"Uh well, your whatever you callems. They were kinda cute too."
Kara looked down at her breasts. "Really? They must have been awfully small back then."
"Uh... well... I liked 'em."
Kara leaned forward. The shift dropped away, nearly baring her entire chest. "I was hoping you still might," she said with a grin.
Tommy looked down the top of the shift. Today he could even see the nipples. He gave an embarrassed look at the bulge in his pants. "I thought that was obvious."
Kara looked devilishly at the tent in Tommy's pants, her gaze lingering too long for Tommy's comfort. He tried to divert her attention. "Yeah, We did have some fun." He looked back at the sight being offered him.
Kara smiled inwardly at the thought of what Tommy was seeing. "Do you remember helping me out of the pool, just before your mother got there."
Tommy looked up. "Yeah, but what about it?"
The edges of Kara's lips turned upward and her eyes got bigger. "You told me my butt was cute. Now tell me you didn't notice it rubbing against you."
"Well, sure I did, but that was an accident... Wasn't it?"
"Not an accident, Mr. Class Valedictorian," Kara announced.
Tommy jerked a look at his watch. "Oh my God, I almost forgot -"
"What? Forgot what?"
"I'm supposed to take Mother to Gram's."
'This isn't happening again,' Kara thought. "Now?" she asked, her face registering disbelief. "You're coming back though, right?"
"Not 'til tonight, but I can see you in the morning again, if that's okay."
Kara was thinking she must have the plague or something, the way Tommy had run off two days in a row. "Yeah, I guess so," she said with resignation. "I'll still be here, I expect."
Kara was seriously disappointed. Attempting to make the best of it though, she decided she would work on her tan. Other than Tommy's window next door, and of course their own windows, the Radcliffe's backyard was relatively private. But with no one other than Kara home at either house, she would be able to lay out at the pool, topless.
As Tommy made his way through the hedge, Kara returned to the house. On her way through the kitchen she picked up the panties she had left for Tommy to find. Dreaming about what might have been, she took a brief nap, allowing the sun to climb a little higher. On awakening, Kara put on one of her many bikinis and made her way to the pool.
Kara rinsed off with a quick dip in the pool, then parked herself on a nearby recliner. The bikini Kara was wearing had been bought when she was a size or two smaller. The top did little now to cover her ample breasts, exposing a goodly amount of skin between, as well as on the sides and undersides. It would be considered indecent if she were now to wear this undersized bikini in public, but in the privacy of her backyard it didn't matter.
Kara spread sun-tan oil on the exposed portions of her body and under the edges of her bikini. She thought she saw movement at Tommy's window, but Tommy was gone with his mother to his grandmother's house and Mr. Taylor was at work. It had to be her imagination.
Kara loosened the ties on her top, removed it and spread a thin layer of oil over her breasts. She lowered the back of the recliner and closed her eyes, imagining herself again on the beach in France, basking in the attention her uncovered breasts had attracted. She rested a hand on the warm spot between her legs and caressed it lightly with her fingertips.
Kara was jarred from her day-dream by the sound of the back-door at Tommy's house. Fearing it might be his mother coming to lecture her again on how 'proper' girls should behave, she hastily put her bikini top back on. Listening intently for further clues, she was surprised and relieved to hear Tommy's voice from near the hedge. "Can I join you?" he asked.
It had been Tommy that Kara had seen at the window. He must have been watching her, probably with binoculars. Now he was on his way over, expecting to find her topless. Unfortunately for him, maybe for her too, she had already put her top back on. "Sure, pull up a chair," she offered.
Tommy plopped down on a nearby lounger but instead of turning it to face the sun, like Kara had done, he left it facing her. The two studied each other for several minutes without saying anything. Kara, who had been staring unabashedly at the bulge in the front of Tommy's swim trunks, finally broke the silence. "I do have bikinis that fit, you know, but I didn't expect you to be back this afternoon."
Tommy saw where Kara was looking and drew his knees up, attempting to disguise his growing predicament. He then acted as if it was her problem, not his. "Don't apologize. I like it."
Kara craned her neck to look past Tommy's raised knees. She made it quite obvious what she was looking at and Tommy's face turned a shade of crimson. He stammered, "Uh... Maybe I shouldn't be here."
"Oh no, I'm glad you're here, but I thought you were going to your grandmother's. What happened?"
"I told Mother I felt sick so I could come home."
Kara watched Tommy closely as they talked. Over the last couple of days she had come to realize that she had dismissed him much too quickly a couple of years before. He certainly wasn't the gangling geek her girlfriends had thought him to be. She even thought his 'package' would be worth suffering whatever faults he might have. "Well you're obviously not sick and I like talking with you about the fun we used to have. So stay. Please."
Tommy didn't need much persuading. He had claimed sick primarily because of Kara. Not only had he missed spending time with her the last two years, but the last couple of days had convinced him that she was probably the hottest girl ever. Whatever, he wasn't about to get shut out like he had the last two years.
Tommy and Kara talked easily about the many things they had done when they were younger and avoided mention of the times their games had become sexual.
Changing the topic of conversation caused an improvement in Tommy's condition and he eventually lowered his knees. Kara however, wasn't as pleased. It had been fun for her to see the effect she was having on Tommy, without the guilt she felt when teasing her father.
"You're mother's gone for the rest of the day then?"
"Yeah, Dad's picking her up when he gets off work."
Kara stretched her arms over her shoulders and loosened the bikini string tied behind her neck. Conversationally, she pursued her questioning, "They won't be home until..."
Tommy stared as Kara brought the ends of the strings around to the front and released them, exposing even more of her breasts. "Uh... six-thirty or seven I would guess."
Kara reached behind her and untied the final string holding the top in place. "Daddy will be home before then, but you don't have to rush off, do you?" Kara dropped her hands in her lap, allowing the top to fall and exposing her breasts fully.
Tommy caught his breath at the sight. "Uh uh... no, I don't have to go." He hastily pulled his knees up, attempting to conceal the rapidly growing tent in his trunks.
"You don't have to hide it," Kara pointedly said. "In fact, I rather like that my breasts excite you. Make yourself useful, dummy." Kara threw the bottle of tanning oil to him.
"Uh... you want me to put this on you?"
"You don't want to?"
"Well yeah but uh... where?"
"Not my face and neck. You did see me do them didn't you."
"Uh, yeah... I did, uh huh."
"You sure you're up for this?"
"Well yeah, but like of course. For sure. I'm just surprised is all. I didn't think uh... at least not today... anyhow."
Kara looked sympathetically at Tommy as he choked on the meaning of what was taking place. "You know, you really are a geek, but I think you'll be worth the trouble." Kara steadied Tommy's hands as he nervously removed the cap from the lotion. "Quick, please, before it clouds over."
Kara lay back and put her hands over her head. If her breasts had been smaller they might have melted into her rib cage, but being of sufficient size they rose proudly in support of her rigid nipples. Tommy gazed longingly. He had often dreamed about Kara's breasts but he had not anticipated an opportunity such as this.
Like dessert, Tommy saved the best for last and began applying oil to Kara's feet and legs. His hands remained cautiously below her knees, but he was scarcely able to contain the excitement he felt over the close-up view of the insides of her thighs and barely concealed mound.
Continuing to deny himself the ultimate expected pleasures, Tommy moved to Kara's stomach. Still cautious, his hands barely brushed the edge of her bikini, and not until after he had applied oil to every inch of Kara's stomach, did he finally allow himself the thrill of venturing up the lower slopes of her breasts.
Kara was not immune to the goings on either. This was already way more exciting than with the stranger in France. Neither her father nor anyone else, other than Tommy, was present. She didn't need to hide her emotions. She could just let whatever was going to happen, happen.
Tommy's pulse rose and his breaths came quicker. He moved back slightly to keep his growing erection from poking Kara in the side. When Tommy's fingers grazed her nipples, Kara sighed and locked her hands behind Tommy's head, drawing his lips to hers. Their mouths opened and their tongues became entwined.
Although Tommy was anxious to continue the kiss, he relented as Kara pushed his lips toward her breasts. Although there was a slightly oily taste from the lotion he had just spread there, Tommy savored each of her delightful breasts. Kara's nipples grew and became firm as Tommy's tongue flicked across them.
Kara untied the strings at either side of her bikini bottom and raised herself slightly, pulling it from under her. Dropping the last of her bikini on the pool deck, she reached for Tommy's midsection and clutched desperately at the tent in his trunks.
Tommy was short on experience, but he allowed instinct to guide him. He tugged his trunks over his hips and dropped them at his feet. As his cock sprang loose, Kara clamped her hand around it and with her other hand on his backside, pulled him down on top of her. Kara spread her legs and with her hand still between them, guided Tommy's cock into her pussy.
Kara had experienced sex before, but only once, after the Senior Prom in the back seat of a car. This was much better. Not only was it outside and daylight, but she knew that Tommy really wanted her, probably more than anything else in the world. Most importantly though, she also wanted him.
As Tommy's lips pressed into Kara's, she opened her mouth and sucked his tongue deeply into hers. The slight pain he experienced was mitigated by likening the overall sensation to what it might be like if Kara's head were between his legs or alternatively, his between hers. It was nothing like he had ever felt before.
As Kara relished the feel of Tommy's cock, repeatedly penetrating her innermost depths, she expanded her excitement by imagining what her mouth might do to Tommy, and what she hoped his mouth would do to her.
Greedily wanting every possible sensation, Kara took Tommy's hands and placed them on her breasts. She coaxed him into grasping them firmly while at the same time lightly brushing the tips of her nipples.
Neither would have been able to prolong their love-making much past initial touches had they not each masturbated to orgasm only an hour or two before. In spite of this, each soon reached the point where they felt their head would explode.
Kara's knees edged upward, ever closer to her chest. She grasped Tommy's butt in her hands, holding him in tightly as she began to tremble. Her eyes closed tightly. She took several quick short gasps, then let the air out of her lungs with a cry of ecstasy.
Tommy, his urgency heightened by Kara's display of excitement, arched his back and grunted as he shot his sperm into her. The two clung tightly to each other as the waves of pleasure rippled through them.
They were silent for several minutes. Then Kara spoke, "How 'bout we take a quick dip, then have something to eat."
"Mother's not home to interrupt, we could -"
"Go skinny-dipping? That's what I had in mind, dummy."
"Oh yeah... uh fine... lets do it then."
Kara jumped up and dove head-long into the pool. She swam a way underwater before surfacing. "Whatcha waiting for," she yelled.
Tommy walked along the pool deck to where Kara stood in waist-deep water. He cannon-balled in, practically on top of her.
"Hey, watch it!" Kara chided as Tommy surfaced and grabbed her from behind.
Tommy cupped his hands over Kara's breasts and pressed his growing erection against Kara's backside. "Just wanted you to know I was learning."
"So I notice, but if we start fooling around again, we'll never get any lunch."
"Not sure that would be all bad, but I think I can wait 'til after lunch."
"Whoa... you're pretty frisky for a guy who used to keep turning me down."
"Uh yeah... well, I guess I didn't understand."
"Oh, is that ever an understatement."
"Jeez, I guess I reallydidn'tunderstand."
"Boy, I'll say! Let's get some lunch."
Kara scrambled away and climbed out of the pool. Tommy followed quickly. They dried each other with Kara's towel and hastily redressed in their swim attire. Kara's too small bikini was still causing Tommy some unusual feelings, but both now thought that was okay.
In the kitchen Kara motioned Tommy to a chair, "You sit. I'll fix some lunch."
Kara busied herself scurrying from the refrigerator to the counter and then to the stove. Tommy watched, hypnotized by the too small bikini she wore. The top exposed most of her breasts and the crack in her butt showed well above the bottoms.
Kara put sandwiches and cokes on the table, then sat down, across from Tommy. As they ate his gaze remained fixed on her nearly exposed breasts. Kara could see that Tommy was staring, actually in a sort of daze. "What... " she said, "Earth to Tommy..."
"Uh, sorry... I was just thinking about something."
"I know its small... but I told you it is old... I've had it since I was a lot smaller."
"Two whole summers, almost three years lost. Its hard to believe I was so stupid."
"But you're not going to be anymore, right?" Kara untied her top and threw it on the floor.
"Uh... what if your father comes home."
"He's working."
"Yeah, but what if hedoescome home."
"He's seen me like this."
"Really?"
"Sure, on the beach in France. I went topless."
"In front of your father?"
"Uh huh. He pretended not to look at first but finally admitted he liked 'em though... my tits I mean."
"Well, yeah, I would think so... But I don't think he'd wantmeseeing them."
"You might be surprised."
"Huh? How so?"
"Well he kinda figures I'm in heat, and he is a man, but he still wants me to be his daughter. I think he might like knowing -"
"Knowing what? You're not going to tell him are you?"
"Hey, he's not stupid. He knows I met you yesterday and he knew I was meeting you todayandhe knew how I was dressed. Well, not about the panties but it doesn't take a rocket scientist to know what I had in mind."
"You mean -"
"Yeah, but you wanted it too didn't you?"
"Well, yeah but I thought you were just teasing."
"I'm not fifteen anymore."
"I've noticed," Tommy said as he finished his sandwich, his gaze still fixed on Kara's bare chest.
Kara stood up from the table and took Tommy's hand. "You're right, we lost almost three years. I hope you're not planning on losing any more."
"No," Tommy replied as he got up and followed Kara into the bedroom.
*****
That night, when Kara and her father were having dinner, he asked, "Well, did you see Tommy this morning?"
"Uh huh."
"Are you going to tell me about it?"
Kara had never talked to her father about being with boys. "Nothing to tell."
"Well, if you met him wearing what you were wearing at breakfast, there ought to be something to tell."
"Daaddy! Pleeze."
"If you don't want to talk about it, you don't have to."
"I do, but just not yet."
"Well, whenever then."
For the rest of the evening they talked about other things. But when Kara went to bed, she was still wishing for some way to tell her father about Tommy. Like she had told Tommy that afternoon, her father would probably be happy she had a serious love interest.
*****
John Radcliffe usually woke his daughter in time for breakfast, but the next morning when Kara came awake by herself, it was well past the time her father would have gone to work. She and he had been up till late the previous night and she supposed he had gone off without waking her. Then she heard the sound of his electric pencil sharpener and realized he had stayed home and was already at work in his second floor office.
Kara still hadn't told her father about Tommy, but his being home gave her an idea for how she might do it. The desk in her father's office looked out over the pool and Tommy was coming for a swim later in the morning. Kara quickly took a shower and then dressed in a bikini bottom and one of her father's old dress shirts. Stopping in the kitchen she found a Danish and made herself a cup of coffee. She took both with her to the pool.
Kara acted as if she thought her father had gone to the office without waking her. Because of the bright sunlight she could not see into the office, but was still sure her father would be looking over the pool. It was his favorite way to work. She walked to the far side and sat in a recliner facing the house.
John Radcliffe looked up from his work and watched as his daughter sat down in the recliner. He guessed she did not know he was still at home as she had not said anything to him. He would join her later, but for now he had work he needed to be doing.
Kara finished her coffee and Danish and assumed her father had by now spotted her. With a little luck Tommy would be watching too. She slowly unbuttoned her shirt and took it off. She was not wearing the top to the bikini. Her breasts were bare. She shivered with excitement at the possibility that there were two pairs of eyes watching her.
Mr. Radcliffe looked up just as Kara removed the shirt. He was surprised she wasn't wearing a top. Sure, she probably thought he had gone to work, but there was still the house next door with at least one window overlooking the pool. His arousal grew as he watched his daughter. She was just like her mother had been at that age, didn't care who might be watching, probably even hoped that someone was.
Kara spread suntan lotion over her front side. As she did, she snuck a peak up at the light reflecting off her father's office window, and at the reflection from Tommy's bedroom. Kara's father would have a terrific view of her from his front row balcony seat, might even have his telescope out, and if Tommy was looking, he probably had binoculars.
John Radcliffe resolved that he wasn't going to close his eyes or run off like he had in France. He didn't know though that Kara knew he was watching. He propped his telescope up on the desk - not a real telescope, more like a spotting scope, kinda like binoculars, only more powerful. He put his eye to it and adjusted the focus. He told himself there was nothing wrong with watching a beautiful woman, even if she was his daughter.
When Kara got to her breasts, she spread the lotion on them like she had in France, except maybe even more sensuously, if that was possible. She was giving her father a good show, hopefully Tommy too. Good thing she was near the pool. She could feel herself getting wet from the excitement.
"Jesus Christ," Tommy said to himself aloud, "That issosexy. Shehasto know I'm watching. What I wouldn't give to have her as my wife."
Kara massaged the lotion into her breasts, then took her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers and tweaked them until they were hard. One hand snaked between her legs, her fingers lightly rubbing the front of her bikini, while the other dropped by her side. Her head was back and her eyes closed. She imagined the effect she was having on her two supposed observers.
Tommy put down the binoculars, yanked his trunks painfully over his erection and headed for the stairs. He wanted to see this first hand.
John Radcliffe set the telescope aside. Kara's show was causing him a serious problem. Pleasuring himself while thinking about his daughter was not something he was going to do, so he ignored his condition and focused instead on finishing his work.
Kara heard the door slam as Tommy exited the back of his house. She opened her eyes and put her sun-glasses on. Tommy arrived as expected and she motioned him to the chair beside her. Like he had the day before, he turned the chair so he was facing her, looking at her magnificent bare tits.
John Radcliffe didn't need his telescope to see that it was Tommy Taylor who sat down to talk with Kara. She showed no surprise at his arrival and made no attempt to cover herself. She had apparently been expecting him.
Tommy and Kara talked for several minutes about nothing in particular. Then Kara said, "You missed out on applying the suntan lotion. I did it before you got here."
"So I noticed."
"You were watching?"
"Uh huh. You don't mind do you?"
"I was hoping you might."
"What if it had been someone else?"
"On the beach in France there were lots of someone elses. I don't see why it would matter. Lets go swimming."
It was now clear to Mr. Radcliffe what Kara had been unable to tell him the previous night. The easy familiarity with which Kara and Tommy talked to each other while Kara remained topless, spoke volumes about what must have already taken place between them.
Tommy went down the steps at the shallow end of the pool with Kara following. In the knee-deep water they put their arms around each other and pressed their near-naked bodies together. "How about now," Tommy asked. "How about somebody watching now?"
"It might be okay. Would you care?"
"Depends on who."
"How about my father. What if he was watching?" Kara looked over Tommy's shoulder at her father's window.
Tommy shivered a little bit. "That would definitely make me nervous, but I guess the only thing he'd see is how much we love each other."
Kara was pretty sure her father was no longer watching. "Yeah, and he might even like to know that."
John Radcliffe closed the blinds, blocking his view of the pool. He was pleased that Kara had found a suitable outlet for her sexual energy. Still, he was disappointed to no longer be the most important man in her life.