I wrote a checklist in my mind as cool water streamed over my body. After this shower, I'll get dressed, vacuum, tidy everything up so it looks presentable, make sure I'm prepared to answer any questions...
When I was 22, I was in a difficult time in life. I got caught selling marijuana and got sentenced to 3 years. I earned my associate's degree in jail and ended up getting out in 2 years for good behavior. I'd been living in the free world on parole for the past 10 months.
Now, I had about an hour till my parole officer would show up for my monthly home visit. She was a real nice woman named Michelle. I'm honestly lucky because she might be the nicest person working in that parole office. She's always helpful and we get along good. I'm sure it helps that I'm well-behaved and I know how to turn on the charm, but she's just a real sweet individual. Good people, you know?
I was rubbing soap onto my chest when I heard a knock at my apartment door. I shut off the water and grabbed a towel. I started to dry my legs but there was another, louder knock. I wrapped the towel around my waist and went up to the door.
I looked through the peephole and saw Michelle's pretty face. She knocked again, real loud. If something's so important that she's got to knock so many times then she better be ready for me to answer the door in whatever state I happen to be in. I unlocked the door and opened it, in just my towel.
"Hey, Michelle. What are you doing here so early?" I said with a smile.
"Um, can you please explain to me, Scott, why you are not dressed?" she said, eyes wide with disbelief.
I responded sassily, "Um, can you explain to me, Michelle, why you're here an hour early?"
"I am not an hour early. I said I'd be here at eleven and what time is it?"
I looked at the clock in the kitchen. "It's ten!"
Michelle put her hand over her face in shame. "Scott, don't tell me you didn't set your clocks back. Daylights savings was, like, three days ago! Shame on you."
"Ohh... You're right, ma'am. My mistake."
"Close this door before I'mma have to arrest you for public indecency in this apartment complex," she said in a serious tone, but she was just playing. "And don't call me ma'am. Save that for old ladies."
"Come inside. You'll burn to a crisp in that sun."
Michelle walked in and I shut the door behind her.
"I didn't clean the place up yet because I thought I had another hour," I said.
"It's fine, don't worry. Lemme just take a quick peek around, okay?" Her eyes wandered to my chest. "Why you so soapy?"
"Well you barged in here before I could finish taking my shower! You kept knocking and knocking so did you expect me to not answer it?"
"Alright," she said, rolling her eyes. "Go on and finish your shower while I look around."
I went back into the bathroom, took off my towel, and continued my shower. I didn't bother shutting the door and instead just closed the shower curtain. And also I've got nothing to be ashamed of. I was always fit, and got even more muscular after my sentence. I'd known Michelle for almost a year. I've probably opened up to her more than anyone else in my life. What's so bad if she catches a glimpse of my butt?
As I showered, I could hear Michelle checking around my apartment for anything suspicious. Lucky for me, I've got nothing suspicious for her to find. I think she trusts me, but she does this to be thorough. It's a tiny apartment, almost like one big room plus the bathroom and kitchen, so the search doesn't usually take her long.
When I finished my shower and opened the shower curtain, I could see Michelle in the kitchen looking through my cabinets. Without drying off, I grabbed my privates and walked out of the bathroom, naked and dripping wet.
"You find my weed stash yet, huh?" I said.
When Michelle turned and saw me, she covered her mouth. "Oh my God, Scott! What're you doing?!" Her eyes scanned my body up and down.
"What? We're friends, ain't we?"
"Scott, go dry yourself off. You are too much," she said, trying not to laugh.
I turned to go get the towel and Michelle slapped my ass as I was walking away. I looked over my shoulder and smiled at her. She laughed with her hand still over her mouth. I think I felt her gaze on my ass when I was walking away.
I dried myself off in the bathroom, facing away from her, and then wrapped the towel back around my waist and joined Michelle in my small living area. I've got a love seat, a kitchen chair, a coffee table, and an old TV set, most of which I managed to get for free. It's mismatched but I think it's a nice little setup, and a lot cleaner than what most bachelors have.
Michelle was sitting in the chair, so I sat down on the love seat, a few feet away, and angled myself so I was facing her. The first couple house visits she did with me she wore a bulletproof vest with the word "PAROLE" on the back. I assume she does that for everyone. But after she realized I wasn't a threat she started coming over in just a standard issue, black polo tucked into these khaki pants, with a badge and a walkie talkie.
The outfit didn't fit her. I mean, it fit her shape real nice. That polo shirt hugged her torso tight so you could see the curves of those titties and her slim waist below, down to the tops of her hips where everything curved outward and started to get wide just above her belt. And the pants couldn't hide that she had serious cake.
But the outfit didn't fit her face. It was an outfit for a boring man, but she was a beautiful woman. Smooth skin, lipstick, and her hair pulled back tight into a bun. A pretty woman. A sexy woman. I don't know what else to say.
"First thing's first," Michelle said. "Why is it so hot in here?"
"Maybe 'cause you came in," I said, playfully leaning my chin on my palm like a school boy with a crush.
She giggled. "You stop it. I'm for real. Why don't you turn the A/C on?"
"Landlord took a piece out of the A/C unit or something so I can't use it."
"What for?"
"... I missed one or two rent payments," I said sheepishly.
Michelle sighed. "You didn't have the money? Aren't you working at that Jiffy Lube?"
I put my hand over my eyes. "I got fired from that place. It wasn't anything I did! Well, I kinda did, but it's just... You know how it is. When you're a felon they just let you go a lot easier. I'm looking for a new job every day."
"Okay. I'll see if I can help you. At any rate, your landlord can't take out amenities that were hear when you first arrived. I might have a word with him after I'm done here."
"No, no, no! Please don't. I don't think he knows about my record," I said.
She sighed again. "Well, it's too hot in here." She fanned herself with her hand and I noticed beads of sweat on her arm and forehead. I got up and walked to the kitchen. "Where're you going, Scott?"
I came back a few seconds later with a glass of ice water and an ice cube in my hand. I set the water on the table. "For you."
"Aw, thank you," Michelle said, taking a sip.
"Hold out your hand." She did so, confused. I took her hand in mine and lightly rubbed the ice cube on the inside of her wrist. She let out a moan of pleasure. I noticed she was looking at my body.
Then I gently slid the ice cube across her forehead, still holding her hand. She closed her eyes and smiled, then looked me in the eyes and mouthed the words "Thank you, dear."
I took the ice cube and rubbed on my own wrist and forehead, then over my chest. When I was done with it, I dropped it into my towel, which made Michelle laugh.
"Alright, then. Let's talk about jobs," said Michelle, and she started telling me about different places in the area that hire felons and ex-cons. She always went above and beyond like that, always doing the most to help.
I promised Michelle I would apply for jobs at all the places she mentioned. She thanked me and said, "Now that that's sorted out, we should talk about this landlord. I do have a list of places that don't do background checks... Scott, could I get some more water?"
"Sure thing, sweetheart." I hopped back to the kitchen and refilled her glass. I also brought back another ice cube, and gave her the ice cube treatment one more time.
"That's so good, Scott. Thank you... You don't seem too bothered by the heat."
"Well no," I said, putting my hands behind my head casually. "I'm naked."
Michelle and I both laughed. "I was gonna ask you to put some clothes on, but... if you're more comfortable like this, that's up to you."
"Oh, I can put something on and still stay cool. I don't mind a bit. Anything for you, Michelle." I stood up and walked to my closet. The bedroom area was partially separated from the rest of the apartment by a half a wall. But where I was standing, I was in full view of Michelle, and only 10 or 15 feet away. I decided to put on a little show.
I took off the towel and walked to the bathroom, my big, limp dick swinging past Michelle. I hung up the towel and walked back to the closet naked. I took my time looking in the closet, weighing my options. "Now how can I cover up and still stay cool?" I said. "Maybe I'll just put on shorts. What do you think?"
I turned to Michelle. She was staring at my body with a stunned expression, her jaw hanging and a finger or two resting on her lower lip. "Huh? Yeah, whatever," she said.
"What? Never seen a naked man before?"
She laughed. "I- No, believe me, I have... I- You just caught me off guard... Still the morning, and all..." I noticed that her eyes never left my body.
I grabbed a pair of shorts, slid them on and sat back down on the couch. Michelle still seemed a little dumbfounded as I said "So where were we? ... You were gonna talk about the landlord?"
"Right," said Michelle, taking a gulp of water. "Right, right, right. You right. Um, yes. So, uh, you... have a lease?"
We kept talking and eventually Michelle looked like she recovered from seeing my penis. After talking about my living situation, we talked as friends for a little bit, just catching up.
Michelle checked the time on her phone. "Ugh. I'm technically done here but I really don't wanna go back to the office. It's so stressful there and so relaxed here."
"Stay a while if you want to. If anyone asks what took you so long just tell 'em I violated my parole and ran off into the woods and you were looking for me."
"Well I'm not gonna do THAT," she said, laughing slightly. "But you really don't mind if I stay a while longer?"
"I'll make lunch for both of us."
"Oh, Scott. You. Are. Too. Sweet... Why can't all parolees be like you?"
"I only act sweet for sweet officers," I said.
"What if we just order something here?" said Michelle.
I was relieved. I know whatever I made wouldn't have impressed Michelle. I'm man enough to admit that maybe I have a little bit of a crush on her. "Oh, sure thing," I said.
We ordered food from some place Michelle said was good and she insisted a hundred times that she would pay, because it'd be bribery if I paid for her meal. I know she was just looking out for me because she knows I don't have money.
Michelle put her phone in her pocket. "Well. Should be here in 10 minutes... Damn, it is so hot in here."
"Wish I had a fan or something."
"This shirt is about three inches thick," she said. "I'm jealous of you, not having to wear a shirt."
"You don't have to wear one either."
She laughed. "Nice try, young man."
"I'm serious. You don't have to be so uncomfortable. And it ain't nothing I've never seen before under that polo."
She already had the buttons at the top undone to let more air hit her skin. "Taking this off sounds so nice," she said, with a sense of amusement.
"Then do it," I said, shrugging.
Michelle looked me in the eye to see if I was serious. I shrugged again. She stood up and untucked her shirt, then pulled it over her head and dropped it on the ground, tilting her head back triumphantly. "Oh, that feels so good."
She sat back down. Damn, she looked good. Just a little better than I imagined, and I imagined good things. She wore a simple black bra but I'm sure those tits would have looked good in anything. I never woulda imagined Michelle pulling her top off in my apartment, of all people. I was shocked but I didn't wanna show it too much. I clapped and said, "I'm proud of you."
"Thank you, thank you," she said, lifting her arms up and tilting her shoulders back and forth like a bellydancer or something to celebrate her freedom from the polo shirt. "What do you think?"
I said, "About what?"
"About what?!" she repeated back to me, offended. She grabbed her boobs with both hands and gave them a jiggle, giving me an impatient look.
I laughed. "Oh, about those. Well, let's just say if I stare too long you're gonna know exactly what I think." I waved my hand over my crotch.
She put on a face of playful shock and smacked my arm, laughing. "You nasty."
"Hey, you're my parole officer. When you ask me a question I gotta tell you the truth."
"And that's why you're my best parolee."
"... So when are you gonna take them pants off?"
"SCOTT!" she gasped. "Oh my God. I never knew just how horny a person you are until today."
"I wasn't a horny person until you took that shirt off."
"I really do wanna get these pants off me," she said, chuckling. "But I just can't. Wouldn't be right."
"What's wrong with it? It's just too damn hot," I said. Her bra wasn't particularly revealing but there was lots of cleavage to look at.
"It would be inappropriate. I'm your parole officer. I wouldn't wanna put you in a position that's uncomfortable... for you. And my eyes are up here."
"I actually think I would be very comfortable with you taking off your pants."
Michelle laughed again. "You... Too much... I mean..."
"You're thinking about it, I can tell."
She nodded mischievously. "Well.. What the hell," she said. Then she stood up, undid her belt, kicked off her shoes, and turned away from me. She pulled her pants to the ground and I was treated to a perfect view of her ass. I started to get hard. Couldn't help it much.
Michelle put her hands on her head and did a quick little dance before sitting back down. The way she moved helped my erection to keep growing.
"Ah, that's nice," she said. "Those pants were strangling me." Then she noticed the tent in my shorts. "Scott, oh my God. Are you for real?"
"I told you you were gonna find out exactly what I think," I said, playing it off as if I popped a boner on purpose as a joke or something.
"So you're not playing with me right now? You're, like, actually aroused?"
"No idea how I could fake this," I said, tapping the side of my dick to make it bobble under my shorts.
"Hah..."
Knock at the door. I stood up, looked at my obvious erection, and gritted my teeth towards Michelle. She laughed and shrugged. "That's probably our food. You gotta get it."
I opened the door just a crack so they could pass the food through and I could say thank you. I shut the door and turned the corner back to the living area to see Michelle silently laughing.
"You look so silly with that thing sticking up in your shorts. I hope they got a good look at you," she said.
We ate and talked about our lives. It came up that we're both currently single. Michelle was still sexy, but I eventually got swept up in conversation and my erection gradually died down. Michelle noticed the missing boner when we were almost done eating. She said, "Oh, where'd your friend go?"
"Still there. Just ain't sticking up."
"... Maybe I can change that," she said, and she reached behind her back. Smiling at me, she unhooked her bra and slid it off her shoulders and arms, dropping it on the floor.
Her breasts hung down in a healthy way. She was busty, with tits that reminded me of two soft globes that had just started to melt, or something. Her nipples were almost the same color as the skin surrounding them. She had a big, mischievous grin like she did something naughty. I grinned stupidly at the sight.
I could feel my dick start to harden, although it didn't look like it from the outside. Michelle frowned. "Still nothing? Well, I really shouldn't be doing this, as your parole officer. Like, this is REALLY wrong, okay? But I'll do it for you." She stood up and pulled down her panties.
She kicked the panties off her feet, and now I could really appreciate the shapes of her curves. She had a neatly trimmed bush. Her naked figure was just perfect. Needless to say my twitched erection back. "There we go. It's about time," said Michelle.
"You happy now?" I said.
"Yeah, I'm happy," she said, biting her lip and twirling back and forth slightly in uncertainty. "But I wanna do more..." She walked over to me, spread her legs, and sat on my lap, facing me, just shy of my erection. "But I know I shouldn't."
I put my hands on her thighs. Her skin was cool and soft, almost like felt. Her cheeks rested on my bare knees. "Like what?" I said.
She put her hands on my shoulders and looked me in the eyes. "I haven't been with a man in months, Scott... I never saw any of my parolees sexually, but today... you've been driving me wild..."
"Well are you gonna do something about it?"
"Can we keep this a secret just between us, Scott?" Michelle leaned in closer to me
"Hell yes," I said. We started to kiss and feel each other's bodies.
She reached for the waistband of my shorts and I quickly pulled them out from under her. Michelle pressed her stomach against the bottom side of my dick and slid up and down as we made out.
Then she planted her knees on the couch cushion to either side of me to lift her self up. She grabbed my penis daintily and it took her a bit of effort to get all the way above it. She got a firm grip on my penis as she hovered over it, my tip just touching her slit.
Finally, she lowered herself onto me. She moved cautiously at first, not lowering herself completely. Inside her was warm and wet and inviting. It felt heavenly and I wanted more.
She accepted more of my cock each time she lowered herself. When she finally lowered herself completely, she let out a moan and she couldn't seem to close her mouth no matter how hard she tried.
I thrust my pelvis upward in rhythm with each time Michelle dropped down, which made a clapping noise each time our bodies met. With each thrust, my dick was coated in her juices.
It was too soon for me to cum but I felt it coming. I grabbed Michelle by the waist and lifted her off my cock, placing her down on my thighs, so I could have a second to reset myself.
"What?!" she shouted, annoyed, as she immediately started to play with her clit.
I wrapped my arms around her back and stood up, picking her up with me. She squealed with delight as I took her over to the bed. I closed my eyes, thinking that maybe if I don't see her it would turn down my arousal enough to make me last longer.
But just the thought of her naked in front of me was too much for me to keep my eyes closed for more than a second. I placed her down on the edge of the bed and started to fuck her there. Michelle looked wildly happy to be in this position.
I grabbed one of her boobs as I fucked her, feeling its perfect firmness and softness. Her hips were so wide but her pussy was narrow in the middle. She was some type of perfection.
Michelle reached behind her head and undid her bun, with a bit of difficulty because of how much I was jostling her around. Her hair came out in all directions as her head rubbed against the bed, and her forehead, like both our bodies, shimmered with sweat. There was something so, so sexy about this sight.
I thrusted into her harder and her moans turned into small screams. "Yes! Yes!" she shouted. When I could tell from her moans and grunts that she was climaxing, I let myself do the same.
It came quick, like an explosion inside of her. The heat felt like it might boil my dick. I continued to thrust as more semen poured into her. We were both panting and Michelle seemed to almost spasm with pleasure. As the last of my orgasm came, I stopped thrusting and held myself inside of her, my butt clenching and my pelvis vibrating as I tried to stay still.
Michelle grabbed me and pulled me down on top of her, kissing me. We embraced and made out as I slid my softening, wet dick out of her pussy. As we kissed, my dick flopped against her thigh.
There'd been lots of times with other girls where I'd gotten to this point and then instantly felt a ton of regret, but I felt no regret this time. I looked at Michelle's face and tried to read her emotions. I wanted this to happen but she seemed like she needed it more than me.
I rolled off of her so we were both laying on our backs.
"Wow..." she said. "As good as that was, you know it was wrong, right?"
"We're both adults," I said, shrugging. "Can't we make our own decisions?"
"It's a whole thing, Scott. About, like, preferential treatment and stuff like that too."
"Don't give me preferential treatment. Throw me back in jail whenever you want to."
She laughed. "Alright... Don't worry, I won't. I mean, no. I will if you violate your parole. But you're a good man, so you'll probably stay clean." Her fingers wandered down to my cock and she stroked it idly.
"I do some dirty things from time to time," I said, grabbing one of her boobs.
"Well, next time I come here, you're obligated to tell me about it."
"Maybe next time I can show you."
This is really a story of how to get your parole officer to visit a lot more often.