Note : This story is about a pretty woman, on whom I have a big, very big crush! She very much exists, but this story is a pure figment of imagination and any resemblance to her or any other character is purely coincidental.
*****
Radhika was having her bath when she thought she heard something. When the buzzer sounded again, she shut the shower to listen. The phone was indeed ringing, persistently. Getting out of the shower she wrapped a towel and rushed out of the bath to answer the phone. It was her husband Dev.
'Honey, I have some good news and some bad news. What would you like to hear first, the good or the bad?'
'Give me the bad news first. That way I can save the good for the last!'
'The seminar finished earlier than scheduled but I'm afraid we will have to attend the cocktail dinner in the evening. It's in the hotel itself - in the front lawn overlooking the beach.'
'Oh! That scuttles our plans for having fun in the pool this evening.'
'I tried to wriggle out by telling boss that my wife had travelled with me to Goa and that we had plans for the evening. But on learning that you are here, he insisted that you should also join us for the evening dinner.'
'What a bore. And what's the Good news!'
'Boss said that since I was here with my wife, he was giving me two days off and that we could continue to stay in the hotel, all expenses paid.'
'So just by mentioning me, you got a paid holiday and we get to enjoy this hotel suite till Tuesday?'
'Yes dear, but you will have to accompany me to the dinner tonight, okay?'
'Sure, I will. In fact I feel like giving your boss a big hug.'
'Don't even think of it! He's a bit of a creep and girls in office keep their distance. He might misinterpret your simple hug as an invitation to god knows what!'
'Relax, Honey' Radhika chuckled. 'With my hands folded in the traditional Indian way, I'll just say 'namaste' and thank him profusely for granting you leave. All right?'
'All right,' he said grudgingly.
There was silence for a while. 'There's one more thing,' he added. 'The conference got over early and I was wondering if I could get some of my office colleagues up to our suite for a drink. I could introduce them and once you know the boys in my team you wouldn't feel out of place at the dinner later tonight.'
'Sure Honey, you can either bring them up or I can come down and meet them in the lobby.'
'No, don't come down - the hotel lobby is a little crowded. Our suite is quite spacious and the mini-bar is well stocked too.' He hesitated for a moment then added, 'Err... Honey, could you wear something interesting?'
After years of marriage Radhika understood what her husband wanted well enough, but she wanted to hear him plead. 'Interesting, as in ...?' she queried innocently.
'Interesting as in ... sensual, enticing, exciting... you get the drift?' he whispered softly.
'Sure I do. But why is my husband asking me to dress enticingly for his gang of office colleagues?'
'Honey, I have a reputation being a hard task master in office, of being a work-alcoholic and a kill joy who doesn't know how to have fun. Since they haven't met you, they will probably assume that you are also pretty much the same.'
Radhika grinned and shook her head, 'Tut, tut... too bad they don't know the real you. If they think of you as no fun they must be nuts! But Darling, why are we bothered about what they think?'
'Radhika, I want that no fun image to change,' he pleaded.
'So, what do you want me to do?' she acquiesced.
'You are good looking, tall and have a voluptuous figure. I need them to see you as you are - enticing, bold & fun. And who, as my vivacious better-half actually completes me!'
'Wow!' Radhika grinned. 'It's been a while since I got a complement out of you... okay, I'll do it for you.'
'Great! We'll be coming up shortly.'
'No, way! I was having my bath and I need some time to get ready,' it was her turn to plead.
'Honey, the conference is already over and we are through shaking hands with all delegates. I will see what I can do but I can't dilly dally for long. You have ten minutes.'
'Okay, I'll see what I can do in ten!' Radhika smiled and put down the phone.
She kept the phone down and looked around their room. The suite was divided in to two parts. As you entered to your right was a huge double-bed which faced huge French windows that overlooked the hotel garden. The bed had a round tea-table and some chairs at the base and a fridge tucked in the corner. On the left side of the room next to the entrance door was a luxurious bathroom followed by a walk-in wardrobe. One three-seat sofa and two single seat sofa were placed around a black stone center table which had marble stone work engrained. A huge LED TV was mounted on the wall beyond which, next to the tall French windows, lay a huge study table which had a lamp and telephone. It was this phone that Radhika had used to talk to her husband.
Though housekeeping had made up the room up earlier, Radhika found some of her and Dev's personal stuff strewn around. She quickly picked these up and pushed them inside the table drawers by the side of the bed. She then pulled the drapes of the huge French-windows aside and tied them at the corner. The setting sun filled up the room with a golden glow, as it dipped towards the sea, beyond the hotel's beach.
Happy that their room was now presentable, she walked up to her wardrobe. What could she wear to entice and excite her guests? Radhika wondered as her fingers sifted through the dresses hanging. There was a purple chiffon saree with a kinki noodle strap blouse but it would take time to wear. Leaving it for the party later in the evening, she picked up a g-string bikini which sported leopard spots. It was sexy as hell but what explanation could she have for wearing swimming costume indoors? Tossing it aside, she took out her favorite black silk gown. It left her shoulders bare and had a slit running down the side to show off her shapely leg. Radhika was about to slip in to the black dress when she looked in to the mirror and stopped. She still had the towel wrapped around after coming out from her bath to take Dev's call. 'If seduction is the objective, why bother to dress?' she asked herself.
She looked at herself in the mirror. The hotel towel in which she was wrapped was tucked in at her bosom. While it did cover her assets, she could wear it a bit lower to reveal a bit more cleavage. And though the towel covered her legs up to the knees, she could easily flash her legs. She made up her mind - she would open the door dressed in nothing, but a towel! After all, she wasn't expected to know that her husband was bringing guests up to the room. She could act surprised!
She again looked in to the mirror critically. While it did give her the flexibility to bare as and when she desired, the thick spongy hotel towel did not complement her curves. She dug in to her suitcase and pulled out the spare towel that she always carried. It was rectangular piece of white cloth, made from a thin mesh of highly absorbent cotton. This rather thin towel is more popular in monsoon prone southern states of India as it absorbs water very quickly. Though in the process the towel itself gets wet very fast, but being thin, this towel can be dried easily! All one has to do is leave it for ten minutes in the sun or under a fan and presto - it is dry once again!
Radhika swapped the towels and looked at herself in the mirror. She liked what she saw. Unlike the thick hotel towel, this thin towel wrapped around her like a second skin. It did justice to her shapely curves. There was one problem though - this towel was neither as wide nor as long as a standard towel. It was barely long enough to be wrapped around and its width was much lesser too. So even when Radhika wore it fairly low, tucking it barely an inch in to her well endowed bosom, a wee bit of her shapely legs were exposed. Radhika turned around looking at herself in the mirror from all angles. She began to have doubts if such a short-thin towel would be appropriate, when she spied remnants of soap-lather on her thigh. Dropping the towel she quickly rushed back in to the shower to finish her bath.
Washing off all traces of soap, she stepped out of the shower and stood in front of the bathroom mirror. She applied a dash of lip gloss for a fresh out of bath natural look. Even as water dripped off her body, she used her waterproof eyeliner to accentuate her eyes. She wanted to look glamorous but without making it too obvious. Just a hint of eye-shadow, a touch of mascara on her slender eyelashes and a dab of her favorite perfume, completed her makeup. She had barely put the perfume down, when the door bell rang.
There was no time now - her dress of choice would have to be the thin towel!
Wrapping the thin towel around, she took a deep breath and opened the door. 'Hi Honey, you are back early - what a surprise! I thought you said your seminar would go on till evening'.
Pretending not to have noticed his three colleagues standing behind, she stepped forward in to the hotel corridor and wrapping her arms around his neck, kissed him passionately.
Dev was taken aback. He had wanted Radhika to be enticingly dressed to impress his colleagues. But he hadn't expected her to answer the door half-naked, wearing such a short towel. His heart did a somersault and he felt an erection building up. He kissed her back, a little embarrassed and then he cleared his throat. 'Er... Darling, some of my colleagues are here with me...'
'Oh! I didn't realize you had company!' she said feigning surprise. Stepping away from her husband she smiled sheepishly at the men standing in the corridor. All of them were dressed in formal business suits. The tall one was clean shaven, the second medium built guy sported a trimmed beard and the third was a plump clean shaven baby faced guy with specs.
The men in turn stared at Radhika. The towel was tucked in low between her breasts revealing her deep cleavage and it barely reached up to her thighs. Her long shapely legs were totally exposed. Water was dripping from her wet hair on to her ample bosom, making the thin towel material translucent. Portions of the towel were becoming progressively wet and sticking to her skin. She looked like a sexy nymph straight out of a playboy centerfold.
'Sorry, I'm not properly dressed' she smiled at the men charmingly. 'Actually, I was having a leisurely bath as I didn't expect my husband back till late evening!' she explained.
Then stepping inside, she held the door open for them, 'But please come in and be comfortable...' she smiled invitingly.
The men hesitated looking at each other and then at Dev. No man would want others to see his wife when she was thus exposed. Surely he wouldn't allow them in to the room till she was dressed.
They were in for a surprise.
'Come, let's have a drink... we have time to kill till the official dinner' Dev waved his colleagues in.
The men walked past Radhika, who held the door open for them. Peeking at Boss's wife was definitely taboo. Yet their eyes danced all over her exposed legs and delightful curves.
They walked past the open bathroom door, from which steam was escaping. Radhika had deliberately left the hot shower running and the bathroom door ajar, to make her 'caught in the bath' look, authentic. Dev was the last to enter. 'So, am I sexy enough for your friends?' she queried in a hushed voice.
'Babe, you look so hot I'm sure you you're giving them a hard on!' he said brushing her breast.
'Don't be naughty! You have guests to take care of...' she smiled pushing him away.
'Correction, we have guests to take care of,' Dev replied and walked on towards his colleagues who were settling down on the sofa.
Closing the door, Radhika stepped in to the bathroom momentarily to shut off the shower. As she glanced in to the bathroom mirror, she suddenly realized just how wet her towel had become. She turned to look at herself in the mirror and was shocked to see that the wet towel had become translucent, revealing much more than she had planned. She looked almost naked! Surprisingly, Dev hadn't objected to her daring display. On the contrary he seemed quite smitten by her skimpy towel outfit. She decided to let her husband decide.
Closing the bathroom door, she walked up to them men playing the perfect host. 'Gentlemen, I'll join you after changing in to something more appropriate, but let me first get you something to drink. Tell me what would you like... we have beer, whisky & cola.'
Dev looked at the men lusting for his wife in the wet clingy towel. That his woman was capable of having such an effect on them, made him proud. 'Come on, darling you don't need to dress up for them,' he pleaded. 'These boys are from my team. We are very close, just like family. Come sit and let me introduce you to them,' he gestured for her to take the vacant seat on the sofa, in between two of his colleagues.
Not wanting to risk more exposure by sitting on a low sofa, Radhika walked up to Dev instead and perched herself on the arm of his sofa. The towel which barely covered her thighs, rode further up... right up to her bun.
'This guy here with a French beard is Arun. He is a wizard with numbers. He looks after all our statistics'. Arun nodded his head at the ravishing beauty next to his boss. Radhika smiled an acknowledgement.
'The fat man next to Arun is Loki. As you may have guessed, Loki hates work or any other form of exercise. In fact if you see him working in office, you can be sure something is terribly wrong!' while Radhika giggled at her husband's remark, Loki smiled. 'His specialty is drafting designs. They are absolutely faultless and help us perform impeccably.'
'He's not fat... just a bit plump,' said Radhika tapping Dev on the shoulder. Loki beamed at Radhika
'You should see him drink. He likes to guzzle half a dozen beers at one go,' Dev added.
'Oh! So that is the secret of your good health' she smiled at Loki playfully.
'Finally, we have Raja who is a teetotaler & works the hardest of us all.' Dev pointed towards the clean shaven guy with kind eyes who looked at Radhika then glanced away shyly. He takes care of all our communication. Emails, letters, reports, presentations, you name it he does it.' Radhika nodded her head at Raja in acknowledgement.
'And this, gentlemen, is my adorable wife Radhika,' said Dev placing his hand provocatively on her thigh.
'So he wants to show me off', thought Radhika watching her husband caress her thighs as he went on with her introduction.
'She is beautiful, large hearted and bold! And that's the reason I married her!' he said with genuine pride.
'Gentlemen, I don't know about the bold and beautiful part...,' Radhika smiled, 'but yes I do have a heart large enough to accommodate the desires & fantasies of my darling hubby,' she acknowledged.
'And now, let me introduce you to my husband. You might think you know him from office. But what you probably don't know, is that he's very, very mischievous and fun loving. In fact, I married him because he's the most naughty and adorable person that I've ever met,' said Radhika ruffling his hair affectionately.
'Boss & mischief?' Loki looked at Dev, then at others in disbelief.
'I think he's a pretty serious no-nonsense sort of person,' agreed Arun.
'He's a tough task master... at least in office' added Raja not wanting to contradict his boss's pretty wife.
'That's because you don't know him like I do. I'll tell you things about Dev which will change your notions about him, but first let me get you something to drink. Let me see... half a dozen beers for Loki, Coke for me and Raja, whisky for Dev and what's your poison Arun?'
'A beer, would be just fine.'
Radhika got up and walked up to the refrigerator. As she walked by the French windows the slanting
rays of the setting sun lit her up in a golden glow. Picking up three glasses she placed them on the tea table. Then opening the fridge she took out a handful of ice cubes and tossed them in to the glasses. She poured a large peg of whisky in one glass and coke in to the other two. She then opened the fridge and leaned forward to pull out the beer bottles. The short towel barely reached up to her thigh. As she bent forward her buns began peeping out from underneath. Lit up by the golden rays, she looked sexy as hell. As she leaned a bit more, the slanting ray of the sun peeked in to the gap between her buns, lighting up the bulge of her clean-shaven pussy.
She pulled out the bottles, holding four beers between the fingers of her left hand and three between the fingers of her right. She placed all seven bottles on the tea-table and then prized off their caps. She took her husband's whisky glass in one hand and the two coke glasses in the other. Then kneeling down besides the tea-table she wrapped her arms around the beer bottles, hugging them all. Clutching them close to her bosom, she got up and slowly sashayed back towards the sofa. She grinned at Dev, happy at succeeding in carrying ten drinks at one go.
Loaded precariously with the towel still riding high on her bum, she tried to hand Dev his whisky. Instead of taking the offered glass, he ran his fingers up the smooth skin of her calf all the way up to her partially exposed bun. Radhika jerked back to get out of his reach but not before Dev had slid his hand further up, uncovering more of her bun.
'Stop tickling - you are making the drinks spill!'
Dev looked up to see that the sudden jerk had indeed caused the beer bottles to spill. Radhika's bosom was dripping wet covered in beer froth.
'I'm sorry, but you looked too tempting. Still declining to take the offered glass, he gestured her on towards his colleagues saying, 'Guests, first!'
'See, how naughty he really is...' said Radhika and stepped towards Arun and Loki. She passed Arun smiling politely, 'Let me give Loki his six and then I'll be back for you'.
Loki whose plump expanse was occupying most of the three seater sofa, raised his hand to help his hostess. He was extremely aware of the proximity of his hands to her dripping wet breasts. Loki tried to delicately hold the snout of two bottles carefully avoiding touching her breasts but since Radhika was clutching the beers really close to her chest, his hands touched her breasts. As if struck by lightning, Loki pulled his hands back.
'Come on Loki, my hands are full... take your six bottles' Radhika goaded, leaning forward.
Loki glanced at Dev. Seeing that his boss was still smiling indulgently, he gathered courage and raised his hands slowly towards her bosom. This fatso is really cute thought Radhika as Loki fumbled to hold the beer bottles.
'Place your fingers around the neck of the bottles' she smiled at Loki clutching the bottles tighter. A little embarrassed, Loki did as he was told even though his fingers were now pressing in to her bosom. Radhika smiled at him encouragingly, 'Just a little more - once you have a firm grip on the bottles I will release my hold.'
'I have got six', he mumbled, his fingers feeling the firmness of her boobs.
'Are you sure?' smiled Radhika, enjoying his
discomfiture.
'Yeah, sure'!
'Good, I'll relax my grip on the count of three - ready?'
Loki swallowed hard and nodded in acknowledgement.
'One, two and three...' said Radhika opening up her arm. Loki pulled the bottles away, heaving her breasts upwards. Her big melons drenched in beer froth dangled enticingly before him - the chilled beer making her nipples erect.
'See, it wan't difficult', she smiled still clutching the remaining seventh bottle in her armpit.
'Arun, my hands are tied up with these drinks...' she said raising Dev's whisky and two glasses of cola. 'Why don't you take your beer?' she said turning towards the other end of the sofa.
Having seen her play seductively with Loki, Arun was already inspired. He didn't need a second invitation. Whilst reaching for his bottle, he bumped his hand in to her breast. Seeing her smile knowingly, he deliberately brushed her erect nipple while retrieving his bottle. He then looked her in the eye and raising the beer bottle said, 'Thank you!'
'You are welcome,' said Radhika glancing at her husband who was keenly observing everything.
She then turned towards Raja who had been staring at her half exposed ass while she was leaning & serving Loki and Arun. When she turned towards him, Raja saw the extent to which her towel had been drenched by the spilled beer. The wet towel clinging to her skin had become completely see-through. He watched her ripe breasts and taut teats as she came towards him holding Dev's glass of whisky in one hand and two glasses of coke in the other.
She watched him gape at her breasts with open mouthed fascination, as she approached. Leaning forward she said, 'Will you hold both of them please?'
Raja beamed at her, not believing his luck. 'With pleasure...' he said and raising his hands cupped her breasts, feeling her taut nipples.
Radhika looked at her husband and then back at Raja.
'Er... I meant hold both the glasses of coke', Radhika giggled. 'Not my boobs!'
'Oh!' Raja realized his faux-pas and froze. 'Sorry - I misunderstood', he apologized hurriedly removing his hands. Looking very sheepish, he took both the colas from her hand.
'It's alright...' cooed Radhika, patting him fondly on the cheek now that her hand was free. 'It's my fault, I should have been more specific on what I wanted you to hold...'
Then glancing at her husband she winked, 'Such misunderstanding often happen with me, isn't it?'
'Sweet-heart, you look so enticing that people tend to misunderstand. I don't blame Raja at all!'
'I wasn't fishing for compliments!' she smiled. 'All guests are served, will you have your drink now?'
'Sure, but I like my drink on the rocks...,' he said.
'Darling, I have already made your drink, on the rocks... see,' Radhika shook his glass to tinkle the ice cubes.
As she walked over to hand him his drink, Dev pulled her on to his lap and parting her towel exposed one breast. Nudging her erect nipple with his nose, 'This is the rock I had in mind!' he said. Tossing the ice cubes out of his glass, he began pouring the whisky on her fulsome breast. He sucked and licked up the scotch, as it trickled down her teat.
Radhika looked at Dev's colleagues staring at her. She decided to initiate conversation with the men even as her husband feasted on her breast.
'See, just how naughty your boss actually is!' she said inviting attention of the men to her husband's hungrily squeezing and suckling her teat.
'He just loves being naughty', she continued. 'Whenever we go to the beach or swimming pool he asks me to wear my bikini loose, so that whenever he feels like it, he can accidentally expose me before whosoever he wants.'
'Last year while driving back from the New Year party, he had me flash my boobs at everyone who wished us a Happy New Year! I didn't mind flashing strangers but then when he asked me wish Happy New Year to our next door neighbor, I put my foot down! But since I love him, I do indulge him quite a lot. '
Radhika looked at Dev who was contentedly licking her taut nipple. She let him suckle her for a while then gently reminded 'Darling, it's not polite - we have guests...'
Breaking away from her big strawberry teat, Dev looked at the men eyeing his wife lustily. 'I'm sure our guests don't mind.' Then licking off the last drop of whisky from her nipple he suggested, 'In fact why don't you serve all my guests their drink on the rocks... I mean on your rocks!'
'You are nuts!' said Radhika rolling her eyes. Then looking at the men she said, 'You see, just how mischievous & fun-loving your Boss really is?'
Radhika looked at the men eyeing her hungrily. She didn't fancy Arun much, but her juices began to stir at the thought of having Loki and Raja suckle her teats. 'Dev, are you sure you want me to breast-feed your colleagues?' she asked huskily, a devious smile playing across her lips.
'Go on, honey - shower our guests with your hospitality!' so saying he gently nudged her forward. Radhika had barely taken a few hesitant steps when Arun leapt up and held her ripe melons. 'Sir, your wife's tits... I have never seen such big ones, they are just amazing!' he said, his voice was hoarse with desire.
'I know,' Dev smiled at his colleague. Then magnanimously said, 'Enjoy...' He watched as Arun squeezed and fondled his wife's breasts.
Deferring to her husband's wishes Radhika let Arun play with her breasts for a while, but then she pushed him firmly back in to his sofa. So that both Arun and Loki could have equal access to her she decided to sit in the middle of the three-seat sofa.
But before that she decided to remove the thin translucent veil that the towel had become which anyway did not cover much. Removing it from around her breasts, Radhika tucked it around her waist. It now served the purpose of not revealing to Raja and her husband, who were sitting right across, just how wet and juicy her pussy had become.
Though she liked Loki better, dropping in to the middle seat, she spread her arms across the sofa back-rest - encompassing both men. Taking a deep breath she pushed out her breasts for the men to feast on.
Arun lunged at her bosom again, while Loki just sat still, staring at her from behind his big go-go glasses. This big fat cute baby needs some help, thought Radhika. She smiled at Loki encouragingly, 'Don't you want to have fun too?' Loki looked at Arun unabashedly suckling and licking her right breast and then looked at Dev and hesitated.
Radhika looked at her husband sternly, 'Why are you scaring him? I know you get a kick seeing your wife pleasuring other men. So why don't you go and dig out that camera of yours and quietly capture me being hospitable to your colleagues.' Suppressing a smile, Dev got up immediately.
'Loki, don't worry about him - my husband gets turned on seeing me make out with other men,' Radhika coaxed softly. Loki swallowed hard then gulped down a bottle of beer to muster courage. 'You are really very beautiful!'
'Then, why don't you kiss me?' Radhika suggested.
Loki's eyes wandered. He stared at her luscious lips, then her slender neck, her bare shoulders, and then at her ripe fulsome breasts. Finally, Loki, looked her in the eye and asked in a desperate tone, 'Where?'
Radhika pulled his face close until their noses were rubbing. 'I want you to kiss me everywhere,' she whispered conspiratorially. 'Start with my lips, then go all the way down,' she pouted ignoring Arun who was latched on to her right breast licking and suckling her teat.
Just then there was a sudden distracting flash. Radhika looked up to see Dev clicking away with his camera.
'Just, ignore him...' she advised Loki and kissed. She was taken aback by the fervor of his reciprocation and they kissed for a long time. When she surfaced to breathe, she realized that she hadn't been kissed so passionately in a long time. She smiled at Loki and kissed him again. This time more gently and her lips moved all over, moving from his lips to his chin, his cheeks, his nose, his eyes and finally to his forehead and curly hair. As her lips went up Loki's went down, sliding from her chin, down to her neck and from there towards the plunging valley between her breasts.
Seeing Loki hesitate again, Radhika cupped her breast, lifting it towards him, 'What's up Loki? Don't you like my breasts?'
'They are beautiful', mumbled Loki staring at her ripe breast dangling inches from his face.
'Then what's stopping you from feeling them up?' she said gently rubbing her teat against his nose.
The touch of Radhika's big strawberry sized teat against his skin was too much for Loki. Losing control, he lunged on to and locked his lips on her teat with such passion that Arun was pushed off her right breast. Arun stared in surprise as Loki began suckling and devouring her breast. Radhika smiled at having successfully unleashed the beast hidden inside the baby faced Loki.
'Ouch! Don't hurt me,' Radhika exclaimed as Loki pinched her nipple with his teeth.
'I'm sorry, I got carried away!' Loki immediately let go of her breast apologizing profusely to Radhika & Dev.
'It's okay, just be a little gentle,' Radhika smiled at Loki not wanting him to stop.
But Loki kept his hands off. 'I'm sorry, I got carried away,' he repeated. 'You see, I haven't touched a woman in a very long time, let alone a beauty like you. So... I got carried away!' he ended lamely.
'Okay! You know my husband loves taking naughty photos of me. So while he shoots some pictures why don't we enjoy my husband's idea of beer on the rocks?'
'Sure!' said Arun nudging her teat with his bottle of beer while Loki nodded his head in consent.
'So, let me sit back on the sofa like this... with you both on my side. The let me pour this bottle of beer on my breasts so that you can enjoy beer on the rocks!' so saying Radhika began pouring beer on her chest and Arun and Loki began sucking and licking it off her breasts. Dev went trigger happy clicking pictures from all angles. By the time all seven bottles of beer were licked off - Arun, Loki and Radhika had all become very very aroused. Radhika unzipped Loki and began stroking his penis. Seeing this Arun took out his cock and gave it to her. Deciding not to be impolite to her guest she started stroking both the men. Dev merrily took photos as both men came and burst their juices all over Radhika.
Radhika had no option but to take her wet towel off to wipe herself. Wiping herself she got up and walked carefully across to Raja so as not let him see how wet her pussy really was. 'Your turn mister,' she said cheerfully. 'And since you have been holding my coke for me for so long you get to drink coke off both my boobs.'
She sat on his lap and taking both the glasses of cola started pouring them slowly on her breasts. Raja smiled and began licking and suckling her teats as her husband took photos. As last of coke was licked off her nipples she looked at him and asked, 'Don't, I get to enjoy my drink on the rocks too?'
Raja weaned himself away from her nipple and said, 'Sure, should I get you another coke?'
'No! Just remove your shirt, handsome and show me your rocks,' she commanded.
Raja took off his shirt and Radhika ran her hand across his slim chest. She began playing with his nipples, pinching them gently. 'Ooh!' exclaimed Raja as she began kissing and licking them. Unbuckling his belt she took out his erect manhood and began stroking it.
Seeing her husband try to photograph her, she turned to pose for him holding Raja's erection in her hand. Raja enveloped her from behind with his hands holding her melons up for the camera. Dev happily composed the shot and asked Radhika to open her legs. Leaning back on Raja's chest she opened her legs to reveal her pussy.
As Dev clicked away she asked, 'Darling, I'm too aroused can I fuck him please?'
Dev, looked up from the camera. All that sucking and touching had really turned her on. Her aroused clit was glistening in between the lips of her wet and juicy pussy.
'Go ahead, he's all yours!'
'Thanks, Sweetheart!' Radhika smiled and blew him a flying kiss. She then stood up and pulled Raja out of his sofa. Leading him to the centre table she pulled off his pants. Raja was now completely naked just like her. She lay down on the centre table and opened her legs. Thoroughly aroused Raja saw her open legs as an invitation and he leaped on top of her pushing his rod in to her juicy pussy.
Radhika moaned in delight as Raja began pumping her. She hugged him digging her nails in his back as spasms of passion over took her. Radhika matched his thrusts and she stifled a scream as she climaxed just as he exploded his juices inside her. They lay there for a while enjoying the stillness, then Raja got up and looked at Dev sheepishly.
Seeing the men lusting for his sexy wife had really aroused Dev. As Raja stepped away from her, Dev moved forward to the center table. A content smile played on Radhika's lips as she lay there with her eyes shut. 'So my sluttish wife enjoys sex with other men,' thought Dev as he unzipped his pants to reveal his massive erection. She didn't mind flaunting her assets or breastfeeding his colleagues, in fact she enjoyed it. Now he really wanted to fuck this slut!
'I want to fuck you now!' said Dev leaning on top of Radhika.
'Of course, Honey!' Radhika opened her eyes hearing his voice. 'You know, lawfully wedded husbands, get priority!' she winked. 'So my slutty actions have turned you on. Come, come to Mama and take what you want...'
Dev climbed on top and kissed her passionately then moved down to her ripe breasts which had just given so much joy to his colleagues. He suckled her, feeling her big teats in his mouth and then moved down to her navel and then further south. He tapped her on her inner thigh and she obligingly spread her legs to reveal her pussy. She had just been fucked and cum was oozing out from her wet-n-juicy pussy. Dev wanted to feel what his colleague must have felt when he slid his erect cock in to his wife's cunt. He pushed his rod inside his wife and began fucking her.
'Yeah, this is heavenly,' he thought. 'They must also have felt this nice,' he thought.
Soon he began pumping her vigorously and Radhika responded matching his thrust with hers. The tempo picked up and as he burst his juices inside her, he couldn't help thinking, 'Wow! So this is how wonderful they would have felt - when they finally climaxed inside my wife'.
Radhika became aroused again but Dev exploded his juices inside her a little too soon. Satiated he kissed her and got up from the center table. 'Thank you, Honey that was great - one of the best, ever!'
'You are welcome,' Radhika sighed a little disappointed and used her elbows to raise herself to look at the men around. While all the men had their eyes on her, she was surprised to see Loki stroking a second erection as he watched her. She smiled and gestured him to come over.
To Loki, Radhika was nothing short of a Sex Diva. He jumped out of the sofa eagerly, lucky to have been given a second chance. He leaned over the center table eyeing her breasts hungrily.
'What are you waiting for? Come suck and fuck me!' she commanded.
Loki grinned and squeezed her melons. He then began to suckle her nipples. Radhika let him play with her breasts for a while but as she was desperate to feel his cock inside, she pulled him on top and opened her legs. He was big and heavy but when he pushed his cock inside her well lubricated pussy it felt heavenly. As Loki built up his tempo, she slipped her hand in and began to rub her clit. Matching his urgency with her thrusts she writhed with pleasure as they became one mass of heaving flesh. She shuddered and came just as Loki climaxed.
They lay still for a while. Then Radhika unwrapped her arms from around Loki's neck and tapped him asking him to roll over. On trying, Loki rolled off the center table and landed on the carpet. Radhika followed suit and rolled off the center table too, landing on top of Loki. She kissed him and whispered softly in his ears, 'For the record, of the three who fucked me today, you were the very best... thank you!'
Loki looked at her unbelievingly. 'I had never ever thought that I would get to fuck a beautiful woman like you' he blurted. His voice was sincere and genuine.
'Well, for that - you need to thank my husband!' said Radhika and got up.
'I can't thank him enough for sharing you with us!' he responded looking at Dev.
Picking up her towel she wiped the semen dripping out of her pussy and wrapped it around her waist. She then went to her husband, stood at attention and gave him a mock salute.
'All guests have been served - request permission to finish bath and get dressed for evening party.'
'Thank you and congratulations on a job well done!' Dev returned her salute.