If you have read my recollections about "Denise Needs More Men", you will have a greater understanding of how I found myself cruising for cock one night at a beach on Tampa Bay. My femdom hotwife, Denise, loves to see text pics of me in action with a stiff cock in my mouth and to hear about my cocksucking adventures, which by now have become quite frequent and enjoyable.
At this point, even if Denise were not "forcing" me to suck cocks, I would be doing it on my own anyway. Denise does not know what a cocksucking monster she has created! The only thing I love better than sucking cocks is sucking a hot, sticky, slimy, cum-covered cock that has just pulled out of her cunt and is still covered with Denise's pussy juice and his cum. I especially love it when she is ordering me to do it, humiliating me in front of her masculine alpha male lovers and making fun of my small penis, or as she calls it, my "Dicklette", because it's too tiny to call it a dick or a cock. "Only real men have cocks" Denise has told me on more than one occasion, reminding me in front of her lovers that I will never be a real man, and that it's a good thing I suck cock because I am certainly no good to any real woman.
So... it is about sunset at the (North) Sunshine Skyway Park near Saint Petersburg, FL at the rest area park on I-275. I parked my truck and began walking the shoreline between the surf and the tree line looking for guys who were also cruising and itching for a blowjob. I saw a car backed into the tree line and a man was sitting in the car. As I walked up to the car, I could see that he was older, probably in his 50's and he was stroking his cock in the car. He looked shocked at first, but when he saw me rubbing my crotch, he relaxed. His window as down. I quite obviously leered at his hard cock and said, "I can help you with that if you'd like?"
He didn't answer, but he started stroking faster. I said "Whoa! Dude, don't waste it!" And at that I opened his car door, handed him my cell phone, and said, "Take plenty of pictures." I took his cock in my hand, leaned over into his car, and took his entire little dick into my mouth in one slurp. I heard the cellphone camera click. I looked up into his eyes and let him see me going up and down on his dick. The camera clicked again. Now he was lifting his ass up off the car seat humping my mouth with his hard dick. He clicked the camera several more times. I thought to myself, "These should be some pretty good pictures for me to show Denise!"
The thought of that made my little dicklette hard as I continued to suck on this cute little dick (still much larger than my own). I could hear Denise saying. "My little Sweetie is such a good little cocksucker, isn't he? Who should I show these pictures too?" I was about to cum in my own pants just thinking about how Denise was going to humiliate me when she gets a hold of these pictures.
My new friend started cumming in my mouth. I rolled my face up toward the camera as he clicked off the pictures while spraying my mouth and face with his cum. I knew Denise was going to love showing her mother these pictures. My face was clearly and undeniably me in these pictures. Dee liked showing these pictures to her mother for the shock value, but also to show her mother that I was totally gay and that accounted for Denise's own marital infidelity. She simply had to have other lovers because her husband (me) would not have sex with her anymore and is totally and exclusively gay now. Her mother looked at me with disgust and, call me weird, but it almost always gave me an erection. Denise knew this and put me in that situation as often as she could. Dee would blatantly stare at the tent in my pants until her mother inadvertently looked there also. Her mother would roll her eyes and say "OH MY WORD! DENISE!" As she turned her head away from me. Denise would look me in the eye, smile and wink. She got off on shocking her mother and humiliating me at the same time.
I walked away from the guy I had just sucked off, wallowing his cum around in my mouth and savoring it as long as I could, using some of it for Chapstick. He drove away. I guess he got what he came here for.
I walked back to my truck, got in and took all my clothes off and started jerking off. Sucking that dick had made me horny as hell! It was almost dark by now. As I was absent mindedly naked and jerking off, a man walked up to my truck window and looked in. He watched me for just a second and then pulled out his flaccid cock and started stroking it right in front of me. He was about six inches while soft and not very big around. A 'pencil-dick'. Still, a cock is a cock, and it was much bigger than my own, so I can't complain.
I opened my truck door and the interior light lit us up really well in the dusky light of the waning daylight. Without a word I got on my knees and took his cock into my mouth. I was so quick to do so that it startled him, and he almost fell backwards. I grabbed his ass and pulled him back deep into my mouth. He started fucking my throat as he grew to much more than six inches long, but he never got thicker, much to my disappointment. But it did make him easier to deep throat. He came really quickly and straight down my throat. I never even tasted his cum. He held it deep down my throat until he finished cumming. He looked around while zipping up and then hurriedly walked away.
I closed the truck door and enjoyed the thoughts of the two cocks I had just sucked. I was a little disappointed that the second blowjob I gave was so quick that I didn't have any pictures to show Denise. I was now standing outside my truck totally naked in the woods right next to the narrow beach. With trepidation, I walked slowly out into the surf. There was something quite freeing and exhibitionistic about standing on the beach in the bright moonlight, totally naked, not but a few yards from the busy, and well lighted, Interstate 275. I took notice that not only was the moon lighting up my lily-white nudity, so were the streetlights from the interstate and the rest area. I really was quite visible to anyone who happened to glance in that direction.
I had sucked two guys already and I was totally naked in the moonlight.
I didn't see him approaching but another guy walked toward me from the woods. He was between me and my truck. I couldn't escape even if decided to. I was now totally naked and at his mercy. He walked with deliberation right up to me and started kissing me. Hard kissing! It was hot. He was much younger, taller and a lot stronger than me, muscular and in great shape. I don't kiss guys! I am NOT gay! I just like sucking cocks, nothing else. I was completely shocked at how excited it made me to be kissing this big strong man. My steel hard erection betrayed my sexual predisposition. There was no hiding it. I was still totally naked in the night lights.
He said, "I see you like cock. I've been watching you."
Before I could respond, he grabbed me by the back of the neck firmly with one hand and pulled out his cock with the other. He was already extremely hard, and his cock looked so very masculine and perfect. He bent me at the waist and forcefully pushed my head onto his cock and said, "Let's see how you like THIS cock, Bitch!"
I complied willingly. I remember thinking "This is a fat, beautiful cock! OMG, this is amazing!" And "DAMNIT! I don't have my camera to show Denise! She would like this guy!"
My mouth was totally full, all the way to my throat. As he roughly face fucked me, he reached across my back and grabbed my ass with two hands and pulled me deeper onto his cock. He was in my throat, and I was doing all I could to take him deeper and deeper, I totally wanted to satisfy this young man. Oh my, I do so love sucking hard young cocks!
Then, to my surprise, he deftly slid a wet, warm finger into my asshole. Then two. It was uncomfortable and erotic at the same time. I couldn't say anything to him because his cock was deep down my throat at this point. I tried to wriggle free, but he held me tightly in place.
He quickly jerked his cock out of my mouth, spun me around and rubbed his hard cock in the crack of my ass. I had never had anal sex performed on me before. He was behind me now as he rubbed his hard cock on my ass. He reached around and grabbed my chest and stood me up. Now he was pinching my nipples till they hurt with one hand and squeezing my balls with the other all the while humping against my ass and kissing and biting my neck. It all hurt so GOOD! His hand squeezing my balls harder now left no doubt who the alpha male was in this situation.
Suddenly he pushed me over forward and pressed his fat cockhead against my sphincter. He pressed and I tensed up and resisted. I said, "Hey Dude, I'll suck you all night, but I don't do this."
He wrapped his arms around my hips, holding me tight as he half laughed and half grunted, "You do now BITCH!"
He pressed his cockhead against my asshole again and said, "If you totally relax and reach back and spread your sweet cheeks, this will be a lot easier for you. 'Cause I don't give a fuck how bad it hurts you. That's up to you."
Out of sheer terror I did exactly as he said. Before I knew what was happening, his fat cockhead popped into my ass! It burned like hell, and I thought my sphincter had ripped.
He laughed and said "That was the hard part. Now relax and enjoy."
He started pushing more and more of his rock hard, fat cock into my ass. I swear his cock was getting fatter and harder as he went deeper into me. Finally, he was completely inside of me, and he stopped for just a second. He grunted and said, "Hold on Bitch! This is gonna be good, you're tight as fuck! DAMN you're a good piece of ass!"
He started pulling out and it felt like he was suctioning my bowels inside-out in slow motion. Little did I know that slow retreat was just to accentuate the ramming I was about to receive. The bastard slammed back into my ass driving it hard, fast, and deep until his balls smashed against my butt! Now I was bent over, broken down like a shotgun getting reloaded, standing with my hands on my knees trying not to fall over onto the wet beach sand as he was fucking me hard, fast, and deep on every stroke. Faster and faster, he pumped my virgin ass like a wild dog taking his "bitch."
As he grunted and I held on for dear life it occurred to me... "I'm being RAPED!" And I was! I was being raped on the beach, ankle deep in the Tampa Bay surf, in the otherwise romantic moonlight just after sunset when the moon is at its biggest and brightest. It was a warm, sexy, romantic setting, except for the fact that a fat hard cock was skewering my ass at this moment! I felt a moment of peaceful surrender. Was I actually enjoying this? Was I actually feeling something romantic? That couldn't possible be... I am NOT romantically attracted to guys!
My head was spinning. I was dizzy and I was powerless to do anything other than what my assailant demanded. I was helpless, but somehow the helplessness gave me permission to go with the flow, so-to-speak. After all, it wasn't my fault. He was making me do this. I had totally surrendered to the fact that he was big enough and strong enough to do whatever he was going to do and my best chance to suffer the least, was to do exactly what he said, "...relax and enjoy."
Somewhere during this violent fucking, I began to realize that this was beginning to feel really good! There was something about having my anal cavity completely filled by a real man's hard cock that was more exciting than I could have ever imagined. I knew it wasn't possible, but I really was beginning to "relax and enjoy" this. Women have told me that there is nothing quite like being completely filled and I was beginning to understand that that must feel like. And I LIKED it!!! Honestly, I was liking this a lot now! Should I dare even admit this to myself?
Bent over naked with my feet in the edge of the surf and getting totally FUCKED in the moonlight by a forceful young man... WOW! This was amazing! I was consciously and totally loving this right now! And why not? I didn't have a choice anyway. No guilt sex! I love it!
Suddenly there were car headlights shining on us. I was frozen in place as he kept on fucking me even harder. Then he lunged deep, and I could feel his cock throbbing as he came deep in my ass! The car headlights turned off. I was night-blinded by the lights. My new lover slammed my ass deep and hard about 5 more times before he rudely jerked it out of my ass! My asshole was instantly filled with a rush of cool air. I felt like the whole world could see straight up my gaping asshole at that moment. And quite frankly, I wouldn't mind if they did!
My beautiful young lover spun me around knocking me to my knees in the surf as he forcefully jammed his wet, sticky, hot cock into my mouth as he grabbed my head with both hands and grunted "Clean it all off of me you filthy old faggot!" Those words sounded like sweet nothings whispered in my ear by my newfound lover.
I dutifully and willingly sucked his cock clean. I could taste my ass and his cock and cum all mixed together. I intentionally swallowed all of it I could. I felt totally used and abused and strangely fulfilled. He took a step back, slapped his cock across my face a few times, zipped up and walked away, leaving me on my knees and ass in the water, totally naked in the moonlight trying to catch my breath and absorb what had just happened.
Then I heard his now familiar voice say "Go ahead. The Bitch is all yours now." I had forgotten about those headlights! Another voice replied, "Wow! Thanks man! Was that as good as it looked like it was?" His answer was "Maybe the best ass I ever had, man or woman!"
Hearing that, I was somehow very proud of myself now!
The new guy walked over to me and stood in front of me. I was still knelt down in the surf. I remember feeling the cool water lapping up into my still gaping asshole as he pulled out his stiff, but smaller cock, and planted it in my already open and willing mouth. I grabbed his ass with both hands and made him face-fuck me hard and fast. I took the opportunity to slip my wet index finger deep into his ass and before he knew what was happening, he was cumming in my throat! He tried to pull out, but I wanted it all! He let out a string of expletives as he finished cumming all over my face. I heard him mumble. "I didn't want to cum yet, but DAMN THAT WAS GOOD!" as he stumbled back to his car.
Once again, I was used and abused sitting naked in the surf with cum dripping from my asshole and all over my face. I watched him get into his car and turn it on. His is headlights lit me up. He turned them on bright and flashed them a couple of times.
He kept me lit up for several minutes. An exhibitionists dream come true! Anyone from a hundred yards away could have seen my naked ass on the beach! I leaned back on one hand, resting my ass on my heels in the water and started jerking off with my little dicklette standing proud from my naked silhouette, as if to say "Good night" to him and "HELLO" to everybody driving by. I heard horns blowing in the near distance. I could see the cars on I-275 slowing down and I wondered how well they could see me. What a sight I must have been. I hope a lot of people saw me that night. He finally drove away, and I was no longer "on stage."
I staggered naked back to my car about 50 yards away. I have often wondered just how many people saw our show that night. I wish I had a video of it. I wonder if anybody does.
When I got back home, I had to explain to Denise why I had been with several guys and only had pictures from the one. When I told her about sucking that cock that had just been up my ass, she smelled my breath and said "Well, well! I think you might be telling Neesie the truth this time!" She took my hand and led me upstairs to her bed. She ordered me to undress and get on my knees on her bed. She pulled out her ebony strap-on and slid it into my ass. She wriggled it around and when she pulled it out, a huge glob of cum fell onto the sheets.
"Oh, My Word! Look at that, you are telling the truth! At least I can watch this part. Wait right there while I get the camera."
She retrieved her cell phone and get the camera ready. Then she pushed the giant ebony strap-on back into my asshole. She was in awe of how much of it she could force into my anal cavity. When she pulled it out, she exclaimed "ON MY G....! Look how wide open! There's even more cum in there!"
Denise picked up the cum from the sheet and placed it on the head of her strap-on. Then she said "Open up, Sweetie" as she fed the cum covered rubber cock into my mouth.
She slid one end of it between her legs and fucked my mouth deep. I knew what to do. I sucked and licked all the juices off the rubber cock while she clicked away with the pictures.
"Next time be a good boy and take your own pictures. I will let you know when I show these to Mom. I want you to see her face right after I show them to her. OMG, you're getting hard now just thinking about it, aren't you!? The next time we go to The Pleasure Palace, I'm going to watch you get ass-fucked! You might as well be prepared for that! I'll take my own pictures there. We'll see how you like it when I show those to my mom and family...and who knows who else. I might even have to post that video on the internet like I did that set of cocksucking pictures from the first time. One thing is for sure, your ass is going to get used a LOT from now on!"
I assure you; I have given up this ass more than a few times since that night. I am jerking off right now just remembering that hot, steamy South Florida night.