A/N
As usual the only real character in this story is myself. In order to protect people I have in mind when thinking of these stories I tell as little as possible about their physical characteristics. It also helps the reader imagine more what the experience is like since I cannot actually see much of the people I interact with. Any similarities to real people in these stories are complete coincidence.
Enjoy and thanks for reading.
*****
In my fantasy...
It was a day people would describe as nice out if you enjoyed being outside. I thought it was just hot and Sunny and would have liked to stay in but my friend wanted to go to a strip mall nearby and I couldn't say no to her. It was hot, but I wanted to be pretty today so I wore a black T-shirt with a long skirt that had colorful patterns all the way down to it. The skirt was floor length and started just under my boobs and I was not wearing any panties because it was so long and it was hot outside.
When my friend got to me she hugged me and told me I looked cute and I returned the hug before getting in the car.
The mall wasn't the closest but it was only about an hour away so we had soon arrived. We had lunch at a Red Robin and then we started to walk around. Little did I know that shopping was the least exciting activity she had planned this trip...
As I have described the particular skirt I was wearing was very long and so it did not take much for it to touch the ground behind me. My friend went in to a game store first and went to the desk to ask about a game. I was standing right next to her and didn't notice her reach out with her foot and step on my skirt.
"Could you move a little to the left Ray?"
When I did that my skirt slipped and fell down forming a pool at my feet and leaving my entire lower half completely exposed. My friend pushed me a little and I tripped enough for her to pull the skirt from under my feet so I could not pull it back up.
She giggled and went about the store as if nothing had happened pretending like nobody in the store would notice my state of undress... I stayed close behind her trying to hide my growing erection and wondering if we would get arrested or thrown out of the store.
She bent down in front of me, pushing her butt against me and giggling at my erection. Suddenly I felt a hand on my butt and a low voice spoke.
"Excuse me can I look over your shoulder here." I moved a little, I don't like men or find them sexually attractive but the thought of letting them touch, finger or eat my ass does get me going and I did not push his hand away as it explored the crack of my tiny ass, rubbing my back door gently.
"They don't have anything interesting here Ray, let's go look for clothes." She put my hand on her elbow and guided me out of the store, still half naked...
It was the middle of the week and the middle of a hot day, so there weren't actually a lot of people at the Mall, which might have been why she chose today to play this game.
I think she wanted to make sure that guy didn't try anything she knew I didn't want and keep the game going which I appreciated.
The next store we went in was not likely to have a lot of Cis male shoppers and she wanted to have some more fun. When we got in she took me right up to a sales woman and stopped her.
"Excuse me, my friend seems to have forgotten to wear any bottoms, do you think you could help her out? I'm sure she'll do anything for you to hide her humiliation." The sales woman was laughing and could clearly see my friend still holding my stolen skirt and was eager to play our games.
"Let me see what I can do, what sort of bottoms are you looking for?"
"Oh something short or suggestive, my friend here is a real slut, she really likes to give peaks."
"Oh I can see that, I am sure we can find something suited to her tastes." The woman took us through rows of clothes finding small shorts and short skirts for me to try. All the skirts were too short to hide anything in the front with my erection and no panties and I couldn't wear shorts without tucking either but this didn't seem to concern the others.
"I think we will keep looking around, is there anything Ray can do to thank you for your time?"
"Nothing right now but how about I give you my number and we can arrange that later."
"Oh of course, hang on." My friend then bent me over the counter and spread my cheeks apart. The sales woman got the idea and wrote her number in my crack so my friend could read it later.
"One more thing before we go, do you have a panties section?"
"No, but I think I have something that will meet your friend's sense of taste." With that she pulled down her pants and backless panties and handed them to my partner in crime.
"Oh goody, she can still show off with these." She did not give me the panties though, just put them in her purse and guided me out of the store...
"Okay now I'm ready for a snack, let's go get some ice-cream." At this mall there was one of those stores with frozen ice cream balls not really ice-cream and she got a shake anyway but the staff thought my condition was just as funny as the last couple stores and soon enough we were at a table outside. My friend had me bent over the table and was taking pictures of me and periodically playing with my asshole. About ten minutes in she took a big sip of her shake, pushed her straw into my ass and spit the shake right into me, then sucked it back up. This, in combination with today's games made me cum quickly and all over the ground beneath the table and after wiping me clean with a napkin my friend gave me the sales woman's panties and we walked back to the car. On the way there we passed the game store and the man there was walking out.
"Hey there, do you like my friend's new panties?"
"Oh yes, very nice view."
"We are on our way back, why don't you give the view a quick kiss goodbye?"
I definitely did not want a kiss from this man but I soon realized that wasn't quite what my friend meant. The man got on his knees behind me and tongue kissed my asshole before patting my butt and walking off. My friend giggled and whispered in my ear: "Let's get to my car and I'll finish what he started."
But that may be a tale for another time...