My alarm woke me and after quickly rubbing one out I went to the bathroom and did my thing before putting on a dress and shoes and leaving to go to work. After a quick stop at a coffee shop I was soon walking into the shop with half a cup of coffee in my hand.
"Morning Sandra." Lisa said.
"Morning Lisa." I replied.
"You look a little tired Sandra, good night was it?"
"Yes it was actually, I went to a party and got fucked by 3 guys."
"Lucky you, I just had one fuck from my regular boyfriend, my days of jumping into bed with lots of different guys each night are gone."
"I bet that you could tell a few good stories Lisa."
"I probably could, and I still have a few wild times, times that you might enjoy as well Sandra."
"Tell me more."
Lisa didn't get the chance as one of the other girls arrived and we got started getting things ready.
I wore a loose fitting top and a very short skirt that day and I was eager to try bending over in front of any men that came in and when I saw any suitable candidates I 'accidentally' dropped some thing so that I had to bend over, either facing them or looking away from them. After I'd flashed the men I'd look at them to see their reaction. The ones who were standing right next to the girl they were with were the best, a mixture of guilt and pleasure on their faces.
Us girls played a few practical jokes on each other, including Bella pulling the changing room curtain back and exposing me to a man waiting for his girl. I did the same to her later on and we both had a good giggle about it.
Pete made another delivery and when the bell rang to let us know that he had arrived, Lisa sent me to open up and check the delivery. Pete was in a jovial mode and he pointed out a box of skirts that he said I might like. When I asked him why he thought that he suggested that I open the box and look at them.
He was right, when I held one up I saw that it was really short, only about 30 cm and the back and less than 20 at the front.
"You'll look great in that." Pete said. "Why don't you try it on?"
"What here, now?" I asked.
"Yeah, why not? No one can see you?"
"Apart from you Pete."
"I don't count, I'm only the delivery driver."
"Oh you count Pete, you're a man."
"And a man that appreciates a beautiful naked girl Sandra. Go on, it would be my tip for unloading the wagon for you, at other branches I wait for the staff to do it."
"But I'm not wearing any underwear Pete."
"I know Sandra, you keep bending over."
"You were looking? You naughty man."
Pete was smiling and I knew that I shouldn't really try any of the stock on right there in the loading bay, but hey, what harm could it do and we'd both get a thrill out of me stripping for him. I quickly looked around then unfastened the skirt that I was wearing and let it drop. As I stepped out of it Pete said,
"Wow Sandra, I bet that you never need to buy a drink when you go out."
I giggled a bit then waded through the box of skirts to find my size then turned to face Pete to put it on.
"I wish that my wife had a pussy like yours Sandra."
"Thanks Pete, I like it." I said as the skirt shimmied up my legs.
As the skirt got to where it was supposed to be I smoothed it down and checked my butt. As my hand slid off the hem my hand met my flesh right below my butt.
"I'd better not bend over wearing one of these." I said.
"Why not Sandra, you'd give every man in the room a hard-on if you did."
I giggled a little then moved my hand to the front and slid it down the front of the fabric. My fingers went off the hem and onto my bare pubis.
"I'd get arrested if I went outside wearing this." I said, "my pussy isn't covered."
"I doubt that you'd get arrested Sandra, no man in his right mind would arrest you. You look great even better if you took your top off."
"You want to see my tits Pete? You do know that they're only tiny."
"From what I've seen so far they are perfect Sandra, I love tits that just fill my hand and the hard nipples try to press a hole in my hand."
"What makes you think that my nipples are hard Pete?"
"Those bulges in front of your top Sandra. You're not trying to tell me that it's not your nipples that are making those are you?"
"No Pete they're all me. So do you really want to see them?"
"I'm a normal, healthy man Sandra, of course I do."
"Okay then."
I pulled my top up and off showing Pete my little tits.
"Perfect Sandra, just perfect, I love the ice cream cone shape and how they just sit there, they look as solid as traffic cones. Can I touch them please?"
"Sure, why not." I replied, in a nonchalant tone, not trying to let him know that they were begging for attention.
"Hmm, you have nice hands Pete, so gentle."
"Thanks, you like your nipples being teased then Sandra?"
"What girl doesn't?"
Pete kept teasing my nipples and my arousal level was increasing. Although it would have been nice to cum right then I didn't think that it was right so I stepped back and looked at Pete who had a nice smile on his face.
"So what else have you brought us Pete?" I asked.
"One thing that you girls here might like, the skirts in those boxes." Pete replied as he pointed to a couple of boxes.
"What's so special about these?" I asked as the still topless me opened one of the boxes.
"Pick one up and feel it."
I did and quickly realised that the skirts were made of some sort of very thin, silky material and were of a sort of skater style. There was a selection of colours as well as patterns, and they were very short but they were of equal length front and back, I wouldn't be showing anything just a long as I stayed stood up straight.
"Try one on Sandra, I'm sure that Lisa won't mind."
I looked for and pulled one out that was my size and it felt so light and slippery, if I wasn't gripping my hand it would surly have slid to the floor. I put it down and took off the skirt that I was wearing leaving me totally naked again. As I put on the different, silky, white, skater skirt it felt so nice as it slid up my legs.
"Perfect." Peter said as I stepped into the skirt then he said it again as the skirt slid up my legs.
"You look amazing Sandra." Peter again said.
And it felt amazing as well, I could feel it round my hips but below that I felt nothing, it felt like I was wearing just a lightweight belt. My mind suddenly went to wearing that skirt at the gym or at the track or even out jogging round the park or streets. It would definitely bounce around giving flashes of my butt and pussy. I had images crossing my brain of people seeing my goodies.
"Earth to Sandra." Pete said.
"What! Oh yes, sorry Pete I was just, well, daydreaming."
"I can imagine what." Pete said as I shook my head to bring me back to reality.
"I love coming to this branch, Lisa really does know how to pick cute staff."
"Pete, are you saying that some of the other girls strip off for you and try clothes on out here?"
"And more Sandra. Although it's usually just quickies. This is my favourite branch to deliver to."
"I can believe that." I replied as I put my top back on but left the silky skirt on because I wanted to show Lisa and Bella.
Pete's delivery was complete and I didn't think that I could justify being out there any longer so Pete shut the doors on his lorry and I lowered the shutters. Just as I was starting to go back to the shop Lisa came in and said,
"Oh, you're done, Pete didn't try to rape you then Sandra?"
"It wouldn't have been rape Lisa, hey, have you seen these new skirts, I tried one on, I hope that you don't mind."
"Of course not, and I doubt that Pete minded either."
"No he didn't, feel this fabric, so soft, and in this design I can hardly feel it below my waist."
"Keep it on if you like Sandra, you will attract a few men like that and they'll try to talk their partners into getting one, can you put out some of the new stock please Sandra, it won't sell stuck in boxes back here."
I moved the boxes and racks to their proper place which meant bending over slightly and Lisa said,
"You do know how much you are showing Sandra? You're quite wet you know."
"I know, since I came to uni I can't stop thinking about sex, I just want to show my body to the whole world and fuck as many men as I can."
"I'm sure that you're not the first girl to feel that once she's escaped the confines of living with her family. You enjoy yourself whilst you can, you're only young once."
"True, and I don't want to grow old. I look at some of the old biddies walking around and I hate the thought of looking like they do."
"Don't even think about it Sandra, as you get older your opinions change. Live for today and worry about tomorrow tomorrow. Tell you what, keep that skirt, I'll log it as promotional stock."
"Thank Lisa, you're not so bad for an oldie."
"Hey, a little less of the oldie Sandra."
"Just Kidding Lisa, you're like a twenty year old to me."
"Thanks, back to work before I need to punish my lazy staff."
"Promises, promises." I replied.
The rest of the day was good, working there is like 50% fun and 50% working whilst daydreaming and trying to think of places to go and things to do that can get my naked body seen. Just seen, I don't particularly want to talk to any of the people looking.
I did however, have to talk to some of the customers and it felt nice feeling like I was bottomless whilst I talked. I saw a couple of male partners looking at me which made me happy. I also gave a couple of them a show as they waited at the entrance to the changing rooms, I'm getting so forgetful about closing the curtain whilst I try something on. I think that that forgetfulness is a disease that affects all the staff there because I walked into the changing room area a couple of times and saw Bella naked once as she tried on a dress and Charlotte was showing her bare butt to both a man and me as I passed her.
As I was putting the skirts that are shorter at the front than at the back on the racks, Lisa asked me to put one on one of the mannequins in the front window. As I was doing that, and bending over, I knew that the silky, white, very short skirt was ending half way up my bare butt and that and my pussy would be on display to people walking by, but I just ignored them.
As I put the skirt on the mannequin I kept adjusting where it rested, or put another way, how much of the plastic pubis was showing. I finally left it with just a hint of flesh coloured plastic showing to anyone who was standing a couple of metres from it. I knew that my brain was thinking where I could lower and raise the height to show more of me and if my brain was doing that I was sure that a lot of other girls brains would be doing the same thing. I realised that if I got one the right size I could easily pull it up a bit to display my slit or I could pull it down a bit to cover my slit dependent on where I was. I decided that I was going to buy one just as soon as I had the money.
When it came to the end of the day I went to the office to change back into my skirt and collect my bag. Lisa was there and as I started taking the white, silky skirt off Lisa came in and said,
"Don't bother changing Sandra, you can have that skirt. You wearing clothes like that is attracting business, I noticed 3 couples come back here more than once today and the man staring at your legs and butt as you keep leaning over a bit. All good for business, keep it up."
On the way home I could feel very gentle tugs of the skirt as it bounced up and down as I walked. The faster I walked the more bouncing and tugging I felt. I wondered if it was bouncing high enough for people to see my slit and butt. I looked around at the other people but none of them seemed to be looking at me.
One thing that I did daydream about that afternoon was that top that I wore out the previous Sunday, that really was a huge turn-on. The opportunity to wear that top came that evening when I got back to my residence building. Two of the girls and one of the boys that I share a group of rooms with had decided to have a party at our place. It would have been difficult for me to shun it, and it would have been very anti-social, not that that part would really bother me except that I have to live with these 5 people at least until the next summer.
As Lizzy (flatmate) was telling me I tried to think of a good excuse but then thought,
"Hell, it's about time that these guys got a taste of the real me, I'll be at the party, as me not Suzie, but I will wear just that top. If this lot haven't already seen my tits and pussy they're in for a treat tonight. It will be slutty Sandra not slutty Suzie that my flatmates saw."
I dumped my bag then went back out to get some booze. I wasn't going to get drunk but I was hoping that most of the other party-goers would. Then I got myself something to eat followed by a shower and a quick check that no ugly hairs had sprouted since my full shave below my neck that morning. A quick tidy-up then putting on that top and I was ready.
None of my flatmates had seen me when I went out that previous Sunday so none of them had seen just how little of me the top covered. As soon as Geoff (flatmate) saw me he said,
"Wow Sandra, that's one hell of a dress, you look, like, amazing, I never realised that you looked so good."
"Thanks Geoff." I replied and looked down to my chest to check that neither of my nipples had escaped, they hadn't.
I got appreciative looks and comments from my other male flatmates Andy and Zack. Emily, my other female flatmate asked me if I was on the pull. I replied that I'd see if any cute guys turned up.
When I went into the kitchen area I saw a small mountain of booze and I wondered if I'd be able to stay sober, especially as Zack put a glass of vodka in my hand saying,
"May as well get off to a good start."
I sipped a little then when no one was looking, emptied the glass into the sink and filled it with water. As I walked back to the communal area I saw that a couple more guys had arrived and Zack was introducing them to everyone. When they got to me one of them said,
"Wow Zack, I think that we're going to have to play a few party games later."
"Leave Sandra alone Luke, she's a bit shy."
"She doesn't look at tall shy to me mate." Luke replied.
I smiled then quickly turned to the right to see what had caused the noise that I heard. It was nothing but I felt my left nipple escape but didn't look down to check. Instead I looked at Zack, Luke and Ash and saw that all 3 of them were staring at my chest.
"So," I asked, "are you 3 all on the same course then?"
It was a couple of seconds before Ash answered without his eyes raising from my left, very hard and tingling nipple.
"Err yeah, do you know, err, no, I mean err, where did you say you came from Sandra?"
"I didn't Ash, I live in a room just down there now." I replied pointing towards where my room was.
Zack was the next to say something,
"Err Sandra, can I have a word with you in the kitchen area please?"
With that he took my right hand and almost pulled me away from his mates. A few steps later he turned to face me and said,
"Sandra, you've had a sort of wardrobe malfunction, your left tit is showing, I just thought that you'd want to know."
"Thanks Zack," I replied, looking down then adjusting my 'dress' to cover my nipple. "This dress has a habit of doing that and my damned nipples stop it from sliding back. I don't know why I wear it, it's been causing 'wardrobe malfunctions' as you call them ever since I bought it. It's a bit too short as well, you will tell me if my pussy is showing when I sit down won't you?"
"Sure." Zack obviously lied, then added, "can I get you another drink?"
"Please, that vodka was nice."
I watched as Zack filled my glass with vodka then handed it back to me.
"So Sandra, we never see much of you, you seem to spend all your time in your room. You should come out and socialize with the rest of us."
"Aren't you seeing enough of me right now Zack?"
"Well you're not leaving much to our imagination Sandra and we've noticed that you always wear very short skirts and all your tops seem to be a bit like that dress that you've nearly got on right now."
"I like to dress this way, I'm not ashamed of my body even if my tits are quite small."
"And so you shouldn't be, there are too many girls around that dress like nuns."
"Don't girls wear next to nothing when they go clubbing?" I asked.
"Quite a few do, have you never been clubbing Sandra?"
"No, never fancied it. Too much noise and guys trying to get into girl's knickers, if they are wearing any that is, I hear that knickers aren't as popular as they used to be."
"I wouldn't know Sandra, I've never seen up a girl's skirt or had my hands up there?"
"Yeah right, do you really expect me to believe that Zack, what about that girl I saw you with the other afternoon? You seemed to be very handsy with her."
"Okay you got me. Are you wearing any knickers Sandra?"
"You can't go asking a girl that Zack."
"Why not? If I have a bet with Andy or Geoff about wearing any will you prove it for us?"
"Zack, have you seen how short this dress is? If I sit down or fall over everyone in the room will know if I'm wearing any."
"I can't wait, would you like another drink Sandra?"
"Go and talk to your mates Zack, tell them that you've just seen most of one of my tits, that's what you guys talk about isn't it?"
"Can I have another look?"
"Fuck off Zack. You're harassing me."
Zack put his hands up to surrender, then with a pouting face he turned and went over to his mates. I took the opportunity to replace the vodka in my glass with water and as soon as I turned from the sink Emily was came up to me. I wondered if she'd seen what I'd just done.
"Hey Sandra, how's it going?"
"Hey, okay thanks, is Zack always that forward, he just asked me if I was wearing any knickers."
"He should have been standing where I was before I came over here then he wouldn't have needed to ask. I love your dress Sandra but isn't it a bit too much for here?"
"Do you think so? Do you think that anyone here minds, I could go and change or I could just take it off and be naked."
"You do whatever you want Sandra. I don't mind and I'm sure that Lizzy won't. There's supposed to be some more girls coming but who cares what they think. Would you really strip naked and let everyone see you Sandra?"
"It wouldn't bother me, I'm used to people seeing me naked."
"Have you got a part-time job at a strip club or something? I hear that quite a few girls do that to pay their way through uni."
"No, I work on a Thursday afternoon and a Saturday in a clothes shop in the shopping centre but a strip club could be a lot of fun. How about you Emily. Do you work in a strip club?"
"Hell no, I could never do that?"
"Who not, you've got the body for it, not that I've seen all of your body Emily."
"Not likely to either, I'm way too shy for that but I have no problems with other girls showing their tits and pussies if that's what they want to do. I hear that quite a few girls get turned on by guys seeing them naked, do you?"
"Actually, yes I do, when a guy stares at my pussy or tits I get all excited."
"Well if you loose that dress then disappear with a guy we'll all know what you're doing."
"Would that be a problem to you or Lizzy?"
"Hell no, we've both brought guys back to our rooms and I'm pretty sure that all of the 3 guys have brought girls back here as well. That one of the things that's expected of uni students."
"I might just do that Emily."
"Just don't drink too much of that vodka first, you want to remember what you get up to."
I took a large sip of the vodka (water) and said that I might be well on my way to having too much already.
"Do you want me to come and rescue you if I see you going off with a guy Sandra?"
"Nope, thanks but I can take care of myself, I'm quite good at the Karate chops."
"Let me get you a soft drink Sandra then come and sit with Lizzy and me."
Emily did get me a cola and I watched her all the time to make sure that she didn't add anything else, then we went and sat next to Lizzy who chased a guy away.
As I flopped down onto the sofa and left my legs uncrossed I knew that anyone who cared to look could see my bald pussy. I also looked at my top to see if my nipples were covered and was surprised to see that they both were, just.
"Hi Lizzy." I said.
"Hey Sandra, Emily says that you wouldn't mind if I was naked, is thar right?" I slurred a little.
Lizzy laughed a little then replied,
"No I wouldn't mind Sandra. You're not used to alcohol are you?"
"Wha makes you say that?"
"You're a bit pissed aren't you Sandra?"
"No I'm not, I'm a sober as I've ever been. Do you want me to walk in a straight line to prove it?"
"No, that won't be necessary Sandra."
"Hey Lizzy, how's it going?" A male voice said.
I looked up then turned to see who the voice belonged to. It belonged to another guy and looking round I saw that quite a few strangers were now in the room and the voice guy and another guy next to him were both looking down at me and my left nipple that I felt come uncovered when I turned to see who the voice belonged to.
"Good thanks Leo. Who's your friends?"
"This is Hunter, I hope that you didn't mind me bringing him along?"
"No, the more the merrier." Lizzy said as she got to her feet. "
"This is Emily and Sandra, Sandra's had a bit too much to drink."
"I'm fine." I said, looking up at the 2 pairs of male eyes that were looking down and my pussy and tit. "Just give me a minute and I'll gerrup and talk to you."
"That's okay Sandra," the Hunter guy said, "you stay there, I'll come and talk to you down there, I think that Leo wants to talk to Lizzy anyway."
Hunter sat next to me and I turned to look at him and realised that my other nipple had just escaped. He started talking and asking me the usual sort of small talk questions, all whilst looking at my nipples and my crotch because I'd let my knees drift apart a bit so that he could see my pussy. The people stood in front of us could also see the same things and I was getting a little excited as I looked around and saw them looking at me.
Hunter was making progress in hitting on me and I so wanted him to put his hand between my thighs but short of grabbing his hand and putting it on my pussy it wasn't going to happen, he just wasn't that forward or brave.
Anyway, after a while someone turned up the music and I thought that it would be an opportunity to show some more skin so I turned to Hunter and said,
"I wanna dance, will you help me gerrup?"
With one hand on the sofa and the other on Hunter's knee, I slowly started to raise myself up, only to deliberately flop back down again. I did the same again then said,
"Will you give me a push please?"
The next time I raised myself up I deliberately leaned forward more knowing that the back of my 'dress' would go up above my bare butt.
"Push." I said and then I felt a hand on my bare butt, not exactly pushing, more of to stop me from flopping down again. I raised myself just a little so that there wasn't much pressure from the hand and waggled my butt a little which caused the hand to move slightly between my butt cheeks and lower than it had before. The fingers were soo close to my wet pussy.
"That's nice," I said, "but push it in, I mean push me up."
Hunter did push his finger inside my wet hole, but just a quick in and out before he pushed me up so that I was on my feet but still bent over a bit. I knew that Hunter and maybe a few more people, could see my bare butt and pussy but at that moment I was more interested in the people in front of me.
"Warra you looking at?" I asked nobody in particular.
A couple of guys and 1 girl looked away but 1 guy said,
"You're tits are on display."
"So what, you've all seen tits before haven't you." I replied.
"Not like those," the guy replied.
"Was wrong with 'em?" I asked as I bunched the fabric between my tits letting everyone around have a good look at my tiny ice cream cones.
"Absolutely nothing," the guy replied, "they're perfect."
"Yeah, they are aren't they." I replied. "You wanna better look?"
I didn't wait for an answer as my hands went to the hem of my 'dress', and pulled it up and off leaving me stood there in just my shoes. As I threw the 'dress' back onto the sofa I said,
"There guys, ave a good look at 'em."
I stood there pushing my chest out and looking down at my miniature traffic cones with their hard nipples on the ends of them that looked to be the size of the tips of my middle fingers.
"Cool aren't they?" I asked no one in particular.
"They certainly are." Geoff said, "you should leave them on display like that for everyone to see Sandra."
"Bur I aven't gor a skirt or a dress on, nor even any knickers. People will be able to see my pussy."
"Oh don't worry about that Sandra," Zack replied, "no one will mind, will we guys?"
There was a small chorus of guys sating that they didn't mind and I thought that I heard a girl's voice in there, saying that she didn't mind so I replied,
"Are you sure cos I wouldn't want to upset anyone."
"We're sure." Zack replied, "why don't you dance with those girls over there Sandra."
"Okay." I replied and walked over to them.
Lizzy was one of the girls and when she saw me she said,
"You okay Sandra?"
"Yeah, never been better."
Which wasn't quite true, but being the only one naked at that party was certainly up there with the best times that I'd ever had.
As I danced, slowly, I looked around and saw that quite a few people were staring at me and that just made me more horny. I wanted to be fucked, even right there in front of everyone but that was probably out of the question. The next best thing was something that I'd sworn I would never do, take a guy back to my room. I had promised myself that it would always be the guy's room that I went to so that I could sneak out so that I didn't have to face him when he woke up.
A few minutes later I noticed a couple of new male faces arrive, and they quickly noticed the naked girl dancing. Within minutes they were both dancing in front of me and trying to hit on me.
One of them put his hands out in front of him like he wanted to hold my hands so I put my hands on his. Before I knew it he had pulled me on to him and his hands were on my bare back. I giggled and said,
"What are you doing?"
"Dancing with you, what's your name naked girl."
"Oh, okay," I replied as I felt his hands slide down my back to my butt, "but I'm not called naked girl.
As he squeezed my bare butt I let out a little moan which he must have heard. My body went a bit limp then I heard Lizzy say,
"We'll take over from here mate, Sandra has obviously had too much to drink."
Then I felt arms pick me up. I looked at the face of the person who was holding me and saw that it was Geoff.
"Relax Sandra," Geoff said, "we'll take you to your room so that you can sleep it off."
I smiled then closed my eyes.
I could feel the slight bouncing as Geoff carried me to my room and put me down on my bed.
"Sandra," Lizzy said. "what do you wear for bed?"
"Nothing." I replied.
Then I felt a sheet being pulled from under me them put over me. Then they were gone.
The first thing that I did was kick the sheet off, then I went and quietly opened my door. I could see some of the partying people and I knew that they'd all have to go passed my room to leave so I left the door about 20 cm open then went and lay on my back on the bed. I shuffled a bit and checked that my torso would be visible if anyone looked in then my right hand went to my pussy. It was still soaking and tingling a bit so my fingers made that bit of tingling a lot of tingling.
The orgasm soon came and as I was coming down from my high I heard some male voices outside my door.
"It's that Sandra chick, she's passed out on her bed."
"Let me look."
"Is she out cold?"
"Probably, she was so pissed when she at the party, No girl would strip naked and dance with everyone looking at her."
"She does have nice tits, and did you see her clit? Man what I couldn't give to have a chew on that."
"Why don't you? She's out cold. They say that a girl can cum in her sleep so why don't you try to prove it?"
"She might wake up."
"Unlikely but we can just say that we came to check that she was okay, she's too pissed to know that we weren't."
"Go on then, get inside and shut the door before anyone else comes along."
"We could all gang-bang her if they did."
"Is 2 people fucking her a gang-bang?"
"I don't know, but I sure as hell ain't going to worry about what it's called."
The next thing I heard was my door quietly shutting. I so wanted to open my eyes and see who the 2 guys were but I didn't want to risk them seeing them open. Then, through my closed eyelids, I saw a few camera flashes.
"Material for the spank bank guys." I thought.
Then I felt a hand on one of my bare tits.
"These are solid mate, just like that one I nicked the other night but not a big or the same colour."
"That doesn't surprise me, they were sticking out so proud, not a hint of sag. Move down a bit so that I can grab the other one."
"Go round the other side of the bed then we can both get at her at the same time."
"We shouldn't really be doing this mate, it's probably classed as sexual assault."
"Is she complaining?"
"No, moaning a bit but not complaining."
"There you go then, she's enjoying it."
"If only he knew how much." I thought as another moan escaped from my mouth caused by the nipple rubbing and flicking.
"Are you going to eat her out then mate, cos if you aren't I am."
"I am. Just sampling the rack before enjoy the taste."
A second later I felt my legs being pulled wider apart, then I saw more camera flashes.
"I'm going to upload these onto that porn site we found yesterday."
"Aren't you supposed to have the girl's permission for that?"
"How are they going to know that I haven't."
I really wanted to tell him that he had my permission but I didn't open my mouth, well not straight away, until I felt what I just knew was the tip of a cock pressing on my mouth lips and the tip of the other guy's tongue pressing open my pussy lips.
I was in heaven as the cock in my mouth started going in and out and the tongue starting to tease my clit, and I felt a finger invade my vagina.
I held out as long as I could but the squirt of male cum down my throat triggered the overdue orgasm and my body started shaking. The tongue did it's best to keep tormenting my pussy but my hips going up and down made it difficult for it.
As my body started to relax the tongue disappeared and I felt the tip of another cock as it started to invade my hole. I couldn't feel a condom but there was no way that I could just say,
"Hang on minute guys, before you fuck the sleeping beauty can you just put a condom on."
So I just let the guy get on with it and hoped that he didn't have anything nasty. I had started coming down from my high but the owner of the cock knew how to fuck a girl properly and I was soon back up there, especially when I felt a warm blast of cum shooting inside me.
"Wow, this girl really does cum in her sleep, that's twice now." I heard one of the guys say as the waves started to recede.
"Come on mate, my turn in her hole." I heard.
Then after a couple of seconds of nothing a wet semi invaded my mouth and I felt my legs being lifted up, closely followed by the other cock ramming into my hole. It entered me so fast and hard that I let out a muffled grunt.
Both cocks then pounded me until all 3 of us had cum again then there was silence and no movement for any of us for quite a few seconds. Then I heard the sound of jeans being pulled up and zips being zipped up.
"Are you going to take more photos?" I heard.
"Yeah, a well fucked pussy always makes a good shot."
"What about a red butt?"
"They do as well, are you going to spank her?"
"Yeah, why not, she's out cold and I'd love to see her face when she looks at her painful butt in the morning and tries to remember how it got like that."
"That would be funny but won't spanking her wake her up?"
"I don't know, I guess that there's only one way to find out."
"Okay then."
I started to panic a bit then, I'd never been spanked before so I didn't know what it would be like, except that I expected it to hurt; but I didn't want to suddenly 'wake up' and tell them to piss off so I decided to just let them do whatever and see how it went.
The images of a girl being spanked that came into my mind were of a girl over a man's lap and her skirt being lifted then her getting spanked but that's not what happened, I felt hands on my ankles then my legs being lifted, spread wide and them being put down on the bed beside my head.
"Good job that I'm flexible." I thought.
Then I saw more camera flashes and heard,
"Hold her ankles as wide apart as you can mate."
Well his 'wide apart as you can' wasn't as wide as my legs would go so I could easily keep my legs in that position and the hands holding my ankles didn't have to do much work.
Then it was more camera flashes and wondered if the photos of my spread pussy with male cum seeping out of it would end up on the internet.
After a few seconds of silence the first swat landed on my butt. It caught me by surprise but I managed to not react at all and just lay there.
"Well that didn't wake her so I guess we can have a bit of spanking fun." One of the guys said.
Swat after swat landed on my butt cheeks and somehow I managed to not cry or even flinch. I guessed that Karate had taught me more than just how to put a man in hospital, but one thing that I did notice was that when each swat landed a bolt of electricity, or something, went from my butt to my clit and there was just the first feeling of an orgasm building when the swats stopped.
"There, nice and red." One of the guys said, "that should stay red for a couple of days."
Then I felt my legs being lowered to the bed then the sound of my door slowly opening. One minute later everything was quiet and when I opened my eyes I was alone in my room.
"Well," I thought, "that's one way to not have to wake up next to a drunk guy and tell him that you don't want to see him again."
I lay on my bed and the fingers of my right hand were still toying with my clit when I went to sleep.
*****