Margo Needy lay amid a cluster of testosterone. After finally letting her four tenants get their way, having gangbanged her most of the night, she awoke numb. Snoring young nineteen years old's Cabot, Brian, Heath, and Eric spent long hours fucking the holy hell out of MILF Margo. Her careful game of don't tell the others now over she herself smiled faintly. She had wanted this all along, building on the outcome by antagonizing each of them, while goading them into keeping quiet. From here on out she would have a steady regiment of sex to keep her happy. So what was making Margo ever so slightly tense?
"That was incredible." She lay in Cabot's armpit not wanting to wake any of them, her mind full of positive thoughts. Light caresses over Cabot's chest gave her goosebumps. At her back lay beautiful Brian, his dick still mighty even in his slumber, pressing against her ass. At her feet Heath and Eric in a strange fetal combination in order for all of them to remain in her bed. The entanglement sent a sensation of contentment which was almost euphoric. How much longer could she lay there? She needed to stretch, not to mention go pee.
Another five minutes of stewing over her confinement, she slithers from Cabot's arm and gradually attempts an escape. No matter what, she had little choice but to crawl over Cabot to get out of bed. Doing so was awkward. In laying atop Cabot she stopped and sighed. Kissing his chest she lingered a bit, this was just too cozy.
Ending her tenderness she abandons the boys and stands next to her bed. Eying each young man's cock while they slept so soundly, it made her shiver.
"How lucky am I?" She nibbled a fingernail lightly so as not to chip it. "Now that everyone knows the truth, things can progress without lies. When everyone starts their day I'll call a family meeting, get everything out into the open better. Shit! I agreed to no boundaries. Can I realistically live by that? I can't live 24/7 nude, can I? As intriguing as the notion was, she liked wearing skimpy clothing. A compromise would need to be discussed. For now, a shower was sorely needed, almost her entire body was sticky from dried cum. Her pussy reeked of orgasm after orgasm. Margo needed to feel clean, even if for only a few hours. She knew they would take her again before the day was out. Each of them had a job thankfully, which would give her room to breath. Of course, at least one of them would likely be home at any given day.
Stepping softly, she goes into her bathroom and begins to shut the door. Suddenly, she recalled her promise to Brian about always leaving her doors open. Grinning at her commitment she opened the door wide and moved to take a seat on her toilet to pee. From her flush she stepped to her shower and started the water, giving it time to heat up. In that moment she looked at herself in the mirror to witness her overnight appearance. Her hair was a whirlwind mess, make up sloppy, mascara tearing down her cheeks. It wasn't often that she ever looked this horrid.
"I guess I better get used to looking like this. With my money woes makeup might be the least of my worries. I look good without make up on thankfully. I suppose on occasion I can use some of their rent money on my necessities. With the taxes every year being ungodly, I'll need almost every penny they give me."
Her thoughts following her into the shower she shuts the door, then pauses halfway, "Should I leave this door open too? No, that's just silly, I'll ruin the bathroom floor." Door hissed shut she begins her cleansing. The hot water felt wonderful.
As she sealed her eyes to enjoy the cascade for a moment, she hears the sound of loud pissing in the toilet. Smiling to herself she kept her eyes shut. As the pissing stopped her shower door slid open. Challenging herself not to look to see who it was, she allowed whomever was joining her to enter and close the door. Moving behind her she felt mighty hands squeezing her shoulders. Lips moving in to kiss her neckline.
"Mmmmm!" She enjoyed his lips. After a minute of joyous kisses a loofah is soaped up and her back is washed. "Oh my God! I love this." She keeps her emotions to herself as the loofah sponges her entire backside clean. From there, whomever was bathing her hands the freshly soaped loofah to her and makes her clean her front. As she takes over the man massages her hair under the waterfall from the showerhead. Shampoo added, he rubs it in and strokes her hair thoroughly. "I could get used to this." She smiles and plays with a nipple. Hair rinsed well, conditioner is applied for a similar cleansing massage. Once finished, strong hands turn her around to face her assistant. The loofah reclaimed, a secondary sponge bath soaps her tits and belly all over again. Soft dabs along her pussy gives her sensations of intimate lust. Feeling her partner kneel, she discovers lips kissing her clitoral area. She had to hold herself up with both hands one on the wall next to her and the other against the shower door.
"MMMMMM! That feels sooo good." Two minutes later she cums at his lips and tongue alone. Warm kisses rise up her tummy, over her tits, to find a home on her throat. Her supporting hands swarm around his shoulders, then neck. By his build she surmised it was Heath. She resisted looking for certain, and merely fantasized about this kind of treatment on a daily basis.
As the water began to cool they both shivered. Shower knobs tightened they lingered there kissing. Certain in her soul that it was Heath Talbot she recalled forcing him to keep his eyes closed the other day. Maybe that was why she was returning the favor. Kisses ending, her suiter eases the door open and reaches for a towel hanging next to the shower. Dabbing her dry from head to toe he ventures to wrap it around her, then kisses her one last time before taking his leave. Silence except for a squeaking noise gave her the chills. The second they fade she sighs and opens her eyes. On the steamed over mirror she discovered a heart traced into it. A thin smile led her into glee. She was loved.
Drying effectively she primped, then risks waking everyone with her blow dryer. During her tornado of heat, Brian Hancock walks in and leans against the sink next to her watching. She eyes him only in the mirror as he rubs his chin looking her over. Nodding at her persistent beauty he merely stands up straight and kisses her shoulder before towering over her toilet and taking a leak right in front of her. No words exchanged he washes his hands and dries them on her worn towel. She tried not to giggle, managing more of a sigh. Taking his leave she finished her hair.
Deciding to leave the bathroom for her bedroom she discovers only Eric left on her bed. He was awake and sitting up stretching. She ignored him verbally, but smiled with glistening eyes. Stepping to her underwear drawer to decide on the daily choices she just couldn't make up her mind. Eric seeing her loitering, stands up and moves in behind her. Directly pressed against her she felt his beastly cock, rock hard against her clothed over ass. After leering over her shoulder, Eric reaches his left arm around hers to pinch a lavender lace thong. Showing it to her she feels his opposite hand drag her towel off, falling to their feet. Kneeling behind Margo as she peered down to watch his tenderness, he encourages her to place her feet one by one into her panties, then guiding them up between her thighs. Before standing up he kisses her ass, with lips moving to her spine, passionate pecks were felt all the way up her back. She was marveling at all of their gentle attentions. Calm before the storm?
As Eric stood his dick pressed against her again making her hold her breath. As her hands gravitated toward the matching bra he reaches back around and closes the drawer slowly informing her that her thong was enough. She couldn't agree more. Taking his own leave he goes to his room for another hour nap before having to get ready for work. Once alone Margo felt a loss. This was the first time in a very long while that she had the freedom to roam her home in only a thong. It felt strange. Even stepping into the hallway gave her goosebumps. Almost as if expecting her son Elliot to barge out of his room catching her.
Heading downstairs with a bit of shyness she caught a whiff of food. "Something smells delicious." Tiptoeing to the kitchen she finds Cabot making pancakes. Thankfully, he was wearing cut off sweats. Pubes in her food did not sound good at all.
"Work up an appetite?" She eases next to him giggling.
He flips a pancake over with his spatula then acknowledges her. "My treat. Last night was fucking awesome. You were so into us."
"I miss sex. Now that everyone has had me, I think it's time we all sat down and told each other the truth. Don't you? Unless of course you blabbed long ago."
"Never said a word. Hardest week I've ever had. We did tell each other last night during switching off. No shocker now." He pats his dick in front of her laughing.
"How did I miss hearing that?"
"I wonder little Mrs. Screamer?" He chuckles.
"True. I do tend to lose my mind. Keep this...," She pats his dick right after he removes his hand, "...hard at all times."
"I'm gonna love living here. Fuck you're amazing." He snatches her waist and yanks her close to kiss her hard on the lips. She forced his lips to stay around a bit until the scent of burning pancake broke their engagement. She laughed as he swept it up and placed it on a platter.
"I should leave the Chef alone I guess."
"Not yet." He reaches for a syrup bottle and pops the lid. Drawing her closer he dribbles a droplet over each nipple as she tenses up, smiling vividly. Before even setting the bottle down his mouth swallowed her right nipple. Gathering the syrup on his tongue he swiftly moved to her other nipple doing the same. Once suckled he moves back to kiss her lips again, sharing in his maple taste. She loved this playfulness. Of course, now her nipples were sticky. She might need another mouth or three to remedy that.
"I'm so glad I let you boys move in."
"I'll keep the peace, make sure everyone pays you on time. As much as we lust for you, we all do wanna make sure you don't lose this place."
"Thank you. I need all the help I can get."
"We do have ideas on how to make things easier."
"Oh? That Bed & Breakfast idea? I do like the thought, I actually plan on checking into that possibility."
"For starters, I'm not certain what kind of legalities, codes and stuff we would need to make it an official Bed & Breakfast. Unless we do it on the sly."
"We can discuss that further down the road. I need to think more about how to achieve that goal. As fun as it sounds I like my privacy. Abandoning that might take some getting used to."
"Understood. I see you broke the no boundaries rule and wore a thong." He adds more batter to the skillet as she turns on the exhaust fan.
"Eric chose it for me. At least I only wore the thong."
"You don't always need to be naked. It was just us taking control of you last night."
"I liked that. Losing control is such a turn on."
"Yeah, but you sure put on a good act for everyone."
"No more acts after last night. I absolutely agree to no boundaries. Seeing all of you naked will be fun. I want all four of you to crave me."
"Oh, expect us to fuck you silly MILF." He chuckles.
"Can't wait. I'll never deny any of you."
Brian breaks the moment having snuck up behind her and slapping her ass hard.
"OWWWW!" She yelps looking at Brian, "Don't scare me like that."
"You liked it."
"I did. Now kiss my boo boo."
Dropping low he does just that, then spreads her ass cheeks and thong band to lick her ass. She fell forward against Cabot whimpering as Brian's tongue wiggles inside her butt pucker. Moaning she trembled like a leaf. Thirty seconds later Brian bites her left cheek and stands up grinning. A swift grip over her damp hair, he yanks her toward him and kisses her hard on the lips. Margo Needy stood breathless.
"She for breakfast?" Bri laughs.
"Putting her on the menu."
"Good deal. All you can eat for under a buck."
"I love you boys."
"MEN!" They inform her.
"Yes...MEN!"
Heath joins them hovering over the pancakes before stealing another kiss from Margo. "I'm starving." He too wore sweats but with no shirt.
"I snacked on her asshole. Tastes great." Brian brags.
"I snacked on her pussy in the shower. I'm good for now."
"I knew it was you. I kept my eyes closed for a reason." She winks.
"What am I missing?" Brian leers at Heath.
"AT BREAKFAST." Margo palms Heath's mouth. "Help me set the dining room table." She steals him away to get utensils and plates. As they did Brian looks over at Chef Cabot.
"She's in Heaven now." Brian smirked, "Four big dick boyfriends tearing that shit up."
"We can have our fun, but let's try our best to keep her life happy outside of just sex. Pay your rent on time. No screwing this up for any of us okay?"
"Yeah! I get it. You don't have to be our babysitter Bro."
"Not trying to be. I just wanna live here a good long time."
"Me too. As far as I'm concerned Margo's my bitch for the next twenty years. I bet she still looks yummy in her 50's."
"Our bitch." Cabot agreed, "Let's just enjoy her as long as we can, and see how wild we can make her."
"Off to a good start, we gangbanged her hard last night. I knew we would wear her down." Both having fucked her earlier in the week made them smug. Brian felt compelled to break the news last night, but found out the hard way that he wasn't top dog. He was happy coming in second.
"Take the butter and syrup to the dining room. Two more hotcakes and I'll bring in the platter."
"Glad you cook Bro."
"Somebody has too. I definitely don't want Margo thinking she's our cook, maid, and slut. All I want from her is sex, and looking pretty."
"You know we could make her do all that right?"
"Probably, but we're not gonna abuse her. The better we treat her the more she's gonna like us living here."
"I'll treat her like a Goddess. Slut on the weekend though. Maybe every other day."
"For some reason I don't see her not being a slut. She loves all of us after last night."
"I say we keep the momentum going. I'm good for another three times fucking her today."
"Let's see what she does if we don't push her."
"So...we just eat breakfast and play video games all day? Day off Bro."
"If she comes looking for us then tap that pussy. Otherwise we should give her some space."
"Are you two talking about me?" Margo enters the kitchen.
"Yeah, I was telling Bri we need to give you space after last night."
"Do I require space? I'll let you all know if and when I do."
"Oh fuck this..." Brian swoops in picking her up to a deafening squeal. Carrying her through the doorway he finds Heath sitting at the table, exploring Facebook on his cell. Sitting Margo on the table he moves the plate and silverware from her seating. Snatching up her calves he lifts and pries her legs wide. Falling backwards on to the table she yelps. Brian sat down in front of her and buried his face into her cunt. She was moaning before her back hit the wood. Eating her out with a savage zest she arches her back and enjoys the tongue Brian offered. Lifting up over the table using her shoulder blades she peers back at Heath, her chest high and mountainous.
"Damn Margo! I didn't know you poached eggs sunny side up just for me." He leans forward, his chin on folded arms. Looking over his eyebrows the view was incredible. She sticks her tongue out at him as her hands move up to palm both breasts, pinching her nipples as if on hooks.
"You gonna sit there when you could be devouring those monster titties Bro?" Brian lifted his face from her pussy. Her moaning increased the second her fingers tweaked her nipples another round. For the moment Heath Talbot just enjoyed the show. Minutes later Cabot entered the dining room and sets the platter of hotcakes on the table, then stands there watching Brian feast on her. In her moaning Cabot chose to explore her thoughts.
"Margo?"
"Y-y-yes?" She trembles heavily as Cabot leans next to her.
"It's time to be honest and open here."
"A-alright. Mmmmm!" She was brewing a nice healthy stew.
"Tell the boys what happened my first night here."
"You gave me a massage and we had sex in front of my fireplace."
"Whoa!" Heath perked up, "So I wasn't the first?"
"No." She whimpered, "You were the fourth. You already know this I hear." He knew, but was feeling goofy. Acting naïve seemed the best way to relate that goofiness.
"Last man standing Bro." Cabot chuckled, "She and I planned this secret out. Tease you fuckers, then we all take her at once."
"Brian was second, Eric third." She quakes with admiration, "I LOVE ALL OF YOU." Her squirming made her realize her feelings. Not true love mind you, but the love of fulfillment.
Heath shook his head at the revelation that he had been played. It had bothered him all night long. Acting pissy toward her even if he wasn't, he stood up and used his cellphone to record video of her ecstasy. It was a thing of beauty.
"Heath?" She watched him raise his cell in order to record her.
"I want video of this moment. Live with it. EAT THAT BITCH BRI."
Growling at his insistence, Brian rammed his tongue deep inside her and wagged it about. She rolled her eyes back at his exploration skills.
"Fucking beautiful. You make a perfect Pornstar Margo."
"I think she wants to be a Pornstar." Cabot lifts the syrup bottle thinking of his earlier stunt. Raising the bottle over her thighs he trickles maple syrup over her clit. Brian changed his hunger game to lap at the syrup. Hearing her exhale loudly Cabot chose to pour more syrup over her tits, and tummy. Leaning over, Cabot then began licking her body.
While Heath filmed every move, Eric came down ready for work and looking exceptionally dashing. Seeing syrup he carefully joined in by licking her nipple, holding his necktie to keep it clean. Three of them dining on her flesh made her convulse and squeal, Heath Talbot catching her orgasm on video.
"How's that feel MILF?" Heath records.
"Wonderful. You should join them."
"Is it true? Do you want to be a Pornstar?"
"Film me all you like. No boundaries, we all agreed.' She huffs feeling dizzy.
"Truths out Eric. You fucked her in third place."
"Say what? You bitch." He laughed, "I kept a secret thinking I was the only one? I knew it."
"Why is everyone acting as if you're only now finding out? I'm sorry. I only wanted to make everyone happy individually, before all at once."
"Especially yourself?" Cabot lifted his mouth from her body to ask, before returning to her sugary flesh.
"I have not been happy in a very long time. Not since Darryl left me alone. With Elliot gone I can finally be myself."
"What are you?" Brian verbalized, then predicted in silence what she might admit.
"Sex is vital to who I am." She reveals caressing Cabot 's scalp as he licked her, his tongue teetering her erect nipple playfully. "From now on I want to be totally honest with all of you. I need the four of you to want me. Desire me. Protect me. In return I will make each of you feel like King's."
"EVERY DAY" Brian repeated yesterday's favorite response.
"Yes Brian. Every day. My body is yours. Your bodies are mine. Can we agree on this?"
"HELL YES." All four concur as one voice.
"Respect me even as you treat me like a whore." She bends their ears, "Pay your rent faithfully. Share in taking care of our home. Devour my soul. Never let me be alone again."
"I'm here as long as you let me stay." Cabot settles down and kisses her on the cheek lovingly.
"Same here Margo." Eric adds, "I speak for all of us in saying we worship you."
"WHORE GODDESS." Brian blurts out then feasts harder than ever on her pussy. She was ready for a second orgasm.
"I want to show you off." Heath continues recording her trembling body and her succulent moans.
"Dude! What part of protect and respect don't you understand?" Eric attempts to lower Heath's cell.
"No! Let him record me." She pleads with an extended hand. "Just promise me that Elliot never sees your videos." No one promised. It was inevitable.
Brian rears up again looking at Heath, "Get a close up of me eating her out. I want a copy of that."
"Promise me?" She pouts mid moan.
"Elliot already has video of you masturbating." Heath shrugs hovering over Brian's wagging tongue up in her hole.
"So it's true? My son has seen me?"
"Yeah!" Cabot frowned, "We haven't exactly been honest with you ourselves. Elliot showed us what he recorded. He would never give us a copy though.'
"Why would Elliot do that to me?" She felt betrayed.
"He's adopted Margo. You're not his biological mom. You might have raised him but the guy lusted over you a lot. He just hid it well."
"That makes me sad."
"Why? You should be lusted over." Brian fingered her to give his tongue a break.
"I want to be lusted over. But, Elliot? It feels so wrong."
"He's just another guy Margo." Brian rolls his eyes, "When was the last guy that didn't wanna fuck you silly?"
"I...can't answer that Brian. I don't know...unless they were gay, I'd say none of them." She ponders things even as Brian adds two more fingers inside her cunt. His fingering was increasing momentum. "Are you saying my son...?"
"Wants to fuck you? Hell yes he does." Brian just had to push the issue to explore her reaction. Eric fearing a bad outcome to this line of questioning chose to kiss Margo on the forehead and whisper his need to get to work.
""Have a good day Eric." As he leaves she turns her focus back on Brian, "Elliot has told you this?"
"Oh hell yeah. He used to beat off watching you masturbate. His confession, not my bullshit."
"Finger me harder Brian." She arches her back eying Heath's recording session. "You can show me off to anyone you like Heath."
"Even Elliot?"
"Do I have anything to deny him if he's seen me already?"
"Not really. I think you should make him a masturbation video and talk to him. Better yet when you skype with him just do it." Heath offered his thoughts.
"Guys! Come on...not funny." Cabot defends her.
"Should I Cabot?" She explores his sincerity.
"In front of Elliot? I guess that's up to you. Don't let any of us persuade you. I say just talk to him about it. He's gonna know we betrayed his trust though."
"Yes, he would know. Which is why I shouldn't discuss it with him. I think he would be upset with all of you for sleeping with me."
"Probably. Let's not ruin his European vacation." Cabot recommended.
"My thoughts exactly... HARDER BRIAN." She was really feeling his vigor but she knew he could rock her pussy harder still. Dragging her over the tables edge closer to him he went full on three fingers and destroyed her. Losing her mind she wiggled her entire body squealing at his insane invasion. A gusher brewing she cries out, "CALL ME MILF."
"FUCK THAT MILF HARDER." Heath chuckled. With a cheesy grin Brian did just that, her legs held high, toes pointed straight out and quivering. "TEAR IT UP." Heath furthered his quest to witness her greatest flood ever. "LOUDER MILF...LOUDER."
Eratic cries of pure ecstasy send her eyes retreating to the back of her skull. Fearful of scratching the table top Margo maintained her grasp over her dancing tits. Three young men just could not get enough of their new landlady. In a devastating orgasm Margo Needy drowned Brian's knuckles and the wood table. Still he fingered her equally as hard, Brian was not known to let up when something fueled his imagination.
"AGAIN!" Brian tormented her clit with his left hand while his right slammed three fingers as far up into her as they would go. Tempted to try fisting her he faltered, not wanting to piss her off if she couldn't handle it. Someday Brian was going to risk that fantasy. Not today. Continued squirts followed his rough treatment. Margo took it like a perfectionist.
"DOOOOOONNNNN'T STOP BRIAN." She yelled as her body found a violence in her nerve endings. Releasing her breasts she reached out for both Cabot and Heath. Taking her hands she held on to them for dear life, breasts whipping in circles as Brian gave her everything he had left. It was enough, her screams went silent in favor of a dramatic awe, breath held, back arching higher than before.
"Ohhh shit!" Cabot found her nails drawing blood from his hand. Heath grimaced at his own pain threshold. You would have thought Margo Needy was delivering a baby into the world. A ball of sweat Margo expresses strain followed by a shrill, "MMMMMMMM!" that lasted for over a minute straight.
"Here it comes." Cabot lifted her hand kissing it for luck.
Margo became a fountain of youth, her earlier flood nothing compared to what Brian brought out of her. This flood literally shot all over Brian's torso. A fireman's hose would have been jealous. Exhausted, Brian halts his terrorist act and blows out wasted oxygen. Even he was sweating bullets. Eying her convulsions he watched smaller gushes escape as her body shook and tensed up.
"That was hot as fuck." Brian cracked his neck deciding his next move. The other boys tried to peel her fingers from theirs but she didn't want to let them go. Brian inspired by her resistance dropped lower burying his face back into her pussy, shaking his head amid her mess and sending droplets flying as if he were a bulldog tossing saliva. It was kind of gross, but it made Margo react to his performance.
"FUCK ME!" She hadn't even found the light of day, her eyelids still twitching at a reveal of totally white eyes. Brian stands tall and nods his mad respect.
"Drag her to the center of the table." He drops his boxers and follows them as her body slides with assistance. Crawling up on the oak table Brian Hancock grabbed her ankles and held her legs spread eagle as his nine plus cock easily penetrated her fishing hole. In that moment Margo released the boys, allowing them to regain circulation. Her nails now reaching for Brian's chest as he pounded her mercilessly.
Cabot took that time to divide up pancakes. He and Heath decided to eat while they watched them fuck on the table, a strange breakfast indeed. Buttered up, syrup flowing, the guys filled their belly, even as Brian's serpent struck her G-spot in lightning bolt strikes. Her screaming returned as his balls slapped her ass cheeks. The second they heard that, both boys lifted their plates from the table and scooted back. Nobody wanted pubes flying wild.
"FUCK I LOVE THIS BITCH." Brian belted out looking around at his boys with a shit eating grin. "NYMPHO IN THE ROOM."
"Her or you?" Heath laughed chewing his food.
"Both." Brian in his rapid destruction discovered the need to cum sooner than he would have liked. Even as she drizzled all around his girth she clung to him wanting it all. In a moment of inspiration Heath took Margo's plate of pancakes and placed it on her heaving belly. Brian read Heath's mind chuckling.
Forcing himself out of her gasping hole he fist pumped his final detonation all over her pancakes. As if melting butter white splatters iced up her food. She burst out laughing at their stunt. All while Heath recorded the show.
"Oh my God! Breakfast of Champions." She literally found the strength to hold her plate as he slapped his cock right on the pancakes.
"Eat up Milf." Heath prompted playing Director of this porno.
With trembling hands Margo didn't even bother to examine the hotcakes. Rolling one up she devoured it, jizz and all. All three boys...men, admired her hunger. Eating every pancake on her plate she smiled vibrantly.
"Best pancakes I've ever eaten." She puckered licking her fingers. Brian proud of her, removed her plate and collapsed over her body, and sucked on her nipples. He didn't care that he was getting sticky from splattered syrup. She cooed looking at Heath's camera shot with sparkling eyes. A wink led her to end his filming, "You get to do the dishes." Sticking her tongue out at him, Heath nodded his approval.
"That's a wrap."
Was it strange that she and Brian took a short nap on top of the table?
Cabot ended up doing the dishes.
Heath beat off watching the video.
Twice.