This is Part 2 of a two part story. In Part 1 Adam cleverly manipulated a reluctant but ultimately willing twin sister Mary into having incestuous sex. We left our two young lovers after they had done the deed, and Adam had discovered Mary's submissive tendencies. Tendencies he hoped and planned to exploit.
****************
Later that night, Adam and I had yet another long talk. We still had two weeks before I left for college, and he went back to the Army. To cool our incestuous passion for each other, which we both agreed was a problem in the long run, Adam came up with a plan. I would set him up with one of my high school friends, and I would also ask out a boy with whom I had been intimate but not yet had sex, and we would double date.
At the end, we would each watch the other couple have sex. There were many problems with this plan. I had no doubt the boy (Troy) would enjoy laying me; it was clear he had wanted to do so for some time.
The real question in my mind was: Do I want to take Troy to bed myself? I was not completely over Peter, and we had not yet officially broken up. I was already cheating on Peter with my twin brother Adam, but somehow, I figured that did not count. (This must be part of the logic of incest, I thought. It is so taboo, somehow it doesn't count as cheating on one's lover.)
I did like Troy. And those weekends Peter had not come over to visit, I had let one of Sam or Troy have his way with me, but of course I always stopped short of letting things get too, too far. Although to be honest, they did get pretty far. The point is, I already enjoyed my times with Troy a lot, and certainly would have done the deed with him if I had not been committed to Peter. So I guess that question is answered, I reasoned.
But why did Adam want this? Why did he want to watch me have sex with someone else? That continued to make no sense to me. The only thing I could think of was that it might be his way of getting over me. Perhaps seeing me enjoying sexual intimacy with another man would so disgust him that he would lose desire for me? Was that his thinking?
Then I thought: Could Adam convince a girl to have sex on her first date with him? She would have to be a real slut for that. And would Troy want to have sex with me with Adam watching? And even if the girl let Adam do her, would she let him fuck her in front of Troy and me?
Adam said I was to arrange it. All of it. I was not at all sure I could arrange all that! It was certainly a tall order.
I chose Troy to be the boy whom I would seduce, because he was not as shy as Sam, and because he would do anything to get to fuck me, I was sure. My boyfriend Peter was already back east at his college and therefore out of the picture, and Troy would figure this was his chance. It was, too. I was beginning to look forward to it.
The way I saw it, there was only one candidate for the lucky girl: Gloria. I had once saved her from a gangbang, and she was grateful. From her standpoint, I had saved her life, since the gangbang would in reality have been a gang rape. As it was, she had ended up naked in front of five boys, and they were all over her, not listening to her more and more frantic and desperate protests and cries.
How she managed to get herself in that situation is a long story, involving a lot of poor judgement decisions on Gloria's part, shall we say. It was at a party where drugs and booze had helped to let things get out of control. I was there, too. I heard her cries, and came running.
When I found her, she was on a bed, naked, and she was screaming. Boys were holding down her arms and legs, and a fifth boy was just about to stuff her mouth with her panties. He had paused to sniff them, which had allowed me to hear her cries for help. I'll never forget that image: it was frightening but sexy as hell at the same time. At least it was for my sick, twisted mind.
I actually shamed the five boys into letting her go. I was worried they would then turn on me, but somehow the mood changed. It was like in the movies, when one moral person could stop a lynch mob, reminding people they were individuals, and not just part of a mob. I don't know if it ever happened with a lynching, but it happened in To Kill a Mocking Bird, an old movie I had seen on TV. I hope it happened for real, too, but irrespective of that, in fact I did save Gloria from a gang rape.
I told Gloria a white lie. I told her I wanted to have sex with Troy, but my brother Adam was back from Japan and he needed to get laid. I showed her a picture of what Adam looked like now, and one of him naked, with a flaming erection. I told her the whole plan.
"Just to get this clear," Gloria said, "You want me to have sex with your brother while you and Troy watch? And then we watch you and Troy?" I nodded. I knew it sounded crazy, and certainly perverted. "What if Adam does not want to have sex with me? Or what if I don't want to have sex with him?" She knew it was a dead certainty about Troy and me.
"Then you can walk away, of course," I said.
I knew Gloria was smart, and I knew she was quick. But she still surprised me. She figured it all out. She said, "Tell me: Is your brother good in bed? Is he as good as Peter?"
How could she have figured out we had already had incestuous sex? How? I just stared at her. Maybe it was when I showed her the picture of Adam with a hard on. That was a stupid move, I belatedly realized.
"You're letting him do you, aren't you?" Gloria asked.
"Don't tell anyone, please, Gloria," I mumbled. "Please. It was just once," I lied.
"You slut!" Gloria cheered, slapping me on the back the way a boy does when he learns of a conquest his friend has made by laying a cheerleader or some equivalent notch for his belt. "You go, girl. Adam is a hunk. He always has been. I can't wait to fuck his brains out," she said.
"But you did not answer: Is he good in bed?" Gloria persisted.
"He is amazing. I'll never be able to go back to Peter. He's good in bed, on the stairs, out on the front porch, in the back yard, standing up, on all fours, everywhere and in every position," I said, smiling.
"Ooh, you slut, you! Hubba hubba!" Gloria said, and she rubbed her hand over her private area.
I guessed I had chosen the right girl. Strangely, I felt jealous of how much Gloria was destined to enjoy sex with Adam. Well, the die is cast, I thought. I asked Gloria how she had figured out about Adam and me?
"The picture of Adam naked with an erection was taken in your bedroom, you moron," Gloria said. "Does he have the hard on from seeing your boobs? Notice the mirror reflects your bare boobs while you are holding the camera."
I checked. It was in the background and partially hidden. It was hard to see me holding a cell phone. But yes, my uncovered boobs were there, and the camera was held up to my stupid face. Even one of my nipples was in a corner of the picture. How could I have been that stupid?
I laughed. All I had to do was say yes. Gloria was right about everything. Then Gloria surprised me. She messaged me two pictures of herself. One was of her topless, and the other was of her naked and fingering herself. "For Adam," she said to me. "I want him interested."
"Shit girl," I said. "That will not be a problem. Looking at these pictures, I myself am interested!"
"Really?" Gloria said, batting her eyelashes and giving me her best come hither look. And it's a damn good look, I assure you. "I'd love to get my hands on your boobs, you know."
"You and the rest of San Mateo County, I'm sure," I said.
"You got that right, honey," Gloria said. "Everyone loves Raymond, and everyone loves your boobs even more." We set up the details. Gloria had some good ideas. That girl has one hell of a sexy mind.
I could not wait for Friday night. I refused to masturbate, saving myself for my seduction of Troy. I began to lust for him like never before. Adam could not get over the pictures of Gloria. "Sis, you have one dynamite friend. You are the best sister in the world, you know."
"Do you love me for my pimping services, or just for my boobs?" I asked, a little disgusted.
"Oh Mary. How could you ask such a thing? My love for you is the purest love there is. I love you for your pussy, and the way you use it," Adam said, his eyes twinkling. We both laughed a long time. I wondered, however, if there was some truth to his sarcasm. Adam added, "And I am looking forward to watching you get brutally ravished by Troy," he said.
"Why, Adam? Why don't you want me to yourself? Why do you want to see me with another man?" I quite reasonably asked.
"Ask me again after you see Gloria and me locked together in sexual bliss, okay? Ask me then if you still don't understand," was Adam's annoying reply. His answer did not help at all. I let it go.
But I wondered: Did he want to see my reactions to some competition? Or perhaps he just wanted to humiliate me? Maybe that was why he wanted me to expose myself and perhaps even fuck with him on the beach in front of other men? Well, maybe if I'm patience, I will figure it out. Or maybe, I'll just never know.
"Troy is a sweet boy. He does not have your Okinawa training, bro. He may even be a virgin, I don't know," I said, trying to warn Adam that he might be disappointed. I was still wondering why Adam wanted to see another man fuck me. It was not a normal thing for a man to want. But then, none of this was normal!
"Well then, he can watch Gloria and me. I'll show him how it's done. Does Gloria like rough sex, like my sweet little sister?" Adam asked.
"I don't know. I suspect not many girls do. I have the feeling I'm fairly weird, you know."
"Yes, I know. Boy, do I know. And God, Mary, do I love you for it! You are such a prize; I am sure neither Troy nor Peter is worthy of you. You are one hell of a sweet lay, you know?" Adam said.
"Yes, it's such a great self-image. Something to be proud of: 'Big boobed Mary is a sweet lay.' Maybe that should be my new hashtag?" I almost spat at Adam. "I could get it printed on a T-shirt and wear it around town. What do you think?"
The doorbell rang. Troy had arrived. He was nervous as all hell. Adam jumped for the truck to go to collect Gloria. We agreed to meet at the restaurant. I wore a slinky dress that clung to all of my curves. It also gave me a great décolletage, giving Troy plenty of boob to salivate over. He did not stand a chance, and he was loving it, I could tell.
The dress also showed off my ass to great effect. Adam had already remarked that my bubble butt was almost as big of an asset as my boobs were. He emphasized the first three letters of the word asset as he said it. Subtlety, thy name is not Adam.
Troy had some vodka in the car. We pulled over and had a few shots to get a buzz before dinner. (We were too young to be served alcohol at dinner, after all.) We arrived late, but still had to wait half an hour for Adam and Gloria. Gloria arrived with her lipstick smeared, her hair messed up a bit, and missing her underwear. I looked at her quizzically.
Gloria took me aside. "Your brother is an animal. He did everything but stick it in me. Jesus, the man is hyper sexed or something."
"I'm sorry, Gloria," I said.
"Don't be," she said, and she smiled broadly. "His cum is delicious. Sweet and salty. Great appetizer for Chinese food. But then, I'm sure you know that, don't you? Jeez, why couldn't I have a twin brother? Or your boobs? Some girls have all the luck, you know?" Gloria smiled and licked her lips, no doubt tasting the traces of Adam's cum that still clung to them. Cum is so viscous.
I already felt amazingly jealous. I know incest is wrong. I can't marry my brother. I can't have kids with him. I can't dream about the future, of a happily after life together. I'm just going to have to get over this jealousy thing. But right then, I could not. Maybe that's what Adam wanted? Did he want me to be jealous? If so, it was working. Boy, was it working!
"Gloria, do you like rough sex?" I asked, not answering what I assumed to be her rhetorical questions.
"Dunno. Never tried it. Why?" I raised one eyebrow. I can do that. I saw the lightbulb go off. "Oh. Cool," she said. "Can't wait."
The restaurant has the best Chinese food on the peninsula. Masters of the universe from Silicon Valley were there, with their wives straight out of the fashion pages of Vogue magazine. And there were us four kids, all thinking about what comes later.
I took my time, enjoying the food. Troy was nervous, not knowing if he was going to have sex later. He should have known. His innocence felt sweet to me. Gloria was not being subtle about what was to come, with all of her double entendres during dinner.
I knew what was in store for Troy. He was going to get laid, but good. I wanted to make Adam jealous, too, and I was going to pull out all of the stops. It was fun knowing what bliss my body would give this nice young man.
Gloria and Adam, however, were both having trouble keeping their hands off each other. I had no idea what a slut Gloria could be. But right then I was very glad she was that way. I calmed myself with thoughts of making Adam jealous of Troy.
Troy tentatively put his hand on my leg. Testing the water, I guess. All I did in response was smile. His hand began to caress my leg. I smiled some more. His hand moved north, heading for my panties. I leaned over and blew warm air softly into his ear.
Troy's hand reached my panties. "Take them off, Troy," I whispered to him. Now Troy smiled, and he pulled my panties down. Talk about giving him a green light! This was a screaming green light.
My panties settled at my ankles, and I left them there. He was reaching now, and it was pretty obvious to Gloria and to Adam what was going on, as his fingers found my snatch.
Gloria said, "Now Troy. We don't use our fingers in a restaurant. We use chopsticks in a Chinese restaurant," and she handed him the plastic imitation ivory chopsticks. Minutes later I had two chopsticks up my pussy.
Adam gave Troy his chopsticks, too, and before I knew it I had four chopsticks inside me. Troy was maneuvering them around inside me, and my breathing was getting uneven. I was saved when the first course arrived. The waiter also brought over two new sets of chopsticks for Gloria and Adam.
Chopsticks are long. I ate the entire dinner with four chopsticks deep inside my pussy, but half of them were still poking out. Between courses Troy would resume manipulating the chopsticks, and I would resume my uneven breathing. Adam took a cell phone picture of my face.
Adam put his cell phone under the table, and took another picture. He checked it out, and showed it to Gloria. I suppose it showed my legs apart, and my soaking wet pussy with four chopsticks sticking out of it. I was too ashamed to ask to see it. Adam understood that, I guess, but he texted the picture both to my phone, and to Troy's.
At one point I decided to tease Troy back. "Troy, have you seen the new cross my parents gave me for my 18th birthday? It's a Maltese cross," I said, looking innocently at Troy. It was not easy to look innocent with four chopsticks half inside me.
"No, Mary. Are you wearing it now?" Troy asked. There was a gold chain that disappeared down into my tight cleavage.
"Yes. Why don't you pull it out? Just dig in and I'm sure you'll find it in no time," I said. I leaned forward so that my boobs were as close as possible to him. Troy looked nervous, but he reached down into my cleavage, rooted around rubbing my soft boob flesh, and finally found my cross. I had made sure it was buried inside my brassiere, so his hands had to follow the chain inside my bra.
Troy found the cross, and he also found my nipple. He gave my nipple a lovely little tweak right there in the restaurant. I moaned softly when he did that. With my moan, Troy lost any of his remaining anxiety. He now went to town massaging my boobs before he slowly removed the cross.
"It's lovely, Mary," Troy said.
"Glad you like what you found," I said, and I winked at him. Then like a good Catholic girl, I kissed the cross and buried it back down deep in my cleavage. I glanced at Adam to see if I could detect any jealousy. None yet, dammit.
At the end of the meal, Troy pulled out the chopsticks, and passed them around. We all took one chopsticks. The other three took large sniffs, and Troy, Gloria and my brother Adam all complemented me on the smell of the chopsticks. Adam put his in his mouth and licked it clean. I liked that.
I did not sniff. What if I did not like the smell of myself? I was stuck with me. I could not trade myself in for another woman with a better smelling pussy, after all. Better not to know.
Troy followed Adam's lead. All eyes then turned to Gloria. She smiled, shrugged, and she cleaned my juices off her chopstick, too. Again, that left me. I just left them on the table. Gloria giggled.
We took Gloria and Troy back to our parent's place after dinner. Our parents were spending the weekend in Napa Valley, getting drunk visiting all of the wineries. Our Mom was planning a mud bath with seaweed in Calistoga, at the hot springs spa there. We had the house to ourselves. Ah.
We began with some games. We played a strip version of Cards Against Humanity, and gradually got down to our underwear. Everyone was waiting for me to lose my bra. But Gloria lost hers first, and while her boobs are not huge like mine, they are nevertheless beautiful. Adam and Troy both stared lustily at her boobs. I got jealous.
Troy was the first to get naked. He was embarrassed since he had a full erection, but Gloria and I both praised it, and he relaxed. Next Adam got naked, and then Gloria. That left me, with both bra and panties on. The game stopped at that point, and both Troy and Adam jumped me, ripping off both my bra and my panties.
We were rolling around on the floor, the three of us, and I was giggling. Gloria pulled Adam off me, and they kissed. While they kissed Adam's hands went all over Gloria, and she cooed and sighed. It was not long before Adam and Gloria were going to town.
They wasted little time. Adam started sweetly fucking her, and Gloria gasped when he stuck it in all the way. She looked at me, and smiled. The next time she looked at me, she winked, and said, "Adam, I like it rough. Mary says...Oh! Oh, my God!"
Gloria launched a string of invectives as Adam switched on a dime to a vicious fuck. Just as he had done with me, he pulled out, put her on all fours, thrust it back in, and he fucked her as if his life depended on it. His cock was pushing her around the room, while her boobs dangled sexily beneath her. He began to slap her ass as hard as he could, timing his slaps to match his penetrations. Gloria was reduced to guttural moans.
As I watched Gloria's reactions to Adam's magnificent fucking, I imagined me in her place just the previous evening. My reactions must have looked the same. I was so wet I felt as if I were in danger of dripping.
I was proud of how my brother could fuck. Troy however was intimidated. I thought he might be on the verge of crying, seeing this over the top performance of Adam and Gloria. Gloria was not only taking the beating, but she was eating it up and fucking Adam right back.
I led Troy from the room, and over to Adam's bedroom, so we could have some privacy. That sexual display was over the top, and Troy was now insecure. He was intimidated. I had to do something. I said, "I wanted to be naked for you, Troy. Do you like me this way?" I tried to sound insecure myself, and vulnerable. Troy had lost his erection.
"God yes, Mary. You are beautiful naked," Troy said.
"That was the right thing to say. Kiss me Troy. Kiss me all over." Troy began by kissing my lips. We French kissed and then he headed south, kissing and nibbling on my boobs. He even gently bit them, which turned me on. I moaned to let him know.
My moan was the best thing I could have done. Now feeling manly again, Troy's cock rose once again to full mast. He kissed me with renewed confidence. Troy's kisses were familiar. They were like old friends returning to make me happy. He caressed my breasts with love, just as he always did, after he would undress me. This time however was different: For the first time ever, he had succeeded to get me naked.
I could not tell, however, if he realized that my pussy was his for the taking.
My vulnerability due to being naked was not lost on Troy. Impressively, he took his time. After a while, his fingers found my snatch, and they performed the familiar rituals I love so much. My fingers in return found his nice, erect, and lovely cock. This time, however, my mouth found it too. That was new. This signaled to Troy that tonight was different.
Having practiced on my very own brother, I tried fellatio on Troy. To say it was a success would be an understatement of monumental proportions. It only took between 5 and 10 minutes before he ejaculated into my mouth, completely filling it with his cum.
The force of Troy's three squirts was impressive, as they blasted my tonsils. I swallowed some of it, establishing my slut bona fides, and quite a bit dribbled out onto my large boobs. I scooped it up wantonly with my fingers, and then licked my fingers clean.
I smiled at Troy. He was spent for at least a while, but my motor was running something fierce, and it was running fast. I got up, and led him back to Adam's room. Adam and Gloria were finished, and Gloria was laid out on the bed, chest heaving, legs splayed, her lovely pussy leaking Adam's bright white cum that I now knew so well.
Troy saw her like that, lovingly but also cruelly used and laying there in post coital bliss. His cock began to stir at the sight. I wondered if Troy wanted to fuck Gloria, and if she wanted to give him sloppy seconds? Teenage men just want to fuck, so I suspected it would be no problem for Troy; it was Gloria I was not so sure about. Just how much of a slut was she?
Adam noticed quick as a wink that Troy had not yet done me. Troy's cum was dripping from my boobs, and of course Adam figured out exactly what I had been up to. He smiled; he had not yet missed watching another man fuck his little sister.
Troy was now on the bed and obviously lusting for Gloria. Gloria's eyes were closed, and she seemed unaware of the pending danger. Troy looked at me, presumably for permission. He really wanted to ravage Gloria; it was obvious. But he did not want to lose me. He wanted it all.
Reluctantly, I nodded. I was not sure how many times Troy had in him, and I realized I may not get him that night. I could live with that. The only drag was that it would foil my plan to make Adam jealous.
Adam said, "Let's leave them alone," and he led me upstairs. He led me to our parents' bedroom, and started rooting around in the drawers underneath the bed. I knew he found what he was looking for when he yelled, "Ahah! I knew it. Kinky. Mom, you are one kinky little slut."
Adam pulled out bondage restraints from the drawer under our parents' bed. "Get on the bed, Mary," he said. I looked at Adam, but did not move.
"Come on, Mary. It will be fun. You'll see," Adam coaxed. I still did not move. I saw that there was also a whip. The idea of being bound and whipped and a complete of control freaked me out something fierce. I realized that it also turned me on. I pushed that thought away, far away.
"I'll eat you if you let me tie you up," Adam said. That's an offer a girl cannot refuse. I got on the bed. I loved the one, solitary time Adam had eaten me. Adam tied me up, spread eagle. He put the blindfold on me, and I could now see nothing. I could see truly nothing at all.
Adam said, "I'm going to try something. Let me know if you want it before, or after."
"What do you mean?" I said, now helpless and a bit terrified. It was scary not being able to move, and not to see, either. Adam said nothing, but he whipped me across the tummy.
"Ouch!" I yelled. "What the fuck are you doing? Are you nuts?"
Adam put the ball gag on me. I was silenced, but good. Then he left the room. Ten minutes later he returned with Gloria and Troy. "This had better be good," Troy said. "I almost had Gloria convinced to have sex with me when you barged in."
I found out later that Adam had arranged with Gloria not to let Troy have sex with her. He was saving Troy for me.
"It's his room, Troy. And I was not about to cave and let you fuck me; but maybe later, okay?" Gloria said. So, she is a slut, I thought. I guess it was obvious from the way she had just fucked Adam on their first date, right?
"Wow," Troy said. "Mary looks so hot like that!"
Adam gave him the whip. He whispered "Go ahead." I heard the whisper. Probably Adam intended for me to hear. Whoosh! The whip came down across my tummy. I tried to scream, but only gurgles came out through the gag. The next blow was on my thighs, then my tummy again. Lots more gurgles emanated from my mouth, as I tried in vain to protest.
"Check her pussy," Adam said.
"Wet. Very wet," Troy said. Someone began to caress my boobs. I did not recognize the caresses; elimination told me it was Gloria. Gloria lovingly kissed my nipples, and gave each one a little suck. Her hands roamed the entire expanse of my generous orbs of soft boob flesh.
Someone climbed onto the bed. A cock poked at my pussy. Was it Adam? I would not know how to react to the fuck! This was not acceptable.
But boy, I suddenly realized: It was so amazingly sexy. Not knowing for sure who was fucking me turned me on something fierce jest then. Adam is a genius, I thought to myself. I kind of wished there were a third boy there, too, in order to make it even less known who it was.
I guess Adam forgot about his promise of cunnilingus. I no longer cared; I had bigger, urgent worries.
Adam or Troy entered me. Whomever it was, he found a warm, wet, highly welcoming reception, and a muffled groan from my ball gagged mouth. The gag was removed, and I asked who was fucking me.
Silence came the reply, and the fucking continued. It gradually got more and more vicious. I figured it was Adam. Troy and Gloria must be watching. I relaxed and began to enjoy having my true love Adam, my twin brother, fucking me.
I heard Gloria moaning. She was doing the other boy (it must be Troy, finally getting his rocks off with Gloria, I thought to myself) on the floor, beside the bed, while I get fucked on the bed. I heard Gloria say, "Oh God, Adam. Fuck me hard again. You are so good. Oh shit, you are good. Never, ever stop fucking me, you bastard. Oh....yes! Right there! Oh, my God!" and then Gloria degenerated into a series of groans and moans.
That left Troy. He was the one pounding me viciously. Finally, Troy was fucking me. I moaned to encourage him. "Fuck me rough, Troy. I like it rough," I said.
Troy responded, and he did his best to imitate Adam's brutality. I could tell his heart was not into rough sex. Adam was a natural, but nevertheless Troy was a quick study, and he was doing a good job. Troy would do anything to please me. I liked that. It's a nice trait in a man.
Maybe my blowjob gave him staying power, because he fucked me a good, long time, and finally I came while he was fucking me. I was noisy. Nobody had any doubt I had cum, probably not even the neighbors. Troy kept fucking me until he finally pulled out and squirted his load all over my boobs. They are, after all, a large target that is hard to miss!
Troy got off me, and I lay there happily in post coital exhaustion and bliss. I was still tied up and blindfolded, and Adam was still pummeling Gloria to smithereens. I lay there, left alone in the darkness created by my blindfold, listening to Gloria's vocal reactions to her sex with my brother Adam. Even though I had just enjoyed Troy a lot, I was jealous.
Adam had lost desire for me. Gloria was all that he wanted. And as for Gloria, she had no interest in Troy. She was thoroughly hooked on my brother. Finally, Troy untied me and liberated me. I removed the blindfold and I could see again.
Gloria was lying on the floor, her legs splayed, her boobs sagging to the side. Adam's fingers were lightly playing with her pussy. She did not seem to be at all concerned with modesty, as Troy and I stared at her. Her face was a mask of bliss.
I took Troy's hand and led him out of our parents' bedroom. It was late at night, very dark with a new moon, and still refreshingly warm outside. Even though we were both naked, I turned on the back-porch light and led him into the backyard.
"Have you ever enjoyed sex outside, Troy?" I asked.
"Mary, tonight is my first time with a woman. I love that you are my first," he said.
"I love it too," I lied. "I'm your first and only, Troy. Would you like to do me again? Perhaps outside? Perhaps now? I'm not tied up anymore, but maybe you would still be interested?" I said.
"It was kind of cool making love to you when you were blindfolded and bound. But I just want to make love to you as much as I can. Anywhere, any time, any conditions," Troy said.
"Okay," I said. I got on all fours on our soft grass and wiggled my bare ass at him. "Let's do it doggy style, big boy," I said.
Troy smiled. It had only been a few minutes, so Troy explained he was not ready to do me again yet. So, we lay down, both naked, and looked at the stars. He played with my boobs as we lay there, and we both discussed our hopes and dreams for the future.
After around 15 minutes, I tentatively reached over to find the wonderful penis that was capable of giving me so much pleasure. It was happily relaxed: flaccid, and simply lying there between his legs. But as soon as my fingers made contact, it immediately stirred. I fondled it a bit, and it stirred some more.
I leaned over Troy, my huge boobs tickling his thighs, and I took his cock, his small appendage that could create so much pleasure when it is was inside me, and I kissed it. His cock responded enthusiastically. I then took his entire cock in my mouth, and I literally felt it grow to full size inside my mouth, finally getting too big to stay completely inside my mouth.
It was truly a thrilling feeling to have Troy's cock grow inside my mouth. I loved it. It made me feel so freaking sexy, and even powerful. What a feeling!
I began to suck on his cock, and move my mouth up and down on it, pretending he was fucking my mouth, instead of my pussy. Troy's breathing got heavier. Troy pushed me off his cock, and he pushed me down onto the lawn. He gently separated my legs. He climbed onto me, and stuck it right in with great force.
I could feel the muscles in his legs. I love how strong men are. I loved his chest hair. I loved the rough stubble of his fast-growing beard. I loved his sweaty, masculine smell. I loved him. God, he felt good inside me. This is where he belonged.
I had formulated a plan. As soon as Troy entered me I began to moan. Shortly thereafter I began to moan as loudly as I could. I wanted three things: First, I wanted Troy to get as turned on as possible and to fuck me for all he was worth. Already happening. Check.
Second, I wanted the neighbors to hear, to look out their windows, and to see me in all my glory getting fucked to smithereens. The idea of being seen while fucking, from a distance, turned me on something fierce. I don't know why; it just did. Maybe I would be successful at that; maybe not. The uncertainty was part of the fun. This girl likes risk.
I could only see one of the neighbor's windows since I was underneath Troy and my view was blocked. I knew it was the bedroom window of one of Adam's friends, and I saw some movement in it. Victory! We were being watched. I needed to give a better show.
"Let's try a new position, Troy. Fuck me standing up?" Troy was up for anything, as long it involved fucking me. I'm not even sure he had to be fucking me; he had seemed plenty interested in fucking Gloria, too. I stood up and went over to the swing set that we had not used since we were little. I put my hands on the bar holding up the swings, in order to prop me up. This gave our neighbor a full frontal of my body. I spread my legs.
Troy followed me over and did what men do with a naked sexpot who spreads her legs. Soon I was gently bouncing up and down, my body responding to Troy's manly thrusts. He was literally lifting me slightly off the ground, using his cock alone, with each of his wonderful thrusts. My neighbor was doubtless getting a great view of my boobs bouncing around, as I continued to moan loudly.
This was sweet, because I knew Adam's friend next door had long enjoyed lusting after my boobs. He never lusted after me, Mary, per se; he just lusted after my boobs. At that age, his lust was probably enough for him to get into my panties, but the coward never tried. On the other hand, he probably was constantly drained from his times with Melissa, a little minx of a girl who was a frequent visitor next door.
Third, I wanted Adam to hear my moans and to get jealous. A few minutes later a naked Adam and a naked Gloria joined us in the backyard. Gloria got on all fours, right next to the ancestral swing set and to me, and Adam entered her rear entry. They got a rhythm going. Check.
Gloria's face was right next to mine, if a few feet lower down. I whispered down to her, "Troy thinks you're hot. Want to change men in mid fuck?" I had to whisper loud enough so that probably the men could hear. But I think they were too distracted fucking us just then to have bothered to eavesdrop.
"But Adam is your brother! Ooh, you slut. You dog, you! You know, Mary, you are one sexy bitch. I love the way your filthy mind works. Sure, I would. Count me in," Gloria said. I nodded to her. While she had said all that, it came in small bursts, as she tried to catch her breath in between Adam's vicious thrusts.
"On the count of three," I whispered, "Let's both shout switch." Gloria nodded, I counted, and we yelled SWITCH! It was such a sudden sound that it surprised the boys and they both stopped, startled.
Both men stopped with their cocks buried inside of us. I said, "Troy, it's time for you to show Gloria how magnificently you fuck. Adam, take over for Troy. Keep your gorgeous cock in the family, where it belongs."
"But Adam's your brother!" Troy said.
"Don't worry about it," Adam said, pulling out of Gloria as he spoke, and pushing Troy out of me. Adam was smiling. He knew this was my idea, and he was enjoying my filthy mind. I think he was even proud of me for thinking of this!
"But Gloria, are you okay with this?" Troy said. He was flummoxed and nervous.
"Fuck me you bastard," Gloria said, and she wiggled her ass invitingly. "Fuck me good. I've wanted you to fuck me for so long, you moron. You never saw it, you were too busy pining away for Mary all the time. Well, I'm here now, you're here, and I want you inside me. I want you bad. Fuck me now!"
Both men entered us. The switch was complete. Adam was giving me a loving fuck. I was angry at how much he had enjoyed Gloria, so I told him, "I want it rough, asshole brother. Come on. Show me what you're made of. Is this how you fucked all those Okinawa whores, you pathetic excuse for a man?"
Adam did not need any more prompting, and he went to town on me, pushing me around the yard with his thrusts from hell. He was so brutal, I think I could have tested positive for a rape. I loved it. I emitted loud guttural groans as he destroyed me.
At one point, Adam accidentally rammed me into Gloria as she calmly let Troy plow away in her cunt. We knocked her over, forcing Troy's glistening wet cock to fall out of her. She giggled, knowing it was inadvertent. She lay on her back, her legs maximally far apart, in a sexually inviting pose. She screwed up her face into a fetching expression.
Gloria said to Troy, "Come back in, lover boy. My pussy, like nature, abhors a vacuum." Then she grabbed her ankles and held her legs straight up in the air, showing all three of us her engorged, bright pink pussy, and her virgin asshole, all tiny and puckered.
When Troy re-entered her, I don't know how she did it, but I swear I heard a noise that sounded like her pussy sucking him back inside of her. It was kind of a small "whoosh" sound. "Ah," she said. "Welcome back. Never leave, lover. God, you feel good."
It got late, and both Gloria and Troy had parents to go home to. Troy gave Gloria a ride home. Gloria told me the next day that he walked her to the front door, kissed her for quite a while, and slipped his hand under her skirt. He pushed her panties to her knees and then wonderfully fingered her as they kissed.
Gloria told me she got as wet as the south bay in winter. Her words.
Finally, she pushed Troy away, undid his pants, and freed his cock. She put her arms around him, climbed up his body, and slipped down onto his hard, throbbing cock. She fucked him like that, right on the front porch of her parents' home, under the yellow illumination of their summertime bug light. The girl likes risk.
It was awkward, but she refused to let him go until he shot his load up inside her. It was then that he said the three words. She said them back. Gloria was excited. Troy was the first boy who had ever said "I love you" to her. He was also the first boy to whom she had ever professed her love using the exact same three words. She knew I was sweet on Troy, and she hoped desperately that I was okay with it.
No, I was not okay with it, but I did not say that. Troy was for me; he was my guy. I had groomed him to replace Peter when the time came. The time had come. But then I thought: I have my brother Adam right here at home. I have Peter across the country at his fancy elite East Coast college. Well, maybe I do. Maybe too, I was losing him to one of those sexy East Coast tramps.
But also, I have an entire college full of available men waiting for me down the road a piece. My potential sex life had promise. With my boobs, it will be easy to get a boyfriend or two, or three, in college. Won't it? There it is again: my damnable insecurity!
Who knows what will happen when I go off to college in a few weeks? I do: Men will come for the boobs, but stay for the pussy. If I let them have any pussy, that is. I don't need two or three. Just one of the men at college will be just right for me, I'm sure.
Of course, I don't want a jerk. They're always the first to come after the new arrivals, I suppose. Oh, fiddlesticks! This may not be the slam dunk I was hoping for. "Slam dunk:" very funny, I thought to myself.
How many men in total do I need? You don't collect men the way you collect charms on a charm bracelet, now do you?
Speaking of men, a few days later I was leaving the house at the same time as the neighbor boy Jack, Adam's friend, was leaving. The way he looked at me, I knew he had watched the four of us enjoy each other in the back yard. He came over to me. I smiled.
"Mary, I saw you the other night, you know," he said.
"I know you did. I saw you, too. I hope you liked what you saw. I wanted you to see," I said.
"I've always thought you were pretty and sexy, Mary. But wow. You are the hottest girl on the planet, let me tell you. Want to go out tonight? Do I stand a chance with you?"
"I'd love to go out with you, Jack, but only as friends. Sex is off the table. Does that change things? Do you still want to take me out?" I replied.
Jack could not hide his disappointment. It's fucked up, but I was charmed. He still wanted to date me, even though I had said no to sex in advance. That made me like him all the more. He took me to dinner, and then to the movies.
We had a wonderful time, and I discovered that, unlike most boys his age, he was a good conversationalist. At the end of the date, even though we live next door to each other, he walked me to my door.
"Kiss goodnight, pretty woman?" Jack asked. "Or do you consider a goodnight kiss to be sex?"
I wanted to kiss him. I had said no sex. I was pretty sure if I kissed him my resolve would weaken. Am I that much of a slut, I thought? I decided to test myself. I put my arms around his neck and turned my face up towards him and closed my eyes. I received one of the sweetest, most tender, and loving kisses of my life.
"Kiss me again, Jack," I said. Soon we were French kissing and our bodies were melting into one another's. His hands ran up and down my backside, caressing my ass through my skirt. I wanted his hands to go under my skirt, but he was either shy or respectful. We were, after all, standing on my parents' front porch. And I had, let's remember, said, "No sex."
"Want to come over to my place for a nightcap?" Jack said. "My parents are out of town, on a trip." I nodded, and off we went.
Twenty minutes later I was naked and giving Jack a blowjob. I had decided that "no sex" meant no intercourse. What can I say? It was a Bill Clinton moment. An hour later, I left Jack and I walked the 200 yards back to our house, wearing only my shoes. I went straight to Adam's room, stark naked, and said, quite succinctly, "I need an Adam fuck."
Adam obliged. I learned I can always depend on my brother. It's a nice thing to know about one's brother.
Returning however to the subject of Troy, I knew I was Troy's first. I would always be special: I was, after all, the first girl he had ever laid. I'm sure men remember their first time, right? I know women do. I guess everyone must, am I right? Help me out here, boys: Do you remember your first time? Your first girl?
Come what may, Troy would never forget me. I was sure he would be ready to fuck me when we both come home during college vacations. That was all a girl could need, it seemed to me just then.
My prophecy about Troy proved true. I broke up with Peter and found a great man at college in Santa Cruz. Troy remained loyal to Gloria. She too was loyal, Gloria style. She casually fucked around while Troy was off at UC Berkeley, but despite her promiscuity and her love of one night stands, her heart belonged to Troy. When he came back to town, she was his girl, and she was exclusively his girl. Gloria went to the local state college.
Six years later Adam left the Army. I was married at this point. I even had a child with my husband Craig. Adam returned a different man. He was no longer a gung-ho kind of guy. He was now a peace activist. But one thing was unchanged: his love for his sister. His love and his carnal lust for me were both undimmed. If anything, his feelings and his desire were even stronger.
He had gone six years without sex with me, but his desire had not dimmed an iota. It's because we're family, I guess. Peter no longer had any desire for me, nor did I for him. None at all. Nope. Nada. But for Adam, I knew that somehow, we would always lust for each other. I can't explain it; I can only describe it.
Adam came to visit us at our home in Santa Rosa. My husband Craig left for work, and my daughter Hannah went off to preschool, leaving our small, tacky house to Adam and me. Adam asked if I wanted to watch a video? I thought it was a strange question, but I said sure. I just wanted to be with him, to sit next to him on the couch. I wanted maximal physical proximity. That was enough for me. All I wanted was to be near him, to touch him, and to feel his touch.
The video opened with a short, naked girl climbing onto a bed. A tall, strapping man was applying restraints. The girl was being bound. The girl had huge boobs, maybe even bigger than mine. She also had a tight, hard, body. She was gorgeous, and she was sexy as all hell. The man was an Adonis: hard body, rippling muscles, gorgeous cock, the works.
This was a bondage video. Maybe it was B&D? Did I really want to watch that kind of video? Why was Adam showing it to me, anyway?
Suddenly I realized the girl was not some anonymous sexpot porn goddess. I myself was the girl! It was me, from six years earlier! I was the one being bound and blindfolded. The tall, strapping hunk of a man was my very own brother Adam. Holy shit! How was this even possible?
Did I just mistake my body from 6 years ago as belonging to a porn goddess? Did I just really do that?
Next I saw Troy get on the bed. His hard body was to die for, too, even if I had not really noticed it at the time. When you're 18 or 19 you take hard bodies for granted. Now I'm 25, and hard bodies are no longer everywhere, all around you.
I watched as Troy fucked the bejesus out of me. Alongside on the floor, Adam was fucking his heart out with Gloria. The sounds from our DVD player filled the room with Gloria's moans and cries, and my own moans and expletives, with exhortations for Troy to go harder, deeper
I watched the entire video, a good 30 minutes long, in complete shock. When it was over, I just sat there, dumbfounded. I looked at Adam and spoke to him with my eyes alone, saying, "How? Why? What's going on?"
Adam smiled. He used language to reply, "Dad set it up. He has tons of videos of Mom doing it with him, doing it with our neighbors, and her doing it with all sorts of men. Don't worry, Mary; I deleted this video of us from his system, but only after I had copied it, of course. Mom is a big-time slut, and Dad is one sick son of a bitch. But they're great parents, and they love us, and that's what counts, right?"
I was speechless. Finding my voice, I asked in a hoarse whisper, "Who else has seen this video, Adam?" I was already horny as hell, just from watching it. It was the best porn video I had ever seen. Okay, I had not seen that many. But I had seen enough to know this was off the charts.
"Well, our neighbor Jack, of course. After your display in the backyard, I felt I had no choice. And I showed it to a few of my army buddies. Well, maybe more than just a few. You know how it is. We all get lonesome for American pussy over there in Japan. And here I have this tape of the most beautiful sister in the world. Also the sexiest, I might add. A lot of army men think you are smoking hot, by the way," Adam said. "You have an Army fan club."
You know, I mused, it is really hot to see a porn video where the people in it are your friends. But to see one where you are the star? That's freaky. I can imagine all sorts of reactions to it. My reaction involved how I myself, well myself six years ago, looked in the video. I looked good. My reaction was positive. It was very positive.
I was speechless, in and of itself a rare event. Adam spoke, as if he were giving a command in the army, "Mary, strip. Get naked, and get on the bed. I brought along restraints." I did as Adam asked. I was in a state of shock. I was following what sounded like military commands. Adam applied the restraints.
As in the video, I was naked and spread eagle on the bed. Adam next surprised me, when he said, "Come on in, guys." There I was, nude on the bed, spread eagle and bound, and in walk Gloria and Troy. They looked great. Six years had not changed them. Not even a little!
"Hi Mary," they both said, together, as if this was a normal way to see somebody after a six-year absence.
"Uh, hi guys. Excuse my appearance; I was not expecting company," I said.
They laughed. "Who do you want first? Troy or your brother? I get the other one," Gloria said.
"Nothing's changed?" I asked.
"Nothing has changed," Adam replied, as he undressed.
Troy said, "God, Mary. I forgot how hot you are. Jesus, woman, you are gorgeous. You are still so amazingly sexy and gorgeous."
"Troy, you're an idiot," Gloria said. I silently disagreed just then. I liked hearing what Troy had just said.
"She's right, you moron," Adam added. "The only woman I've ever met as hot and as beautiful as my sister here, is your wife Gloria. Now get on that bed, Troy, and show my sister how it feels to be fucked by someone who really means it. Don't worry about me. I'll be enjoying your sexy wife, outside in the backyard."
"In broad daylight?" Gloria asked.
"Yeah. Come on woman; get naked, already."
"You're on, you sexist bastard. But you'd better fuck me good. Troy spoils me, you know." Gloria said as she removed her clothes and her bra, but kept on her panties. "Catch me if you can!" she exclaimed, as she ran, giggling, her boobs bouncing in front of her, to my backyard.
I knew Adam would have no trouble catching her. I heard the thud as he tackled her in the back yard. Giggles quickly followed. Then a short while later I heard her moans. Her moans had not changed; I'd recognize them anywhere. My brother still knows how to fuck, I thought. I wonder if he will try it with me? Of course he will; what am I, an insecure moron?
As they went to the backyard, I was bound and Troy was brutally fucking me. Well, Troy still knew how to get to me. He was not just nailing me, it felt as if he were speaking love to my very soul. In return, I loved it, every single thrust.
The violence of his penetrations caused my boobs to bounce around like large bowls of jello. My last thoughts as I fought to delay my orgasm just a little longer, were how glad I was that Craig had not yet built a privacy fence for the back yard. I wanted the neighbors to see my brother Adam fuck the shit out of Gloria.
Before my husband came home with our daughter, I too got to enjoy Adam in our backyard. It all came rushing back. I realized it would never leave. My brother and I were going to fuck from time to time until our dying days. I could not resist him. I knew I would never be able to resist him. I would have it no other way. And as for Adam himself? It was obvious to me he would always desire me. The only question was: Would we involve my husband Craig, or not?
After our sex, we went back to the bedroom, and this time Gloria was bound on the bed, and Troy was in the process of ravishing her, but good. We watched, and I gently played with Adam's cock, as he drooled over Gloria.
I figured I could wait to involve Craig until Adam married, too. I knew he was involved with a Japanese sexpot. She's named Himari. I'm told Japanese women know how to please their men. The fact that she's originally from Okinawa, however, makes me just a bit nervous. Of course, she's been living in LA ever since she was 7, so basically, she is American.
Also, it seems to be an obsession with American men these days to take Asian women to bed. I have no idea why that is, but I've seen it too many times to deny it. So, if Himari wants to do the deed with Craig, it should not be too hard to convince Craig to join the fun.
I'm looking forward to meeting her. It should be soon, Adam told me, during our second fuck. We were in that state of post coital exhaustion when I heard the garage door open. Adam and I set a new world record in fast dressing. We barely made it, as Hannah rushed in yelling, "Mommy! Mommy!"
"Give your uncle Adam a kiss, peanut," I said. I gave Craig a big hug. I hoped I did not smell of sex too bad; I wished I could have had enough time to apply a bit more perfume.
"You must be Adam. It's nice finally to meet Mary's twin," Craig said. Adam smiled. It was his malevolent smile. I shuddered. I just knew Adam was going to make me sneak downstairs to the guest room to visit him once Craig was asleep. I was already looking forward to it, horny little incest craving, cheating sister than I am.
I left to go make everyone a cocktail, and Hannah some chocolate milk. I also sprayed some perfume in the strategic places of my body. When I returned, Craig and Adam were talking like old friends. Adam was regaling him with stories of my youth. Once Hannah was in bed, he told Craig about how every boy in high school was obsessed with my boobs and wanted to get into my pants.
I told Adam that was enough of such nonsense, but Craig shut me down. He was drinking it up. At one point he said, "I wish I could have seen that," when Adam told him how we did show and tell on the beach, with his cock and my boobs. I was scared Adam was going to tell Craig how I got naked and took his cock in my mouth with voyeurs watching! But he did not, thank God.
Then it dawned on me. When Craig said, "I wish I could have seen that," it was like a secret message had passed between Adam and Craig. I knew that look on Craig's face: he is my husband, after all. And I knew the look on Adam's face: he was my brother after all.
There was one obvious explanation. Adam had already somehow shown Craig the video of Troy fucking me in our mother's bed, that one wild night six years ago. It was their secret. I was horrified: My own husband had seen me bound, having wanton sex with a high school boyfriend. Jesus H. Christ. I wanted to get into bed and cover myself with the covers.
Later that night, when the men were drinking and I was putting Hannah to bed for the third time, reading her a fourth bedtime story, Adam did tell Craig what Adam and I did on the beach that fateful day.
Adam told me later that Craig said to him, "I'm not surprised. I've always known Mary has a lot of secrets. She tries to be normal, but fundamentally, she's not. We could have some fun if she would open up. Three of my best friends have the hots for her. Do you think she might share her wealth? Do you think she could ever be open to a life of more variety than just me?"
"Craig said that? You're not shitting me?" I asked, totally surprised. I figured the video might have given him the idea.
"Army's honor, sexy Mary," Adam said. He held his hand over his heart as he spoke.
"What did you say in reply??" I asked Adam, somewhat horrified.
Adam replied, "I told him I would mention it to you. I told him that as sister and brother, we share everything. Everything. Absolutely everything."
"You said it like that? You used the same tone of voice that you used just now when you said 'absolutely everything'?" I asked.
"Yep. I think he understood. I even lifted my hips and humped the air, to make it eminently clear. I think he knows we're incestuous siblings. If he does, he is not grossed out. No, he just wants to join the fun. He had a tent in his pants. He's going to have fun with you tonight, you can count on that, my sexy little wench of a sister," Adam said. "I even told him of my bondage restraints, and he wants to borrow them for tonight. I like Craig. You did well in your choice for a husband."
I groaned.
Adam went on and told me of how he had told Craig of Peter, and how I cheated on Peter with Troy. He then said how I cheated on Troy with Jack. But Adam further explained to Craig that all was okay, because Troy was cheating on me with Gloria. I was getting red in the face.
"I did not cheat on Troy with Jack, you asshole. I did not have sex with Jack!" I said.
"You blew him, Mary. You walked home naked, for Pete's sake. Troy would call that cheating," Adam said.
"I was not naked. I was wearing my shoes," I said.
Adam looked at me. He began to snicker. I suddenly realized how ridiculous I sounded, and we both laughed.
Then he told me that he had told Craig how I was a slut in college. He told him how the men came for my boobs, but stayed for my prowess in bed, and with my mouth. He gave an estimate of the number of men who had sampled my charms during my four college years. I have no idea how he knew, but the estimate was fairly accurate. It was a little low, but I was sure as hell not going to tell Adam that!
"You did not tell him about the incident at the pool, did you?" I asked, hopelessly scared.
"Ah, Mary, that's one story you have neglected to tell me," Adam said.
"Thank God for small favors," I said. "Good for me."
"You've got to tell me, my little hushpuppy slut. You know you do," Adam said.
"Adam, you're an asshole. You're a bastard. How could you do this to me, the sister you love? How could you tell Craig all that ancient history? You made me sound like a tramp! Like a gold-plated slut. How could you? Do you want to wreck my marriage? Are you jealous of Craig?" I was mad at Adam, and I needed to change the subject from the pool incident. Putting him on the defensive seemed a good strategy just then.
"Of course I'm jealous! He gets to fuck you every morning and every night. Now he's going to get to watch you fuck his friends, too." Adam paused after his outburst. He added, "You're welcome for that, by the way."
I threw a pillow at him. But the truth was, I loved Craig. I loved him with all my heart, and all of my soul. But the idea of fucking his friends, adding some variety to my sex life, and with Craig talking a "reluctant" me into doing it, really got my motor running.
Nevertheless, I said, "Shame on you, Adam. Did it ever occur to you that in these past six years I might have matured? Promiscuity is a young woman's game. I am now a married woman with a child. I still have a sex drive, thank goodness, but I'm sure it's different from what it was like six years ago."
I saw the way Adam was looking at me. He did not believe a word of it. I tried again, "Okay, okay, I enjoyed fucking Troy again today, and of course I loved getting it on with you, and it was great to see Gloria again. I even still have my latent lesbian feelings for her, as I'm sure you know. Maybe Gloria does for me, too; I don't know. But this is all old times. We had nostalgia sex with them today, but that's the end of it. These days I'm loyal to Craig, and I'm happy about it."
Adam bought none of this. I silently cursed him. He knew me too well. He understood me too well. He knew both how fucked up I was, and he of all people knew how fucked up I was about to be. He began to undress me. I got very little sleep that night, but in exchange, I received the gift of cum. I received a generous donation of lots of Adam's cum.
As for what Adam had told Craig about me having sex with his friends, I knew that I'd have to play it carefully. I quickly decided on a strategy. Like Caesar before me when Marc Antony offered him his fake crown, I would refuse categorically three times, each refusal being weaker than the one before. My resistance, my resolve, I planned gradually to weaken. Little by little I planned to let Craig pressure me into it. Slow to be convinced, reluctant to the moment when the first of Craig's friend entered my wet, warm pussy; that was the key. This was going to be fun.
I lead an interesting life. But it's a good life. As I write this, I am waiting for Adam's next visit. I'm hoping he will bring Himari, his betrothed. I wonder if we will try to involve Himari and Craig with our incestuous antics? I'm not at all sure if that will work. We'll see. Bye bye, for now.
PS: Oh yes, and in case you're wondering, no -- I have never told Adam or anyone else about the pool incident. You do not give ideas to men like Adam. You just don't. It's my little secret, hee hee. And it's also my most erotic memory. But Adam will learn of it. Some of the others involved will talk. Adam has frightening capabilities; I wonder if he works secretly for the CIA?
PPS: If you've read my little memoir here, then you probably have some insight into my personality by now. Use your imagination for the pool incident. Remember, I was young, stupid in the sense of lacking judgement, oversexed, and in college at the time. Chances are you won't be far from the truth.
PPPS: Two of Craig's friends turned out to be run of the mill fucks. But his third friend: Whoa! That man can send me over the top, every time. There have now been a lot of times. Too many that Craig does not know about, but hey, this was his idea, right?
PPPPS: Peter is now in politics in Connecticut. I would not be surprised if one day he actually becomes a U.S. Senator. Wouldn't it be cool to fuck a sitting U.S. Senator? I think it would be. I figure I have a chance. Maybe a good chance. I know exactly how to get to Peter. I know his weaknesses, maybe better than anyone. Maybe even better than his wife, who impresses me, at least from pictures, as a very pretty, but also a cold, frigid bitch. Hee, hee.