PART TWO-- Smokey Mountains, Pizza, and Cowboys.
With the inner doors open and only those half swinging doors, we could hear the familiar sounds of tires on gravel, the slamming of car doors, and men's voices as they walked up to enter. Again, Dollie panicked. But there was little she could do other than temporarily shove her titties back in her low tank top.
I normally choose a table against a wall so I can see people entering and exiting a place. As I often tease Dollie, it's so we don't get ambushed! Two men in their forties walked through the swingin doors. Not only did this small town and the bar appear to be right out of the old west, so did these two cowboys. From their well worn western boots with jeans tucked in, faded flannel shirts, floppy torn cowboy hats looking like leftovers from many rodeos, it's like we were in a scene from an old movie. We'd soon discover it could have been a porn western movie costarring MsDollie.
The men were now standing not far from where we were seated, apparently not even noticing us. Pop Angelo and Mom Rosie called them by their names, as they exchanged howdy's, hugs, and small talk.
The little I heard and remembered was Angelo asking "whata brings you two to town?"
The outstanding parts of the conversation were "we stopped for a pizza and to grab a feel of the biggest titties in the county."
Both guys reached in and grabbed one of Rosie's boobies, lifting them out of her low blouse. Indeed, fully exposed, they were the biggest in many counties! Rosie giggled, Angelo headed for the kitchen to check on our pizza and make another for the two men.
The two guys shoved Rosie's titties part way back into her blouse and took a seat at the back corner of the dining room, some twenty feet from us. As soon as they spotted Dollies' two nearly bare boobies they moved to the back of the table, facing us. I whispered to Dollie these facts.
It only worried her more, as she kept tugging to pull her top up. I reminded Dollie that for years we planned and played these tit showing games. Now it was happening naturally and the owners didn't seem to care. She grinned and gave up on covering her nipples.
As we sipped our beers, Mom Rosie brought two more. I pointed to the first two, over half full, explaining we didn't order more beer and we're saving ours to drink with our pizza. Rosie motioned to the table with the grinning men, telling us they bought all of our drinks. Dollie smiled and waved, thanking the two men.
Rosie warned us "Those two are crazy about boobs and can't leave their hands off mine. They will expect something in return."
I told her "all we have are Dollies' two sunburned little titties to look at."
Rosie replied "they always grab mine so be careful."
I asked Rosie "what's Angelo think about that?" Rosie just laughed!
I'm not sure if the men took Dollies' wave as a sign to join us, they were headed our way. Again we thanked them. They made no effort to hide the fact they were staring at Dollies' fully exposed pinkish red tits. They mentioned seeing her nipples dripping and how full and firm those titties appeared.
One guy laughed and said "it's nice to see another big pair of titties in here. About all we usually see are girlie boobs."
I knew this flattery was getting to Dollie. I'll admit, those titties were bigger and fuller than ever before. I didn't blame the men. I couldn't stop staring at Dollies' tits every chance I got.
The guys asked us to follow them to a wall behind the bar with pictures on it. The wall was out of view to everyone except people behind the bar. After all, it was a family pizza shop and bar. They pointed out over two dozen topless women with boobs from A to DD, except for Mom Rosie with what appeared as DDD's, or more. Everyone said they need Dollies' tit picture on the picture wall.
Back then we'd never seen or heard about tit picture walls but Dollie posed for the wall in Mom and Pop's pizzeria back around 1971. We saw her picture one time as we returned for pizza the following week. Angelo told us the photo will be there forever.
Since then Dollies' tit photos have been on hundreds of picture walls in bars, motorcycle shops, and strip clubs. Many of those bars have changed owners, closed, or been demolished. Sometimes forever doesn't last.
Pop Angelo brought our pizza and we dug right in, half starved. I offered to share our pizza. The two men reminded us they'd ordered a pizza too. But they'd be glad to share Dollies' titties.
I forgot about Dollies' boobs being sunburned and lactating. I took this as a chance to watch my wife get her titties fondled. Without asking Dollie, I suggested the two men feel them and find out themselves how firm those tits were. I didn't have to say it twice. Each grabbed a tit with both hands, squeezed and rubbed, as Dollies' boobs squirted mothers milk all over the table, our pizza, and our beers. Mom Rosie to the rescue. She saw what was happening and brought towels, cleaning off the table and Dollies' boobies.
Rosie shouted "you need to empty your breasts soon. They feel like they are about to burst!"
I told Rosie we were looking for the drug store to buy a breast pump when we ended up here. Mom Rosie said she never had a breast pump. The way she always did it was to get Angelo or another man to nurse her.
I'm not sure who's idea it was and don't remember them asking. Both guys were hanging on tight, sucking and licking Dollies' squirting mammary glands. As I often saw when other adult males nursed Dollies' breasts, she couldn't hold still or keep quiet. Dollie squirmed, wiggled, moaned, and panted as those two young cowboys sucked the nectar from my wife's boobs for what seemed an hour. Of course it was only minutes.
Today's surprise pizza game was more than any of us expected. Dollie was saved when Angelo delivered the pizza to the cowboys' corner table. Our deluxe pizza with mothers milk wasn't bad tasting at all. Marguerite's rimmed with salt have nothing on the taste of mommies' milk on the rim of a beer mug!
We finished our beers and half the pizza then I asked for the check. Both Mom and Pop reminded us that the two men in the corner paid for our beers and the pizza was on the house. We thanked everyone for the entertaining time we had and we left. Free titties, pizza, and beer! God bless America!
Those black beers were a bit more than I could handle so we sat in the car for awhile. Dollie had removed her blouse to keep from getting vinegar and body lotion on it. Doing what we should have done earlier I was shortening Dollies' spaghetti straps. Dollie was sitting on the outer edge of the front seat, her feet on the gravel, rubbing vinegar on her bare boobies as the two men walked by to get in their pick up truck. Nice men that they were, both offered to apply more vinegar. I suggested they wait until the vinegar dries and they can rub some lotion on her tits to kill the vinegar smell.
With nothing to do but stare at two big red smelly boobies, we talked about camping, playing naked in streams, and past tittie games. Back then there were still many secluded places to spend time alone. Being locals, they gave me directions to other trails and streams to play in.
Then after a long gentle application of lotion on both boobies, we thanked the guys and turned back toward the drug store in town. Dollies' skinny strapped white top now covered all but a few inches of cleavage. With luck, we got the only breast pump there was. The nice druggist even told Dollie the proper way to use it, offering to demonstrate. Why didn't we take him up on the offer? I don't know. Why didn't we shorten those tank top straps earlier?... I think we all know that answer.
As I drove back to the campground Dollie used the breast pump to finish emptying both titties. Driving on narrow curvy mountain roads was never so difficult. We relaxed, ate more pizza, and talked about our latest pizza game. I played with her titties as Dollie surprised me with the following brief story. Later we fucked like crazy animals, just like we'd do after nearly all of our games.
The End.
DOLLIE'S SECRET
Dollie told me that ever since the first time I sucked milk from her boobs, and others did later, she was surprised with the feelings within her vagina. She explained it would contract, throb, and cause intense orgasms. Dollie told me that was why she was so willing to let Mona's husband and others nurse her over all of the years after she stopped nursing each of our three kids.
Here it was, three babies, a dozen or more men, and those two strangers at the Smokey Mountain pizzeria before I found out that my wife was being fucked by all of them! Okay, no intercourse, no penis in her pussy. Yet Dollie was getting off and feeling the same sensations she'd get when I fucked her.
After we returned home from that vacation we contacted the female friends who we knew and often saw nursing their husbands and other adult males. Mona, who nursed each of her large flock of kids for what seemed like two years or more each, plus her husband, admitted it was a sexual thing. Most of the other gals said it was like intercourse without a penis. Those actions and Dollie's sounds with the two young cowboys were nothing new.
Personally, I didn't care for the taste which left more for Mona's husband. But to see and hear Dollie act that way, I'd suck her titties when at home and while another male friend nursed from the other tit. Two men sucking Dollies' titties at the same time drove her insane. This in turn made her want me to fuck her very wet pussy.
We learned a lot over the years as we played. After that day in the mountains we kept extra clothes in our vehicles for covering or exposing more flesh. Most times when we left the RV or motel we had no idea where we were headed or what might happen.
In the long run most games, such as this one, would never happen if we weren't dressed for the occasion. Being topless or nude led to fondling. Fondling led to sucking. Sucking led to orgasms. Dollie sometimes leaked milk even after we retired which made for some exciting friendships now and then.