1876, the month of May.
Sugar Plum, Texas, population who cares, 3 just recently though. Ghost Town in the year 2021...
"RIDERS COMIN'. RIDERS COMIN'. "
"Calm yerself Boy. I can see that for myself." Deputy Ira Grennen narrows his eyes to pierce the distance, stepping down from the towns creaking boardwalk for a better look. Coming from the local mercantile in his afternoon walk as required by the Sheriff, he ushers the young children running rampant in their game of tag out of the middle of the street.
"You younguns go on home to yer mommas, until I know who our visitors might me." They hesitate briefly, disappointed on not getting a front row seat to watch the lawman at work. Irritated by their defiance he spits tobacco juice on the sand and snaps at them, "I SAID GET." A swift but harmless kick to one boy's behind sent the message clearly and all seven ran for the alleyways beyond the business district.
"They don't look Indian, or Mexican Ira." A feminine voice from the mercantile stops her sweeping to glare out toward the outskirts. "Who do you think they might be?"
"Dunno, Mrs. Carlyle. You step inside too. No tellin' if they're trouble or peaceful. With Tom gone I'm the only law in town."
"You want I should tell my husband to load his rifle and stand by you?"
"Have Wilbur pick up but stay inside unless he hears me yellin'."
"I'll just do that Ira."
"Thank ya, Loretta."
The woman hurries inside with her broom and rallies her man. In the meantime, Ira moves toward the center of the street, using his hand to shade his eyes, a tad more helpful than his hats brim could assist in. Ira Grennen was somewhat of a meek man at a mere five foot five in height. Lanky, but quick on his feet if need be. He had more guts than his build could carry, his only real claim to fame, and what got him the job was that he was a crack shot with a rifle, and lightning fast with a pistol. That and 20/20 vision to carry out that perfect shot.
"Well, I'll be... the lead rider's a woman. There be a sight ya don't see much." He observes another three minutes of riding time before a secondary revelation. "Are those fellas tied over their saddles?" His curiosity peaked enough to start walking toward the train of horses once the woman removed her Stetson and waved it his way. Seeing her long red hair billowing in the breeze Ira whistled. Not out of attraction, but of amazement.
Continuing his tour of the town in expectation of a friendly greet, Ira passed a number of businesses, ranging from a doctor's office, a Barbershop, the local Bank, and one side of a large Saloon cornering the two only streets in town. Not even the piano music stopped in preparation of the arrival. Those inside too busy drinking, playing cards, and pawing up the saloon girls. Daily ritual.
The closer Sadie Outlaw led her train of horses toward Ira the more she laughed inwardly, all she could think of was a Spaghetti Western, whistling theme and all. Reaching Ira's outstretched hand telling her that's far enough, she tips her hat up.
"Deputy Don Knotts?" She smirked.
"Never heard of no Deputy Knotts around here. Before me it was a fella name of Conway."
"No shit." She chuckles recalling the actors Tim Conway and Don Knotts being a laugh riot when she was a child. Her parents loved the old westerns. Even the comedic ones. Shaking off her amusement she watches the Deputy move around her leerily, uncertain what to make of her. Everything about her was not of his world. She rather enjoyed that fact. Friendly fear would be to her advantage. Wiping sweat from her exposed cleavage with her handkerchief she let Ira glance at her melons. He swallowed wryly at her performance and chose to skip over the fact that Sadie was most likely the prettiest girl he had ever seen.
Instead, Ira inspected the men tied and gagged over the saddles of six of the horses. The fact their pants were tugged down and their asses mooning him made him wince. Only their eyes looking up at Ira gave him somewhat of a clue they might be bad news. Well, that and the use of lipstick to write their names on their asses helped. He tried not to look at that part. Their sneers usually do that to a fella. Avoidance that is.
"What can I do for ya, Ma'am?"
"It's not what you can do for me Deputy Dawg. It's what I've done for you." She digs into her leather jacket and produces a bundle of ruffled up papers. Tugging her left glove off with her teeth she unfolds them for the Deputy. Looking through them she shares the wanted posters that gave away their identities and notoriety.
"Dillsby Gang." She compares posters with a point to each. "Sam, Spur, Sonny, and Shep. Coming up on the rear is Cletus Birch and Ned Potter. All six, pretty as ya please Deputy."
Pocketing her loose glove as she hands him the posters Sadie allowed him to venture about, examining their features, Sadie chose to stretch her legs. It had been a while riding to Sugar Plum so her body wasn't used to it. Bad enough, yesterday she had been roped spread eagle naked for the Dillsby's sexual fun. Not that it wasn't erotic to her hormonal escalation, one wrong move could have meant her being ripped apart limb from limb. Luckily, the horses liked her. That part still had her wondering, giving her the willies.
Dropping to the ground she stretches vibrantly. In doing so Ira caught a glimpse of her belly button, her white camisole riding high over her pants. Ira was torn between his nerves of these six desperados grunting violently behind their gags, and Sadie's sensuality. Rubbing his sleeve on his brow to wipe away perspiration, he turns back toward her.
"No offense Ma'am, but you sure don't dress like no lady. I figure I gotta insist you button up yer coat before the locals see ya. I surely don't wanna arrest ya for indecency after you went and did the impossible. How did ya...?"
"Catch the Dillsby's? I wore them out and whupped their asses." She walks over to Sam Dillsby and swats his ass. Even through his gag Ira Grennen could make out curses. "I'm just damn good at what I do Deputy Dawg."
"Grennen, Ma'am."
"Why yes you are." She winks at him, then looks about her at the town's populace being nosey, "Sheriff around so I can collect my reward for these bozos?"
"Sheriff Barrett's over in El Paso until tomorrow. I can't pay out no reward money myself. Ain't sure even Tom can. These fellas wiped our bank out. Unless ya'll brought back the money there's no payout."
"Hold up." Sadie winces connecting dots, "You're Grennen... He's Barrett?" Chuckling she shakes her head thinking to herself, "Grennen, Barrett. Priceless."
"Yes'm. We can lock these fellas up in the town jail until Tom gets back from El Paso. You're welcome to find a spot to hole up for the night Miss...?"
"Sadie..." She holds her breath realizing that using her true name of Outlaw might not go over so well. Not only that but should her ancestor Jessup Outlaw of the Texas Rangers come to town, the last name might bring about questions. Instead, she changes her last name to protect herself, "...L'Amour. Sadie L'Amour." One of her dad's favorite authors was Louis L'Amour. A tribute couldn't hurt. Of course, the Dillsby's knew her as Mae West. It was time to retail the ole' girl once and for all. Mad respect Mae.
"Sounds French." Ira comprehends the moniker as he notices that she still hadn't covered her perky tits. "Ms. L'Amour? I must insist ya cover up yer lady parts."
"Oh! Right. Sorry Deputy." She fidgets pinching her camisole at the top revealing even more, "You can't tell me the local Saloon gals hide more of their breasts than I am."
"God faring town, Ms. L'Amour. Chest may be, but not their tummy's. If'n ya don't mind."
"Fine!" She buttons her red leather coat up as high as it could go. Using her handkerchief to mask the leftover cleavage seemed to satisfy Ira. "Used to the freedom of the open range is all. You should see me ridin' all Lady Godiva like."
"That the name of yer horse?" Ira notes her horse to be male and narrows one eye.
"Not my horse. Lady Godiva's a... never mind. You need help lockin' these boys up?"
"That would be helpful Ma'am."
"Call me Sadie."
"Ira." He begins untying Spur Dillsby the youngest first. Dragging him over the saddle until he collapses on the ground. By now, the remainder of the locals who had been watching in the safety of shelter, began pouring out to begin their gossip. Instant recognition of Sam Dillsby as Sadie yanks him to the street dramatically, riles up their chatter. That, and the fact she was such a strong woman, something most folks had never witnessed before. Sadie liked that. Her senses heightened; her hearing let her in on the masses. The women were more in awe than the men. The men were more interested in Sadie's body. Some things never change. Let 'em.
Sadie was just recently explored those heightened talents. If she had adapted before running into the Dillsby's blindly, things might have gone differently. She was still new to not only herself, but of her surroundings. Even after being somewhat willingly raped by the gang, she could still feel her hormones raising hell within her. Tingles between her thighs had to be put under control before she did something stupid. The laws in this era were a far cry from those in the year 2022. Who knows what might get her arrested. Knowing the men around her were undressing her with their eyes didn't help. Of course, she was undressing a few of them herself. The only thing keeping her at bay was the fact that in her time these fellas were all residing in some cemetery plot rotting. A dead lay kept her somewhat amused.
With the assist of more local gents, the Dillsby Gang had their pants pulled up then marched toward the jail. All of the gang tried their best to steer clear of Sadie. Ira noticed their fear and wondered what could possibly set them off so much. Sadie was just a woman. Ira would learn differently as time went on.
Reaching the interior of the jail, Ira nudged each of the gang into a single cell, as cramped as it was. Allowing a local man to untie their wrists while Ira held them at gun point, Sadie sat in the Sheriff's chair and stretched back, planting her boots on the desk before her. Hearing it creak Ira frowned at her yet allowed her to get away with it.
"So, can I get that reward when Barrett comes back or not?" Sadie winks at Sam Dillsby's sneer.
"I'm thinkin' Judge Bean has to have a say on it. Maybe get some money brought in. We've never caught a wanted man before to go payin' out any reward money. That, and... you being a woman. Judge Bean might not feel a lady has any right to it."
"No right to it? Well, why don't we just release these boys here and now then? I did all the work I better get paid. I need money Grennen."
The Dillsby's hearing her mention release put up their hands and begged to stay in lockup. Ira and his helpers listen to their ramblings and wonder what this woman could have done to make them fear her so.
"Don't let us go Deputy." Ned Potter whimpered, "She's plumb loco. I'd rather face the hangman."
"Calm yerself." Ira locks the cell up tight and steps back to eye Sadie's legs. With a nudge of his rifle, he removes them from the desk. "All I can suggest Miss L'Amour is you find a warm place to sleep tonight. Tom can figger this out tomorrow."
Sadie sighs and stands up. As she bends over to straighten a pant leg, even Ira admires her bottom. Tightest ass in the west. That was her thought, not his. His was more thoughtful. Her jeans were nothing like any material he had ever seen in any mercantile.
"Where you from Miss L'Amour?"
"Made in New York City." She had to laugh. Sadie knew where this was headed.
"Are... those trousers comfy? Not much room to breathe in 'em."
"Well, I don't have any parts that need to breath now do I? Least ways none that make the fit... less comfy."
"I reckon not."
"I thought you said your name was Mae West." Sam Dillsby, the only one of the brothers not to show fear of her spoke up, leaning on the cell bars with a tight grip.
"You really think I'm gonna tell you my real name Dilly the Kid?"
"Deputy? Mark my words when I say, you have the Devil's daughter standin' there before ya."
"Could be true Grennen. I sure could use a smoke. Where can I find a place to lay my weary horns?"
"Millie's boarding house above the saloon. That, and the Barber, Edward Pike has a room he rents out for a night on occasion. Padre... naw... I won't steer ya that direction."
"Barber got a bathtub?"
"If'n not he has a pitcher and bathing bowl."
"I could use a shave. I think ole' Edward's just the guy for me."
"Shave?"
"Yup. Legs and as you call it... lady parts."
"That's a tad unladylike ain't it?" Grennen winces.
"For you maybe. I like things silky as a baby's bottom."
Ira swallows while pausing to refrain himself from saying anything further. He chalked up her hygiene habits as being a city girl. He had heard places like New York and the eastern seaboard bred the strange ones. He hadn't even noticed her tattoos to form any further opinion. Not even the fuck you fingertips rising over her cleavage, her coat masking eighty percent of them. If he did Ira kept it to himself. Gentleman that he was.
"What about the horses?" Sadie turns to the door opening it, letting in sunlight, "I'm keeping Sam's horse. Not thievin', just as part of my reward. Lost my own horse out in the desert." She lied of course, unless she counted the wild horse she intended to hijack.
"O'Malley's stable down the street on the edge of town. I'll have Shaunesy here lead you there and claim yer belongings."
"Why are you givin' her my horse?" Sam Dillsby growls.
"You ain't gonna need it no more." Grennen shakes his head, "Soon as yer tried, it's a safe bet yer all facing the hangman. Bank robbin' and shootin' good men down gets ya there."
"Don't count on that Deputy."
"Why? You plannin' on breakin' out?"
Dillsby hisses and shuts his mouth. He and his boys would buy their time. Sam Dillsby always had a plan. One that he would keep to himself. That suited Sadie just fine. She really didn't want to tussle with the gang a second time. Instead, she followed Shaunesy out into the street. Grennen stepping out behind her found her butt wiggle too irresistible to ignore. Only his words lifted his gaze to beg forgiveness from a higher power. Sadly, as soon as his prayer was over, he looked again.
"I'll have Tom come find ya when he gets back."
"I'll be waitin'. Quit yer gawkin' at my ass Deputy. Don't think I ain't noticed."
"Sorry Miss L'Amour. It's those trousers."
"Like they're painted on ain't it?"
"I reckon."
"In case yer wonderin'... 38-24-36."
"Numbers were never my thing Miss Sadie."
"You should see me in my pajamas. Oh, wait! I don't wear any. Be seein' ya Deputy Dawg."
Scowling at her, he again points out her mistake. "Grennen."
"Why yes I am." She winks then begins her journey toward the stables. In the trek across town Shaunesy tips his derby attempting conversation with her for the first time. The train of horses, uncaring as long as they could relax.
"People are lookin' ye over Miss L'Amour. They do'na know what to make of ya Lass."
"Irish, huh? Damn, some good ole' Irish whiskey sounds good about now."
"Ye drink?"
"Like a fish Shaun. Bet your ass I can drink any man here under the table."
"Now that I'd be makin' a wager on."
"Best be on me."
"Me brother Dooley can drink for days and ne'er teeter."
"You buy the bottle I'll prove ya wrong."
"He be busy at Millie's. They be havin' an arm wrestlin' contest. Winner gets a girly."
"Oh yeah? I'm pretty good with the ole' arm." She recalls her days in the middle east, namely Iraq and Afghanistan, challenging her fellow soldiers to make the time pass. Sadie knew she was tough as nails shredding a chalkboard. "Maybe I'll stop in there after I get me a room and a bath."
"Do ye have money?"
"Yeaaaa! About that... not until I get my reward money." Sadie had really hoped to set comfy with money adequate for the time period. She realized that not having money might make her have to bunk outside of town. She really wanted a taste of comfort.
"We be billin' ya for the horse keep then."
"Only that horse, the others are on the Dillsby's. I'll figure it out, don't you worry Kentucky Derby." She reaches over and flicks the brim of his actual derby hat.
"Ne'er been to Kentucky. When me and me brother and sister came west, we took the southern way, across the bayou and all."
"That had to suck."
"Twas not fun."
"If I run into boarding problems, you mind if I bunk with my horse?"
"Ye can bunk with me." He chuckles.
"Gonna put that bushy moustache to use if I do?" Eyes flaring, he grins heavily, then puckers for a kiss. She pats his cheek and tilts his chin down. "Not where you'll be kissin' Shaun. I'll keep ya in mind." He seriously had no clue what she meant. Shaking her head she grunts, "Tickle my fancy? Eat me? Lick it like a lizard?" His expression bewildered she winces, "You a virgin Shaun?"
"Now that isn'a polite to be askin' a Laddie." He flounders a bit, "Nay!"
"Yup, sounds like a stable boy, mimicin' horses, but prolly not hung like one." She scowls, "I say what I want." She slaps him on the ass forcing him to grumble at her, when the sounds of more horses took their attentions in a different direction. The stable had a large corral where three men were trying to break a wild horse. A gorgeous black stallion with a fiery red mane and skirted hooves. The second Sadie set eyes on the horse rearing up on its hind legs defensively, she halted in her tracks.
"That be Inferno. He be the Devil's steed."
"My kind of pony."
"Ain't no breakin' the beastie. We've had him pinned up for three weeks now. All we get is grief and bruises."
"Maybe you boys just don't know how to lower the flames."
"No Lad will ride the fire I fear."
"Put a Y in that Lad. Lady might." She was seriously drawn to the horse. Fuck Sam Dillsby's spotted ghoul of a horse. This new car was her Jaguar.
"Ye be visitin' Doc Hollister if'n ye try."
"Maybe. Maybe not. Let me grab my pack and guns. You board up the Dillsby herd I'll check back with you later if I can't get a room. Comb out that bird's nest on yer lip I might be sittin' there later."
"Ye be a strange one Miss L'Amour."
"Nothin' like a bit of strange to keep the juices flowin'." She untethers her bag and collects her Winchester. Not a word had been said about her gaudy backpack, nor its size. After seeing her clothes, the rest was left to shrug over. "I'll be hittin' up Millie's saloon after I shave my legs. If you wanna buy that bottle and feel how smooth they are you just drop on in."
"I be headin' that way to pat me brother on the back and share in his winnin's."
"So, you and Drooley share yer women?"
"Nay what I meant Lass. Do folks where ye be from do such a thing?"
"All the time. Hell, I fucked all six of the Dillsby Gang in order to catch them. 'Tween you and me? Ain't a one of 'em that's got any stamina. Ready when you and Drooley are."
"Stami-what?"
"You'll figger it out Shaun. Just ask the saloon gals when ya visit."
Speechless he watched her walk away. Having heard her admission he wasn't certain what she meant. So many strange words. What in the world was fucked? He would get a lesson on her lingo over the following week. This wasn't a TV show, some words had just never been adopted. Until they met Sadie Out-L'Amour.
Waltzing back into the center of town she heard people on the boardwalk whispering. Easy enough to know she was the only topic of conversation. Ignoring Grennen's recommendation of covering up her cleavage she let her breasts bob about for a lustful visual. The women folk were less than happy with their men ogling her. Sadie had to snicker.
Passing the saloon, she found a pair of working girls standing outside hoping to draw in men. Homely at best Sadie thought. It was pretty obvious they weren't eating enough. Their eyes found Sadie a threat. Sadie knew she was a supermodel on a dirt path runway. Wagging her tongue at the women sent them bolting inside. "Reckon they don't know how to say howdy."
Reaching the only side street in town she peered beyond the business district. Realizing there were actual houses on the other side of the main street she chose to explore a bit before heading to the Barber's. The homes were large, two of them with white picket fences. In passing one house she discovered a thin black woman hanging fresh laundry on a line. To Sadie, the woman looked what she considered a slave in the deep south. She knew slavery had been abolished, which made her wonder if someone of power had been ignoring Lincoln's release.
The woman seeing Sadie smiles shyly, then returns to her pinning up of clothing. Fidgeting a bit over it Sadie determined that it wasn't her business. She just needed her money then find a place to kick back in for a week or two. She did want to venture out to the settlement of Next of Kin which would one day be her hometown of Kinship. If she was going to be stuck here in this time period, she at least needed to feel a closeness to reality. If it didn't get her killed. Even a ride into Comanche territory to meet the ancestors of Newt and Boone might be in her best interest. Food for thought. Luckily, she had a granola bar in her bag, the only thing left that the Dillsby's hadn't devoured. She wondered what the saloon had to offer in way of dinner. "Shit! No money for that neither. Probably give me diarrhea anyways. Course, I do have that advanced healin' thing goin' on so maybe not. Damn! I need to use the little girl's outhouse."
Ignoring the locals, she locates the Barbershop by finding a post wrapped in red, white, and blue ribbons. At least this Edward was patriotic. Good timing with the Centennial two months away. Reaching the front door Sadie peers inside the window and spots a lank but handsome middle-aged man who graced another bushy moustache like Shaunesy had. At least being a Barber, the man looked clean and well groomed. Pretty darn handsome too.
Barging in through a creaky door Edward looks up from reading a thin newspaper. News from all over Texas appeared in the thin pamphlet. Spotting her, Edward jumped to his feet out of shock. She surmised that he had forgone her arrival to town earlier. Probably a good thing.
"You must be Edward. I hear you offer a good shave."
"Best around... the local men all look spiffy I say." He puts his hands in his pocket to settle down a tempting arousal over her beauty.
"How's about the local women?"
"I'm afraid I rarely... never get females lookin' for a clean shave." He uses one hand to rub his thin beard chuckling. "Unless they bring their young ones by for a trim."
"Yeah? Well, I need a trim. Mind if I borrow some shavin' cream?"
He appears puzzled as she rests her pack and rifle against a wall. Seeing her tight backside even poor Edward struggled to behave. Spotting folks outside looking through his sole window he hesitated long enough to grasp what they were staring at. It was certainly not any male customers looking for a snip or five. They were all admiring Sadie.
"Looks like you have some admirers Miss."
"Sadie." She reacts with a sly grin, "Let 'em admire. You admirin' Eddie?"
"I am ever the gentleman Miss Sadie." He took pride straightening up his vest and rolling his palms over his pants. Fingertips found an erection that he swiftly evaded. She winced at his reluctance to share his interest in her. A strict stare at him lowered his gaze toward her pants as she relinquishes her gun belt tossing it over her bag. Once set aside she faces Edward and reaches in to unfasten her jeans. Halting at her button she hisses and removes her leather jacket instead. The second her bare shoulders slip into view Edward becomes edgy. He had never seen a camisole shirt before now. Thin spaghetti straps holding it over her massive cleavage makes him pause and tremble.
"For a gentleman yer sure checking out my girls Eddie."
"Madame I must insist that you cover yourself. The locals are... watching."
"Like I said Ed, let 'em. I got nothing to hide." She returns to her jeans after laying her coat over the back of the chair. Once her zipper slipped down revealing thin lacey boy shorts Edward sparked into action. Turning his back to her, he bolts to close his curtains and head outside to disperse the audience. Out there for four minutes he hears of Sadie bringing in the Dillsby gang singlehandedly. That alone made Edward Pike appear awestruck.
Hesitant to linger much longer outdoors, he excuses himself and returns to the shop. He had to resist three men yearning to wait inside for a haircut. Edward knew it was only to see Sadie stripping down, he had recently cut one man's hair just yesterday. Bolting his door after putting his weight into it, he turns the open sign to close. Once succeeding he wipes his brow before turning to face Sadie. She had already removed her boots and jeans. In just those five minutes she had found his water basin and wetted her legs. Lathering brush in hand she began to bend over to coat her stubble.
"THAT is my job, Miss Sadie." He rushes to claim his equipment. She had been eying his razors laying open in their case.
"About time you took interest Eddie."
"Please Miss Sadie, take a seat."
"Sounds good to me. Got any talcum powder? All that time in the saddle I'm a tad chaffed 'tween my thighs." She shares a redness between her legs, knowing her nanites would heal the soreness shortly. He swallowed not just at her barely covered lady parts but also at her dueling rattlesnake tattoos.
"I do indeed. Sit. T-those are some quite realistic snakes if you don't mind my sayin'."
"Well, ain't you gettin' all dominatin'? Kinda suits ya Ed. Plenty more tats where those came from." She pats her chest first, then her backs eagle. Showing them off allowed him a hearty look over her perfect backside. His erection posing hard made him know he needed to sit himself in order to hide it.
"I SAID SIT."
"Yes Sir." She winks at him taking her seat, poising her left leg outward, toes touching his crotch. So much for masking his erection. His eyes dropped to the probing toes, and he clears his throat.
"You are quite the aggressor Miss Sadie."
"Can be. Start latherin'. I need to find me a place to stay for the night." She hides her knowledge of his upstairs boarding room, curious to see if he would jump at the chance to beg her to stay.
Moving away from her touch he drags a small table closer to her chair, then relocates his water basin and lathering bowl. A small wooden box in the corner used for guests to sit on became his working seat. Once positioned between her legs he sets about shaving his first ever set of female legs. Strangely he was rather nervous.
"Relax Eddie. I don't need a couple dozen knicks."
"I shall be careful Miss Sadie."
"Just Sadie."
"I prefer Edward over Ed or Eddie." He insists.
"Alright, Handsome Edward." She tips her Stetson forward over her brow shading her eyes as if ready to take a nap. "Wake me when the jobs done."
"As you wish." He begins dampening her legs more and lathering portions instead of an entirety. Standing one more time he steps over to his counter space and brings his razors down next to him. Choosing the razor, he favored most he gently removes her leg hairs. As he finished up her left leg from the knee down, he looks up at her chest. Her nipples were stabbing hard through her thin red camisole, one strap having drooped from her shoulder over her bicep. It was then that he realized just how muscular she was. Wiping his drool on his shirt sleeve he lathers up her upper thighs. In shaving her his hands grew closer and closer to her inner rash. Not wanting to hurt her he ends his upward journey in favor of lifting her leg gently, planting her socked heel on his shoulder. Shaving the back of her upper leg with ease he lowers her foot down to begin work on her other leg. He was sweating up a storm. Completing his task, he opts to roll a fingertip along her rattlesnake tattoo, marveling at the artwork.
"Did... they hurt?" He realizes her eyes watching him.
"Not bad. I handle pain pretty well. Mind if I finish up?" She lifts her butt up from the chair and eases her boy shorts down to her upper thighs. Her pussy was now in full blossom for him to peruse. "Might as well slick up the ole' whistler." He insists on moistening her with his fingers then dabbing lather over her sparsely thin pubes. "I'll be takin' the razor Edward."
"I am quite capable." He really wanted to shave her. Sadie was partial to her vagina though. Not that he couldn't do a decent job, but she wanted everything intact. Reluctantly, he relinquished his razor after wiping it on a towel draped over his shoulder. Watching her shave, he stood up to stretch. He noted her eyes darting back and forth from her intimate shave and his swollen crotch. After admiring her body since he began his grooming, he suddenly felt like showing off.
"So, Edward..." She looks up halting her delicate shave so close to her hood. "Know where I can bed down for a night or three? I heard Millie's has a hot bath. I apologize for the body odor." Not that it was bad, her nanites Febreezing her sweat glands to mimic her favorite perfume. "For that matter, I'm gonna need a cozy outhouse here soon."
He hadn't noticed it until she revealed the apology. "I have a piss bucket in back. I fear my home has very few amenities. A city gal such as yourself, I imagine that you understand. Sugar Plum being in the middle of a desert."
"Millie got a well?"
"She does indeed. Her husband Alfred is well to do. That's why he owns the saloon."
"Brothel."
"That as well."
"You frequent Millie's?" She touches herself up, her fingers rolling pleasantly over her clit. He swallowed dryly observing her taunt.
"I fear I do not frequent the brothel. I rarely imbibe."
"You gay?"
"Pardon? I am quite happy I suppose."
"Not what I... forget it. Yer hard on says it all. About that sleeping room?"
"I do have a room upstairs next to my own. I suppose I could offer it for a small price." He offers his towel for her to wipe off. As she covers her pussy back up with her boy shorts, she sits back lifting her Stetson, allowing him to see her eyes better.
"I reckon you heard about my bringing in the Dillsby's?"
"Indeed. Impressive I must say."
"Thanks. I'm a tad broke until I get my reward money."
"The Dillsby's just robbed our bank most recent."
"Not my money though. Nor, theirs. It's gonna go back where the good people need it. When they fess up as to where the loot is."
"Quite honorable."
"So... can I get you to take an I.O.U.?"
"I... don't know Sadie. I've never heard of no lady bounty hunters. Are you certain the law will give a lady any reward? Good deed or not."
"They better." She frowns at that possibility. Inwardly, she consults her A.I. Psi, Tilly Ford. "Can you hear me Tilly?"
"I can Sadie. How may I be of service?"
"What are my chances of getting the reward money for capturing the Dillsby's?"
"Very slim I am afraid. Your idea to earn income has merit, but the officials in 1876 are unaccustomed to women showing men up."
"Impossible?"
"You have already rewritten history by capturing the Dillsby's. Anything is possible."
"Have I affected time any?"
"I can only offer what history accounts for. If you have altered the timeline, I can tell you that no woman in the town of Sugar Plum ever received any reward."
"Well damn. I guess I need to alter it more, so I get that money. I don't wanna whore myself out, nor do I wanna stoop so low as to become a thief."
"Be careful Sadie."
"Yep. I'll figure it out."
"Are you alright?" Edward fans his hand over Sadie's eyes in her withdrawn state.
"Dandy Edward. One time offer. I don't want you thinkin' bad of me, no worse than showin' off my... girly stuff, but... how's about my I.O.U. becomin' me and you. Three days with a roof over my head and you can have yer way with me."
"I... I'm afraid I'm rather speechless Sadie. I... don't want you to think badly of me either. I... don't normally concede to loneliness."
"Been awhile Edward?"
"A long while I'm afraid. Not since I moved to Texas from Virginia."
"You think it over. I'm not gonna be offended if you say no. I'm gonna mosey on over to Millie's and grab me a bath." She stands tall and moves to pick up her pants. Before putting them on she leers over her shoulder. "Borrow that bucket?"
"Of course. It's behind that door." He watches her wiggle through the door and leave it open. Out of sight he hears her urinating in the wood bucket. The pungent odor of piss made him rub his nose. Once she was done, she stepped halfway out the door before wincing.
"Where do you flush it? I mean dump it."
"There's a hole dug just out back."
"Ouch. Want me to go dump it?"
"I can do it. You are definitely somethin' Sadie."
"Can I stop by after Millie's?" She pulls her pants up and steps into her boots.
"Wait. You forgot your talcum powder." He begins to go to a cabinet shelf. Stopping him by grabbing his arm she drags him to her and plants a steamy kiss over his lips. Edward Pike melted. Once the kiss ended, she sighed.
"Talcum might do better after my bath."
"Somethin' indeed." He smiled. "My bedroom faces the street. Toss a rock at the wood to let me know yer back. I'll be closing my barbershop shortly."
"That or you can close up now," She turns her gaze at an already turned sign, ", and go share a bath with me. Maybe grab a drink?"
"Need I remind you that you have no money, that and Alfred may not serve you. Perhaps I should accompany you after all." He really did want to bathe with beautiful Sadie.
"Gonna break that imbibin' rule you got?"
"Perhaps one."
"I hear there's an arm wrestlin' contest. Maybe I can win enough to pay for my room, and our drinks."
"Against Dooley Finn? I think your I.O.U. would be much safer."
"You just wanna put that inside me Eddie." She winks gripping his crotch. "Works for me."
"Dear lord woman."
"I'll be yellin' the Oh God's... unless yer... somehow, I think yer gonna be good in bed. Lock up Scalper." As she put her coat on and picked up her things, he snatched up his own coat and did just that. Edward Pike followed her like a lost puppy.
********
The Saloon known as the Fox Hole. Proprietors Alfred and Millie DuPont, formerly of St. Louis, Missouri. Formerly, of Paris, France. So, they say.
At the swinging doors Sadie peered over absorbing the atmosphere. A thin piano player offered simple songs for the local entertainment. Seven cowboys stood at the bar drinking, while two tables were in use for poker, and the arm wrestling. Nothing was all that active at the moment. Mostly, drinking and flirting with the saloon girls. One of which was Millie herself. Being the Madame, she made it an effort to coax the men into bedding girls of her choosing. The two women Sadie had seen earlier noticed her standing outside the door and pointed her out to Millie.
Once Millie stirred the entire room reacted. Even those at the bar instinctively. Alfred a burly man in his 50's narrowed his eyes as Edward moved through the door first and extended a hooked arm for Sadie to claim. Instead, Sadie slapped him on the back and carried her things inside. Crossing the threshold saw Alfred rile up, "NO WOMEN UNLESS YE WORK HERE."
"Relax... Alfred, is it?" Sadie lowered her pack for Edward to hold.
"It is. Like I said... NO WOMEN..."
"I just wrangled the Dillsby Gang and yer gonna deny me a celebratory drink and a hot bath?"
The room busted up laughing. One man standing at the bar shook his head, "You had help. Ain't no woman that tough."
"Oh yeah?" Sadie passes her rifle to Edward who appeared nervous. "Keep it together Eddie. I got this." A pat on his cheek to calm the Barber, Sadie steps toward the bar. Moving in front of the man who made the comment she sized him up. Nothing too brutal she projected. Knowing that her body was now as strong as the peak dexterity of three men Sadie Outlaw grew some balls. Not only that, but she was a black belt and knew many forms of 21st. century combat techniques. Today Sadie needed to earn her respect.
"Gotta name?" She aimed for knowledge first.
"Brutus Kincaid. What's it too ya?"
"Did you say BRUISE US KINCAID?" That gathered snickers at his expense. Most folks there just held their breath to see what would happen.
"Don't make me hit no woman."
"Doubt ya could Brutus. You can try."
After a staring contest Brutus opted for a more threatening tactic. Producing a knife, he poises it at her chin. She allowed it knowing that it was just him showing off. Still, his expression did look deadly serious.
"Already shaved my legs once today, Brutus. Just ask the Barber."
"She did." Eddie nodded and acknowledged it around the house.
"Maybe I'll just scalp ya like an Injun."
Before he could taunt her any further, she snatches his wrist making him cringe at her strength. Taking his knife from him she flips it in her free hand before throwing it. The blade found its trajectory ending in a support beam holding the up the upstairs of the bar. Right next to a leaning cowboy. The man nearly shits his pants eying the blade.
"I'll say it again. I deserve a drink and a hot bath. I'm thinkin' Brutus here is buyin' my whiskey."
"WE DON'T SERVE WOMEN." Alfred repeats leaning on the bar with muscular arms.
"Nice arms Alfie. I bet you give ole' Dooley a run for his money arm wrestlin'." She turns looking for the likeliest candidate to be Dooley himself.
"Don't be foolin' ye'erself Lassie. I beat him every time." Dooley acknowledges his presence.
"There's Drooley. Shaunesy told me you'd be here. You can buy me my second drink."
"Ye know me brother?"
"Yep. Nice fella Shaun. He says yer one tough Shamrock."
"That I be." He lifts his arm to show off bulging biceps.
"Look at those arms girls. If those don't make ya wet, I don't know what will." Sadie winks at the two thin girls sitting on laps. Two other girls shyly hiding in a corner.
Millie chooses now to stand up from sitting on her own gentleman's lap. Stepping over to the support beam she attempts to pry the knife from the wood. Unsuccessful she abandons it. From that point man after man tried their best to yank it free hoping to show their superiority. All failed miserably.
"Yer turn Drooley." Sadie smirks, using this test to size him up, "Show these folks just how tough you are."
Grunting at her Dooley kicks his chair away as his weight leaves its seat. With a snap at his suspenders and a chuckle he marches past Sadie and a haunted Brutus to face the blade. Knuckles creaking, he grips down on the hilt and winces. Tug after tug he tried to pull it free. After several tries Dooley growls and gives up.
"Oh, come on." Sadie shakes her head and steps around Dooley patting his bicep with a wink. "Nice muscles Drooley." Positioning herself she really hoped that even she had the strength to make her point. Dooley was a big boy, possibly as strong as three men himself. If her endeavor failed, she was going to look stupid. Success might show Alfred that he should make an exception.
Gripping the knife hilt, she takes a deep breath. Wiggling it ever so slightly up and down to loosen it she grits her teeth. The entire saloon watched awaiting a good chuckle at her expense. Eyelids sealed Sadie strains. Hearing creaks in the wood she knew that the blade wanted its freedom again. Without resorting to snarling she tugs even harder. This time the creaks becomes shredding noises. Out came the blade, with it a chunk of the wooden beam. Free now Sadie opened her eyes and admired a three-inch chunk of wood clinging to the blade.
"Well now." Sadie releases her held breath and turns to Millie behind her with her arms folded.
"You owe us for that post."
"Put it on my tab."
"You do not have a tab." Millie sneers.
Dooley steps up astonished by Sadie's feat and examines the beam before twisting in step, "I can fix this Madame Millicent."
"Mad Millie. I like that." Sadie winks at her, "Thanks Drooley. Care to arm wrestle me for a bath?"
"What do I get if ye lose?" He laughs then eyes the beam with a blink of worry.
"You can wash me... and Edward up."
"Ye maybe. Not no Laddie."
"Well, Eddie's gonna bathe with me soooo..."
"DON'T SERVE NO WOMEN." Alfred slams a fist on his bar jarring bottles and small glasses.
"Might I buy her a bath at least?" Edward speaks up.
Millie pauses Alfred with a palm to quiet his temperament. "A bath cannot hurt." She eyed Sadie from head to toe. Sadie immediately knew her thoughts were on making Sadie a working girl. As if. Well, maybe temporarily if need be.
"Might as well work up a sweat before that bath. You duelin' dukes with me Dooley?" The room suddenly encourages the Irishman to accept Sadie's offer. The saloon girls move in beside Dooley caressing his arms to get him to consider it, just how Millie trained them. The winner did get an hour with a girl of his choice.
"I win you can have the girl. All I want is a hot bath, a meal, and a bottle for me and Eddie."
"NO WOMEN..." Alfred begins to snap when Millie points at him. He immediately bites his tongue.
"I believe we can honor that just this once." Millie turns with a sly smile, "After all, she did bring in the Dillsby's. Perhaps, she is deserving."
"Love the blue petticoat Mad Millie." Sadie looks her over before stepping to Brutus and handing him back his knife. As he examines the wood it was still holding captive Sadie swings around him and grabs his glass of whiskey. Downing it in one gulp she shivers with a smirk. "Damn! Was that water?"
"Best whiskey this side of the Rio Grande."
"Course it is. Tequila south of the river makes that horse piss look bad. I'll settle for a bottle though." She watches Brutus bending over to step on the wood in order to remove his blade. Succeeding finally, he kicks the chunk aside and sheaths his knife. "We good Brutus?"
"That was my drink." He narrows his eyes, almost spooked. "What I owed ya I reckon."
"That's the spirit. Thank ya Brutus." A pat on his back she moves toward the tables and takes a seat next to where Dooley had been sitting. Propping her elbow up on the table she exhales, "You comin' Dooley? That's what she said." She points at the girl on his right arm. The girl brightened her eyes up. Without understanding the jest she knew in her heart what Sadie meant. For once the girl smiled.
"Go on Dooley. Win me." The girl giggles.
After a leery stare into the girl's eyes he nods, "For ye Vera... I would chase the Devil back to 'Ell." Cracking his knuckles, he steps to the table and glares down at Sadie. Hearing the folks in the bar mumbling he sits his chair upright and takes a seat. Before he plants an elbow on the table, he hears the swinging doors squeak wide. In steps Dooley's brother Shaunesy. Shocked to see Sadie admitted to the bar the shorter brother takes his derby off politely toward Millie and shuffles to his brother's side.
"Howdy Shaun. Here to see me whupp yer brother's ass?"
"Ye not be bestin' me, Lass." Dooley snaps back.
"Don't be embarrassin' ye'rself Lassie." Shaunesy leans into whisper in her ear.
"Let's clarify Drooley... if I win you still get what's her name over there."
"That be Vera."
"It's a pleasure Vera. Why don't you go fluff up the pillows and change into somethin' a lil' more comfortable. Dooley's gonna be up as soon as I beat him." She sighs, "After he buys me that bottle of whiskey and pays for my bath. That a deal... even if I AM lucky enough to beat ya Drooley?"
Shaunesy places a hand on his brothers shoulder out of respect. "I be wagin' on ye Brother."
"In that case..." Sadie sighs louder this time, "Any money I win from you boys pays for the horses in yer stable... and Edward over there for three days room and board. We can even go two outta three if ya want."
"Ye be awful confident." Shaunesy steps back, holding his derby out to the local gentlemen, "Place ye'er bets." A second longer to grab his brother's hat as a secondary for Sadie's wagers.
Without a thought everyone placed their money on Dooley to win, filling Shaunesy's derby. Only Edward steps forth to place a wager on Sadie. She smiled up at him for his faith in her. Sadie noted that he still had a mighty large erection.
"Whene'er ye be ready." Shaunesy holds the money to his chest.
Manning up, Dooley rested his elbow on the table and reached for Sadie's hand. Following his lead, she positions herself and accepts his sweaty palm. Fingers curling tightly, she could feel his strength. To his surprise he could also feel hers. He had never felt a woman's grip be so strong. For the first time ever, Dooley Finn knew a hint of fear. There was something about this woman. Even if she did share in their fiery red hair.
"We countin' to three or just goin' for it?" Sadie squinted.
As if out of the woodwork the bartender/ owner of the saloon Alfred stepped out and held both of their fists as if giving his blessing. With a gruff command he bellowed, "DUEL."
Both Dooley and Sadie struggled to remain in charge. Once Dooley saw her struggle he grinned and proceeded to grow confident in his win. Three minutes later they were still battling. Sadie didn't even express weariness. Whistling as they tilted back and forth made Dooley snap, "Will ye stop yer siren song."
"Just lettin' you tire some Big Boy."
"As am I Lass. Do ye give?"
"Oh, I give with the best of the gals." She uses her free hand as if giving a blowjob, her tongue inside her cheek pushing out. The men all laugh at her realizing what she meant. Even Millie admired the woman's abilities.
"One of three Dooley." She teeters him into a downward strain. Everyone in the saloon held their breath knowing they could lose their money over a woman. Shaunesy paced from side to side before circling the table. Verbal encouragement toward his brother seemed fleeting. In a blur Sadie drops Dooley's knuckles to the table. "THERE'S ONE!"
As everyone hissed out of displeasure Sadie felt their loyalty toward Dooley. Seeing his expression of shock and anger she put up her palms to calm him.
"Easy Tiger. It's just a game. You still got two chances. Win both you owe me nothin'. You still get to bed down Vera."
"Ye won't be so lucky this time Lass."
"No four-leaf clovers in my cereal box. Let's go."
Fingers entwining yet again, she battles him for four minutes, before feigning her loss of energy. Losing to him Dooley stands up to honor the cheers. Once the hoopla fades Sadie pats the tabletop. "Final round. Winner takes all. We still good on what the stakes are Dooley?"
"Aye. Ye be goin' down Lassie."
"Not on you. That's Vera's job." She riled a round of laughter.
Prepping further, Sadie notices Edward grinning up a storm. He was enjoying himself. Seeing her looking his way he made a two-handed boxing gesture to spark his loyalty in her favor. She had to snicker at his crude behavior, closest thing to a thumbs up in this era she suspected. As Alfred begins their final battle the two warriors resist the urge to give up. Sadie knew she was going to win, but her heart discovered sad faces on Shaunesy and some of the men. She hated to see them lose, yet she really needed the benefits they had agreed upon. Sorry Dooley.
"WINNAH!" Alfred growled with distaste. Dooley dropped his head into his arms out of defeat. No sooner than Sadie won she rose to her feet and snatched up Vera's wrist. Taking her over to Dooley she kicked his boot to force his attention.
"Take Vera up there and have a good time Drooley." She points directly at Vera's nose, "I better hear you moanin' up a storm."
"Yes'm." Vera nodded with a shy grin.
Releasing her into Dooley's lap, Sadie turned to face Shaunesy, "Gimme half that loot. Rest pays for the horses, bath, and whiskey. My half pays Eddie there for my head rest." Shaunesy sets his derby on the table and divides it up. Shirking on a dollar Edward leans over his shoulder.
"I do believe you miscounted Mister Finn."
"Did I now?" Shaunesy grimaces as Sadie snaps his suspender.
"Don't make me regret splittin' that fifty fifty."
Recounting he adds a dollar to her half and coughs up, "Forgive me Lass. It twas the heat of the moment as they say."
"I'll heat your backside Irish." She snatches up her earnings and looks toward Millie and Alfred, "One bottle. One bath for two. I'll be on my way."
Millie motions for two of her girls to go out back and draw a trough of hot water. "Give the ladies a bit to fetch the water and heat it up. Alfred dearest? Bring the lady a bottle."
"WE DON'T..."
"SHUT UP ALFRED." Millie shows her authority. Grumbling in as many curse words as he could muster Alfred brought back a bottle of whiskey with two glasses. Biting the cork off Sadie sat down at the wrestling table and poured shots for she and Edward. Noticing Shaunesy licking his lips she shakes her head.
"Grab a glass, Shaun. Belly up."
Eager, the Irishman steps around his brother as he and Vera make their way up a staircase along the furthest wall. Raising her glass at Dooley he nodded his thanks and disappeared. Shaun returns with a glass allowing Sadie to divvy up the booze. Once settled Sadie toasts Edward, "To the man that's gonna tear this pussy up." They swig the shots back, Edward choking on his, trying not to laugh. Pouring another shot she toasts Shaunesy, "To the man who's gonna get me on the back of Inferno."
"Ye be loco Lass. 'Tis yer death wish if ye try."
"Well, the Dillsby's did call me the Devil's Daughter. Reckon I might as well go down in flames or fan them higher. Tomorrow?"
"Ye did best me Brother. I think I might wager on ye stayin' on the devil's hooves."
"I stay on... that horse is mine. Deal?"
"I canae jus' give ye the horse. He belongs to Mister O'Malley, the stable owner."
"This O'Malley by chance live in one of those big houses next street over?"
"Aye." She pours them a third drink. Edward passing on his until she points at him fiercely. Grimacing he takes the glass like a man.
"He the fella that has the black woman workin' for him?"
"Aye. That be his maid Plumb. Her white name given to her. Donae know her African name."
"Plumb in a town called Sugar Plum?"
"Mister O'Malley did build the town Lass."
"Ahhh! So, he named the town after his maid?"
"Story, is he rescued the Lass through the underground railroad when she was a baby. Raised her as his own. Ole' Cyrus lost his wife when the girl was five. She be like his daughter."
"Yet his maid."
"Lass has nowhere else to go."
"I wanna know more, but it looks like our bath waters bubblin'. I'll look ya up tomorrow, Shaun. You tell O'Malley I want Inferno. If he's a bettin' man, I'll take his stud. Right now? One stud at a time. I'm gonna drink and relax with Eddie here. Let's go scrub ourselves Edward."
Trying to speak after a lingering frog in his throat, Ed just follows along, after retrieving her belongings. He made for a worthy pack mule. Following Millie's girls out back Millie herself merely watched with a devious smile. That woman would certainly make a worthy addition to her brothel. Pipe dream Millie. Pipe dream.
Ten minutes later, Sadie and a more relaxed Edward soaked in a hot trough of water, crunched up together made it rather cozy. After washing each other Sadie lay back in his arms and sighed. "Speakin' of horses. That's a mighty fine Clydesdale you got back there Edward."
"It is rather large. I do hope I don't hurt you later."
"Hurt me? Eddie you better take out every frustration you got on this filly. Never know when you'll get this lucky again."
"You could always stay here in Sugar Plum."
"Not in my destiny Eddie. Week or two tops. After that I have a few places to be."
"Where might that be?"
"Ever hear of a town called Next of Kin?"
"Comanche territory. You truly must be loco to want to go there. I hear most of the town has been scalped if not for the cavalry's protection."
"Loco as they come." She reaches between her legs and grips Edward's nine-inch wonder. Stroking him he sighs and kisses her shoulder. For the first time he looks over her eagle and discovers the chain locketwatch tattooed into the eagle's talons.
"Why does the eagle hold the necklace?"
"Keeps it safe. Keeps me safe too I hear."
"From what?"
"From whatever gets in my way I guess." She enjoys his chest hair on her back as she hides herself by laying against him. Her hand never once stopping its rhythm over his girth.
"That feels lovely."
"What say we go back to yer place, and I let ya feel somethin' even lovelier?"
"A moment longer. This water is perfect."
"It does seem perfect, doesn't it? I like the peace and quiet."
As if on cue loud moans circulate the bathing room, overpowering the piano playing out front. Looking toward the ceiling Sadie grins.
"I reckon Vera's doin' what I told her too."
"Jealous?"
Raising her fingers from the water, poised out in front of her massive breasts, Sadie eyes her wrinkled fingertips. He too shows off his own.
"Welcome to Sugar Prune." She chuckles.
"Jealous?" He repeats himself.
"Damn straight Eddie." She crawls forward and leans over the trough allowing him to see her luscious clam eying his greed. "Get up here and put that horse to use."
Rising awkwardly behind her Edward Pike penetrates Sadie from behind. Splashing bathwater everywhere he does indeed test the waters. Finding talent in the Barber, Sadie Outlaw rallies to Vera's calls. Between the two wailing women the saloon outside had a good laugh. Even the piano player stopped to enjoy the women.
Alfred and Millie DuPont share whispers. For once Alfred grinned. Of course, her hand was masturbating him from behind the bar. No evil plans would be hatched at the moment. Millie was content to see what the future brought. Alfred's cum on her knuckles the furthest in her future as the evening allowed.
Sadie Outlaw rode one horse, tomorrow she would break another. That or it would break her. The night would give her practice. Eddie rode like the wind a happy man. No sleep until the roosters crowed. One chicken less, thanks to a nice dinner amongst newfound friends, before retiring to his home. At least for now. Eddie would open his Barbershop a few hours late. Sadie?
Slept 'til high noon.