The neighbors had been relatively quiet throughout the cathouse transition. Henry's few encounters seemed to accept his story that it had become an off-campus sorority house and Lana, the house manager/mentor. The only concern that any neighbor expressed was, 'Are they noisy?'
In general, their worry was assuaged with each passing day of relative calm and the cathouse faded nicely into the neighborhood. Other than an occasional knock at the front door, the customer traffic had been directed to the back of the house where Henry had built a clever entry made of tall fencing. Being the corner lot at the end of a dead end with nothing but wooded area on the other side made it the perfect location.
They only had to be aware of noisy sex, pool parties or a combination of the two. Ironically, the loudest sex noises came from the 'house mother', Lana, routinely screaming during an anal session.
Even so, the sound rarely traveled past Henry's house so all was well...except for next door neighbor, Edgar.
Edgar enjoyed asking questions and he was clearly fascinated with the sorority house so he routinely sought Henry's ear to ask yet another question.
One morning as Henry was tidying the flower bed in his front yard, Edgar, seeing that Henry was tending to both properties, started in with the annoying questions.
"See you're doing some yard work for the sorority house, Henry," said the grand inquisitor, "Must be a little tiring, eh?"
"Oh, it's fine. Just helping my wife out."
"Are you two alright? I'm sorry but I used to hear the fights and it wasn't pretty."
"Oh, we're fine," Henry said, wanting to strangle Edgar and bury his snooping ass in the flower bed. "All couples fight but we're really working together now so it's good."
"Glad to hear that. Well I've got to go in. Talk to you later." And as he walked away, Henry prayed for a misplaced rake to rise up and do the deed. Alas, there were no injuries.
***
Later when Henry manned the desk, he thought again how weird it was to be booking time with men who would be fucking his wife. It wasn't repulsive necessarily because he was doing it obligingly but just fucking weird. Reviewing the arc of their relationship, there was a declaration of love, there was a courtship, there was supposed commitment, and now he was pimping Lana out to strangers...and then, to use a baseball analogy, his love life hit a double to deep left by falling in love with Abigail. Two on, nobody out.
He felt like kicking his own ass for not knowing how to better manage a complicated life.
Deep in thought, he sat with his head in his hands as Abigail stuck her head around the corner, "Hey, Mr. Mopey, I thought I had a two o'clock and it's already two fifteen?"
"Sorry, he called and said he'd be late. Forgot to tell you."
She walked over and put an arm around his shoulder, "Are you having another one of those struggle days?"
"Ya, I guess so."
"Your wife was right about one thing. You get everything locked up in that head of yours and think you can straighten it all out in there but, my love, you can't. Relationships are too messy and unpredictable for that. What you can do is be caring, loving, understanding and unselfish and that is essentially what you've already been doing so don't be so hard on yourself. You can fix the lawnmower but you can't fix other people."
"What the fuck, Abby? Are women always smarter than men?"
"Yes," she smiled, "but don't tell anyone."
A knock at the back door and Henry got up, "That's him. I'll take care of it and send him up."
"Thanks, baby," she kissed him and went upstairs.
After taking the man's money he sent the customer up to Abby. He couldn't help himself and watched them fuck on the monitor. He decided that this was a rightful perk and part of his job. He also decided that jerking off while watching was also a rightful perk.
For such a small girl Abigail was particularly adept at taking cock all the way down her throat. The fact that her gag reflex was almost non-existent allowed him to jam his fairly large dick until it was out of sight and then hold it. It was like some sort of magic trick and he went nuts, "Oh fuck, you hot little cunt! Ohhhoooooo, shit!"
When he released her head he was on fire from the blowjob and tossed her on the bed. In a frenzy he ripped her panties off, stuffed them in her mouth, grabbed a handful of her thick blonde hair and roughly fucked her harder than Henry had ever seen her take it before.
The assailant went from anchoring the bang festival by pulling her hair to reaching for her throat. Abigail was turning red from the choke and held onto his arm to ease it up slightly. "You like this, whore?" She nodded as best she could.
In a flash he turned her over on all fours and went mad dog, slapping her little ass til it was blazing red. Bang, bang, bang like a machine he kept at it. Abigail kept wondering how he still hadn't exploded yet. Bang, bang, bang, jerking her head back and forth.
Henry was urgently stroking his cock under the desk.
About 30 minutes into his 60 he switched it up and had her mount up cowgirl. While riding him he asked her to slap him across the face, which she did. "Again!!" he said, and again she laid a hand across his cheek. He smiled, "Hit me again, whore, it gets me off while I'm fucking you."
She twerked her rear and slapped him again. "Oh fuck, I'm getting close...again, baby!! She smacked him again and "Uhnnnnnnn, fuck...fuck!!! Uhnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!
He loudly filled her with his cream and seemed particularly proud of his handiwork as he pulled out and watched it slowly seep back out.
"Look at that, baby."
"That's your fuck spunk, big boy," she said, feeding his fantasy.
He sat on her bed, red faced and satisfied. "Was that good for you?" she asked him.
"Hell ya. You're so tiny but you fuck like a wildcat. Now lick me clean."
When the newly christened, Mr. Fuck Spunk, had gone Abigail came back down to the greeting area where Henry was cleaning the carpet cum, "So how'd you like the show?"
"What show?"
"You know what show. By the way, you missed a spot over there."
"Well, you know, just checking that my girlfriend was alright."
"Oh, so I'm your girlfriend am I?"
Unsure of his footing, "Well, ya, I think so. I'm not sure but I think so." She sat on his lap and kissed him passionately. He held all of her in his arms for what seemed like the only place he would ever want to be.
Lana broke the serenity, "Hey, put that down unless you're going to buy it."
Abigail shot her the look of death, "Henry, when's my next appointment?"
"Four o'clock, the big guy. I hope you're not crushed." The 'big guy' was a former pro football lineman who had retired and padded his already immense frame with plenty of extra poundage. He had an appetite for petite girls and Abigail virtually disappeared beneath his girth.
As Abigail left the room, Lana sat in the chair opposite Henry's desk and asked, "When's my next?"
"You've got an hour appointment at six and that's it."
"Fuck, I was hoping to get two or three in before my date."
"Maybe a walk-in but there's nothing else in the book." Henry clearly registered the fact that Lana had mentioned a date but kept a distance from any overt reaction. "Have fun tonight."
"Ya, we're doing dinner at that place you and I used to go to all the time and after that, who knows, maybe he'll get lucky."
"I'd guess he'd be lucky just to go out with you, period." Henry said affectionately.
"Aren't you curious as to who it is?"
"No, other than he treats you well."
"Jim, it's the Jim guy who used to work with you. He heard that we were separated and he asked me out."
"I'm not surprised. He used to say to me, 'Your Lana is so hot...I swear if you guys ever break up.' And then he'd just stare at your picture on my desk. I think you've got a live one."
"He seemed nice on the phone."
As if on cue, he got a call from a regular wanting Ginger for an hour at 4:30. Lana listened to one side of the conversation.
"Sorry sir, but she's all tied up through early evening......yes.....Lana.......brunette, totally gorgeous body and knows what she's doing.....As a matter of fact, yes I have......Very much......(Henry laughed politely).....I know what you mean.......like you can't wait.......Yes, she likes that.......Yes, all the time.......So can I put you down at four thirty with the lovely Lana?........Great, she'll be waiting........Yes, see you then. Goodbye."
"So, now I have a four thirty?"
"Yup."
"What was he saying to you?"
"He's one of Ginger's regulars, Mr. Knot, we call him. He said his balls were busting and he needed some pussy so I suggested you. Then he asked me if I'd ever fucked you and if so, did I like it? I know this guy and he'll be tying you up with nylon rope before he fucks you and I told him you liked that. He's very skilled with knots." Henry chuckled a little.
"Well thanks, I think."
"Ginger kind of likes him. He eats her out, hogties her, face down, and fucks the shit out of both ends of her and she really doesn't have to do much."
"I don't know him. Watch my back, will you?"
"With pleasure, dear."
"Okay funny boy." She went off to her bedroom to get ready.
About a quarter after 4, Mr. Knot showed up and he and Henry settled the financial end of the arrangement.
Still needing reassurance about Lana, Mr. Knot asked once again, "So she's really hot and likes to be tied up? I mean, you fucked her, right?"
"Absolutely. She's got a pussy that grabs on and won't let go. I'll introduce you to her myself"
They went to her door, "Lana, can we come in?"
"Yes, baby." She sat on the edge of the bed, legs spread apart in a white lingerie ensemble to die for. Mr. Knot's expression turned from doubt to bliss in a hot minute when Lana said, "Are you going to tie me up, daddy?" Henry just backed out of the room with a coy little wave to her over Mr. Knot's shoulder.
Back at the desk, with the sound of the football payer drilling Abigail overhead, he kicked up Lana's room on the monitor to fill the entire screen. In the short time it took for that to happen, Mr. Knot had already gotten her naked and almost fully hogtied.
Then the front doorbell rang. Fuck. Looking out the peephole it was Edgar. At first Henry stayed quiet hoping he'd leave but Edgar kept with the bell. Fuck.
Quickly, Henry popped opened the door and stepped out on the porch before Edgar could even think about coming in.
"What's up, Edgar?"
"Oh, Henry! Just got some mail for this address at my house. Thought I'd be neighborly and bring it over."
Taking the two pieces, "It's just junk mail. Thanks for your help but next time feel free to toss it in the mailbox. Well, gotta go, doing a plumbing repair. Water everywhere! Thanks again!" He shut the door and rushed back to the monitor. Mr. Knot had his face buried between her butt cheeks and Lana was moaning.
Henry amused himself with the thought that it was Lana getting the plumbing repair. Then he noticed on the monitor that her window shade was up. Fuck. Hopefully Edgar wouldn't up the level of his snooping. Then a delightful thought occurred, they could get him arrested as a Peeping Tom.
In the monitor, Mr. Knot had upped the action and was furiously fucking the helpless Lana. Every once in awhile he'd run around and stick his cock in her mouth and repeat, "Ya, baby, suck it like a good girl."
Henry was getting hard watching her. He couldn't help but acknowledge what a voyeur he had become, being completely turned on watching men fuck his wife and girlfriend. The kinkier the better. He liked watching Lana be used in ways that he never would have imagined before they were separated. Sometimes after a day of watching, and if he hadn't already spilled his spunk in the greeting room, he'd have to screw Abigail in bed at night before they hit the exhaustion wall and passed out in each other's arms.
Their evenings sleeping together were becoming his happiest times.
***
It was Abigail and Henry who gave all the customers nicknames. It developed organically since customers didn't want to use their real names and always paid in cash. So they got labeled with their fetish or whatever and that made them easier to remember.
Henry listed the regulars with their nicknames on the house cellphone customer database so when he got a call or text it would pop up that way and he'd know right away who it was.
Customers were able to contact their favorite girl directly if it was an odd hour and Henry was away from the desk so all the girls shared the house database.
It was Henry who dubbed Ginger's (and more recently, Lana's) aforementioned bondage rope expert, Mr. She Loves Me Knot from the age old flower picking mantra, 'She loves me, she loves me not.' It quickly got shortened to Mr. Knot.
Candy got rather fond of one of her regulars, a handsome guy whose sex life had completely dried up at home. She would say how loving and gentle he was with her. Abigail took no time at all dubbing him, Mr. Candy Crush.
***
Every so often there would be a customer like Mr. Candy Crush who was married with absolutely no sex life outlet. He would be desperate for physical intimacy but with so much guilt he couldn't do anything about it. They would either ride it out until they keeled over or they'd step out of their comfort zone.
Henry met them often and realized how fortunate he was. He was careful and tried to make them as comfortable as possible knowing what it took to get them to even eek out a text of inquiry. If he had one super power it was his empathy, his gift of understanding the loss of sex. He lost Lana and before that their sex life had dwindled to nothing. He understood that particular loneliness and knew how to talk about it with another man.
'I'm looking for a girl I saw on your website, Ginger? I don't know how this works but maybe you could help me. Are you Ginger?' came an anonymous text.
Henry texted him back, 'I'm not Ginger but I'm a male secretary who does scheduling for her and a couple other girls. Can I help you set something up?'
'I don't know what I'm doing. I've never done this before.'
'That's okay. It's new for a lot of men. I can help you if you want.'
There was no response for at least a half an hour and then...'Yes, I want to see Ginger. How?'
'First, relax, we're here for your pleasure. Our rates are reasonable and our girls are beautiful.'
'I'd like to see her tonight for an hour. Can I do that?'
'She has an opening at eight.'
He gave the guy all the particulars; fees, directions, protocol, and if he didn't get skittish and not show guys like him usually wound up as regulars.
***
The next morning while Henry was getting his day in order in the greeting room, Lana made a casual appearance, still in her bed clothes and yawning.
"Oh that Jim! What a night we had. Dinner, drinks and, oh god, he had quite the sizable cannon in those pants. I blew him in the restaurant parking lot before we went in and he said, 'I always thought you'd be this good.'"
"Sounds like a nice first date," said a polite Henry.
"He kept asking me through dinner if you and I were through for sure because he wanted to date me some more. He said he was nuts for me."
"You have my blessing...but...did you tell him what you do for a living?"
"Ahhhh, sort of. I told him I was working with some young women and helping them out. What was I supposed to say, I'm a prostitute and I'll fuck anything with a dick and two legs?
"No...but at some point if you keep seeing him he may want to know more."
"You're just harshing my story because you're jealous."
"You're just telling me the story because you want me to be."
"No, I just wanted you to know what a good time I had. We're still friends."
"Then I got it all wrong and I apologize. I'm happy for you."
"Oh fuck you, Henry, you and your sarcasm."
"What?!? I just..."
As she started for her room she turned and stopped, "This is why we're not together. You make everything a bummer."
"I just..."
"And by the way, after dinner we went to his house and fucked like jackrabbits. We're going out again on Saturday," and she left.
"I just..."
***
It was suggested by the girls that grocery store runs also be assigned to Henry so once every week or two he took off for a couple hours to stock up. As a reward they put in bucks to cover his groceries as well.
Henry loved grocery shopping.
This was normally pretty safe territory and even if he should recognize or be recognized by a customer there would be little more than a look of recognition. Of course, fate, being the ruler of us all meant that he had to run into Lana's new flame and Henry's old co-worker, Jim.
As the carts met around a corner and their eyes locked, "Oh! Henry! How are you, buddy?"
"Just stocking up, Jim, and you?"
Jim was clearly the more uncomfortable and Henry, knowing all that he knew, decided to enjoy himself.
"You know, getting groceries. Say, you might have heard that I dated your ex-wi...well, not your ex-wife but you know, your...I don't know what you call it. I suddenly lost the word..."
"Separated."
"Ya, ya, ya, separated!"
"Yes, well we had a nice time at this restaurant, I'd never been there before..."
"The Londoner."
"Yes, that was one of our favorites."
"Oh, I didn't know that," he said starting to fidget, "We had a nice meal and I dropped her off at home. Great girl. Hope you don't mind."
"No, no, you have your fun. She didn't mention the parking lot episode did she?"
"Parking lot?"
"No, I'm sorry, that was eleven years ago. Why would she? Glad you had a good time," and then Henry winked at him and rolled away which seriously fucked with Jim's head.
Henry, who never liked Jim in the first place liked him even less as he rounded the corner down the bread aisle where he ran into Mr. Knot and they exchanged polite nods.
***
That night in bed, in the calm of the dark, Henry waited for Abigail to curl up in his arms the way she did every night. It felt safe and warm and he purposely stayed awake for awhile to enjoy holding her. In a soft voice he began to tell her how much she was appreciated. "I'm finding more and more of you to love everyday but please always be honest. I've struggled at being honest with myself my whole life and then you come along out of nowhere. You are a gift, a pure, wonderful gift."
He knew she had fallen asleep in his arms but as he held her he felt blessed. In the midst of this socially unwelcome lifestyle he had stepped into he learned something invaluable about loving and being loved.