Author's Note: Thank you all so much for the love and feedback on Beachgoer! I wasn't initially intending upon writing any more of that story, but you've inspired me to take another swing at a continuation. Enjoy!
As always, feedback, comments, and ratings are deeply appreciated!
---
Cassandra sat in her car, radio off, engine still running, as she stared at the Welcome sign at the beach trailhead. There were certainly more people on the beach this weekend, she had counted six other cars as the pulled in. She raised the question to herself, "what the fuck are we doing here, Cassandra?"
Just last week her trip to this same beach had ended not-so-uneventfully, and over the days that followed, it ended up being all she could think about. She could hardly focus on her work, and in the end, despite the persistent arousal that followed recounting the events and the fantasizing that accompanied it, she couldn't help but feel conflicted about what had happened.
None of that had stopped her from driving to the beach again the following Saturday though. In the back of her mind she hoped that maybe, just maybe, she would see that same man again, and... That's about where her plan fell apart in her mind. She wasn't sure what she would do at that point. She sighed heavily, still debating the merits of turning around and driving home.
"Okay, okay, fine. We're already here, let's just do it," she finally concluded, after several minutes of silent contemplation. She got up and gathered her things and took a good look at herself in the reflection on her car. She wore a different bikini this time around, one that she arguable found to be a little more revealing than the last one, but she figured that if she were going to take it off anyways, what was the point in wearing something that covered her up more?
Maybe, a small voice in her head spoke, it would get people's attention...
---
Cassandra did her best to avoid staring as she made her way down the strand, passing by several other lounging beachgoers. In spite of the small bikini she wore, she still felt overdressed as she passed another young woman, completely nude, sunbathing without a care in the world.
"What am I doing here..." she pondered quietly to herself as she approached the hopefully-secluded spot she had used last week. To her relief, she found it empty, and got her things set up once more.
Taking a deep breath, she stood and looked around, surveying the beach around her. The nearest other beachgoers were several hundred feet away, and paid no mind to the clearly-nervous young woman. She may as well not even exist to them. She sat back down on her towel and huffed, "Okay, Cassie. Let's do this."
She untied her bikini top and let it hang free in front of her breasts and, with a sigh, pulled it unceremoniously over her head, tucking it into her backpack. Feeling a bit more confident now, her bottoms quickly followed. That was it, she was nude. On the nude beach. She took a deep breath to settle herself and laid back on her towel. The sun's warmth felt good on her bare skin, and she willed herself to relax.
Her choice of reading material this week was a bit tamer, another romance novella, but one more limited in the smut department. She sat up and, extracting it from her bag, laid down on her stomach, facing away from the ocean.
The next hour and change passed seemingly without incident and Cassandra pored over the book, tearing through over half of its pages. She was certainly enjoying it, but something just felt off. The book quickly found itself replaced in the backpack as she got up and started towards the ocean. Making her way down the shore, she noticed a couple of other beachgoers had set up their towels and umbrellas nearby. Closer to the water, but out of view from where she herself had set up shop.
She had eyes all over her, especially as she made it down to the fringe of the waves' reach. Striding forward a few meters, she let the cool water wash over her feet and up her ankles. Several men stared unabashedly at the well-endowed young lady standing just a stone's throw away, unaware of the half-dozen sets of eyes locked intently on her naked form.
Cassandra was none the wiser as she turned and walked along the beach's length, letting the waves lap at her ankles, stopping occasionally to bend down and pick up a shell or rock that had caught her eye. The men at her back raked their eyes over her, and couldn't help but stare as she bent down at the waist, exposing herself to them. They murmured to themselves at the apparent exhibitionist in their midst.
After a few minutes of wandering, Cassandra decided to head back. She didn't want to have to deal with sand sticking all over her, nor did she want to have to deal with the salt water in her long hair. Once more, she passed the cluster of people between the water and her spot, and this time she noticed the staring, among other things. Her heart skipped a bit as she spotted one man's erection poking up from between crossed legs, and she almost tripped as another man came to his feet as she passed. This one didn't stare, but the bulge in his speedo betrayed him.
She felt herself turn bright red and she picked up her pace just a little as she bounded over the small ridge and tucked back into her spot. Laying down once more, now on her back, her mind raced over what she'd just seen. Her body, on display for all to see, had not gone unnoticed. That whole cluster of people had gotten a good look at her, and she realized that she had probably given them all quite the show as she tucked her newfound collectibles into her bag. She couldn't help but feel a little excited by the idea of it.
"Hi," a voice suddenly picked up from a couple of feet away. Cassandra jumped at the sudden intrusion, having been focused on her own thoughts and staring down into her backpack. She looked up and found one of the men from down in the beach, his towel and umbrella in his hands, covering his groin.
"Oh, uh... Hi!" Cassandra stammered, barely knowing what to say. She had yet to actually speak to anyone else on this beach before. She was usually decently social, but the circumstances of this beach in particular nagged at her mind.
"Do you mind if I set up over here?" The stranger implored, his umbrella-toting hand motioned off towards Cassandra's right, hopefully meaning a ways away from her, she thought to herself.
"I mean, sure," she responded, trying her best to sound natural, though she telegraphed her nerves clearly in every word. As much as she was nervous, she still felt an overwhelming urge to not be rude.
"Cool. Nice quiet spot back here, isn't it?" The man struck up conversation as he set his towel down mere feet from Cassandra's, much closer than she had anticipated. His semi-erect cock hung free between his legs, catching her eye. She did her best to not stare, keeping her eyes intently locked on the sea.
"Yeah. It's a perfect spot, really," she replied quietly, again failing to keep it natural. Try as she might, she couldn't help but sneak a peek as the man finished putting up his umbrella and took a seat, just a few feet from Cassandra's side. He was a slimmer-built man, maybe 35 or so years old, with not a tan line to be seen.
"I don't think I've seen you here before," he mentioned off-hand as he laid out flat on his back, trying to nudge the conversation along. "Is this your first time visiting?"
"No, I came here last Saturday too," Cassandra replied with a huff, briefly recalling her eventful visit last week. "Do... Do you come here often?"
"Oh yeah, I come here every weekend. Sometimes I meet up with a few friends, you know?"
"Oh, that's cool. I don't think any of my friends would be interested in coming to... to this kind of beach," Cassandra stammered a little, but managed to stay engaged in the conversation. She snuck another peek, finding the stranger's cock still half-hard, sticking up slightly as he laid on his back.
"Oh, that's a shame," the man said with a hint of disappointment in his voice. "It really is the-more-the-merrier on this beach!"
"I mean, maybe once of these days. I... Honestly I'm not entirely comfortable yet myself," Cassandra opened up a bit, catching mid-sentence a bit as she peeked and watched the man's erection twitch a little.
"Oh, please, there's no need to be shy. You have a magnificent body, and there's no shame in letting loose a little!"
"Oh, well thank you," Cassandra blushed slightly at the compliment before taking a deep breath and laying out on her back once more. "I'm Cassandra, by the way."
"Chris. It's a genuine pleasure to meet you, Cassandra."
"Nice to meet you as well."
With that, the conversation dried up completely as the two sunbathers relaxed and soaked up the warmth of the sun. Cassandra thought perhaps a little too deeply about what Chris had said about meeting with his friends here. Her mind wandered once again to depraved places, and she mashed her thighs together as the wetness began to accumulate between her legs. She dismissed the thoughts as mere fantasy and shook her head, willing the raunchy mental images from her focus.
---
Sometime later, Cassandra rolled onto her stomach and rummaged once more in her bag, seeking out her sunblock. However, the spray she used to cover her back was nowhere to be found.
"Goddammit," she thought to herself. Evidently, she had been thinking aloud however.
"You okay?" Chris chirped as he sat up from his spot next to Cassandra.
"Well... I forgot my spray for my back," she sighed, kicking herself for leaving it at home.
"Oh. Do you want some help with your back?" Chris offered, reaching for his own bottle of sunblock. "I understand if you're not comfortable with that."
"I... Yeah, okay. I would really appreciate it," Cassandra resigned herself to it. It should be fine, it was just a little sunblock after all, right?
"Of course! We wouldn't want to burn this flawless skin, would we?" Chris popped up to his knees and shuffled over enthusiastically. Cassandra once more grinned a little at the cheeky compliment, even coming from an older man it felt nice to be showered with sweet sentiments. "Okay, this may feel a little cold..."
Her back tensed immediately once he touched her, a gentle running of both hands along her upper back. It didn't feel cold at all, if anything, it felt as if her skin were alight wherever he touched her. Her legs squeezed together as his hands pressed a little more firmly, working their way down her back. She could feel that he had applied a liberal amount of lotion to her back, his hands glided smoothly over her skin.
Honestly, it felt amazing on Cassandra's end, as Chris started to apply a little bit more pressure, really working the slippery lotion into her skin. She sighed, "that feels really good..."
"Do you like that?" He implored softly, his voice dripping with suggestion. He pressed firmly again as his hands ran over her shoulders and around the back of her neck. Before she could reply though, he released her, placing his hands in his lap, still kneeling at her side
"Oh yes, I definitely do," Cassandra whined, "please, don't mind me. Carry on."
"Your wish is my command, Cassandra," he crooned as his hands dove right back in, now intently massaging her back, applying firm pressure to her tired, knotted muscles. He continued for several minutes just as he had started, kneeling at her side. Then he once again stopped and released her. "Do you mind if I... Reposition a bit?"
"By all means... Do whatever you need to do," Cassandra essentially moaned. She felt way too good to let this stop yet. She hadn't had a massage or even a basic back rub in years, and to have what appeared to be such skilled hands working her over was like being in heaven, "just don't stop."
"As you wish," he practically whispered in reply. Chris came to his feet and shuffled over a bit. He realized that Cassandra probably hadn't been thinking quite of this, but she did tell him not to stop, so...
"Oh!" Cassandra squeaked and looked back over her shoulder as Chris dropped to his knees again, now straddling her thighs. She could feel his mostly-erect cock and his balls brush against the back of her thighs. She definitely hadn't expected this when he mentioned re-positioning. She was quickly defused, however, as his hands quickly picked up from where they left off, massaging rather firmly at the small of her back.
"Is this okay?" He asked softly, not stopping his ministrations of her back for even a second. He knew it had been risky jumping right into this level of body contact, but she was so hot that he figured it was worth taking the chance. His thumbs pressed hard and trailed down the length of her back by her spine, pushing out to the sides as he reached her waist.
"This... This is okay," Cassandra affirmed, against her better judgement. The position was a little awkward, but it was the same as if she had done a more traditional massage. Just this time the therapist was nude, and so was she. She allowed herself to relax as much as she could manage and sighed deeply, enjoying the massage.
Chris continued his massage, and gradually began to expand the area of coverage, down her exposed sides, and dipping progressively lower and lower down her back until the edges of his thumbs were at her butt. He didn't dare push any further just yet. He leaned back a touch, getting more lotion from the bottle, and applying it to his still-slick hands. He paused for a moment before diving back in again and surveyed the terrain. It was a mental image to save for later for sure: a tight, fair-skinned 20-something woman, naked as the day she was born, practically writhing at his touch as he sat stop her, his almost-painfully-hard cock mere inches from her shaven pussy. He was in heaven.
Cassandra shifted a bit underneath him while she had the chance, Chris's hands off her for just a few seconds. She was no longer bothered by his cock and balls resting atop her thighs, and she spread her legs just a touch as she released their tension. He leaned back a bit more, admiring the newfound view of her exposed sex. He could hardly believe his luck today, and he was about to push it even further.
He scooted forward a few inches as his hands found her back once more, trailing all the way up to her shoulders again. However, when he settled down, his throbbing shaft nestled ever so gently against Cassandra's full ass. At the same time, he pressed hard on her shoulders, the combined sensation eliciting a shaky sigh from the gorgeous woman beneath him. As he continued on her tense shoulders, he rocked his hips back and forth slowly, grinding his cock against her ass.
"That's... Nice..." Cassandra sighed softly. Chris wasn't sure if she was referring to the shoulder massage, or the cock against her ass. Though honestly, neither was she.
Cassandra's imagination ran completely wild, the new sensation inspiring a great deal of lewd fantasy, and her pussy began to moisten immediately. This hadn't gone unnoticed by Chris, however. As his strokes grew longer, he adjusted his angle a bit and pressed more firmly against her ass, pushing her cheeks aside and forcing a proper moan from Cassandra's lips. On one particularly long stroke, his balls brushed against her for just a second, only to come out covered in her wetness: she was soaked.
"Do... Do you wanna turn over? Should make sure we get your front covered too, y'know," Chris suggested. He knew he was taking a significant risk in asking, but he definitely wanted to try and get his hands on those big tits of hers. It was a chance he was willing to take.
"I suppose," Cassandra sighed after a moment or two of hesitation. Chris stood up and returned to her side to give her room to move, and that's when she saw what she had been feeling against her ass: his cock was stiff as a flagpole and stood straight out from his body, throbbing with his pulse. It took every ounce of self-control that she had to not reach out and touch it. As much as she wanted for her wild fantasies to come true, he was still very much a stranger. With that said, she found herself caring less and less as he touched her more and more.
Chris swallowed hard as Cassandra laid on her back in front of him. She had some of the nicest tits he had ever seen outside of porn, and they were the largest he'd ever get to touch. He gingerly began at her stomach, running his slickened hands along her abs, up and just shy of her tits, and back down, stopping and running out towards the sides at her pelvis. It was certainly more fun to massage her front, as her facial expressions changed with every movement. He let his hands press up and through the middle of her chest, between her breasts, across her upper chest, and onto her shoulders briefly, before coming back down and rubbing lotion all over her ample tits.
"Mmm..." Cassandra moaned softly as Chris ran his hands over her sensitive breasts, raked his fingers over her hardened pink nipples. Her mouth hung open as he ran laps across them, squeezing softly and flitting his fingertips across her nipples. Then, once more, he ran a circuit across her entire torso, down her sides, across her stomach, and back up. This time he abandoned all pretenses and stayed singularly focused upon her tits.
"Feel good?" He inquired once more. He knew the answer, but he wanted to hear her say it again.
"So good," came her reply between moans. She was losing control, and he was doing his best to keep driving her towards that end. So, he continued, rubbing and groping at her tits, teasing her nipples with fingertips and open palm, pressing and squeezing more firmly, driving his movements based upon her expressions and reactions.
"Okay... Can't forget your legs, now," Chris managed to cough up, shaking off the trance he found himself under. His hands left her breasts and once more he moved, straddling Cassandra's legs, but further down, closer to her calves. He started at her thighs, and rubbed up and down them, not lingering too long, but instead briefly massaging and spreading lotion across every inch of her porcelain skin. He moved down past her knees, and shuffling down, past her calves, and finally reaching her feet. Here, he took his time and very intently massaged Cassandra's feet, pressing firmly across the soles and along the sides, and between her toes.
"Oh god I can't remember the last time I got a foot rub..." Cassandra whined, spreading her legs a bit and offering up a perfect view of her pussy for Chris. He spent several more minutes rubbing her feet, admiring the view of her perfectly clean pussy, glistening in the sun with her arousal. With his new objective in sight, he departed her feet and slowly worked his way up her legs, rubbing intently at the insides of her calves, past her knees, and slowing to a snail's pace as he massaged the insides of her thighs. He pressed firmly at the tense muscles, and she opened her legs wider for him. Slowly but surely, his hands worked higher and higher up her thighs until her was barely an inch from her lovely pink lips.
"You're so beautiful, Cassandra," Chris whispered, half to himself, half to her. He leaned back and treated himself to the view, he was knelt between her wide-spread legs, his throbbing cock mere inches from her pussy, she was writhing on the towel at his touch. He could probably dive in if he really wanted to at this point but opted to warm her up more instead. He leaned back in and massaged again, hands rubbing at her thighs before trailing up her entire torso again: across her firm stomach, up the middle of her chest, over her shoulders and back down, lingering there for a moment to lavish some more attention on her tits, before trailing back and settling on the inside of her thighs just shy of her pussy. He rubbed intently with both thumbs, just outside her lips and posed the question, "may I?"
Cassandra craned her neck and looked up at him, locking eye contact. If not for her sunglasses, her eyes would've said everything he needed to know. She needed this. She bit her lip a little and hesitated for just a moment before whimpering, "please do."
With his left hand, he pressed a thumb inward, gliding up her lips and settling on her clit. He pressed firmly, rubbing in slow circles that forced a more deliberate moan from Cassandra's mouth. His right hand left her body entirely, finally dedicating some attention to his painfully-hard erection. His fingers at her clit alternated between fast and slow, rubbing circles, rubbing up and down directly against the button, all eliciting delicious moans from Cassandra. Music to Chris's ears.
Cassandra's mind was absolutely on fire, her fantasy was coming true, any and all concerns be damned. She rocked her hips along as Chris continued rubbing her needy little clit with well-trained fingers. She no longer cared that this was a stranger touching her, or that they were in public where any passerby could see them. All that mattered to her was achieving her orgasm, the orgasm that she was rapidly approaching. The eroticism of the entire scenario and the skilled ministrations of Chris's hands were proving to be far too much for her to handle, and before she knew it, her entire body spasmed, her mind exploding in fireworks as she experienced the most intense orgasm she had ever before.
"Oh god, I'm cumming!" She whimpered as Chris continued rubbing. He wasn't content to stop just because she was having her orgasm. Not by a long shot. He did slow his pace however, to give her a chance to come down, even if just a little. As the waves of pleasure that washed over her subsided, Chris withdrew, admiring his handiwork. Cassandra's hair was totally disheveled, her already-loose ponytail having come almost completely undone, and both her hands gripping tightly as the edges of her towel. Cassandra whined as she lost the contact with her partner, "wait, why... Why did you stop?"
"So that I can do even better for you," he replied confidently. Cassandra weakly raised her head to find that Chris had laid down between her legs, with his head between her thighs. Before she could react, he quickly lashed a wet tongue up the entire length of her pussy.
"Oh fuck!" She squeaked, not at all expecting what had just happened. She had been caught off-guard, sure, but she was hardly upset. Her head dropped back against her towel as Chris's tongue worked slow circles around her clit now. Again whimpering, she showered Chris with praise as best she could given the state of her mind, "Oh god Chris, you are so good at that..."
He took the encouragement extremely well as he dove in, lashing his tongue up and down across Cassandra's love button, causing her hope to jump just a bit at the suddenly-increased sensation. Her eyes slammed shut as he tore away at her, driving her up the wall and hurtling towards yet another massive orgasm. Her hands subconsciously went to Chris's hair, grabbing big handfuls and pulling him in as deeply as she could. It only drove him on further, with still greater enthusiasm and intensity.
Cassandra's eyes rolled back in their sockets as a second orgasm tore through her body. She saw stars through her eyelids and her entire body writhed even more intensely than the last time, reaching an all-time high as her mind went blank, perceiving nothing other than the extreme pleasure her new friend gave her. Chris never stopped however and continued to whip and lash his tongue across her sensitive, swollen pussy. Before Cassandra could even open her eyes and begin to come down from her second, her third orgasm tore through her, setting her alight once more.
After several minutes, Cassandra finally began to float down from her cloud, panting breathlessly and finally releasing her death grip on the towel. As soon as she was able, she forced her eyes open, looking around and mumbling incoherently. Never before had she experienced so many intense orgasms in such a short span. Her mind was a cloudy mess of pleasure, and it took her a second to be able to focus bother her eyes and her mind to her surroundings. Chris was right where she had left him, between her legs. He was now kneeling, however, and stroking his erect cock slowly. He had a wry smile on his face.
"Welcome back to Earth, Cassandra. How are you feeling?" he joked, chuckling to himself as she shakily propped herself up on her elbows to better face him.
"I... I feel like I just exploded," she stammered, just barely able to get the sentence out. She swallowed hard before continuing, "you are fucking incredible at that."
"What can I say? I've had lots of practice over the years," he replied cheerily, clearly quite proud of himself, "you put on quite the performance yourself, actually."
"What? What do you-" she tried, but found herself cut off by a new voice, another man, from off to her side.
"You were quite vocal about how good it felt," the new stranger said, chuckling. Cassandra's head snapped to meet the source of the voice, an older man a few feet away. He was a bit rounder, but still appeared to be able to hold his own, his cock standing true like a flagpole. He too was on his knees, but he wasn't touching himself. Not yet at least.
"Oh, uh, hi! Sorry about that, I didn't realize I was being so loud," Cassandra stumbled over her words a bit, and caught herself staring at the older man's cock.
"Oh, that's quite alright. I heard it and just had to see what the fuss was about," the stranger explained before scooting a little closer. Cassandra turned her attention towards Chris again, who was still stroking himself as he grinned like a little kid on Christmas morning.
"I didn't figure you would mind if he joined us just to watch," Chris expounded, reading the confusion in her expression.
"Yes, I couldn't help but be fascinated by watching you two kids going at it, I understand if you're not comfortable though," the older man said, nodding to Cassandra respectfully.
"No, it's okay. You... You can join us if you'd like," Cassandra blurted out before considering her wording, and kicked herself internally over the way she had presented it. She corrected herself as the man began his approach once more towards her side, "I mean, you're welcome to watch. Sorry."
"No problem! Don't mind me," he reassured Cassandra. He sat on his knees at her side and raked his gaze across her naked body, seemingly content to just look and watch.
"Cassandra..." Chris interjected, looking directly into her eyes as he continued stroking his cock. "Fuck, you are so hot."
Cassandra returned her attention to Chris and stared intently as he masturbated over her. He leaned in close, his thighs pressing her spread legs back. He stroked more intently now, and Cassandra caught sight of a drop of sweat running down his forehead. He had pent up his own arousal the entire time he had been messing with her, and it was all soon coming to a head.
"Cass... Can... Can you touch me?" Chris implored, almost begging. Cassandra's breath caught in her chest at his request, and she looked up from his cock and into his eyes. They instantly telegraphed his need, a feral desire, and she silently nodded in understanding. Slowly, Chris released his cock and Cassandra's hand took the place of his own, wrapping slender fingers over the throbbing girth of his erection. He was so incredibly hard, and it spasmed in her hand with every beat of his heart. Cassandra instantly found herself growing progressively more and more aroused once more. He moaned as she began stroking his rigid member, "Fuck yes, I'm so close..."
"Good. You were so good to me, let me return the favor..." Cassandra whispered in reply. She stroked a little harder now, squeezing a bit at the base of each stroke as she pulled on his cock. He throbbed like mad in her hand, and she knew he was extremely close to his release. Out if the corner of her eye, she could see his mouth hanging open just a bit as he watched her stroking him off. She bit her lip as she looked up at him and whispered softly, "go ahead, cum for me."
Chris followed her command the moment the words left her lips, and a massive, thick streamer of cum shot from his cock, splattering across her stomach up and across one of her breasts, and off her shoulder. A second rope followed suit, but instead flew right up the middle, laid out up her stomach and between her tits before coming to a rest at the base of her neck. Several more followed, spraying across her stomach and tits. With each shot, his hips jerked forward, almost as to propel his cum further up her body. He uttered a long, drawn-out moan as she milked him of what drops of cum remained and slumped down a bit onto his butt, his cum-coated cock released and laying half-hard across Cassandra's groin.
"Holy shit, what a mess..." Cassandra marveled, a genuine sense of wonder in her voice. Chris sat silently for a minute, working to catch his breath and come to his senses. In the meantime, she traced a finger idly across her stomach, smearing Chris's cum a bit. She had never understood the whole 'cumslut' thing previously, but she had a feeling that it was something a little like this. She could hardly believe how much he had cum on her, and that was only from a handjob. Granted, there was something like an hour of foreplay leading up to it, but it was still only a handjob. Cassandra wondered aloud, "I wonder how much he'd have cum if I had done more than that..."
"You... You look like my finest masterpiece," Chris joked breathlessly, watching intently as Cassandra played with his cum splattered across her torso. He hadn't missed what she had said just now, and it already began to cause his half-erect cock to stir once more. "It almost makes me want to go again."
Chris adjusted himself a bit, giving him more leverage to move his hips. He was already at the perfect height for what he wanted to try, however. He grasped the base of his cock and rubbed it slowly along the length of Cassandra's sensitive and again-soaked pussy, supering its growth on as it slowly hardened.
"Chris, I- Wait..." Cassandra stammered as she felt him grinding his cock against her. A handjob had been one thing, and letting him eat her out and rub her clit was another, but this might be too far. She hadn't brought condoms either, and despite her arousal, she wasn't about to let a stranger fuck her bareback. "I don't think we should..."
"Oh! No no no! I wasn't going to-" now it was Chris's turn to trip over his words. For the first time today, he hadn't been clear with his immediate intentions, and he kicked himself for it. "How about just outside? Can I rub it on you a little bit?"
"Oh, I guess that's okay, but you have to stay outside," Cassandra sighed, relieved. Just the little bit of rubbing had felt amazing so far, her pussy was still incredibly sensitive from her multiple orgasms. "Nothing at all inside."
"Of course, I wouldn't dare," Chris reassured her. By now, his cock was once more at full strength, and he began grinding it against Cassandra's sex. He started slowly, just letting gravity do the work of applying pressure. They both were still very sensitive, but Chris had the benefit of having had his balls drained once already, and he had the staying power to really have some fun with this. He leaned forward a bit, pressing himself a little harder against her now. He reached around her legs and held them up high, more closely emulating fucking her missionary. Moans and whimpering spilled from her mouth between ragged breaths, and once more her hands went to her towel, grabbing two big handfuls and squeezing as hard as she could.
Cassandra was shaken from her trance however, by the new stranger inadvertently nudging his knee against her side. Looking over, she found he had scooted closer and closer as she and Chris had started up again. He had also started stroking his cock, a hand wrapped around its girth and pumping fast. A cheeky idea flashed in her mind and before she could think on it long enough to second guess herself, she acted upon it. In a flash, her hand closest to the older man reached up and wrapped around his cock. Without a word, he gladly let her pick up from where he left off, stroking hard and fast at his erection.
All the while, Chris watched with depraved curiosity. Cassandra had only known the man for but a few minutes, and now she was stroking his cock over her tits. Chris pressed a little harder now, grinding the underside of his cock against Cassandra's stiff little nub. Her pussy quivered around him, betraying just how much the entire situation turned her on. He could only imagine how it would feel to be buried inside of her if this is how good it felt to just grind against her, he closed his eyes and imagined it, the image in his mind of impaling her tight little hole. He was quickly distracted however, by the sound of grunting and groaning, and a sharp gasp from Cassandra. His eyes flew open just in the nick of time.
Cassandra's mouth hung wide open as the older man came hard, squirting yet another massive load of cum across her chest. Evidently, he didn't quite have the staying power that Chris had, but Cassandra enjoyed it all the same. She reached up with both hands and smeared both men's cum all over her tits, pinching hard at and tweaking her nipples.
Chris's eyes were wide as dinner plates, mesmerized by the slut underneath him, playing with cum, teasing herself in front of a stranger. He pumped and grinded against her sensitive pussy as hard as he could, their hips slapping together as Cassandra rocked her hips upwards to meet him in the middle. He was a man on a mission, and he would not fail. She could feel it, the throbbing in his shaft pressed against her, his balls churning with a renewed load of cum, he was getting close now.
Cassandra looked up at him, a fire burning in his eyes as he humped hard at her pussy. He released her legs, and they immediately found their way down to wrap around Chris's waist, pulling him in even harder as he pumped his cock against her. His hands were not without task for long however, finding their way down to Cassandra's natural DD tits and taking big handfuls of them both. He squeezed and groped roughly at her generous breasts, unleashing a new torrent of moans from her lips. Whether or not he knew it, Cassandra was close too.
Evidently, while the older stranger had already blown his load, he wasn't fully down and out yet. Cassandra was taken by surprise by the surprise return of the stranger's cock to her field of view, but it certainly wasn't unwelcome. Cassandra peeked over a bit and found that he had returned to his same spot at her side, if maybe a bit closer to her now. He was on his knees, his cock dangling at her shoulder level, pumping slowly with a hand. Chris made way, wordlessly coordinating with him and freeing up one of Cassandra's breasts for the older man to grope as he stroked his cock. Among the torrent of pleasure in her mind, however, a cheeky idea came to the forefront, clear as day.
This time it was Cassandra's turn to catch the man off guard as she popped up onto her elbows and craned her neck slightly to take the stranger's cock into her wet, warm mouth. She sucked hard as her lips sealed around his girth, maybe an inch or two of his length in her mouth. Again, the man groaned loudly, but he managed to keep it together, even as Cassandra began to bob her head against the man's lap.
Chris could hardly take it anymore as he watched the beautiful, busty brunette suck a total stranger's cock into her throat. He thrust once more and felt the cum in his balls begin to boil, starting past the point of no return. Again, he rocked his hips forward, and his entire body tensed and coiled like a spring set under tension. This was it; he could hold it no longer. One last time he thrust his cock against Cassandra's wet pussy, and he unleashed his second load of cum.
"Oh fuck!" Chris shouted, jerking his hips forward spastically as he propelled the first stream of cum from his cock. It reached with incredible range, right up the middle, and splattered against Cassandra's cheek. The second followed with yet another short thrust, following up the first almost perfectly, the long white streak running down her jawline and down to her tits. He barely managed to rock back, sitting back on his knees as he reached down and milked the last of his cum from his throbbing, sensitive member. The remaining streamers that dribbled out were deposited right on her pussy and her surrounding groin. He smeared it around with his rapidly-softening cock and slapped several times against her cum-smattered pussy.
Cassandra had not missed the long-range facial, and it set her mind alight in fireworks, sucking her stranger's cock with increased enthusiasm. At the same time, she was right on the edge of her own orgasm, and the new lack of Chris's attention on her needy pussy forced her to take matters into her own hands. A free hand snaked quickly down her torso, stopping only once to pinch one of her nipples before making a bee-line for her pussy. She rubbed her cum-coated clitoris with crazed intensity, doing her best to get back up to the edge. Before she could finish the job however, the stranger found his limit.
"I'm cumming!" He grunted before rocking back on his knees. His throbbing cock popped free from Cassandra's incredible suction and immediately began to fire off a splattering of cum all over Cassandra's face. Whereas Chris's cumshot had been surgical in its precision, the stranger pumped his cock with reckless abandon, spraying cum across Cassandra's face with little regard for where it ended up. This was the final straw for our dear Cassandra, and she found herself back in the clouds as another maddeningly intense orgasm took over her whole body. For several minutes she writhed atop her towel, her whirlwind fingers unceasing in their assault on her clit. Eventually though, she came down, a sweaty panting mess.
"Holy fucking shit," Cassandra whispered when all was said and done. She gripped the stranger's half-erect cock one last time and gave it a final kiss, sucking hard at the head and securing a final dribble of cum for herself. She released him and collapsed fully onto her back, savoring its flavor for just a second before swallowing it down.
The three of them lay there, panting breathlessly. Cassandra's mind was still a hazy mess, but what she knew for sure was that this was a day she wouldn't soon forget.
---
That evening, Cassandra lay in bed, her mind still reeling from the whirlwind of an afternoon at the beach. Four loads of cum from two different complete strangers, all over her body, all over her face. She touched her face gently, the tips of her nails tracing where Chris had shot a stream of cum all the way across her body and over her cheek.
On one hand, she felt conflicted. She had let a pair of strangers essentially use her body for their own sexual pleasure. They had violated her in a way she had never let even previous boyfriends do, with two huge loads of cum splattering her face. As she lay in bed, still naked from her shower, she considered the other hand: she had never felt so free, so sexy, so desired before. She had shrugged off convention and kicked restriction to the curb, and she had never felt better about doing so before.
Her hands ran up and down her body. The more she thought about it, she hadn't been used, or violated. Even with the stranger, she was in control. She had done every little thing she did that afternoon because she wanted it. Her hands traced along her skin, gently caressed the curvature of her breasts, down the dip between her legs to her mound, recounting how it felt to play her fingertips through their cum. All she could think of was...
"I can't wait to go again next weekend."