From Nudist to Exhibitionist to something more?
First a huge thank you to "CouldBe AStoryTeller" for all the help in editing.
I had never really been interested in CFNM stories, and yet, lately, I found myself browsing through them to see if any "tripped my trigger". There are a LOT of stories about BDSM, Domination and hard-core Femdom with pure humiliation of the man...I'm just not really into that. So I thought, hey, I'll just write my own. This is my first attempt at erotic writing. I have tried to write so that both women and men can enjoy the story, so it does have a relatively slow build, just FYI. This story is mostly true, but I have improvised a little and changed names of those involved.
So a little about us, I am 5'11", 170 pounds, and I workout at the gym 4 -5 times a week. I am still on the slender side, and my cock is 7" with average girth. She is 5'6", 36c and 130 pounds and even though she is now pushing 50, she is still hotter than most women half her age. She tries to workout at the gym, but her health issues pretty well hinder that. But, we both try to keep ourselves in shape for each other.
My wife and I started dating clear back in 1998. Both of us had recently ended our previous relationships when we met. I definitely wasn't looking for anything serious, but Christy had different plans, and within a very short time, I became infatuated, and soon was head over heels for her. We had many discussions in regards to life goals, traveling, no kids, etc, and we both seemed to be on the same page.
Within a year, we were engaged, and the next year, we were happily married. Our sex life was fantastic, and we had many non-vanilla sexcapades. We even chose Hedonism II for our honeymoon destination. We were not swingers, but we were comfortable with our skin and the skin of others. We were having a great time with no regrets. We did things with other couples like strip poker, naked hot-tub, skinny dipping, had same room sex a couple times, and we were not jealous of each other in the slightest. Our relationship was solid and our sex life was too. On average I would say we had sex 3-4 times a week, including oral (both ways) and teasing, and general playing around non-stop.
We were young, enjoying life with relatively few responsibilities. I made pretty good money as an owner of a small construction company - and Christy was a nurse at a doctor's office... coincidentally MY doctor's office. She had been there for many years, and had no problem getting vacation days/time off for our travels. We would take 4-6 weeks a year for fun and relaxing trips... and then the baby bug hit. Even though we discussed not having kids, we now have 2 of them - Of course our sex life slowed down (like most couples with kids and age) but we did the best we could to stay connected. Our boys are 15 and 18 now and it has been a roller coaster ride watching them grow into the young men they are becoming. Life was so good, what could possibly be an issue...
It was about 11 years ago, my wife's health took a turn... First, she had to have an emergency hysterectomy. No big deal in today's world. Everything went ok. But, as I recall, it was about that time when our sex life started to really suffer. Now, once upon a time, Christy was very oral and would give me head a couple times a month. Sometimes, she would even give me "road-head" when she was feeling extra frisky. The pleasure I received from her oral became less and less, and soon it was once or twice a year, even though I would ask for it often, the answer was always "no". I have always been very much into giving her oral pleasure, and love everything about her honey sweet taste,[a][b][c] and the way that she orgasms while I eat her out.... Mmmmm! I have told her a hundred times, I could eat her out EVERYDAY and be a happy man. BUT... she denies me the opportunity to eat her out 99% of the time. She claims everything from, "I haven't showered since this morning," or "I've been sweating," or just plain and simply - "YOU'RE NOT GOING THERE". So, this is another check-mark in the 'not good for our relationship column'.
As her health issues multiplied, sex between us has also dwindled to once or twice, a month sometimes once every two months. The feeling that we are growing apart is always in the back of my mind. I have tried MANY, many times to talk with her about our sex life. What can I do to make things better? What are you needing? What are you missing? What fantasies do you have that you want to fulfill? I have expressed to her that she is who I want to be with, and that I'm not looking for anyone else, but...We have got to do something about our relationship so we don't drift apart. So that has led to some hormone therapy and the "hope" that hormones will balance out and she will want to have sex (more/again). I never thought as a 50 year old man that I would be masturbating, but here I am, at least a couple times a month, getting off on reading erotica, or watching some porn by myself.
Over the years, I have never been bashful, I have always been "that guy" that is the first to moon someone, or flash a group at the lake or the river. I have said for years, I want to move to a deserted island and live naked. I love the feel of it, the thrill of it, and I guess the excitement of possibly getting caught. Regularly I used to sunbathe in the nude, and more than once, I have had to race to get dressed because of unexpected guests.
So I guess it was about 2 years, my sister-in-law, Lynn, moved in for a short period of time. Her long-term relationship ended badly and she needed a place to stay for a while to get back on her feet. There has been innocent banter between us for nearly 20 years, and we have always had fun with it. I warned her that if she moved in, I would not change my habit of running around the house nude when the kids were gone. She laughed and said, "ok, whatever," more or less dismissing my comment. She has definitely seen me naked on more than one occasion during parties, at the pool, in the hot-tub. Nothing has ever happened between us though. She was always conservative and wore clothes even if everyone else was naked.
Several months after moving in (and me being on my best behavior), we were all going to dinner on a Friday night. I was taking a shower in the master bath when the door burst open and she walked right in. She laughs and says, "Don't mind me, I just need a hair dryer. Besides, it's nothing I haven't seen before anyway."
Our master shower is a clear glass wall, and the glass was not fogged up. After she left the bathroom, I noticed immediately that my cock stirred, and I had a difficult time losing my erection after she was long gone in the other room. I was a little shocked to say the least.
Christy asked later, "if I enjoyed my unexpected bathroom guest?"
I told her "no," but she knew better, and we all laughed about it. Pretty sure it was at this point that my exhibitionist side increased and I no longer just considered myself a "closet-nudist".
After that "incident", I started reading a few stories on Literotica about "SIL's", and for a while, this theme was my go to when I would log on. There are some hot sister-in-law stories out there, but I, 100%, had no intentions of cheating on Christy, it was just a phase I was going through. A few weeks after she walked in on me in the shower, I mustered up the courage and walked out of the master bedroom completely naked in a "flaccid" state just for the shock value, and it worked, sort of.
My sister-in-law first looked at me, turned her head, looked again, then threw her hands over her eyes and told me to "go put clothes on, and that if I was trying to impress her, I wasn't".
So a few days later, I woke up with some good "morning-wood," and walked straight out to the dining room table, where she was sitting drinking coffee, looked at her and asked... "is this better?"
She didn't turn away, just sat silent for a minute, and smiled the smallest smile, and said, "You need to go away."
I walked into the kitchen, got a cup of coffee, and returned to the dining room. I stood about 3 feet from her and asked, "What are you up to this morning?"
"Just scrolling through Facebook, you need to go away."
I moved a little closer; my cock still rock hard.
"Anything exciting this morning?"
She was still looking at her phone, trying to avoid looking at me - "I have seen absolutely nothing exciting this morning."
I could see her smiling now even though she avoided eye contact. I stepped right next to her, my throbbing cock almost touching her hand that was holding her phone.
"Really? Nothing exciting at all?"
She froze.
"Ok, maybe I have seen something exciting this morning. You have a VERY nice penis, but you are my Brother-in-law and I would never do anything to hurt my sister. So, please go put some clothes on."
Without speaking, I walked to the bedroom, thinking to myself, "Well, that was kind of exciting. What else can I do to push boundaries?"
Nothing happened between us, but it was very exciting for me to be on display and definitely taboo to boot. I couldn't help but think that I had gotten to her just a little, and that thought turned me on. I masterbated over that day multiple times and definitely wanted more "exposure". As luck would have it, Lynn had been looking for months, and she finally found an apartment a few days later. So no more tormenting my Sister-in-law. LOL.
Christy and I have spoken on multiple occasions about how much I like being nude, and she more/less humors my desires and says things like "you be you, babe". Whether she believes me or not. I am not trying to be with anyone but her, and I try to reassure her of this frequently... HOWEVER, the pervert inside of me just never stops.
It was just a few months back, on a Friday night, she was having a "girls night" with her two "besties". It was about 10 o'clock at night, and I was lying in bed (I always sleep naked), watching tv and I got a phone call out of the blue from one of her friends.
Sandy asked, "Could you please come and get your wife, she is too drunk to drive and is ready to go home?"
"Well, she is slurring," was my thought, but of course I said, "yes." So, I pulled on some sweatpants and a t-shirt and flip-flops, hopped in my truck and drove 30 minutes to the bar where they were supposedly headed to. They weren't there. WTH... I was a little irritated. I called the friend back.
Me: "Hey where are you guys?"
Sandy: "We are like 3 minutes away, come in and have a drink with us."
Me: (thinking wow, she is really slurring) "Nope, not happening."
"Come on, just one drink."
"No, we need to just go" (I was tired from a hard day's work).
Dani: (other friend) "Come on, don't be a spoiled sport like my husband."
A spontaneous thought enters my head, and I quickly blurt out "I ain't dressed."
Dani: "It's a sports bar, you ain't gotta dress nice."
"NO, I AM NOT DRESSED AT ALL."
Sandy: "Whatever, we are pulling in now, so come on".
"I have no clothes on, I am not going into the bar."
I watched as they drove into the parking lot and parked about 20 spots away.
Dani: "We are coming and getting you".
WTF was I to do, I did not want to go into the bar, so I yanked my t-shirt and sweats off, tossed them in the backseat and sat there in the buff. All 3 girls stumbled over to my truck and opened the passenger door.
Sandy yelled "What the fuck he IS naked... He's fucking naked" and they all looked into the truck and laughed.
They asked, "where are your clothes?"
"I was trying to spice things up so I didn't wear any."
Sandy remarks "well I think that's fucking hot, I wish my man did shit like that."
I said, come on Christy, let's go, as they were all still standing in the parking lot. Christy held up a finger to me, like "wait a sec". Then she hopped in the passenger seat and said "we're gonna to drop Sandy off on the way home."
"WHAT? Why?"
"Oh zip it.. it's basically on our way, and it will save Dani a wasted trip. She is grabbing her purse out of Dani's car."
I was struggling already with not getting an erection when they were all just standing in the parking lot, and now one of them is going to ride with us... what have I gotten myself into. Sandy walks back to my truck, climbs right in like nothing is unusual at all. A little small talk on the way, and Christy says multiple times, slurring, "I can't believe you're naked".
She totally shocked me by reaching over and started playing with my cock while her friend was sitting right there in the truck with us. I'm pretty sure that Sandy did not ever really "look" at me. I joked and made a comment that, "naked taxi service costs extra you know"... all while slowly being stroked into a rock hard state by my hot wife.
After dropping off her friend, I had planned on taking the back roads home. We had not even gotten out of the driveway when my wife unbuckled and crawled across the console and started sucking my hard cock while I drove. I made it about 3 miles... had to stop.
She had me so worked up that I was having a hard time staying on the road. I knew that Christy was REALLY drunk, because that is basically the ONLY time she gets frisky. She was using her hand in combination with her wet warm mouth, and I blew a huge load after about 30 seconds of stopping the truck right on the shoulder of the road.
She swallowed it ALL, I couldn't believe it... she never swallows. It was euphoric and I was stone sober. She looked me deep in the eyes and said... "You're a dumbass, lol. I can't believe you're naked," then proceeded to deep kiss me.
Passionately and loving, sharing with me the taste of what she had just swallowed. I was NOT offended, in fact, my erection never really went down for the remainder of the drive home. Was my nakedness in front of her friends to blame for her friskiness, or was it just the alcohol... I did not know the answer, I just knew that it was an awesome experience.
It was late the next day when we finally had a chance to discuss the previous night. Christy assured me that she wasn't mad, and commented that "it had been quite some time since she had seen me that worked up". I confessed the whole story and told her that just didn't want to go in and have a drink, so I improvised and got naked. She kissed me and told me she loved me.
We talked again about our lack of a good sex life and she confessed that she knew sex was important to me and she was really trying to do better. I know things have been really hard for her, physically, and emotionally, and try as I might to console her, and reassure her that I'm not going anywhere, I think she still dwells on that thought.
She has never been one to be turned on by nudity of the opposite sex. Several times in our past she's been extremely turned on by other girls, but not so much by other guys. I know she does not understand why it excites me to be naked in front of other people / girls, but she does not judge me for it or think less of me.
Many times in the past we have played betting games, she would be certain about something, I would be certain about something else and I would say, "Bet! Put your money where your mouth is". I started a little joke between us one night saying, "I'll bet you $50 to a blowjob".
No matter how confident she was on her winning of the bet, she never would take me up on that. But she would bet little stuff like back rubs, foot massages, choice of dinner, etc. So she really shocked me a few weeks back, on a normal Monday night, we got into a discussion about a family vacation... Soon we were arguing about what year we took a certain vacation. I told her we went to Arkansas in 2015, she told me we went to St Louis in 2015, we were both sure.
She sticks her hand out and says, "I'll bet you"
I stuck my hand out, smiled and said, "okay you're on what are we betting 50 bucks to a blowjob?"
She pauses for a second - "no, something more."
Now she had my interest peaked, and I almost backed out of the bet completely, but I asked, "what exactly do you have in mind?"
"How about the loser has to be a servant for a day, and do whatever the winner says starting Saturday."
Without hesitation, "you're on..."
I knew that both of my boys were going to be gone on overnight Saturday to some friends, and I just knew that I was going to have a whole day of hot sex in every position imaginable. We have a rule at our house, if you make a bet, you don't back out. Well what I didn't know was that the day before our bet, a Facebook memory scrolled across her account saying, "here is a memory of your St Louis trip from 2015". How can I argue with pictures... a picture is worth a thousand words.
Defeated and deflated, I asked her, "So what do I have to do?"
"I will tell you on Saturday, you don't need to know that right now."
It was Thursday mid-morning when Christy texted me.
"Hey the girls want to meet for a therapy session (which means go to the Mexican restaurant, have a few drinks, and chat), tonight do we have anything going?"
These are the same girls she always goes out with...I reply, "no, that's fine go have fun."
Little did I know that the girl's therapy session's main topic that night would be about the bet she had won, and what was going to happen to me on Saturday. Apparently they had quite a time talking about it, and they gave her a long list of ideas to "torture" me. Damn, I guess girls don't keep anything private. When she got back Thursday night after having a few drinks and a few laughs, as she walked in the door, she had a mischievous grin on her face.
"What are you grinning for?"
Smirking, she replies, "oh, I just heard something funny on the radio right before I came in."
I kind of gave her my questioning raised eyebrow look and she shrugged her shoulders and said, "what?"
I said, "nothing," and I just let it drop.
It had been almost 2 weeks since my last orgasm, and I was looking forward to the kids being gone Saturday so that we could share some 'skin' time. Saturday rolls around and about 11:00 in the morning both of the kids leave the house and say they'll be back Sunday afternoon. They had no sooner left the driveway when Christy grabbed me by the hand, and said, "come on let's go take a shower."
She led me to the master bath where we have a double-headed shower, and I was thinking that it was perfect timing, because my balls were starting to ache as they were really backed up. We don't take a lot of showers together, and more often than not, if we shower together, we end up having sex. I could not have been more wrong that day.
I wrapped my arms around her and started caressing her breasts and she said "back off mister, you're on the clock as of right now you belong to me and you have to do exactly what I say, no questions asked!" She handed me her scrunchie and said "Wash Me like a queen that you will be worshiping later," and laughed...
Immediately I had a raging hard on. She knows that it drives me nuts when she talks dirty to me, and very rarely does she talk dirty to me. After shampooing her hair, giving her a scalp massage, and cleaning every nook and cranny of her body, she asks me to hand her her razor and shaving cream. She eyes my hard cock and asks..."why are you still hard, I told you you aren't getting any?"
She reached over and turned my shower knob almost all the way to cold and told me to stand underneath my own faucet while she shaves. This was very cruel and I was not expecting that. I protested.
"No way the water's freezing."
She put her hands on her hips and she cocked her head sideways and she said, "a bet, is a bet Mister! Now do as you're told."
When she had finished shaving to the point that she is silky smooth - EVERYWHERE, she turned her and my water off.
"Grab my towel and dry me off, I'm ready to get out."
I did as I was instructed, as she left the shower she turned my cool water back on and she said "you need to wash everything and make sure you are not stubbly anywhere... I want you squeaky clean when you are done showering."
As she left and closed the bathroom door she said, "and don't forget to wipe the shower down."
I bit my tongue and smiled. She was definitely taking advantage of her "servant" for the day, and the day has barely begun.
I finished up, threw a little gel in my hair, and put some deodorant on. Not knowing exactly what was in store for the day I grabbed my robe off the back of the bathroom door and I walked out of the bedroom into the main house. She was sitting in a chair thumbing through her Kindle. She looked up as I walked in and in a stern voice said, "go take that robe off and do not even think about having any more clothes on until tomorrow."
Jokingly I said "yes ma'am," and saluted her and did as I was told.
When I came back in, she said she was getting a little hungry and told me to go look out in the freezer and see what we had so I could fix her some lunch. When I came back in from the garage she was on the phone. I waited until she acknowledged me, and said... "I can fix you some grilled chicken breast on the Foreman (because outside grilling naked at 12 pm wasn't really an option) and then make a nice salad to put it in, or I can do a brunch for you and make eggs, sausage and toast."
She replied "go ahead with the grilled chicken salad."
I walked back out to the garage to get some chicken and when I returned she was smiling, and said,
"Hey babe, go grab another chicken breast, Sandy is coming over for lunch."
She told me later that my face went 4 shades pale.
"Wh-wh-what, are you serious? This was supposed to be OUR Saturday?"
She just looked at me and quietly said "it IS our Saturday babe, now that is the last time you will back-talk me this weekend, am I clear?"
"Yes, Ma'am," and I went back out to the freezer.
As I was walking across the garage, I couldn't think clearly. I was not used to being "bossed" around, and admittedly, I was liking it as my cock was growing and growing, and by the time I made it back to the kitchen, I was hard as a rock.
"I'm thirsty, bring me some ice water please" came from other room, and without hesitation, l reply
"Yes dear."
As I handed her her glass of water, she looked right at my cock, smacked it slightly from side to side, smiled, and asked, "what have we here... this better not be in this state when Sandy gets here. UNDERSTAND?"
I swallowed what spit I had in my mouth (which was next to none) and said, "yes Dear ''. I turned, went back to the kitchen to start on her lunch.
"Hey Babe, how long until Sandy gets here...just wanna make sure lunch is ready?" (truth was, I was having a hard time losing my erection and wanted to make sure I was flaccid before she arrived).
"Probably less than 10 minutes, she was leaving when I hung up with her."
Oh great I thought to myself and it was only about 7 minutes later when she arrived, I was pretty well back to normal (my normal is between 3-4 inches, and I'm not really sure why this impresses anybody, but it might have to do with my slender/athletic frame).
Christy got up and walked out to the sunroom, hollering over her shoulder, "we will be out here, so bring our lunch out when it's ready".
I mumbled something under my breath, more less mocking "bring it out here," and she snapped,
"WHAT DID YOU SAY"?
"Nothing sweetheart, I will bring it out when it's ready. Should be just a few more minutes."
I was not even 2 hours into the payoff of my all day bet, and I was already regretting ever playing. I hear the sunroom door open and close as Sandy came into the sunroom from the back driveway.
"NOOOOOO."
"yes."
laughter.
"You are not."
"Oh you wait and see."
More laughter.
I could hear bits and pieces of their conversation, but not enough to understand most of it. What I did hear, started my mind racing, and then, my cock started growing again. Shit, Shit, Shit, Shit....I don't need this right now, I thought to myself, as my erection started to harden again. What to do, what to do. Seems nothing was working to reduce my hard-on. I swear sometimes that damn thing has a mind of its own. After a few minutes Christy calls out, "how much longer, I thought it would be ready now?"
It is ready...I'm not - was my thought. "Be there in a minute," was my answer.
I ran back out to the garage and opened the freezer door and all but climbed inside of it. Damn it was cold, but not cold enough to completely make me soft.
I ran back into the kitchen, grabbed the bowls and forks, a couple of napkins, and took one last deep breath. Trying to clear my head, I told myself "ok, it's all good", and I headed to the Sunroom to deliver lunch.
As I walked through the door, Sandy looked over and said..."well, hi handsome, You bringing me something good to put in my mouth?"
I don't know if it was imagination running wild or the actual tone of her voice, but I could have sworn she was asking in a sexy, sultry voice, and wasn't referring to the salad.
I smile replying, "well, it's guaranteed good or your money back."
They both laughed and I reached forward to hand Sandy her lunch. She grabbed my hand instead of the bowl and pulled me a little closer as she lowered my hand towards her lap. Making eye contact with me the entire time. About the time the bowl was resting in her lap, she looked right at my cock and licked her lips, and said, "well I can't wait to get a taste, I bet it is delicious."
WHY. WHY. WHY is she tormenting me? My cock was no longer listening to me, it was growing again, and in just a few seconds it was fully erect again. My wife cleared her throat, and I snapped my attention to her. "Here Dear, your lunch," anything else I can get you ladies?"
My wife stood up, set her bowl down on the end table beside her chair, and got right in my face. In a quiet but very firm voice said, "I thought I told you to lose your erection", as she grabbed me by the cock, firmly and tugged towards her at the same time.
"I'm sorry", was all I could muster to say, and I looked at the ground shamefully.
She leaned in and whispered in my ear, "you're going to learn to do as you're told."
Then she stepped back and released my hard cock, and looked down at her hand. In a mock disgusted voice, she said, "you just leaked pre-cum all over me. What am I supposed to do with this?"
She held her hand up in front of my face and in a firm voice, "clean my hand."
I was nervous, my knees were shaking. I looked over at Sandy, and she was just sitting there, eyes wide, holding her salad bowl with a big smile on her face.. I was looking around for a napkin. "LICK!" Christy said in a loud demanding tone. I leaned forward and proceeded to lick her hand clean. This did absolutely nothing to reduce the rigidness of my cock.
I was already confused as to why Sandy was even there, because this was supposed to be our time, and now Christy is totally embarrassing me in front of her friend. My stomach was in a big knot. Christy looked at her hand and then looked at me.
"Sandy needs something to drink, go make us some margaritas, and you better be more presentable when you come back."
My balls were actually aching at this point, so I ran off to the kitchen and grabbed the first thing I could think of, a bag of frozen vegetables out of the kitchen freezer and placed them right on my cock and balls. "What have I gotten myself into?" was running through my mind. "I can't do this."
After a few minutes I hear Christy holler "how much longer on our drinks?"
I quickly whipped up a pitcher of margaritas, grabbed glasses out of the cabinet, poured them, and went walking back out to the sunroom. This time I was not rigid like a flagpole, but I was definitely not fully deflated. I walked over to hand Sandy her drink first. I stopped in front of her and held the glass of margarita out. Instead of taking the glass out of my hand, she just stared intently at my cock.
After a few seconds she said, "oh wow, you look so smooth. I wish my man would shave for me". She reaches up and starts rubbing all over by balls and smiles...
"Uh oh, what's this?"
I looked down and immediately saw what she was referring to. Smiling, she grabs my cock, and slowly milks another long stream of precum from my semi hard penis. She caught it with her other fingers. She looked over at Christy and they smiled at each other.
Sandy looked back at me and said, "you've made quite a mess on my fingers, clean them off," and she pushed her hand up towards my face.
I froze. She then proceeded to shove her two precum covered fingers into my mouth. So, not really having a choice, I wrap my lips around the two strange fingers, and suck gently as she slowly pulls them from my mouth.
So much for staying soft, almost immediately I was back to a full-fledged raging hard on. I find a weak voice inside of me, "please take your drink."
She smiled wickedly and said, "thanks."
I asked if either lady needed anything else and they both replied not at the moment. I said okay great, I will be in the kitchen cleaning it up. I had never had sexual thoughts about Sandy before, but damn, my head was spinning, and cock was throbbing as I walked back into the kitchen. I was having 1,000 thoughts at once, my balls were aching, my knees were weak. I was pretty much a screwed up mess.
How could Christy do this to me? We had not talked about this before today, but I thought it was just going to be her and I for the payoff of the bet. Christy knows that I don't want to be with any other woman so why is she letting her friend be in on the payoff of this bet? I definitely wasn't sure what the rest of the day was going to hold, but I did know that the kitchen was a mess and that I better get to cleaning....
After about 15 minutes of cleaning up in the kitchen, trying to think of anything that was non-sexual, I was just finishing up when I heard my wife holler out my name from the sunroom. I replied, "be right there". What does she want? What kind of torture was I in for now? I grabbed a paper towel and squeezed my now soft cock clear of any precum so that I would not have that issue again in front of them.
I went to the sunroom and asked politely, "what can I get for you ladies?"
Christy replied, "margaritas.... We want more margaritas. So glad you are more presentable, now run along."
I went back to the kitchen to make drinks. After blending and pouring into glasses with salted rims, I deliver their drinks and return to the kitchen. There was about a half a cup of Margarita left in the blender. So I poured it into a cup to drink it, so it didn't go to waste. As I'm rinsing out the blender in the sink, I picked up the glass and took a drink of what I had poured right as my wife walked into the kitchen.
"What the fuck are you doing?" Christy asked in a large loud voice startling me, making me jump.
"I'm rinsing out the blender."
"And what is that on your other hand, did I say that you could drink a margarita?"
I shook my head, she said, "what? I can't hear you."
"No ma'am you didn't."
She instructed me to get a pillow and come to the sunroom.
I grabbed a large pillow off of the bed, and proceeded to go back out to the sunroom.
"What can I do for you ladies?"
Christy stuck her legs out in front of her, "rub my feet. Put the pillow on the floor, kneel down on it, and rub my feet."
I obeyed without talking.
All morning, my wife had been wearing loose, very short, lounge shorts. As I rubbed her feet, her conversation with Sandy seemed strained as she was losing herself in the moment because, quite honestly, I am great at rubbing feet. She was moaning almost to the point that could be confused with a sexual moan. She shifted in her chair and that's when I should have never looked up her leg, because her smooth glistening pussy was fully exposed in the leg hole of her loose shorts. Oh no... my cock is stirring again. I switched to the other foot, and the moans increased.
Little by little Christy shifted back and forth in the chair moaning about how good that felt. Due to the fact that I was lower than their eye level, neither girl really realized that my erection had returned. My eyes were drawn to my wife's crotch and it was as though I was hypnotized by her beautiful pussy. I swear I could see wetness on her lips.
Was she as turned on as I have been all day?
Then my trance was broken "Ok my turn" said Sandy.
I tried to shuffle without getting up, but no luck. I had to basically stand up and move over and kneel back down, exposing my erection once again. The erection that I was not supposed to have. Maybe they didn't see it because they were involved in a conversation, or maybe they just decided to let it go, but nothing was said about it.
I grabbed Sandy's foot and as soon as I started massaging it, she was laughing and giggling nearly uncontrollably. I asked her if she was okay and she kept saying that it really tickled, and that she had never had a foot massage. I tried to switch to the other foot but it was no better, all she did was laugh and giggle and jerk uncontrollably because it tickled too much. She giggled and pleaded, "stop. Please stop."
I asked if there was anything else I could do and Christy said "yes, you can leave us because we have some serious talking to do"
As I stood up to leave Christy said, "and don't think you're getting away unscathed with that erection that you got mister. I think you need to go to your room while we discuss a few things."
I left the room. My thoughts were scrambled. I did not expect the day to develop like it did. I have not "performed" as demanded, and God dammit it is not my fault. I was already sex deprived, and then expected not to get turned on. Wtf. I was almost pissed and ready to just quit. I was sulking in the bedroom for quite some time when I was called into the living room. My erection had subsided, my mood had sobered.
"Yes Ma'am, what do you desire now?"
I was looking right at Christy, keeping eye contact, and avoiding looking at Sandy. I was really trying to stay focused. "Sandy feels cheated. I got an enjoyable massage and she didn't. I think we have a way to remedy that. You are going to give her a back massage. She absolutely loves back massages, so go warm up the lotion in the microwave, and she will go into our bedroom and lay down on the bed."
I replied, "ok", and went on my way. As I walked into the kitchen to warm up the lotion, my thoughts were again all over the board.
What are they doing?
What am I doing?
Why is Christy doing this?
I heated the lotion, walked to the bedroom and politely knocked on the door. Sandy hollered, "I'm ready", and as I reached for the door handle to open the door I took a deep breath, heart fluttering, I entered.
I hesitated after I opened the door. Sandy was laying across the bed with no shirt on at all, and a pair of low rise skimpy bikini panties. Now I have known Sandy for 20 plus years, and although I have never really been attracted to her, she is cute in the face, and I was seeing her in a little different light. There is something about a half naked woman laying on your bed that kind of puts things in a different perspective.
I sat down on the bed beside her, sideways and proceeded to oil up my hands. I was leaning over and rubbing her back the best I could. She was kind of in the middle of the bed so it made it difficult not to be able to stand up beside her. I was pretty uncomfortable, but I was trying to do a good job. I was shifting around trying to get a better angle on how to massage the best I could.
Sandy had her arms laying down each side of her, and at one point, in my search for a more comfortable position, my semi-erect penis rubbed against her hand. I froze. Sandy commented, "oh was that a massage wand?"
I kind of laughed, "I guess it could be."
She felt around with her hand and got a firm grip on my cock. I was trying to ignore her and I continued to massage her back. As I was rubbing her back, she started gently stroking my penis...GREAT!!! a total hard on for the 27th time today. She was moaning, I was moaning, it was very erotic. CONFUSING, but very erotic.
I got brave and pulled free from her grip and straddled her thighs. My dick settled right onto her lower back and the upper crack of her ass. As I was massaging her back, every time I would lean forward to reach her upper back and shoulders, my dick would push down against her silk panties, and the crack of her ass and she would moan. I was extremely worked up and I was probably seconds away from cumming on her back, when I caught a glimpse of movement by the door.
I looked over and Christy was standing there with her hands on her hips... silent. Watching. I went back to work massaging Sandy and after a couple minutes of watching, Christy said, "wow, that is so hot. Maybe you should finish up there, babe. It's getting late and I still have some more things planned for you."
I said, "ok," and I dragged my blue balls off the back/ass of her best friend. That was definitely a first, and something I never thought my wife would arrange. Who is this woman all of a sudden?
Back out in the living room, I was saying goodbye to Sandy. She gave me a big hug, and whispered, "thank you for the fantastic massage, too bad I didn't have more time today...oh well, maybe some other time you could finish."
I swallowed and I said, "thank you for coming over".
Without another word, she reached down, grabbed my cock and jerked it about 15 or 20 times really quick, edging me to almost having an orgasm. She smiled a big smile, turned away, then giggled, hugged Christy and left. Christy just sat down, silent without any further instructions.
I was standing in the middle of the room, my cock was so full of blood, it twitched noticeably with every beat of my heart. The veins on my shaft were full and bulging. The head of my dick was purple, and a long line of precum was hanging off the end of my purple engorged head. I could feel my elevated blood pressure, I could feel the veins in my neck throbbing, my hands tingle. I was slightly light-headed.
I asked Christy, "is there anything you need right now"?
"I think everything is perfect at the moment."
I walked out of the room and went back into the kitchen to get me something to drink.
As I stood there leaning against the counter, I grabbed a paper towel and cleaned myself up a little bit. I did not hear my wife walk into the kitchen until she was right beside me, she embraced me in a big hug. I looked down at her and I asked, "what in the world has gotten into you? Why would you do this to me without discussing it? I am so fucking horny right now that I can't even think straight."
She smiled and she said, "I know you are, isn't it fantastic.... That was so hot watching you be used today. Now come into the bedroom, I think I want a back rub and an orgasm".
I followed her to the bedroom where she stripped off all of her clothes and laid down on the bed. I grabbed the oil and climbed onto the bed. Straddling her thighs just like I had done to Sandy. I really wasn't sure how much longer I could hold out without accidentally blowing a load. After several minutes of rubbing her back, she said, "I'm going to roll over," so I raised up off of her and she flipped onto her back. She looked absolutely stunning as always laying there completely naked fully exposed.
I grabbed the oil and drizzled some on her chest. As I started to massage her breasts and upper chest, slight moans came out of her mouth as she laid there with her eyes closed. I gently rubbed her nipples and rolled them between my fingers ever so gently tugging on them while I was asking her if it felt good.
She replied, "I want you to stop right now."
I obeyed. She spread her legs apart, and looked me right in the eye.
"My pussy is so wet right now that it's running down into my ass. I am so soaked that the sheets are getting wet under me. I want your tongue. I want your mouth. I want you to make me cum."
"Yes, your Highness," was my only words before I settled down between her thighs preparing to worship her sweet, sweet pussy.
My cock was leaking like a faucet as I slowly started to softly lick her honey. She was drenched... wetter than I can ever remember. Her hands guided my head gently to ensure that I was licking exactly where she wanted. The more I licked, the more she squirmed. The pressure of her hands on my head indicated that she was close to orgasm. The more I ate, her moans increased, and her hands squeezed harder. I licked down as far as I could, almost able to get to her backdoor, and then up, as deep as my tongue would allow through the channel of her drenched pussy.
As I ran circles around her engorged clit, she moaned "right there, right there, just like that, don't you stop". I had no intention of stopping. Her knees were bent and her legs started to squeeze my head as I felt the first quiver. Then, wave after wave of pure ecstasy ran through her body as I backed off my pressure to let her slowly come down.
"Oh my God. That started way down in my toes, and ended behind my eyes. That was a huge wave of an orgasm. I think I need a nap after that... so why don't you go and watch TV for an hour, and come back and wake me up with some good kisses. And DON'T you dare cum, or play with yourself at all while I rest, got it?"
"Yes dear" was all I said, and walked out to the living room.
As I sat in the living room, (on a towel because I was dripping pre-cum everywhere) I couldn't help but reflect back on the last 10 years or so of our relationship. We had been in such a rut, I could hardly remember what real passion even felt like. My head was spinning from today, and it was only 5:30. I had to wake her in an hour, and wondered what lay ahead for me to endure. What, in the name of Christ, had gotten into my wife.
The TV was on, but I don't remember what I was watching. I just sat there. Like a zombie. I glanced at the clock, 30 more minutes...My cock still semi-erect. It almost seemed it might have endured more than it could handle. It definitely had a full day, and there was still lots of time left on my payoff of the bet.
I walked back to the bedroom, slowly opened the door, and just stood there, staring at my beautiful wife. She was curled up, partially covered in the sheets, and partially exposed. Her breathing was deep, and I could tell she was "out". Well, she said, one hour, so I crawled up the bed and softly kissed her thigh. It was exposed and so was her upper shoulder. I gently laid over her kissing her back/shoulder and made my way up her neck...
She smiled just a little smirk of a smile, and moaned. I kissed her neck and around to her lips. She responded by kissing me back, deeply and ran her hand on the back of my head, grabbing my hair and pulling gently while pushing her tongue into my mouth. My cock was reacting yet again, and I moaned quietly as my erection built to full hardness. We both kind of rolled over and she was on top of me, taking control.
"Oh my, your cock is so hard right now,"; She was gripping and stroking my aching hard-on. "I'm guessing that you are really, really wanting to cum?" she purred into my ear.
"Yes, I want to so badly. Please let me cum."
She lowered her mouth to my cock head and slowly engulfed me. It was heaven. And then... she stopped. Why was she torturing me so?
"I can't wait to see how big your load is when I finally let you cum."
She giggled and looked at me while still stroking me. Again, precum was flowing out of me. She milked slowly on my cock and licked all the fluid she could... then she looked at me, smiled and leaned into me for a deep, passionate kiss. I could hear "Mmmmmmmmm," coming out of her, somewhere. Maybe it was guttural, maybe my imagination, either way, my head spinning and I was trying my best not to pass out.
She got up from the bed and nonchalantly stated... "I'm getting hungry, what are you making me for dinner?"
I just looked at her, speechless, as she sauntered out the door.
"WELL???" The words just sort of hung in the air as my ears were not really listening. I snapped out of my temporary trance and asked her.
"What would you like, dear?"
"Mmm, I'm craving Minsky's, why don't you go get me some Minsky's pizza?"
I reminded her, "if that's what you want, but you realize I have to put clothes on to go get it?"
We live way outside the delivery zone. Christy ponders for a few and says, "yeah, maybe that's not a good idea then. How about you make me some fajitas and fix me another margarita while I wait. I'll be in the living room with my kindle". And she was gone.
I walked to the kitchen, made a pitcher of margaritas and took one to her. I sat it on the table next to her, and turned back to the kitchen. As I walk away, she says, "Make sure you make enough for 2, I don't want to eat alone."
I asked, "I assume I will be eating with you?"
She just smiled and went back to her Kindle. I just shook my head as I walked back to prepare dinner. I couldn't help but think, who is this woman, this is definitely not the woman I had been with for the last 10 years. After 20 or so minutes in the kitchen, she asks, "how much longer?"
"Maybe 10 minutes."
She doesn't say anything, and after a couple more minutes the doorbell rings.
I froze in place, standing at the stove. It rings again. "You want me to get that?" I ask.
No reply.
Ding dong, again it rings. I think maybe she went to the bathroom, so I walked to the door and slowly opened it, and it was.... Christy! She was standing there in her robe, laughing.
"I got you good, bahahaha"...
She was cracking herself up. She is really being evil to me. "Get me another drink, and let's eat, I'm starving!", and she sat down at the table.
I brought dinner in and sat down beside her. We made small talk, laughed, shared some memories, and it was nice. After dinner, I cleared the table and was cleaning the kitchen when she asked, "One more drink please?"
"Coming right up."
I couldn't hear clearly, but she made some off-hand comment, barely audible "you're going to be coming alright"... I refilled her drink and asked what she was reading on her Kindle?"
"Just a story, nothing special."
I had heard that reply probably 20 times in the past. I knew it had to be erotica, but she would never tell me what the stories were about. I just went back to the kitchen.
The kitchen was clean, and the night was winding down. Christy had been all but silent the last 30 minutes, and that usually meant that the margaritas were putting her to sleep. I walked to the living room and Christy had her robe undone, and it was just hanging there, more less draped on her, not really covering anything.
"Come here lover," she says to me.
As I walk up to her, I can't help thinking, maybe now I will get some relief. I lean down to give her a kiss, we lock lips passionately, as our tongues explore each other's mouths. She breaks the kiss, reaches out her hand, and I help her to her feet. She says, "let's go to the bedroom, I need some of that dick I have been seeing all day."
As we both lay on the bed, my cock is immediately at full hardness for what seems to be the 100th time today. I hold myself above her and tease her pussy with my rod sliding it up and down in her wetness. She is purring, and whispers, "you have a fantastic cock, have I ever told you how fantastic your cock is?"
These words do nothing but excite me more. She rarely, rarely talks dirty, and she knows what effect it has on me. Suddenly she grabs the back of my head and pulls me over sideways. We do a kind of barrel roll, with her suddenly on top.
Her eyes lock on mine as she straddles me, hovering her wet pussy over my throbbing cock. And the real torture begins.... She slides about an inch onto my shaft, and retreats. She does this a half a dozen times at least, just denying me the wet, tight, grip of her fantastic, slick, smooth pussy. She tells me how much she wants to cum, and that I had better not even think about cumming until she gets hers. She sinks all the down and trembles... shuttering in deep breaths while adjusting to me. I am in heaven. Christy has always had a tight pussy and the grip that it had on me right now was hypnotizing.
She is sitting up pushing her hands against my chest when she asks... "are you alright, you're not cumming yet are you?"
"Not yet, but I'm fucking close."
She smiles, devilishly, and rocks back and forth, up and down. Back and forth, up and down. I am building, and I beg her to stop. She slows, but continues...
Then the words...those words that she started speaking, just killed me.
"You looked so hot earlier when Sandy came over."
"Did you like having a strange hand wrapped around your hard cock?"
"How did it feel when she was stroking your cock?"
"You better calm down... you're breathing heavily. You have already disappointed 3-4 times today by back talking, not staying soft, drinking when you didn't have permission. You better follow through with your end of the bet..."
"You do what you're told without question, and I right now, I say - I cum before you."
She rocked back and forth, and raised and lowered on my dick, agonizing me and pushing me closer to the edge. I was so close.
"Babe, please stop, I need you to stop," I begged.
"You don't cum in me until after I cum, I'm warning you. If you had not been so worked up when you were around me and Sandy all day you wouldn't be having such problems, would you? Your cock feels like it's in my throat, you are so huge."
I'm pleading, "please, please stop."
She smiles and says, "but I'm close, I'm so close".
Then she pushes too far and says, "you know when you were giving Sandy her back rub, and your cock was sliding up and down on the crack of her ass I was standing in the doorway fingering myself not really believing what my eyes were seeing, you're so sexy when you were serving us."
That was it...
I exploded. I came HARD, I actually screamed and thrusted up into her bucking over and over shooting my huge load deep into her tight pussy. I must have had 7-8 spurts of cum shoot out of me. The biggest load I could ever recall.
As I opened my eyes, my heart skipped a beat. Christy was... smiling. But it wasn't a "I'm happy for you" smile, it was a mischievous smile.
"Now you did it...I haven't cum yet. You disappointed me yet again. I guess the only way I'm going to be able to cum is orally now."
And I know the look on my face was pure terror.
"Baby, I'm sorry. You had me so worked up I just couldn't hold out any more, I'm so, so sorry," I pleaded.
She smiles really big and says, "I know you're sorry, but I don't know any other way for me to cum, and I want to cum so bad."
With those words she lifted off of my cock, and did a knee-straddle walk up my stomach, up my chest, and right over the top of my face. I turned my head a little and she grabbed my hair... "no you don't, you had a choice, but you blew it, and now you don't have a choice."
Years ago, we had talked about this "scenario" where I cum in her and she sits on my face, forcing me to clean her/make her cum. I had read stories and thought it would be hot to try it but she never wanted any part of it. In fact, she always told me it kind of grossed her out and she didn't think she could ever do it. So we never really talked about it again.
As she hovered over my face, holding my hair, she softly said, "make me cum. Eat my pussy, and make me cum". And she lowers her cum soaked pussy onto my mouth.
I had no choice, I was overwhelmed by the smell of our combined sex, and my mouth went to work. I opened up and started darting my tongue in and out, and all around. My head was spinning. Christy was moaning, and really pulling my hair.
"Oh, eat my pussy, make me cum. Eat it. I bet my pussy is completely full of your cum. Clean me, lick me, eat it all..." With that she shutters and moans and bucks her hips hard against my face.
Collapsing against me, we lay there. Skin on skin. Our breathing almost syncronized.
To be honest, I'm not sure I really swallowed much of my own cum or anything at all. Looking back, it was all such a blur. After she settled down from her hard orgasm, my face looked like a huge glazed donut.
She walked to the bathroom, and within a few seconds, she tossed a warm wet washcloth onto my chest. I was still just laying there, motionless. I was numb. She said, "Honey, clean yourself up". I groaned and started cleaning. I got up, wrapped my arms around her, and told her how amazing she was.
This was the first time that Christy has ever 'taken the lead' in our sexual time together. She just doesn't have a 'dominant' personality gene I guess. This day has unlocked two things. Her interest in being more dominant, or assertive, and my interest in being dominated, or at least submissive.
Well, that was basically the last of my "servant" bet, but not the end of our renewed/rekindled relationship. We have played around a few other times, and I look forward to sharing more of our stories with you.