This is a story of how a loving and happily married woman became a slut and worse. She loved her husband and life enough to give herself away to keep them together, but not totally happy.
Wife to Slut to Company Whore
Part One
The beginning and the people
Narrator: The people involved are as follows; Rebecca (Wife), Steven (Husband), Paul Kingsman (Employer and owner of Bank), Alan Farmer (Kingsman's assistant) and some others you'll meet through out the story. I'll give you some background, then let them tell the Story.
Rebecca is one of those pretty, but sexy and cute women you meet in this world, and like most she has her secrets. Since she was 10 years old, she and the neighbor boy used to go out at night, strip their clothes off, and run around the small town naked for hours at a time. As puberty set in, it became more than just exhibitionism, they started exploring sex as well. Then they mixed the two together and her fetish about having sex naked in public was born.
She met Steven in high school, and she Introduced him to her fetish, and it became their favorite thing to do together. They went to college together and honed their exhibitionist skills as well as daring fetishes about sex. She has an insatiable sex drive and can get Steven to play in the most unusual and risky situations.
Steven was a normal kid until he met and hooked up with Rebecca. A good-looking boy, always top of his class, and excelled at anything his put his mind to. Truth be told, he would have been content with an average sex life, but Rebecca kept dragging him into her fetish, and he couldn't say NO to this girl. He got into his first-choice college, but Rebecca did not, so he opted to go where she got accepted. He never saw it as a pediment to his future as he knew he would do well wherever he went to school.
Paul Kingsman is a successful businessman who bought a banking institution and turned it into an investment bank and a place known for doing business at, if you didn't want many questions asked. But since he privately owned the bank, he used it to feed his perverse and deviate impulses, and made it clear he was the top decision in the office, meaning he could flirt, touch more than is normal, and pressure women employees into his bed. He also had an insatiable sex drive and relieved his urges as often as he could.
Alan Farmer was a kid that never really excelled at anything he ever did, including almost fkunking out of a community college. He worked no where jobs as a nobody until Kingsman offered him a job. He figured he would never amount to much, so being the assistant and now servant, of someone important was the best he could ever do. Nothing about him made him even memorable to people, he was still single, and most thought him to be a virgin. Getting laid would make his year and be a high point in his life.
Rebecca's story (told by her)
Hi, my name is Rebecca and I'm going to tell you a bit about me. I am 26, 5'4" tall, 127 pounds, blonde hair just below my shoulders, blue eyes, I wear a 28C bra to show off what I consider my best assets as I've always had a little too much meat on my stomach and upper thighs. That's why I wear mid-thigh dresses and skirts, so, I only show the good parts of my legs, but we can go into that later.
Back when I was around ten, I introduced my neighbor to my fetish which is being naked in places outside where you should not be naked. I started doing it back when I was seven and I walked upon some older kids running around the park stark naked. (Up to that point, I would walk around in the middle of the night, but I always had a dress on that I would lift occasionally for the thrill) They were afraid I would tell someone, so they spent time convincing me to join them. Being the Brash little girl I was, I blackmailed them to include me in their outings, and that's where I got started.
They would pick me up a block from my house and I would crawl in the back with the teenage girl, and we would ride around naked with the windows down. We would go places further than I could walk to, and we would let our inner exhibitionists out. In no time they were having sex with me standing there naked and watching, that is until the girl taught me how to play with myself. Masturbating totally naked outside was more of a thrill then just running around without my clothes, so it became a regular thing.
That went on for two to three years until He went off to the Army and she left for college, and that's when I got my neighbor boy Greg Zimmer to start joining me naked outside. As a kid he had a crush on me and he would have done anything I asked of him, which taught me the power of a pussy and the weakness of boys. Eventually we had sex outside on our outings, and he thought he was special to me, not knowing I had sex with 3/4's of the boys in town, always outside somewhere.
That is until I met Steven, he was the only one that made me want to do things to keep him instead of all the other boys doing anything to keep me. Steven and I had some real risky sex back then, in an all-night laundry mat, the front lawn of a church, well you get the idea. The bottom line is I am addicted to being naked where someone might see me, and I love the feeling of a cock inside of me. We both went to the same college, and we kept up in our exploits, getting riskier and riskier until college was over, and we came back home.
We decided that with me having a degree in finance specializing in investments, and Steven with his law degree, would marry and move to a city where we could carve out our fortunes. Between me getting done with college, and Steven spending the extra time on his law degree, we were apart a lot of the time. With my fetishes and my sex drive, I would dress whorishly and go to a college boy bar. Each time I would find a boy to take me somewhere outside and fuck me for all he was worth. This became my normal when Steven was away. When he proposed to me, I knew that part of my life would have to stop, but I loved him and decided the moment we were married, it would all come to an end. But until that day, I was going to have as much fun as possible. Even right up until that day, I was having sex with strangers in risky places at night when I could.
By the time we were to get married the internet came to be, so it was easier to set up my outdoor fuck sessions and I didn't have to drive to bars waiting for one of them to be brave enough to talk to me. But this was all older Men, men who knew how to rough fuck a bitch, and I liked that even more. Just being used as a fucktoy in public places sent my thrill level through the roof. I learned how to take a cock into my throat, not by choice, and they would fuck like wild animals, and I found the more I taunted them the harder they would fuck me. I was in heaven and even considered not getting married, but I loved Steven and didn't want to lose him. I figured I could teach him how to fuck the way I liked, and he would be my one and only cock from here on out.
But even the morning of our wedding I told everyone I needed 30 minutes alone, locked the door to the bridal room, and had two guys come through the window to fuck me in my wedding gown. After they left, I just pulled up my lacy white bikini's and walked down the isle carrying two loads of cum. Talk about risky, I Just couldn't control my fetish of being caught being a whore. After that, I kept my promise and never cheated on my husband, but my fetish still lives on inside of me. Well, that's my history before we were married, diamonds and warts.
Steven's story (Told by him)
My name is Steven and I'm married to a wonderful and beautiful woman named Rebecca. I am 26, 5'10" tall, 154 pounds, athletic build, light brown hair, and bright blue eyes. I am intelligent and know ALL about my wife's sexual deviances, including her one about being manhandled when fucked. Her and I had some freaky experiences to feed her urges, including stripping in the car, putting our clothes and a set of extra keys in a bag, leaving it behind a rock somewhere, and driving off a mile or so where I would park, throw my keys into a dark field, and then make our way back to the bag of clothes. We would always fuck on the way and boy was the sex fantastic knowing we hadn't any clothes, keys, or ID if we got caught.
I Know about her exploits while I was finishing my degree, but she has been totally faithful since we said I DO. She is everything in my life, and the only thing I could never get over is her cheating on me and breaking or vows to each other. We are both currently working jobs in companies with no future, and we're not living the life we both thought we would have by now, but we're applying at bigger firms and our hope is we both land jobs that will send us on our way to the dreamlife. That's pretty much it about our lives, but we're still happy with each other and spend many nights feeding her fetish, and now that we live in a city it is even riskier, and that gets her going even more.
Narrator: This story starts at home with just the two of them, him scouring job ads and her naked making dinner.
"Honey, it's still light out and we live in a bottom floor apartment, and the drapes are all open. Are you sure you want to be naked walking around the apartment?"
"Yes Steven, I wish I could attract a peeking Tom so I could let you fuck me eight here on the dinner table."
"You're so crazy Bec, you'd probably run and hide if anyone really saw you."
"Want to bet, I'll walk right out on the patio naked, and I'll prove it too you."
"No need to get us thrown out, I believe you dear."
"Anything look good in the potential job department?"
"I'm not sure. There are two ads that seem to be from the same company, and they're looking for an attorney and an investment associate."
"That sounds good, I'll be working in a cubicle, but you might have an office where we can fuck on tour desk every day at lunch, being loud enough for you secretary to hear us."
"Don't you ever think about anything other than fucking?"
"You know that I don't, so why do you ask such questions?"
"Keep it up and I'll drill you right here on this table."
"Promises, promises."
"This might be something to try for, it says to send resumes to a guy named Kingsman. I'd like to send both digital and paper resumes. I Just think the older guys appreciate it when you take the time to send the printed version and then follow up with a phone call, you know. The things people don't do anymore."
"I'll follow your lead on this one baby, let's give it a shot."
"It also says that appearance is pivotable as they work in personal one on one conditions. It asks for a picture head to toe in business wear with resume."
"I'll pose for mine right now, the person-to-person practice would do much better with me naked, don't you think?"
"No Bec, you'll put in one of your business suits with skirt, and stockings."
"Thigh highs or garter belt, you know I hate pantyhose."
"Thigh highs will work just fine. We'll take the pics right after dinner."
"Take away my fun. You'll have to make it up to me later tonight lover."
"Go take a shower and I'll finish dinner babe."
"Take my pic while I still have my suit on."
"OK, give me some professional poses."
"How's did those come out?"
"Here look for yourself, I took three for you to pick from."
They're great, I'll get yours later."
Rebecca: I took three of me posing naked in the kitchen while he was in the shower, then I had an idea to drive him crazy. I took more of me laying naked on the dinner table, and one with the rolling pin handle in my ass and the meat hammer hanging out of my pussy. Then I returned to finish dinner.
Steven: In the shower I remembered I left the digital camera on the table, which is like catnip to Bec, and I try to keep the number of nude pics of her to a minimum. Left alone to her madness, she'd crop out her face and send them to every porn site she could find, so I'd have to check all out devices to make sure. But that's just part of the job being married to an insatiable exhibitionist.
We ate dinner and Bec got redressed for me to take the pictures, and I printed out our resumes and attaches the pictures along with sending digital copies of each. I was hopeful but cautious as I had high hopes before, but something about this seemed different to me.
Rebecca: After dinner I got dressed and posed for my pictures. Steven compiled everything necessary and sent the digital half of it, and he packaged the paper copies in Manila envelopes and put postage on each. By the rime he was done, I was already naked again thinking of a place to go tonight to get my fill of naked sex in public.
"Well, where do you want to go tonight babe?"
"Like it matters where for you to fuck naked outside?"
"I Just need an extra thrill tonight."
"Don't worry, I have something planned for you Bec."
"Really, I can't wait."
"Then go shower and shave very smooth. I wouldn't want to take the chance of you getting caught with hair down there."
"If I'm caught, hair won't matter."
"Don't you want a perfect mug shot?"
"Yeah, I probably would."
"Besides, I like it when you're totally smooth."
"You got it babe."
Steven: I had a plan and the resumes just fell right into it, but tonight I was going to be risky enough to just scare her a little, to make her be a bit more cautious when we're out. I picked out a summer dress for her to wear and told her nothing else except four-inch heels. I wore drawstring shorts and a Tee with sneakers. We walked out and got into the car, and I just sat in the driver's seat.
"What are we waiting for?"
"I'm not driving until that dress is folded nicely on the seat between us."
"Well, you do have something planned. Do you want me to take it off right here in the parking lot?"
"That's the idea Bec."
Steven: To my complete surprise, she got out of the car, stood up and removed her dress, then stood there naked folding it nicely before getting back in the car.
"How was that lover?"
"If you think that was risky, just wait babe."
"Oh, now you have me excited."
"Hopefully."
Rebecca: As we drove off into the night, I noticed how wet my pussy was. Having Steven lay out the plan for the night was new to both of us, normally I would pick the places and times.
Steven: I drove to an old neighborhood I found while driving around, a neighborhood with small old houses and old residents, a place where no one would be up and around this time of night. I pulled up in front of a mailbox and instead of mailing the resumes, I threw her dress on the other side of the box, drove off and turned around sown the street. I parked across the street from the box and shut the car off.
"Since you have to go over and get your dress, you might as well mail these while you're at it."
"You want me to get out and walk across the street naked under that streetlamp?"
"Yeah, that sounds about right Babe."
"Well, I'm going to need that dress so here I go."
Steven: She got out and started to walk slowly across the street and I got out and followed her. She did a couple quick poses naked in front of the box and started to put the envelopes in it. I took her hands and placed them on top and told her not to move.
"Stay there or I will take the dress and leave you here naked to find tour own way home."
Rebecca: I did as I was told and before I knew it, he was behind me pushing his cock inside of me. I was so horny and wet that I immediately raced towards an orgasm. Steven was pounding me from behind and it wasn't long until I lost it and started Cumming all over the sidewalk. That sent him over the edge, and I felt his cum spraying inside of me as I was still Cumming myself. After I finished, I bent down to pick up my dress and he took my head and fed me his cock, so I squatted there sucking him clean totally naked on a street corner in a residential district. I was so energized and excited I lost track of everything and just focused on his cock in my mouth.
"That's good enough, grab you dress and get into the car."
Steven: She picked up her dress and ran the best she could in heels to the car and jumped in still holding her dress. I put my cock back in my pants and walked over to the car and got in.
"Wow, that was incredible. I never had sex under a streetlight in a housing neighborhood. My heart is still pounding like a big drum in a parade."
"So, you liked my idea?"
"Oh babe, you can do shit like that anytime you want."
"Well, we had our fun for tonight, let's head home."
"I'll be dreaming of this all night long."
Steven: We went home and got into bed, as we both had early mornings tomorrow. She snuggled up to me all night long, and I drifted right off to sleep.
The couple spent the next week just going about their lives and leading their joint secret life out in public at night and since Steven had raised the bar with the mailbox fuck, they both were looking for the next high. Steven had thought he had come up with an idea to get to the next level.
"Hey Bec, did you get an email today?"
"Yes, I did from the Kingsman/Warner investment group thanking us for applying for the job. It said they would be in touch in about three weeks, after they received all applicants and did background checks."
"I got the same email, at least we're going to be considered at our Young ages."
"Well, everyone starts somewhere Babe."
"Yeah, but nit with such a large well known investment bank."
"Well, maybe I should strip for the big man to get us the jobs."
"You don't strip for anyone but me girl."
"Of course sweetheart, I was just teasing."
"I have plans for this weekend, all we have to do is get through the day today and we have two days to do nothing but play."
"You have another idea for us, I can't wait. What's got into you?"
"What do you mean?"
"You always participated in my fetish play, but never got into it as much as you are."
"It's that night at the mailbox, it's still on my mind."
"Why, that was great and really thrilling."
"Yes, it was but think about this? You know how you hear about old women that sit in their windows and copy down every license plate that comes down the street?
"Yeah, I've heard of that.
"Well, then it's possible that one, maybe more, old women saw my wife naked and getting fucked over a mailbox."
"Maybe they called their husbands to the window when they saw us. Maybe half the neighborhood saw your wife being a whore in a street corner."
"You would like that to be the case, wouldn't you?"
"Baby, if I knew that were the case I would go back and give them an hour encore."
"You're incorrigible."
"I notice you didn't tell me where and why your ideas are suddenly popping up."
"To be honest, I didn't know why at first either, then I figured it out."
"And what did you discover babe?"
"I'm a voyeur, and the more risky the situation you are vulnerable in, the more exciting it is to me."
"Really, my straight as an arrow, proper businessman hubby, has a sexual fetish?"
"Yes, and I would like to explore it further, but I need a promise from you first."
"Tell me, you're making me hot."
"For the next two weeks, you agree to do any sexual teasing or flashing I ask you to do, 24/7 and all under my command. I want to see where this goes."
"Do you have ideas already in mind?"
"I've got nothing but ideas, but I think if you give me this control, I'll come up with even more."
"Anything you ask of me for two weeks?"
"Yes, and you can't do anything unless I say so, that way I can protect you and tease you at the same time."
"Let me get this straight, You want total control over what I do, and I have to follow your every direction?"
"Well, I didn't say it that way, but..."
"Just stop baby, it sounds exciting, kinky, and not knowing what's going to happen makes me wet already."
"So' you're in?"
"Completely babe."
"OK, first I want you to wear your shortest suit and skirt to work today."
"I have the light blue one, but I told you it's so short I couldn't promise my panties might not show from time to time."
"I have an answer for that."
"Oh yeah, please tell me your idea."
"You're not wearing panties. And you're not wearing a bra either. Just the skirt, jacket, and a thin blouse with a low neckline."
"Practically naked, you're sending me to work practically naked?"
"No, practically naked wouldn't include a blouse or a skirt, just a longer jacket."
"You sure have found a perverse side of yourself, haven't you?"
"Let me experiment with this, and we will see where it goes together."
"You've got it babe. A business slut I am for the day. What if someone notices and wants to fuck me?"
"Don't even kid, you know the line is drawn at exhibitionism, as it always has."
"Yes Babe, I was just teasing."
"Let's be very upfront about this honey, I could never survive you ever having sex with another man. It would kill me inside."
"Oh dear, I'm not fucking anybody else if I have your cock. What else does a girl need?"
"Good, then let's lay off the teasing about it, OK?"
"Yes, Baby. Now let me get undressed for work."
Rebecca: Steven is sending me to work in an insanely short skirt and jacket, no panties, no bra, and a sheer blouse. If I open my jacket the world is going to see my breasts and if I bend, they'll see my ass and maybe my pussy. I might purposely spend the day bending without my jacket. Hell, I'm an exhibitionist, I might be letting that little skirt ride up all day long.
"Steven: Bec came out with her jacket undone and I could clearly see her full breasts and nipples through her thin blouse. I reached to feel them and gave one a little tweak, and she seemed to be enjoying every minute of my plan. I reached under her skirt, and I was assured she was having a good time as she was as wet as any other time we played. We got in the car and just sitting her skirt was riding dangerously high on her thighs and she just smiled.
"I love you babe."
"I love you too Bec."
Rebecca: Steven looked at my thighs the entire ride to work, but it's what he couldn't see that made me even wetter. As I got out, trying to be careful, my pussy was on complete display for a few seconds. This is going to be a fun day. We said our goodbyes and he left as I walked into work getting looks from every man there. I told you before, we would discuss my manner of dress for work. I always pushed the limit to see if my boss would say something about it, but I always hid my upper thighs. Maybe I'm a little heavy there or maybe it's self-conscious, but I didn't like the look when I was sitting looking down at them. They just looked like the thighs of a woman in her late 30's not a young thing like me, but now that's all water under the bridge now. Steven always liked my thighs and now he was showing them off, even though he wasn't here. But I agreed to follow his lead and lately his ideas were sexually thrilling. I was just wondering what his plan for the weekend was.
Steven: My plan for today was to work Bec up into a frenzy by teasing her, and I was going to do this by text. I had a list of commands worked out for her that would so just that. So, I sent my first text about two hours after I dropped her off.
Our texts back and forth
Hey babe, can you feel the A/C on your pussy this morning? How about those nipples, are they hard and showing through your blouse?"
This isn't fair. Yes, I can feel the air on my pussy and yes, my nipples get hard every time it comes on again, but you know that, this was your plan.
This is just the beginning of my plan sexy. I'll be picking you up for lunch and when I do, not one button on your blouse will be fastened or I'll cut them all off for your afternoon.
You're mean, but I'm wet as hell. I'll meet you for lunch with my blouse undone. Anything else you want me to do?"
In about a half an hour I'll send another text.
I know I agreed, but I think I'm going to regret this.
"No, you won't, you'll get wetter than ever before at work. And No Playing with yourself in the bathroom, got it?
Yes Sir
Rebecca: I didn't know what he was planning but I already felt naughty and slutty, and that normally drives me into sex somewhere I shouldn't, and he wasn't here anyway to relieve my stress. It appears this newfound voyeurism also includes taunting me. I need a way to turn the tables.
Our next text stream
Sitting at your desk in your cubicle, I want you to take a picture up your skirt so I can see how wet you are.
"Yes, but I'll need time to make sure I don't get caught."
"You've have ten minutes."
"OK, OK."
Rebecca: This is where I get to turn the tide and make him horny. I unbuttoned my blouse under my jacket and walked into the hall outside near the elevators. When the time was right, I pulled up my skirt to my waist, opened my jacket and blouse and took two pics with my selfie stick. Then I went back to my desk and when the coast was clear I put my skirt at my waist and took two pics on my pussy sitting at my desk, then quickly covered up. I sent the sitting photo first, followed by the one next to the elevators a minute afterwards.
Our next text streams
Well, you've gone from horny girl to slut in no time at all. Being a bad girl, you need to be punished. There fore you won't be wearing your blouse over lunch, just you jacket and skirt. And remember, bad girls don't get fucked when they want, they get fucked all the time. Have a good rest of the morning.
Steven: So, she thought she would out tease me, not this weekend. She knows I will keep raising the bar so let's see how far she wants to push it. I may have a hard on but she's making a wet spot on her skirt that everyone will see.
"Rebecca: Punishment, he's never punished me before. Was that just a threat or does he really mean it? Is my man brushing up against BDSM play without knowing it. What did he mean by getting fucked all the time? With his new fertile imagination, how far should I push him? I didn't answer anymore, just going to wait and see where this goes.
More texts
It's almost noon. I'll pick you up in front of your building wearing your jacket and skirt only. Disobey my commands and you'll work the entire afternoon nude.
Yes sir.
Rebecca: Now they are commands and I'm to Obey? I have weird feelings about this. Although I should take offense, it doesn't bother me that much. But the idea of being his and having to do whatever he wishes kind of turns me on. I agreed for this weekend so let's see where he goes and how far.
"Steven: I'm on my way to pick up my Bec. I got a bit authoritative with her just to see what she'd do. I can't get this thought out of my mind, and it's driving me nuts. Wouldn't it be fabulous to have complete control over a woman that doesn't mind being naked where someone might see her? The fun I could have with that set up, but let's just see how she responds to today and that will dictate my weekend plans. I pulled up and texted here that I was out front. Withing a minute, she came out dressed exactly as I told her.
"Hello Babe, what's up for lunch?"
"Just sit back and see, but first unbutton that jacket before you put your seatbelt on."
"You want my tits in the wind?"
"Keep asking questions and your entire body will be in the wind."
OK, my tits are free, and I'm belted in, now get going before one of my coworkers see me."
Rebecca: How did we get from being naked at night in dark secluded spaces to me sitting 3/4's naked in the middle of the day, riding down the street. I was bewildered about what got into Steven, but it made me so wet, I didn't want to challenge it. I am an exhibitionist at heart, and I love risky sex, so as long as we don't get arrested, I'm good with it.
Steven: There she was with little influence almost naked riding down the street next to me. Her breasts looked so good standing straight out and her nipples as hard as diamonds. Now to push her to the next level and see if she objects. I drove to a side of town we don't normally go to and pulled into a Fast-food parking lot and just stopped the car.
"Why did you stop?"
"Skirt around your waist and jacket pulled open to the sides, then put your belt back on."
"Why, what do you have planned?"
"We're going to show the kid in the drive through window what a gorgeous woman really looks like, pussy and all."
"Are you serious?"
"100% serious now get that skirt up."
"Well, if you say so."
Rebecca: I did what I was told and there I was going through a drive through with both my tits on full display and my pussy peeking out between my legs, and I could feel the wetness. Then he gave me more instructions.
"Spread your legs and smile happily at the kid in the window, it's time for someone other than me to see that body of yours."
"You're driving me crazy; I need to get fucked and soon."
"You'll get your wish, but not before I'm done."
Rebecca: So again, I did what I was told and when it came our turn at the window I smiled, flicked my hair, and acted like nothing was wrong. That boy's eyes nearly fell out of his head looking at my tits and pussy, and I enjoyed every single minute of it. Steven had tapped into a part of me and pushed me further than I would have gone on my own. Even in my sluttier days, I never thought of doing something like this. After we pulled through with our food, I put my hand on the seatbelt buckle to fix my clothes.
"No, you stay that way, that's the way you're going to ride all weekend. And keep your hand away from your pussy, no playing with yourself. You get to cum when I make you cum and not before."
"Oh, fuck Steven if you keep this up, I'm going to cum just sitting here.
"If you do, you will be punished, and I don't think you'll enjoy that."
Steven: Well, she did as I told her and she really enjoyed that kid staring at her tits and her pussy, and to be truthful I enjoyed it very much also. This sexy young woman exposing herself and doing so at my will just made me horny as hell. Now I was driving to a park for us to sit and eat with her displaying every sexual part of her body except for her ass, and that will only be because she will be sitting on it. Now to see what happens when we get to the park.
"We're eating at the park?"
"Yes, eating and other things."
"But it's broad daylight. Aren't you afraid of someone seeing me?"
"You mean like that fast food kid that molested your body with his eyes?"
"I don't know what got into you, but so far, I'm enjoying the hell out of this, but I really need to cum."
"Not yet."
"Oh God damn."
"Now, you're going to get out of the car, pull your skirt down but not button your jacket. If you need to close it, just one hand holding it shut or I'll take it from you. Do you understand me Bec?"
"Yes, I understand."
Rebecca: Again, I just gave into his will not even questioning his commands. I got out, straightened my skirt, and held my jacket together with one hand and followed him to a picnic table where he instructed me further.
"Now get in position to sit down, pull your skirt up and sit, then pull the back down to cover your ass from anyone seeing it. You will sit with your jacket hanging open and your legs spread as far as you can."
Steven: Again, she followed my instructions to the letter. There was no one next to us but there were lunch goers around us, and she was on full display to me in the middle of the day. Was she going to do everything I told her to this weekend? Could this be the start of a new lifestyle for us? This noontime outing was just a test to set up the rest of the weekend, but it was turning out so much better than I hoped, and it seemed the hornier she got, the more pliable she became.
"Here's your burger and your drink, eat fast as we don't have much time."
"I am expected to eat nearly naked in a public park in the middle of the day."
"You can do it as you are, or I could just take the rest of your clothes and you can eat totally naked. Which do you prefer?"
Steven: She complied and started eating. Halfway through I told her to lift her ass off the bench and I slid a small vibrating pad with a dildo beneath her and told her to sit back down and finish eating. I turned the remote on and she jumped due to the vibration setting I had it on.
"That's only set at setting four and you're going to get up to ten without Cumming."
"Oh Shit, that feels so good on my pussy and clit."
Rebecca: He methodically went from four to five, letting me experience each setting and racking my body with sexual impulses. By the time he got to eight I was in torment and was losing control no matter how hard I tried to hold back my waiting orgasm. When he hit nine, I was starting to lose my mind, dripping my food on my chest and my body shaking so bad I couldn't pick up my drink. I had never been in this state of torture, being brought right up to the edge of orgasm, and not allowed to release and when he went up to ten, I felt like my mind left me for a few moments until he turned it off.
"Fuck Steven, let me cum."
"Not yet. Do you see everybody leaving?"
"I'm having problems seeing right now, but why should I care?"
"Get up, walk to the end of the table, spread your legs and put your hands palms down on the table and then don't move."
"Fuck Steven, I need to cum or I'll go insane."
"Do what I told you."
Steven: As she got up, I pulled her jacket from her, and in her state she didn't care at all. She got into position and her body was shaking and quivering and she was almost in tears. I got up and walked behind her, pulling my chisel hard cock out of my pants. Pulling her skirt all the way up to her waist I lined up behind her and shoved my cock in her pussy without gentleness or ceremony, just shoved it in her to fuck her like a wild animal. Stroke after stroke she convulsed and made guttural noises as I sawed in and out of her trembling body.
"You wanted to cum, well here is you chance. Take a good fucking and you can cum anytime you want."
Rebecca: At this point I couldn't speak or be coherent, my body started its orgasm as soon as he entered me, and it just kept going. Stroke after stroke, brought more orgasms until I was in a constant state of sexual confusion and bliss. When I felt him spray his cum inside of me, I came so hard I collapsed onto the table, my breasts the only thing to cushion my fall. Now laying on the picnic table wearing nothing but heels and my skirt as a belt I heard clicking sounds, but I didn't put it together in my mind. Next, I felt something cold on my ass and then the plug he shoved in me. He turned me over still laying back on the table and more clicking sounds came to my ears. He was taking pictures of my well fucked and racked body, but he had one more surprise for me. He inserted a large plug in my pussy trapping what cum hadn't run out inside of me.
"Now, get your jacket or you will be late getting back to work. And that cum inside of you, you are to carry that until you get home tonight, and that cum running down your thigh, you are to wear that. Now, let's get going."
"Rebecca: I was so worn out I had problems walking in my heels, and he wasn't helping me so I did the best I could to pull my skirt back down and put on my jacket. I walked to the car with it totally open and didn't care to look if anyone saw me. I buttoned it at the car, got in and fastened my belt, and drifted on to what I now call "Well Fucked Land".
Steven: She got in the car and went somewhere in her mind, not passed out but not totally aware either, just inside of herself somewhere.
"Bec, where is your blouse?"
"What?"
"Where did you leave your blouse?"
"I don't remember?"
"I'm taking you home and I'll call both of our jobs and explain you got sick."
"Yeah, whatever."
Steven: She was so far out of it I couldn't drop her back at work, so I took her home and helped her into bed. I called her job and said she ate something bad at lunch and that she would not be back in for the day. I stripped her clothes off her and covered her with a sheet, but not before taking more pictures first. Talk about a well fucked woman, she was drained, exhausted from her orgasm, and it made me horny all over again. I crawled on the bed next to her and whispered in her ear.
"Bec, are you alright?"
"Yeah..."
"I'm horny, I want to fuck your ass."
"Go...ahead."
"Are you sure?"
"If you want to fuck me, then fuck me, but stop talking."
Steven: This was new territory for me as I had never fucked her while asleep or passed out, alright once maybe in college, but this was different. I pulled her anal plug and lubed her opening outside and in and she moaned pleasurable moans. I lubed myself up and lined up at her back door while she lay flat on the bed with her legs splayed wide. It didn't take long before she started talking to me but in ways that were not normal for us.
"Yes, fuck my asshole baby. Give me everything you got, just keep pumping that cock inside of me."
"You want to be pumped in your ass, well here you get your wish."
"Go for it baby, fuck me any way you like, just keep fucking me."
Steven: I was now drilling her hard and I felt her body start trembling again, just like at the park. I didn't think this was possible, but it seemed she never quite came down from her last orgasm and she picked up on it quickly. She started to squeal and huff into her pillow, and I got even more into it, pounding my cock in her as hard as I could. Her body tightened and went straight, and she started Cumming again but I wasn't there yet, so I kept it up. She rode that orgasm for another thirty seconds clamping down on my cock the entire time which brought me to my orgasm flooding her bowels with my sperm. I Just laid on top of her when I finished but she was passed out again so when I pulled out, I replaced my cock with the anal plug and laid down beside her and we both fell into a blissful nap.