DISCLAIMER: This is a work of fiction. All characters are over 18 and none of the events described are real. It is not the intention of the author to condone or encourage incestuous activity, this is a work of erotic fiction and should be seen as such. It contains scenes of an explicit sexual nature including incest so if you find such material offensive please do not read any further.
It was a warm summer day. Dad was at work and mom was playing tennis with her girlfriends which meant they would both be gone for most of the day. I was hanging out around house taking care of a bunch of chores that I had been long neglected. I spent most the morning mowing the lawn and doing yard work.
When I finished, I was hot and sweaty. I thought I would throw my dirty clothes in the washer and then take a shower. While I was in the laundry room, and since I was home alone, I stripped off all my clothes and threw them in the washing machine. It seemed like a waste to run a load of laundry with so few items, so I started going through the clothes hamper to see what else I could add to the wash.
To my surprise, I found several pairs of my mother's soiled panties in the pile of dirty clothes. "Wow!" I thought to myself as I began to feel that little ember of excitement begin to glow. I know it sounds weird, but this wasn't the first time I had gotten excited over my mother's soiled panties. On several occasions I had snuck off to my room to sniff, taste, jack off and even try them on. I quickly pulled on one pair as I brought a fistful of others up to my face to sniff and salivate over.
"Ahem," I heard behind me.
I pivoted around, and there, just a few feet away, was my mother! She stood looking at me with a confused and shocked look on her face.
I froze, still holding a handful of her dirty knickers up to my nose and a huge boner stretching out the front of the cotton panties I was wearing. I knew that this was a sight that would probably be burned into Mom's memory forever.
"Having fun?" Mom asked, blushing and trying not to smirk too much.
I was embarrassed and humiliated. I had nowhere to go and nothing to cover myself with. Lowering my fistful of her dirty underwear, I just stood turning beet red.
"I...I...ah...ahh..." I tried to say something, but nothing came out. I was caught red handed. I didn't know if Mom was going to laugh or cry. I just stood there for what seemed like forever waiting for the other shoe to fall.
"Just relax Honey. Take a breath. Everything is okay." Mom quietly reassured me.
I leaned back and braced myself against the washing machine. I was too ashamed to look her in the eye. Needless to say, the massive boner I had been sporting just moments before was now a withered after thought.
"Not that I have a problem with it, but I wasn't aware of your fascination with my wardrobe items. Has this been going on for long?" Mom asked.
I felt like a six year old who just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, only worse...much worse. "For a while, I guess." I muttered. I still couldn't look at her.
Mom came up to me, resting her hands on my shoulders. "Look Donnie, as far as I'm concerned, if you want, you can play with my panties or wear them all you want. But, I suggest you not let your father find out about this little proclivity of yours, he won't be quite as understanding."
I looked up at her in shock. "Really!?! I mean you don't mind?."
"Of course not. I think you looked pretty cute sporting my undies! I could easily look at you all day in that outfit!" Mom said with a reassuring smile. "Feel free too dig through my drawers and pick out whatever you want any time."
"Well Mom, to be perfectly honest, I'd prefer to go through the dirty clothes hamper...you know..."
"Oh...okay...I think I see..." Mom said. "...I'll tell you what, how about if I slip the panties I've worn all day under your pillow at night instead of into the hamper? That way you can do whatever it is you do with them whenever you want. Will that work?"
"Geez Mom, I never thought you would be so understanding. Sure!" I said in amazement.
"Oh honey, don't think twice about it. When I have 'me time,' you'd be surprised how I like to relax sometimes. But I do have one condition, you have to launder my undies when you're done and put them back in my panty drawer. I don't want to get dressed in the morning to find my undies are all crusty and cum stained." Mom instructed.
"Don't worry mom, I'll take care of it."
After that, Mom and I took every opportunity to spend our together time fulfilling our alter egos. Three or four times a week, when I went to bed at night, I would find one of her soiled panties neatly folded under my pillow. They were usually plain white cotton briefs, but occasionally I'd find lace, satin or silk garments too. I loved to sniff and inhale their heady, musky, aroma while I stroked and massaged my cock. Occasionally, they were so juicy, I was certain Mom had masturbated in them beforehand. The next morning, after cleaning up, I would get dressed, wearing the panties I fondled the night before.
I would wear her panties all day long. When at home, mom's panties were the only thing I would have on. Dad was never home, so there was little to no chance of his ever catching me. He was a dyed in the wool workaholic. If he wasn't at the office he would usually be on a business trip somewhere.
I wasn't the only one who was living out their inner fantasies. When we spent the day together, Mom too enjoyed wearing sexy revealing outfits and negligees. They were often very sheer and revealing. Mom was very adept at knowing just how to display her still youthful, buxom, hour glass figure in a sensual and yet classy way. We were constantly sneaking peeks at one another, but we never actually touched or had any sexual contact. Teasing each other to distraction just seemed to be part of our little game.
One afternoon Mom came home after a day of shopping and ushered me into her bedroom. She sat me down on her bed as she showed me her new purchases.
"Look at what I found on sale!" She gushed. She was so excited as she held up several pairs of her newly acquired panties and sets of lingerie.
"Mom! These red silk panties are crotchless!" I exclaimed.
"I KNOW!!! Aren't they just terribly naughty!?! I can't wait for us to try them on!"
"I'm starting to feel like the daughter you never had." I joked.
"Ha ha." Mom answered. "Go ahead. Put them on! Let me see!"
"You first. You know I like to wear your stuff after you've warmed them up."
"Okay, fine! You go change into these anyway while I try on the red ones." She instructed as she handed me a pair of pink satin undies. I bolted out of her room to change.
I stood just outside her bedroom door, in the hallway, stripped off of my clothes and pulled on the new pair of panties. I rushed straight back into mom's room without even bothering to knock.
PMom was bent over still adjusting the crotchless panties and hadn't yet put on the matching bra. Her thick brown hairy bush was clearly visible and sticking out through the crotchless gap. Her D-cup wobbly breasts were hanging down, swinging back and forth with her slightest move. As she stood up, she instinctively raised her arms to cover herself, but then just shrugged and dropped them.
The sight of her gave me an instant boner. "God Mom, you look so incredibly H-O-T!!" I exclaimed.
"Thank you, and yes, I could see that you like this look by your bulging reaction," she said motioning towards my crotch, "and yes, you look very fetching yourself. That color really suits you. Okay, now it's your turn, let's switch." Mom said.
This time she did not wait for me to leave the room or even turn around. She just bent down, slipped off her panties, and kicked them towards me.
Without waiting, I pulled mine off as well.
After we traded I had to take a minute to try and figure out how these crotchless panties were worn. Mom saw me fumbling around and came over to show me how to get them on. She was very hands on and insisted on helping me work my cock and scrotum out through the crotchless gap.
"Whose the sexy one now?" Mom asked with a grin.
"Yeah, I really like these!" I said. "I like the freedom!"
"Mmmm, me too." Mom said licking her lips. "Those REALLY make you stand out! I think I may have to go back and buy more of those...one in every color!"
"I like these too, but if I wear them around the house I'll probably end up dribbling all over the place." I lamented.
Mom sat down on the edge of her bed. "Hmmm, that could be a problem. Come over here and let's see what we can do about that."
I stepped towards her. Mom reached out and wrapped her hands around my butt cheeks, pulling me in close. Then she held my cock and rubbed the head of my dick all over her ample breasts. My precum left what looked like snail tracks all over her chest, throat and under her chin. "Hmmm, I don't know, I don't think this will be much of an issue." She then leaned forward and kissed the tip of my cock.
"So sweet," Mom whispered while licking her lips. "and savory too!" She added with a wink.
Then, and totally unexpectedly, Mom kissed the tip of my penis again and seamlessly sucked the entire head of my cock into her mouth. I could feel her tongue slowly swirl around my glans as she rolled her eyes to look up at me.
"Mmmm, I haven't had a hard penis in my mouth in ages. Thank you for letting me do that." She said.
I was shocked. "Mom!?! Did you really just do that?!?"
"Didn't you like it?" She asked.
"Yeah, of course I liked it, it felt good...terrific in fact. It's just...it's just that I didn't expect you of all people to do that! That's all."
"I've been fantasizing about doing that ever since I first saw you wearing my panties that day in the laundry room." Mom explained.
"What about Dad?" I asked.
"What about him? I don't think he even cares anymore. For one thing, he's never here! He's always traveling or at work! For another, he hasn't had a decent erection in fifteen years! You know, sometimes a girl just needs something hard up inside her!" Mom vented. "If I was ten years younger...well...I'm not sure what I'd do." She started to cry.
I sat down on the bed and tried my best to console her. I wrapped my arms around her as she rested her head underneath my chin. "Brother!" I thought to myself, we must be quite the sight sitting here together, mom practically naked and me with my cock sticking out of these crotchless panties.
"It's okay Mom, you know I'll always be here for you." I whispered.
"Do you mean that?" She asked.
"Of course! I'll always support you. You know that. You can count on me anytime for anything. Now let's dry those tears."
As she wiped her tears away she said, "I feel like a fool and I must look a mess!"
"You should talk! Look at me! I'm sitting here wearing women's crotchless underwear with my dick hanging out. Now who looks ridiculous?!?" We both laughed.
We got dressed and went out to dinner at the most expensive restaurant in town. Mom was wearing a VERY revealing black cocktail dress. Just looking at her made me feel like a million bucks. As we were ushered to our table, we could feel every eye in the place watching mom go by. They seated us in a secluded booth towards the rear of the restaurant. We sipped cocktails and shared a bottle of champaign along with our meal. It was a very pleasant evening. By the time we finished eating, we were both a little tipsy and had to hold on to each other as we guided ourselves back to the car.
On the drive home, mom was laughing, joking and she kept trying to feel me up.
"Mom, PLEASE! I'm trying to drive!" I insisted.
"Is it hard for you to drive with that stiffy in your pants?" She giggled.
"I just don't want to get pulled over, that's all." I explained.
"No, I think you're having a hard time steering with that big, fat erection getting in your way!" She giggled.
"You're drunk." I said.
"Drunk and horny! That's me!" She laughed as she leaned over trying to unzip my trousers.
We were almost home, so I didn't try to stop her because I really was afraid of the police pulling us over, so I kept both hands on the steering wheel. By the time I pulled into our driveway, mom had my cock out of my pants and was furiously pumping me.
"Mom, can we go inside?" I asked.
"Stop being such a stick in the mud and just do what your mother tells you! Now lay your seat back and relax." Mom instructed as she began to expertly swallow the length and girth of my swollen cock. I rested my hand on the back of her head as bobbed up and down on my lap.
The still summer air in front of our house was filled with the occasional gagging and slurping sounds of my mother sucking my dick.
"Oooooohhhh yeeesssssaaaaaaahhhhhhYEAH...YEAH...Yesss...YESSS!!! I moaned and then loudly grunted as I came, flooding my mother's mouth with gobs and gobs of cum and listening to her as she choked it all down.
After collecting herself, mom sat up looking at me. Her mascara was smudged and a little runny and cum was still dribbling down her chin. Then she gave me a deep kiss. I had never been kissed by anyone whose tongue was coated with sperm, but found it incredibly erotic.
"I think this just might be the best date I've ever been on!" I said.
"I'm enjoying it too, and never say your mother doesn't know how to show her appreciation for a pleasant night out!" Mom laughed.
When we got back inside the house, before I could even shut the front door, Mom turned and kissed me again. I had never seen her like this. She was so horny she couldn't contain herself. She then stepped back, unfastened the hook of her halter topped dress and let it fall to the floor.
"Mom! You're stark naked! You don't have anything on under that dress...nothing at all!" I said totally surprised.
"You're very observant." Mom retorted, "Now it's your turn to get naked!" She announced as she worked at unbuckling my belt.
Within seconds I was naked too.
"Baby I need you inside me NOW! Please! Just fuck me! Forget I'm your mother and just fuck me! Fuck me!" Mom pleaded as she dropped to the floor, pulling me down with her. She was manic with lust.
I wasn't convinced that I could perform so soon after what had just happened in the car. But, thanks to my youthful vigor and mom's over the top skills of persuasion, I was ready to go.
She laid on her back with her legs spread. I positioned myself on the floor as she guided me up inside her. She felt warm and juicy and wet and silky smooth as my thick cock slid deep up inside her. We were like a well oiled machine once we got our bodies in sync. It was like magic!
Mom was squirming and bucking like a wild mustang! "YES!...THAT'S IT!...OH GOD THAT FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD!...YES!...STICK THAT FAT COCK UP INSIDE ME!....Aaaahhhhhmmmmm" She moaned.
Mom dug her fingers into my back and repeatedly thrust her pelvis up to meet me. I drove my cock into her as hard and fast as I could. Sweat was dripping off me as we hammered away at each other. I looked down and her boobs were rippling and bouncing in response to each of our wild thrusts.
"That's it! Ooohhh YEESS, THAT'S IT...YESS! THAT'S IT!! HARDER...FASTER...HAAARRRDER!!! AAAHHHHHHmmmmmmmaahhhh" She screamed and moaned and screamed some more.
We both came together. I collapsed on top of her feeling my erection slowly subside and my cum start to leak out onto the floor. I rolled off my mom onto my back.
"I'm spent." I said.
"Me too." Mom quietly agreed.
"What do you want to do now?" I asked.
"Close the front door." Mom suggested.
+++++
Thank you for reading my story. I've been trying to decide which direction(s) follow-on chapters might take and would appreciate any suggestions in the comments. I think it might be fun to weave your suggestions or fantasies into future chapters.
Your votes & comments are appreciated. Cheers!