-If cuckolding and cheating are not your preferred topics, please be forewarned.
Lottie scrambled to compose herself, then immediately dialled Olivia's number. They had been close friends since secondary school, and she desperately needed her friend right now. "Liv! I need you. I'll be home at 2 o'clock. Harry will be out with Adam. Please!"
"Yes, yes, take a deep breath," Liv responded in panic for Lottie. "I can come to work and get you if you need me."
"No," Lottie took a few calming breaths, "It's okay, but I really need you."
"Alright, well, I'm free all day. I will grab a bottle of wine and meet you at 2," Liv said confidently, prepared to be the rock that Lottie needed.
"Thank you, Liv. I'll explain later. I messed up big time. I have got to go. I'll message you on my way home."
"I'll be ready," Liv hung up the phone and wondered what her friend had done that was so wrong. The phone call she'd just received was unlike any she could remember in recent memory."What the fuck could she have done?" Speaking to herself.
As the clock struck eleven o'clock, Lottie noted, only two hours left. She'd stayed in her cramped office, pushing herself hard since that event, diligently working through her backlog of tasks. Just as she looked to her window, wanting to escape, a chat window from her colleague Harry popped up. He asked: "Are you free?"
Lottie nervously typed out her reply, "Yeah, of course! I'm free. Come by. Are you leaving soon?". She questioned herself immediately. It was too much. Was she too eager and quick to respond? How could she talk to her husband after what she'd just given over to Charlie? She couldn't tell him now, not at work. But no more. She could hardly cope with the last 2 hours. They needed to talk this through properly if he'd let her. She would not lose Harry.
"Hey, you okay?" Harry's voice broke her train of thought.
"Yeah, yeah, come in," Lottie managed to get out, her voice shaking slightly.
Harry came round to her, pulling her into his side reassuringly. "Mhm, I'm looking forward to it," he said excitedly. "It's always a good night with Adam." Pulling away from Lottie, he took a seat and relaxed, "I'm even more excited to hear about how much you teased Charlie."
"Oh, it was nothing, I promise..." Lottie's voice trailed off as she struggled to think of anything to say to him, guilt burning through her.
"You've got to stay up," Harry said with a smirk, "just take a nap; I won't be too late. I want a repeat of last night."
"Okay," she mumbled hesitantly, her stomach in knots as dread slowly filled the room. She wanted to apologise and make things right with Harry. But part of her knew she had gone too far, and there was no chance of salvaging their relationship after her revelations. She didn't know if she would be forgiven, but all she could do was try. Fear crept in as she contemplated what would happen if Harry left her, and the burden of living with this mistake for the rest of her life came into focus.
"Hey, Harry and Lottie, how's it going?" Adam interjected, his voice shaking her out of her thoughts.
"You're early," Lottie said, her tone frosty.
"Oh wow, someone's in a bad mood. What did Harry do now to get you so mad?"
"Shut up," she spat out, feeling guilty for taking her frustration out on Adam.
"Chill out, guys. Let's not spoil the atmosphere, okay? I was just about to say that we were leaving earlier than expected - is that okay with you?"
"Yeah, sure, I'll be waiting tonight."
"Don't worry. I won't bring him back too late. I can see you need to let some steam out," Adam teased.
---
"So, what's up with Lottie?" Adam asked as they arrived at their usual first stop.
Harry settled into his chair. Adam was his best mate but also not the person he wanted to tell that he was getting off on flaunting his wife off at work.
"It's nothing, just something we've been trying," Harry said as he took a gulp of his pint. Then, wanting to change the subject and with enthusiasm in his voice, he added, "Forget that! It's your last night out here for a while - let's make it memorable!"
The conversation quickly returned to lighter topics as Harry and Adam spent the next few hours laughing, joking and talking about all manner of things. Time flew by, and soon the sun had set, and they had gone through five pint's each already.
As they walked into the unfamiliar bar, Adam was keen to draw out the details of the new venture Harry and Lottie had been "trying" with. It wasn't like Harry to keep secrets from him, and Adam was worried that Lottie's pressure would eventually push Harry away from him.
"Ahh, I don't think I'm getting any luck tonight, buddy. I'll get my share when I'm away, but what's happening with you?" Adam inquired in a curious voice. "You two having problems? I just want to help."
Harry chuckled at the suggestion of assistance, though he knew it was well-meaning.
"I guess Lottie's been trying out some new looks at work, getting attention from the guys," Harry admitted.
"Really? That kind of thing? I noticed her...well..."
"Her tits? Yeah, that blouse didn't leave much to the imagination, did it..."
"Hey man, do whatever you want; just be careful who she does it around - though I'm not sure why you'd want any guy seeing her like that, for that matter. You like what you like, I guess," said Adam.
"Oh, I don't even know. Our sex life has always been really good and... I'm so lucky to have a woman like her. I mean, I'm not exactly the most desirable guy out there, but she chose me. And since we started this whole thing, our sex life has skyrocketed. She's practically begging for it lately. It's only been two days, but they were amazing."
"A trophy wife," quipped Adam.
"Yeah," Harry agreed with a laugh. "But it's working, I think,"
"Yeah, she just seemed really mad earlier?" Adam asked with concern.
"Well... She had a meeting with one of the guys she's been trying to impress," Harry answered, his voice thick in shame. "Yesterday, he'd grabbed her thigh at work in front of me and then today, I opened up her top while he was out of the room, then left them alone in the meeting."
Harry sighed heavily, then added, "Fuck, I don't know. We ended up fucking last night, and it was so good. I don't think I can remember her ever cumming like that with me. And I don't think I want to stop. It's just sooo fucking good, and I want to see where it goes."
Adam groaned and slid Harry's beer away from him. "You're not seriously thinking about sharing her, are you? Now I'm starting to think maybe we've had too much to drink," he said.
"No, no, nothing like that, I think... ahh, I don't know. I just know she was so turned on. I think she was mad today because I'd shown her off." Harry said as he swiped his pint back, finishing it off, "I think she loves it like I do. I think she's just concerned with... Well, like you said, what sane husband would strip his wife for another man that had already had his hands on her."
Adam shook his head, "You two are so weird... but if it's working for you, I guess there's not much I can say. Just be careful, don't let it get out of hand."
Harry just smiled and nodded in agreement as he downed the last of the beer and signalled to the bartender for another round. Adam just rolled his eyes before taking a sip from his own glass and looking around the room worriedly. He could see Harry was already getting drunk and wanted to ensure he'd keep an eye on him tonight, despite their joking banter. They were friends, after all.
---
Lottie arrived home, checking the time on her phone. It was 1:45, and she had managed to go the rest of the day at work without incident, sending both Ron and Charlie home early.
As soon as she changed into a soft pair of sweatpants and a cosy hoodie, the door opened. "Lottie!"
"Coming!" she called, jogging down the stairs to see Olivia pouring two glasses of wine in the kitchen.
"It's too early," Lottie said, but Olivia only smiled.
"Most definitely not too early," Liv replied before placing the bottle back down and approaching Lottie. She pulled her close, and Lottie instantly broke down in tears.
Sitting on the sofa, Lottie described the events of the last few days, the games they'd played, the sex she'd had with Harry, her indiscretions with Charlie, every detail. Olivia didn't know where to start.
"Wow, that's not what I expected."
"I'm a stupid slut is what you want to say, right?"
She was pulling Lottie close, comforting her. "Don't ever say that!" she said, chuckling at Lottie's choice of words.
"Look... You messed up... But. But Harry put you there. You told Harry that Charlie had grabbed your thigh with him in the room? And he still wanted to continue. He still wanted to strip you for Charlie at work?"
"yeah... but there's a big difference between showing off a bit and me Betraying our marriage two days in a row." Despair in Lottie's voice.
"I think Harry is going to surprise you."
"What are you on about?" Lottie said, shaking her head, "He's only going to surprise me by not kicking me out on my ass tomorrow morning."
"He won't." Olivia took a deep breath and continued, "I think he will actually enjoy it when he finds out...and I think it might make him like you even more."
Lottie looked at her in shock, "Are you serious?"
Olivia nodded her head and continued to explain, "Yes - I think he might be... hmm, I think he's a cuck. Some men get off on their partners fucking other people, especially if they can watch or hear about it afterwards. It's a really powerful fantasy for some people..." Liv trailed off as Lottie slowly processed what she said.
"No, Harry wouldn't ever want that. He loves me. And I've betrayed that."
"I don't think you have. I think he really does get off on the idea of you being with someone else. And if he's not admitting it to himself right now, that doesn't mean it isn't true. Tell him when he gets home from his night out - even if he's a little drunk, he will be more open than usual. I promise."
"I'm not using him being drunk to get out of this."
Liv sighed. "Well, if you think he's going to divorce you anyway, use it for another night of sex you won't forget,"
Lottie felt a strange mix of hope and fear as she thought about finally telling Harry everything. On the one hand, it was possible that he might forgive her - but on the other hand, she knew that even if he did, things would never be the same again. She took a deep breath, steeling herself for the worst yet to come.
"Let's just take a break - the next few days are going to be extremely demanding, and you'll feel all sorts of emotions," Liv said.
"Yeah, thank you - I don't know what I'd do without you," Lottie replied.
Liv smiled and nodded. "I'm aware," she said, which finally made Lottie crack a grin.
---
Harry and Adam made it home, half an hour's taxi back to his. It would be at least an hour for Adam to return to his now, "Just stay. I don't care. And Lottie won't either. She only gets annoyed with you, cause you to take me away from her." Harry laughed but quickly felt himself close to throwing up.
"Honey!" Harry exclaimed, making his way over to give Lottie an embrace.
"Come on, you," Lottie said as she pulled him towards the couch, and he plopped down. "Can you get him a glass of water, Adam?"
"Sure thing."
"What happened that put you in this state?" Lottie inquired as she tried to hold him at bay.
"You're so beautiful, baby," Harry murmured while trying to tug her hoodie off.
"Stop, Adam is still here," Lottie brushed his hand away again.
"Um, yeah -Harry said I could stay in the spare room for the night. It'll be another hour to get home, and it's already late. Do you mind?"
"Oh no, no, sure, it's fine," Silently cursing to herself, she wanted to speak to Harry. She knew she couldn't anyway with him in this state, but now she'd also have to wait for Adam to leave in the morning.
Interrupting, Harry yelled out, "Oh, you're so hot, baby. Let me get them out."
"Harry, not now," Lotty exclaimed while batting away Harry's prying hands.
"Look, I'll get a taxi. It's fine," Adam said, trying to escape this awkward situation.
"Nooo no, stay Adam," Harry slurring his name, "Isn't she just incredible?"
"Stop," Lottie whispered to him. Was Liv right, was her husband really a cuckold?
"You're one lucky guy Harry. Don't take it for granted!" Adam said as he searched his phone for another taxi.
Taking a deep breath, she finally spoke: "Stay, Harry... We'd both like you to stay." No sooner had the words come out than Lottie's hoodie was removed from her shoulders to reveal her perky breasts encased in a revealing bra.
Harry gasped in awe and pounced on her with enthusiasm. His hands were everywhere as his lips tasted her neck hungrily. Moving downward, he slipped his hand inside her sweatpants and found what he was looking for under her panties. His rough touch teased her until she moaned uncontrollably with pleasure and desire.
Adam watched as his best friend mauled at his wife's tits clumsily. He'd never been jealous of Harry getting Lottie, he was happy for him, but wow, she was a beauty.
Harry's voice was thick with desire as he propositioned Lottie. "Strip for us, baby."
Adam's protest abruptly cut off Lottie's shock at such a suggestion. "Woah, Harry, that's a bit far! I think I'll go up to my room," he said, moving towards the stairs. But then, something inexplicably stopped him in his tracks.
"Stay," Lottie whispered, her eyes locked on his. She traced a finger down Harry's chest, feeling the bulge of excitement within his pants. His reaction confirmed her suspicions; this was going to be fun. "Don't you want to see me?" she continued teasingly with a mischievous grin. Liv had been right all along.
Lottie felt all eyes on her as she rose from the sofa, and with a single command from her lips--"Take the armchair"--she stepped away and saw two men burning with searing desire for her. Her heart raced in anticipation, split between the magnetic pull of their gazes. She shivered as an electric current ran through her veins, feeling like she could burst into flames at any moment.
"She's a special one, Harry,"
Turning her back to Harry, She dropped to his lap, pushing her ass hard into his crotch. Feeling his cock, rock hard, desperate to be released.
"You really want your best friend to see me, baby?" Lottie let out in a low voice. She wanted this. She knew it now, but only if Harry was willing to play as well.
"It's right there. You want Adam to see me, your best friend getting to see my tits, baby?"
His cock strained against his jeans, begging to be set free, Lottie's words only making it harder, he reached up and unclasped her bra, letting it fall before them both, and he watched Adam's mouth, a slight smirk starting to appear. His best friend ogled his wife's tits, "Fuck, you're incredible," Harry let out a groan,"
Adam stayed silent. This was a game they wanted to play, he'd enjoy it, but he wasn't going to push them one way or the other. They were going to deal with this themselves.
"I'm the lucky one, Baby. You're letting me show off in front of your best friend. Two handsome men can't take their eyes off me. My husband is letting his best friend gawk at me."
Harry chuckled and leaned in to whisper, "Let him touch you. Give that lucky bastard what he wants."
"Fuck Harry, you really want this?"
"Do it. Do it for us."
She nodded in agreement and walked over to Adam, standing directly in front of him with her hands on her hips, her breasts jiggling ever so slightly as she moved.
"Go ahead," she said, trying to keep her voice steady. "You've been given permission."
Adam's hand trembled slightly as it reached out and cupped Lottie's breast, his thumb rubbing softly across the hard nipple, "What the fuck is going on" Adam thought. He didn't want to do this to Harry, But Lottie was out of this world. He couldn't pass the opportunity away.
Harry watched as Adam sat back on his armchair, and Lottie clambered on either side of his legs as he grabbed her tits. Turning her head to Harry, she saw he'd got his cock, out.
"Fuck baby, this is so hot." Lottie hissed out.
"Keep going. I love you." Harry hissed out as he fumbled with his cock beginning to stroke it up and down, desperate to see how far this could go.
Sat in Adam's lap, she could feel his bulge against her sweatpants, "Baby, isn't it fair that Adam can jerk off too?"
"ugh," Harry gulped. What did he want? His brain scrambling for an answer, but he could only think with his cock at that moment, "Yesss," He hissed, "Do it, Adam,"
Without hesitation, Adam pulled his cock out. Dropping his jeans, Lottie lifted her legs to allow them to slide down to the floor. "You sure about this, Harry?" Asking even though he knew it was too late for Harry to say anything.
Harry, from the side, could barely see Adam's cock between their bodies. Adam had one hand on his cock, jerking it by the looks of things and his other hand groping Lottie's tits. Both Lottie and Adam were watching Harry as he pumped his own cock.
"It's so big, Harry..." Lottie whispered in a near-orgasmic tone. "Keep stroking it, Harry." She said as she ran her hands over Adam's shoulders, then his chest. "Match Adams strokes." She was breathing heavily; the sight of Adam pumping that long cock was amazing. Its thickness was mesmerising.
"Fuck, Lottie... This is crazy." Harry kept pumping his cock.
Lottie could see Adam's member getting bigger, pulsating. She wanted to touch it and jerk it off, too. She wanted permission; she could tell harry was enjoying all of this. Adams hands on her, His cock between them. With each stroke of it, the tip would touch her stomach, sending tingles through her, and Harry must have known it was igniting something with her.
Lottie dropped one of her hands from his chest down to his stomach, and then... she touched the tip, looking at Adam, his eyes meeting hers. She wrapped her hand around his tip and then slowly ran it down his length, pushing his hand aside.
"Fuck," Lottie exhaled.
Adam was in wonderland, her soft, delicate hands running along his cock. He'd always thought of her touch but never considered it a plausible reality.
Harry saw her hand drop, fearing she'd really done it. His head told him to scream at her to stop. That they had gone too far. Yet his hand stayed attached to his cock, and then Adam's hand came out from between their bodies, grabbing her ass through her sweatpants, all while Lottie's arm pumped Adam up and down, up and down. He couldn't see it, but from her movements alone, he could tell Adam must have been well-endowed.
"you've one hell of a wife, Harry," Adam said, savouring every moment of her hand on his cock.
Pumping his hand matching Lotties, Harry found himself reaching close to cumming. "Fuck, babe, I'm close."
Quickly lifting off of Adam and jumping on the sofa with Harry, Lottie positioned herself next to him on her hands and knees and grabbed hold of his cock. Jerking it gently up and down while keeping her left hand on his hip to keep balance, Adam came up behind her, pulling her sweatpants and thong in one. He dived straight into her pussy.
Lotties whole body shivered as Adam's tongue worked its way around her clitoris. She felt the intensity of the pleasure between them, Harry watching Adam delving into what was his. Anger flickered in his face then he turned to Lottie as she started pumping harder and faster, calming the anger and replacing it with a hunger for his wife.
"Cum for me, Cum baby, I want it," Lottie growled out between moans as Adam brought her close to her own orgasm.
Feeling his cock tense, Lottie prepared herself to dodge the shots of cum spurting from Harry's cock. Exhausted and still feeling it from the drinks, he sunk down on the sofa, turning his head from his cock to look at Lottie, still hand on his cock but moaning softly, "He's so gooood, Harry."
"Are you... Nearly done?" Harry let out reality sinking in as his Lust drifted away on the come down from his orgasm.
"Don't you want to see her cum, buddy? She close, look at her." Adam spoke confidently. Seeing this might be the end, he wanted one chance to fuck her.
"I do. Ughhh fuck, umm... Make her cum Adam, make her cum." Fear etched across his face, but they'd come this far.
"I'm... Im gonna cum, Don't stop, Don't stop, FUCKKK, Yesssss," Lottie squealed out as Adam's tongue found its way deep inside her, then out, to lavish her clit and repeat. Unable to support herself anymore, she fell flat onto Harry, Fuck.
"Wow." Lottie said as Adam stepped away from the sofa, "That was so good, Adam." Lottie looked up, seeing Adam looking nervous, then to Harry, "Harry, Harry, oh fuck."
Grabbing her sweatpants and pulling them up, she shook Harry, trying to wake him from his sleep.
"He's out," Adam said calmly. "Want me to take him upstairs?"
Grabbing a blanket to cover Harry and lifting his legs onto the sofa so he was led down, "No-no, you won't be able to get him up the stairs. He'll be fine on the sofa."
"Sorry, Adam, do you mind?" Lottie indicated that Adam's cock was still rock hard and bouncing freely in front of her.
"Oh shit, sorry." Scrambling to pull his pants up, frustrated at being blue-balled. "So close," He thought to himself.
"No, umm... I just think he's out now. We can't do anything." Lottie said, not just trying to convince Adam out of continuing but herself as well.
"Yeah, yeah, totally, still. That was amazing. I hope that helps you two get it out of your system."
"Yeah..." She wanted just to jump him and relieve that big cock of his, but...
"Come on, let's both get some sleep. I'll see you tomorrow." Adam said, stepping away from the sofa and towards the stairs, still feeling the arousal that Lottie and Harry had just brought out in him.
Lottie didn't want to leave it like this, but they both knew that anything more would have been too far. Grabbing her bra and hoodie and throwing it on, she followed Adam up the stairs wanting nothing more than to feel his cock once more. But she suppressed those feelings as she walked into her room, closing the door behind her and slumping to the floor.
Liv had been right. That was a relief. Harry clearly enjoyed what was happening, drunk or not. She could see the intensity in his eyes when she started stroking Adam's cock on his lap. She could feel his cock tense and burn as he watched Adam dip his tongue deep into her pussy.
Adam may have taken the initiative to go down on her, but apart from that, he hadn't pushed any matter and let herself and Harry control the events. He respected them both, and what did he get? Nothing. A handjob for a few minutes, was that fair?
Pulling herself to her feet, she'd made a decision. They were all enjoying themselves. Harry wanted this, and she wanted this. They just hadn't told each other. She said, psyching herself up.
Adam pulled his jeans from his ankles and dumped his shirt on the chair. He was sitting on the side of the bed, contemplating how close he'd been to taking Lottie's pussy when the door swung open.