When Carla and I got married, we lived in a small 850 square foot apartment. I worked for the gas company and Carla was a pre school teacher. Carla was 25 and I was 26. Both of us played tennis and were in petty good shape. Carla was 5'7" tall and measured 36-25-38 and had curves in all the right places. She had C size breasts and a beautiful face with dark hair. I am 6' tall and weighed 180 pounds. I had a swimmers body. We were perfect together. Our love life was great, and Carla was usually game for anything that I might dream up.
Eventually we saved enough for a down payment and moved into our own home of a nice tree lined street in Sterling, Indiana. Most of the people were our age or a few years older and several had small children. We both made a decent living and were planning to start our family next year after we spent some time remodeling our new home.
For the first three months after moving to our new house, we were busy painting, repairing, adding a patio, replacing a few windows and maintaining the yard. As we were working in the yard one evening, our next door neighbor Larry came over to the fence and said, "Hi Carla. Hi Tom. Looks like your yard and flower beds are keeping you busy."
"Yeah, that's the thing about having a yard, Larry. The work never ends," I said.
"Are you two going to take a break this weekend and go to the festival over at the city park?"
Carla asked, "What festival?"
Larry said, "Every year we have a big 'Hot Dog Festival' in the park. Lots of hot dogs, beer, games, entertainment, and rides for the kids. You two have been working so hard, you could probably use a break."
I looked at Carla, and she said, "Let's go Tom. We really do need a break."
"OK Carla. Sounds like a good idea. It will give me a chance to see you in one of your new summer dresses and not covered with dirt and grass stains from the yard."
When the weekend came, I put on shorts and a nice golf shirt and waited downstairs for my wife. Carla came down a few minutes later in a short summer dress with buttons from the hem to the neckline. The bottom two buttons and the top button were undone. "Wow, Honey, you look great! If we weren't going out now, I would jump your bones." We both laughed.
Carla said, "Let's get some cotton candy first," when they got to the festival. "I love cotton candy and I haven't had any for years."
"OK Honey," I said. I was enjoying the day off from working in the yard almost as much as I was enjoying looking at my wife's legs in her short summer dress.
We spent the afternoon eating cotton candy, hot dogs and greasy fries. We shared a couple of beers and played some of the carnival games. We stopped and watched some of the local entertainment, which consisted of a baton troup of young girls, a karate demonstration and a local magician. Eventually we wandered over to the Tilt-a-Whirl and Carla asked for a ride. I bought the tickets and we waited in line until Tony, the ride operator, took us to their seats in the red half basket.
Tony leered at Carla's legs as he seated us in the cart, and thought how much he'd like to put his face and cock between her thighs. He was going to enjoy watching her spin and fly around the Tilt-a-Whirl circle. He called Tim and Arnie, two other carnival workers, over and told them to get a good look at the brunette's legs when he started the ride. Once the ride was up to speed, Carla and I began spinning their basket while holding on tightly to the protective bar. Both of us were laughing and watching the world spin by. As it picked up speed, Carla's dress flew up over her crotch exposing her panties for the three carnies to see.
"Look at them legs, boys," Tony said. "I'll be that pussy is sweet.
"I would love to fuck that little bitch," Tim said. "But how would we get rid of her husband?"
Tony let the ride run a little longer than usual while the men continued staring at Carla's beautiful legs. When the ride ended, Carla absent mindedly adjusted her skirt and her and I got off the ride laughing. "That was fun," she said. "Let's go ride something else."
Tim and Arnie followed discretely behind us until we came to the Scrambler. Arnie said, "This should be good, Tim. The Scrambler goes even faster." They weren't disappointed. As soon as the ride started, Carla's dress flew up to her waist. Her tits were bounced around inside the tope and forced another button to become undone. When the ride ended, we got off and I enjoyed the view inside the top of my wife's dress. I didn't bother to tell her that another button had come open, preferring to enjoy the view.
The carnies took turns following us all day and into the evening. Besides enjoying the view of Carla's legs, they were trying to figure a way to fuck her. Around 9:00, I said, "I've had enough, Carla. Let's head for home." We were walking back into the dark field where we had parked when I heard a noise behind us. When I turned, I saw a piece of pipe coming towards me and I heard Carla screaming and then everything went dark.
The next thing I remember is waking up in the hospital with a man in a white coat leaning over me. He mumbled something about a concussion. I tried to ask about Carla, but he looked confused. I think I passed out because the next thing I remember is waking up and seeing sunshine coming through the window. I immediately started asking about my wife. The police came and I told them what I remembered. They said they would check at our house and then start asking neighbors if they knew where she was. They indicated that they had check the spot where I was found, but after all the cars had left the field, there wasn't' much left to see.
For the next two months we searched everywhere for Carla, and we never found her. I eventually went back to work, but I fully close the door on that chapter of my life.
Carla's Story
After Tom was hit, three men grabbed me and a rag was stuffed into my mouth to stop me from screaming. They dragged me between the cars until we came to a dark panel van. I was kicking and trying to scream the whole way, but I was no match for the three of them. Two of them kind of looked familiar, but I just couldn't place them. When they threw me into the van, I noticed that my dress was torn from the neckline to the waist and that most of the buttons were undone. I was scrambling around trying to button my dress and cover myself when I felt a hard slap on my face knocking me over. As I was getting back to my knees, one of the men reached over and ripped the dress from my body and threw it in the back.
I heard the engine start and felt the van start to move as I felt another hand unhook my bra. I held it to my chest, but was soon rewarded with another sharp slap. "W-w-what d-do you want? Please d-d-don't hurt m-me," I begged. I now only had on my panties.
One of the dirty greasy men, who I later found out was named Tim, said, "We been watchin you tease us all day with that short little dress and those bouncing titties. We seen your panties when you was flaunting them on the Scrambler and you didn't even care. You struttin around showin off and teasin all the guys ain't right. We figured you done teased us enough so now we gonna spend the night taking turns fucking your hot little ass. Any more questions, slut?"
"I'm not a slut," I cried. "Please let me go. I'm so sorry that you think I teased you. I didn't mean to. Please, please let me go."
The othe man in the back with us was short and fat and gross. He said, "Shut up slut, or we'll gag you. And for your information, you might not be a slut now, but you will be a slut when we finish with you."
Carla laid on her side and started crying. The van drove for about 20 minutes and then stopped. The driver, who was named Tony, got out and opened the side door of the van and the two men each held one of my arms and we got out. We appeared to be in a somewhat wooded area next to a run down trailer. Tony opened the trailer's door and I was dragged in. While I was being held, Tony ripped my panties off. I was now totally nude in front of three of the most disgusting and smelly men I had ever seen. Other than my husband and a couple of man I dated in college, I had never been naked in front of another man.
Tony grabbed three beers from the refrigerator and handed one to each of his friends. He quickly drank his beer, grabbed another and then turned to me and said, "Well, slut, it looks like you're ours now."
I cried, "Please Mr. What are you going to do? Please don't hurt me. Do you want money? I don't have much but I can get some."
All three of them laughed and Tony said, "You don't really understand, do you slut? Let me put this as simple as I can. We don't want your money. You teased us all day and now we're gonna fuck you all night. Any questions, slut."
"I'm not a slut!" I said.
Tony just smiled and said, "Maybe you're not a slut right now, but you will be by tomorrow. Discussion is over. You can make this easy or you can fight us and make it hard. If you make it hard, you're gonna get hurt. Do you understand, slut?"
Carla looked down at the floor and slowly nodded her head.
"What did you say, slut? I couldn't hear you"
I slowly lifted my head and quietly said, "Yes, I understand."
The men all laughed and Arnie and Tim 'high-fived' each other. They all got another beer and Tony said, "Get on your knees. You're going to begin by sucking all of our cocks."
I slowly got to my knees as Arnie anxiously unzipped and pulled out his semi hard 8" cock. His cock was about two inches longer than my husband's cock, but it was filthy and it stunk. Arnie waved it in my face and I almost gagged. He demanded that I suck it as he reached down and squeezed my breast. When I cringed, they all laughed at me again. Arnie continued waving his cock until I put it into my mouth. He shoved my head as far down his stinking pole as it would go. I was gagging from the size and the smell. He then moved my head back-and-forth over his cock. In what seemed like hours, but must have only been a couple of minutes, he came down my throat. I tried to pull his cock out of my mouth, but he held my head tight. When he finished, he gave a hard squeeze to my tit and walked over to get another beer.
Tim swaggered over with his 9" cock waving around next. It was a replay of the first blow job, except Tim lasted a little longer. And lastly, Tony and his 9" cock were next. He pumped my throat for more than 10 minutes before blasting his load. They all sat and enjoyed another beer while I gagged lay on the floor completely disgusted.
"OK slut," Tony said, "now we're all gonna fuck you. After that, you will officially be our slut."
"No, please," I cried. "I'll do anything. Please just let me go."
"Shut up slut and lay on your back."
"No!" she screamed.
Tony shot across the room, lifted her up and slapped my face . .once . . twice . . three times. Then he threw me to the floor and yelled at me, "Beg me to fuck you, slut."
"Please don't," I cried.
He lifted me again and slapped me five times and threw me back to the floor. "Beg me slut. Now!"
I was still crying but I squeaked out, "Please. Fuck me."
"I can't hear you slut. Louder."
I sniffed and said, "Please fuck me."
The men all laughed at me as Tony flipped me onto my back. He reached between my legs and announce to the other two that my pussy was wet, so I must really want it. He touched the tip of his cock to my pussy and as I was starting to squirm out of the way, he rammed his cock all the way in until his balls were resting against my ass. "A-ar-rr—rggh! I screamed. He pulled almost all the way out and rammed it in again. And then again and again. After a few seconds, it didn't hurt and I found that my traitor pussy was beginning to pump back at him. He laughed and announce, "It only took a couple of seconds and this slut is fucking me back. She really is a horny slut."
Tony pounded me for more than 20 minutes and made me cum over and over. I fucked him back and when he lowered his lips to mine, I hungrily kissed him and gave him my tongue. Arnie nd Tim watched us while drinking more beer. When Tony finished, he stood up and said, "Next."
Tim jumped on me and rammed his cock into my sopping hole. I screamed as I climaxed again. While Tim was fucking me, I suppose Arnie couldn't wait any longer so he stuck his cock back in to my mouth. Arnie came after about fie minutes but Tim hung in there for more than 15. When they finished, they sat back on the couch and had another beer. This time, Tony offered one to me, and I accepted.
As we sat and drank beer, Tony smiled an evil smile at me and said, "Well, you are now a slut. And it looked like you might have enjoyed it."
I had enjoyed it but I hung my head and kept silent. Tony chuckled and said, "For the next round, you'll do at least two of us at a time. Will that be a first for you?"
I looked up quickly and said, "Please. No. Just one at a time. Please."
"Are you telling me that you want to fuck us individually?"
Without thinking I responded, "Yes, I want to fuck you all one at a time."
Tony started laughing and said, "Get on your hands and knees slut. Since you asked us all to fuck you, I suppose we should oblige." As I got on my hands and knees, Tony rammed his cock into me from behind. On his third thrust, I was coming an screaming. He pounded me and made me climax for moe than 20 minutes. When he pulled his cock from my pussy, he walked up to my face and said, "Clean it slut." He had made me cum so many times that my mouth pounced on his cock and licked it clean. I repeated my performance with my other two abductors and then laid down and passed out completely satisfied and dripping cum from my pussy.
They let me sleep for a few hours and then woke me to start again. This time there was no conversation. Tim laid on his back and lifted me down on his cock. It felt wonderful and I was humping him immediately. Arnie walked up to my face shaking his cock and shoved it in to my mouth. Instead of protesting, I figured, what the hell and started sucking. I then felt something enter my ass and I tried to turn my head, but Arnie was holding tight. I felt something being rubbed on my ass and then something big was shoved up to the opening of my ass I was trying to shout around Arnie's cock, but was having no luck. Finally I felt something moving in to my ass and filling me completely. It hurt so much but I couldn't scream with a cock filling my mouth. It didn't take long before the pain subsided and the men began to work together fucking my pussy, ass and mouth. I was cumming over and over. The first to blow was Arnie straight own my throat. Tony then shot into my ass then crawled around for me to clean his cock. I couldn't get my mouth on it fast enough and sucked his cum and my ass juices from his cock. Finally, Tim shot his load in my pussy.
It took a few minutes for all of us to catch our breath and when we did, Tony said, "Congratulations! You are officially a slut."
I smiled and nodded my head, "I guess I am."
"Now what are we going to do with you, slut?"
"What do you mean," I asked.
"Well," said Tony, "when we let you go, you'll probably have us arrested for raping you."
I thought about it for a minute and then said, "What if you taped me begging you guys to fuck me? Then if I turned you in, you could just show the tape."
"You would do that for us?" Tony asked. I smiled and slid my hand on to Arnie's cock.
"Get out your phone and let's get this show on the road," I said.
They taped me for the next hour crawling over and begging to suck Tim's cock and then getting double teamed by Arnie and Tim while screaming for more. I acted like a wanton whore and they ate it up. When we finished, Tim drove me home in the van while I sucked Tony and Arnie in the back. When we reached our house, I asked, "So where are you setting up the carnival next week?"
"We'll be in Springboro next week. Why?"
I gave them each a kiss and said, "I'll probably want another ride on the Scrambler by then." I jumped out of the van and walked up the sidewalk.