Someone had morning wood. Pretty much around the clock lumber. Long brown hair tickling his nose, Zach Pedigo woke up to the scent of servitude. Laying in his clutches was his fetching young caregiver Khloe Vaughn, stirring but respectful not to rush his awareness. Having drank a bit too much Jack Daniel's in celebrating the engagement of his friends Nick and Iris, Zach was still a bit under the weather. It stunned him that Nick had managed to hide his new relationship, having been best friends since Zach had moved to Seattle from Vancouver. Of course, Nick Riley being in the music industry kept him pretty busy. It was nice to touch base again. Touch his fiancée too. Things definitely took a strange turn, a story unto herself Miss Iris MacNamara.
Even hearing the shower in the background Zach's hangover made him wince. Defying the noise, it made him realize that he needed to drain his radiator. Truth be known poor Khloe had faced discomfort for over an hour, her own bladder full and ready to burst. Sensing her need via her tensing limbs Zach found sympathy releasing her with a whispered, "Go." Easing from his grasp she caresses his cheek in escape, crawling to her feet to shuffle to the bathroom.
Entering without warning Khloe finds Heidi Baker and her beau Weaver Kytes taking a shower together. A quick admiration of their tender embrace beneath the cascade she scurried to the toilet. Finding her porcelain throne chilly she shivers, then empties her treasure trough of liquid gold. Wiping first she flushed the toilet without even a thought. Bad move in this apartment complex.
"HOLY FUCK!" Heidi screamed at the sudden temperature drop in the water, Weaver gritting his teeth used Heidi as a human shield. Nobody had warned Khloe of the water heaters unpredictable attacks. Weaver laughing at Heidi only made her race around the boy and switch shields. It was his turn to yell, "HOLY FUCK!"
"Sorry guys."
Heidi rubbed a clearing in the steamed up glass and spotted Khloe. Before Khloe could even wash her hands Heidi opened the shower door and pulled a hardly resistant Khloe into the chill of the waterfall. Letting out a shrill squeal Khloe Vaughn learned her lesson.
"Finally escape the old fart?" Heidi said, bathing Khloe against her will with a soaped up luffa as she stood between she and Weaver. Weaver in a corner watching, found it difficult not to get rock hard with two beauties in there with him. Forgiveness led to pampering.
"He's awake. Bad hangover though. They drank a lot after you went to bed."
"Couldn't sleep over Iris screaming her lungs out." Heidi chuckled.
"Worked for me, I got some more." Weaver laughed, deciding to be brave and attempt to share in the moment by shampooing Khloe's wet mane, she merely smiled at their attentions. Khloe felt Weaver's erection rubbing between her ass cheeks and shyly smirks, "Well, good morning to him too."
"Might as well be useful, seeing as I'm pinned in behind you with no where to go."
"He just washed my hair too." Heidi snickered, "I think he has a future as a hair stylist. Isn't his floppy rooster crown so cute dangling over his face?"
"It is adorable." Khloe winks at Weaver as he massages her scalp, "I could get used to this pampering." His dick was right up inside her butt crack as she enjoyed his lathering skills.
"SO!" Heidi tilts Khloe to look her in the eye, brushing suds away from blinding her, "Liking my Dad?"
"I do."
"Trophy slut I hear. Sounds interesting. My sister Kayla told me about the gym...and...well, afterwards."
"I just did what I was told to do."
"WAIT!" Weaver halts his massage, "I totally forgot about Cleopatra. I thought she and your Dad...?"
"Relax Foghorn Leghorn, Dad's got game. Isn't that right Khloe?"
"I am aware of this Cleo, Zach doesn't hide things from me." Khloe winks at Heidi, "Your Father is an incredible lover. I...hope he keeps me around."
"Does...Cleo know?" Weaver worried for his old classmate.
"She's cool with things." Heidi rolls her eyes, "One of many. You saw Petra in here last night too. Add in my friend Nastiya, and kinda sorta my sister Kayla, between bitches."
"Crazy. Can I...?" He grins at Heidi..."Have a few girls of my own?"
"Feel free stud. You just be sure to chase this pussy harder than any of them. I'm not running from you." Heidi reaches around Khloe to flip his pink hair. "Especially after you giving me away at the store you work at. Ace ever say anything about that day?"
"Nice! You sound like your Dad. This is totally awesome, all of us being so open. As far as Ace goes, mostly about fucking your friend Nasty. He was kind of busy."
"True that. Rinse her hair and condition it." Following her instruction Weaver did just that, Khloe felt incredibly privileged. As Weaver enjoyed his moment with Khloe, Heidi pondered the deception over everyone thinking of Zach and herself as Father and Daughter. For now it was better that Weaver didn't know the truth. Besides, it was kind of fun.
As Khloe and Weaver switched places with Heidi to better finish her rinse, Zach made his own appearance as he teeters in to urinate. Finding all three of them in the shower he had to grin. In a strange thought he felt like his new family was coming together nicely. He was tired of living alone and in denial of what he was within. In just one week Zach Pedigo's luck took a solid turn down the right street. He was always a strong sturdy soul even when married to Yushea, her activities outmaneuvering his evolution until he decided it wasn't worth the effort. She just had a hard time telling him the truth about her hidden affairs. Had it been now, when he was more in control over his needs and open to others, things might have been different. She chose others over him, over his needs of her. Back then, his ideas over dominance was just being realized, a bit too late even though he did approach her with it just before they parted ways. If she had just been honest all along he would have consented to her needs as long as he controlled them. Zach's mojo got smacked down. NEVER AGAIN! Why was he even thinking of Yushea now? Fuck that bitch. He was on a roll, no screeching halts now.
Deep in thought as he stood pissing a noisy, violent stream, he heard Khloe tell Heidi that she had always had a submissive streak hidden away until she could find the right man to encourage her to serve his needs. Heidi retaliated with, "SO NOT SUBMISSIVE. DON'T GET ANY IDEAS ROOSTER BOY. I do what I want and offer my best. I'm just a cumslut." Weaver just laughed at her.
Finishing his fountain pose with a wag to his penis to vacate a finality of droplets, Zach leans in step toward the shower door and slaps it twice, just before flushing. Fair enough warning. Even Weaver screamed like a girl that time.
"Anyone up for Starfuck's? I need coffee." Zach raised his voice over the choir of crying souls.
"With what money?" Heidi coughed up, "You sell blood again?"
"Against my better judgment I called in a favor from the record producer. Nick floated me a lifesaver loan until I get on dry land."
"Ummm! Did you forget about rent and utilities Dad?"
"Nope." He shook his head reminded of yesterday with Stormy at work, "I made an easy hundred yesterday at work so I paid the water bill. It's a start...considering we all like...LONG SHOWERS." Another pat on the glass door led to Khloe shutting the water off.
"Your friend is a record producer?" He heard Weaver choke up loudly, then opening the door to step out to face Zach. Two big cocks nearly dueling one another until Weaver cringes and grabs a towel from a hook beside them.
"My towel, Kid." Zach snatches his back before Weaver could use it on himself.
"Sorry." He grabs a secondary towel but loses it just as fast as Heidi steals it to dry herself off leaving Weaver to hide his penis.
""Let me guess..." Zach frowned, "Your band has a demo CD you want me to get Nick to listen to."
"Dude!" Weaver didn't care anymore, his hands up almost in a prayer, "Get us noticed. Please!"
"Noticing too much of you already Cockstar."
"Cockstar." Heidi laughs, "I should have thought of that one."
"Haven't heard you yet, if your singing is anything like your moans keep your day job."
"Let me grab my cell I have a video of us playing." Racing away wet through the apartment made Zach shake his head.
"Yep. Kid's wet behind the ears."
"Rears too." Heidi giggles. In response to a shared eye contact Zach picks Heidi up off the bath mat as she was drying her pits and moves her out of the way. He then palms Khloe by both tits ushering her back into the shower before she could even cross the threshold. Closing the door behind him he turns the water back on and hands her his own luffa. Accepting it Khloe set about bathing Zach from head to toe. Kneeling, she cleaned him of last nights stank. Heidi watching her tenderness pouted slightly at the moment, it reminded her of the day that she shared the shower with him. Sighing she turns to catch Weaver returning with his cell. Before he could say a word she cupped her fingers over his mouth and took him back to her bedroom to dry him off. She told him to save it for Starbuck's.
As Khloe knelt soaping up Zach's genitals he peered down at her doe like gaze. A reminder was needed, "No more of the term Master. In your mind yes, verbally no. Just respect my wishes and follow through. I need you to be yourself, you've already proven yourself to me."
"Do I refer to you as anything else? Sir?"
"Just Zach. Learn to read my expressions, my thoughts will guide you."
"I'm already getting good at that. Please never doubt my desire to be your trophy slut. I want you to be proud of me, brag about my abilities. I've...admired you for quite awhile Zach, thank you for bringing out something I've wanted since...well, my younger days."
"You're what 22? How younger are you talking?" He chuckled.
"Let's just say I wore braces." She blushed a bit. Puckering his lips over her revelation he concluded that was in her past, this was here and now.
"At least you kept fit. That's what I like about you."
"I adapt to my surroundings. Men crave women that reside in their fantasies. I made it my goal to target such perfection. Fitness is fun. With my body already being pretty well defined it's not hard to maintain it."
"So you want men to want you." He winces as she continues soaping his cock with her hands, the memory of Heidi doing the same crept in.
"I...want you...to want me to want men." She smirks, "I've spoken of loyalty, failure would devastate me. I will honor you by not calling you Master out loud, but know that my thoughts welcome that as your identity."
"You know I'm a voyeur as much as an exhibitionist. I like your work Khloe Lou, keep it up."
"May I ask a question?"
"Yep."
"This Cleo, now Petra, possibly...Iris? Are they, trophies as well?"
"A good athlete has many trophies. Problem with the shelf I have you on?"
"Not at all. Use me as you require. All I ask is that I'm allowed to make a living beyond your desires."
"Wiping Walter's ass?" He chuckles over his Landlord, her elderly client.
"If that is required. It pays the bills."
"You plan on being a caregiver forever?"
"As needed, unless you have a better idea?"
"Just getting on my feet, living day to day."
"As long as I can pay my bills, what I have left is yours." Troubled by her offer he snaps his fingers for her to rise facing him. Circling her entire neck with both of his hands like a human collar, he sets the record straight with a stern gaze.
"I will NEVER take a dime from you. My Dad gave me money recently, and it ate me up. The money I borrowed from Nick goes beyond what I told you three earlier, my secret for now. I've been offered a few odd jobs through the Teleki's, but I'm on the fence for personal reasons." He didn't want to appear like he was a gigolo in accepting Rockwell Teleki's offer to buy his services just to shut his wife up. Truthfully, his daughter Cleopatra was all he wanted from that family, but the money was good. Angel Teleki was drop dead gorgeous but it felt wrong. At least at the time. He still considered the offer, going so far as to pushing Rocky's buttons by encouraging him that Cleo had to watch him right beside her Father if he accepted. Sadly, Rocky agreed. Not happy about it, but so be it. Even Zach's co-worker Stormy got him to break down and do her. Midget sex was better than he thought. "Okay, I might end up mending that fence."
"This is what I'm talking about Zach." Khloe points at his hands around her throat, "Own me."
"Works for me." He kissed her hard, not bothering to loosen his grip, her whimper of expectation winning him over, "MY SLUT."
"Make me do it all. I'll never say no, nor will I show signs of hesitation. I swear to you."
"Done." He nods then lays his forehead against hers, "Cold waters kind of killing the mood here. Let's go get coffee."
"Can I suggest something other than Starbuck's?"
"I'm listening."
"My sister Kyndal sings at a coffee house all day long. I'd love for you to meet her."
"Where?" He shuts the water off.
"Mugshot's. It's uptown near the bay. I can drive, seeing as you only own a bike."
"Small car right?"
"Sorry. It's my Grandmother's car actually. She died last year and left it to me. It gets me where I need to go and keeps me out of debt."
"Gotcha. The kids can follow us. I think the punk has a van." He opens the door and steps out drying off, then dries her. She loved his tenderness at the moment. A fair trade in the end.
"Should I stop by my apartment and change?" She asks, "I did dress kind of sleazy when I came over."
"What you arrived in is perfect, I love that short micro mini skirt you wore. Leave the G-string here. You need more cleavage though. See if Heidi has something that fits you."
"Bursting or conservative?" She giggles.
"Explosive. They're falling out in public."
"Can't wait."
"Worried about your sister seeing you showing off?"
"No. She knows what I'm looking for. She's openminded too."
"Threesome?"
"I can ask. For you."
"How does that make you feel?"
"Wet, because you're making me choose you over family."
"She look as hot as you?"
"Very pretty. I have a photo of us together. Not nude...but in bikini's. Family vacay like the one I sent you that first day over Heidi's phone."
"Go ask the punk to dress you. I'll meet you in my bedroom." A slap on the ass sends her on her way. "A sister...hmmm!" With a scowl at himself in the bathroom mirror Zach huffed his cheeks. That led to a lowered glance at his boy Hardy, still timidly erect. "Getting greedy Brother."
Across greater Seattle onlooking the bay itself in the distance, the penthouse condo of Nick Riley and his fiancée Iris MacNamara was called home. The true name of the condo complex was referred to as the Crows Nest due to its scenic appeal out to sea, boats, yachts, tankers, cruise ships, seals and gulls. From the opposite side of their penthouse the Space Needle, to the south, a high rise bank towering four stories taller than their home. So much for privacy. Still, it was gorgeous real estate. An outdoor swimming pool well designed so as not to flood the floors below, a balcony of sheer nature. Again, a bank to perv down on them should they enjoy their pool. Nick Riley called it the Spank Bank, yet he did frequent the bank for business dealings. He knew quite a few influential people in Seattle.
This bright and sunny morning filtered in over their king size bed as their own hangovers subsided slightly. Clinging to her man Iris was content. Last night meeting Zach Pedigo had inspired her to admit way more of her true character than she had hoped to. Zach brought out things in her consciousness that would never settle well with most men. Luckily for the devastatingly beautiful Iris MacNamara her fiancée loved her unconditionally. Not that things didn't spook him, they did. His future bride had divulged her feelings for Zach openly, she loved her man Nick, but she also loved Zach at first sight. More so when Zach took her on a sexual journey that destroyed every wall she had around her. There was no rebuilding. Nick would either live with it or end their relationship. At least she was being honest.
"Iris eyes are smiling." Nick winced over at his lover, singing with his best Irish brogue as she stared at him, her fingers toying with his chest lovingly. Both of them Irish even if his tune left out the H. It made her love her man even more. There was a contentment at the moment.
"Nick? Do I need to apologize for my actions last night? I...don't want to, but I will. Removing my engagement ring was so wrong, yet...Zach insisted. That part...did feel right."
"No! I should have warned you what Zach was capable of. He was just mind fucking you, his version of foreplay. Although, I gotta say he's ramped up his swagger since I saw him last. I think that Heidi got into his head. He's way more aggressive than he was a year ago."
"I found him..." She didn't quite know how to finish.
"Charming? Sexy? Good in bed? Mindblowing?"
"Those and more. Don't hate me."
"NEVER! I recall a lot about our conversations last night. I can't say I'm not scared by it, but if it...makes you happy I can work on that. Not sure I'll ever be the dominant sort, I mean at work I know I'm boss, but at home, all I want is a loving wife. I'm afraid I'll never be everything you say you need."
"Isn't that what Zach is explaining to you? He knows you probably better than I do. He says you're the hopeless romantic, which I adore...but not the alpha I need sexually, mentally. I love you more than life Nick, but I won't lie to you...I need more if I'm to survive us. If you want to end this between us I would understand. Just know I'll never lie to you."
"You're not going anywhere Beautiful. I trust Zach 200%, I can agree to let him take you on wherever this crazy journey you seek leads to, just come home."
"My home is here." She pats her palm over the heartbeat in his chest. "My...body...my desires...my sexual appetite...my loyalty to serve...I want Zach."
"You can fuck him all you want, just don't go behind my back. I'm working hard on my open mind because I love you more than life."
"Nick? I will never ever leave you. All I can say is...you have my heart...Zach owns my soul...I need him just as equally as I need you. I must sound insane."
"Bonkers Lassie. So what are you saying?"
"I don't..." She peels herself away from his flesh to sit up next to him, nipples perky in the morning breeze through an opened window. Looking him in the eye as he rests back peering up at her she adds, "I want to be able to go to him without you knowing. Not deceptively, I just want it to be clear I'm yours...I just want to be spontaneous."
"So behind my back, but knowing beforehand it will happen. That's a lot to swallow Iris. Bad enough, you swallowed Zach's jizz after making me watch you suck him off for thirty minutes. Thank God for Jack Daniels."
"You encouraged me." She smirked pointing at his chest, "There's a bit of freak inside there."
"Liquid courage." He chuckles, "I thought after Zach and I tag teamed you that you would wear out."
"No, that was you. I can go for days. I'm...insatiable."
"Nympho."
"After six months together, you're just figuring that out? You're lucky I'm an honest woman, at least I'll admit when I get needy and don't cheat on you to get it. I'm asking permission."
"And, if I don't give that permission?"
"The misery would consume us both."
"Is it cheating when you go see Zach without my knowing it?"
"No, because you're agreeing with my request and love me harder than ever when I come home to you."
"Sloppy seconds."
"Not if you fuck me really hard before I leave the condo." She giggles, batting her lashes at him.
"Alright, let me get this straight, open marriage? You do what and whom you want, and I do who I want? We meet in the middle for dinner and a movie?"
"I'm not saying I'd be with Zach every day, he has...his own life. His other toys. He might not even want..." Before she can finish her sentence Nick sits up and cups a hand over her mouth to silence her.
"I'm good. I'd rather you do this with Zach than some stranger I don't know. Can you swear to no strangers?" She nods yes in her vocal captivity, "UNLESS..." Her eyes flare up at the thoughts of others, "...Zach is there to keep you safe." A slow retreat of his hand he awaits her response.
"I can have sex with other men as long as Zach...?" She recalls how dominant his behavior was in leading Petra and Khloe, then the final three man bukkake over Heidi. It made Iris tremble with excitement. That was the beginning spark that activated her inner most demons.
"I must be crazy to even go along with this shit. In most cases this is relationship suicide."
"Not crazy. It makes me worship you that much more Nick."
"Worship?"
She fidgets a bit before her next word, "I made a promise to never lie to you, or keep anything from you. There is something in my past I was hesitant to bring up, before now, mainly because I wasn't sure you could understand certain things."
"Wonderful." He rolls his eyes as she claims his hands.
"Calm down. I love you for you."
"Obviously something about me doesn't meet your dietary needs."
"Someday...you might grow to be more like Zach." Hopefully optimistic, yet she knew deep down that would never happen.
"I get it Iris, you dug his bitch control. I'm not naïve. What were you hesitant to tell me?"
"Very much." She shivered at the word control, "You know I'm a wild child even at 28. When I was 21 I met a man that...took control. I loved it, even the bondage."
"Hardcore?"
"Only with him, he never shared me, which secretly I wanted...needed, yet he was brilliant in other ways so I remained faithful. It was when I asked him to share me that I ruined it all. He became brutal suddenly, bondage became torture in a bad way. I took it for months until I finally couldn't...so I moved from L.A to Seattle."
"So telling me you want to be shared made you think I'd get brutal?"
"It's not in your DNA Nick. I...just didn't feel you could cope. You're surprising me."
"Dominance is a turn on. Bondage iffy?"
"Both make me very happy, being beaten does not. I was young and accepted it until I...couldn't anymore. I need true love to go along with it. You give me love, Zach can give me dominance."
"Best of both worlds. Maybe I'll take notes."
"Be yourself Nick. Just let me be me as well, and I'll make you a good wife."
"Yet, you let him remove my ring from your finger."
"I shouldn't have, I couldn't resist him. I already apologized, well I tried to."
"I know, just evaluating things. How about this...? Let's use your rock as a signal. He put it on his dresser out of reach. If you go to him leave your ring at home, I'll get some kind of worship idol you can place the ring on as our own offering of respect. That way I never worry about you because I'll know where you are. Once I have a wedding band I'll do the same if I'm with another woman. Fair?"
"You just took my breath away. YES NICK!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I swear I'll make you the happiest man alive."
"You better or..." He scowls trying to decide how best to finish his thoughts.
"...or, you will punish me?" She wiggles an eye brow playfully inviting change in his normally jovial personality, expressing a hint to take charge more often himself, not that she wanted that from him all that much. She favored Zach Pedigo in that area. Long live Zach. Long last Zach. Her thoughts were exploring the possibilities, praying Zach was on the level with what he offered. She was drunk last night, so was he. Careful pondering led her astray. "With all of the girls Zach has this might be a one time thing anyway, right?"
"Only one way to find out."
"How is that?"
Nick slips away from her and crawls out of bed to obtain his cell from a charging dock. Setting up his camera to record them he slides back in next to her, motioning her to snuggle under his armpit, their heads nearly cheek to cheek. "Follow my lead." He jests.
"Try saying that without laughing and I might not need Zach." She giggles then flares her eyes, "NO...I NEED ZACH." A soft smile of regret enters her voice, not wanting Nick to think badly of her asperations.
"Shut up and let me talk first, then I'll turn the phone over to you. Tell him exactly how you feel, what you want."
"What if...I don't want to hurt you Baby."
"Too late... I'll survive. As long as I know this is just...sex...nothing more, I can work on my doubts."
"Never doubt me Nicky. I...just need...more."
"Oh, I'll get you more Princess." He laughs, "Just because I rarely show you any form of aggression doesn't mean I can't be sneaky. You do realize I know a lot of wealthy people in Seattle and Vancouver. If I wanna get you laid..." She bubbles up briefly and palms his lips.
"I need more than that Nicky. I...need to be showed off...dare I say it...humiliated."
"Huh? Why would you want that?"
"The man I mentioned from Los Angeles? He humiliated me quite often, he would never share me but he did like stripping me in public, making me...masturbate for people. On occasion, touched just never shared via intercourse."
"So, you like being naked in public? Why am I just now learning things like this?"
"Fear Nicky. I love you and I don't want to lose what we have together. I just...withheld things until I knew you could handle my past."
"What else is being kept hidden?"
"Nothing dark, I just really like being dominated and used sexually. Are we still doing video for Zach?"
"Processing, but yeah. Am I allowed to make rules?"
"If you ask me then I beg of you to not set any rules outside of wearing my ring, or you wearing yours. I would prefer freedom of any rules between you and I."
"What about Zach?"
"I will obey anything and everything that man tells me."
"So, if he told you to slap me across the face?"
"I would do it, however I would hope you slapped me back. Only to be fair."
"That's just fucking batshit crazy Iris."
"You asked. Would you rather take back my engagement ring and kick me to the curb?"
"Not yet." He chuckles nervously, "Let's try not to think like that. Let this shit sink in Irish."
"Do you think Zach is awake?"
"Fuck the video. I'm calling him." Nick takes a deep breath and hits dial. The conversation would be interesting.
Back at Zach and Heidi's apartment...
"How do I look?"
Zach Pedigo notes Khloe Vaughn step into his room, Heidi directly behind to seek her own fashion approval. Khloe still wore her stretchy white micro mini skirt but her blouse had been replaced with a laced up white bustier style halter that propped her massive breasts into bulging melons. Her skin shining through in the front only pleasantly detained her flesh by the lacing. The top rode high on her waist offering a perfect belly button with a trinket dangling from it.
"Beautiful. Now that's what I'm talking about. Invest in more outfits like this."
"What makes you think I don't have a closet full of outfits similar to these? I enjoy looking sexy. Trust me Mas...Mister Pedigo...I'm never going to dress frumpy when in your presence. You have my word."
"What about me Daddio?" Heidi stepped from behind Khloe wearing a tight mini dress in purple, her butt cheeks barely covered, one good stretch and out they would pop. Her own frontal was laced down between her tits but stopping before her belly, it was just enough to flaunt her own large breasts in all the right places, cleavage above and at her sides.
"Looking good Dove."
At the doorway stood Weaver Kytes exploring both girls, "Are we going for coffee or dancing?"
"You complaining Kid?" Zach fastens the belt around his jeans. Wearing a black tank top that revealed the sides of his ribs showing off his musculature, Zach was pretty damned sexy himself. A grey leather jacket accented his stature.
"Nope. Just checking...them out."
"Mmmm!" Khloe nibbled her lower lip, "My sister will scold me for dressing like this on a Sunday morning. She's..."
"Let me guess...bible thumper?"
"Oh no! Kyndal is just more conservative than I am. She's beautiful, just reserved."
"I saw a picture of her sister. Heck I might date her." Heidi smirks at Weaver, "You mind?"
"I think we've gotten past the jealousy thing." Weaver chuckled, "Do what you want, just find time for me."
"Always! Dad? I think I really like Weaver." She stuck her tongue out at Zach.
"You have my blessing Kid. I only have one rule. You hurt my baby...I'll shave that mohawk of yours and glue it to your ass. Then you can sing PONY PONY instead of MONY MONY."
"Haha!" Weaver rolled his eyes, he had heard every Billy Idol razz since knowing these people.
"Awwww! My Little Pony." Heidi pouted playfully and eased into Weaver's arms to kiss him. He devoured her lips.
"Another thing Pony Boy...fulfill that fetish of hers whenever you can."
"The...fetish? You mean...?"
"Cum on me lots." Heidi bounces in step expressing a giddiness of expectation going forwards in their relationship.
"Just me?" He laughs.
"Ooooo! I love it when you tease. Just...not Wayne and Garth? I really don't want to envision Mike Myers and Dana Carvey."
"Wayne and Garth?" Zach winces.
"My bass player and lead guitar." Weaver sighed, "Pervs, they're always chasing my mom."
"His mom is a stripper Dad. Maybe you should go watch her sometime." Heidi laughs.
"Never know. She hot Kid? I still haven't seen this pic of your sister Kyn." He redirects his comments between Weaver and Khloe. Both of them swiftly lift their cells up to explore their photo gallery for the perfect pictures. Khloe had her photo album easier to access having just shown Heidi. Lifting up the cell toward Zach as he threw on aftershave he admired the two bathing beauties, having recalled Khloe mentioning their island vacation together. Kyndal looked quite a lot like Khloe only with blond streaks in her brunette hair, both long in mane. Kyndal however had a few extra pounds on her sister, her tits actually larger than Khloe's. It was easy to see the modesty difference between siblings. Kyndal's bikini was fuller compared to Khloe's string bikini. Still Zach nodded his approval, "Cute." Khloe explored his expression to discover if he truly found her sister appealing. Of course he did.
Stepping further into the bedroom Weaver poised his own cell over Khloe's shoulder, "Might as well show you two pics. Family pic and mom on stage." Zach took his cell from him to get a closer look at his Mom and Dad together, "That's about three years old. My Dad comes and goes. I think you can see why."
"Biker?"
"Yeah! He's patched in with an MC named Tribal Welders." He grins, "Dad's an underwater welder. He's also half Native American and camps out at the Tulalip Reservation to keep up with my Grampa. I know I don't look Indian outside of the mohawk."
"So, your ole' man's Indian and your mom white?" Zach winced looking at his mom in the family photo.
"Yep. Met Mom in a strip club." He sighed, "Some things never change." An assisted swipe of his cell screen shared his mother wearing next to nothing, only a G-string thong and feather in her hair. "Feather's a gift from my Grampa. She wears it faithfully on stage. Her stage name is actually Feather. Real name is Jacki."
"What's your Dad's name?"
"Solomon but everyone calls him Solo."
Heidi snorts, "Solo Kytes? Isn't that contradictory?"
"Whatever." Weaver palms her forehead as she tried to avoid him.
"She does have a point." Khloe grinned sheepishly.
"You make fun of my Dad to his face and see how that goes."
"Your Mom reminds me of Jaclyn Smith of Charlies Angels back in the day. Before your time, almost mine." Zach chuckles, "Boob job it looks like."
"Dad wanted her to look all pornstar. Worked well on the stage I guess, we live in a pretty nice house."
"So why do you drive a beater van when you're rich?" Heidi frowned.
"I never said rich, just comfy. I like my van it serves the band well. Now my mom, she drives the red Camaro."
"Alright freaks, I need my morning coffee. You two following me and Khloe?"
"Yep! I wanna come back and change into my punk rock look for Weaver." Heidi reveals.
"You can change in the van on the way."
"True. Okay I can bring my outfit along. You taking the bike Pops?"
"Yep! I'm not even trying to squeeze into Khloe's matchbox car. It's nice out today and traffic might as well enjoy her ass." Khloe smiles vibrantly as Zach winks at her, "That skirt rides high."
"Absolutely." She turns to Heidi then lifts her skirt up over her cheeks to let Zach rub her behind. "No panties as ordered."
"Me neither." Heidi giggles, "Weaver never ordered me out of any, I prefer fresh air." She hikes her own dress just to let Weaver rub her own bottom in front of Zach. An extended razz of her tongue toward her roommate was meant to tease him. She knew how badly he wanted her. Their openness becoming more and more touchy feely.
"Better slap that ass before I do Kid. She needs a good spanking."
"So weird." Weaver winces then slaps the blond beauty on the bottom, "Getting used to it Zach."
"No choice Kid. Now everyone out of my room." Heidi raced to her room for her punk clothing stashing her things in a duffle. Weaver and Khloe flirted a bit in the living room, while Zach grabbed his personal items.
Congregating in the hallway the younger folk awaited Zach to put his boots on then let him lock up the apartment. Heading downstairs toward the back of the apartment complex Zach opened the door and found a certain redhead coming home from a brisk morning jog. Smiling brightly at the group, the girls hugged Petra Monahan and snickered about the prior nights craziness. With a loud clearing of his throat the girls took the hint and followed Weaver out to the parking lot.
"Hi Zach." Petra attempted cheeriness.
"How's Herman?" He merely glares at her.
"He's..." She shivered not liking the thoughts of what Zach had told her to start doing around her sneezy sleazy roommate Herman.
"I thought not." Zach turned his back to her leaving her speechless. Before he got out of range she panicked and raced after him moving in front of Zach to halt his step.
"I'll try harder. Please just let me get used to him. I've only lived here for one day Zach."
"Waste of time. Get out of my way." He grew cold. Tearing up she sidestepped and pouted. Just as she gave up hope on her desires to be a part of Zach's life he called out, "By the time I get back home."
"I'll do my best." She danced in step briefly then calmed herself. She then, just watched him walk to his Harley and meet with Khloe. Turning Khloe's back to Petra he lifts her skirt clear up to her waist and points at her ass. Petra knew it was what he expected Herman to see out of her. Nodding she waved at Heidi who offered a thumbs up in the form of saying "You can do it." Moments later Petra stood alone. Her shivering even in the morning sun would not stop.
On his way to Mugshot's Zach felt his cell ringing in his coat pocket. Unable to answer it he let it go to voicemail. Nick Riley would have to wait on a call back. Behind them on the street Weaver trailed closely, he couldn't stop staring at Khloe's ass. She was riding bare bottom all the way across town. Cars were tooting, she was blowing kisses. At one point Zach had to brake quickly and Weaver screeched his own brakes to avoid hitting them. Damn her ass cheeks. Heidi just rolled her eyes.
Reaching the bayside, traffic grew more intense and parking became a challenge. Weaver swerved into a parking garage two blocks from Mugshot's while Zach chose to explore for something closer his bike might fit in. Of course, that led to a procession of faithful cars keeping pace behind him to view Khloe. She was laughing hysterically at her misfortune. Zach smirked back at her at a tilt. "Having fun Khloe girl?"
"I adore you Sir." She conceded with a rash of giggles.
"You just keep doing that. Show it off." He had to wait on a stoplight, giving Khloe time to lift up off the seat and spank her ass playfully for her audience. Horns became a symphony. Thankfully there were no police nearby. "Pry those cheeks." Zach called back as she did her best to share her butt pucker and behind the scenes clam. Whistles joined in on the dedication of horns. She even went so far as to place a finger up her ass and fuck it. Forced to hold on to Zach as the light turned green her performance returned to normal. Circling the block around Mugshot's they managed to catch a car leaving at a parking meter and Zach swiped it. It was directly in front of the shop next to the café.
Shutting the Harley off he stood it up and crawled out of his saddle. Before she could hop off behind him, he returned to his seat, except facing her instead. Yanking her into him, he kissed her long and hard, his hands lifting her ass cheeks to share them further with people walking by. Not a single complaint, more compliments, women encouraging their men to be more like Zach. Pedigo was the man.
Finalizing their passion for one another Khloe sighed heavily into his lips, "Please keep me."
"Keep proving your worth." He winked with a stern tone, then crawled off his seat a second time and assisted her in escaping the saddle. Zach decided to lower her skirt before entering the coffee shop. At the door waiting stood Weaver and Heidi, they too were making out in public. Those complimenting Zach and Khloe did the same for the younger lovebirds.
Hearing music coming from within as the door opened and closed Zach looked through the window at a girl playing guitar. Kyndal Vaughn was stunning. Patting Khloe on the back he opened the door and ushered her inside. He didn't share the entry with Weaver and Heidi, cutting them off as he himself entered. The place was packed. The seating ranged from tables with barstools to couches and cushioned seats. Those sofas faced the stage to share in their hired acts. Choosing to find seats in front of Kyndal, Khloe waved at her sister who broke into a bright smile at seeing her older sis. It had been awhile since Khloe had listened to her songbird sister. Spotting Zach behind Khloe, Kyndal smirked at her choice in hot men.
Today Kyndal wore blue jean shorts that revealed a set of butterfly tattoos on her calves. Zach hadn't noticed those in the photo with Khloe, obviously a newer addition since their trip. They were very attractively placed. Her shirt was a button down with a few buttons opened just to accent a bit of flirtatious cleavage, yet nothing too flamboyant. Her song was beautiful, singing I Will Never Let You Down by Rita Ora. Zach was pretty impressed. Leading Khloe to a shared sofa with a gentlemen in his 50's he sat with her in between them. The man began sweating at seeing Khloe's short skirt and laced cleavage. To their left in the only other vacant seat, a cushioned chair Weaver sat down with Heidi in her lap. At an angle toward Zach's sofa the man beside Khloe could look directly up Heidi's skirt, he was in a good mood suddenly. Neither Zach nor Weaver even noticed the man's stealing glances. Not that it mattered.
A waitress made her rounds toward Zach and his group. The woman like Weaver had vibrantly colored hair which was barely at her shoulders with lengthy singular bangs draping over her cheeks like thin whips. Her hair color was bright blue with blazing orange and yellow tips attempting a look of fire. Double D tits were easily fake, her being smaller, but perky in the nipples. They certainly weren't shy behind her white shoulder less top with vast cleavage. Big blue eyes accented her light skin tone. The girls long legs were amazingly defined beneath a short ruffled skirt. Arriving at their seats she hovered at Zach's shoulder until he glanced up at her. Smiles met he grins at her brilliant smile.
"Hi. I'm Phoenix. Can I get you anything?"
"Expresso for me."
"And, you?" She eyes Khloe, "I love your shirt by the way. Bold statement."
"Macchiato please. Thank you. I'm Kyndal's sister." Khloe points proudly at her baby sister on stage.
"So awesome. I love her."
"I'm buying for those two as well. If they ever stop kissing long enough to order." He directs Phoenix toward Weaver and Heidi. His hand was up her skirt. Zach was eying the outcome with interest. Heidi's pussy was in full bloom, her sunflower tattoo making it's own appearance. Seeing her Phoenix fans her face and grins at Zach.
"She's gorgeous."
"She...or SHE?" He chuckles referring to her pussy.
"Both. I love the show here."
"Gets better once we get cozy." Zach pats Khloe on the leg, running his own fingers up until they brush her labia. The man seated next to her sat forward just to capture a glance up her skirt. Phoenix slyly pointed out the older man with a pinky allowing Zach to snap a glance of his own. The man tried to avoid confrontation and looked at Phoenix wanting to order another for himself. Zach smirked at the guy then at Khloe, "I'm buying his too. Scoot on over." He nudges Khloe to edge closer to the man, she immediately slid almost hip to hip with the man on the narrow couch. He blushed at her new arrangement.
"Nice of you." Phoenix winks at Zach.
"Room for you right here between us." Zach grinned, taking his leather coat off to offer a look at his well defined muscles.
"Tempting. Much as I'd love to I'd be fired." She then leans forward letting her blouse fan open to offer a glimpse of her braless melons. Zach certainly looked with interest. "Should I split up the lovebirds to take their order?"
"Never split those two up." He nods at her cleavage in his face. "Just bring them Expresso's too."
"You have gorgeous eyes." She whispers.
"They need to get a much better look at you before I leave here today." He winces playfully.
"Back alley smoke break?" She giggles, "I don't smoke by the way."
"Before I leave."
"What about your girlfriend?"
"Not my girlfriend. She's just candy."
"Sweetooth?" She watches him pat his crotch, answer enough. Another fanning of her features Phoenix had to head toward the Barista with their order. Turning in his seat he watched the girl wiggle away. His ego was getting way to blown up. Relaxing in his seat he glared left at Khloe, "I said scoot over." She nibbled her lip and snuggled directly up against the older man. Swallowing dryly the man stared at Zach who winked back at him. Uneasy but unwilling to leave the man finally spoke.
"Thanks for the refill."
"No problem. Enjoy her while you can, she's scooting back over in ten minutes."
"May I?" He attempts to put his arm around Khloe, but hesitates.
"Ten minutes. Do what you're wanting. After that she's off limits." Zach then turned his focus on Kyndal switching her song choice to Don't Know Why by Norah Jones. She was mesmerizing, as if she were singing directly to Zach himself. Even with Khloe nearly in her neighbors lap, her sister trained her eyes on Zach himself. Ego rose again as Zach heard the verses of the song saying I Don't Know Why I Didn't Come. Of course that version of come to him read as cum. Her sparkling gaze was making his dick Hardy rise up and play conductor. For the entire duration of the song their eyes locked.
Khloe dealt with her suiter rubbing her upper thighs and whispering dirty thoughts into her ear. She placed her hand directly over the man's tented slacks and lightly rubbed the length of his pent up girth to accompany his soft erotic advances. He definitely told her he wanted to fuck her. She merely sighed and patted his crotch, nuzzling her cheek against his. Her sole attentions were on this man.
To Zach's right Heidi and Weaver broke from their own passions to enjoy Kyndal. Weaver in particular admired her voice, being a singer himself. While Weaver invested his attention toward the indoor Busker, Heidi eyes Zach who was also entranced, then at Khloe being felt up by an older man. Scowling at how Zach was just flaunting Khloe gave her pause to wonder if this would be how he might treat her should they ever get close. Not that, it was a horrible picture, she enjoyed showing off herself, even going so far as sex with others recently while literally talking to Weaver on her phone from his place of employment. Somehow though, Zach's colder outlook gave her concerns. Maybe it was just her rogue nature.
During her exploration of Zach, the waitress Phoenix returned with their drinks. Stepping to Heidi first she shared a smile with the girl. "Your friend ordered these for you two." Phoenix passed off their Expresso's. Weaver took his without even looking away from Kyndal. A shrug between Heidi and Phoenix at his loss of reality led to conversation.
"He's not my friend. He's my Dad. Cool hair."
"Thanks. I love how silky yours is." Phoenix adds as she turns to Zach. Zach wasn't as devoted to Kyndal as Weaver was, his hand sliding over to sneak up the skirt of Phoenix right in front of everyone, literally tangling under her G-string strap. The girls eyes bulged toward Heidi as she whispers, "Your Dad has roving hands."
"Just pour his coffee in his lap." Heidi giggled.
"And, hurt...that? Not on your life." Phoenix was glaring down at Zach's erection. "Ummm! Here's your Expresso and..." Phoenix notes Khloe in the man's clutches and whistles under her breath, "Nice."
"Couldn't agree more." Zach looks up at Phoenix as he tugs at her G-string, finally releasing her he rubs her butt cheek then breaks away to claim their drinks. Glancing left Zach coughs up, "Times up. Get your sexy ass back over here." Khloe abandoned her companion with a swift peck on his cheek. Snuggling next to Zach he hands Khloe her Macchiato.
"I better get a huge tip after that." Phoenix playfully pats Zach on the cheek. Zach decided that being touched wasn't her decision to make and takes her hand away, but held it firmly in his possession. Patting his erection before her eyes he draws her hand downward until it made contact with his swollen tent pole. Phoenix exhaled a delightfully agonizing sigh at being allowed to touch him there.
"Huge enough tip for you?"
"Big spender." She huffs and looks around at her co-workers and the customers. She enjoyed touching him but definitely felt the loss of income if she wasn't careful. Removing his hand from hers he waited to see if she would pull away swiftly in a panic or take a risk. She shocked him by rubbing his crotch briskly. "Smoke break in five minutes?"
"Make it fifteen. I'll meet you in the alley."
Smiling at Khloe with a second of regret until Khloe blew her a kiss, Phoenix lifted her palm away from his dick and shivered. "See you there." Off the blue haired beauty went, her mind blown by how wet she was suddenly.
From the stage Kyndal ended her set with applause, "Short break. Thank you all for your support." A hat filled with money sat in front of her. Sitting her guitar aside on a stand Kyndal stood up from her barstool and stretched vividly before hopping down to meet with her sister. Khloe stood up and held her arms wide to embrace Kyndal lovingly, holding her Macchiato away from her.
"Glad you could make it Sis. Who's your new man?" She admired Zach, then looked toward Phoenix in the distance, having seen her palm his erection.
"This is Zach." She turns to him with pride, her brown orbs glistening.
Standing tall Zach towered over both girls and extended a hand of friendship. "Kyndal right?"
"Yep. Man you look like Tom Hardy."
"DOESN'T HE?" Heidi interrupted laughing.
"Wow! You resemble Dove Cameron." Kyndal chuckles.
"DOESN'T SHE?" Zach had to raise his voice as Heidi did. Both laughed over their running joke.
"That's Zach's daughter Heidi, her boyfriend Weaver."
Weaver nudged his way out from under Heidi to stand and shake Kyndal's hand, a little too long. "I love your vibrato. I'm a singer too."
"Really?"
"Yep. I'm in a band called Spitshake. Punk on the outside, little bit of everything on the inside. I can show you a video of us."
"You and your video." Zach shook his head, "Save it if you want me to hook you up with Nick."
"Right! Maybe next time." Weaver hides his cell quickly. Heidi in her seat alone sips her Expresso suddenly feeling left out. Sitting her drink aside she took the time to text her own sister Kayla telling her to get her stepdad's truck and meet up here if she wanted to join her in hearing Weaver's band practicing later. Kayla instantly replied with, "Leaving now."
"So, where did you two meet?" Kyndal sought information.
"She cares for the old guy who we rent off of." Heidi breaks in.
"Oh?"
"Yes, it was Heidi that actually set us up." Khloe smiles at her friend. "We do workout at the same fitness center."
"I somehow knew you worked out." Kyndal smirks at Zach.
"Feel how hard he is." Khloe takes her sister's hand and applies it to Zach's chiseled chest. Bright red in the face Kyndal flares her eyes.
"Yepper! He's hard."
"That's everywhere." Khloe emphasizes with a sly grin, leaning an elbow on Kyndal's shoulder.
"I'll take your word for it. Not that I'm not curious." She frazzles slightly, "Stop it! I won't be able to go back on stage." Khloe made matters worse by whispering into her ear, "He is incredible in bed." Groaning Kyndal swats her sister with a puffy expression of, "STOP IT!"
"It's true." Zach confirmed it as he sipped his Expresso, his acknowledgment only made Kyndal frown. The man's ego was inflated, yet he did have an allure about him that also seemed grounded. Beside Kyndal, Heidi Baker took a stand and leaned on her opposite shoulder just as Khloe was doing. Leaning close Heidi whispered, "Don't mind me, but I have to hear what my Dad does to girls...trust me...ain't no lie."
"Oh my God! All of you are crazy. I'll be stuttering on stage trying to sing."
"I can sing with you." Weaver chimed in, "One song? I do gigs all the time. Maybe this place will hire us for one."
"They only offer the stage here. It's all in the hat income. But, I'll let you sing a song if I know it to play along."
"Elvis? Love Me Tender?"
"Seriously?" Heidi laughs, "He wants you."
"No I don't." He grows nervous then grits his teeth at Kyndal. He did. She knew it too. Shaking her head she makes a break from the stress of her surroundings.
"I have to pee before I go back up."
"I'll go with you. Need to tinkle myself." Khloe invites herself. Heidi shrugging goes along for the exercise.
"I could bleed the camel myself." Weaver eyes Zach who sneers back at his admission. Weaver swallows dryly then bolts away. It was then that Zach heard his cell go off again. Grabbing his coat up from the sofa he retrieves his phone to notice four missed calls from Nick Riley. How did he miss that many?
A fast call back Zach sits down, his neighboring gent still being nosey. Ignored Zach hears Nick's voice.
"About time you called back." Nick chuckled as Iris rubbed his shoulders from behind, having relocated from their bed to their rooftop pool for breakfast. Both in short robes.
"Been busy with Khloe. Went for coffee at Mugshots, her sister's a Busker here. Met her and a waitress."
"Damn Buddy. That harem just keeps getting bigger."
"More the merrier."
"So...I'm going to put you on speaker, Iris is here beside me, you mind?"
"Go for it."
"Hi Zach."
"Morning slut."
"I love it when you refer to me as that."
"Course you do. You know you are."
"I do. I am." She melts.
Nick butts in with, "So, Zach...what we talked about last night...sharing Iris on different levels...talk or dead serious?"
"Man of my word. I'm taking her off your hands whenever I want. You giving me grief?"
"No...I'm not. Just keep her safe. I don't need her hurt, or pregnant. Otherwise...do what you want with her."
"You'll get her back, and she WILL love you more for it."
"Yes I will. With every ounce of my being." She enters her opinion.
"I've got her number Nico. I call she comes, I don't care if you're making love at the time. Understood?"
"Wow! You have some balls Buddy."
"Your bride to be sucked on 'em, she should know."
"I love your balls Zach." She whimpers touching herself beneath her robe.
"Always will. My slut. His lover." The old man on the sofa sat impressed by what he overheard. "I'll be in touch, I gotta go."
"Later Buddy."
"I LOVE YOU ZACH." Iris yelled at the top of her lungs. He merely smirked and hung up. Nick had Iris on his outdoor dining table masturbating as he ate his grapefruit. She did it without his approval. Nick didn't seem to mind.
In the girls room Khloe and Kyndal washed their hands side by side, Khloe throwing gas on her sisters inner fires. "Zach wants to have a threesome."
"WHAT?" Kyndal held her breath trying not to laugh.
From her bathroom stall Heidi Baker felt evil, "I DARE YOU."
"OH MY GOD! Why are you two hounding me when you know I'm going back on stage?"
"We used to do everything together. Why stop now?" Khloe giggled.
"Sex with the same man...that's over the top. I get why you like the guy Khloe, but...come on."
"He's good at that." Heidi laughed. Kyndal merely winced over her shoulder at Heidi's banter.
"How can you talk about your Dad like that?" Kyndal questioned.
"Openminded family."
"Wow!"
"Please Kyndal?" Khloe begged mischievously.
"NOOOOOOOOOO!" She laughs then watches Khloe use her hands to share the size of Zach's cock. Heidi flushing and joining them at just the perfect moment adds her own measure of his girth with a thick circular between fingers. Kyndal dropped her jaw then hisses, "Let me think about it. I HATE YOU GUYS."
"But, you'll love my Dad." Heidi nudges her shoulder against Kyndal's arm. Grinning at the playfulness Heidi expressed Khloe felt her cell buzz and looked at it. A text from Zach read, "I'll be back. Get your ass back to the sofa and cozy with Brian. That's the old fart."
"Shall I seduce?" She types back.
"Hands on only. Surprise me...and him. LOL!"
"Yes Sir." Khloe brightened up.
"Was that Zach?" Kyndal grew curious.
"Yes. Why?"
"Just nosey."
"You should moon him." Heidi rubbed it in.
"Will it get you two to stop?"
"YES!" Both Heidi and Khloe laughed as one.
"So stupid. Hurry up before someone walks in." Kyndal lifts her shirt and unbuttons her jean shorts. Lowering them to a commando state she bends over and shares a gorgeous bare bottom. Her butterfly tattoos extended further than anyone thought. Even Khloe.
"Those are new." Khloe puckered her lower lip.
"I felt like be adventurous."
Heidi lifts her dress quickly and shows off her sunflower over her clitoral area. "Me too."
"Lovely. I have flowers there too. How cool is that?" Kyndal waits for Khloe to take her butt picture before standing up to share a set of three daisies with a smaller butterfly over them.
"That's awesome." Heidi dropped her jaw.
"Those are new too." Khloe shared in Heidi's amazement. Snapping a sneaky picture of her sisters floral arrangement forcing Kyndal to snarl at her. Feeling the moment the beautiful Busker sighs loudly and unbuttons her shirt halfway and fans it open.
"Might as well show him the rest of my tats." Circling her breasts were more butterflies in a unique free flowing formation, her nipples perches should they decide to rest.
"Even newer." Khloe huffed actually leaning in to examine them closer. "Maybe I should get a tat." Erect she snapped a full frontal pic of Kyndal. Her reservations long gone the more her sister coaxed her.
"I told you my stepdad has a parlor. Peck's really talented."
"Peck Trudeau? He's the guy that did my tattoos. Little creepy but nice. He got a little..."
"Handsy? Tonguey?" Heidi chuckled, "Yeah, he's a perv. So he gave you the flower tat for free if you let him lick your puss?"
"Not my finest moment." Kyndal pouted. "Wait! You have a sunflower. Did he?"
"Right out of a stepdaddy daughter porn. Not gonna lie...I hurled after he ate me out."
"Insane. Are you...still on good terms?"
"Oh yeah. Forgive and forget I say. Never going near my cunt again though." She laughed.
"Shit! I need to get back on stage. Are you staying Khloe?"
"For awhile. I go when Zach goes."
"I can't believe you moved over into that old guy."
"Zach attack." Heidi frowns, "Dad's...hard to resist." She enjoyed ramping up her roommate. The more girls chased him, the more he came after Heidi. She was really glad she moved in with him. Too much fun.
"Don't be freaked out. He's sending me back in." Khloe fidgets.
"Just don't get kicked out. It makes me look bad."
The three girls gathered themselves together and returned to the coffee house. Weaver sat alone finishing off his Expresso. Parting ways Kyndal took the stage again and retrieved her guitar. Before playing she spoke into the mic, "A new friend wants to join me for a song, I hope everyone is fine with that. If he sucks blame him." She giggles luring Weaver up to join her. In leaving Heidi, she felt lonely and watched Khloe hook back up with old dude. The man had relocated to the center of the couch with Khloe to his right. Shrugging Heidi took her Expresso and moved to the man's left startling him.
"Hi Brian."
"Uhhh, hello."
Khloe winked toward Heidi then ran her hand over the mans cock. Setting her cup aside Heidi chose to participate and rubbed right along beside her hand, sharing in his length. A pinch to his crown the man groaned and slouched a bit. Hearing Weaver and Kyndal strike a chord with Love Me Tender, they had the entire café mesmerized. Her first time actually hearing Weaver live Heidi paused as Khloe continued her mission. Unzipping his pants her hand slipped in and fondled his dick, gently jerking at it. Once Heidi realized Khloe's escalation she lifted her brows and winced at the thought. Still, she took it further. A helping set of fingers drew the man's cock out of hiding. He was ready to bust a nut before they even worked him over. At seven inches timid Brian found two hands stroking him softly. Elvis had set the mood.
Seeing Khloe lean over his crown and lightly blow on it Heidi found herself unable to swallow. An innermost "Ewww!" kept her at bay. Heidi was mischievous, but not that mischievous. Khloe however did as Zach had ordered. Shock him. Shock the elder. Khloe Vaughn opened her mouth and sucked the man off. Heidi relinquished her hold on him but teased his ear just for kicks. He was lost in his own little world. "Ewwww!" yet again.
Outside in the alleyway Zach met with Phoenix. Shocked that he actually showed she stood speechless as he faced her.
"You came."
"Not yet. I plan to though." He narrowed his eyes for her reaction. She trembled with a smile then took his hand, around her wrist was wound her G-string, which she moved from her wrist to his. He nodded at her gesture.
"I wrote my number on my patch with a black Sharpie."
He stormed her with a kiss that took her breath away as he guided her backwards against the café wall. In the rush her hands went for his buckle, then his zipper. Lowering his jeans just enough his cock burst out into her hands. "HOLY SHIT!" She rallied at his size. Lifting her skirt up he held it in his teeth as he utilized both hands to hoist her 120 pound frame upward, her legs wrapping his waist. The penetration was breathtaking, the thrusts defying sanity. Phoenix, really Phoebe Rose gasped and tugged at his tank top, nails digging into his ribs ever so slightly. "So crazy."
"From the ashes...be reborn." He quoted himself. Maybe it was Albus Dumbledore. Regardless his words stabbed Phoenix through her very soul. Her shrill yelps at each magnificent crossing over her G-spot led her to moan louder and louder. Strangely, she didn't care who heard. Jobs like this were a dime a dozen. "Flare up Birdy." He prompted.
"FUCK ME! I love this cock."
"Fall for him."
"You want that?" She whimpered hitting her with a rapid array of thrusts, her eyes studying his expression. "You feel so fucking good inside me. A girl could get lost in this."
"Light your own way."
"You know just what to say don't you?"
"Most days. You're a stunning bird Phoenix."
"Your girl is pretty too. Why me?"
"Join the family. No...not some cult." He chuckles using one hand to tug her shoulder less blouse down to expose her breasts. Feasting on a nipple she instantly came on his cock.
"Family?"
"Yeah! My dick's here whenever you want it. Just know it's not only yours. It's whomever it selects. Getting mighty wet and sloppy down there Phoenix."
"I'm going to cum again. Shit!" She squeals and tenses up as he plants his hand around her throat. She melted almost instantaneously at his controlling fingers choking her in just the perfect compressions.
"Interested?"
"In fucking you again? HELL YES. Family? That sounds ominous."
"Just means know your sisters and accept the sharing. Life is pretty normal otherwise. I like sex, I like beautiful women. You're fucking gorgeous."
"Not so bad yourself Mister Macho. Tell me what you really want. I'm all ears."
"I want you to scream three more times over my cock before you head back inside."
"Three? Holy fuck." His rhythm increased, Zach Pedigo had mastered the perfection of timing and precision assault. The battery left any woman under the spell of insane ecstasy. Once..."ZZZZZACH!" Twice..."GOOOOOOOOOOOD!" Three times..."Count me in."
"Good girl. On your knees." He pulled out and dropped her legs. Down in two seconds she awaited Zach to put out her flames. Kissing his balls as he jerked off growling Zach tensed up for the final battle. Her mouth moves in front of his crown with expectation, he chose to ram his beast down her throat and play with fire. Hands gripping her head he face fucked her until he nutted down her throat. Her mascara was a mess. Pulling out of her mouth in a web of white he lifts her to her feet and kisses her hard, pinning her back to the wall again. In a blur Zach had second thoughts and whipped her body around to face the wall. Taking her from behind she yelped and palmed the bricks. "Changed my mind. Make it four."
"GOD YES!!" She cried out moaning with longevity. As they waged war another waitress decided to step out. One that actually smoked. Catching them Phoenix just laughs, "Don't knock it until you've tried it Jillian."
Shamelessly Jillian Foster tilted her head about to capture Zach's dick diving in deep and pulling out for a harder slam just after. Jillian blew smoke and smiled, "I am on break."
"Raincheck." He huffed slapping Phoenix on the ass multiple times. She came over his boy Hardy a fourth time in a clench of teeth that sounded bestial in breath. Pulling out of Phoenix Zach let her go and stood back facing Jillian and just jerked off as she watched. A shot heard...seen...around the block Jillian dropped her cigarette and stomped it out. Lighting up another she passes it to Phoenix.
"Here! You need this more than I do."
Jillian fanned her features as Zach zipped up and winked at her. Even though married Jillian enjoyed a good performance. A pat on her cheek Zach passed Jillian on the way inside. Concerned at how Phoenix was breathing, her breasts still hanging out in her frazzled state, Jillian helped pull the girl together. "You okay Phoenix?"
"YESSSSSSS! You really need to try that."
"Doug." Jillian fans her wedding ring.
"Oh, that man dug deep." Phoenix laughed catching her second wind.
"Back to work." Napkins fixed her mascara.
Inside, Zach caught Kyndal and Weaver's third song together, this one a toned down version of the song Lick It Up by KISS. Standing back with his arms crossed Zach listened to the kid. He was pretty good. Only Kyndal's tongue drew him away visually as she wagged it toward Zach. A point toward Khloe's seat found only the head of Brian in view. Wincing Zach approached the sofa from behind to discover Khloe still sucking off Brian. Nutting in silence Brian Randolph was a happy man. Heidi Baker to his left was slouched low with her skirt up high, fingers buried inside her pussy as she teased Weaver. His song choice inspiring her to wag her own tongue and show him hand horns.
"ROCK ON!" She bellowed.
Leaning over the sofa Zach snatched up Khloe's hair and pulled her face from Brian's crotch, the man's dick still frothing. Showing off her tongue full of jizz Khloe dazzled Zach with sparkling eyes. "Spit that on my kid."
Before Heidi could react Khloe crawled over Brian's lap and spit her captured load all over Heidi Baker's pubic region, her fingers coated in cum. Jaw dropped she snaps a glare up and over the couch at Zach. Grinning up a storm the blond spread Brian's jizz all over herself. As gross as the man was, her fetish didn't care. Onlookers did notice their bad behavior, not one turned them in.
"Let's go home." Zach snapped his fingers. Khloe hopped up and tugged her skirt down, it had risen high in her blowjob angle. One unblinking stare from Zach her skirt was pinched higher, cheeks peeking out from under was enough. Heidi? She licked her fingers and continued fingering herself, Weaver and Kyndal watching.
Khloe hugged Zach from the side and smiled, lifting her cell she showed him Kyndal's pictures. Eyes popping he looks up at Kyndal who shares a wink with him. Wincing at the Busker he lifts three fingers at her. Kyndal merely nodded back.
"Good job." He told Khloe, then withdrew his wallet to hand her money to place in Kyndal's hat. She returned quickly after her offering.
"Sucking off Brian, or talking Kyndal into a threesome?"
"Both."
"Did you...have fun outside with the waitress?"
"I did. Someone even watched the birdy."
Khloe locates Phoenix who fought hard not to make eye contact with her. Fear had crept in, feeling as if she cheated on her with Zach. Even though she was taking orders Khloe stepped away from Zach and approached the girl. Phoenix trembled in Khloe's oncoming gaze.
"I just blew Brian on the sofa in front of everyone." She whispered into the girls ear, having pulled her aside briefly.
"Whoa! People...saw you?"
"Yes. I heard many compliments."
"He's amazing. You're so lucky."
"We're so lucky. We should hang out sometime."
"I'd like that."
"Kyndal too. You know she's my sister right?"
"I remember. Cool."
"I would love to watch you and Zach have sex."
"After what he just did...I'd let the world watch my orgasms."
"That's something we can agree on. Friends?" Khloe extends a hand.
"Absolutely."
"See you soon."
A soft shared embrace later Khloe rejoined Zach and Heidi. Weaver done on stage was hard as a rock between watching Heidi and being so close to Kyndal. Applauded by the audience Weaver took a bow then walked out proudly with his pants pointing straight out. Heidi skipped behind him her own cheeks slipping out for observation. She wondered why her sister Kayla still hadn't shown up, she would text her from Weaver's van.
Zach sent the kids on outside, but hung back seeing Jillian. The thirty something beauty still had perfect curves even after two kids. Just to see if he could get away with it he snuck up on her and yanked her into a kiss. The brunette gasped as his lips pulled her in, for some reason she did not resist. As their lips parted she fanned her face with her order pad.
"Stop smoking, it's a bad habit."
"You make for a good nicotine patch. I'll consider it."
"More tongue if you do." He winked.
"Married Handsome." She wagged her ring finger again.
"Leave him at home."
As Zach turned away Jillian sighed loudly. Phoenix stepping next to her shared a smile. "I can give him your number too."
"Don't be silly." Jillian laughed, "Doug looks at my cell. Just let me know when you two hook up. I'll come watch again."
"Oh, no. If you come...you cum."
"Brat."
"Milf."
"You think? He's as old as me."
"Maybe he would hook you up with the pink mohawk."
"You're hilarious."
Jillian needed another Pall Mall Light.