After some warmup with old perv Mr Mieczyslaw, Weronika got back to her group.
"Good slut," said Marek and touched her cheek gently, then he attached a longer chain to the collar. Just like a leash. And started walking with Weronika - still almost naked with just butterfly shaped clamps as bra and white short shorts - back to Rafal's apartment. He was taking his time, stopping on every floor. Weronika was blushing, she was hoping no one would exit and see her like that. Or did she?
Then Marta - their hot neighbor and a Weronika's friend from university - appeared, she was going shopping. "Wow, Weronika, great outfit," she said.
"Thanks Marta," replied Weronika, "could we take a picture together?" she added when she saw that Marek was taking his phone out.
"Sure," replayed Marta, and standed near Weronika putting her arm around Weronika's waist. Marek took a couple pictures of her. Marta was getting bolder with every pic. She put her hand higher, right under Weronika's clamped breast. Weronika in turn shoved a bit more cleavedge on Marta, by pulling her top a bit down. Marek was taking pictures and he was sending them to someone. Anna saw from Weronika's expression that she loved the attention, none of the girls rushed him. Marta unzipped Weronika's shorts, she took them down, and because Weronika had no underwear she spreaded Weronika's pussy lips for Marek to take picture.
Weronika then tried to take Marta's top, but she refused by saing "No Weronika, that will be enough for today, maybe let's meet some later. Now I have to go."
"I understand Marta, thx for the fun!" Weronika replied.
Marta just gave a short kiss to Weronika, smiled at her and runned downstairs. The group went up. They just stopped from time to time. Marek wanted to take more pictures of Weronika. Movies too, with her moaning from pain and pleasure when he was pulling the chain connected to her breasts. She was posing for him, she didn't rush him inside. She was allowing him to do everything to her.
They got back to the apartment. "Bend over for me, I want to see if your ass is as tight as it was before," said Marek. Weronika did as she was told. She got down to her fours, spreading her butt, he was taking another picture and sending it to someone. He tried to put a finger inside her. Her hole resisted him for a moment.
"Soo tight, I will enjoy this very much," said Marek. "I think you are wondering to whom I am sending all those pictures?" asked Marek, and Weronika just nodded expectantly at him. "After our last fun, I posted them on a forum that I am a member of, and one of the colleagues from there replied that he knew you. Does the name Aron sound familiar to you?" Anna saw in Weronika's eyes a glimmer of recognition, then hate and fear.
"Who that was?" wondered Anna.
"He said that you were mean to him, that you didn't want to serve him," continued Marek. "Is that true?" Weronika was speechless, she could only nod with fear.
"Aron is a jerk, with whom Weronika is working at the store. He was always cruel to her. She literally hates him," wrote Rafal in the group chat, so Anna would know who they were talking about. Now Anna understood Weronika's fear and embarrassment. But on the other hand, she saw a chance for easy victory. Weronika will say she has enough, and this will end soon.
But to her surprise, "I am ready to serve now Marek, I will do anything for you today," Weronika said.
"Let's test that," Marek smiled and tightened the screws on the nipple clamps on Weronika's breasts. Anna saw that she was in pain, no pleasure this time. After one rough play with her previous boyfriend, she couldn't wear a bra for a couple of days. Now Weronika is enduring much more. She didn't envy her.
Marek pulled by the chain on her breast, forcing Weronika to stand. Then he wrapped a chain to some hook for hanging flowers beneath the ceiling. Weronika had to stand on her toes to ease her pain. He moved in closer to her. They started to kiss. He was playing with her large tits. Not helping with her pain. From time to time, a moan mixed of pleasure and pain escaped Weronika's lips. He took another photo and sent it to Aron.
Then he showed everyone Aron's message, "Are you enjoying the show? Ready for more?" Marek hit Weronika's tits one more time, she gasped in pain, then he released her from the hook. She dropped to her knees, massaging her aiking breasts. But she didn't take the clamps.
"Good slut," he commended her obedience. Weronika smiled with pleasure that she could satisfy him.
"Thank you," she said, "I am here to serve, I want you to be happy with me," she added.
Marek took off his trousers, gave his phone to Rafal, "Could you take pictures, while I will be fucking her? Send them to Aron, please," he said.
"Of course," responded Rafał, and quickly created a second private group for him, Aron, Anna, Weronika and Marek so they all could enjoy the pictures. Anna was wondering if she should join? But she was too hypnotized by the scene, so she could not refuse. She quickly joined the group. She wrote hello to Aron, with short information about who she is. Aron also wrote hello to her, and asked her how she looked? Should she respond to that? Weronika said, he was mean to her, but maybe they just started from the wrong foot and he wasn't that bad? She decided to be polite. And responded, that she is a slim blond, with long straight hair. With a little hesitation she added that she has a small ass, and her breasts are nearly as large as Weronika's.
"Wow, Anna you are hot, it's nice to meet you. Could you post a photo of yourself?" replayed Aron. Anna smiled, decided that he wasn't that bad, and sent a photo of herself in some modest pose, but with her breasts shape and size clearly visible under her top.
Aron replied with an emoji, "Anna, let us enjoy the show, we will talk later," he added. Anna was watching the show all right. One from a live call with Rafal - he put his phone so that it would capture everything - and on the pictures that he was taking and posting in the other chat.
Meanwhile Marek was taking Weronika from behind. Anna was sure, he wasn't fucking her ass just yet. He must have been saving that for later. But he was rough with her. Anna could hear the clapping of his body against Weronika's butt. Her moaning from pleasure. Marek ordered her to change position. To raid his dick from the top. He also took the chain connected to her breasts, so whenever she was raising from his dick, she was pulling her nipples. Anna especially liked one picture that Rafal captured. With Weronika face in grimace of pain and pleasure when she was raising to impale herself on Marek's thick dick and Marek pulled her chain roughly to torment Weronika's tits even more.
Then a message from Aron appeared in group chat. "Anna, do you like it? I would fuck you the same way."
Anna blushed, no one before said something like that to her. What she should reply. She wanted to write that her breasts are too sensitive, but instead, "Yes, I like it, and I would like that very much," she wrote. She couldn't believe she actually wrote that. But dip down, she knew it was true. She wanted that.
Aron again responded with an emoji and a message, "Could you post a picture of yourself topless?" Could she? This time she didn't hesitate for long, she took her top off. She unclasped her bra, took a picture and posted it in the chat.
Marek took a break from fucking Weronika, so Rafał took the oportunity and showed him a picture from Anna. Marek took a look at the messages, stared a moment on a picture, he showed it also to Weronika.
She smiled, "Anna you are looking lovely," she said to the camera. "Show us some more, so Marek could also enjoy your views," she added. Anna was wondering what they would like to see her do, then she knew! She pinched her breast a little and posted a picture.
"I love that, show us your ass, while I will throat fuck Weronika thinking that is your thight little butt," Marek said. Weronika kneeled before him obediently waiting for him to enter her mouth. When Anna stripped naked, bent to the camera and posted a picture of herself, Marek entered Weronika's mouth. He got deep, she was choking on his dick, but he held her down by her head. Not releasing her. He was thrusting inside Weronika a couple of times, while Anna was posting more pictures of herself in different poses. On her knees, bent over, touching entry to her ass. She heard slurping sounds of Marek's dick against Weronika's throat, she was ecstatic knowing it was for her.
"Enough with the fun, Weronika deserves a punishment for being impolite to me," Aron posted a message. "Would you agree Anna?" he asked a moment later. Would she agree? He was nothing but polite to her, and after all she still wanted to win this challenge.
"Yes," she wrote, "it's time for Marek to start working on Weronika's gape, as he promised." Marek reached for his backpack and pulled some things. What was that? Anna couldn't recognize some of the items. Then she understood. There were three butt plugs of different sizes, one was really large. Just a bit smaller than Marek's fist. Some rope. And the last item was a speculum. He took nipple clamps from Weronika breasts. Allowing them to rest a little. But first he hitted them hard, while they were still very sensitive. Weronika cried in pain. Marek stood in front of her and pointed at his dick. Weronika kneeling eagerly started to suck it. She knew he liked deep. So she was trying to take him as deep as she could. He was helping her, when she wasn't able to take him whole. He was clearly getting closer to cumming. Weronika was helping herself with a hand, she really wanted him to be happy with her. Just a couple more thrusts inside her mouth and he released a load into her. Rafał took a picture with Marek's cumm in Weronika's mouth. Weronika swallowed it all, and smiled at her Master.
"Good slut," he commended her, stroking her head gently. Weronika was proud of herself. "Now let me prepare you," Marek said, "put your hands behind your head, and present your tits", he ordered her. She did as she was told, then he took the rope and started to tie it around Weronika breasts, they popped even more, squeezed by the rope. He was tightening it really hard, the skin on her breasts was stretched to the limits. She was in clear pain. He allowed her moment to get used to the feeling.
"Ready?" he asked.
"Yes, I am yours, punish me, I deserved it," she responded. "Please don't hold back", she added with just a hint of fear. He smiled, and hitted her breasts. She screamed in pain. He hitted her again. She sobbed a little. But quickly composed herself.
"Thank you," she said and smiled at him, he kissed her passionately, caressing gently her tormented breasts. Then he attached the nipple chain again. Weronika was in agony. Anna thought that this is it, she will win. Weronika will not endure it. But to her surprise, only with a shadow of pain in Weronika's expression, she smiled to Marek ready for more. Then he ordered her to bend over and spread her ass for him. Weronika did as she was told. Marek took the smallest plug first. He was moving around the entry to her tight hole. The hole resisted just for a moment, and then he pushed it hard inside her. Weronika squilled for a moment, but quickly was ready for more.
"Anna I would like to see you like that. Post a picture of yourself with something in your ass," Aron wrote another message. Anna was so aroused, that she couldn't refuse. And she was thinking about the same thing. Aron just motivated her more to do it. She found a lipstick, she was so wet in there that she didn't have any problems sliding the tube inside her. She inserted it a couple of times, it was so pleasant, she imagined that Aron was doing that to her. She quickly posted a couple pictures of her in different poses.
"Which one do you like the most Aron?" she asked him.
"The one were we can see your smilling face, you clearly like anal, don't you?" he answered. She liked the lipsting going in and out of her. He understood her.
"I never tried that before, but I think I like it," she was smiling to herself while writing.
Again he answered with emoji. "Soon, Anna, soon you will try it with me," he added. She smiled, and turned her attention to Marek. He was just inserting a second plug in to Weronika's ass. This time it didn't go as smooth as before. She was clearly struggling, the plug was stretching her, her breasts started to get a little purpure from the rope.
"Could this be it?" Anna thought.
But again after a moment, she was ready for more.
"Could I have a wish, Master?" Weronika asked. "I want to feel Rafal's dick inside my ass as first."
"Of course, your man comes first," Marek smiled while responding. He did some room for Rafał. Took his phone from him. She bended for Rafał, he removed the plug from Weronika's ass, and he took her bum doggy style. He wasn't gentle. He knew she wouldn't want him to be. He fucked her hard. Her tits normally would bounce - the view that he enjoyed so much - but they were so swollen and they were just moving to the tempo. He took out his dick from her for a moment, to allow everyone to see how nice her gaping ass now looked. Then he shoved his dick inside her as hard as he could. He forgot himself for a moment, and started to play with her tits. Only after a moment remembering how sensitive they now became, but she was enjoying his dick inside her, she just moaned more. So while he was thrusting inside her, he ripped the chain from her breasts. She screamed in agony and pleasure.
Marek was recording them, and posted it to his forum. The group learned later that it was a very popular post, everyone liked that action.
Rafał allowed Weronika a moment of rest. He was stroking her back, kissing her, hugging her. She was feeling so safe with him. During that moment, Anna decided that she wanted to make a surprise for Aron, and she found some perfume bottle and put inside her ass for Aron to see. But her ass was just too tight for it.
"Weronika endured it and she liked it, so will I," she thought to herself and pushed hard inside her. She took a photo, and posted it with a question "Aron, do you like the view?"
"Yes, I like it very much. You will be a great fuck toy Anna. When they will start fucking again, record yourself playing with that bottle in your ass," Aron ordered her in a chat.
Marek showed that photo to Weronika and Rafał. Rafał got incredibly aroused by the sight of Anna with a perfume bottle in her tight hole. He saw how the skin surrounded the bottle, nearly swallowing it. He grabed Weronika by the hair, the move she so enjoyed, and started to fuck her ass again. He knew he couldn't hold long this time, So he pushed her closer to the floor, and held her hands behind her back. Weronika couldn't protect her breasts with her hands held and her swollen tits were riding on the floor, swiping it roughly with her nipples, with every thrust she moaned more and more. Knowing she will not be able to put a bra for a week. He laid on her with all his weight, effectively crushing her tits with their combined weight. He thrusted couple of times into her ass with all his strength, then he came inside her. He was so tired, he rested on her for a moment, she was so soft and delicate. After a moment, he got up, helped her to get on her knees. He gently shook some dust from Weronika's breasts. He looked at her smiling beautiful face, that he so liked to look at. He kissed gently her, and her nipples.
"Thank you, I love you," she whispered into his ear. Then she kneeled before him and took his dick into her mouth to clean it and not to waste any of his juices. When she finished, she got up, "Can I refresh myself, before we will continue?" she asked Marek.
"Yes, my slut," he responded with a smile, "but first, you deserve a reward for your good behaviour." If pride would give you wings, Weronika would be flying now. Her Master was pleased with her performance. But now it was not the time for this, she reminded herself. Straightened and presented her tormented tits for inspection. Marek came to her, untied the rope on her breasts. There were some small wounds in places where skin didn't endure the torment and cracked under Rafal's weight. Now released from the only thing that was holding her breast up - the rope - they almost immediately sagged. They looked like balloons without air, all wrinkled and with damaged skin. Her perfectly shaped, large, young breasts, now they were looking nothing like before. Marek started to rub them gently, to help the flow of blood get to her breasts again. The pain was excruciating, but she would not cry. Now she was Marek's bitch, she had to please him. She trusted him with her life. When Marek was done, he caressed her cheek with affection.
"Rafal, could you take a picture of her now?" asked Marek.
Anna admired the photo. Rafał sperm was dripping from Weronika's ass, her breasts looked awful, her makeup was a mess from tears of joy and pain, but she looked beautiful - in a sense.
"Damage to your breasts is not permanent, you are still young and with some time and cosmetics they will return to their previous beauty," lectured Marek, "I understand Rafal, you got carried away for a moment, all of us do that sometimes, but you must learn to control yourself. Role of a Dom requires self restraint. I will teach you. So now, tell us, what made you do it?"
Both Weronika and Anna focused on Rafał, they were very curious what he will say? Weronika still standing at attention, and Anna in her apartment. Still getting used to the feeling of having something stretching her slim butt.
"When I saw that photo of Anna," responded Rafał with no remorse in his voice, "beautiful, shy, gentle Anna, with a bottle filling her small ass. I knew that my Weronika will endure everything today, and then Anna will have to submit to us and whatever pleasures we will plan for her. This added me streanght, and I imagined for a moment, that I'm fucking Anna's little ass, that I'm destroying her bautiful tits," with this words, Weronika came to him, hugged him, kissed passionately.
"I understand my love, you needed to do this. We will get better with Marek's help, I promise," Weronika said to Rafał with affection in her voice.
Then she kneeled, grabbed the nipple-chain that Rafał ripped from her during their play, got up again and gave it to Rafał. Then she stood at attention, presenting her tormented tits. Looking at him with complete love and understanding. Rafał smiled at her, hitted with force her breasts. One time, second time. Weronika didn't even blink. He twisted roughly her nipples. He spanked her butt. Then he attached the chain to her nipples, she looked at him with love and gratefulness in her eyes, and he led her by the chain to Marek.
"Your slut is ready to serve," said Rafał with pride and gave the chain to Marek.
Anna in her apartment was shocked, how could he say something like that? He wanted to do that to her? She thought they were friends. This was the thoughts of her conscious part, but deep down she also understood. She now even started to root for Weronika, so she would be part of the next challenge. She will do this, no matter what, she decides at that moment.
"I also understand Rafał, and I can't wait for my challenge. I just hope that Aron will be part of it," Anna wrote in the group chat, and posted a video that Aron requested, while Rafał was fucking Weronika.
Rafał and Aron both complemented her movie.
"Anna, I will make a great anal whore from you, just like Weronika is now," Aron added.
Anna smiled when she read their responses. But now it was time for the finale. Weronka got back from the bathroom, where she cleaned herself, Marek removed the nipple chain, to not torment her tits for now, and she was getting to her position. Kneeling and sticking her ass out to him, ready to be fisted.
Marek gave her couple hard spanks, to prepare her for what was coming. Anna saw fear in Weronika's eyes, but also determination. She genuinely wanted to please her Master now. Both her Masters. Marek and Rafał.
"Anna," said Marek to the camera, "since this was your challenge. I will let you choose what will happen now. I can use my fingers to stretch Weronika's ass again, or I can use a speculum. What should be the tool of ass-destruction Anna?" he allowed himself to crack a joke. Anna was terrified, what should she choose? She didn't want to prolong Weronika's pain, but she also didn't want the challenge to be too easy? She remembered how Marek was stretching Weronika's ass last time. Gape was really large. She thought that with speculum the gape may be even more impressive. Did she want to see her like that again? Yes!
"I want you to stretch her ass with that metal tool you have. And don't be gentle with her as I wouldn't want for you to be gentle with me!" she quickly wrote her response. Rafał read the response to Marek, and Aron congratulated her on her choice, adding that he can not wait to do the same to her. She sended him kisses.
Marek slide in 3 fingers, they came easly, Weronika's ass was alraedy loose from hard anal that Rafał gave her just a moment ago. He started to spread her.
"Weronika," said Marek, "last time I was gentle, and I wanted you to also enjoy that moment. But last time you didn't want me to continue. Now I want to enjoy myself fully and not have to think about your comfort. To be honest I want to hurt you, but I will not damage you. If I will start, I won't stop until I am satisfied with my work. You can say it now and we will finish this session. I will ask you one more time, do you want to be my slave?" to add meaning to his words, he pulled her hole apart with force. Anna could see on a picture that Rafał took, that the gape was already bigger than the last time. Weronika nearly fell to the floor, but she quickly got up and turned to Marek. Anna saw on Weronika's face a smile with just flashes of pain. Pain, because Marek didn't stop spreading her, he didn't want to ease her pain. He wanted her to understand what was coming.
"Yes Master, I am your slave, to be used however my Master will desire. My pleasure will come from giving you satisfaction," she didn't hesitate for a moment and replied with conviction. She gently stroked the hands that were spreading her.
Marek got her up, pushed her against the table, and inserted a speculum in her ass. With every twist of the screw, her butt hole was better visible. Anna saw Weronika clenching her teeth, her determination not to cry.
Marek stopped turning the screws, and entered her pussy with his dick. He grabbed her by the hair. He fucked her roughly, while the speculum was still spreading her ass. Marek moved her again, this time in Rafal direction.
"Let's use this bitch to the fullest. Fuck her throat, I will spread her mouth for you," said Marek to Rafal.
"Anna could you send us some pictures of you? This whore is not enough for me right now," Rafał said to the camera.
Anna posted some pictures of her new gape, that the perfume bottle done to her. Not as big hole as Weronika had, but also a nice one. Rafał was looking at the photos, while Weronika stroked his dick, to help him get up again.
Anna smiled to herself, when she saw that her pictures aroused Rafał and he was ready again.
"Rafal, honey, imagine that it is my throat that you will be fucking," Anna wrote in a chat, and posted another photo of herself kneeling and with her lips spread, ready to take a dick.
Marek reached from behind, to Weronika's mouth, and spread her, not allowing her to close it. Rafał entered her with force, every thrust was choking her, gagging her. Anna observed this action on her phone, it was so hot, she wanted to try that too. Those two stallions fucking Weronika. Rafal in her mouth and Marek in her pussy. Anna took some pictures of herself while masturbating, she wanted to let Arron know that this is what she wanted next.
Meanwhile, Marek left poor Weronika, and removed speculum from her ass. Rafał was holding his cock on Weronika's face, and was taking some pictures.
"That was the most fantastic fuking I ever had," said Weronika, when Rafał finished taking pictures, and she got her breath under control again. "I want to feel you both again in me, please. I need this," she added.
"That is for speaking without permission, slave," said Marek and spanked Weronika's butt hard. "But I am in a good mood, so I will do you a favor this time," he added.
"Rafał, let's double penetrate this bitch's ass," said Marek.
Rafał got down on the floor, Weronika already knew what she needed to do, so she laid down on Rafal. She took his dick in her hand, and guided it inside her. His dick entered without any problem, the metal tool that she had there just a moment before, did it's job in loosening her.
Marek joined them, and started putting his dick. Head of his cock, entered smoothly, Weronika was moaning a little. But to put more, he needed to push harder. Weronika's ass was still too small for both of them. Weronika started to moan louder.
"It's a shame that Aron is not here, he would gag this bitch with his cock," said Marek and spanked her again, and again.
"Here honey, bite on this, it will help you," said Rafal and showed her the rope that she was bound before. Weronika smiled with gratefulness and kissed him passionately to say thank you.
Rafał started to stroke her back, her tormented breasts, he wanted to prepare her for what was coming, and to make it easier for her. She hugged him, then she reached behind her, and spreaded her ass cheeks, to also help Marek enter her.
"You are very brave Weronika, you can make it," wrote Anna in a chat. She could not take her eyes from the video.
Marek started to push again, Weronika bit down hard on the rope. Marek was pushing more and more. In Weronika's eyes some tears appeared. Marek stopped, but he didn't take his dick out. He allowed her a moment of rest. She turned to him, and nodded, signaling to him, that she was ready. Marek started to push again. His dick was already quite deep inside her, but still no way near to his full length. He was able to move back and forth inside her, and he started to do so. Weronika let go of the rope, and started to moan again. Marek with every thrust was entering her deeper, and deeper. Weronika with every thrust was making more of those loud "oh yes" sounds. Marek was getting near, and Rafal took his dick out of her, to make him more room there, and allow him to fuck her harder. He stated to fuck her pussy. They both again were double penetrating her. Marek grabbed her hair for those couple last thrusts, and pulled hard. Forcing Weronika to straighten. Rafał in turn grabbed her by the throat, and started choking her. All three of them came in the same moment. Rafał in Weronika's pussy, Marek in her ass.
They stayed in that position for a moment, they needed a rest. Anna masturbating in her apartment came seconds later. She took some pictures of herself for Arron.
"Anna, this was a magnificent show, don't you think? Next time you will be our main star," worte Arron in a chat. "I will post all your pictures and movies in our forum, so the others could write what they think about you" he added.
"I would like that very much," Anna responded," and I'm also very curious of what they will say about me," she added and noticed that the group in the video were slowly getting up. Weronika got to her knees and cleaned both men.
"Weronika, you satisfied my desires today," said Marek to her. Weronika quickly got up, and hugged him happily.
"I'm so glad Master, this was the best day of my life," she told him, and kissed him. Then she moved to Rafał to also thank him.
"Rafał honey, thank you for this, I love you so much," she then told Rafal.
"Go clean yourself, you look awful," responded Rafał playfully to her. She hugged him again and ran to the bathroom.
"Now that you are free, will you allow me to just take some pictures of your beautiful body. Your tormented tits, your gaping hole?" asked Marek, when she got back.
"Of course, you know you can always count on that," she responded, walked to him, hugged him, she knew he would like that and she also needed that. They kissed, and as usual he hitted her breasts to see them bounce. This time she didn't even squint, she was just smiling at him and she moved her hands behind her to disturb him. He took some pictures, then she bended for him without even him needing to ask her to do that. He took a look at her beautiful small ass.
"Spread it for me," he ordered her. She obediently put some fingers inside and started to spread. She noticed how easily now it was. Marek recorded this and later posted all the movies and pics in his forum. Anna and Weronika both had their own subcategories now.
"Weronika, my desire is complete," he said, caressing her ass gently. He got up, cleaned himself and took his toys.
"One more thing, Weronika, a month from now, there is a ball in my university. I want you to accompany me," said Marek before leaving.
"Of course, I owe you so much, It will be my pleasure," responded Weronika. Marek smiled and left. Leaving the loving couple alone.
Weronika now needed to rest in her man's arms, but before that she took her phone, sended some photos of this great action to Mr Mieczyslaw as she promised him she would do, and also wrote in the group chat: "Anna, you heard that? Marek was happy with me. I won! Now it's your turn to serve!".
And this time Anna wasn't afraid, she actually was looking forward to it.