Richard's office was located on the third floor of a three-story building, and the windows faced the street. Across the street, on ground level, was a coffee shop. The space was rented so that Richard would have someplace quiet to write, asides from his home office. He loved natural light, so kept the windows curtain free and sometimes when his mind drifted he'd watch the street life below. Asides from the coffee shop, there was also a yoga studio, salad shop and a couple of clothing stores.
Less than a month into his lease, he realized a certain morning ritual took place each day. The yoga studio had early morning classes that ran about 90 minutes, and afterwards several of the students grabbed a coffee before heading out. It didn't take a rocket science to figure out this was a good time to grab a joe refill and enjoy the view. After a few visits, some of the ladies began to look familiar. One morning, Richard started a conversation with one of the regulars.
She was an ebony goddess. A full tight compact bottom, thin waste, small firm breasts, long light brown wavy hair, sparkly eyes, gorgeous smile and brilliant. It was this last feature that made Richard repeatedly seek her out. It wasn't long before they'd engage in ten minutes or so of conversation each day. Laughing at the government, business follies in the news and she always seemed to have some little science scoop to divulge. A few weeks later, and they called one another friends. Her name was Minet.
About this time, they both discovered they had a common interest—running. It also explained why she routinely ordered a small cappuccino, so she could run shortly afterwards. A week later, Minet asked if Richard would be interested in joining her for a five-mile jog. She was clear it wasn't a date, just that some days it might be fun to have a running partner. He accepted.
Two months later, and they were running at least three times a week. Usually, just for five or six miles, but sometimes the two put in a long ten miler. A tradition followed, that after long runs they would reward ourselves with a cold beer. It was afterwards, she learned of Richard's office location and that he was a writer. They both assumed the other had procured some suds, and both were wrong. Fortunately, Richard had a bottle of bubbly in the office and offered it as an alternative. Minet accepted and walked with him up to his office.
"This is where you work?" she asked after entering the space.
"Most of the time. Sometimes I like to break it up, write at home or in a coffee shop," he answered.
o
"This is great Richard. Wow, I'm impressed." It was a nice spot. The tw windows were fifteen feet wide and run from waist height up to the ceiling. One on each corner. Between them was an old slab of redwood converted to a desk, and along the non-entrance wall a floor to ceiling bookshelf. A large sofa was next to the office door, and at the end of it old ice box that had been converted by a friend to a modern refrigerator. Inside it was a chilled bottle of bubbles, along with various lunch items, veggies and health drinks. "Why do you even leave this place?" Minet had spotted his pour over coffee apparatus. "You have everything you need here."
"Well, sometimes writing gets lonely and one does need contact with other people. Plus, certain people can often inspire traits in a character."
"Are you saying that you're using me as a basis for a character in a book?" Minet asked with a half serious tone.
"Yes, I'm writing about a MMA fighter and basing his personality on yours," Richard answered with a chuckle. "No, what I do is spot someone that is interesting or unique, or does something differently, and I might take that and merge it into one of my characters."
"I'm not sure I'm following you."
"You know the barista downstairs, that is really quiet, and has a pony tail?"
"Yes, but its weird, I don't even know his name," Minet answered.
"Sergei. He was home schooled and started at the uni two years ago. He loves taking time-lapse pictures of stars from atop large mountains. So, he not only climbs up there, but will hang there alone for a few days. He's also athletic. From a standing position he's able to jump onto the top of a six-foot refrigerator. For me, I see those traits as interesting and someday want to transplant them into one of my characters. Not him, just a couple of his traits."
"Interesting. You write fiction, correct?"
"Mostly, some short research think pieces," Richard replied.
"Do you have anything I could read?" Minet asked.
"Sure," he answered as he grabbed a novel off the bookcase and handed it to her.
"What's this?"
"It's a love story. About an addict who must choose between the woman he loves and the drugs that control him. It got some acclaim, but I'll warn you, it is sad, dark and does not involve a happy ending. About a decade ago I penned it."
"This isn't your name on the cover?" Minet asked suspiciously.
"Its my pen name. When outside I prefer to keep anonymous. On the inside of the back cover is a grainy picture. You'll recognize it, but intentionally it is not too clear."
"Shit, that is you. Wow, Richard. I'm impressed. I will read it."
"Now that the cat is out of the bag, what do you do?"
"I'm a professional athlete and model."
"What?" Richard exclaimed.
"Really, you don't recognize me?"
"No," he stated with more than a spattering of embarrassment.
"Gotcha," Minet stated with a broad smile. "Actually, I'm a pharmacist. I cover late night shifts which gives me some weekday flexibility to pursue other interests. I hate it. The job is a glorified pill counter. So, last year I wrapped up my MBA and on Tuesdays and Thursdays I intern at a pharmaceutical development business. I'm hoping to pick up full time work there once I finish my internship."
"Cool, now I have a drug source," Richard tossed back as he fetched the champagne.
"Very funny. Is that too much for us?" Minet asked just as the pop lifted off.
"You can try to put the cork back on, or limit yourself to two glasses. Choice is yours."
"Ok, I know those corks do not ever fit back on. Just two glasses though." Richard poured the first glass and the two discussed different places they liked to run in the city. As the conversation flowed, he noticed Minet's nipples were peeking through her running bra. While he was thrilled with her mind, he also tried to keep from ogling her body. Often, he selected single trails to run with her so that he could follow her lead and take in the view of her behind that he found splendid.
As the conversation detoured through various topics, Richard refilled their glasses and gently inquired about Minet's love life. She hesitatingly revealed that she'd ended a two-year relationship several months ago and was currently dating a special person. When she inquired of Richard's status, he let her know that eighteen months ago his wife had asked for a divorce and since then he hadn't really dated, but elected to use the time to clear his head. Minet felt a small rush when she uncovered his single status.
Midway through the second glass, Minet spoke up excitedly. "Shit, I forgot to tell you something. I signed up for a half-marathon and really want to set a PR. Care to join me? I'm daring you?"
"I'll cheer you on, and help any way I can, but I'm not a racer. Although I do like dares. Sometimes. My ex-wife spent most of her weekends galivanting around the country as she was an event organizer and focused on race events. However, I'd be happy to help you or coach you. I used to run them and know a bit about prep work. What would you like your PR to be?"
"Hoping to bust 1:55. Crazy, right?" Minet laughed. "I'll take just a speck more of the juice."
"Sorry, its gone. There's only four glasses in a bottle."
"Shit. No wonder I'm having so much fun. I should probably let you get to work, and I do need to shower. Seriously, you'd coach me?"
"Of course. Your goal isn't an easy one, but I think your capable. Or, will be after I've put you through the ringer," Richard answered.
"Deal. You are on. Start tomorrow morning?" Minet stated excitedly. Having a coach would be fun, especially someone so easy to hang with as Richard. She realized the cool air of the office had caused her nipples to harden but also knew it was not responsible for the dampness she felt. Part of her wanted to stay, to sip away another bottle and, maybe, just maybe, exchange a kiss or two with Richard. But she was dating another and couldn't. The realization of what her body craved motivated her. She gathered her keys and left abruptly claiming she had an appointment she'd forgotten about.
Richard was saddened by her swift departure. His cock had tingled with lust at the repeated chances to freely witness Minet's rear, emerging nipples and adorable smile. After she left, Richard spent the rest of the day developing a detailed running schedule. They had a little less than six months to get her in great shape.
The two made a good team. Richard not only had her running a variety of short distances, slow long runs, sprints, but also had her swim twice a week and steered her to a runner's diet. Three months later, the results were noticeable. She could easily hold a nine-minute pace for seven miles, and her body was stunning. While Minet's breasts shrank a size, her bottom had grown and become firmer, while her legs would rival those of any model. They'd also gotten comfortable.
Minet often ran in short shorts and with only a sports bra on top. She'd become habituated to Richard's eye "secretly" eyeing her ass and firm breasts. Internally, she viewed it as a compliment and sometimes she let her imagination roll. Maybe, after the race, she'd drink too much and, well, have a towel slip off unexpectedly after a show or something. Richard's thoughts were more specific. Often, he worked devilishly to conceal his firming cock.
With two months left, the unexpected happened. After a twelve-mile long run, Minet insisted on doing a series of squats and wind-sprints not far from Richard's office. She pushed herself too hard. In the final squat, she thought someone had stabbed or sliced the back of her thigh and buttocks. It wasn't a freak attack. She'd pulled a hamstring and was barely able to walk the two blocks to Richard's office.
Once inside, he had her lay face down on the couch then pulled an ice bag from refrigerator and wrapped it in small towel. He placed this on the back of her left buttock and leg. "Do you think I've blown it for the race?" Minet asked timidly.
"I don't know. You need to see a doctor and probably push through a rigorous physical therapy regimen. After that I'd talk with your doctor again. If it's a bad, I think your done, but if minor then maybe."
"Fuck!"
Richard sat beside her and gently rubbed her back. "I'm going to softly massage your leg. Tell me how it feels, especially if it hurts badly."
"Ok."
"If a specific spot hurts more than the other areas make sure you let me know." With these words out, Richard removed the ice bag and started to gently caress the back of Menit's thigh. Delicately, he glided his hands up and down her hamstring, slowly probing deeper to identify the point of injury.
"Right there," Minet muttered, and up higher. Richard knew hamstring injuries usually affected one's buttocks, but he was extra careful to avoid this region. "You've looked at it enough, might as well touch it. Just for diagnosis purposes."
"What are you talking about?" Richard let out knowing damn well what she meant.
"My ass. You can massage it too. I won't bite you." Richard guided his fingers upwards and lightly probed her left cheek. "Closer inside, near my crack. Yes, there. Rub it a little deeper."
Richard complied, yet was embarrassed by his hardening unit. Her ass had formed into a perfect specimen under his guidance. "Does that help?" he asked as his fingers pushed deep into her rear dangerously close to her crack and sex.
"Pull up the edge of my shorts, apply the ice for a bit and then rub it again. It feels almost gone when you massage it." Slowly, Richard complied with her request. After the ice bag was on, he grabbed Minet two Advil and poured her a glass of sauvignon blanc. She laid still for almost ten minutes, then requested that the ice be removed.
Once the ice was off, Richard continued the massage. Pressing his fingers deeply, then marching them up slowly to press on her sources of pain to stimulate blood flow. With the cuff of her shorts edged up, the half moon of her ass was visible. Blood flowed freely into Richard's little head. He was hard.
The massage and proximity of Richard's fingers to Minet's sex did not go unnoticed. She felt the coolness of the ice, but also a trickle of warm moisture foaming from her entrance. At one point, she simply wished that Richard would pull down and remove her running shorts. Surely, he'd be surprised to learn she never ran with panties, but how would he react to the unobstructed view of her womanhood. As his fingers rubbed her bottom, inches away from her sex, she visualized how it would feel to have Richard's cock penetrate her.
It was these impure thoughts that prompted Minet to sit up and limp to her car. She thanked Richard for his care and promised to check in tomorrow after her appointment. After she left, Richard felt he must have offended her. Alas, he did not know she retreated to her apartment to release her desires.
The next morning, Minet met with a sport's physician who diagnosed her injury as a secondary hamstring strain. He prescribed two weeks of physical therapy and thought she might have a chance at the race, yet warned her if the injury worsened for any reason, she'd be finished for a long spell. Five hours later, she met with the physical therapist for her first treatment.
Shortly after five, she exited the physical therapist's office barely able to contain her tears. She knew the fellow she'd been dating was unavailable as it was after five and a week night, so instead she drove to Richard's office hoping he was still there. He was. She did not knock, but instead walked into his office unexpectedly, catching Richard by surprise typing away at his computer. Two steps in, and tears streamed out of her eyes.
"What's wrong?" Richard exclaimed. "Is it a tear?"
"No, just a strain, and the doctor says I can maybe run the race, but, but..." barely emerged from Minet's mouth before a series of sobbing took over.
"But what?" asked Richard.
"The physical therapy is $150 an hour, and my shitty insurance only covers $50 per session. There is no way I can afford it three days a week. My budget is tight because of the internship. I can pick up hours at the pharmacy, but I'm supposed to be off my feet for most of the day, so can't. I don't know what to do," Minet squeaked as another bucket of tears prepared for their entrance into Richard's office.
"What kind of therapy did they prescribe?" Minet was unable to answer this question for a few minutes. With effort, she was able to control her motions and answered. "Just ice, heat, stretches and massage. A week later, more of the same, but with a mild workout added in. And two weeks after that, I can start jogging."
"That doesn't sound so complicated. We could do it here," Richard volunteered.
"What?"
"We could do it here. I bet there is even a standard protocol for PT treatment of hamstring strains we can find on the internet." He was right, and it took less then an hour to locate. Richard failed to disclose his father was a physical therapist. Despite this nondisclosure, Minet agreed to try their experiment out for a week.
A week later, she agreed to continue with Richard's therapy. At this stage, Minet had developed a routine. She'd arrive to his office, remove her pants or skirt, and hike up one side of her panties until it was pulled into her butt crack. The exposure was titillating for both parties and after a week it still sparked a thrill.
Two more sessions went by without incident, except during the last one Minet arrived in a short tank top. During the session it crept up her back. Richard responding by giving her a low back massage. This was in addition to the leg treatment which now included alternating hot/cold therapies, light resistance exercises followed by a deep leg and buttocks massage.
On Thursday, Minet planned to go out to a small club with several of her co-workers. She called Richard to reschedule the appointment for the following day, however, he had to travel to the city to meet with his agent. But he had hours of work to catch up on, so suggested Minet stop by after her outing. Around 8 pm, Minet knocked on Richard's office door before letting herself in.
She wore a mid-thigh length cocktail dress, bright smile and sported eyes a touch bloodshot. "Hello. Glad you made it here," Richard advised. In response, Minet encircled her arms around him for a big hug followed up by a peck of a kiss that fell directly onto his lips.
"Do you ever get out? I think some socialization and fun would be good for you," Minet stated sexily.
"Baby steps. I want a clear head before I start a relationship."
"Do you think you have a clear head now, or is it still damaged? And, I'm just talking about getting out, not a fucking relationship"
"Ha. Good point. You're right. I probably need to socialize more." In response, Minet sashayed over to the frig, deliberately swaying her bottom back and forth, searched through it until she found a bottle of rose.
"Tonight, we are going to socialize. We can sip vino, chit chat and all while you work at curing me. Sound good?" she asked as she opened the bottle and poured two glasses into coffee mugs.
"Sounds wonderful. I do have wine glasses."
"That doesn't matter."
"I thought you'd be out with your friends and the guy you mentioned," Richard asked as he accepted the cup of rose.
"He wasn't available, as he had to be home before seven. It doesn't matter. I'm here right?"
"You are. One should never turn down a free treatment."
"Cheers to free treatments," Minet offered. The two clunk glasses and took a deep sip. "And they say there is no such thing as a free lunch. You have enjoyed pinching and squeezing my cheek, haven't you?"
"Well, no complaints," replied Richard with some surprise, but he attributed her loose lips to her prior drinks.
"Tonight, is a double bonus." With those words out, Minet turned around and slowly pulled her one-piece dress off. She had on a thong, and a matching black lace bralet. When she turned around, Richard could see the darkness of her nipples through the thin fabric. "Do you approve?"
"You do look sexy for a laid-up runner."
"Well you better get those hands a working. I want to be laid. No! Not laid-up much longer." Minet moved to the couch and bent over to brush off imaginary crumbs from the cushions. The maneuver accentuated her ass and peaking between her thighs was her lace wrapped pussy. Richard's dick grew hard.
"I got some coconut oil. If you stand up again, I can put a towel down and we can get started."
"Ok." Minet answered. While Richard retrieved the items, Minet stood and had a few questions when he returned. "Do you think I've gotten too skinny from the training or do you think I still look good?" While asking, she posed seductively.
"You've always looked good. I'd say even better now, as your muscles stand out nicely."
"I know my ass looks hot but what about the other parts?" Minet asked as she teasingly slapped her rear, brought her hands up and cupped her breasts.
"They look nice too. Lay down and we'll get going. I do need to get home at some point."
"How do you know? You've never seen them? And shush about getting home. Remember, I'm your friend who knows this is essentially your home." With her words of protest out, Minet laid down on her belly. Richard dribbled some of the oil on her left hamstring and started the rub down. The thong and visibility of her perfect ass was distracting. He wanted to kiss, bite and fuck it. Instead, he slowly fondled its roundness.
"How does it feel when I apply pressure to the sore spots?"
"Good. But tonight, do both legs. It feels weird just to have one leg massaged and not the other." With these words out, Minet casually parted her legs as much as the couch would allow. It allowed for a clear view of her lace clad lips and caused Richard to think about what he'd see if the fabric was edged aside.
Richard applied oil to her right thigh and started the massage. Carefully, he released pressure knots in her left leg, but when he moved up to her bottom the treatment ended. Deliberately, he started to squeeze her ass. Then squirted more oil on her moon and was mesmerized when drops slid down onto her thong. An unquenchable urge was building to chase the getaways. While kneading her ass, he pulled up and out on her cheeks. It forced a small moan from Minet and exposed her swollen outer lips.
"Oh, god, that feels good. Do that some more, and my back," she pleaded. Richard complied, trying to focus on her lower back, yet repeatedly was drawn to her rear. When he reached the fabric of the bralet, he slid his fingers underneath. Minet raised up a bit, pulled off the bralet and advised, "Get my shoulders too. Just remind me to cover-up when I roll over, so you can do the front side. I'm not getting too greedy, am I?" With the last words, a giggle exited from her lips.
"No, that's fine. I'll just have to find some creative way for a payback."
"Maybe I can make you some cookies to snack on while you write."
The massage continued upwards. Tenderly, he rubbed her shoulders, neck and back. Conscious that his stick occasionally pressed up against her. When he finished with her back, he advised, "Well that was a fun. Perhaps I went into the wrong field." Slowly, he rose up from the couch.
Minet rolled over, concerned about her free tits, so pressed her forearm over them until she could drape her bralet over them. "You're not done."
"I thought you were joking about the other half. No worries. I'm not in a rush to get home." With a smile, Richard sat back down, careful to place Minet's legs atop his. He applied generous amounts of oil to her thighs and flat stomach.
After rubbing her thighs, Minet interrupted him. "I'm going to pull my left leg up to my chest. Push really hard on that sore spot on my butt. It's the best and kind of awkward to get to."
Richard knew this. When he nailed the tight spot on her inner buttocks he could feel it and was keenly aware it was inches from her openings. When he pushed firmly on her cheek, towards her outer hip, her full pussy lip peeked out from her thong. When he raised up his palms used to apply to pressure to her bum, the cheek moved back into place, but not her lip. Its dark meat remained exposed.
"Do that again. And press harder," Minet stated. Her head was tilted back, eyes closed and her bralet had moved during the process so one of her nipples was exposed. Her breasts were small, but not her nipple. It was dark brown and hard as an icicle. When Richard place his two palms on the inside of her butt cheek, one softly grazed across her mound and he was sure he felt Minet raise her crotch up against it. He pressed both of his palms firmly onto her little ball of an ass, and slowly pushed them across it. The pull of her skin caused more of her lip to become exposed. The edge of her thong was now caught in the upper segment of her crack, while the lower half was entirely exposed. This gave him a full view of her opening, and its dampness.
Both were breathing heavily. Worried that anything said could ruin their dreamlike exercise. Richard eased his hands up to her six-pack belly, kneading it gently. While doing this, the bottom of his forearm came into direct contact with Minet's exposed vagina. This time there was no guessing about her reaction as she raised upwards a few inches and pressed her slit up against his arm. Richard too responded.
He kneeled between her thighs and pressed the heel of his palm directly against Minet's womanhood. Slowly, he started to slide it up and down her gash. Her moisture blended with the oil to allow for an easy glide. As he did this, Minet raised up her bottom until it was completely off the sofa.
She liberally licked her lips, then sputtered out, "That, that feels so good. I, I shouldn't.
Richard's cock was aching. He had not foreseen Minet having any sexual interest in him, but now the evidence was hard to ignore. It was causing his brain to focus on one thing. Minet was repeatedly combing her fingers through her hair, as soft moans tumbled out of her. During this process, her bralet had fallen aside so both of her breasts were exposed. Richard used his other hand to knead her nipples, causing an increase in her vocalizations.
Richard pulled aside Minet's thong to expose her pussy. He was surprised. Both her inner and outer lips were swollen and parted. But the surprise was what lay inside the inner lips, a small wet moist tunnel that was beautifully a light light pink. It made him thirst for her taste. Gradually, he pushed one and then two fingers into her.
"What are you doing? Trying to seduce me?" Minet asked.
"I'm sorry. Do you want me to stop?"
"I think its too late for that. Just keep. Just keep rubbing my body."
Richard thought she'd approved for their play to continue, but when he thought about it further, perhaps she was only asking him to continue with a body massage and keep away from her sex. It probably was a request to stop, but with her full naked body in view he wanted to feel her sex one last time. He planted the heel of his palm on her special zone, for an adventurous trip upwards, thinking at worst later he could get a taste of her by the liquid remnants left on the heel of his palm.
As he eased it up with some force, along a crooked path, Minet's hips squirmed wildly.
"Oh fuck Richard. Ohh, shit that feels so good," Minet mumbled out as she reached out to unfasten Richards jeans and free his hard cock. She rubbed his precum liberally around his head and pushed his briefs down to set his cock free. In slow motion, she snaked her arms under his and pulled his body onto hers. Once on top of her, the two lovers' lips parted.
Fiercely they kissed and started to grind together. Minutes later, Minet inched her hand down, encircled Richard's dick and guided it to her entrance. He felt her velvety lips part and kiss the side of his head. Then she pushed his unit away.
"Oh fuck Richard. I'm sorry. I just, I just can't. I have to be faithful."
"What are you talking about?"
"We can't do this," Minet replied. She still had his hands around his staff and the feel of it pierced through to her curiosity. It felt nice. So hard. She started to slowly twist her hand up and down its length. The attention brought the two lips together and Richard's hand glided downwards. With his thumb he tweaked Minet's emerged clit and pushed fingers up into her pinkness. "Ahhh. I need it. Aughhh. Nooo. I shouldn't."
Richard responded by curling his fingers to caress her G-spot and moving his face down to circle his lips around her protruding nipples. The additional attention prompted Minet to push her pelvis upwards as high as possible. After giving both of her nipples a long suck, Richard asked, "What do you want me to do?" His fingers were sticky and wet. And now rapidly moving in and out of her.
Instead of responding, Minet guided his cockhead to her entrance and pushed his hand aside. With the tip of his cock barely penetrating her, she answered, "You tell me first."
"I want to fuck you silly. Make you cum countless times and then start over."
"How long have you wanted me?"
"Since the day I laid my eyes on you." The response caused Minet to lift her hips again, resulting in the head of Richard's cock penetrating her.
"Ohh fuck. Me too. I've dreamed of you tackling me on one of our runs and taking me just because you had to have me." Again, the couple kissed. It was with wild abandon, and prompted Richard to press his cock into her. But her fist stopped his progress. "I can't. I promised to be faithful." And with those words out, Minet pushed Richard aside, wiggled out from underneath him and stood up.
"What's going on?"
"I'm sorry Richard. I shouldn't have come over here buzzed. I'm dating another guy, and I promised him I'd be faithful."
"Who?"
"My boss at work," Minet slipped out as tears formed in her orbits and slowly descended downwards.
"Why aren't you with him? He's the one that had to go home early?"
"He's married."
"Wait. You're having an affair with your boss at the company where you intern?" Richard asked with shock on his face.
"Yes. He's really nice. And he told me he was in the process of getting a divorce before we ever hooked up."
"Is he separated?"
"No. He loves his kids."
"So, he's living with his wife, probably having relations, but you are supposed to be faithful?" Minet stood quietly for a moment. She noticed Richard's cock had softened considerably. It hurt.
"I, I agreed because he promised to leave her. It was kind of our shared promise."
"Who did you promise to leave?" Immediately after the question, Richard could see the shame and hurt on her lovely face. He walked up to her and wrapped his arms around her. Just as a friend and now felt bad about judging her.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to judge you."
"No, I'm stupid. I know he fucks his wife. It's been over a year. He's not going to leave her. Jesus, he even flirts with secretaries and his other interns. Really, it's been my little fantasy." She pulled herself tightly into Richard. The two stood quietly together, although Richard couldn't help but notice how her firm breasts felt against his chest. Time floated briefly, before Minet looked up into Richard's eyes and asked, "Do you think I'm stupid?"
"No," he answered, the gave her bare ass a firm squeeze and finished, "Well maybe a little."
Minet raised up her head, looked deeply into Richard's eyes, then with a smile, conceded "It is stupid. I just thought it could give me a boost and it would be nice to be with someone so successful. She brought her lips to Richard's and gave him a light kiss. "I have been rethinking it lately." Slowly, she brought her lips to his again, but this time the kiss lingered for a spell. As the couple's tongues meshed together she felt his privates began to swell.
"Did you really dream about us having sex?" Richard asked when their mouths separated.
"Yes. Well daydreamed or fantasized about it. And fairly often. My relationship or whatever it is with the boss guy mostly involved hidden blow jobs or quickies in dark rooms. It wasn't enjoyable for me."
"Sex should be fun. Although, it hasn't been part of my life for a spell."
"You're right. It should be really fun. It's great to explore with someone you find attractive. What's the craziest thing you've done?" Merit inquired.
"I had a very predictable marriage. Before that I did tip my toes in the sea. Some one-night stands. Sex in a park. Nothing too crazy. And you?"
"Did you like having sex where people might be able to see you?" Minet asked. Before Richard answered she'd fastened her fingers to his cock and against started to massage his gland.
"It was different. Kind of exciting, but more about getting caught up in the moment. Does public sex excite you?"
"Yes. Lots of different things excite me. I'm young, I want to explore. I need to explore. My path or what I should do seems to have been side-tracked. Right now, people could be watching us through your windows since it's dark outside and all your lights are on." Minet's stroking had returned Richard's dick to full hardness.
"Does that excite you?" Richard asked while returning his fingers to Minet's puffy quim.
"Yess. Jesus, you make me want you."
"Do you think people are watching you right now? Taking in your beautiful naked body, seeing how you react when I diddle you with my fingers and wishing they could have you." Minet responded by pushing Richard backwards until he ran into the couch and was forced to sit down. Minet quickly stripped away her thong, straddled his legs and brought her sex directly up against Richard's hard shaft.
"Are you fine with me getting excited that someone could be watching us?" Richard didn't answer immediately. Instead, he pressed his lips to Minet's nipples and suckled on them, while fastening both hands to her rear globes to press her pussy closer against his cock.
"They could be watching you right now. Maybe masturbating. Wishing they were here with you." The suggestion seemed to release Minet's inhibitions. She was now grinding her clit up and down the length of Richard's shaft. At any second, Richard expected she'd adjust her pelvis and swallow his dick with her vagina.
Minet was slowly bouncing up and down. A stream of moans ran from her lips. Richard was dying to thrust himself deep inside of her, but held back after her previous abrupt end to their play. "Would you like to see them watching you?"
"Ahh, ohhh shittt. Yesss. To see them excited. Ohhh god that's hottt."
"Would you like to see them in their windows, or would you like them here in the room?"
"Aughhh, fuckkk," Minet shuddered. "Here."
"Maybe they'd help fuck you. Would you want that?"
"AUGGHHHHHHHH," Minet screamed out. It was obvious Minet was cumming. Richard held her tight to himself. She slumped against his body with her forehead resting on his shoulder. "Oh my God! I can't believe I just did that. Richard, I can't do this. Jesus, I have to get out of here. Without another word, Minet bolted up, tossed on her dress and zipped away.
Richard sat naked, his cock still pointing skyward, with a smorgasbord of emotions running through his head. He stood up and noticed Minet's bralet and panties laying on the floor. With a single swoop he gathered both. Immediately, he noticed the patch of thin material in the thong was soaked. Minet had cum, was definitely excited, so her brain was the barrier. The idea that her boss' disapproval had prevented their joinder took hold and feed a river of anger. He laid the undergarments on his desk and left.
At home, Richard repeatedly checked his cell phone for a missed call or text. There were none. He did not like being angry, so changed into his running clothes and went for a long midnight run in the city's dark streets. The run calmed his nerves and allowed him to think. He'd forgive her, but would keep their relationship strictly platonic. Once home, he took a long shower and slipped into bed. Alas, he didn't fall asleep as fast as he wanted. Visions of Minet's fine naked body, pink inner pussy, tight breasts and perfect ass haunted him until he released a load of his own cum. Despite the release, sleep was sporadic.
Minet released her departure was abrupt. She knew she should have handled it differently. Three doors down, she sat alone drinking and hoping Richard would suddenly appear. Wishing he'd carry her away and make made love to her. She knew she had to deal with her boss and promised herself she would. Internally, she was also embarrassed at how easily she'd let a few of her fantasies escape which made her worry Richard may distance himself from her—realizing she was some type of freak. Early in the morning she melted into her bed, but only after finalizing a plan.
The confrontation with her boss was fun. He'd never been so scared, and when Minet left he looked like a drowned rat trapped in a corner by a hungry coyote. It was fun and satisfied her thirst for revenge. The second part of her plan involved Richard. Perhaps she was a sexual deviant, maybe not. Either way she'd elected to simply be honest with him. At four in the afternoon, she entered Richard's office, without knocking and found him there pecking away on his electronic word drum.
Richard looked up at her with a concerned look. He had a speech prepared. "Don't say anything!" Minet popped out. "Just listen. I'm done with him. I'm sorry about yesterday. I made a mistake and if I had to leave I should have explained myself, or better take you with me and explain how I was thinking elsewhere. When I came, I was embarrassed that I'd revealed my affair, my dissatisfaction with it and that I told you about some fantasies I have that I've never disclosed to another soul. I panicked. I'm sorry." With the train of words out of Minet's mouth, she stood there silent as a lone tear trickled down her cheek.
"I'm sorry if you felt I overstepped any bounds," Richard offered. "That was not my intent. I got carried away."
"I think we both got carried away," Minet answered with a hint of a chuckle. "Maybe it's not such a bad thing. I certainly don't need to worry about any running shorts being too short, now. Maybe I'll start teasing you by running in just a sport minidress and baggy thin tank-top."
"That could earn you a spanking," Richard tossed out.
"Hmm. No, I'm just teasing you. I probably wouldn't do that."
"Well if you do, well ... you've been warned."
"Fair enough. So, are we ok?"
"I think so. Are you ok knowing ... you know knowing we each think the other is attractive? Or, is that something that will cause a problem?" Richard asked in a soft serious tone.
"I don't think we can like just forget that it exists. It's flattering in a way. I know I'll tease you. Maybe you didn't notice, but I did try to do so before. I can be more blunt now."
"Two can play that game."
"Oh really? How would you tease me? You always seem so proper. Rub my leg under the table with your foot when we're sharing a coffee?"
"You can be a bitch," Richard answered with as a smile stretched across his face. "Now, I think I've been challenged."
"There is something else I need to disclose to you?"
"Is there someone else I need to know about?"
"No, you goofball. This afternoon I tried running again. After chatting with my boss I needed a release. I think it was too soon. My hamstring cramped up and its still pretty sore," Minet stated.
"Did you ice it right away?"
"No. I called a girlfriend. We talked about my situation and had a few mimosas after I was finished with my boss."
"So, that explains the yoga pants and tank top. Let me get an ice bag for you, and some Advil. And I bet a few glasses of water won't hurt." Richard raised up and returned a moment later with the goods.
Once the pills were sipped down along with a few swigs of water Minet laid down on the sofa and placed the ice bag on her hamstring. "Do you mind rubbing it down after it cools for a bit?"
"I don't know. Do you trust me?"
"Trust you to do what?" Minet teased.
"Never mind. Sure, but lets keep your pants on, just to make sure we keep something between you and my fingers."
"You're no fun. You know I hate wearing stuff underneath these, but I'll make that sacrifice just to get my hammie loosened up a little." The two chatted about her leg status, her fun at the office and a variety of other topics. Richard adjusted her ice pack and found an ace bandage to keep it firmly to her leg and bottom. This brought him next to her, and he teased her about two-thirds of the way to becoming a cold assed bitch.
Minet responded by whacking him in the chest with an open hand which prompted him to feign severe nipple pain.
"You are such a wimp. I know you're faking it."
"What do you think men don't have sensitive breasts too? How would you feel if I whacked your nipple in the same way?"
"You'd like that, wouldn't you? Should I give it a kiss to make it all better?" Minet offered.
"Is that another fantasy you're divulging?"
"Ha, you wish."
"Speaking of such, have you really never talked with anyone about fantasies?"
"No! I mean it leaves you open, exposed and kind of vulnerable."
"I see it differently. It's about honesty. Everyone has them, but society creates this taboo about discussing or pursing them. We glorify many things much more harmful. Mountain climbing, staring in a movie with nudity, professional football, but shhhhh, don't say a word about something that feels great and gets one's mind reeling." Richard's comment generated a pause in the conversation. For a while neither spoke.
"I know you're absolutely right, but there is still the potential of embarrassment. What is someone disclosed your weirdest fantasies to your parents or family?"
"That could be embarrassing, but remember they have their own dreams and if they claim otherwise, are most likely lying to you. Not that I'd cherish such a conversation."
"What are your fantasies? We never touched upon that last night," Minet asked in a voice tinted with seduction.
"I'm a bit too average. For a guy. A threesome with two girls would be great. Maybe tying up a lover and teasing her sexually and in other different ways. Watching an orgy, with the option of participating, could be intriguing. Sex with three or four different ladies in one day could be fun, although maybe not physically possible. I think fantasies change over time and one's life."
Richard loosened the bandage and removed the ice pack. "Think your leg has cooled down long enough, so I can massage it?"
"Yeah, but can you massage it if I pull it up vertically? I want to lay on my back, so I can look at you when we talk. After a long run, it's kind of nice to just drift off when you massage me, but when alert, I like to be able to read people's faces during a conversation. That ok?"
"Not a problem. Actually, I'm totally with you on talking and eye contact." Minet rolled over, raised up her sore leg and hooked her foot over the edge of the couch. She lifted up her other leg, to allow Richard to kneel so he was facing her hamstrings, and rested it on the floor. Slowly, he started to knead the back of her leg.
"You mentioned a threesome; would you want the girls to both play with you or also each other?"
"Ideally, I'd like to have the girls into each other. Watching them would be half the fun."
"What would you envision them doing with each other?" The question caused Richard to pause for a moment. He wasn't sure how much to reveal as he didn't wish to offend his friend. Internally, he laughed at himself given his recent discourse.
"Having never been in such a situation I'm not sure. I guess the usual stuff. Kissing and playing with each other." While answering his fingers started to trace deep circles around her rear.
"Would you have a problem if they kissed, like everywhere?"
"No. More like the opposite. Concerned that watching them do that might push me over the edge."
"When would you want to join them," Minet asked.
"Totally in my fantasy, it would be when one of the ladies was naked, laying on her back, and the other lady, also naked, was kneeling on a bed and eating her out. I'd come up from behind and ease myself into her."
"What else would you want them to do?" As the question was asked Minet knew Richard's fingers were again inches away from her quim and the desire for contact was strengthening.
"To kiss me. To kiss me so that I'd taste each of the other ladies' juices on their lips and tongue."
"That's hot," Minet replied. "Anything else you'd want them to do on your threesome bucket list?"
Before answering, Richard brought his hands up almost to Minet's knee and started to massage down her leg again. His cock was getting hard and he wasn't concerned when it contacted her leg. "I'd like them to lay on top of each other, kissing mouth-to-mouth while I screw them. Pumping into one, pulling out and then pumping into the other. Alternating, between the two to get to feel the differences between their vaginas."
"Shit, that would be great to witness." Minet's felt the moisture growing in her sex and was concerned it might sip through the thin fabric of her yoga pants, but could not pull herself away from the topic of their conversation.
"Would you do a threesome?" Richard inquired. Minet wasn't sure if he was asking in general or if it was a request.
"Yes. I probably would. You know, assuming I was into the third." When Richard asked the question, he was distracted at how erect Minet's nipples had grown. Her tank top did little hide them. When she answered he realized his question was subject to different interpretations, and her response caused his cock to fully harden.
"Would you want the third to be male or female?" Richard asked.
"The first time with a lady, and after that a guy. I've wanted to experience another woman for a long time. It would be a safe way to do such."
"What would you do with another lady?"
"I'd do all the stuff you mentioned, and maybe use toys on her also."
"Would you want her to use toys on you?" Before this question emerged, Richard had noticed a wet spot on Minet's yoga pants. When this question out, his fingers contacted her outer lips.
"Yess," she hissed back and raised her mound up to increase the contact.
"Would you like her to rub them against you and use them to enter you?" Before she could answer, Richard moved his fingers up to her crack and started to tease her plump petals.
"Yes, I want that," she answered while pulling both of her knees to her chest. Richard stroked the area above her glands and forcefully pushed the thin yoga material into her snatch.
"Do you like this?"
"Uh-hmm." Richard grabbed the waistband of her pants and started to yank on them. Minet responded by bring her legs together and pointing them upwards. Swiftly, the pants were removed and Minet pulled her knees up to either side of her chest to expose herself.
"What would you want the two men to do?" While asking this he parted her inner lips with his fingers and squeezed two fingers into her box. Gently, he started to move them back and forth.
"Ohhh gawwddd. You drive me crazy." With those words out, Richard lowered his lips down until they sat atop her pink opening. He took his time, despite Minet's thrusting, and softly sucked her pussy lips into his mouth. One at a time he sampled them, sucking mildly and building up the suction. The attention was causing Minet to moan and wiggle about. Then he stopped.
With his warm breath wafting about her clit, he asked, "Would you want to suck a cock while the other guy fucks you?"
"Yessss," she exhaled. The response earned her a quick lick.
"Would you like to eat a girl's pussy while I screwed you?"
"Oh, shitttt. Yesss. Stop teasing me. You know I want that," she moaned out. Her response caused Richard to penetrate her pussy deeply with his tongue, then bring it slowly upwards until it reached her clit. He circled it a few times, before drawing it into her mouth and humming. It wasn't long before Minet came forcefully, prompting Richard to lap greedily at her juices. When she finished, he pulled away, stood up and removed all of his clothes.
Once nude, he pulled her running top up and tossed it to the floor, then sat down by her head. She rolled over and swallowed his cock. The rare skill of milking him with her throat while using her lips to squeeze his shaft did not go unnoticed. But it was too much, so he pushed her away as he wasn't ready to cum. "Stand up, put a foot on either side of my hips and feed your pussy to me. You taste amazing."
Minet felt high. She'd been craving Richard for weeks and wanted to explore her sexual cravings for a long spell. Now it was happening, and she couldn't be happier. She popped up and positioned herself as requested. His tongue was magical. It wasn't long until she was mashing her mound firmly against his face while groping her own breasts. A second orgasm was approaching, and her loud moans announced it was near.
Richard pulled his mouth from the prettiest pink object he'd ever encountered, "Fuck me."
He didn't have to ask twice. With a beautiful smile, Minet lowered her hips downwards, grabbed his pulsing shaft and guided it into her. When it was completely inside, Richard wrapped his one hand around her head and pulled her lips to his. Just before they met, he uttered out, "Taste yourself. It's perfect."
When their lips met, they opened promptly. Minet drew Richard's tongue into his and robustly sucked on it as she worked her hips up and down. When she paused for a breath she asked, "Do you like that?"
"Yes. Your body is amazing. I'd like to fuck you for hours on end."
"Its yours whenever you want. I want to explore with you."
"Maybe I'll have to tie you up, blindfold you and have someone join us. Would you like that?"
"Ohhh, shit. Aughhhh," Minet purred as her hand bolted down to tease her own clit. "Fucckkkkk, again, aughhhhhh alreadyyyy."
"Tease you until you're dripping wet, then sic two cocks and a wet pussy on you. The vagina for your mouth, and a cock in each hole. Would you like that?" When he mentioned 'each hole' Richard drove a finger up into her derrière.
"Fucckkkk, fucccckkkkkk, yeessssss," Minet exploded. Her hips electrified into a blur of action for a bit, then came to a complete rest as her head fell onto Richard's shoulder. Despite her recent release, Richard was close and her response alone almost made him cum. He grabbed her hips and flipped her around. He placed his hands on the back of her knees, pushed them to her shoulders and fucked her.
She was not expecting the sudden onslaught. Each thrust brought out a bark. Initially, she pressed one palm against his chest in a form of light protest, but this didn't last long. For weeks she imagined being taken by Richard in countless ways, just never like this. The sex was amazing. However, the high lifted by the discussion of what might lay ahead produced a feeling long ago forgotten.
Boldly, Minet groaned out, "Ohh yesss! Fuck me, Richard, fuck me. Cum all over my pussy. Yesss, make it your toyyyy. Aughhhhh. Aggaiinnnn." Her body seemed to cramp out, yet the thrusting of Richard's cock into her midst did not cease. He kept pummeling her.
"We're going to do some crazy fucking. Just wait," Richard hollered out, followed up by a deep satisfactory moan, "AAooouuuhhhhhhhh," as his dick spasmed and unleashed a stockpile of cum deep inside her tight quim.
After the orgasms, the two laid still for a minute. When his penis egressed from Minet's vagina he stretched her out on the sofa and laid next to her. Lovingly, he stroked her sweat streaked face. "You are so hot."
"Sex will heat up a body," Minet responded.
"No, I mean you."
"Thanks. My grandmother was Korean. It seems to mix well with the rest of my families' blood."
"No, I'm talking about you. Just you. Everything. Looks, attitude, sex appeal and brain."
Unconsciously, Minet bit her lips deeply. Softly she answered, "Thanks. No one has ever said that before. Would you like to make love to me?"
"Yes," Richard replied. He moved his face down to her breasts, then sucked and nibbled on her nipples. Before looking back up into her eyes, "Except it might take a bit to get something up again. Otherwise, I'd be cramming every centimeter I have deep up into your pussy."
"Well until then, can you do me a favor?"
"Sure."
"Lay on top of me. I want to feel your penis pressed up against me and be able to look into your eyes." The two rearranged themselves. Minet laying on the sofa, while Richard laid on top of her with Minet's legs wrapped around his waist.
"Would you really be interested in exploring with others?" Richard asked after he settled into position.
"Yesss. Can't you tell how excited it got me?" With the question out, she pressed her mound upwards to accentuate her point. "Would you be ok with watching me have sex with someone else?"
"As long as I was there to enjoy the fun, I'd encourage it," Richard replied.
"You'd want to witness it? Not just talk to me about what could happen?"
"Wasn't that the point of our conversation? I'm fine with you being with another person. If we were a couple, then I'd want to be there. Make sense?"
"Like actually, watch as a girl made out with me and, you know, a guy fucked me?"
"Yes. I think it would be a turn on. And would you be ok with me having sex with another lady?"
"Shit! I think it would be hot as hell, assuming I got to participate. Are you messing with me? Causing it's giving me all kind of ideas. What were your ideas when you mentioned tying me up?"
"Just having a little fun with you. Secure you to the bed. Naked of course and with a blindfold on. Then tease you."
Minet took a moment to kiss him passionately while rubbing her fingers up and down his back. "How would you tease me?"
"Isn't that my secret?"
"Couldn't you just give me a few hints?" With the suggestion she pressed her hips up against his and nibbled on his neck. From his neck, she moved up to his ear, casually sucked on his earlobe before asking, "What do I have to do to get a clue?"
"You are bad," Richard answered.
"I can be, if that's what you like." Richard was intrigued as the dialogue was causing her to become even more aroused. His cock was becoming engorged.
"What would I do? I guess it would probably depend on the mood I was in that day. Maybe I'd bring in a lady friend that I knew had your interest, keep her silent except for the sounds from our sex and alternate fucking the two of you. But make sure that I came in your pussy, so she could lick it clean."
"Ohh, ohhh wow, that's hot," Minet panted as her thrusting picked up pace. It was clear she wanted more of him.
"Perhaps I'd take pictures of her making you cum with her tongue. Or, maybe I'd be in different mode. Swat your pussy and ass several times, tease your clit with a vibrator, just making sure you don't cum, then have a guy or two over to have their way with you." Right as Richard was making his statement, he brought his fingers down to Minet's snatch and inserted three fingers deep into her.
"Ohhh!!" she responded.
"Do you like those ideas?"
"Yessss. Shit this is, augh-oooo, like a dream." Richard repositioned himself, so his knees straddled her head, while keeping his fingers in her slit.
"Finish making my cock hard," he stated as he placed his half-hard unit onto her parted lips. Greedily, Minet accepted his cock and sucked on it with a deliberate purpose.
"Or maybe I'd tease you into revealing the girl you're most jealous of, have her stop in and seduce her while your bound naked, gagged and blindfolded. Occasionally, I'd let her screw you with a strap-on, in-between my sessions with her." Richard realized quickly that his sex partner had a serious submissive streak. "Would that make you crave any type of sex?"
"Mmhmmm," Minet answered.
"Shit, I can't believe how much wetter your pussy has gotten while we've been talking. I've got four fingers in you, and you keep trying to get them deeper in you. Are you close to cumming again?"
"Mmmhhhh-mmmhmmmm," she moaned with a yes nodding of her head.
Abruptly, Richard pulled his cock free from Minet's mouth. "Don't cum yet, I want to feel your pussy go off when I'm deep in your ass."
"I, aughhh, I don't know. I've never, ohhh, never gone all the way there."
Richard scooted downwards, removed his fingers and with one shove penetrated her entrance. "I'm getting my cock nice and slick with your juices, then I'm going to take your cherry." The penetration caused Minet to wrap her legs around Richard's behind, while her hands clung to his hips and pulled him in as hard as possible. She was so close. Forcefully, he pulled out.
"Pull your legs up to and use your hands to spread apart your cheeks. I've dreamed of this for weeks. Your ass is so perfect." Attentively, Minet complied with his request.
"Please be careful and go slow," she whispered as she felt the tip of Richard's penis make contact with the star of her derriere.
"My dick is well lubricated with the juices from your pussy, but why don't you rub some spit on it too." Tepidly, Minet placed saliva from her mouth onto her fingers and rubbed around her rim. Slowly, Richard pressed his cock head against her opening. "Relax, you're going to like this and its kind of payback for ditching out on me last night." With these words out, he pressed his thumb into her rear and after a moment replaced it with his cock. Once the head was in, he held still to allow for her to adjust to the new sensation.
"Aughh, that feels odd," Minet complained.
"Put your fingers inside yourself so you can feel my cock entering you." Minet did as asked and placed two of her fingers into her open slit. Richard shoved forward two inches causing Minet to gulp. "Rub the bottom of your pussy. Can you feel me?"
Softly, Minet brushed the thin layer separating her vagina from her rear, and could easily feel his erection. As she moved her fingers about Richard pushed in again until he was three-quarters inside. "Auhhh," Minet protested. "That's too much."
"Can you feel my cock with your fingers?"
"Yes."
"Rub it when I push in. In a bit, I think you'll start enjoying this." He took one hand and began to tease the area around her clit. This elicited pleasurable sighs from Minet and unconsciously caused her to lift her pelvis upwards. At the same time, Richard pressed forward until he was bottomed out fully in her tight ass. He rewarded her by flashing his fingertips directly on her clit.
"Ohhh, jesus, that's so different," Minet panted out. Slowly, Richard pulled his cock back and as he did, so he distanced his fingers from her sensitive spot. Before pulling out completely, he halted and slowly started to press into her rear again. The deeper his cock went in, the closer his fingers teased their way to her little bald man causing her to again raise her hips. When he fully entered her, her spot was bathed with attention. "Ahhh yesss. That's nice."
While he rubbed her love button, Richard took his other hand and pushed two of his fingers into her womb to join hers. The beautiful pinkness of her inner vagina tickled him and caused his cock to become rigid. The process of teasing her clit, each time he filled her rear was repeated several times. Gradually, the pace of his thrusts increased. Each time he bottomed out, Minet was propelling her hips towards his shaft, seeking more play with her erogenous zone. Deviously, Richard was training Minet to link ass play with clitoral stimulation.
"Do you like having both holes filled?"
"Ohh, shit. It's hot. Augghhh fuck. I, Iahmm so close."
"Should I stop?"
"Nooooo. Fuckkk," Minet let out as she pulled her hand free and gripped Richard's hips to try and pull him in even deeper.
"What do you want me to do?"
"Don't stop. Jesus. Please."
"Tell me what you want me to do?" Richard stated as he froze mid-stroke, so his cock was half buried and his fingers a few inches from her sweet spot.
"Oh, gawd. Please, don't tease me. Just fuck me," Minet pleaded.
"Fuck you where?"
"Fuck my ass. Hard. Fuck it and make me cum!"
Richard did as he was asked. Slamming himself deep into her, while cramming four of his fingers deep inside her slit and using the thumb of his other hand to slowly, yet forcefully, roll her clit. "Augghhhhh. Fuckkk. I'm cummmmiiinnnggggg," Minet moaned out while rolling her head back and forth.
Her eruption sent Richard over the edge. He buried his dagger deep into her ass and unleashed a second load of cum, as he moaned out loud, "Uggghhhhhhhh fuckkkk!!" He collapsed on top of her with the two struggling to reload their depleted oxygen supplies.
When their breathing eased the two returned to their dialog. "So, what did you think of your first backdoor experience?"
"It is very different, but in kind of a wow way. God it felt so good when you were fucking me and rubbing my clit. We might have to repeat it a few times."
"Especially, if your going to take a cock in each hole."
"OMG. You are serious about that?" Minet inquired in a fake shocked voice.
"Yep, know that I know you want it. I love that you have such a blessed sex drive," Richard responded as he eased a hand down, teased apart her swollen lips and feed two fingers into her moisture.
"Oh no you don't. Shit, I'm going to be sore already," Minet stated while pulling his exploring hand from her sex. He responded by placing his fingers on her lips. Slowly, she opened her mouth and sucked his fingers clean.
"Why don't we head over to my place. There we can clean up, and I can make us some dinner while we figure how to bring some of these discussions into fruition."
"Are you asking me out for a date?"
"Yes. A fuck date," Richard answered as he helped Minet to her feet.
"I accept," she replied with a wink. "Should we dress and dash there? I do need a shower."
"Hold on. Stand up on my desk for a bit?"
"Why?"
"Just do it. I want to show you something."
"What?" Minet asked as she climbed from his chair up onto the large redwood desk. Richard didn't immediately answer, but instead turned on more of the overhead lights.
"Notice that it got dark out while we were distracting one another?"
"Oh shit. People can totally see me," Minet stated as she tried to cover herself up.
"Yeah, I think I saw a few curtain blinds shake. I want them to fully appreciate your beauty. Put both arms up in the air and point your butt towards me."
"I don't know. Remember, I was tipsy last night and lost track of the hour today."
Richard walked over to her and fondled her ass. "Right now, they are being amazed by the curves of your sweet ass, especially knowing it was just fucked." Abruptly, he pulled his hand away and returned it swiftly to make a large smacking noise from the contact with her rear.
"Ouch! What the fuck?"
"Arms in the air. I want them to witness the exquisiteness of the goddess I just fucked." He squeezed her rear again, then delivered another swat.
"Fuck. Ok." Gradually, Minet raised her arms up.
"Stick out your ass and spread your legs." With a look of disdain, Minet complied with Richard's request.
"I bet several guys, a few couples and surely a handful of girls have their hands on a cock or buried in their pussies as they're watching you right now." He took his fingers and glided them up and down her rear, then between her thighs and at least to her entrance. There his fingers stopped. "What do you think of them taking pleasure in your nudity?"
"I don't know."
"Why are your nipples erect again?"
"Because I'm cold."
"And is the drop of sweat forming by your ear due to the cold also?"
"Ok, it is a kind of a turn on. But I feel so exposed."
"Do you feel exposed knowing they are watching me doing this to you?" Just then his fingers jetted up into her pussy. He shoved, two and then three digits into her soaked pinkness.
"Ohhh fuck. Richard. Don't." He didn't listen to her, but continue to thrust his fingers up and down, while using his thumb to play with her clit. "Aoohh, gawddd. You have to stoppp. I'm toooo. Aohh-ohhhh sorhh."
"Think about what they're desiring. Wishing their cocks and tongues were right where my fingers are. Feeding you exquisite cravings, pumping orgasms from you, and enjoying their own release. What are you thinking about Minet?"
"Ohhh, shit. I can't believe we're doing this. This is crazy." Minet dropped her arms, and with both hands pulled and stretched on her nipples. "Ohhh, your making me, ohhhh-gawd, so crazy. Shittt!"
"Are you thinking about them fucking you?"
"Aughhh. Ohhh, ohhhhhh my god."
"Would you like them to be here fucking you instead of watching?"
"Shittt. Aoohhhh shitt Richard. Ohhhhh. Don't stoppp."
"You'd let them have you right now. Even if it was four guys, five girls and all strangers."
"Yessssss. Auhhhhh shittt. Here, here it comesss."
"And you'd let them take you over and over, until each was satisfied?"
"Ahhh, auhhhhhhhh, cummminggg. Fuck, fuck, fuck! Yesss, oh gaahhdd yesss." Minet's body shivered momentarily, then her legs gave out and she collapsed onto the table. Richard pulled away and turned off all the lights.
"What are you doing?"
"The fun is over. Now, I get my private time with you. Stay there, I'll get your clothing and we'll leave. A cab will have us to my place in ten minutes. Tenderly, Richard dressed Minet, summoned a lift and five minutes later the two departed his office. His home was impressive. A large flat on a hill overlooking uptown.
Once home, the two took a slow leisurely shower, and dried off. He insisted they remain naked but did sport a cooking apron as he prepared their meal. Wine was consumed, and the two flirted heavily. The evening ended with a restful night, that dove into a wild morning of raw sex.
Minet couldn't remember being so sore from sex for years and failed to disclose her yearning to begin their play with others. The couple were inseparable for most of the week, except for work. Richard continued with the massages and took her on a light hike, but with only a t-shirt tank top on sans undergarments. Her accidental nipple and pussy slips sent erotic shivers through her body. Twice Richard rewarded her displays with a rapid outdoor go. He was ready to explore other options, and even had a few ideas.