Author's Note:This story involves sex with multiple partners, first-time sex, and, although not the predominant theme, cousin-level incest. If you find these activities offensive or uninteresting, please enjoy the other wonderful works available here at Literotica. All characters engaging in sexual activities are 18 or older. Any similarity to any person, living or dead, is purely unintentional and coincidental.
This story is my entry in theWinter Holiday 2022contest. I appreciate your positive responses and votes if you are so inclined. Constructive feedback and comments are always welcome.
_____________
The snow continued to fall. It had coated the window sashes and piled up over two feet deep on the porch and driveway of the cabin. I stood looking out the window, naked, sipping a rum-laced hot chocolate. The warmth of the drink felt good, a welcome and relaxing tonic that my well-used body sorely needed. I looked back into the room at the three nude men lounging by the glowing flicker of the fireplace and wondered for the hundredth time how the hell I got into this situation.
So much had transpired it was hard to believe our holiday sojourn had begun only two days before. I smiled and reflected on the odd series of events that led us to this moment. I absently caught an errant dollop of cum with my finger as it slid down my inner thigh.
The forecast had predicted a major winter storm—we figured we could beat it if we left early . . .
***************
The plan was to stay at my Aunt and Uncle's ski cabin in the mountains for an extended weekend of skiing before Christmas. Four of us "kids"—my 20-year-old cousin Derek, his same-aged best friend Zach, Zach's 18-year-old brother Ben, and I—were all free on our school winter holiday breaks, so we arranged to travel up first. Derek's mom and dad (my aunt and uncle) and his younger sister planned to follow the next day after a half-day of work.
I got along well with Derek and his whole family. I'd skied with them several times before and looked forward to some early-season skiing and the tranquility of the woods in winter before the chaos of the holidays. Zach had also been to the cabin multiple times, but the two of us had never been there simultaneously. It was Zach's brother Ben's first trip.
Ben was a high school senior and turned 18 on Friday, the day after we arrived. Handsome in a boy-next-door way, he had dark brown hair like his brother, but his eyes were an intense blue instead of Zach's deep brown color. Ben didn't want a big party at home. Instead, he told us that spending time at the winter cabin with everyone was the best present. We were all happy to agree with him and looked forward to spending time together for the first time since Covid-19 ruined many a plan.
Zach and I went to the same university out of state. We'd met each other many times via Derek growing up but had not connected independently until our first year at college. I'd always had a passing crush on him, and we finally hooked up for the first time almost a year before. Our relationship never developed romantically or exclusively, however. Instead, we seemed to drift in and out of each other's lives, mostly on-again, off-again spurts of sex, casual but not meaningless. Always good friends, plus sometimes with a bonus.
At 19, I was five months younger than Derek, but we were in the same grade at school. We had often played together at family gatherings when younger—mostly by default, as we were the only two close to the same age in our respective families. Derek was a natural athlete who excelled at most sports, including swimming, tennis, and skiing. He had dusty blond hair, broad shoulders, a narrow waist, and a lithe build.
I held my own athletically, and I loved soccer and skating in addition to skiing. I was petite, with long auburn hair, brown eyes, and a compact figure. Derek and I hadn't seen each other for over a year because we went to different universities with different holidays and break schedules.
It typically took about two and a half hours to drive up the mountain to the cabin—much of it on minor roads. However, the beauty and comfort of the place and the quality of the skiing made it worth the trip. The distance was just far enough to minimize the crowds of "day-trippers" but short enough to justify as few as two days of skiing.
Derek, Zach, Ben, and I traveled up on Thursday as planned, glad to be ahead of a major winter storm that was forecast to arrive either Friday or Saturday. Light snow had started falling as we drove through the mountains, not hindering our trip but suggesting the storm would arrive on the early side of the predictions. We arrived at the cabin around dinner time.
When the four of us arrived at the cabin, we were hungry and couldn't be bothered to cook—we threw a couple of frozen pizzas in the oven for a simple, hearty meal. Derek started a fire that warmed the room with its shimmering heat.
"I'm going to get my jammies on and enjoy the fire," I announced after we ate. The others thought that was a fine idea, and we went to our rooms to change. I had a room that I would share with my cousin when she arrived, the three guys would share a bunk room, and Aunt and Uncle had their own bedroom.
Zach came to my room while I changed, timing his entrance to arrive just after I'd pulled off my bra. He stood in the doorway, grinning, watching me.
I paused, facing him, my flannel top in my hand and bare boobs on full display. "Enjoying the view?"
Zach smiled, nodded, and said, "Very much so. Please don't stop on my account."
My nipples responded to his presence—or maybe just the cooler air in the room. I looped my thumbs under the waist of my jeans and pulled them lower by a few inches as I swayed my hips seductively. Then, enjoying the tease, I released my pants and slipped on my PJ top instead.
I watched with amusement as Zach's face fell in disappointment.This is like playing with a controller—I toggle a switch, and he shows his reactions.
I abruptly pulled my jeans and panties off and again paused, facing him, wearing a flannel top and nothing below the waist. My mons was fully visible below my top. Zach's eyes lit up and reflected his appreciation of his view. I felt a warm flutter in my groin, flattered by his reaction.
"You would make a terrible poker player," I laughed. "Your 'tells' are not even remotely subtle. More like 'yells.' Your face reveals your every thought." I pulled on my PJ bottoms and brushed past Zach to return to the other room.
He stopped me and whispered, "Since the four of us are the only ones here, we don't have to be in separate rooms, at least for tonight, right?"
"Mmm, that sounds like a reasonable idea. Save energy, use our body heat to keep warm and all." I patted his firm butt, then went to join the others.
We joined Derek and Ben by the fire and enjoyed a relaxing, casual evening. We chatted, drank some hot chocolate—laced with rum—and caught up on our lives, loves, and romances. By the end of the evening, I was lying on the couch with my head on Derek's lap and my feet on Zach's thighs as we snuggled comfortably. Ben sat on the floor in front of me; I occasionally tousled his hair or patted his shoulder as we spoke. Finally, we decided to get to sleep so we could enjoy skiing in the fresh powder the following day before the new snow got packed down.
Zach and I enjoyed a very warm night together that night.
The next day the slopes were coated with several inches of fresh powdery snow, making the skiing fantastic. Then, unfortunately, the snow began to pick up. It continued throughout the day, causing travel warnings and road closures by mid-afternoon.
My Uncle called Derek to let us know they would have to postpone their arrival until the following day because of the snowstorm—one of the mountain roads was already closed due to blowing and drifting snow. They would update us on their plans as soon as possible. We promised to be careful and assured them that we had enough food, drink, and extra lanterns in case the power went out. Notably, they didn't exhort us to behave, nor did we promise to.
We returned to the cabin late afternoon, made a cozy fire and peeled off our warm layers of ski clothes. We took turns showering. After my shower, I scampered from the bathroom to my bedroom, wearing only a short towel. This included a short trek down a hallway visible from the living room where the guys were sitting. The sudden drop in conversation suggested that the guys' attention followed me as I did.
I felt a thrill of excitement knowing they were watching me—a warm tingle in my belly that I didn't recognize but found pleasurable. I closed my door and peeled off my towel; in the mirror, I saw my nipples standing erect on taut areolae atop my soft rounded breasts.Damn, I'm a little turned on here.I did not expect my reaction.
We spent the time before dinner reading, resting, chatting, and napping. Then, as a group, we created a delicious chili for dinner and talked about Ben's birthday, teasing him and making "now a man" jokes.
After we ate, we celebrated Ben's 18th—"becoming a man"—with the cake and ice cream we had brought. We sang "Happy Birthday" and felt it was acceptable to throw in a few toasts with Prosecco since we were alone with family and no one was driving. Alone being the operative word—no parents.
We all felt mellow, slightly tipsy, and tired from the skiing, the food, and the sparkling wine. After a pleasant, cozy evening, we readied for bed. I offered—and Ben accepted—to give him his first proper kiss as a legal adult. I pulled him under a mistletoe hanging in a doorway, stretched up on my toes, and pressed my lips to his. As we kissed, the tip of our tongues met between our teeth and briefly tested the other. I pulled back and felt a flush of pleasure seeing Ben's pleased, happy expression.
"Mmm, very nice," I said. "Happy Birthday, Ben, and sweet dreams."
Saturday morning was the last day we were able to ski. We woke up to find over ten inches of fresh snow on the ground, and it was still snowing. We debated the wisdom of going out but correctly decided Derek's four-wheel drive SUV could handle it. Once we left the cabin's driveway through the woods, travel was more manageable. The roads had been plowed sometime during the night, so we only had to contend with a few inches of snow. We made it to the ski area without incident.
We skied in the morning, but by early afternoon the heavy snow had increased and was destroying visibility. We decided to quit early because we could no longer see to ski and wanted to get back to the cabin before the roads got impassable, even for the SUV. It was a good choice—the roads were treacherous. When we arrived at the house, the snow was over knee-deep in places as we walked from the car to the door.
"Wow, this is some deep shit here," Zach muttered. "We are definitely going nowhere for a while."
We repeated theapres skiroutine as before: shower, lounge, nap, chat. We had the remaining chili for dinner and imbibed liberal amounts of wine. By dessert, we were all slightly buzzed—relaxed, comfortable with each other, and feeling friendly.
We moved over by the fireplace and discussed whether we wanted to play any games. Digging around, we found several old board games in a cupboard—Scrabble, Monopoly, Yahtzee, cards—but no one seemed particularly enamored with the selection.
Zach jumped up, exclaiming, "Hey, where's your holiday spirit? So here we are, buried under mounds of snow in a remote cabin, on break from school—who could ask for more? Sounds like a romantic holiday getaway if you ask me. We don't need dumb board games to have a frolicking good time!" We chuckled at his proclamation.
He grabbed my hand, pulled me under the mistletoe, and kissed me. Then, he started calling it "kisstle-toe," and the rest of us groaned at the lame pun. But, undeterred, Zach began chasing me around with the mistletoe and holding it over our heads for more kisses.
We all laughed as Zach tried to corner me, saying in a squawky parrot voice, "Braawk, Holly wants a kissy, braawk."
"I think you're the one wanting a kiss, mister-man," I grinned.
Derek then produced a silly red and white Santa hat from somewhere and put it on his head. "You may not know it, but a little-known tradition is that anyone wearing the magic Santa hat has to be kissed, the same as mistletoe."
Zach went up with exaggerated puckered lips as if to kiss Derek, and we all laughed.
Derek stopped Zach with his hand and shook his head. "No, no, the rule is that it has to be someone opposite sex unless special permission is granted. Which I haven't done." Derek looked from one of us to the next, stopping at me. He lifted one eyebrow and smiled mischievously.
Laughing, I pushed Zach aside. "Guess that means the chore falls to me."
As I leaned in to kiss Derek's cheek, he unexpectedly turned to look at me, and my kiss landed square on his lips. We both tensed, jerked back slightly, shot our eyebrows up in surprise, then cracked up laughing.
"You should see the looks on your faces," laughed Zach. "Is that considered a 'Freudian Slip' or a 'Fucked-up' slip?"
Zach turned to Ben. "What do you think, little brother? Is it ok for cousins to kiss if it's in the holiday spirit?"
Ben looked between us, his cheeks reddened. "I don't know, I suppose it's fine. I don't know about cousins, but I'm all for nice kissing. And if it's nice and for a holiday . . . I guess it's all good." He shrugged and looked at us, looking for affirmation.
"All good it is then!" Derek proclaimed, throwing his arms around Ben's and my shoulders, pulling us together in a group side hug.
I turned to face the others—we had naturally formed a loose circle. I picked up and lifted my glass. "Here's to sharing holiday spirits and nice holiday kisses!" We all drank.
Zach reached over, tipped my chin to him, and kissed me sensuously. I smiled, then Derek turned my head to the other side. Derek then also kissed me, fairly chastely, but this time intentionally on the lips. I wasn't sure what to make of that and felt mildly unsettled.Is this still innocent fun here, am I reading more into a simple kiss?
A mischievous thought popped into my head, and I turned to Ben. He made no move to kiss me. I asked, "Have you ever kissed a cousin?
The group fell silent and looked at Ben, who looked decidedly uncomfortable.
"Um, well, not for real. Not likekissing-kissing or anything like that," Ben said.
Zach interjected. "Hang on, hang on a minute. First, I don't know what the hell 'kissing-kissing' means and how that's different from regular kissing. Second, this seems like a great idea for a game like 'Never Have I Ever' or 'Truth or Dare.' Something like that. That sounds fun, don't you think? You guys want to play?"
We all smiled and nodded and thought a game like that sounded fun.
"So, Ben, since you've been put on the spot here, why don't you choose the game," Dereck suggested.
"Ok. Well, personally, I could use a bit more liquid courage here. So, let's go with the 'I Never' one, at least for now, since it involves alcohol."
We scrambled around, pulled the cushions off the chairs, got a bottle of brandy, and sat on the floor by the fire. Zach put on some holiday music to "help get in the spirit" of things.
"Everyone knows the game, right?" Derek said. "The 'Go' person makes a statement, 'never have I ever done X,' and those whohavedone 'X' drink a shot. If no one has done 'X,' the Go person drinks."
We all nodded, confirming our understanding.
"Ok, so we left off with Ben," Zach said. "He was asked a question, and I, for one, didn't understand his answer. So I think it makes sense for him to go first, and we should start with the same topic." He paused and we all nodded our agreement. "Besides, I'm dying to find out what 'kissing-kissing' means."
We all laughed and made kissing and smacking sounds. "So, Ben, why don't you start. Rephrase your earlier answer about kissing cousins as an 'I never' statement."
Ben nodded and sat up with his glass lifted as if he were going to give a toast. "All right then, here we go. Never have I ever kissed a cousin."
We all paused a moment, then every one of us took a shot. Then we all burst out laughing.
Zach regained his composure soonest. "So . . . the first follow-up question." Turning to his brother, he asked, "Ok, before we find out about the rest of us, Ben, what exactly does 'not kissing-kissing' mean?"
We looked at Ben with amusement.
"Well," Ben said. "My cousin Sara and I tried kissing once to see what it was like, and practice for the real thing. It wasn't sexual; we didn't make out or anything. We just wanted to try it for the experience." He looked at us. "So, not likerealkissing, not 'kissing-kissing,' more like a scientific investigation. Like . . . a kissing rehearsal."
Zach nodded sagely as if weighing the merits of Ben's answer. Then he turned to me. "Ok. . . Holly?"
"You all just witnessed me kissing my cousin," I said, trying not to giggle. "That's my story, and I'm stickin' to it."
"Ditto for me," Derek added. "So that leaves you, Zach. Tell us about gettin' naughty with your cuz."
"Hmm, that seems a bit of a cop-out, you two. But ok, kissing a cousin. Make that 'cousins' plural. Although by Ben's definition, this might not have beenkissing-kissing, and I'm pretty sure no one will define it as naughty." Zach chuckled and continued. "A group of us—friends and neighbors—played spin-the-bottle. Two of the group were my cousins, Sofia and Annie. We had a couple of good snogs during the game."
"I think that counts as kissing-kissing, if you ask me," Derek mused. "So, shall we just go around in order? That makes Holly next." The group turned to me.
I pondered how explicit this should go and decided that juicy would be more fun. So I lifted my glass as Ben had done in a mock toast position.
"Ok," I began. A selfie I'd sent to Zach once flashed in my mind: nude from the back looking over my shoulder, lots of side boob and bare ass. "Never have I ever . . . taken a nude selfie."
Everyone took a shot, followed by broad grins.
"And I'm sure we don't want to see any of them—except Holly's, of course," Zach said. Then, looking at me, he asked, "Do you have anything handy that you'd like to share?"
"I think that's a separate question," I replied. "It all depends on who's naughty or nice," I added cryptically while wondering,Does Zach want me to show my pic? Can't tell from his comment.
"So, I'm not clear what you mean here," Ben said. "Do you share your nude selfie if we're naughty or if we're nice?"
"Not telling," I said. I realized I wasn't making sense, but I thought it was fun bantering.
Zack said, "Or, I could share on your behalf—prove your claim." He paused, I think to see if I would object. "It's a great pic. I think we should give everyone a peek. All right if I do?" He asked, carefully measuring my reaction.
I had mixed feelings. I didn't particularly mind if the others saw my pic—I even kind of liked the idea. I was proud of how it turned out. And it wasn't pornographic or anything. But I didn't want to seem slutty or a show-off. Finally, I decided.Why not? It's Christmas time, a time of sharing and giving!I bit my lip and nodded.
"Yes, nice!" Zack exclaimed. He pulled out his phone, flipped through his saved photos, and grinned. He looked up at me one more time—I gave a playful shrug. Then, Zack turned to the others. "This is great. Take a look. Isn't she beautiful?"
He held up his phone with my nude selfie filling the screen and slowly panned it to Ben and Derek. They each nodded as they looked at my bare presentation, muttering unintelligible affirmatives. Ben alternated between looking at the photo and me as if superimposing my nudity on me in-person.
"Ok, that's enough 'Holly-treat' for now," said Zach, snapping off his phone. "And I think it's my turn to go." He waited until he had our attention. "Never have I ever . . . masturbated in a public place!"
There was a group pause, then Zach, Derek, and Ben took shots. I stared at them, then laughed. "Really? You're a bona fide bunch of perverts, the lot of you!" But curiosity got the best of me, and my eyes crinkled. "Now we must hear where, which is part of the same turn."
"Public park, car wash, airplane, and school bathroom," Zach stated.
"School bathroom, under a picnic table, bed of a parked pickup truck," said Derek.
"Well, also the school bathroom, school library, and on a beach," said Ben.
"Remind me to stay out of the men's bathroom at school," I laughed, shaking my head. "Derek? I think it's your go."
Derek nodded and lifted his glass. "Hmm, ok. Never have I ever . . . gone nude in public."
"Does skinny-dipping count?" I asked.
"Absolutely," Derek replied.
Everyone except Ben drank a shot. I stuck out my tongue at him.
"Streaked across the street and back on a dare," Derek said.
"Skinny dipping in a local lake," I added.
"Nude beach, neighbor's swimming pool, outside a department store changing room," Zach said.
"Wait, what was that last one?" Ben asked.
"It was part of a dare. I had to strip naked in a Macy's changing room, then walk out into the commons area for 10 seconds." Zach shrugged. "Technically public, but no one actually saw me. Except for my friends making the dare."
"I'm getting pretty buzzed," I said. "I keep having to drink to all the naughty stuff. So let's switch to Truth or Dare; people can just drink when they want. Sound good?"
The group nodded, and all smiled enigmatically. Each thinking their own naughty thoughts.
"Right then," Zach announced. "Your turn, Ben. Truth or Dare?"
"Truth."
"Ok. What's the craziest thing you've done in front of a mirror?" Zach asked.
Ben looked quizzical and paused as he thought. "I tried to moonwalk and dance to Michael Jackson's 'Thriller'—naked."
We all clapped and hooted, asking for a demonstration or if he had a video. He declined and denied.
Ben said, "Holly's turn. Truth or Dare."
"Truth," I replied.
"How many people have you had sex with?"
I paused, then said, "If you mean actual intercourse, then three."
Ben looked like he was going to say or ask something but fell silent.
"Zach, Truth or Dare," Derek asked.
"Dare."
"Run out to the driveway and back wearing only your underwear."
"Shit, it's colder than a witch's tit out there," Zack muttered. Then, to me, "Pardon my French." I smiled, looked at him expectantly, and said nothing.
"Ok, a dare's a dare, so I'll go. But after this, I vote we stay indoors."
We all agreed that staying in the warm cozy cabin sounded better. Well, better for us, and after Zach did his dare. Couldn't change the rules after a dare had been made and accepted.
Zach took a shot of brandy. Then we all toasted him and drank as well. Zach stripped off until he was only wearing his boxers, rubbed his hands together, and sprinted out into the snowy darkness. He vanished from view into the snowy night within the first three steps—we judged his progress by the volume of his swearing and howling. He reappeared, flushed and wet, and dashed straight to the fireplace to warm up. We all joined him in another shot to provide moral support. He wrapped a blanket around himself but stayed in his boxers.
Zach turned to Derek. "Ok, buddy, Truth or Dare?"
Fearing reprisal for sending Zach into the snow, Derek said, "Truth."
"Ok, name someone you've had a crush on and fancied sexually but never told anyone," Zach queried.
Derek fell uncharacteristically silent, seemingly struggling with the question.
"You have to tell the truth, be honest here," Zach prompted.
I added encouragement. "You know anything is ok with us. We're all friends."
Derek pressed his lips together, then shook his head, took a deep breath, and exhaled deeply. "Well, ok, what the hell." He looked directly at me. "The person is . . . you."
My eyes widened in surprise. I didn't know what to say.
"Whoa, hoo, Derek," Ben clapped. "How about that, Zach?"
"I don't blame him a bit," Zach said lightly, his eyes laughing. "Holly is hot, sexy, and beautiful. Tell me you haven't fantasized about her at some point, Ben."
Ben seemed to have mastered the art of blushing. "Yeah, ok, I suppose I have." He shrugged his shoulders. "Who wouldn't?"
I listened to the bantering about my sexiness with a mixture of embarrassment and arousal. I felt a flutter in my belly, and my nipples decided to perk up and pay attention.
"I think let's move on," I interjected. "A girl can only stand so many accolades and sexual worship." Then, turning to Ben, I prompted him. "Truth or Dare?"
Ben bit his lip and finally said, "Truth."
Repaying his query about my sex life, I asked, "How many people have you had sex with?"
Ben looked down and shook his head. Then looked up and said, "None."
I stared, incredulous. "None? You're a virgin? But you're so good-looking, a great guy. I would think there'd be girls lining up to sleep with you. There's never been someone?"
"There was someone, once. We nearly did it." Ben shook his head as if waving away a bad memory. "But . . . it didn't work."
Zach asked, genuine concern in his voice, "What didn't work? Did something happen?"
"Maybe it worked too well. I was with a girl, and we intended to go all the way. But I came as soon as I pulled myself out of my pants. Came without her even touching it. Never got anywhere near putting it in her."
"What did she do? Was she a bitch? Did she hurt you?" Zach said with a tinge of anger—he was in older brother protective mode.
"NO. She said, 'never mind, it happens sometimes, don't worry about it—she was nice. But that was the last time we were together as a couple. I haven't been nude or close with a girl since."
"Well, that sucks," Derek muttered. "Hey, let's get back to happy things, like happy holiday kissing!" He jumped up, put on his Santa hat, and spun around.
"You have something in mind?" I asked playfully.
Derek looked at me. "Dare?"
"Ok, dare."
"Kiss each man in the room for 10 seconds; a juicy, sexy kiss! A 'Holly-dare' kiss."
I nodded and smiled. "Well, if I must, I'll try my best to suffer through my obligations."
I walked up to Zach first, looking up into his chocolate eyes. I asked quietly, "You ok?" He responded by pulling me into him and pressing his lips firmly to mine with a humming sound. My body stirred in response, enjoying the masculine taste and feel, the faint musky scent of his aftershave.
I went to Ben next, lifted his chin, and smiled. "Happy Birthday, sexy-beasty-boy, and joyous holidays." I planted my lips on him, our lips meshing. I felt my breasts press against his toned chest and tickled my tongue inside his lips, enjoying his response in kind.
Finally, I stepped up to Derek, and he took me in his arms. I tilted my head back, and our lips connected. I could feel his hunger and instinctively opened my mouth to allow our tongues to dance. As we kissed, I felt his erection swell and press against me.
"Whew," I said as we broke away.Is it weird that I just french-kissed my cousin and am ok with it? More than ok, that I liked it?
I fanned my hand in front of my neck and face and said in a mock southern-belle accent, "I do declare, I think I might be getting the vapors!"
Amidst the group's chortles, Ben asked, "What are the vapors?"
I shook my head, "Never mind, it's not really that funny, just an old southern phrase, I think. Let's carry on with the game."
Ben shrugged and asked Zack, "Ok, your turn. Truth or Dare?"
Zach considered. "Truth."
"What is a secret fantasy you have about Holly that you've never told anyone?"
I caught my breath, wondering what Zach would say.Wow, this might be interesting.
"Oh, man. Um, ok. So, well, I have variations on an idea—to sort of show Holly off so guys can see her. See her body, sexy or even nude. We go out—planned in advance—and Holly pretends to accidentally flash or expose herself in public or to a specific person. I watch the response, and she acts like she is unaware. This could be a simple peek down her top and see her boobs or up her skirt without underwear. I love the idea of guys getting turned on by her, seeing her, but knowing we were together."
My belly fluttered as I heard Zach's fantasy. I could see it happening in my mind, and I loved it. The thought of using my feminine power to arouse men, but safely.Woah, I think I've just discovered an exhibitionist streak in me.
"Fuck, that's so hot," Derek said.
"Actually, it kind of is," I added. The men looked at me with a mix of surprise and delight.
I looked at Derek. "Your turn, Derek. Truth or Dare?"
Without hesitation, he answered, "Dare."
I regarded Zach in his boxers and reflected on his fantasy about me.What the heck, why not.
I said to Derek, "Well, women like a nice looky-loo too, you know. Since everyone apparently agrees that showing some skin is sexy, I dare you to do a striptease and then stay nude for two minutes." I wasn't sure how he'd take it or if I'd gone too far. But he jumped right into the spirit of things. I'm confident the alcohol helped.
"Ok, stand back and be amazed, folks!" Derek announced as he pushed his arms against imaginary crowds. "Music, maestro!" He said to his imaginary DJ. We all started clapping in rhythm and singing the melody to the "stripper" tune. Our discordant singing clashed with the music playing in the room, but none of us were bothered by it.
Derek reached out, grabbed a shot glass of brandy with his mouth, and tossed it back with no hands as we cheered. He swung his hips widely back and forth, in an exaggerated parody of a sexy stripper, then thrust his pelvis forwards and back, almost falling over. His shirt came off next, exposing his muscular chest and abs—a sight I, at least, appreciated.
We clapped in time as he swung his shirt in circles before tossing it to Ben. Then, pulling his pants down, he mooned us and swiveled his butt. Finally, he stood naked, looked over his shoulder, and spun to face us, legs apart, arms up.
Ta-da," he yelled.
We burst into applause, cheering, hooting, and laughing until tears ran down our faces. Derek stood for a moment, then slowly rotated like a nude statue on a music box—a well-toned, masculine statue. He had dusty blonde hair, blue eyes, and a sculpted, defined body. His nice-looking cock seemed mostly, but not totally, flaccid. It swayed with his movements, balls swinging like little pendulums. I wondered what he would look like erect, which triggered a warm wave of arousal in my groin.
I hadn't seen Derek nude since we were children, where we would play "doctor" in our innocence and explore with fascination the differences between our bodies. But neither of us had any sexual interest or development then, and we had changed significantly. This was a completely different person—a strong, sexy man. He strode about the room and got a drink, seemingly uncaring about his nudity. I had to admire his self-confidence.
"Ok, two minutes are up," Zach called out. "Clothing is optional," he added, chuckling.
Derek wrapped his discarded shirt around his waist. He tied the arms together so the shirt hung down his front and covered his genitals, leaving his butt exposed. He looked like he was wearing a half-loincloth.
Zach turned to his brother. "Ben, your turn. Truth or Dare?"
Ben looked skeptical, clearly wary of either option. Finally, he responded. "Ok, well, I haven't done a dare yet, so Dare."
Derek offered the next dare. "This might be easy. We'll see. Ok, stand facing Holly. You have 30 seconds to drop your pants and wank yourself to a full hard-on."
Ben looked stricken. "What, really?" He looked at me—I bit my lower lip, shrugged, and nodded.
Derek said, "Timer? Ok, GO."
Ben scrambled to drop his pants to his knees, freeing his cock and balls. He was already semi-erect right out of the gate, and with several quick strokes, his cock stood tall and proud.
"Well, that took all of ten seconds," Zach laughed.
I looked at Ben's hard cock, bobbing around as he slowly pulled its length. "Seems you still have a little time left," I offered, captivated by his iron shaft. "You're not allowed to put it away yet."
Ben's stroking slowed and stopped. He waited a few seconds, his body tense. Then he breathed out a sigh and pulled his pants back up.
It took me a moment to register that he had nearly cum and staved it off.Good man, nice control.I thought with appreciation.
"Ok, Holly, you're up. Truth or Dare?" Zach asked.
I felt quite happy, buzzed, and in the spirit of adventure. "Dare me, lover."
"Derek has set a high bar here, but I dare you to do the same: striptease and stay nude for two minutes." Zach looked at me with lust and excitement as he spoke.
Adrenaline rushed through me and my pussy clenched at the thought of being nude in front of these men.They've already seen me naked in the picture; this is just a bit more. I can do this.I beamed and walked to the center of the room, confident and ready. I knew I couldn't out-parody Derek, so I decided to stick with straight-out sexy.
Gyrating hips, swiveling shoulders, and seductive looks accompanied my stripping. Then, with my back to my audience, I slipped my shirt down off my shoulders and held it at my elbows. I blew a kiss back over my bare shoulders to the guys. Then I dropped the shirt and, with my hands covering my nipples, I turned to face them and swayed my hips.
I released one hand and revealed my nipple, replaced it, then the other, then pulled both hands away and showed my full breasts. My areolae contracted, and my nipples hardened as they were exposed to the air, which excited me even more. Next, I circled my nipples with my fingers and jiggled my breasts with my hands, overtly teasing the onlookers.
My breasts were firm, with only a slight droop, and my nipples were a deep pink, almost brown tone. They were framed by my long auburn hair, which tickled the sides of my tits.
I gyrated my pelvis, then slowly pulled my pants down, still facing the men. Inch by inch, my trimmed patch of pubic hair appeared, my bare labia, then my legs. My pubic hair was dark brown with auburn highlights, closely matching my natural hair color. I wondered if the wetness I felt seeping out of my pussy was visible to my audience. The mental image of drops of moisture visibly clinging to my vulva triggered even more juices to flow.
Fully nude, I mimicked Derek's music box dancer slow pivot, giving clear and explicit views of all sides of my body. Then, I paused to bend forward and gave my bum wiggle. As I did so, I became aware of sounds—sounds that clarified into voices, then clapping. I realized they had been cheering me on the whole time, but I had somehow tuned out the sounds, lost in my bubble of wanton arousal. I grinned and curtsied, an elegant ballerina acknowledging her adoring fans.
I walked over to the sink and poured a drink of water, well aware that every eye was glued to my nakedness. And liked the feeling. I returned to the fireplace, sipped my glass, and pondered whether I felt like putting clothes on.
Derek's voice broke through my reverie. "Ok, so Zach's next. Truth or Dare?"
"I'll go with a Truth for a change."
"Hmm. If you could become invisible, what's the first thing you'd do?"
Zach laughed. "Well, maybe it's the situation here, but the first thing that popped into my head was to spy on women—changing, nude, or having sex."
We all groaned and chuckled. Then Ben added, "With Holly right here, I wouldn't see the need to spy on other women."
"Aww, you're so sweet, Ben," I cooed.
"Derek. Truth or Dare?" I asked.
"I'll go with another Dare."
"Can I give this one? I have an idea," Zach interjected. I shrugged my shoulders and nodded.
"Ok. Derek, I dare you to touch and kiss Holly's boobs for 30 seconds each."
I held still, my mind racing.But, hey, don't I . . . I guess I don't have a say in this. This was a step beyond kissing or just show and tell. And with my cousin. Should I say something? Stop it?
But the thought of my breasts being fondled and kissed sexually, especially in front of everyone, sent little electric tickles through my body. And being touched sexually out in the open by my cousin—even though it should be wrong—made my pussy moist. So I let Derek choose, hoping it would be a yes.
Then, having resolved my quandary, I figured some light encouragement would help. So I snatched the Santa "kissing hat" from Derek's head and put it on. "I understand the wearer of the magic Santa hat has to get kissed—but the rules don't say where."
I turned, sat on the couch, and presented my bare breasts with my hands on my hips and chest jutting forward. I bit my lower lip, grinned coyly, and waited.
Derek unconsciously licked his lips and looked from one person to another, then back to me. Finally, he moved confidently forward and dropped to his knees in front of me. Taking my left breast in his hand, he leaned in, licked around my nipple, then gently sucked it between his lips.
The touch sent a surge of pleasure into my pussy. I felt my wetness, and I longed to touch myself—I was seriously turned on, and it took all my self-control to resist masturbating right then. I lolled my head back and lost myself in tantalizing pleasure as Derek licked, kissed, caressed, and sucked one boob and then the other.
I became aware of hooting and cheering, which I think had again been happening most of the time without my being conscious of it. Finally, as Derek's time came up, he stopped, and I looked up at him. I'd forgotten he was only wearing a shirt around his waist—it had slipped off during his ministrations. He now stood naked, with a full-on erection pointing up to the ceiling. I watched it throb as he stepped back from me.
"Wow, nice," I managed to mutter. "And that definitely expands the meaning of the term, 'kissing cousins," I said a bit louder. The group laughed at my remark.
With some difficulty, I shook the euphoria I was beginning to enjoy and refocused on the group, on the game. "So, who's next? Where are we in the order?" I didn't bother to put my clothes back on, as our dress code seemed to have significantly relaxed over the past hour.
"Ben, I think," Derek said. "Truth or Dare?"
"Let's try Truth." Ben seemed more confident, more at ease than before.
"Ok, then," Derek said. "What's the most times you've cum in a single day, say in 24 hours?"
"Gee, I'm not sure," Ben mused. He flicked his eyes up to the side as he thought. "I know I've cum five times, but I might have done six times."
We all stared for a moment, fairly impressed. I don't think any of us had kept track or tried to see how many times it was possible. I didn't know for sure. I understood that men took longer to "recharge," so that many times seemed like a substantial number to me.
Zach spoke up. "Wow, busy guy, that's a lot . . . and sorry it was all self-administered. Some lucky chick is clearly missing out on some admirable vigor." He then said to me, "Ok then, Holly. Truth or Dare?"
For reasons unknown, I burst out with made-up lyrics to the tune of an old children's song. "Well, mares eat oats, and dares eat oats and little men like Holly . . . so give me a dare to play, and show me the way!" I looked at Zach smugly, proud of my songwriting skills. Definitely alcohol induced.
Zach smiled. "Maybe keep your day job, darling." He looked up and down my naked body and smiled broader. "I dare you to stroke Ben's dick through his underwear—for 30 seconds."
Ben turned red with shock and embarrassment, but his erection bulged visibly in his pants. I looked at Zach, seeking confirmation that he was serious. I lifted my eyebrows in a 'really?' expression and received a nod and smirk.
"All right then, big boy, let's do this." I gestured to Ben's crotch.
Ben nervously undid his pants and slid them down to his ankles. His boxers did nothing to hide Ben's ramrod-straight, sizable cock. I reached out and gripped his erection through his boxers, wrapping my hand around as far as I could through the material. His cock felt hot even through his boxers and twitched at my touch.
I looked at Zach. "You timing this?"
Laughing, Zach looked at his bare wrist and pretended to click a watch. "Ready . . . GO!"
I gently rubbed Ben up and down his shaft, feeling the soft cotton against his hardness. After about ten seconds, I noticed a tiny circle of wetness at the tip, soaking through his underwear.Pre-cum, he's really worked up here.Continuing stroking, I watched with fascination as the dime-sized drop grew and spread along the fabric to maybe the size of a half-dollar.
"Time!" Zach called out, which startled me. I jerked my hand away in response.
Ben's face was flushed, and his cock strained to escape his boxers. He kicked his pants off his ankles and remained in his underdressed state. He looked at his brother. "Ok. Zach's up next. Zach, truth or dare?"
"Definitely dare, bro." Zach smiled in anticipation.
"Well, I dare you to strip nude while singing "Jingle Bells" as loudly as you can," Ben began. "Then sing it once more when fully naked—and each time you say the word 'bells,' you have to rock your hips, so your dick and balls swing like bell clappers."
We all cracked up laughing and cheered Zach on. He hooted and stripped off his boxers without drama. But then, he really hammed it up when repeating the song naked. He danced around the room, and when he got to the word 'bells,' he would stop, draw out the word "b-e-l-l-s-s-s," and swing his hips in big circles, his genitals flopping and swinging wildly.
"Careful with those things. You might hurt yourself," I called out with glee.
Zach danced over to me and thrust his pelvis toward my face. Then, in a little-boy voice, he said, "Ouchy, I got a boo-boo hurt! Kiss it and make it better, mommy."
I grabbed Zach's penis and playfully kissed the tip. Then I ran my tongue around and took the head into my lips, making a loud slurping sound. Then I patted it and pushed him away. I hardly registered that I was doing this in front of everyone. I was just caught up in the fun and feeling good.
Ben and Derek watched my antics, enthralled and grinning. At this point, Ben was wearing only his boxers, and Derek, Zach, and I were naked. Well, I was, except for the Santa hat. We all seemed comfortable and at ease with our lack of attire, and the fire kept the room toasty and cozy, plenty warm on our bare skin.
Derek filled our glasses and raised a toast. "Here's to happy times and beautiful friends. And sexy elves." We laughed and drank. Then Derek questioned, "Where's that special holiday kisstle-toe?" Spotting it, he picked it up, grabbed my hand, and pulled me along. He said in a sing-song voice, "Happy times, happy kisses, here I come with my kissing elf."
Derek pulled me over and held the mistletoe over Ben's head. I grabbed both sides of Ben's face and mashed a big kiss on his lips. Next, we danced over to Zach and repeated the sequence. Then Dereck held the sprig over his own head, and I complied with my duty and gave him a sloppy snog. He then lowered the mistletoe and held it above his crotch.
I looked up at Derek, my eyes twinkling and my mood free and uninhibited. "You naughty boy, you! I laughed, grabbed his dick, and gave it a quick peck.
Derek spun me around and back to Ben, holding the sprig by his rear end. I shook my head, chuckling with pretend affront. "Now you want me to be an ass-kisser!" I gave Ben's bum a kiss through his boxers.
I was feeling a mix of frivolity, arousal, and reckless abandon by the time we both collapsed on the cushions, laughing. Then, after regaining control of my mirth, I sat up and asked, "Whose turn is it now? This is getting quite interesting!"
Zach responded. "Ok, let's see. I think I'm up." Zach looked at each of us in turn. Then, with a glint in his eye and a mischievous smile, he said, "Ok. So, my next dare." Locking his eyes directly to mine, "I dare Ben to lick . . . hmm, for one minute. . ."
My eyes widened as I realized I would certainly be the recipient of this next contact.
"Lick, for one minute . . . Holly's pussy!"
I froze. We all froze. No one reacted for a pregnant pause. I looked at Zach, unsuccessfully trying to read his intent. My mind raced again.This is more than just teasing or a game. But, on the other hand, we're naked and have already touched and kissed some of our sexy bits.
"I think my little Bro needs more experience now that he's a man. And I'm happy if he's happy—you know, holiday spirit and all," Zach added, trying to lighten the mood and ease us into his desires.
Zach wants me to do this. Or rather, wants to watch someone else do it to me. Is this too much? But shit, this sounds so hot. I'm so wet.Imagining being licked in front of these men, I was more turned on than nervous. And while my mind rationalized the situation, my body betrayed my sexual, physical responses—crinkling areolae, stiffening nipples, warming groin, and pussy juices flowing.
I leaned back against the cushion I was sitting on and parted my legs to reveal my moist, swollen pussy. The cool air across my labia caused my pussy to tingle.
I smiled. "Oh, goodie, I get an early Christmas present. So who's timing us?" My breath became ragged with anticipation.
Derek's jaw snapped shut as he realized he was staring with his mouth open, followed by an ear-to-ear grin. He turned to Zach. "It's your dare. Start the clock." And to Ben, he said, "Chance in a lifetime, my man, taste the rainbow."
Ben looked from Derek to Zach, then to me, his expression flashing uncertainty, arousal, and shyness. Then he gave a mischievous and delighted smile, held up his chin, and pulled his shoulders wide with confidence.
He dropped and crawled forward like a cat stalking its prey. He leaned in between my open legs, eyes transfixed as he drank in the sight of my aroused and puffy labia. He glanced up at me, and our eyes met. I gave an almost imperceptible nod, and we both focused between my legs.
I propped up on my elbows so I could see, and from my angle, I saw drops of wetness clinging to my small patch of trimmed pubes, glistening in the firelight. Ben closed his eyes and inhaled deeply; a smile pulled at the corners of his mouth, revealing his attraction to my sweet, pungent aroma of arousal.
He leaned in and ran his tongue tentatively between my pussy lips, tasting me. My pelvis contracted, and my legs trembled as he experimented with his tongue, circled up and around my clit, then repeated the movement.
Warm arousal spread deep in my groin, my pussy lips tingling and sensitive. I pressed my pelvis forward, wanting more contact with my clit. Ben explored my sex, circling his tongue first without direct contact, then pressed the flat of his tongue onto my clit, causing me to shiver with pleasure. He flicked, circled, and sucked my nub, humming quietly. I could faintly detect the scent of my arousal mixed in with his masculine aroma.
"Time!" Shouted Zach, adding, "Fuck, that was hot." He laughed as Ben started, pulled away from my pussy, and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
"And shit. Way, way, too quick," I added with a mix of humor and frustration.
"Yeah, it was hot," Ben said. "And tasty. And wonderful."
I looked at Zach, Derek, and Ben. They all showed raw lust in their eyes and sported erect cocks. My vagina quivered in response. The situation felt like a dream—the warmth of the fire, music playing in the background, the touching, the excitement. Three men aroused and hungry for me, with the cabin's snow-covered windows and rustic walls as the backdrop. I wanted them, wanted to be pleasured, my libidinous desires clouding out any reservations about the situation or our various relationships.
I lay on the cushions, still propped up slightly on my elbows. My pussy remained exposed and aroused, and my breasts were swollen with erect nipples. I slowly nodded. Waiting.
Derek rocked back on his heels and mulled aloud. "My turn to give a dare, hmm." We looked at him with anticipation. Finally, he seemed to arrive at a decision and nodded to himself.
"Well," Derek began. "Since we're already about there, ok. My dare is . . . I dare Zach . . ." He looked at each of us, dragging out the dare the way Zach did, building tension. "Dare him . . . to have sex with Holly in four different positions, for 30 secs each." He looked at us with a self-satisfied expression.
No one moved. We sat immobile for a few seconds, processing this, wondering how others felt, how we felt. But no one objected. I didn't object. I didn't know about the guys, but I felt a surge of arousal at the thought. I was so worked up that I was beyond caring that I would be on display—that we would both be on display. I yearned to be filled by Zach's cock. Thoughts about having sex in front of Derek and Ben turned me on even more.
Ben found his voice and spoke first. "What sort of positions? What do you mean—what are you saying?"
Derek grinned and methodically listed the specifics. "Four different positions, 30 seconds each." He then counted along his fingers. "One, normal missionary; two, doggie style from behind; three, Holly on top facing him in a straddle; and four, modified missionary with Zach kneeling and lifting Holly's hips up in a semi-bridge."
I watched Zach, his terrible poker face flashing his excitement and approval of each description. He was clearly imagining doing each position along with Derek's words. And loving it. So was I.
"Fuck, Derek, that is oddly specific," I said. "Something you've been contemplating much?"
Derek looked sheepish. "Hey, I've already admitted fantasizing about you . . . can't blame me!" He looked alternately at Zack and at me. "So . . .?"
I grinned and reached out to Zack, wanting to keep things moving before the mood shifted. I wanted to live this fantasy. "Come here, big boy, give me that dick of yours." I realized I was still wearing the Santa hat. "You have to. I'm wearing the special 'fuck-me' hat."
Ben started to interject. "I thought it was a kissing . . . hat." His voice trailed off as he realized the foolishness of his comment. "Never mind," he added quietly.
Zach shuffled over, his erect penis bobbing in front of him as he moved between my legs. I watched, my vagina waiting, as his hard cock hovered outside my pussy.
"Ok, start timing," Zach called out.
"And . . . go," Derek barked.
Zach pressed his cock into my folds, pulled back slightly, and slid the head around between my juicy labia for lubrication. Then he entered fully inside me, our pelvises meeting. My vagina clenched with pleasure, the friction of his turgid cock sending electric sparks through my body. He started moving in and out, and I began to feel my pleasure building. Barely building because we were interrupted by Derek.
"Time! Switch!" Derek called out, startling us.
Oh, that was definitely too soon!
Zach pulled out, leaving an empty feeling between my legs. I flipped over and onto my hands and knees. I arched and pushed my ass back, opening my pussy in invitation. I was rewarded with the warm fullness of Zach's return to my canal. He immediately started thrusting forcefully in and out, and I pressed back to meet him. We fell into a coordinated rhythm.
"Time, switch!"
Argh, too soon again! I was just getting going.My frustration matched my arousal.
Zach pulled out of me and scooted around to lie on his back. His cock stood tall and upright like a tentpole, glistening and coated with my juices. I strongly desired to taste it, but my vagina's craving overruled that idea. So instead, I crawled over him, legs straddling his hips, my pussy hovering above his yearning cock.
I glanced over and smiled at Ben and Derek—at some point, Ben had discarded his boxers and joined us in our nudity. They both watched, transfixed, each stroking their rigid erections.
I held Zach's shaft and pointed it at my vagina's opening. I lowered my hips until I felt his cockhead press between my swollen labia and tickle my vagina's entrance. Then I released my grip on his dick and sunk down, fully enveloping him inside me.
"Ahhmm," I moaned softly. "That's nice." I gyrated my hips as I rode up and down his shaft, rubbing my clit against his pelvis. Pulses of pleasure rippled through my body.
I sat up and pulled Zach's hands against my breasts, lifting and squeezing them. My nipples hardened to sharp points against his palms in response. I began grinding my pelvis faster when we were again interrupted by Derek's time call.
"Next position, last one."
Fuck, I'm going crazy here! 30 seconds is no time. Frustrating!
Zach sat up facing me, his cock still buried deep in my vagina. He lifted me up so my legs could swing under him and laid me back in a missionary position. He then slid his hands under my hips and lifted my pelvis as he stretched to kneeling. I was in a straight-line bridge position: shoulders down, hips and groin up against his crotch, feet on the cushion next to his legs. His cock never left my pussy.
"Ah, yeah, good," I murmured. I ground my pelvis against Zach's and undulated my hips up and down as he pumped deep inside me. I gripped him with my vaginal walls, massaging his throbbing muscle. His breath became ragged, and I knew he was close, building to climax.
"Ok, time's up, that's it," Derek called out, his eyes glued to our joining.
We ignored him. Zach didn't stop—instead, he increased his speed and intensity. I reached under and cupped his balls, gently pulling and kneading them. A few seconds later, he suddenly thrust extra deep, pelvis forward, ass clenched, and back slightly arched. I felt his balls contract and spasm in my hand, then felt jets of semen erupt inside me. His body trembled as he ejaculated.
"Arr, oh, shit, yeah," Zach grunted with pleasure with each spurt as he came.
My vagina rippled with tiny palpitations, milking his shaft. A tiny rather than full-blown orgasm, more like an appetizer to Zach's full-course meal. My wanton sexual hunger was staved off somewhat but nowhere near abated. I exhaled slowly and sighed an unintelligible sound.
Zach released my hips and followed them down to the cushions, dropping forward onto me, panting deeply. He propped himself on his forearms, his mouth spread into a dreamy smile. "Wow," he said. "Mmm."
Our game was sidelined for a few moments as Derek and Ben absorbed the spectacle they had just witnessed. Zach and I caught our breath, our genitals still joined. I soon felt Zach's softening cock slip out of my vagina with a silent plop, followed by a small dribble of thick cum that leaked out and down across my puckered anus.
Zach rolled off me and lay next to me. "I love holiday snow storms."
"Wow. That was amazing," Ben commented. "So damn hot." He shook his head in wonder, still gripping his engorged dick, absently stroking it as he spoke. "You're a lucky guy, Zacky." His expression flickered between wistfulness and anguish.
I sat up and stretched. "I think I want one of these magic Santa 'fucking' hats all year round." I chuckled. "But Derek, let me tell you, thirty seconds is barely enough time to get going—the constant changes in position were torture for me."
Derek chortled. "Sorry about that, my bad."
"I feel a bit selfish, Holly, leaving you unfulfilled here—usually, your orgasms are like a tsunami of passion." Zach sat and smiled at me. "But the night is young, and if you're a good girl, maybe Santa will know and bring you treats."
Derek took in the situation, an indecipherable look on his face as he pondered something. He then picked up a glass and struck an odd picture: naked, glass lifted as if making a toast, cock standing at attention, bobbing around as he moved.
"Well, I'll drink to wonderful people and amazingly wonderful fucking." Derek took a drink and reflected. "But it seems we've got a situation that's not fair to Holly or Ben. Zach's poor baby brother has been neglected and tormented by seeing marvels just beyond his reach. Marvels so tantalizing, from which he has been deprived his whole life." Glancing at me, he added, "And I don't believe Holly here is fully sated. Tortured by short-time calls."
Zach nodded, understanding where Derek was going, and smiled benignly with a hint of mischief. He looked to me, seeking silent affirmation or rejection—I was still so aroused by then that the thought of more pampering and sex was my singular consideration. With a lustful fire in my eyes, I bit my lower lip and allowed a broad smile to bloom across my face.
I affected a stilted Tarzan cadence. "Yes. Holly agree. Torment bad. Fucking good." I couldn't keep a straight face and spat out a laugh.
Derek briefly inclined his head and lifted his glass. "So now, then, let the games continue. I dare Ben . . . dare Ben to . . . have sex with Holly for three minutes!"
The shocked look on Ben's face was priceless. His cheeks reddened, and he flashed his eyes alternately to me and then to Zach. Hope and panic in a battle for control. "Really?"
Zach nodded with a smile. "Go for it, Bro, time for you to feel the rapture. This is a special occasion, though," he cautioned. "So don't think it's an open invitation, even if she wears the magic hat."
We all chuckled. Ben turned to me, giving me a pussy-stirring look of desire. I was still on my back, legs apart, pussy wet with a mix of juices and cum, open and inviting. I focused on Ben's turgid cock as it visibly throbbed, pre-cum glistening on its head.
"You heard the man," I said. "Ready, willing, and able here!"
Ben moved over between my legs and knelt down, his cock twitching and pulsing with anticipation. He hesitated just outside his goal and stared at my open petals, fascinated. As if he were trying to imprint the moment and image into his mind.
"Go on, man, don't just look," I heard Zach encourage, as if off in the distance.
Ben nodded briefly to Zach and turned his attention back to me. Suddenly his face contorted into a grimace, and while just inches outside my gaping vaginal opening, his cock spasmed and shot a blast of cum onto my pubes and belly.
"Quick, put it in 'er, fast," yelled Derek as the second rope of cum splattered my labia.
Ben lunged forward, launching his cock towards my open vagina like an arrow to a bullseye while shooting semen like an uncontrolled firehose. As he closed in, another spurt of cum splashed over my pussy lips and partially into my waiting opening. Ben slammed his dick straight into my vagina and pressed deep inside me. I felt his cock pulse with more jets of cum as our pelvises met. Ben arched back, holding inside me and making low guttural moans. He just stayed that way as his climax petered out. He panted and gave a few tentative pushes forward and back as his breathing gradually slowed as his spent cock slipped out.
Ben dropped his head. "Sorry."
"WAY to go, Ben, you are a MAN now," shouted Zach with a big smile. He clapped his brother on the back in congratulations.
Ben's expression was almost comical, a mix of pleasure, embarrassment, and disappointment. "Yeah, it was great . . . but I don't really feel like I had sex, you know. I mean, I came too soon. Again."
"Hey, at least you got your dick inside her pussy, so it counts," Zach said with encouragement. "You just need a bit more practice. Trust me, next time, you'll be great."
"I suppose so," Ben added, trying to shake his disappointment.
"Well, I count that as a successful dare, even if a bit quick on the draw," Derek said.
I followed the discourse. I felt more cum oozing out and down my thighs.Fuck, I'm so damn horny. I want more, just want to be fucked—and cum properly.
Derek then surprised me and ran his finger along my thigh, up to my pussy, and along my cum soaked slit. I started and looked at him, and my pussy gave little spasms of pleasure. I said nothing, disconcerted as to how I felt about the contact.I'm turned on and want my cousin to touch me—I'm pretty sure I want him to fuck me. What's the matter with me? Is this ok? It seems more than ok . . . it seems good.
Derek watched his finger as he ran it along my pussy, then looked away from me and over at Ben with admiration. "Cum soon or not, that was fuckin' hot, you lucky bastard. And you got to be in her. You got to feel your cock inside sexy, gorgeous, Holly. I'll tell you, I'm certifiably jealous. Shit."
Turning to me, Derek said, "And you. Seeing you like this—naked, watching you having sex, seeing you filled with cum—is like a fantasy come true." Then, with a rueful look, he added, "Well, maybe notfullycome true. Call it a fantasynearlycome true."
My adrenaline, arousal, and likely the alcohol swirled through my mind, and I was utterly caught up in the moment. My pussy ached to be filled and fucked, feeling short-changed by not properly cumming with Zach and the premature ending to Ben's first time. I lay there, pussy swollen, wet, and craving attention. I slowly circled my clit with my fingers. Semen coated my labia and seeped from my vagina.
With a mischievous look, I turned to Zach. "Well, I hear that fantasies sometimes do fully come true, especially during holidays. It seems like tonight just might be the night for it. What do you think?" I tipped my head a fraction towards Derek as if I were seeking Zach to give some kind of validation and tacit permission for what I wanted to do. The very taboo, frowned-on-by-society, and scandalous act I so brazenly craved.
Zach gave a little shrug, but his eyes were alight with hunger and excitement—he made no attempt to mask the salacious thoughts churning through his mind. Shaking his head in wonderment, "He's your cousin. It's up to you. But I do hate to see a man so deprived . . . "
Derek watched this exchange with cautious eagerness and disbelief, looking between Zach and me. "No shit?" His dick was iron-hard and seemed to pulse with anticipation. He apparently had no qualms about committing the ultimate act of incest with a cousin.
I stretched out my arms with a chuckle. "No shit. Now get over here and give me some of that man meat." I stared pointedly at his turgid penis and sensuously licked my lips. My desire had crossed over to the irrational.
Derek hesitated only a moment, gave a huge shit-eating grin, and moved over to me. His eyes burned with lust as he drank in my naked, sweaty body—my nipples erect and my pussy hot, dripping, and inviting.
"Oh, yeah, let's show Ben how to pleasure a woman," Derek said.
Derek ran his hands across my belly and cupped my boobs. My nipples tightened into his strong palms as he squeezed and gently pulled my nipples, causing a tremble deep in my pussy. He kissed one nipple, ran his tongue around it, then moved to the other and did the same. Sensitive pulses shot down and through my body, and his rough hands against my soft skin made me feel so feminine, so wanted.
He stood up, trailed his fingers across my undulating abs, and again down through my trimmed patch of pubic hair and between my swollen labia lips. I shuddered as he brushed my clit, and again as he circled it with his thumb.
I felt Derek's hard dick press against my cum soaked pussy. He slowly ran his cock head up and down and around, smearing the mix of my pussy juice and semen around my sopping labia, clit, and his cock. I shivered and felt my vagina palpitate with arousal.
"Mmmm, I need you inside me, please," I begged as I watched his hard dick stand out below his toned abs. My want had become overwhelming and unconstrained.
Derek slid his well-lubricated cock into me, stretching my walls with a delightful fullness. As he pressed in farther, my vagina clenched and gripped as if it sought to hold onto the beautiful pressure. I contracted my pelvis and grabbed my breasts, squeezing them up, together, and around, then teased my nipples as he pumped deep in and out of me.
I ran my hand down to where his cock met my pussy, and began circling my clit in sync with his thrusts. My belly undulated in fast waves as I gyrated and rubbed my clit as he fucked me. I swam in ecstasy, letting my body relish the stimulation, the warmth, and the sexual surges within. Soon, the familiar and welcome stirring of a climax began to build, first fleeting, then more definite.
"Yes. . . oh, god, yeah. . . fuck." I gasped with heavy breaths. "So good. Keep going."
Derek grunted with pleasure and exertion and began slamming faster and harder into my tunnel. He slipped his hands under my thighs and folded my legs toward my shoulders, allowing him to press deeper into me. I gasped as his cock head brushed my cervix with the deepest thrusts. I could see sweat glistening on his well-toned chest, muscles flexing and rippling as he held me. I loved his animalistic power, dominating and fulfilling at once.
"God, you are so beautiful . . . perfect," Derek muttered. "This is what heaven is. I've dreamed of this for so long."
A warmth spread through me at his words, my body responding and my mind agreeing.
Derek sped up his thrusting and started breathing heavily and rapidly, signaling his climax was approaching. I matched his approach by furiously rubbing my clit, arching my pelvis, and clenching his cock with my pussy.
My body convulsed and was wracked with spasms deep inside my vagina, radiating out and causing my whole body to tremble as I came. I moaned and pinched my nipple with my other hand, sending a jolt of pleasure down my body, crashing into my genitals from above.
My orgasm triggered Derek's. He made grunting sounds as he arched his back and held his cock deep inside me as he came. I could feel the burst of semen shooting into me, his penis pulsing as it pumped out spurts of cum.
Finally, as if his muscles suddenly lost power, he let go of my legs and collapsed on top of me, our sweat-covered chests pressing together. We panted, breathing out of rhythm like some syncopated wind song. I felt his penis soften, still inside me, still connected.
Realizing what happened—that I had just had sex with my cousin—began to permeate my thoughts. Our connection was both wonderful and potentially very awkward and uncomfortable. Both because of our familial relationship and because Zach, my occasional lover and Derek's best friend, was watching. And who knew what Ben was thinking of all this.
"Ok, you lug, off you go," I said, trying to make light of the situation as I pushed Derek's weight off me and sat up.
His penis popped out of me, accompanied by a glop of cum. I realized, and to my surprise, felt oddly pleased, that I now had three loads of semen in my vagina.
I looked over at Zach and Ben, unsure of their reactions. What happened was much more intense than my earlier moments with Zach and Ben. I seemed to have gotten caught up and lost in my sexual maelstrom and lost connection with reality.
I needn't have worried because both Zach and Ben had big smiles, rock-hard cocks in hand, and were slowly stroking themselves. They appeared to be in the same playful, horny, and tipsy mood as before. My inner delight at being with my cousin and our powerful sexual and emotional connection was evidently not apparent to my watchers. I felt relieved.
Zach leaned over and playfully punched Derek in the arm. "Damn, dude, that was amazing! You are the stud, aren't you?" He pumped his erection. "The two of you caused this, and I'll probably get blue balls." He laughed.
Turning to his Ben with a chuckle, "I hope you learned something here. You will do better next time when you're ready." He reached out as if you slap his Ben's penis, but Ben pulled back faster.
Ben said quietly, almost to himself, "I'm already ready for the next time . . . I'm ready now."
But Zach didn't seem to hear him and looked at me and shook his head in wonder. "Damn, Holly, you're so damn hot! I practically came just watching you fucking Derek, knowing how it feels. I should be jealous, I suppose, but at least right now, I'm just proud you're my friend and lover, and we can share. And by the way, I'm so horny right now I could fuck you all over again!"
I laughed, recovering from my sexual explosion. "Well, this evening has certainly gone differently than I'd imagined. I must admit feeling powerful and sexy serviced by three handsome studs." Grabbing a glass, I toasted. "To a great evening of sex, fun, and, well, sex!"
I looked at the three and met Ben's eyes—saw he was yearning and a bit sad. I felt a stirring of both arousal and empathy. Then, sorting my thoughts, I turned to Zach and Derek. "But you know, Ben didn't really get a chance to properly lose his virginity, did he? Seems a shame to have his first time be so abrupt and unsatisfying."
The two smirked, realizing where I was going. I continued, "And, of course, as the virginity-taker, I feel a particular responsibility to protect my reputation for being an excellent first fuck." I wasn't sure what reputation I meant, but it sounded good to me at the time.
Ben perked up, erection still in hand. To the group, he said, with cautious hope, "Well, that is true. She wouldn't want her reputation sullied."
To his brother, Ben added, "You said I will do better next time, and she does have a point. And as they say, 'no time like the present,' like the next time is . . . now."
Zach waited, barely managing to suppress a smile. He quirked an eyebrow as Ben continued.
"And it's my Birthday! Or was yesterday."
I watched the brothers' exchange. I was filled with lust despite having just been fucked. My nipples stood hard on my taut breasts, and my pussy pulsated with desire at the thought of being served by the beautiful cock throbbing before me.
"And it's Christmas the day after tomorrow, so we should be good by not letting me suffer," Ben added. Randomly throwing out reasons for us to fuck again.
Zach's composure finally broke, and he roared with laughter, shaking his head. "How can I object to such well-reasoned logic? This situation will probably not happen again, and I must look after my baby brother. And really, you don't need my permission—you are both adults and can fuck if you want. So if she's still game, let the games resume!"
I laughed, "Oh, I'm very game. Come along then. Let's play!" I took Ben's hard dick in my hand and led him to the sofa where I had just had incredible sex with my cousin Derek.
Turning to Ben, I embraced him, pressing my nude body entirely along his, my breasts mashed against his chest, and his hard cock pinned between us against my stomach. A quivery feeling in my belly showed my arousal hadn't waned. I writhed against him, my hips against his.
"You choose how you want to do it, from the front again or from behind?"
Ben's eyes lit up with delight, and they darted around the room as he considered. "I think let's try from behind. Maybe it'll help me last longer if I can't see your perfect boobs and gorgeous face."
I wasn't sure what to make of that sentiment, but I was flattered, eager to play, and decidedly aroused. Again, or maybe still. Either way, I wanted to feel his cock inside me.
Somehow the thought of being taken again and again stirred a primal passion within me. Whether because I was overly sexually excited, or felt feminine and powerful, or maybe on some level, I liked being dominated. I just knew I wanted it. Loved it.
And I could feel cum seeping out of my pussy still, feel it running down my thighs, and I wanted more. I missed being fucked. Call me depraved.
I gripped Ben's cock, bent over, and kissed the tip. He shuddered, and I felt his penis throb, prompting me to move cautiously to avoid triggering a repeat premature event.Not sure if he'll last long, even the second time. Better skip the sucking and get right to the main event.
I turned and knelt on the sofa, leaning forward with my arms on the sofa's back. I arched my back slightly, which opened my pussy to Ben. I could feel the cool air brush across my wetness and felt a smoldering fire deep inside me that needed quenching. I looked over my shoulder at Ben and saw raw hunger in his eyes, glued to my pussy. I felt a wave of erotic sensations as I watched him lick his lips and approach me.
My want was actual. I didn't need to pretend to encourage him. "Mmm, can't wait to feel you inside me," I said. "Feel your big hard dick deep in my pussy." I ran my hand over and kneaded my breast, squeezed my hard nipple, and swayed my ass enticingly.
I felt Ben's hands on my butt cheeks, caressing and gently spreading them. My pussy was rippling in anticipation, yearning to be filled again. Ben pressed his hard cock against my dripping-wet lips and swirled it around my folds for lubrication.
I caught my breath as I felt his cock probe at my entrance, then slide in with one stroke. My vagina spasmed and contracted around his cock as he slowly pulled back and pressed in again. I loved the feeling of fullness, being filled and stretched—loved being fucked for the fourth time that night.
Ben continued to slide in and partially out of my tunnel, but he was apparently trying to avoid cumming. He would stop, hold still a few seconds, then move again, resulting in an erratic pattern that seemed labored and unnatural.
Finally, I whispered back to him. "Don't try to fight it. It's ok if you cum; just let yourself go and enjoy the sex." I arched my back and pushed against him. "Fuck me hard, and fill me with your cum."
Ben needed no further prompting. His slow, cautious sliding became hard, deep thrusting, his breath ragged and his legs trembling. His arousal rapidly built up, and his inevitable orgasm approached.
I pressed back to meet his thrusts, my breathing rapid, my pussy full, and my nipples tight and sensitive. I slipped my hand back and rapidly circled my clit, causing my vagina to palpitate with ecstasy. I wanted to climax again, and I was getting close.
"Shit, I'm going to cum. I can't hold back." Ben cried.
"Do it. Iwantyou to cum—flood my pussy!"
Thrusting harder and faster, Ben grunted and began shooting blast after blast inside me, his cock swelling and throbbing against my vaginal walls. My body responded seconds later—my pelvis and vagina convulsed, and my legs trembled as a surge of pleasure flowed from my pussy and clit through my body. The intensity of my orgasm was overwhelming. I dropped onto my elbows, panting.
The stimulating friction of Ben's cock nearly ceased as his semen added more lubrication to my overloaded channel. The sensation was different but delightful—his cock slid smoothly within my slippery vagina, filling and soothing.
Ben continued pumping in and out until he pulled out too far and slipped out of my pussy. He jabbed two or three more times before realizing he was sliding along the outside of my lips and stopped.
"Mmm, that was fantastic," I said, smiling at Ben's beaming countenance.
I glanced over and saw Zach and Derek standing just feet away, rapidly stroking their engorged cocks, eyes lustfully gleaming.Damn, These guys are like the Energizer Bunnies.
I rolled over, sat on the sofa leaning back, and left my legs open. I peeked down and saw my pubic hair drenched and matted and semen on my thighs that had oozed out when I kneeled. My entire body was glistening with sweat. I reached down and ran a finger from the base of my pussy lips, up slightly inside my inner lips to my clit. My labia lips were drenched, swollen, and tender. My finger had picked up a smear of cum, which I tasted—salty and mildly tangy.
Zach and Derek stared at me, almost drooling, as they pumped their cocks. The thrill of being exposed, naughty, and the object of their lust was heady and electrifying. I felt so feminine, so alive. Not "slutty" as I would have thought—our couplings felt natural, a biological and hedonistic drive to seek mutual sexual pleasure with those I adored.
"I'm going to cum, shit." Zach moaned suddenly.
I gestured to my overflowing pussy, and nodded with ongoing passion and some resignation. Zach waddled up to me, pointed his throbbing cock down at my open hole, and arched forward. He shot a jet of cum on my pussy lips and pubic hair, then pushed the tip of his cock barely inside my vagina. Without fully entering, he pumped several more shots of semen into my vagina like a hose filling a bottle. He then thrust deep into me, which caused cum to overflow and glob onto my labia and his cock, then onto his balls.
As Zach pulled out, he slid his shaft around my puffy lips, smearing cum all over my pussy and inner thigh. He had a silly grin as he sat back to appreciate his artwork as if he was quite proud of himself.
I smiled back at Zach and was startled when a warm spatter hit my belly. Derek shot jets of cum onto my body from the side, splattering my belly, boobs, and down to my pussy. I looked down, shook my head, and watched as parts of his fluid crisscrossed the fresh trails left by Zach.
Looking up from my cum-splattered body, I met Derek's eyes. "Really?" I said, slightly exasperated but feeling wonderful and happy.
Derek just grinned at me and shrugged. He playfully twerked his semi-hard dick towards me, flicking a few final drops of cum clinging to his cock head onto my boobs. Then he rubbed his cock around my nipples, circling them and pressing into my tits, and gave a final shake before sitting back.
I stretched, looked at the three self-satisfied faces surrounding me, and contentedly closed my eyes with a deep sigh. I remained there for a moment, vaguely aware but not caring that my legs were still relaxed and apart, my sex exposed. Cum splattered my body and oozed from my pussy.
Four and a bit loads of cum had filled me to overflowing. Sprawled out on the sofa, I could feel globs of viscous liquid brimming at my vaginal opening, then sliding down over my anus onto the couch. I scooped up a bit and spread it across my pussy, enjoying the feel of the slippery goo on my sensitive inner lips and clit. I was too tired to get up or clean myself yet.
"Wow," I muttered. "That was some holiday treat. I'm knackered."
"Personally, I think your new fashion statement is gorgeous," Zach joked, running his eyes up and down my cum drenched body. "I think the multiple creampie look suits you."
Derek quipped, "Yes, but I think they should be called 'holiday pies' in light of the occasion.
"No, I think you mean 'Holly-pies,' Ben added with a laugh. We all chuckled. I rolled my eyes.
"Well, I have had my ample share of Holly-pies," I said. "I don't have room for more—all full up." I grinned at the men and rubbed my belly as if I had just finished a large meal.
Zach got one of his dangerous "I have a thought" looks. "Or . . . you know how you're full after a meal, but you somehow still have room for dessert? The old joke that you have room in the other leg or something?"
We looked at him to see where he was going with the thought. I looked with definite wariness. We waited.
Zach continued. "Well, you're full of Holly-pies but in only one oven. So, you still have a couple more unfilled possibilities, you know, to truly be filled." He smirked and winked at me. "And, of course, you've only had one at a time . . . so many options."
"Oh, no." I shook my head emphatically. "Definitely not, gentlemen," I said with a grin. "This cum-receptacle is full and closed for business." I then quietly added, "At least for now."
Our respective musings—or fantasizing—were interrupted by Derek's phone ringing. He answered, "Hi, Mom. What's the news?" We watched as he listened. Nodded even though he couldn't be seen over the phone. "No, we're fine, we'll be fine. Yes, everything's under control here. Oh, nothing much. Played some games, hanging out by the fire. Yes. Yes, we have—we cooked a vat of chili and even made some homemade pies." He winked at us. "Of course. No, we didn't have any, so we made cream pies. Yep, sure did. They turned out perfectly."
We all tittered to ourselves at that.
"Ok, well, that's too bad but not surprising—but I guess we'll see you at Christmas. I'm sure the roads will be passable by then. Ok, yes, we will. Night mom; love you too. Merry Christmas to you all." He hung up and looked at us. "I'm sure you've guessed, but they won't be making it up this weekend—not worth all the travel to just get here and go back."
The group nodded at the expected news. Zach went over to the kitchen and got out a hot chocolate mix and a bottle of rum. "Anyone for an after-fuck Lumumba?"
Ben and I nodded, and Derek declined. While Zach mixed the hot chocolate, added rum and a dollop of cream, I got up and grabbed a dish towel from the kitchen and wiped the cum off my boobs and belly. Zach handed out our drinks, then we sat, the brothers on the sofa on either side of me, my cousin Derek on the floor leaning his head on my thigh. We all were exhausted and mostly still tipsy but fully satisfied.
"So, wonder what we can do tomorrow? We're thoroughly snowed in here; we can't even get to the ski area." Derek pondered. "Last weather report said to expect over 30 inches, maybe even three feet before the storm stops.
"It'll be Christmas Eve tomorrow," Ben mused. Then he perked up and said, "And I do want to say that, usually, my birthday gets lost in all the holiday festivities. So it was really nice that I had some special time this year." He reddened as we all looked at him, mirth playing in our eyes.
"I didn't mean THAT," he sputtered. "Well, not only that. Ok, that was great—thanks to you all." Ben's gaze swept over the group, landing on me, where he dropped his chin and gave a small, almost bashful, smile.
"I'm sure we can come up with something," Derek mentioned brightly. "If what's happened so far was for Ben's birthday, I can't wait for our Christmas holiday celebrations!"
He looked pointedly at me, then we all broke up laughing.
Zach interjected, "Glad you had fun, baby brother."
"I do love celebrating, whatever the occasion, I said with a grin. "Especially when I am the center of attention and showered with special . . . showers? As for tomorrow, we'll just have to see what the future brings."
We all lounged, getting sleepy by the fire. I stood and walked naked to the window and looked out at the heavy snow—over two feet of snow since Thursday, and still snowing. As I sipped my Lumumba, I felt sated, tired, sensual, and curious all at once. And wondered how things got to this point.
Here I was, nude with three men—one of whom was my cousin—sexually satiated and still leaking cum from the multiple loads deposited in me. I felt extraordinary and loved every minute without reservation. Loved it enough to probably want more of this kind of attention.
I glanced over at my lovers—yes, that is what they all were, for lack of a better term. I thought about what Zach had intimated a while ago and felt a warm rush in my loins.
True, we didn't really get into oral. Or anal, for that matter.I haven't had a guy cum up there before. Wonder if I'd like it. Or more than one guy at a time; what would that be like?
Sexual images swam in and out of my consciousness. Taking a warm hard cock in my mouth and tasting the explosion of cum, having anal sex for the first time to completion rather than just a quick experimental test. Stroking or sucking one penis while another was inside my pussy. So much potential. So many possibilities.Could this really happen? Would I actually want this?My pussy seemed to say yes, despite some soreness, as I felt more moisture mix into the cum inside me.
I returned to the fireplace and lay between the brothers, perpendicular to Derek, and luxuriated in the fire's warmth. The four of us sprawled quietly together, nude and content. I reflected on our evening and felt sexy, happy, satiated, and a teeny bit naughty.
I understood that many would consider what I had done—what we had done—to be 'slutty,' 'kinky,' or 'perverted,' but I didn't feel that way. On the contrary, I felt loved, appreciated, and fulfilled. I knew that no matter what followed, I would never forget and always treasure this night, this holiday.
As drowsiness overtook me like a mist clouding my vision, I heard the men's breathing become slow and even, as they dropped off to sleep one by one. I half-heard a clock chiming midnight somewhere in the house.It must be Christmas Eve now.My mind drifted as slumber overtook me, and visions of 'Holly-pies' danced in my head.