"Ah'm nah drhunk."
"You're not sober." Mace Belmont informed his Aunt Piper Cherry as she stretch out on her king size bed. With a bottle of Rose mixing a promising cocktail alongside muscle relaxers the High School Counsellor was like a sheep dog wearing blinders, stirring at trying to decipher communication but failing to comprehend her surroundings. Wearing only a tank top and a G-string she was attempting to overcome her reluctance to show too much skin around her nephew. She being a lewd exhibitionist at home, hell ofttimes in public it was as if waging a war, defying who she was inside like being on the frontlines donned in armor. Her nephew had called her out on her hesitance to live her life as if he weren't even there, yet it took longer than predicted to loosen up. For a nympho in the making she put up a good fight. Trouble is...Mace was winning.
"Ah didn' gi mah massahge today. I nee mah maaahage. Call me a masshour."
"You are sooo gone." He laughed at her slurred verbal assaults, "As hot as this is I'm going to be a gentleman and put you to bed. I'll set your alarm clock for 5 AM so you can wake up and get ready for work. I'll even get up..."
"Yer ahlready up..." She points at his crotch trying to lift her head from the pillow he had placed under her. He did boast one hell of an erection, the issue was his Aunt was on the highest level of the sexiest centerfold's out there. Fit in every way her body was spectacular. Family or not he fantasized about his Aunt nearly every day. His attempts to get her to loosen up and accept going naked in front of him was getting there, but her being this sloppy drunk didn't quite suit the fantasy he had in mind.
"I know I am...it's all because of you." He chuckled, "I meant I'll get up and make you coffee at 5 AM to help you wake up. Nice guy that I am."
"You ahr a nish guy Macsh. I wuv my nep-neph-whew the room is spinnahng."
"Just close your eyes and relax you'll go to sleep pretty fast."
"Ahm nah tired. Mashage me Macsh." She kicked her legs impatiently then reacted as if the world was tossing her like a rag doll. She was good with that.
"Massage you? That's hot...but if I do I know me..." He laughed at losing his chance by being noble. He truly did adore his Aunt, sexiest bitch around or not. She was the coolest.
"Itch hot n here." She fights with her tank top trying her best to tug it out from under her, "Shtrip me Macsh."
Noble or not he did want her to be comfortable, "Hold on before you rip your shirt." Leaning over her Mace lifted her by her arms toward him until she draped over his shoulders, Hiking her shirt's hem up to her armpits, her 36D's flopped out and fell into his chest. Nipples taunting him Mace had to take a breath before dragging her tank top up over her beautiful blonde hair and guide her arms out of confinement. Once off he cast it away and endured her attempt at hugging. Her hands were all over his back. "Mah hero. Yo skin sooo much coohler. Are my nipples hard?"
"Yep!" He held her just as firmly, rubbing her back with his palms. She sighed heavily and without even pondering it used her nails on his back in a teasing motion. Mace had to roll his eyes back at the sensations. Between her attention and her insanely intoxicating scent he was fighting his urges to just throw her down on the mattress and take his Aunt.
"Gentleman my ass." He told himself one minute then shrank inside at his betrayal, she trusted him. "Dammit!" From thoughts to verbal stress he insisted, "Lay down. Come on now you're drawing blood on my back." She wasn't digging that deep but it was rough for a guy who had never known scratching, save for a few minor digs during his tour of booty with cheerleader Tina Wiles. There must be something about cheerleaders and his attraction, he knowing Piper's career when living in Atlanta as a professional Falcon. Easing her back she collapsed on to her mattress and felt his loss by exhaling loudly.
"Ahm still hot Macsh."
"All you have on is your panties."
"Are they flahnnel?" She meant flannel, "Take thehm offffff!" Her legs kicked a bit as if throwing another tantrum. Mace scoped out her chest and let his eyes roam south over her tight abs and well sculpted bone structure. Her pelvic depressions were a work of art. Setting sights on her G-string he puffed his cheeks and told himself, "Go for it. Once she's naked I'll just snap a few cell pics to jerk off too and go to my room." Crawling over her legs to hold them down he pinches the thin bands of her G-string and entices her into, "Lift your ass." She did so and he tugged them down over her cheeks, moving again in order to drag them to her toes. Once off he nearly put them to his nose but had second thoughts. "Dude! You're being stupid."
"You goht me nekkid." She dropped her jaw then broke out in giggles. "Hahppy now?"
"Don't worry about what I'm thinking. Are you happy now? You're finally free in your home like you wanted."
"No fah-fair. You go nekkie too."
"That would be bad."
"Bahd boy!" She wagged a finger at him then found it amusing enough to wag her other hands fingers at herself, "Bahd Pahper. HEY!" She startled Mace then reached up at him as if pleading, "Massahge me."
"If I do will you close your eyes and go to sleep?"
"No promishes."
"Roll over."
"Dihd Rotthen roll ovher?" She laughed. Looking to their right her dog was laying on his bed content to watch and whine.
"I meant you." He chuckled along with her. "Do you have lotion anywhere?" He looked around the room.
"Oihl bedshied stanhd." She pointed left then right. He chose left first but found her faithful dildo Bodzilla inside it. A bottle of lube otherwise. "Otherrr onesie." She offered so he switched lanes and crawled across her to the opposite stand and found multiple oils.
"Wow! Six different flavors. Uhhh? Which one?"
"Mashagers choicsh."
"Okay! I like strawberry. As if I'm going to taste it." He shook his head. Opening it he prepared to pour some in his left palm but she scolded him.
"Noooo! Go nuk it."
"Nuk? Ohhh nuke it. Boy you ask a lot."
"Ash if you don'." She used her foot on his shoulder, "Hurry bahk."
"Uggggh!" Mace crawled from the bed and shuffled to the kitchen and placed the bottle into the microwave for two minutes, tested it for temperature then put it back in for another minute. While waiting he rubbed his dick from beneath his sweats and grew lost in thought, "Fuck she makes my dick hard. Am I really doing this? I got her naked and she knows it. What if I...go too far and she hates me later? Okay, okay! Just massage. Nothing more. You can do this." A ping signaling him he opened the microwave door and nearly dropped the heated bottle. "Fuck that's hot." He juggled it between hands all the way back to the bedroom. Entering he sees her on her belly, but miraculously she had switched positions on the mattress to face the foot of the bed. "You moved."
"More comfy thish way. Welcome back Mah adornable nep-nep-you."
"Christ you're out of it. How many muscle relaxers did you take?"
"Thish many." She lifts three fingers but lowers one. "Give me a goog-good mashage. Deeeeeeep tisyou."
"I'll do my best."
"Pantsh offfff!" She fluttered her fingers at him. "Tole you no fairrrr."
"Come on Aunt Piper there's no way I can massage you and my dick not rub all over you."
"Jush do me...it." She somehow catches her mistake, "IT! IT!" She laughs hysterically.
"I can't Piper. I don't want you to hate me tomorrow."
"Nehvehr hat you Macsh." She pouted then exhaled blowing curls from her eyes to see him better.
"I don't want you to send me back to Atlanta."
"Long as I like...you lick...you like." Confusion was getting worse. He had a hunch as soon as he rubbed her down good she would pass out on him. Gritting his teeth he started to take his sweatpants off then looked over at her curtain less windows. Knowing Travis Herbert might be watching from his room, or worse that asshole Knox Hardecker he got nervous and turned off the bedroom light before losing his pants. A faint glow of a pole light outside cast over them enough to still see what he was doing. As much as he wanted to see her beauty and expressions he felt like being protective of her. He didn't care about himself but the more Knox had on Piper and even Josie next door the worse he might make their lives. If he only knew what the women were doing at Horton-Dexter anything Knox might do was mild.
"Are you saying I can stay here with you as long as I want to?"
"Yep! RUB ME!" That was clear enough to make him jump.
"Walk naked in front of me every day?"
"Yessssshhhh! My homhm my rulsh. No mo clothessss."
"Even me? I can walk naked in front of you?" He trickled warm oil on her back then capped the bottle. Easing over her he straddled her ass and lay his nine iron cock right along her butt crack expecting her to raise hell. Instead she raised something alright...her ass. Sensing it he grinned. Hands in motion he worked her shoulders and neck thoroughly, moving her long dirty blond hair out of the way.
"You too. I'hl get ovah it."
"Can I jerk off in front of you?" He laughed.
"Goh for it."
"Will you use that...big blue dildo in the drawer over there in front of me?"
"You ashk a lot buhddy."
"Is that a yes?"
"Mahbe, we'hl see."
"Am I working your shoulders okay?"
"Perffffect! Do all me."
"All? As in...all?"
"Are you def?"
"Ohhhkay! You asked for it." He trickled more oil over her and moved lower to her ass squeezing and kneading the oil inside even her crevice. The soft glow of the lamp outside ruined his perfect examination of her anus and pussy. After a few minutes of desiring to see it better he just said fuck it and climbed off to turn the light on. Blinded for a moment he returned over her and enjoyed her perfection. His dick was having fits, it wanted action. He had to stroke it a few times while she was relaxed.
"Mahssage my feet Macsh."
"I'm getting there. Let me do your legs." She huffed impatiently so he just made her legs a fast rubdown of oil then plucked up her left foot then sat down on the mattress between her legs and set about rubbing her feet. His thumbs pressure was making her coo, moan as well. Hearing her soft, "Mmmmmmmmmmm! Faels sho goo." made him devote more attention to the finer details of each toe one by one. Pondering something he had never tried he dared to put her baby toe in his mouth and suck on it. She tensed up suddenly and gasped.
"Fffffffuck me!" She panted. He knew she said that term as a sign of stress so he stopped sucking and just provided pressure in the trouble centers. "Nooooooooo! Do it." Clear enough for him he shrugged and sucked on three toes this time. Her body trembled at his attentiveness and her moans rose in volume. "FUCK ME!" Again it sounded like an offer, he knew it wasn't. Still, he did enjoy making her say it.
Fighting all five of her toes into his mouth at once she whimpered, he could actually see her pussy moisten up right before his eyes. As she buried her face into her blanket her nails dug in and drew it toward her as if a security fortress around her. The longer he sucked on them the more she moaned erratically. Feeling evil he repositioned taking her foot with him until he hovered closer to her pussy from behind. Daring to place the crown of his cock right on her labia but just barely. Her juices squirted like a mist over him, forcing him to roll his eyes and think to himself, "So fucking close. God I want to stick it in...I just...can't."
"Ffffffuck me!" She recited yet again. It was so inviting, so very tempting.
Releasing her toes he scooted away and moved to her other foot. "Roll over. That wasn't directed toward Rotten." He chuckled, knowing she might repeat her earlier jest. Sighing loudly she managed to turn over and face him. Eyes closed she merely settled in and let him have his way. Lowering her foot to the mattress he chose more oil, he wanted to oil up those monster tits. A dream come true in his mind, having lusted for her the last few years. Oil applied he nearly forgot to cap the bottle in his hurry to grab her breasts, catching it before it spilled on the bed. Once capped he dove back in and started firmly playing with her tits. She instantly smiled, eyelids sealed and attempting to find Nirvana.
"Ohhhh fuck me!" Her tone was getting weaker, she was getting entirely too relaxed. In her stupor she let him pinch her nipples in their greasy state and heard him whisper, "God I wanna suck on these like your toes." She said nothing and merely sighed. Straddling her again for the full effect, his cock lay over her tummy, his scrotum right on top of her clitoris. Each time he lifted to squeeze her tits his balls tickled her clit. Sensitivity taking over she moaned that much more.
"Lower Macsh." She mumbled. In response he abandoned her breasts and oiled her belly, scooting straight back just to watch his cock glide right across her clit then intentionally eased back and forth in rubbing her ribs on both sides of her cage. "Fuck me!" He was getting used to hearing that every couple minutes. Knowing his persistent rub down was tormenting her clit with each pass over it, he kept doing it just to enjoy her tender moans, her quaking limbs. Even in her puppet like state she found enough energy to caress her knees along his upper thighs.
"I have to stop." He pledged his loyalty to her suddenly and reared up on his knees, his dick still laying on her cunt.
"Noooo! Jus a tina weenie bit more."
"Tina? You know about her don't you? You saw me fuck her in your bed. I really didn't think you would check in on me like that or I wouldn't have looked so egotistical."
"I don' carh you fuck her evehn inmah bed." She lifts her foot up to his face and nudges his lips, "Shuck my toesies."
"You aren't mad?"
"Noht anymo." She smiled then insisted, "SHUCK ME!"
"I should be saying that to you." He laughed.
"Macssssssssssssssh! Toesies." Another awkward pelt to his chin he snatched up her foot and put her toes in his mouth. She gasped and giggled both, his dick crossing her clit again led her fingers down to stimulate herself. He backed up to watch her rubbing her clit vigorously.
"Holy shit!"
"Hohly shiatsu." She laughed. "Han job?"
"You would give me a hand job?"
"Noooooo! You cahn." She used her other hand in an extremely awkward union to press his dick's crown on top of her playing fingers. Using her knuckles he rolled his cock in between them as she fed her pussy with two divers. Essentially he was mitty fucking her hand, crossing over her knuckles time and time again.
"Ohhhh fuck Aunt Piper! What are we doing?"
"Masshaging each udder." She tried to maintain strength as she heard him moan along with her. The more he did the worse he felt about it. Hearing her build toward an orgasm he had to retreat or cum on her. Abandoning her she cries out and squirts all over her embedded fingers. In just that exertion she passed out. Watching her as he jerked off from a distance he realized she had blacked out and stepped closer to tickle her foot to see if she was faking it. No response he crawled back over her and rubbed his dick along her pussy again. He imagined fucking her with each contact to her wet labia. Daring to line up with her hole all it would have taken was one solid thrust and he would fulfill his fantasy. Pausing he gnashes his teeth, "Sorry Aunt Piper." Pulling away with the intention of covering her up and going to bed he found her not quite as out cold as she appeared.
Rising up quickly Piper overpowers her nephew and hurls him on to his back straddling his legs this time. Mind blown by her sudden adrenalin spike he looked up in horror.
"Are you really that stupid Mace? I don't get drunk that easily."
"OH SHIT! I'M SORRY PIPER."
"Shut the fuck up! About that Tina shit, don't you ever fuck another girl in my bed again...at least without asking my permission first."
"I-I won't!"
"I was furious. I'm over it though so feel lucky. I had to test you, before I could go full on nude around you. You failed miserably bitch boy. You were going to fuck me weren't you?"
"No! I mean...I wanted to...but I just...couldn't. I'll go back to Atlanta in the morning."
"Like hell you will. I wasn't lying awhile ago you can stay as long as you want. Just get it in your head we're not doing the incest thing."
"Uhhh? We kind of just did. Pretty close anyway."
"Unless this..." She flicks the crown of his dick, "goes inside this..." Her labia gets pried wide letting him see vivid pink, "...it's not incest. A massage is just that, a massage."
"You squirted on me." He laughed.
"Serves you right."
"As you said...no fair. I should get to squirt on you now."
"Don't push it Mace."
"Nope! Not gonna give up so easily...only fair."
"SHIT! YOU LITTLE...SHIT!" She knew he was right. Wincing at him she flicks his dick again, "Two minutes take it or leave it. Anywhere below the neck."
"Nope! I want the face."
"Not gonna happen."
"I fucked your knuckles. You let me rub my dick on your clit. If we're going that far without actual intercourse then I get your face."
"Show some respect."
"You show some respect. You lured me in. Well not IN IN but you know what I mean."
"Lured? How did I...FUCK ME!" She huffed her cheeks at him then blew her bangs out of her eyes. "I guess I did. I needed to test you. I want to go nude in my home again Mace. I just...want to trust you won't try anything. I can see your crush on me like a sore thumb."
"So? We can co-exist and still be ourselves. If you catch me jerking off just watch or tune me out. If I see you touching yourself or using that big blue dildo, I'll watch. Not gonna tune that out." He laughed stroking his dick in front of her. Her eyes lower to his massaging hand. Noting her eyes giving in he had to push his luck, "Hey! Where's my massage?"
"You just want a happy ending."
"Yep!"
"So, you presume I'm going to jerk that...big...motherfucker...fuck he's big. Dammit Mace!"
"He is hard to resist isn't he?" Mace jerked even harder. "Tina loved it."
"I saw that. Fuck you Mace."
"That would be incest remember?"
"I especially loved it when you stood up over her and fucked her straight down."
"Ohhhh I had her screaming bloody murder. Rotten was howling outside over it."
"Hand me the oil."
"What?"
"Count of five or I'm getting off of you." He grabbed the bottle and popped the lid and drenched himself from chest to pubes, even his penis. She scowled at that move. "Your parents never hear about this. Especially your dad, he'll want a massage too."
"Totally loyal Aunt Piper."
"Uh huh!" She leans over him and begins rubbing oil into his chest, as he strokes his cock her weight presses his penis forward. Finally, she removes his hand, "Just lay back." He ended his resistance and crossed his arms behind his head. After a lengthy warm rubdown her hands worked around his cock amid his pubes, avoiding even his bulging scrotum. Going to his legs she gave them a short workout. In reaching his feet she massaged one while eying his erection, almost dreading her thoughts. Before she could give in to her temptation he poised his other foot in front of her face and did as she had by nudging her chin.
"Suck my toes."
"Nope."
"Then suck my cock."
"Hell nope!" She pointed at him with a wicked sneer.
"That's cool." He pulled his foot from her grasp and rolled away from her, "You better get some sleep for work tomorrow. I'm gonna go lube up and jerk this big boy off in my room." Leaving the bed and Piper stunned she shook her head. Even Rotten was snapping glares of tennis court confusion.
"OH HELL NO!" She just could not fathom being turned away even if she had no intentions of going all the way with her nephew. Jumping off the bed she followed him to the living room and grabbed him by the arm roughly walking him backwards to the couch. As he falls over the seat she points down at him then moves between his legs. "ONCE! ONLY ONCE!" She then knelt between his knees and looked at him impatiently. Uncertain what she intended she rolls her eyes then uses her right hand to make a circular motion around her face. "Need a better clue Shercock Holmes?"
"Twat...son?" He laughed and gripped his beast circulating his shaft vigorously, building the friction to a delightful level. The closer he got the more verbal he got. "God I've wanted you to see me do this since I got here."
"Not gonna be a habit Mace."
"Mace in your face." He rhymed just for laughs.
"Piper changed your diaper." She aimed to make him feel bad. Didn't work.
"Cherry wants some dairy." He razzed her.
"Belmont wants a busted lip." She was tired of the games. "Just get it over with so I can go to bed...alone."
"Don't rush me. It's almost there." She rolled her eyes and waited as he began huffing, muscles tensing, head tilting back but eyes locked on to her. "I love you Aunt Piper." In a maddening snarl Mace Belmont unloaded on Piper's face. She closed her eyes to save herself being blinded by his artillery. As his growls became pants she opened her eyes, one eye actually, the other had a glob of jizz on her lashes and she didn't want it in her eyeball. Staring at his exhausted slump she found a strange peacefulness in the moment.
"I love you too...asshole." She dared to kiss the tip of his dick. "Don't read into that. It was impulse only." Standing up she turned in step and shook her ass in his face. Whipping his dick at her, tiny droplets pelted her cheeks making her growl, "Stop it!"
"Thanks Aunt Piper. Sleep well."
"Doubt it."
"I could come in there...and wear you out."
"Locking my bedroom door."
"We could recreate what I did with Tina that you loved so much. I call that move the Belmont Stake."
She pauses in her doorway and looks back at him with her face still covered in jizz, "I'll suggest that move to Roger on Saturday. He can call it the Dundee Spree."
"He as big as I am?"
"God I hope so."
She shut her bedroom door on him and turned out her light. He knew she really didn't lock her bedroom door so just sat there for a couple minutes until he heard her moaning loudly. Getting up he moved closer to the door to hear better. Inspiration hitting him he opened her door and turned the light on catching her using Bodzilla, her beastly bandit balls deep and streaked in her white mess. He knew she hadn't been doing this long enough to reach..."Her face doesn't have my cum on it. Did she wipe it on her toy and put me in her? NO WAY!" He swallowed dryly.
"What the fuck Mace?" She didn't stop fucking herself. Rotten whimpering from his bed got up and pranced out of the bedroom. This was too much for even he.
"Forgot my sweatpants. Getting chilly." He laughed, "You're still wearing my cum." Just not where he left it.
"Inspiration. Go to bed."
"Okay." He shut her door then turned out the light. Crawling into bed beside her he whispered, "Bet I can cum again before you do."
"You're such a little shit."
"Give you a head start."
"I already have a head...start."
Rotten made his bed on the sofa.
Piper won.
Mace? Thrown out of her room after he turned sideways and detonated on her belly right over her thin pubes. Yanking him from her bed and ho trucking him by gripping his slick dick to tow his line outside her room. Door slammed and locked this time.
He still left his sweats in her room. She strangely curled up with them. All good, he swiped her G-string from the mattress too.
Within their bedrooms all alone in silence, both murmured, "Fuck me!"
So much for sleeping like babies.
Too much...goo goo!