I'm sitting at my vanity in my oversized closet curling my chocolate brown hair with my straightener. Taking an inch strand at a time, slowly curling forward with one and backwards with the next. Letting each warm tendril fall on my bare shoulder.
When I grab the next section of hair I raise my arms above my head and my perky teardrop 36c breasts lift into full view of my vanity mirror. This makes me smile as I check out my medium sized dusty pink nipples. They are sticking straight out like I have pushpins in their place.
I hung the mirror a little higher than I had wanted but without a man to help around the house I measured a little wrong and since it's level and I can still see my face for makeup and can do my hair I left it as it was instead of making more holes in the wall.
I noticed the bonus of my breasts coming in and out of view when I sat down naked to put my hair in a messy bun to take my makeup off before bed one night. I had gone out drinking with my girlfriends, got naked and into bed before I remembered to take my makeup off. I'm a stickler for my skincare so I dragged myself out of bed.
You can imagine in my mildly inebriated state I was overly amused each time my nipples popped into view.
Ever since then I have been putting my makeup on and doing my hair while naked just to play with my exhibitionist / voyeur side.
I feel like I'm a late bloomer. I've had my fair share of sexual experiences with boyfriends, one night stands, and even had a threesome with a friend and her husband but it's all been fairly vanilla. I'm turning 30 this week and starting to realize I need more.
I start to daydream about the sex stories I've been reading online as I monotonously finish curling my hair. Thinking about the non consent category I seem to find myself drawn to most.
I know I don't want to be fully taken advantage of but my god if I could get tied up and used like these stories talk about maybe I'd feel a little less insatiable.
Tonight is my birthday dinner with my friends and they told me to be ready for them to pick me up at 6:30 and I'm not allowed to ask any questions.
My core group of friends are not just beautiful they are the most kind and genuine people you will ever meet. 2 of us have been friends since kindergarten and 2 more joined us in middle school.
The 4 of us went to college together, ok 2 of us went to college the other 2 just tagged along for the experience. We rented an off campus house and somehow that caused us to get even closer. We talk about anything and are not shy around each other at all.
I'll try to give a quick rundown of each of us.
First we have me, Courtney, I'm the youngest of the bunch, I was born in December and started kindergarten at 4 I turned 5 while enrolled because my mom knew I was ready.
I'm not your average book worm that loves math. I have a 36 inch chest 24 inch waist 38 inch hip and I'm not afraid to show off my curves. I turned a lot of heads in my statistics, linear algebra, and computer science classes.
I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist but I didn't know how far I'd be willing to go until I met Mr. Westphall. He was my probability theories teacher and I knew from the moment he walked in on day one that I was going to seduce him.
That's a story for another day but I did get him to fuck me after the course was over so I didn't jeopardize my scholarships or his job.
As I mentioned before I have chocolate brown hair and it pairs well with my almond shaped hazel eyes. My hair is naturally curly but I prefer the uniform look I get when I use my straighter to tame the frizz. I have kissable lips, as men have told me before, the perfect M shape in my upper lip and a lusciously plump bottom lip.
I am thankful for my olive skin tone I inherited from my Italian heritage. I look like I have a tan in the winter until you see me at the end of summer.
Next up is Jess, she is the "mom" of the group. If we need water or snacks she always has something in her purse. She has a knack of making oversized sweaters and high rise jeans look high fashion.
She has cool blue eyes, jet black hair straight down to the middle of her back, and skin the color of milk. She's more of a 2 by 4 body shape tall and lean in a very good way.
She tried out for some modeling reality show but got cut right before the final group moved into the house because she was missing passion in her eyes. I feel that was best because her modeling gigs kicked off from there. It's like being let go lit a fire in her to prove to the show they missed out.
Josie is our free spirit. She has a similar shape to me but is about 5'2 instead of my 5'6. She reads tarot and cleanses energy with her crystals. We joke with her about it but she is really good at it. Her intuition can be scary from time to time.
Josie has brown hair darker than mine and eyes that look almost black until the sun catches them and you can see the slight difference between her pupil and iris.
She loves to go to festivals and hula hoop in her free time and has definitely opened up my free spirit side the more time I've spent with her.
Finally we have Ember. Shes the one I had a threesome with and her name suits her well. She would be the fiery one of the group. Quick to tell off someone messing with our group and her red hair should be a fair enough warning label.
The easiest way to describe Ember is sexy without knowing it. I mean she knows she is beautiful and gets compliments enough but her confidence needs pick me ups from time to time.
Ember is the only one in our group married and they have a daughter who's 3. Her husband is her high school sweetheart, really they started dating in elementary school when I dared her to kiss him on the playground. Ever since then she's been my best friend and he's loved her.
Since I'm the last one to turn 30 they decided we had to go all out. They told me I had to be prepared for anything so they booked me a spa day for yesterday which included a Brazilian wax, manicure and pedicure, facial as well as a full body massage.
They booked the appointment with a MAN and I was not prepared. As I laid naked on his spa table he asked me to butterfly my legs and warned me the wax is warm.
I've had a Brazilian plenty of times before but they were not done at a 5 star spa and I've never had one done by a man.
As the hot wax was spread over my sensitive lips I held in a moan, I'm not sure if he could tell but he started to make small talk so it wasn't as awkward and I was distracted.
He asked some normal small talk questions including what I did for a living. He was shocked when I told him I was an actuarial scientist and said "wow, I didn't realize that profession had kinky ladies in it".
That caught my attention but I figured it had to be because I was so wet and let I let it go.
That was the only thing during the blissful appointment that I would say was inappropriate but even that wasn't really crossing any lines.
As I'm finishing my makeup I look at the clock and see it's just past 6 pm and am happy to realize I have enough time to get myself off real quick before I get dressed. That should hold me over for a while.
I head into my bedroom and get my rose toy out of my nightstand. I sit on my bed so my hair doesn't get ruined and spread my legs wide.
I turn the rose on to the first setting and add a little saliva to the vibrating hole. As I line the toy up to my already swollen clit I feel my body start to relax.
I close my eyes let my mind wander thinking about what I'd have done if that spa man would have offered me a happy ending.
"YES!" My answer would have been a deep moaned "yes!!"
I reach a fast, not really satisfying, orgasm and it will have to do because I have to get dressed and they will be here any minute.
December in Sedona is usually around 60 but today it reached 75 with a predicted overnight low of 38. I keep that in mind as I grab a sexy tank top black romper, it has a low cut neckline showing a lot of cleavage and pants to keep my legs warm. I throw on a hunter green cardigan and gold wedges.
I spray some Mademoiselle by Chanel, check myself in the floor length mirror, and hear the horn from the girls in my driveway.
I head out the front door and lock it behind me as the girls start making cat calls from the car. I am buzzing with excitement for the night.
Jess is driving she hands me a protein bar and says, "Eat up, you're going to need it."
I look puzzled and Josie cuts in before I can ask anything saying "no questions remember?"
I eat the protein bar and sit back while Jess says "I promise, its just to hold you over for a bit."
We drive for about an hour chatting away about our day. The girls ask if I enjoyed my spa treatment and they all giggle when I say "I wish he'd have given me a happy ending."
We pull into some warehouse parking lot and again I want to ask questions but the girls all get out and wait for me to join them like it's not weird we are here.
They are dressed similarly to me all comfortable yet sexy and can be worn to a club for dancing or a semi fancy restaurant.
We start to follow Jess and she starts to tell the story, "At my last photoshoot one of the male models was telling me about this place. It's one of those clubs you have to know about to get into."
We walk up to a door that has a sign which reads "please use other door" instead of finding the other door Jess knocks four times then two times then four more times.
The sign slides right and a bald headed guy pops his head out. "Do you have reservations" is all he says to us.
Jess replies, "it should be four under Brent."
The guy looks at some list, the door opens, and he says, "you're new here."
It's not a question it's a statement like he knows everyone who comes here.
Then he adds, "you'll want to go down the hall take a left and head downstairs. There will be a waiting room and Jenny will be in to assist you further."
We walk down the hall and I can start to feel the pulse of the music below me. I really enjoy dancing and I'm excited for a night of it with my girls.
When we get to the stairs Jess looks at me and says, "I hope you have a great time tonight, I have a feeling you've been needing this."
We get to the bottom and we are in a dim lit room with oversized couches. There are cups with a water dispenser and some fruit and nuts on one side of the room. The other side of the room is all different sized and shaped mirrors.
One of the mirrors moves and in walks Jenny, I'm only guessing because she walks over to us and starts taking to us like she knew we were going to be here.
Jenny is wearing much less than us. She has on very short shorts that really just look like underwear and a see through pink lace bralette.
Her nipples and belly button are pierced and her blonde hair is long enough to cover her chest but she keeps moving her hair so it doesn't cover anything.
Jenny asks, "And which one of you ladies is Jess?"
Jess raises her hand.
Jenny turns to her and says, "thank you so much for reserving 4 new guest spots. we are excited to have you."
Then Jenny looks at the rest of us abd back to Jess when she asks, "who is the guest of honor?"
Jess points to me.
Jenny says, "happy birthday beautiful! You're in for a helluva night."
Jenny starte to walk back towards the mirror wall and says "head through the door with the red frame mirror and everything you could ever want to or not want to wear is in there."
I look down at my outfit and start to say, "Im comfortable in this"
But Jenny interrupts me and says, "you guys have far too much clothing on and you don't want them to rip your clothes off because you'll have nothing to go home in."
My eyes shoot to Jess, Josie, and Ember, they are all smiling mischievously.
I have an idea what's in store and I don't think I needed that pathetic orgasm I had earlier.
Jenny continues, "you can put all of your clothes in locker 47 and head back out here when you are done."
We head towards the red framed mirror and I reach and pull on it. The door opens to a vibrantly lit room with red walls lined with clothing racks on each side. They are labeled with sizes from XS-5XL and Jenny was right there are all kinds of sexy outfits.
Ember picks first and grabs a bright orange bodysuit. I don't know if you can really call it a bodysuit. There are triangles of fabric around her boobs that cover nothing. There are pieces of lace that crisscross and connect to a very small amount of fabric that doesn't really cover any of her pussy either. In fact I think there is even an opening in the crotch for easy access.
Josie picks next and she grabs something a little more modest but sexy in a "leave it to your imagination" way. She picks a black satin bra that has chains hanging between her shoulders laying across her chest and matching booty shorts that have chains in front from hip to hip.
Jess looks for a little bit longer and finally decides on a royal blue babydoll nighty with no panties. She looks at me and says, "I think this would look divine on you."
She is holding up a lace maroon bra and tiny high waist cheeky panty set. The trim on each has gems the same color as the lace so you can only catch them when they glisten in the light.
I grab both pieces from her and slide them on my body. They fit like they were made for me but they barely cover anything. I feel very exposed and I'm very excited.
I know I've slept with Ember before and all of us have no issues being naked around each other but seeing all four of us in these outfits has me more turned on than I realized I could be without a guy present.
We are fucking sexy and I cannot wait to see what's behind the other mirror.
We all check ourselves out in the floor to ceiling mirror and head back to the waiting lounge. Jenny is waiting for us and she gasps as we walk out.
As Jenny walks leading us towards the door she initially came in she says, "oh my, we are all in for a treat tonight! You ladies did a great job picking outfits."
She opens the door and starts to give us a tour of their lions den. There are beds and couches all over, a bar, sex swings, and a wall of sex toys.
My eyes have to be wide, I don't know where to look first. There are about 80 people here some are naked but most are scantily covered like we are.
Men and women all shapes sizes and colors. They mostly seem to be in their 20s and 30s but there are still a few that look to be in their late 40s early 50s.
They are all mingling with drinks chatting and Jenny climbs on top of a table in the middle of the room. The music stops and so does the talking and everyone turns to hear what Jenny has to say.
Jenny turns and motions for me to get on the table. I gingerly climb up and Jenny says, "everyone this is Courtney, she is our guest of honor tonight. She will be 30 this week and we want her to finish off her twenties with a bang, pun intended."
There are a lot of claps, whistles, and I hear all kinds of "happy birthdays" from the crowd as Jenny continues.
"Everyone knows the rules, our safe word, as always, is popcorn. So if anything is making you uncomfortable don't be ashamed to use it. We are here to have a good time and release our pent up energy."
Feeling everyone's eyes on me as I stand on display has me wanting to mount the closest cock to me but Jenny still has her hand around my wrist.
She looks me up and down and ends with, "I have a feeling tonight's going to be a first of many visits for you, cheers to turning 30 babe! Enjoy the orgasms."
With that she hops down and says to the crowd, "she's all yours."
The music starts and a man with luscious blonde curls about 3 inches long approaches me. He is easily 6'4 and built like a rock. He reaches a hand up to help me off the table. I grab his hand and he takes his other arm and grabs me from behind my knees. He sweeps me into a cradle carry and says, "I can't wait to have my mouth on your pussy."
I let out a moan and say, "yes please".
I feel his chest with my hands as he carries me to a bed that has restraints tied to the 4 corners. He looks me in the eyes and says, "I'm going to restrain you so you cant crawl away from my mouth."
I shiver with excitement saying "yes sir."
His turn for a moan as he gently lays me on the bed.
He puts my wrists in restraints first and then my ankles. By the time all four limbs are tied there are at least 15 people around the bed. Including my best friends near the foot of the bed.
One sexy ginger leans in and whispers in my ear, "Mark is a master pussy eater. You'll be dreaming about his tongue for days."
Mark starts kissing at my ankle moving up my right leg sending chills through my whole body. Once he reaches my dripping slit he licks me over my lace panties. He presses his tongue with enough pressure he pokes it through part of the pattern and dips into my folds.
He expertly moves his tongue around my pussy avoiding my clit and makes the hole in my panties bigger allowing deeper and easier access.
I'm getting close to an orgasm and he stops, making me whimper in disappointment.
He stands up, rips off my panties, and throws them at the crowd.
Some guy with a yellow thong on grabs them and rubs them against his very large bulge. I make a mental note that I want.. no need him to fuck me tonight.
At this point 2 things set in, my friends really do listen to my babbles even if it's about crazy sex dreams and these people are here to watch and make me cum.
I can't even be "sexually frustrated" at this point because Mark is making me feel so good. Building on the feeling of pleasure. I have never had a man take his time to get to the main course. It's almost always been lick a little, eat a little, finger a little, fuck a little and when he gets off it's done.
He starts kissing me on my left ankle now. Sending an unexpected jolt through my body.
Moving slowly up my leg sucking and using his tongue. My pussy is begging for his mouth again. I feel my orgasm building up for the second time and he's not even eating me out.
I relax the best I can mentally trying to not think about the fact I'm slightly nervous with everyone here and he does it.
He causes every thought and worry to go out the other way as he flicks his tongue on my clit.
That one touch quieted the room and sent electricity through my body. Expecting my orgasm I whimper again when he moves back to kissing my thigh.
My clit is like, "excuse me that felt good can you keep doing that please?"
I push my hips forward for more. Begging his tongue for another touch. But he is relentlessly teasing me. Softly sucking on my upper thigh and avoiding my ever growing need.
His mouth leaves my thighs and I feel his tongue prodding at my perineum dipping lower to my tight puckered asshole. I've NEVER had anyone back there before.
I can feel my body tensing and pulling away some and he can too because he wraps his arms around my legs and his hands land on top of my hips as he pulls me closer to him.
His tongue is pushing past my sphincter and I make a noise of pleasure I've never heard before.
Mark keeps working me closer to an orgasm without sending me over.
I am humping my pelvis into his face to create as much contact as possible. He moves his tongue back to my wet folds and draws circles with his tip. He wraps his lips around mine and begins to suck my inner lips onto his mouth as he presses his tongue flat against my opening.
His tongue making just enough pressure at my and the suction and vibration of his sucking pushes me over the edge.
I pull on the sheets my wrists pulling at the restraints my feet pushing into the bed and I scream in relief.
Feeling the throbbing radiate from my core through my whole body, I close my eyes and ride the waves of pleasure.
Mark continues sucking my lips and pressing his tongue into my opening.
I have never felt an orgasm like this before it goes on for awhile.
Mark is still pulling me to his mouth with hands gripping me so tightly they are definitely going to leave bruises.
I love this so much.
Once my orgasm starts to subside he smiles and says, "baby girl I haven't even gotten started yet, I wonder how many times I can make you cum."
I feel a petite set of hands grabbing and pinching my nipples through my bra. I look up and it's the ginger with the warning.
She pinches my nipples even harder as she says, "You're fucking sexy when you cum, tonight's going to be a lot of fun."
Mark is kind of in child's pose between my thighs when a guy comes up behind him. As Mark puts his mouth back on my pussy the guy behind him puts his hands on the waistband of Mark's boxers and pulls them down.
I lift my head as much as I can to see what this guy is doing and as soon as he pulls Mark's ballsack into his mouth Mark moans deep into my pussy.
The vibration from his moan ripples through my folds and I can't help but moan and grind my cunt on his face.
The Ginger was not kidding I've never had a man devour me like this before.
The more this guy sucks on Mark's cock the more vigorously, his tongue moves between my clit and deep into my dripping hole.
I'm getting close to coming again and he can tell.
He slips two fingers deep in me and starts to make deep circles with his tongue on my clit.
I have my thighs as wide as they can go pressing my knees against the bed to bear down and feel his fingers pressing into my core.
While still eating me out he purrs, "are you going to cum for me again baby?"
I explode into an orgasm, his tongue back to dancing to its own rhythmic beat.
I start moaning explicits "holy fuck! Yes Mark... Eat my fucking pussy!! Aaahhh... lick me! Oh yes that feels so fucking good."
Mark starts to cum, I can tell by the way he is moaning into my pussy, the added sensation is amazing coupled with his fingers still slamming in and out of me like pistons.
I am still coming when his orgasm ends. His arm strength really coming in clutch while he continues to finger fuck me into oblivion. Licking up all the cum I continue to dole out.
I finally start to come down from my orgasm and I take quite a few deep breaths. I realize i can hear other people fucking in the background.
That was silly of me to have thought this many people would be sitting here waiting to fuck and just watch me. Especially when there are so many options to choose from.
I look to the end of the bed and see my friends have left their post for their own adventures but there are still quite a few people around the bed.