Calico Gets a Special Delivery
A wonderful friend of mine assures me, in great detail, that this actually happened. Of course, I've changed her name, and his, and the delivery company because one must do these things, mustn't one. Because of where she lives, they often have service people coming in. When I suggested making it a series, she volunteered to "be a slut in the name of art." -Emmerson
She was named Callie when she was born, but as her baby blonde hair grew out and was replaced by tri-color blonde, brunette, and red, her grandfather took to calling her Calico, and it stuck.
Now, at 26, Calico kept her namesake hair cropped short in the back and around her ears, but long and full, on top.
+ - + - + - + - + -
Before getting in the shower, Calico looked at her nude body in the mirror. She was (as Granny-Aunt always reminded her) rail thin, with square shoulders, almost no tits at all, slim waist, narrow hips, long legs that met at the auburn pubic hair covering her tight pussy.
She pouted slightly, feeling sorry for her pussy. Since she moved in with Granny-Aunt ten months ago, there had been precious little attention paid to her pussy, or her clitoris or tits for that matter. Caring for the 86-year-old woman was a full-time job. As remote as the house was, there was little opportunity to meet someone who wasn't a visiting home nurse, the trash collectors, or the occasional religious zealot going door to door.
Of course, there were exceptions.
Because they lived far from town and Granny-Aunt didn't like to leave the house. She ordered more and more online. This meant the delivery man visited more and more frequently.
Usually Granny-Aunt met him at the door and thanked him as she accepted the delivery. Calico beat her to the door a few times, giving her the chance to check out the handsome, young man.
He had the dark skin tone of the local Native American population. His black wavey hair and deep brown eyes only complimented a bright white smile.
With the short sleeves and short pants of his uniform, Calico admired his muscular arms and legs. The shape of a large, soft dick was often noticeable, dressed to the left. His name tag said "Jeff."
But she never had the chance to get to know him better, as Granny-Aunt would scurry over to greet him and send him on his way. The best Calico could do was gaze at his tight ass when he went down the porch steps.
Now, alone in the shower, Calico conjured the memory of his dick and his ass and his smile and his eyes gazing into hers. Holding those memories, she pinched her small but sensitive nipples, as she removed the shower head wand from its clasp and rinsed the soap from thin body. The warm water teased her nipples until they were hard between her fingernails. She threw her head back enjoying the stinging water against her skin. She moved the wand down to her crotch. With a flip of a tab in the handle, she changed the soft flow to a firm jet and pointed it at her clitoris.
She shuddered as pulse after pulse assaulted her clit until a sweet orgasm swept through her.
Calico had been through this ritual many times, always returning to a world of enforced celibacy and loneliness.
Today, that would all change.
Granny-Aunt's back yard was nearly a full acre, descending a steep hill. Some 50 years ago her husband put in a stone stairway that wound a switchback through four separate gardens on the hill. The cutting garden was at the top, closest to the house. Then the vegetables, the yuccas, and the seed garden at the bottom. The gardens were Granny-Aunt's pride and joy.
Calico could see the hillside from her bedroom window. Today, she saw Granny-Aunt at the seed garden, her baggy jeans hiked up, knee pads to protect her bones, digging away with a small trowel, bouncing to the tune of whatever was playing on her earphones.
Calico had gotten an email that a package would be delivered soon. She knew it would take Granny-Aunt at least 30 minutes to climb the stairs back to the house, once she was done for the day, and it was only 9AM.
Still nude, she carefully placed the small video camera on the corner shelf in her bedroom, the small twin bed perfectly centered in the shot. She began recording, knowing it could hold a couple hours at least. Then she walked to the entry hall and did the same with a second camera pointed at the front door.
Her pussy was dripping at the thought of watching whatever she got up to, not to mention any money she would make from downloads.
A touch of deodorant, a hint of perfume, a quick dash with a razor on her legs and elsewhere. With her blood still simmering from the shower, when delivery guy Jeff rang the bell, she was ready.
Standing at the door, entirely naked, Calico looked over her shoulder to make sure the camera was seeing her tight, young ass. Spreading her legs slightly, she threw open the door.
"Hi, Jeff. Let's fuck!"
Jeff stood frozen, staring.
Amused, Calico used the time to give him the once over.
Jeff was over six feet tall and displayed the tan arms and legs of his profession. His dark hair was tousled, and his face was covered in a light sexy stubble. His short sleeves and shorts were tight in all the right places. She smiled as she noticed his dick was crawling down the pant leg as it grew.
"You bet," Jeff came to life, realizing this was every delivery driver's dream come true.
He stepped through the door, leaving the boxes all but forgotten on the porch. "Ms Andrea or Miss Callie?"
She smiled as she realized he was using the only names he knew, the ones on the address labels. "Andrea is my ancient Granny-Aunt. I'm Callie. They call me Calico."
He pulled his eyes from her tits to the tri-color hair on her head and the auburn thatch at her pubes. "Perfect, Miss Callico." His voice was like distant thunder, promising a storm.
Calico gasped as he suddenly wrapped his strong arms around her lithe form, pulling her into a kiss. She opened her mouth to his tongue, which curled in around hers. It flicked across the tip, then filled her mouth as he plumbed deep into her throat. Calico grabbed his hair and pulled his face back. "My tits! Do that to my tits!"
Jeff bent low, his large frame leaning in so his mouth was on her areola. Calico gasped as his tongue lashed across the nipple, bringing all her fantasies to life. Still clinging to his hair, she dragged his mouth to her other breast. Jeff awakened that nipple in the same way, adding a tiny bite, eliciting a scream of delight.
Calico gasped, "How much time?"
Jeff reached to a device on his belt, flipping a switch that made a green light go dark. "Now I'm on a break." His smile stung her clit.
The big man leaned down again, this time sweeping one strong arm under her knees as he scooped her up. Her arms went around his neck automatically. He kissed her small tits. "Where's the bedroom?"
Calico pointed. "That way."
His movements were smooth and strong. She felt like she was riding the wind for the short trip down the hall. Her pussy was clenching, in a rush for fulfillment. "This door."
He stepped inside, gliding her through the room and down on the bed. The small twin mattress seemed inadequate for this sexy giant. As he stood back up, Calico spread her legs and slid her hand to her crotch, opening her pussy. There was no time for mixed messages.
"Eat me, Jeff. Suck my clit until my pussy is soaked and ready for a good fucking."
"I do like a woman who knows what she wants." Jeff quickly shed his clothes, right down to the dark brown socks. His chest was free of hair, but the muscles were well defined as if sculpted specifically to draw Calico's stare to his dark manhood, protruding at least eight inches from the thick, black pubes. Jeff stroked it proudly as it continued to grow.
Air fled her lungs, "Fuck me."
His eyes flashed, "I will, little one, but I believe you had a request, first."
In a moment he had grabbed her ankles, lifting them up and back as he laid between her legs. Her butt cheeks rolled open, welcoming him. She watched him gaze between her legs. "You have a beautiful cunt, Miss Calico." She yipped as his tongue landed on her clit. He licked down, then back up, stroking her sensitive button. She felt her center begin to warm. This man was exactly what she wanted. She rotated her hips, insisting he lick her everywhere.
Calico felt his tongue slide into her pussy. Then deeper. God, how long was it? She'd fucked men with dicks that were smaller than Jeff's tongue. And been happy doing it. But this was like a warm wet cock that... FUCK... that curled, that stretched, that seemed to seek out her most sensitive spots as if he was in her mind, knowing exactly how she... GOD DAMN... liked it. His tongue pulled out, leaving just the tip, now pointed and firm, to flick her clit with fast, hard lashes.
Then his fingers were inside her. Two at fucking once! Large and long and rough. Sliding all the way in, then out then back.
"Fuck Jeff, you're driving me crazy."
"I'm loving your pussy, Miss Calico," as his fingers began a steady rhythm of in and out.
"Oh god," she felt like she was falling through the bed. She gripped the sheets like a lifeline. "Jeff your huge fingers... fucking my tiny cunt AGH YES! That's my... THAT'S MY FUCKING G-SPOT!"
Her hips bucked and her hands clenched the muscles of his back.
Jeff put his mouth to her ear. "I know," he rumbled, softly.
It was more than she could take. Her voice rose in tone and volume as her orgasm crashed through her, sweeping her sanity aside in favor of a world made only for Jeff's fingers and tongue and teeth, and her pulsing, abused cunt.
As she came down, he held her close to his heart, stroking her short hair. The only sound was her panting and the soft rumble in his chest. As her breathing returned to normal, Jeff withdrew his fingers, leaving her feeling empty and hollow.
He slipped away from her, shifting on the bed until he was kneeling between her trembling thighs. "It looks like you're wet enough, Miss Calico," She looked down to see him cradling his cock. Fuck it was huge! He was stroking the head up and down her clit, sending sparks to her vulnerable center. And he was right; her pussy was dripping with desire. She shook her head, remembering the exquisite trauma of his fingers and wondering what this monster would do to her delicate cunt. She was desperate to find out.
"Fuck me, Jeff. Give me that amazing cock. Take me now."
Moving slowly, he eased the tip through her lips. His thumb found her clit, rubbing it softly, adding to her natural lubrication. Calico closed her eyes, wallowing in the feeling of being filled beyond her imagination. As he moved deeper, Jeff began massaging her sensitive nipples.
"Your tits are perfect, Miss Calico."
"Too small," she answered automatically after a lifetime of disliking her breasts.
Jeff pulled his cock back as he leaned forward, kissing first one nipple, then the other. She gasped at the unexpected sensation. "See? Perfect."
He looked into her hazel eyes as he continued to penetrate her, easing in deeper each time. She arched her back to welcome him, feeling every throbbing inch. His fuzzy balls tickled as they slid up her inner thigh. Jeff continued with long, slow strokes, each time pressing deeper and stretching her wider.
Calico grabbed her small nipples, squeezing and tugging them in frantic desire. Her lust was burning hot and fast. Her voice quivered, "Harder?"
She was stunned by her own request. Harder? With that giant creature slithering in her depths? But her lust would not be denied. She was slammed by his hips, her legs shoved back to her ears, as Jeff plowed forward. God, it fucking hurt. "AGAIN!" she heard herself scream.
Jeff was fucking her with solid thrusts, gradually faster and deeper. The back part of her brain wondered if this was similar to the pain of child birth. Shut the fuck up, the rest of her brain shouted down the back part.
"GOD JEFF, YES. SO FULL. DON'T STOP."
"I won't stop, Calico." (Not Miss Calico. She considered this progress) "I can feel your cunt grabbing me, pulling me in, wanting me. I won't stop until just before I cum."
"FUCK NO! I can't get pregnant, you magnificent man-beast. DO. NOT. STOP. FUCKING ME!"
Jeff roared at this news, hammering his huge cock into this tiny, sexy woman. He shifted back enough to take the weight off his hands and grabbed her tits, squishing the slightly thicker flesh in his massive fingers. The shift forced him even deeper.
"FUCK ME, JEFF. TAKE ME. I'M CLOSE. CAN YOU FEEL...OH FUCK!"
The back of her brain reminded her that the previous orgasm was nothing compared to what was about to let loose.
Calico shrieked, writhing and humping, digging her nails into his muscled chest. Cum spewed from her pussy, forcing its way around his cock. He kept pounding. She could feel him getting bigger, somehow stretching her cunt even further.
Then it happened. Jeff hollered as he grabbed her hips and forced himself fully into her pussy, his thick pubic hair colliding with her clit. "CALICO, YOU SEXY BITCH. TAKE MY CUM. CAN'T STOP!"
The coursing heat filled her, slipping around his monster, finding every corner of her cunt with his slick seed. She was almost surprised when another climaxed rippled through her.
Jeff managed to slide to one side as he collapsed next to her on the small bed.
Calico took a deep breath, giving the oxygen time to get to her brain. "Jeff, has anyone told you that you are truly gifted?"
His chuckle came from deep in his past. "My Aunt Gwen, since the day I was born. She's the one who taught me to be gentle with women, to lick and suck and touch them until they were, as you said, Miss Calico, ready for a good fucking."
"God bless Aunt Gwen"
Something across the room beeped. Jeff climbed off the bed and Calico watched his tight ass as he crossed to pick up his cell phone. That ass; she sighed as the cheeks spread when he bent down, then tightened as he stood back up. That ass; she made a mental note for another time.
They watched each other as they got dressed together; Jeff in his regulation brown boxers under the tight shorts, Calico skipped the underwear, putting on only a pink tank top and white short shorts. She knew it was time to take the plunge. "Jeff," she said, trying to sound professional rather than cute or coquettish, "I have a thing I like to do."
Jeff grinned, "If we didn't just do it, there's always next time."
She smiled. "I like to video record when I have sex," she blurted. So much for professional.
Jeff paused with one shoe in his hand. He looked around the room and now spotted the tiny camera. He grinned and shrugged, "That's hot. Can we watch it together?"
"I want to sell it, on-line, but I need your permission."
He thought about it for a moment as he tied his shoe. "Would you be able to edit out any parts that show my work uniform?"
Calico sighed. There goes the great shot of his reaction, not to mention her ass, as she opened the door. But she could always keep it for private viewings. "Doable," she admitted.
"Then, yeah. Sure. Where do I sign?"
She grabbed a standard contract she had printed out from the internet, handing it to him with a pen.
"Cool. We'll be porn stars. I hope my family doesn't see it."
"Even Aunt Gwen?"
"We might have to send her a copy directly." That devilish grin again.
After filing the contract away, Calico walked him to the door, grabbing a handful of ass along the way. She kissed his cheek. "Next time," she cooed.
He scooped her up with one arm behind her back, kissing her with that goddamn long tongue.
"Next time," he rumbled. He opened the door and picked up the packages still on the porch. He turned back around and carried them toward her. Calico reached out, but Jeff walked past her. "Ms. Andrea." He set the boxes on the counter next to Granny-Aunt.
"Thank you, Jeff, for everything."
He strode out the door, patting Calico's ass he passed. She closed the door and turned to Granny-Aunt, all but speechless. "How?"
"Mrs. Mitchell called my cell. She could hear you clear over from her place." She waved her arm in the direction of the garden, "Once I took out my earphones, so could I."
Calico dropped into a chair, wincing as her abused cunt pinched under her cheeks. She would have to check for bleeding later. "For how long, Granny-Aunt."
The old lady smiled, letting her fingers drift to her clothed nipples. "Somewhere around 'I can't get pregnant, you magnificent man-beast. Do not stop fucking me.' Very eloquent, Calico." She started to walk away, but turned back with a thought. "If you do find a 'next time,' please let me know." She tenderly put her hand to Calico's cheek. Her fingers smelled of pussy. "Let's call it 'house rules' from now on, dear."
Calico thought she noticed a spring in the old lady's step as she walked out the back door.