More unlikely nonsense from my oversexed brain. -Emmerson
I was sitting in the dimly lit corner of the fancy, Hollywood restaurant, drinking expensive wine because I make so much with my side hustle writing for Literotica. The tall waitress with the DD breasts in a black shirt, and tight black slacks that hug her perfect ass, walks to my table as I'm typing on my phone.
"Angel" she began the conversation.
"Hm, what?"
"I read the story you published about us on Literotica. You said we fucked without even knowing each other's names. I'm Angel." She unbuttoned her shirt, revealing that she was wearing no bra over her large tits and wide, dark nipples. "Now we can keep fucking."
I pulled her down to the bench next to me and started sucking her tits. "Besides fucking me, what's on your mind. You read my stories?"
"Oh fuck, yes. Harder." She pressed my face to her boobs as I sucked her nipples harder. "I read all of them. I got so hot, I was awake all night, reading one after another and frigging my clit. I must have cum a dozen times. Whenever a woman in your story touched herself and shares the cum with her lover, or when she licks it herself, I would dig into my pussy and lick the cum from my fingers."
"I'm surprised you got any reading done. That is one of my favorite bits I learned from the Dallas School Girls."
"That is what I wanted to ask you! You write in the first person. Did all those things really happen to you?"
I moved to her other nipple, not caring if anyone was watching. "The stories about Janice and Carmella are all essentially fact-based. I changed their names, of course, and threw in an extra partner now and then to spice things up, but the women are both real, and the part about my wife passing and my learning of her sapphic adventures with her circle of friends, is entirely true. The Dallas School Girls developed the finger-sucking as a kind of secret handshake. If they run into each other at a restaurant or PTA meeting, one of them will duck into the ladies' room and finger herself, then bring it to the other woman, in front of their husbands or the junior high school principal or whomever."
"What if someone catches on?"
"Funny you should ask. At a political fund raiser, Jan shared her juice with Roxanne. She thought she had been discrete, but a few minutes later the candidate herself took Jan aside and pushed two fingers into her mouth. They were covered in, not just cunt juice, but cum. The candidate explained that she had seen Jan and Roxie do their little ritual, and, curious, caught Roxanne at the first opportunity and kissed her, tasting the cum. Roxanne, being Roxanne, was dying to tell somebody about all their bi-sexual lady friends. Not only did the candidate go on to win a senatorial seat for the state of Texas but she was initiated into the Dallas School Girls before the fundraiser was over."
"God that is hot. I would love to have friend like that. So open and free and giving."
Her fingers were in my zipper, rubbing my dick. "Did you really fuck them all?"
"So far," I ran the list of names in my head. "I think I have four left."
"Including the gay man?"
I nodded as she worked my hard cock out of my fly. "Including Ryan, although I got an email telling me he'd be in town and asked if I wanted to join him for a drink."
"A drink?" she enthused, licking my long shaft. "That always means a man wants to fuck you." Her mouth surrounded my cock as she lowered her head. "Trust me on this." She said around my large cock.
Angel lifted her head, gasping because I was so big in her throat. "And the other stories? Rachel and Vanessa and the horny Greek family?"
"Rachel is completely fictional. I do have a sexy, college-age niece, but I have never fucked her. She does tease me a lot and someday, I may take her up on it. But if I write about the real niece, everyone will complain I'm repeating myself, as if I don't get enough of that already. As for the wedding, that was based on a video someone had sent me of a wedding they attended. None of the pre-ceremony craziness really happened, but once most of the non-family guests left, the incestuous swapping free-for-all took over. My friend was totally caught up in the immediate gratification of it all, joining in the orgy, fucking four different men, plus her boyfriend who was the groom's brother, in her ass in front of everyone turning her on in the extreme. But her favorite part for this previously straight 30-something was getting her pussy licked by the mother of the bride. She said she's been haunting lesbian bars ever since."
Angel had opened her own pants and had buried her hand under her panties. "Vanessa?" she gasped.
"Vanessa is a real person who was fucking my brother and somehow recognized me from reading my stories and asked to be included. I was hesitant until she unveiled her secret weapon."
"Her pubes," Angel said dreamily.
I nodded, captivate by the memory. "She and I have not spent much time together since I started seeing Jan, which is why she is part of the "Uncle Jerry" stories. Different universes, as it were."
"OH GOD" Angel doubled up as she climaxed, then brought her fingers from her cunt and held them under my nose. I immediately started licking and sucking the sweet cum.
"But you've crossed 'universes' a few times."
"The first time we met Calico, was on that Valentine's Day. Not only is that woman all about exhibitionist sex, to the point that Jan thinks she may need professional help, after we watched her videos, I asked if I could include her explorations in my stories. I sent her a link to the few I had at the time, and she answered back immediately via video call. She was so excited having read them, that she was naked and touching herself during the call. Jan and I agreed it would be rude to not do the same. We had a virtual three-way. I wrote her stories in chronological order rather than the way I came upon them. I wanted to establish Dr. Alex before Valentines Day. He's kind of important to Claico's motivation."
"Are they still together?"
"They got married, in fact. It was Father's Day, if you believe it. Jan and I went. We met Granny-Aunt who offered to suck my dick. We spent the night before the wedding with Calico and Alex, how really is that amazing in bed. But the reception was just boring cake and bad dancing. I may stop accepting invitations if it doesn't say 'Orgy to Follow.'"
Angel leaned back in the dark booth, peeling out of her pants and spreading her legs. "Fuck this job. Eat me."
I leaned down and bit her wet panties, sucking the juice from the cotton. I pulled them to one side, discovering her clit, swollen and reaching beyond the hood. I closed my mouth over it and starting sucking hard, dragging her over my teeth.
"Aw, fuck. That's incredible," She groaned, pulling my face tight to her pussy.
"What else? Tell me about the other stories. It makes me so wet to think of you fucking all those women."
"Not just women. I sucked Mitch's amazing cock and shared Jan in a DP with Cy." Angel's pussy tasted wonderful. I kept licking her as I slid one, then two fingers into her wet cunt. "And I've enjoyed being pegged several times, which is why I'm not too concerned about hooking up with Ryan. He's a few years older than me and handsome as hell. He's well-spoken and clean. I am kind of hoping his intent is to fuck me."
"Be careful. You sound like you're ready to make the Big Switch."
I added a third finger in her pussy, curling then along the roof of the vagina as I sucked her clit harder. "What if I am? The world would not end if I went gay. I'm pretty sure my daughters would still love me."
"But if you were gay," her voice was rising in pitch as she ground her clit to my face. "Then you couldn't do this for me. ... FUCK YES... Or fuck your daughter. Or Jan."
"I will always want to fuck Jan. I can't live without my Moon Goddess."
"So, bi-sexual then."
"Which I suppose I am already."
I grabbed Angel's ass, holding tight as her hips were slamming into my face.
"Will you post the story if you fuck Ryan?"
"Why wouldn't I?"
"You might lose some followers."
"Do I need homophobic followers?"
She screamed, "EAT ME YOU SEXY BASTARD! MAKING ME CUM. FUCK THIS JOB!"
Angel relaxed from her climax, caressing her pussy. I sat back up and reached for my wine, my cock still out and hard.
"Sexy bastard, am I?"
"What else am I supposed to call you?" she pulled herself up, her cunt open and dripping.
As I put my glass down someone picked up the bottle and refilled the glass.
Without bothering to cover herself, Angel glanced up, "Oh, hi, Johnny."
Johnny was a young man with a delicate face and broad shoulders. He was holding my wine bottle in one hand, and his impressive dick in the other. It seemed well on the way to being fully erect as he stroked it, pushing pre-cum from the tip.
"Did I hear you say you were bi?"
His smile caught me.