We had a reputation for having exciting and innovative webcams shows. We had sex on our webcam like everyone else on the website, but we also tried to entertain in addition to putting on a sex show. Some viewers were only interested in the sex but we had developed a loyal, large following of people that liked our shows. There was even a webcam message board where some other models were discussing how much they enjoyed our shows.
We went all out to come up with a Halloween webcam show that was unique and memorable. We made a good team. I was good with the technology and Katie was good with the ideas. She actually thought up this idea over the summer which was good because it took several months to to buy the wardrobe. We appeared as Ward and June Cleaver straight out of 1958. I made the picture initially black and white. I wore a conservative business suit, tie and a fedora hat. Katie wore a long dress with a 1950s style wig. Katie also had a vibrator inside her grannie panties that vibrated when we got tips. The higher the tip the more it vibrated. Katie had perfected this look that was a mixture of surprise and excitement that she gave every time we got a tip. We completely ignored the chat function and sat in a living room setting reading the paper and making small talk. The first goal was to make the picture color. The next goal were to get us to the bedroom where we changed into a conservative nightgown and pajamas. We had goals to remove our clothes and 1950s style undergarments. Once we were finally naked the big surprise was that Katie had a full bush which previously had always been shaved.
There were 4,000 people in our room when we announced a paid ticket show where 173 people paid 75 tokens each to watch us perform a 30 minute fuck show. We finished with Katie lying on the her back on the bed with her face off the end of the bed looking upside down and her legs up in the air and spread. I was on my knees in the middle of the bed with my one hand holding her legs for leverage and thrusting my dick deep inside her soaking wet pussy My other hand is holding a camera for a point of view angle which we are rotating every minute with an angle at the end of the bed that Katie is facing. As Katie is screaming in ecstasy, I pulled out and came on her face.
Without bothering to clean up or get dressed, we hold each other closely and spend the next few minutes on camera talking to our fans about the show and receiving enthusiastic praise before turning off the camera.
How did two regular, well educated, reasonably well off, conventional single people, meet, fall in love, get married and start webcamming. The following is our story.
Two Years Earlier
I grew up in Western Carolina where I was an only child. I was a loner who did well in school especially math. I am also a baseball sabermetrician. This is where my passion is and most of friends are baseball geeks that I know from internet blogs and message boards. I graduated high school at 16 and college at 19. Since I was younger than everyone else I had a hard time fitting in. In college I started going to the gym and running which was a big change for a kid who spent all my time in front of the computer growing up. While I was still in college I passed the actuarial exams so that when I graduated I had a number of job offers. I worked in the insurance industry for about five years. About three years ago I became obsessed with daily fantasy baseball . It is kind of like day trading but I find baseball far more interesting than the stock market. I was doing reasonably well in my regular job but two years ago I made more than twice as much money at daily fantasy baseball. I made the decision to quit my job and focus full time at baseball. I put a years salary in the bank and decided if I ever needed to use it I would go back to being an Actuary. Since I could live anywhere, I bought a home near the beach.
Since living in Wilmington my social life was average. I have had several girlfriends along the way, I almost got married once and was hardly a virgin. However, women, especially attractive women were a mystery to me, but I focused on other things and I was pretty happy. I was now making good money doing something I enjoy. I had some extra time on my hands and was using it to train for a triathlon. I joined a triathlon training group that met several times a week.
One evening I was at the dog park with my dog, Tejada a medium sized mutt I got at the shelter, and saw the hot girl from my triathlon training group. She appeared to be about my age and had some nice curves for a petite body. She had black curly hair and blue eyes and was very attractive in a cute All American girl type of way. She had a great smile. I did not think much of it because she was completely out my league. We talked briefly about the triathlon training. Her name was Katie and her dog's was a golden retriever named Matty. When I was ready to leave, Tejada, did not want to go. He is usually pretty obedient but he is also much faster than I am and that night he was not ready to go. I spent awhile chasing him around the park and several people were laughing at us including Katie.
About a week and a half later Tejada and I were in the dog park again and Katie and Matty were there as well. I talked to Katie more that night. She told me that just moved to the area about a year ago and talked about how she hardly knew anyone in the area. It was only later that I realized that she was probably encouraging me to ask her to do something together.
The triathlon was about a week later. I was warming up at 6 AM when Katie came up next to me, smiled and said hi . Her smile make me weak in the legs which is not a good thing when you are getting ready to do a triathlon. We talked about the race. She told me that the cycling was going to be her downfall and I said I was good at the cycling and running but not at swimming. We ended up taking a bus together to the starting line. Katie said she had been training really hard for this and was nervous. She was clearly focused on the race and was pretty quiet.
I knew the swimming was going to be ugly for me and it was. I was in the middle of the pack after the swimming but I was making a lot of ground on the cycling and knew that the running would be my best portion. When I passed Katie my adrenaline was really high and on the spur of the moment I said something about getting a beer after the race. I made up a ton of time on the running and ended up in the top 50!
When I saw Katie after the race she was excited about her time as well which was five minutes better her goal. She gave me a hug even though we were both sweaty as can be. I guess that was my first indication that Katie was not a typical girl. We hung out together at the finish line for awhile. We were both excited about the race and our conversation flowed easily. Katie had said that she had been training so much now that it was over, that she was not sure what she was going to do with free time. It was too early in the day to get a beer, instead I suggested that we go to our homes, shower, pick up the dogs, and meet up at a trail to go hiking. Katie said that sounded good. We exchanged phone numbers, I gave her the name and address to the trail and we planned to meet at 2 PM.
Karma was on my side. It was an overcast morning, but the sun was out by the time we met up. It was perfect weather and we had a great day. We ended up hiking for a couple hours. I was an only child, so I did not grow up around girls. My job and my interest in baseball were dominated by men. I had one serious relationship, a few other girlfriends that had fizzled out and now my primary exposure to women were thru a possibly unhealthy interest in porn.
However, Katie was different, she seemed so normal and the more we talked the more I liked her. Even better was that I was getting the impression that she was interested in me as well. By the end of the hike I was really excited and thinking about being in a new relationship.
After the hike we decided to go back to my house to grill dinner. Katie followed me back to my house, which was about a block away from the beach. Katie said she lived in a small apartment that was not near the beach. We locked the dogs in the house and took my car to the grocery story where we bought steaks, salad and a six pack.
We grilled and drank beer and talked about living in North Carolina. She joked about how at 26 she has turned into an old maid. The steaks were cooked perfectly and dinner was great. After dinner we went for a walk on the beach with the dogs while the sun was setting. It was romantic and eventually I reached for her hand and we held hands the rest of the way.
After our first date things moved very quickly. Katie and Matty started spending a lot of time at my place. We found that we had a lot of similar interests. In fact within 3 months, she had essentially moved in. We were both early risers, we had the same sarcastic type of humor, we each ran about 4 days a week at about the same speed, we liked to stay in and we both like to cook. We did not play mind games. We both made it clear that we thought the other was great and that we were both very happy that we had found each other. It made things simple.
When Katie's apartment lease ran out she moved in. Even Tejada and Matty seemed happy with this arrangement.
When I was younger I had a obsession with porn. I may not have been obsessed as I was when I was 17, but I still quite the porn connoisseur at the time I met Katie. I had been in a previous relationship for several years with a girl named Shelly, where I had almost gotten married..Our sex life was a big part of the reason we ended up breaking up. Shelly was not a sexual person. The sex was very vanilla and when we had sex I always felt like she was doing me a favor rather than something she wanted to do. With Katie it was completely different. Katie was enthusiastic, adventurous and not shy about sex. Getting the real thing with a beautiful girl who I loved was quite a change for me. Katie's breast's were not large but she has big sensitive nipples.
Most Sunday's in the winter became lazy days where after going for a run on the beach, we would take a shower together and spend most of the day in bed having sex and hanging out. We would have a lot of fun getting silly, being loud and then have sex three or four times throughout the day.
We would occasionally look at porn together. I was hesitant to suggest that we do it too much. One day Katie joked that I must have looked at a lot of porn before she came along. I asked if she ever looked at porn by herself. She said that she did occasionally when she moved down here before meeting me. I admitted that I looked at it virtually every single night before we met. I told her that I did not like the typical porn and that I found the situation more important to whether I am turned on than the attractiveness of the women. Katie said that was bullshit. I said that it was the truth. To prove my point, I told her that I have no interest in men, but liked looking at pictures of clothed females with nude males. Katie told me that I was very weird but wanted to see some of those pictures so I got out the ipad and brought up the pictures.
She picked up my phone and told me to drop trou which I did. Katie then took a selfie of us, her with a big cheesy grin and me with my mostly erect dick out. It was fun and we started taking these pictures on a regular basis mostly in the house but one in a while outside if no one was looking.
That incident really started the gateway to becoming more adventurous. We became a lot looser with nudity and being open about our kinks.
Katie had two old friends that were getting married. She went to Heather's wedding when we had first started dated and we were going to Amanda's wedding about six months later. Both were very big weddings. Amanda was having a massive 500 person wedding and I heard a lot from Katie about how stressful the whole thing was. Katie said several times that she if she got married, she wanted a very small wedding.
Katie wrote me a romantic note for my birthday where she said nothing would make her happier than growing old together. After I got her note I half joking said we should get married that evening. Katie said she would do it. We did not quite get married that night due to the logistics that were involved, but we did get married a couple days later by a Justice of the Peace at City Hall.
We planned a big honeymoon trip to Europe in a couple months but Katie was able to take a few days off of work and we were able to plan a short last minute trip to an all inclusive couples resort in Jamaica. It was kind of weird to live at the beach and then go to a beach but we figured that the resort would be upscale and fun.
When we landed in Montego Bay we had to take a transfer bus to the resort in Negril which was a couple hours away. The ride was a bit rough because of the way they drive in Jamaica and the roads are not as safe. On the bus there was a couple from Michigan named Cody and Stephanie. They were younger than us and both had a ton of tattoos and body piercings. Cody had a thick black beard. They looked like models you see in a magazine going for an modern cool look. When we made a stop midway for rest rooms, they immediately went smoking.
The resort was very nice. We basically spent the days fucking, drinking, eating and hanging out at the resort's beach and pool. There was a nude beach at the resort. We decided to go on our second full day since it was our honeymoon.
When we first took off our clothes at the nude beach I had an erection so I hid my dick but after a few minutes it went back to normal and it was fun hanging out on the beach while we were naked. However, the nude beach was actually pretty uneventful. Cody and Stephanie were there. We seemed to always run into them wherever we went. Cody's penis put mine to shame. He was very thick. Other than saying hi we really did not talk too much to them until that evening.
After a romantic dinner on the beach we decided to go to the bar for awhile before going to our room. Of course the hipster couple were at the bar. It seemed that they had been drinking quite a bit because when they saw us they acted like we were their long lost best friends. They bought us a round a drinks which is not a big deal when the drinks are free and talked about seeing us on the beach earlier in the day. They said that everybody else at this resort was boring. Stephanie asked if I wanted to know how they paid for the trip. I shrugged and asked how. She said that they webcam on an adult website. This was not a shock. After talking to them to them for a few more minutes, Cody said he had a proposition for us. They had their webcam in the their room and would pay us $500 if we went on their webcam with them and have a foursome. Now I was shocked. I said we were not swingers and that we were on our honeymoon. We went back to our room right a little later and did not see the hipsters much after that.
One night a month or so later we are lying in bed after sex and were hanging out looking at the ipad when I went to a cam website to see if we could find Cody and Stephanie, the hipster couple we met in Jamaica. We were looking at the couples section. There was a wide variety of rooms with people aged from 18 to their 60s from the United State to other parts of the world. There were close ups of hardcore sex to people sitting fully clothed doing absolutely nothing. Some of the people looked sketchy and others seemed like perfectly regular couples. Some were desperately begging for tips and seemed to be dependent on earning tokens while others had high quality camera equipment and seemed like professionals. There was a voyeuristic aspect that was addictive.
We had been going from room to room for about hour and I was just about to suggest that we go to sleep when we turned on Kentucky Bourbon's room. They were a couple about our age and they did not have the typical hard look of the people on the cams. They said this was only their second time and they were clearly somewhat nervous and unsure what they were doing. They started out slowly and were not getting many tips. The guy seemed to want to leave. However, they ended up adjusting the goals to more reasonable levels and soon enough they were losing their clothes. After they were naked they had a goal for oral sex for her and then him. By this time I was hard as a rock and when I reached under the cover, I found that Katie was quite wet. Soon we were having sex again just as the Kentucky Bourbon couple were fucking on the website live. It was very hot.
The-following week was the Baseball Sabermetric conference that I attend every year. This year it was in Minnesota and I was invited to speak on a panel. The conference is an opportunity to meet my friends from around the country to discuss what we are working on and then at night try to act like we are big partiers. I have been going to the conferences for several years and they were all pretty much the same.
When I got back from the conference, I could not have been more shocked when Katie told me she thought it would be fun if we started camming. She said it was up to me but she clearly wanted to do it. My first thought was that people like us may watch cam sites but we don't participate in them. I was also concerned that would change our relationship which was going so good and that someone we knew would see us. However, there was also a part of me (my penis) which was very excited about the idea.
When we first met I hard a time believing that a girl like Katie would be into me. However, we immediately developed a very strong connection and things moved very quickly. Katie has so much spirit and energy and it brought out a side of me that I did not know existed. Today it is impossible to imagine life without Katie.
**********************************************************************************
I am from Maryland where I was the youngest of five children . I had always been an outgoing, brash person. When I younger I was involved with the drama club and school plays but that was just for fun. My comfortable life started to change for me when my parents announced that they were getting divorced a month after I went off to college. My father quickly had a girlfriend who was younger than my older sister and my mother become incredibly bitter. I had two friends, Heather and Amanda that I have been best friends with since middle school. We went to college together. However, by the second year they both had serious boyfriends who they ended up marrying. On the other hand, my relationships never seemed to work.
In college I became a much more serious student than I had been and ended going to graduate school to become an Physical Therapist. It took years to complete the education and training to actually doing the job. Around the time I was finally fully trained my latest boyfriend, Justin broke up with me. I did not even like the guy but it was bruise to my ego. I decided I needed a fresh start. I wanted to go to a place where no one knew me and that is how I ended up in Wilmington.
I had been living in Wilmington for about a year before meeting Rob. I love my job. It is very rewarding to work with someone recovering from a stroke and helping them slowly get better. I have developed a number of special relationships with my patients. Since moving I have had little interest in having a social life outside of work. I quit social media because I was sick of hearing about other people lives. I spend my free time reading and exercising. I did get a dog, Matty to keep me company.
My previous boyfriends were douche bags. If guys were on a scale from nice to dicks I would go out with the guys closer to the dick end of the scale because I was afraid that the nice guy would be boring. There was a pattern with them that I needed to break. They were afraid of commitment and the more interest I showed in them, the more it made them pull away. After not having a boyfriend for about a year I was thinking it was time to put myself out there. I had started to look at dating websites but it just did not feel right trying to meet people online.
I first saw Rob at the triathlon training. I thought he was very attractive with a tall, lean but muscular body .I didn't actually talk to him until I saw him at the dog park.. He seemed like a very likable guy and he made me laugh when he couldn't catch Tejada. After the triathlon, on the trail Rob made a impression on me when he discussed being a super achiever in school and in his career who realized a few years ago that he was not happy, so now one of Rob's goals is to work from home in his shorts or bathing suit doing something he likes. Rob was a definitely on the nice guy end of the scale but he was also interesting.
I liked Rob and thought things were going well. About a month after Rob and I started going out, I had my friend, Heather's wedding to attend in Baltimore. I considered asking Heather if I could bring Rob but thought it would be too much trouble so I left Matty with Rob. I went to the wedding with a gay friend that I grew up with.
The wedding was very depressing. Heather and I had once been so close but it was clear that we were growing apart. She and so many of the people that I grew up want nothing more out of their lives than to turn into their parents. I am not sure why but it made me very sad to realize how little I had in common with most of my childhood friends, like there was something wrong with me.
Amanda and I were the Co Maidens of Honor. My big responsibility was to give the speech because I am good at public speaking. I gave a standard speech about how great Heather is and I told some embarrassing stories about her. I got a lot more laughs than the best man speech but when I was finished I had an overwhelming desire to leave. I was walking out of the wedding fighting back tears while people were complimenting me on a speech.
I found a quiet spot outside and called Rob. He sound so happy to hear from me. I asked him if Matty missed me and he said he was not sure about Matty but that he sure missed me. Usually we would joke around, but Rob knew just what to say when I needed to hear that I belonged somewhere. I talked to Rob for about five minutes but I felt so much better after getting off the phone with him. That was when I realized how good Rob was for me and that I was falling in love with him.
I like to joke around a lot and sometimes that annoys people. Once I asked Rob to let me know if it bothers him. He actually looked hurt and said he can tell the difference between teasing and being mean. I found that Rob is very good at getting even.
Rob has a tremendous amount of knowledge about the most meaningless things and sometimes he will go on and on and I just laugh at him. One day I could not find my keys and eventually Rob helped to finds them by tracing back my steps from when I came home the previous evening. Afterward he tells me he learned detective skills as a kid from reading Encyclopedia Brown. I smile and made the mistake of telling him that I used to like reading those books when I was little. He then talks about every Encyclopedia Brown mystery. I just remember I used to like to read those books, Rob on the other hand remembers every detail about those books. So I started calling him Encyclopedia Brown. In retaliation, he started calling me Snoop. I had never watched The Wire and asked why Snoop and he just told me that you are both girls from Baltimore. Eventually like a year after he started calling me Snoop, we watched The Wire together and I find out that Snoop is a viscous killer.
Rob is extremely smart but can also be so absent minded. We will park in a shopping center, go into a store for 10 minutes and Rob will not know where he parked. After this happened a couple of times, I refused to help him. I would just walk behind him as he searches for the car. However, eventually he intentionally would not find the car and we would walk around the parking lot for 15 to 20 minutes until I got tired of it and point out where the car was. After that happened a few times, I stopped following him and just led the way to the car.
My sex life had always been conventional but it was something I missed in my year without a boyfriend. The day of the triathlon was great and I was definitely in the mood to fuck but all we did was make out. I was disappointed at the time but after thinking about it I decided that Rob was more of a gentleman than I was used to and he needed a nudge from me. Our second date a week later, we went to dinner and a movie. After the movie started and the theater was dark. I leaned over and gave him a mini hand job through his pants, When we went back to my place I invited him up and we had sex for the first time. Like his body, Rob's penis was long and thin and he was really good. It turned out Rob's sex drive matched my own. Rob was a different type of lover that my previous boyfriends. He was very attentive and seemed to get as much pleasure from eating me out that from getting a blow job.
In previous relationships sex was best at the beginning of the relationship and then the excitement waned. However, with Rob it was the opposite. After a couple of months I lost all inhibitions and the sex went to another level. I would open my legs wider, take his cock deeper and scream louder. I even started squirting sometimes. Our sex was outstanding, like a porno, which at the time I could not decide if it was something I should be embarrassed about or proud. I would think of sex constantly.
Those lazy Sundays are magical. It is like we are the only two people in the world and we have so much fun together.
I knew we were moving way too fast. However, everything felt right from the beginning . It is like we are soul mates. Rob is incredibly smart and funny. We can spend hours just joking around and teasing each other. Rob treats me like I am special and I learned to trust him very early so that I can just being myself without trying to impress him. I know Rob loves me and he makes me incredibly happy. When we discussed getting married, I knew it was crazy since we had not known each other for very long and it was like a game of chicken between us. However I also knew that I wanted to marry Rob eventually so it was not that outrageous to get through with it.
After we got back from the honeymoon, we found that not much changed by being married. Which was good because it was pretty great before we got married. Our family and friends thought we were crazy but we knew we made the right decision.
The bad thing about living at the beach is that many of the houses are rented out on a weekly basis to people for their vacations so there are a lot of strangers in the neighborhood every week. In addition, the houses in the neighborhood are right on top of each other.
One cloudy Saturday we had been doing laundry and had come back from a run when one thing led to another and we were ready to fuck. The sheets from our bedroom were in the washing machine so we ended up in the third bedroom. We had been going at it for about 30 minutes which had included oral sex for each of us and multiple positions. I was on top facing the wall when suddenly Rob stopped and kind of shrieked.
We did not spend much time in this room and Rob had not bothered to put up any drapes or blinds. The house next to us had a large deck on the back facing the ocean and the another deck on the front of the house. There is a thin wrap around walkway that connects the two decks and it is right outside our third bedroom window. There were six people (three men and three woman) that were on the walkway and were watching us. As we rushed out the room, they started cheering loudly.
I was in shock that these perverts did not even seem to hide that they invaded our privacy. One of the things I love about Rob is that he is so laid back. I have never seen him mad. He is always rational but in this case I wanted him to do something and he was saying that he did not think he could do anything .After I calmed down I realized that Rob was right, that it was partially our fault for not having the window covered. We were newlyweds having sex. It was not the end of the world. By the time our bed sheets were back on our bed, I had decided the incident was exciting and we were fucking again, albeit making sure that no one could look in again.
Up until then I felt like I was living in Rob's house which was very much a bachelor pad. After the peeping incident I became more active in decorating the house and treating the house as ours.
When Rob went to his conference it was odd not having him around. It was, just me, Matty and Tejada and I got bored quickly. Around 9 PM the first night I was surfing the web and I went to the cam website. Over the three days that Rob was gone I became obsessed with the website.
The first night I was thinking about how we would be better at this then most of the couples. We were young, reasonably attractive and in good shape. In addition, having a personality and being able to entertain was a plus. One of my favorite things to do with Rob is just lying in bed and being silly together.
The second evening I had decided I wanted to do it. Was it really a big deal to let others watch me having sex with my husband? Maybe men would be masturbating to it but I would not see it. Rob had top of the line computer equipment and I figured we could do some things to ensure that our identity was kept a secret.
The third night was spent learning all I could about the website and getting ideas about what worked and what did not work. I learned that the tokens that were used for tips amounted to a very small amount of money and after the share that the website took, not many people were making much money from this. However, this was for fun not to get rich. I created an account and got the process going. I called our room Happily Ever After and called each other Snoop and Encyclopedia Brown.
When Rob came home and we discussed it, he was surprised but open to it when I had answers for his concerns. The website allowed users to block access to users in certain states so we blocked the states either of us had ever lived in. We established some ground rules. We would only go on together, there would be no interaction with anyone from the website except for on camera, no private shows, no privates messages, if one of us wanted to stop we would and we would not go on cam more than twice a month. We were ready to move forward.
It was decided that the third bedroom would be our studio. We had bought blinds so no one could look in. We set up the cameras and did a trial run just for ourselves to get used to fucking with the cameras. We had never filmed ourselves before and it was actually pretty discouraging because the cameras were more distracting than we thought.
Rob was struggling to stay hard which had never been a problem before. He was focusing too much on the camera angles instead of the sex. We decided we were going to have to take this slowly. Our plan was to only go on the website that first day to make sure that the video and sound were working well.
So we went ahead and signed in to broadcast ourselves. We had a banner that said only a test please ignore. We had not yet been verified so we could not even get tips at this point. I was wearing a red under amour tank top with no bra. The picture and the audio looked very good and we were playing around with the zoom. A guy named Bill156876 started chatting with us asking how we were doing and what our plans were. We started talking to him. He had been on the website for years and gave us advice about his experiences. Really it was not anything I do not know but it was nice to confirm what I had figured out and to talk to a fairly normal and friendly guy from the website. As we were talking we were getting more relaxed and slowly a few more people were joining and we were getting requests to show them my tits.
Every once in awhile we would turn off the mike and discuss whether we wanted to continue. I was doing most of the talking in the chat room and was keeping the conversation going. I was discussing my observations from watching the web cams and it was generating a lot of comments. We made Bill156876 our moderator when the users in the room went over 100. We were also drinking wine as well and were into our second bottle. I starting do a lot of teasing. Every time I moved, I knew I was showing side boob and cleavage. The whole situation was very hot. I felt Rob through his underwear and knew there was not going to be any performance issues now.
There were a lot of comments, requests and questions, but I realized that we were in control. We could discuss what we wanted, ignore what we wanted and have our moderator delete what we did not want and kick out the people who made those comments . Eventually we decided to start picking this up. Everyone was requesting a flash, I did one better and took off my shirt and walked right in front of the camera giving everyone a titty close up. God it was such a rush. We stayed on for another hour or so. I gave a flash of my pussy and ass. Eventually I took out Rob's cock which was quite hard and started playing with it. There was around 1,000 users in our room at this point. After awhile I was giving him a blow job and he was starting to get close to cumming when we decided that it was enough for the first day. We said goodbye, logged off, had a good laugh and had a great fuck.
We got over 600 followers from that night. After the first time on the cam we were both excited to come back but wanted to stick to our rules of of only webcamming twice a month, so we were going to wait two weeks and go back on that Saturday. There was definitely an anticipation as the days got closer. At the dinner on the Friday before, I asked Rob if he wanted to go on tonight rather than wait until Saturday. It sounded good to him and after dinner and a quick shower we were back on the website. There were quite a few of our followers who came back to our room shortly after we got on so it did not take long to have a large group of people in our room. We were now verified so we could get tips. The tricky thing about tips is that it is somewhat out of our control how quickly tips are given and could make things very boring to everyone if we are doing nothing but waiting for tips to reach a goal.
We had updated our biography with a FAQ to hopefully cut down on the same questions. We had a rolling message to review the FAQ and ask questions at your own risk. Our plan was to set reasonable goals to remove our clothes and set higher goals for sex acts. We were unsure if we were going to going to fuck on camera or save that for another time. The goals to remove our clothes were achieved quickly and we were naked. Then the tipping hit a lull and it was challenging to entertain the people in the chat room while not doing much sexual until we meet the next goal. Eventually I came up with naked karaoke. Rob suggested that The Pretenders Brass in Pocket seemed like an appropriate song to do and with some suggestive naked dancing we were able to regain the viewers and the tips started pouring in. I was now completely comfortable being naked on camera. The next goal that was reached was for a close up of my pussy which brought the users in the room over 1500.
After a few more more goals were reached we decided that we would fuck if we got 4,000 tokens in an hour or we would leave. We spent about 45 minutes talking with the people in our chat teasing and saying that it looks like we would not be fucking on cam tonight. We had about 1,500 tokens left when some person sent a 1,000 tip. We were about 500 tokens short with five minutes left when the same person donated the remaining tokens. We then put on show. I was so turned on that I did not worry about the cameras. We fucked like there was no one in the room but there were 3,500 people viewing at the peak. After we finished we hung around for about 15 minutes where we got lots of compliments and were even told we were the hottest couple on the website.
Present Day
We do not cam for the money but we would make about a couple hundred dollars a month and would do something nice every once in a while with the money we made. Webcamming was fun for Rob but for me it was something more. I loved it. The thrill I got from doing something taboo and the praise that we got from the audience when we were on cam was hard to match. Fortunately I am rational enough to know that there are more important things in life that I would never jeopardize.
Right after the Halloween show we found out that I am pregnant. As a result we are going to put webcamming on hold for the time being, but I hope we go back to it eventually. We had agreed from the beginning that we wanted to have children eventually, but had really only just started trying. The decision to try to get pregnant was the most important decision that we have made together. Our life together has been so great it was tempting to wait a few more years to have children. However, we agreed that we did not want to wait until we were old to have kids.
Our marriage is still great. These last two years have been by far the best of my life. My previous relationships were always struggles that involved a lot of work, but with Rob it was so natural it never feels like work.
When I found out I am pregnant I was scared shitless. I have no doubt that Rob will be a great father but I have plenty of doubts of how good a mother I will be. I am also concerned about making such a big change to our life when we are so happy. However, the idea that we are creating a life that will be part of Rob and part of me is awesome.