"HEY DERRICK!!" I was half a block away before Holly caught up to me huffing and panting. I waiting for her to catch her breath.
"What do you want now?"
"I didn't say thank you, did I?" She'd removed the bandana, wiping her brow with it as I folded my arms across my chest.
"No, you didn't."
"Okay, let's go to that motel across the street." Holly softly took my hand tugging on it a bit until our torsos were pressed together. Her immense cleavage surged like baking bread under my nose.
"Why?"
"I guess negging does work on me, after all." She smiled looking much like some cherubic kid with that bushy shock of sand colored hair. It reminded me of a lion's mane.
We crossed the street to the motel walking hand in hand.
UNDERCOVER FREAK: SIZE QUEEN EPILOGUE
***************************
Holly's hand was pillow soft and plump as she walked beside me along the crosswalk to the opposite side of the street. Her work uniform, the nurse's smock fit loose on her body the weighty jiggle of her bust was telling. She was tall, almost my height with an air of unpredictability about her. Without the bandana her bushy, sand colored mane was out in the open sporting Ghana styled braids in the front while the rest was a bushy mane that gave her cherubic features a regal air. Holly wasn't wearing makeup but was still quite fetching with a bit of eyeshadow to bring her eyes out.
"Black and Mexican; that's the question on the end of your tongue, right?"
"Yeah, but I wasn't gonna ask Holly."
"But then, it would've been on your mind and I can't have that taking away from my girls here." Holly gave the underside of her bust a playful bounce. I could tell how big and massive they were as she glanced down taking liberties. I winced as she gave my shaft a pinch, laughing.
"You got jokes, baby."
"You didn't like it Derrick?" She was smiling, but the underlying aggressiveness was omnipresent on her person.
"Do it again." I punctuated my statement by reaching back cupping her butt with a hearty squeeze.
Holly chortled like some schoolyard girl slapping my hand away as she arched in the opposite direction. I tugged her into my side letting my hand drop down covering her ass with a circular massaging motion.
"I got enough back there, but not as much upfront." Holly admitted of her figure.
She didn't move my hand this time as we entered the parking lot of this shady looking motel that looked like it hadn't been remodeled since the 60's, design wise. The place had definitely seen better days and the drive-in style sign had a couple of flickering lights. The motel clerk's office was well lit by contrast with the registration desk surrounded by double layered Plexiglass. I filled out the index card as Holly leaned on my back watching. I was surprised when Holly dug a wallet out of her pocket fishing out some bills to pay for the room.
"What?"
"You carry a wallet?"
"Yeah, I can carry a wallet; there's no law says a woman can't carry a billfold. Besides, I usually keep it in the vault." Holly leaned into my side letting her side boob rest against the counter.
"Vault?"
Holly tugged at the bottom of her nurse's smock allowing her barely hidden cleavage to bubble to the top through the short V-neck. It was a sight to behold rising out of the opening in dramatic fashion. Holly tucked the wallet into her cavernous cleavage making it disappear from sight completely.
"Goddamn girl, you need to be on America Got Talent with that shit."
Both of us snickered like dumb teenagers. She pressed her face into my shoulder motioning towards the bullet proof glass, chortling. This skinny Asian kid with some thick, coke bottle glasses was eyeballing both of us with a wide, impish grin.
"WELCOME TO HOTEL CAPRI!!" Both of us broke up when he saluted us.
Off in the distance one of the parking lot level rooms was buzzing. I opened the door, but Holly decided to press into the counter smiling gregariously at the clerk.
"Hey, if I show you these; can I get a discount huh?"
"Ah, cut that shit out; stop messing with him." The clerk was shaking his head profusely fingers interlocked in a fist before his bird chest. Holly glanced back at me with a look of criminal mischief before calling my bluff.
Her back was to me cheating me out of the big reveal as this mixed beauty yanked up her smock in "Ripping the Band Aid off "fashion unleashing her twin monsters on the addled teen. Even from my vantage point, you could see her boulders spill from her brassiere with the force of a lead weight. There was an audible thud when they hit the wooden counter.
"O jenjang! mwoya! sesang-e!!" To say the clerk lost his shit, would be an understatement as he opened the register refunding Holly's money.
"Come on here, girl!" I snatched her away from the counter, half pulling Holly outside the glass enclosed office.
The kid scrambled behind the counter coming up with his phone, but we were halfway to the buzzing motel door. Holly was socially flexing slamming her palms into the door making it swing wildly open.
"OH, WHAT'RE YOU DOING, DERRICK?!!" My hand came swing right up between her legs, middle fingers on her slit as I pushed her inside our valued room number one.
"Just helping you inside, baby." I pressed into her slamming the door behind us. The clerk was on his phone talking excitedly as I lost sight of him.
The moment that door shut Holly's hands wrapped around my abdomen from behind rubbing my abdomen and roughly squeezing and kneading my crotch. This girl was ready for action even groping and cupping my balls. She unbuckled and unzipped me in seconds, already past the elastic band of my boxers pinching it outward to release my throbbing erection. Holly encircled the shaft at the base using her other hand in a stroking motion away from our bodies. Honestly, it was kind of like being mauled by a bear. Her breasts were mashed against my back like two enormous, water balloons.
"Damn!!" I gasped, caught off guard by her energy. It seemed like she'd built up a head of steam as I was registering for the room and now, she was about to burst.
Her weight was considerable and compromising as she leaned in hard leaving me to support myself with both palms against the other side of our motel room door. One of her soft hands drifted up my abdomen to my chest, pinching and rolling my right nipple. This sent a torrent of auxiliary blood to my fattening cock at light speed. It hurt a little becoming steel hard in the pillow soft palm of her right hand. Holly knew how to touch a man, letting the underside of my shaft rest in her grasp, softly stroking it and running a finger over the crown ever so often.
"Are you gonna cum, or can you last a few minutes?" Holly asked, her breath hot at the base of my skull. I took umbrage that she thought I was a five minute guy.
"Oh, you think you got it like that?"
"Stop fronting, I know I got you right now Derrick; I just want you to get the first one out of the way so we can do some fucking." There was something in the authoritative sound of her voice that triggered me, but I couldn't put my hand on it right away.
"Oh, we gonna do some fucking; you can bet your ass on that, Holly!"
"JUST WHAT I WANTED TO HEAR!" She quickly released me taking a step backward allowing me to face her but flattened her palm against my sternum.
My back bumped the door as I found her without her scrub bottoms. Holly managed to lose her pants while she was feeling me up leaving only her ankle socks and white sneakers. She was standing there with her smock gathered up revealing her lower half which was rather thick supported by shapely legs. I found myself staring at a slightly sloping tummy over some very small black colored bikini panties.
"Cute." I motioned towards her shoes with a smirk. She took it in stride pressing two condoms into my open palm, obviously from her wallet. She had to have removed them from the billfold while I was checking into the motel.
"You can take them off for me, Derrick." Holly turned her back kneeling on the edge of the bed presenting a very meaty looking butt.
Those bikini panties turned out to be a thong that made her honey dipped skin stand out even more. I took note of the hunched over posture Holly assumed on the bed which was essentially a kneeling fetal position that made her butt pop out that much further.
I wasn't going to wait quickly sliding both of the condoms onto my straining pecker before digging my fingers into those squarish hips driving myself home. She was already beyond wet as my cock slid in and downward at angle ending with an audible smack as my pelvis hit her solid backside. Her inner grooves, that velvety tunnel was decidedly narrow and a tight fit. Holly let out a distressed sounding moan followed by some whimpers that gave me the impression that she was trying to control her reactions. Her body tensed up presenting this sort of inert, stationary target. It was like fucking a boulder.
My pants were bunched up around my ankles, but I managed to spread my legs a bit more giving it to her as best I could. There was a lattice of barely visible stretch marks at the junctions where her hips met her pelvis and a bit of chub rub between the thick, yet substantially shallowness of her cheeks. I could tell that she'd experimented by looking at her backdoor but didn't think it wise to stimulate it without asking first.
Her gasps were synchronized in time with each of my thrusts. She felt good with an exquisite pressure on two thirds of my girth. The pleasure was found on the inward stroke because her body would instinctively tighten around me. Her posture remained the same and that was off putting, causing me to slow down a bit.
"Did you cum; you blow your load, already?" Holly asked rather plainly.
"No, I need you to do something for me, though."
"You're not putting it in my ass, fool!!" She moved a bit turning her head on the bed giving me a view of her profile. That nurse's smock was bunched up around her torso hiding her bust in concert with her stiff posture.
"Shut up; I want to see your body, Holly. I want to fuck you real good, but it just feels pedestrian right now and I know you're capable of so much more." There was something restrained about her after we just got started. I could feel this sort of barrier around her person, invisible but wholly tangible.
"You throwing shade at my pussy, huh?" Her tone was sharp, antagonistic.
I recognized the innate harness and crude, misplaced bravado. My first girlfriend had taught me a thing or two about rueful petulance, so this was nothing new. I knew what to do; how to respond to this unspoken challenge.
Holly cried out several times, whimpering and gasping when I started swinging my hips wildly into her ponderous buttocks. My fingers found a bit of spongy flesh in her slightly frayed saddlebags giving me leverage to go harder than before. In moments she was back to controlling her aural responses, now grunting with each powerful thrust. That exquisite tightness sent waves of pleasure up my spine, making my inner thighs pulse.
I didn't care because I wasn't fucking Holly for pleasure. I was self-medicating with her body in order to put some sexual distance between myself and Jenny Delacruz. I didn't care that both of us were partially dressed or that Holly Santos was an insufferable bitch who didn't have an ounce of compromise in her Rubenesque body. I recognized the biting sarcasm and fake bravado for what it truly was...pain.
"OH, OH SHIT YOU'RE REALLY HARD!!" It sounded like she was struggling with even that meager admission through gritted teeth.
It was begrudged, but an earned acknowledgment that I was keen to expand upon. I pushed harder trying to trigger a selfish orgasm for myself, not caring if she got hers because she was being selfish in her own respect. We agreed to share our bodies and nothing else.
"FAAAWKK MAN, YOUR DICK IS-FUH!! AWWWWNNN!!" My shaft was coated in her essence, a milky sheath of froth lubricating the condoms I was wearing. Her cunt was throbbing, the grooves of her inner walls massaging and churning up my spunk. Holly felt good to the touch, real good.
"YEEEAAHHH, FUH, FUH, FUUUKKK DERRICK!!" I doubt she even realized that I'd broken down one of her walls of resistance with the candid admissions of what she was feeling. The bubbling wetness was now yielding audible evidence of her wetness in a series of vulgar queefs as Holly reached back pulling her thong to the side.
Her legs were shaking, going rubbery from the constant stabbing motion into her velvety pink. Just the slight bit of movement, that adjustment and unspoken accommodation spoke volumes. Holly reached between her legs frantically rubbing her clit, eventually slapping it. She caught me off guard with a sudden dip in her lower back rearing up on all fours, tilting her head backward mouth agape. I was sexually indifferent isolating my gaze solely to her muscular derriere clapping back into my crotch.
"SHIT, SHIT, I'M FEELING IT DERRICK!! FUCKMAN, FUCK IT HARDER!! GET THAT PUSSY!!" My nails dug greedily into her hips, hooked fingers locking into honey soaked flesh.
I started rearing back enough to let half of my shaft outside on the outward strokes, slamming hard inside. Holly's nurse's smock drifted off one shoulder exposing a brassiere strap which dug oppressively into her shoulder. It sunk into the softness of that shoulder straining to continue its designed purpose. It was a dingy cream color which aroused my curiosity further. Holly shifted, spreading her legs further to allow me a bit more access. She was unconsciously popping her hips back into me, caught up in the pending rapture.
"IT'S ALMOST HERE, IT'S CUMMING, YOU'RE FUCKING ME SO HARD!! KEEP DOING THAT SHIT, KEEP FUCKING DOING IT, MAN!!"
The tone of her voice, the minute intricacies were intimately known to me now, and I surged forward allowing my balls to slap against the underside of her butt. Every thrust resulted in complete penetration, stuffing her as full as I was able. Holly suddenly resumed her Rock of Gibraltar posture becoming a tight ball. She was almost a human armadillo, violently masturbating as she began to cum.
There was a flurry of movement on my part reaching down yanking up on my left pants leg enough to get my foot on the bed. That smock slid up covering her shoulders and head, exposing the back of her brassiere. My hands were handling the front of her thighs, roughly yanking her back into my offending member with aplomb. Her voice was raw, labored with every thrust earning a righteous gasp of pleasure. Holly stiffened up all over signaling the cresting of her climax and I just went for it almost trying to sever my cock inside.
"AAAAWWWNNNNN, AWWWNNNN BAAAA-BEEE!!" Everything else became unintelligible in a mouth stuffed to the brim full of melted bravado and mush. Right at the height of her climax, I pulled out stripping off the condoms.
Thick, milky ropes of ejaculate cut a diagonal swath across her left butt cheek followed by several others. Substantial amounts ended up concentrated on her rear entrance almost filling that shallow canyon between the squarish globes of her ass. I cupped the outside of her right hip, stroking out the rest as Holly rocked and swayed, audibly cooing. The splotchy, soiled appearance of her butt stained buttocks appealed to my inner deviant nature. I let my shaft rest in her gluteal cleft achieving a bit of success by cradling the halves about my girth. Holly let me have my fun for a few minutes.
"Can you go again Derrick?"
I responded by gently pushing on the side of her left hip indicating that I wanted her to sit upright, facing me. The person shifted a bit under Holly as she righted herself facing me. I was unprepared for the mountainous wealth of cleavage staring me in the face. The off-white cream colored sports bra was little more than a hammock for the dual boulders adorning her torso.
"What do you think?" My throbbing, still erect cock was pointing directly at her face.
I wanted my cock in Holly's mouth, but she had other ideas grabbing the back of my thighs bringing me forward level with her bust. I watched my endowment disappear into her cavernous, sweaty cleavage. Holly cupped the outsides of her mams providing a slick heated cradle of meat around my length horizontally. It was literally a straight shot as I covered her hands with my own, pumping away. Her breasts were so massive, I couldn't see my thrusting cock. I noticed a weird sensation tickling the tip of my penis. It turned out to be Holly's hidden wallet.
"Trying to break into the vault, eh?" I opened it finding three more condoms along with a wad of cash. I removed the last three rubbers tossing the billfold on the bed beside Holly. I got naked as she watched.
"Maybe later, I want some more of that ass right now. I'm not gonna lie, I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you!" Holly watched me roll one of the rubbers onto my thickening member rubbing her mound pensively.
"Oh you think you can handle this? Think you got enough in the chamber for five foot ten inches of fully packed womanhood?!! Can you take care of 40L-44-56 inches of mixed pussy, eh payaso?!!" My brow raised at her measurements, but she wasn't fooling anyone. She wanted it as much as I did.
"You sound like fucking Dolomite; when your record come out?"
"MADRE FUCKER, DEBO PATARTE EL CULO!! MEJOR SEGUIR DARME QUE BUENO, BUENO, NEGRO!! FUCK ME RIGHT NIGGA!!" Holly's ability to go between the languages of her parents was flawless with perfect diction for each dialect with no lingering accents.
"Okay bitch."
Her thick, voluptuous body would've been problematic for someone who didn't know how to handle it, but this wasn't my first rodeo and I wouldn't have given a shit if it were. I just wanted to lose myself in her lush, pillowy curves. It was obvious that she liked the rough stuff as I crouched low to the floor grabbing her ankles quickly standing shoving Holly on her back. Pushing her knees into her doughy abdomen wasn't happening, so I opted for turning this woman into a human wishbone. I went balls deep right off the bat, but let my member rest inside looking down at her face.
"Come on, do it motherfucker. Fuck the shit outta me like you mean it!" Holly rocked her hips a little, trying to prod me into action.
"That's what you like?"
"Yeah nigga; that's exactly what I like; are you gonna do it or are you parked in the garage?" Her hand was already rubbing her clit, but I swatted it away.
"That's cheating."
"Fuck you!"
Holly Santos had no idea of my mental state, of the memories floating through my head of being fucked around, punked and emasculated by a litany of women from Jenny Delacruz, undercover thot Shaila and finally that uber bitch, Jong Park. Hearing her cuss at me was like lighting a match and tossing it into a gas tank. She half shrieked as my body came crashing down on her. My face was buried in her cleavage, arms snaking around her body as my hips popped and twisted driving my cock, deep. I was grinding her like sandpaper, feeling every groove her walls had to offer.
My chin was hooked over her right shoulder with intent while my fingers dug under the elastic material of her sports bra peeling it upward. I wanted at those fucking tits she was so damn proud of, and I wasn't going to be denied. Holly could feel everything, wrapping her arms around me in a prone bearhug meaning to squeeze the life out of my lungs. It felt like we were grappling as she likely struggled with some inner demons as well. Despite her size and the awkwardness of her enormous teats, Holly was rolling her pelvis in counter clockwise fashion for optimum sensation and penetration. I couldn't deny this mulatta knew how to fuck with the best of them.
Her huffing strained breaths were music my ears as I edged forward drawing my knees up under the back of her thighs. I assumed the frog on a Lilypad position between her splayed out legs, multitasking as the undersides of her massive breasts started to appear. It ended up being a struggle of epic proportions because despite its elasticity, the brassiere clung hard to her sides.
Holly winced a bit and ground her teeth, but otherwise did not assist or impede my progress. I kept at it finding the half exposed portions of her saucer sized areolas starting to appear. The sight of those half circles encouraged a more frenetic response as my thumbs slid around the front of her cleavage working her brassiere revealing those exciting nipples.
Her breasts spilled out forcefully, revealed as even larger than I thought. They were the size of watermelons, easily bigger than my head. This set off an excited frenzy as I handled the closest one squeezing it with both hands running my thumbs over the prominent nipple until she squirmed. It was swollen like a raspberry. Holly gasped aloud when my lips closed around it, suddenly shifting underneath me.
"HEY, WAIT!!" It was too late.
My mouth was filled with a wetness, saccharine sweetness flowing to the corners of my gullet. It was a sustained squirt hitting the back of my mouth as Holly rocked and shifted reaching up handling the back of my head. I eased up looking at the tiny bubbles of wetness on the surface of her nipple. I raised up finding Holly looking away, flushed.
"You, lactate?"
"Yeah, you gotta fucking problem with that shit, huh?"
Her sports bra had been turned inside out revealing two circular breast pads. Holly Santos was a mother, and this added a dimension to our impromptu tryst. There were questions I wasn't going to ask. I recalled the enticing peek offered in the restaurant and her actions once we entered the room. Her initial posture hunched over in a fetal position.
"No, but I wanna know some nigga ain't gonna kick the door in on us."
Despite my question both of my hands were cupping the outsides of her breasts mashing them together. She was bloated with milk as my actions caused a few bursts of wetness, running freely from her swollen nipples afterwards.
"I'm by myself; I ain't got nobody, alright?" Holly sounded rueful, still looking away lost in some recent memory.
"Hey, look at me bitch."
"WHAT?!!"
She sounded ready to throw hands, but I stole a kiss. There was no tongue or anything overtly passionate about it, only a nonverbal acknowledgment of her admission. She responded kissing me back until our tongues were entwined.
"You don't mind if I help myself; I mean I won't if you need it, okay?"
Holly scoffed still cupping the back of my head, roughly mashing it down on her right breast. She reacted instantly moaning as I vacuum sucked on the available nipple. Her milk was really sweet, the taste close to almond with a bit of oily texture to it, overall. She began squeezing it in pumping fashion giving me my fill of her bounty.
"Get the other one too, nigga." Her voice was husky and labored, moaning sensually as I took the other teat into my mouth sucking hard, swirling my tongue on the areola. The little bumps surrounding that prominent nipple were sensitive to the touch. My endowment had been resting inside her snatch the whole time.
"AWWWWW YEAH, SUCK'EM DERRICK!! SUCK MY TITTIES, DRINK ME!!" Her pelvis was rolling and arching up into the base of my cock. I was barely moving, allowing Holly to go at her own pace. She was triggered something fierce by the stimulation.
"BITE THE NIPPLES, CHEW 'EM UP BABY!! THAT-AWWWNNNN, THAT SHIT FEELS GOOD!!" My teeth sank into the buoyant flesh of those huge breasts as I alternated between them ramping up my actions below the waist. Holly was sopping wet, our combined actions causing audible splashes and queefs. I could feel the muscles in her stomach flexing as she let out a breathy moan.
Both of us were drenched in perspiration but my face was dripping with her wetness. Holly really got into it pinching her nipples inundating with squirts of milk until I acquiesced suckling each breast one at a time before taking both nipples between my teeth. I grinded down on her rubbery nips causing a tremor to run through her zaftig proportions that caught me up in its wake.
"AWW-AWWW-AWWWWNNNN, I'M CUMMING!! I'M CUMMING BABY, AWWWNNN!!" I found her voice exponentially stimulating. Her aural climax starting as a breathy yawn evolving into a throaty series of gasps as her cunt snapped down on the middle on my shaft. I couldn't help it anymore wrapping her tightly in my arms as Holly followed suite.
She bit down into her lip whining in distressed, muffled fashion going into overdrive twerking her crotch in a wrenching motion that felt like she was trying to wring me out. Things got even more animated as her belly undulated and shook a bit as I did my part, spearing her cunt with decisive strokes. I don't think I was bottoming out, hitting one of Holly's walls instead. It was a target and I thumped the fuck out of it as she lost it making some weird sound I'd never heard before. It was somewhere between a guttural growl and childish sobbing, incessant.
All four of her limbs clamped down on my midsection trapping me in a human iron maiden as Holly squirmed and humped out her orgasm caring little I was there. Her swollen puss was moving in a counter clockwise motion almost creeping jerkily away from my thrusts, only to stop for milliseconds letting me poke her. She was stroking me out, her thick arms reaching up hooking hands over the back of my shoulders. I wasn't going anywhere. My face was completely engulfed by her massive mams, her sweet tasting essence drizzling into that deep cleavage. Her legs tightened up in the small of my back, actually bucking. Holly was now literally fucking, herself.
"FUUUUHHHHH-FUH-FAAAWWWKKK IT, AWWWW!!" I was nearly snapped in two as her lower back arched up off the bed into my pelvis while she tightened her interlocked legs into the small of my back simultaneously.
My hand position mimicked her own reaching under her arms, fingers digging into her shoulders. Then it was over as Holly flopped down on the mattress releasing me with her extremities splayed apart devoid of strength. She looked thoroughly fried, the post coital bliss reading across her cherubic features. A third of my throbbing cock was still buried inside her snatch, unfulfilled as I addressed the elephant in the room.
"Holly, you ain't gonna leave me hanging, are you?" Her head raised up enough to look down at her muff, partially impaled. She covered her face with both hands, snickering.
"Alright man, come and get these." She wearily cupped the outsides of her breasts, pushing her enormous glistening, oily breasts together. I was a little trashed myself, slowly mounting her chest.
The only way to really appreciate her massive breasts, was from this position atop her thick body. Her breasts barely flattened, the tops of those honey soaked mams cradling her chin and cheeks. One could almost describe them as pillows perfectly cradling my member. Holly was still blissfully euphoric as I started driving my member through her huge knockers. The entirety of my endowment was hidden from view. Both of the dueling halves massaged my shaft independently and in tandem. Her nipples were fully engorged pointing at the ceiling of our rented boudoir.
"I bet you like sliding your dick between these big ass titties; I bet you've been wanting to jizz all over them since the first time you saw me, eh payaso? Come on Derrick, wax these motherfucking titties for me!!" Her voice was soft and encouraging, almost cooing encouragement.
"AWWWWW YEAH, THAS RIGHT BABY; CUM ON THESE BIG ASS TITTIES!! WAX 'EM UP REAL GOOD FOR ME!! JUST KEEP CUMMMING UNTIL AIN'T NO MO' LEFT!!" Halfway through her sexual coaching, I started blowing thick ropes of jizz in torrents between the deep valley between her enormous breasts. Part of it was the tits; the rest was the matronly sound of her voice. There was this trilling quality to it that only a black person would respond to, something embedded in the psyche.
"Oh, look what you did, Derrick; look at the mess you made of my titties, baby." The soft playfulness in her voice exposed the practiced cooing used to get me over the hump. This woman knew her strengths and played to them expertly.
Holly released her knockers letting her arms rest at her sides allowing them to naturally part. They were meaty and thick with the slightest bit of jiggle, partially pooling in her armpits and the top of her biceps. I'd truly made a mess of her torso with oily pools of precum intermingles with gooey strands of cum. I stared mesmerized at the deluge of milky discharge, using my member to spread it around a bit as Holly rolled her neck and shoulders, shifting underneath.
"You can get up off my chest now." There was a starkness in her voice that struck me like a slap in the face as she brought a hand up to her chest. She scrunched up her face looking at my cum slowly running down her fingers.
I sat beside her watching as her other hand covered her muff. There was some writing on her mound, script like writing in Spanish. I didn't care to ask what it meant just looking at the voluptuous opportunist beside me.
"Hey, you ain't falling in love with me or nothing, are you?" Holly noticed.
"Uh, you ain't got nothing to worry about." She began to stir as I averted my gaze downward looking at my own depleted cock.
"Good, I always get guys trying to put a ring on it when I give 'em that good, good. Fuck, you lasted longer than I expected Derrick; you work out or something?" She scooted to her side of the motel bed losing her socks and shoes.
"Nope." Holly glanced back over her shoulder, still slightly flushed.
"You sure you ain't catching feelings, Derrick?"
"I'm not sprung; honestly, I'm just glad you're basic. Hell, at least you didn't try to shove a dildo up my ass." She stood on her side of the bed processing my reply. I wondered if she'd caught the backhanded compliment but didn't care about the consequences if she did.
Holly Santos was basic.
"You were serious about that?!! I-I thought you made that shit up because my story was so awesome!"
"Didn't tell you a story, I told the truth." Holly whistled tapping her huge bust as she walked around the edge of the bed into my field of vision. I glanced up at her face finding a cheesy, fake looking smile, all teeth.
"Sorry about pouring those cups of water on your head."
"Oh, we weren't making up for that just now, Holly?" She giggled reaching out playfully rubbing the top of my head. After a few seconds, I started kneading one of her thighs.
"I really did kick the shit out of my mom; I wasn't lying about it either."
"Whatever."
"Come on, let's get cleaned up, baby."
She offered her hands letting them hang in front of my face until I relented taking them. Holly Santos was worlds stronger than she looked easily yanking me up to my feet. Holly gave me a light hug pressing her naked body against mine. It seemed like she was looking for some kind of response repeating the action two more times before my hand found its way to her left breast. I gave it a hearty squeeze prompting her to cup the underside of my balls doing the same. Her hand drifted up to my shaft using it as a fleshy leash to lead me into the bathroom and the adequate standup shower. I cupped one of her butt cheeks as she slid the door back, turning on the shower.
"I don't know about this; looks like we might have to order out." There was one small bar of orange colored soap in the shower dish.
"I think it'll work out." Holly replied tying her bushy mane up in a ponytail.
"Yeah, I think you're right." She took the bar wetting it before lathering up my chest.
I liked the feel of her hands roaming over my body. It felt good to be touched by a woman like this. She spreads the suds down my abs into my crotch lathering up my cock. Holly used the palm of her hand in tandem with a twirl of the wrist creating a twisting motion that was heavenly.
"That feels good; you really know how to stroke a dick. I get the impression you've done this a few times." I noticed her eyes narrow as a sneaky looking smirk appeared on her lips.
"Well, since you implied...I didn't always have these huge tits, you know; they were a small D-Cup in eighth grade and my fake mother made me cover them up. Actually got one of those compression bras to hide my boobs and made me wear two t-shirts over that. That shit made me look frumpy and lumpy, got my peers at school calling me gerbil. My hair was perpetually nappy back in the day, too."
"That's fucked up; my dad was too cheap to take me to a barber. I spent my formative years with the brotherman's buzz cut."
"Shut up; I'm telling a story." I bit my lower lip as she continued stroking my cock with that soap and two hands.
"So like I said, mom wanted me functionally androgynous and chaste. There was no way I was getting out of that shit, so after too many belt whippings, I went all in with the "Butch" aesthetic. Started wearing oversized jerseys and baggy jeans with boots. People thought I was a lesbian, most of the girls didn't fuck with me either. I was a nerd in the weird girl category; and then I had to go and fuck it up."
"What happened?"
"Stuart Miller." She stopped playing with my cock, looking entranced for a second as I pictured some jock pretty boy fuck, a little jealous.
"Stuart Miller?"
"Yeah, he lived down the street from me in the valley; lived in this apartment complex for lower income families. We were hanging out since I was a freshman, going to movies and comic book stores; basically acting like a couple when we totally weren't. He was a nerd too, actually one hell of a nerd. All that hanging out kind of drifted into our school. His mother fucked up some paperwork somewhere and he ended up transferring in my school. He was so fucked scared and it was like blood in the water for all those sharks prowling the hall."
"I can relate."
"Yeah sure, do my back Derrick." It was work in the small cramped shower, but Holly managed to turn her back to me drawing her bushy ponytail over her shoulder. I didn't mind the view in the least.
"Stuart was getting a hell of an ass kicking around campus, pretty shitty stuff but hey, it was a ghetto school, so you know how it goes. We were each other's support system hanging so tight that people started calling us the king and queen of the nerds. It was doubly fucked up because the guys were clowning him about dating a lesbian. It got so bad that he started ducking me. That motherfucker was doing that shit for a couple of weeks before I caught up to him."
"Did you beat his ass?"
"Yeah, I caught him around the block, shoved him against a mailbox and went to town on his ribs. Since he was trying to get a come up on my dime; I didn't feel like he was my friend anymore. I broke his fucking glasses and you know what he did?"
"What?"
"He took it everything and then the bitch, apologized. Went home without his glasses and left me standing there with bruised knuckles. Never fought back, just did his best to keep me from hitting him in the face the whole time. I had his broken glasses in my hands when my dad drove by on his way to work. Dad knew me like the back of his hand, so I copped to fucking Stuart up. Dad promptly took me back home and whipped my ass for bullying."
"Wow."
"Yeah, I'm a blatina mutt; so everything is fucking blended in the house, Derrick. In my mom's culture, the Mexican culture, the dad reigns supreme and they have this weird way of punishing you for transgressions."
"I'm almost afraid to ask."
"Don't weird out on me; it's just that corporal punishment is different. I lay on my bed ass up while he whips the shit out of my actual ass with a thick ass belt. Man, he really laid into me that day also telling me that I made him late for work. I was told to apologize and tell Stuart that he would buy him new glasses when he got paid. After he left, I sat there feeling like absolute shit."
"I bet."
"I started crying really hard, like the kind of crying you do when a family member dies or something. It was because I got pissed and really went in on him. That shit was wrong, and I knew it; but I wanted him to know how bad he made me feel. I sat there blubbering and taping those glasses back together, then I drug my sorry ass down to his door ringing the bell. Guess what Derrick?"
"Tell me, Holly."
"His mother whipped his ass too before rolling out to her man's place; so we were in the same boat as I returned the fucked up glasses. We made up and started hanging again, playing video games at his apartment. We just hugged it out, crying because we let a bunch of assholes split us apart. He started talking about how the guys kept calling me a lesbian and asking if he was taking it in the butt. He said they were asking him who the man was in the relationship, and that's when it happened."
"You two fucked?" I was softly caressing her back under the spray as steam filled up the enclosed shower.
"Shut up fool, escúchame, Derrick."
"Just asking questions, Holly." Any pretense of actually cleaning our bodies went out the window as I reached under her arms cupping the undersides of her heavy breasts.
"Well, I got him out of his pants because I wanted to prove how straight I was, so he got like, a bunch of hand jobs. It was my first time seeing a guy's dick and I was just kind of examining it, tugging, and pulling on it while both of us were holding a conversation. That fucker played it off with the talking shit, until he blew this big ass load all over the carpet. Some of that shit hit the fucking tv, too. I was so stupid back in the day; Stuart bullshitted me saying that if I didn't help him out, he might have to go to the hospital to get the rest of his jizz drained out by a doctor."
"Bullshit; you fell for something like that?!!"
"Fuck you man; didn't I mention how mom had a iron fucking grip on the crib. I didn't know shit about sex and I'd just hit eighteen, so I guess I was kind of a sheltered tard. Catholic household and strict, overbearing mother-HELLO DERRICK!! Well, anyway I jerked the fuck outta Stuart, but wouldn't let him touch me or nothing. He was cool because I really cleaned those pipes for him; even walked me back home because it got dark out. Unfortunately, my mother was already at home waiting with that belt."
"Sorry."
"She tried to bum rush Stuart yelling all this racist shit in Spanish, but I took one for the team getting in the way. Mom was like, "AWWW SHIT, YOU THINK YOU GROWN, HUH" and that was it for me right there. She started beating the shit out of me outside while I was telling Stuart to go home. She dragged me into the house screaming and beating my ass until the cops showed up at our door. My siblings were so scared they were hiding under the bed in their room."
"Did your mom go to jail for that shit?"
"Fuck no, both of the cops were Spanish too; they were like cool once they saw a fellow Mexican. Mom put on that fake professional face she used at work, even giving one of those fuckers one of dad's beers. No child services or even asking me if I was okay. They pulled up and I got the rest of that ass whipping and a little extra the next day."
"Extra?"
"Yeah, she called off from work and continued going in on me with the verbal. She was calling me a whore and saying my huge tits were making me hot in the ass for black dick. What a fucking hypocrite because I'm half black!! All of the fucking kids are half and half; that bitch wouldn't have dared say that shit if dad was home. She was going full rage Mommy Dearest and I was stuck there with her in that house."
"Fuck Holly; what happened?" I was sliding my palms all over her breasts lathering them up, intermittently pinching her nipples.
"Free clinic, even though we had insurance. Guess she didn't want dad finding out about that fucked up shit; so I got humiliated with a degrading checkup, millions of pamphlets and condoms-and tried to get me an implant. One of those under the skin deals, to keep me from popping out any pups before she could bounce my ass up out the house after graduation."
"THAT-IS FUCKED UP!!" I tried to draw my hands away, but Holly reached up holding them against her breasts.
"I was so fucking mad because she was telling me that I wasn't allowed to go anywhere but school and back home again!! She was talking all kinds of shit about me getting a fucking breast reduction because I was one step away from being a hooker and how I was gonna start going to church more often and other crazy nonsense!! My mom was jealous because her tits are some little flappy, moobs anyway!!" I could hear the anger in her voice, also feel the rage emanating from her body.
"Shit man, that's messed up."
"I know, right Derrick? When we got home, she fucked up my room tearing all my posters down, snatched up my laptop and was gonna swipe my phone too. We got into it for the first time, straight physical but I wasn't trying to fight, just hold her off. Anyway, tossed my phone behind the headboard and she couldn't get it because she was too fucking fat. She got real pissed talking about sending me to fucking Mexico so my grandfather could teach me how to be a lady!! HE USED TO BEAT HER ASS FOR THE SAME THING-but it was true for her!!"
"Hey, we don't have to talk about this shit anymore."
"No, please let me finish; I need to finish, and we'll finish, too. Just keep rubbing me, caressing, and playing with me, please." Her hands covered mine sliding my hands over the expanse of her enormous mams.
After a few seconds I was sufficiently enthralled while my member was cradled between her cheeks. Holly knew her way around a man's body planting her palms flat on the tiled shower wall, rubbing and grinding her butt into my shaft before continuing.
"Mom got the belt again, but I locked my bedroom door while she was down the hallway getting it. She started going crazy, yelling all this shit in Spanish, and just fucking the door up. I panicked, started screaming at the top of my lungs hoping somebody would call the cops. She was getting the door loose from the other side, so I opened the fucking window and climbed out. I noped the fuck out and I wasn't coming back either."
"So you went to Stuart's?"
The underside of my shaft was rubbing the crack of her ass while Holly bumped and twerked in brief intervals as my fingers dug into the spongy boulders sloping off her chest. The steam had risen giving everything this surreal quality as we fooled around. Her moans and little whispers enhanced the proceedings taking me out of myself for a few moments to kiss the center of her back.
"It was already after school; my dad was at his second job and there was no way I was going back home. Stuart's mom worked from three to twelve, so I figured I'd tell him I was running away and get a little back after all the shit mom put me threw that day. I wanted some get back, but I was so scared of her in those days."
Holly's thick, muscular butt was working my cock into a lathered mess and I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed her hips, smacking wildly into her butt for a good five minutes. The friction and slippery frottage had the translucent, sliding shower door fogged up. She feverishly snatched my hand back up to her right breast wanting it handled. I began pinching and twisting that thick nipple making her shriek and whine.
"Put it in here." I glanced down finding her free hand parting a cheek in open invitation.
"Holly."
"Do it; I want it in there."
She was almost pleading just above a whisper as the spongy head of my crown gently pushed inside. Holly gasped, lightly pushing her butt backward until all was inside. One of my hands was pulled down to her crotch, intent on having her clit stimulated. We started bumping softly as I diddled her button. My free hand continued kneading her huge bust, pinching her nipples.
"AW DERRICK, YEAH THAS WHAT I NEED!! Yeah man, do that shit; make me feel it baby!! Fuck me so good!! YAAAHHH, I FEEL IT THERE BAA-BEEE!! Oh, I like how it feels; so much better than Stuart."
"Did you guys do it that time, have sex?"
"No."
"No, why?" she was working back into me with deep, meaningful strokes. I didn't have to move much as she continued.
"Stuart didn't believe I was running away at first, but I just kept telling him anyway. He tried talking me out of it by saying how my dad would be hurt if I didn't say goodbye. I knew why I was there, but this guy was so stupid and fucking oblivious. So, I asked him for a cup of water and when he left the room, I lost the oversized jersey and the dumb t-shirts. You should have seen his face when he got back with that water."
"You didn't fuck?"
"Didn't I say, no?" I ignored the agitation in her voice watching my cock slide in and out of her backdoor as the steam obscured us. Holly's hand covered the one diddling her, partially directing it.
"I told him that my chest was the reason my mother was so paranoid and apologized for the racist shit she yelled at him that night. I offered my boobs for him to uhm, use. He was staring at me all crazy, kinda making me nervous! His hands were trembling so much, I had to put them on my tits, myself."
"That was the first time you ever titfucked, right?"
"Yeah, he blew his load so quick, but his dick stayed hard. Stuart fucked the shit outta my titties a bunch of times as I laid on his bed on top of his homework and comics. He didn't give a fuck about anything once he realized I'd been holding out on him. Kept talking about how he couldn't believe it was happening, and if only he knew I had big tits!! He just kept fucking the shit outta them, even when I said stop, then he tried to stick his dick in my mouth..."
"You beat him up again?"
"No but I shoved him off and started bitching him out; he probably thought I was gonna steal on him. So he started apologizing and saying all the right things until I was naked. He was so excited that he just splooged all over my pussy before he could put it in. That asshole tried to get me to suck his dick again, so I got dressed and went back home. It was about ten thirty, and my dad was standing outside the house smoking a joint with a tall can in the other hand."
"You were in trouble, huh?"
"Yeah but dad understood like mom never would and a bag of my clothes was outside the front door with his packed duffle bag. Both of us ended up staying over at his friend's house for two months while mom drove my siblings nuts with her bullshit."
"Divorce."
"No, just satellite marriage bullshit with dad going home a couple of times a week to bang mom cause she had it in her head that he was screwing around. Also he had to check on the other kids who were begging him to come back home. We had to go back, because I wasn't a virgin anymore by that time and his family was all the way on the other side of the country."
"Huh?"
"Don't judge but I did what I had to do to stay in that lovely house. It started with my tits but got out of hand before dad found out." We were fucking pretty hard at this point with nothing held back.
"His friend had a son?"
"No."
"What?"
"It started off with fifty to see and play with my tits but ended up at three hundred dollars to shove his cock between them with the promise of more finances to come, Dad didn't know shit because he was working his ass off and drinking when he was home. I was ghosting Stuart at school after I came out, getting all the fucking clout in one day when I finally dressed like a girl. He was so hurt, but he couldn't get near me anymore."
"Shit Holly."
"Dean, my dad's white affluent friend, was probably about fifty when he took my cherry. We were supposed to be titfucking, but that fucker shoved it inside!! He didn't give a damn about being arrested for assault and said he'd get off because I was legal. I got the shit fucked out of me on that bed surrounded by twelve hundred dollars in cash when dad stumbled in toasted with bottle in hand."
"He fucked that guy up?"
"We fucked Dean up together; my dad was drunk off his ass and no match for a naked pervert hopped up on Viagra. I had his splooge all over me and inside too. I ended up getting way more than dad until he begged off telling us to get the fuck out of his place. I told him, uh warned him that I had his cum all over me and was going to the cops; but he just laughed with a mouth full of blood. He was calling my dad as we pulled down the driveway offering shut up money."
"You didn't take it right?"
"Not really."
"What does that mean, huh?"
Instead of answering, Holly kept bumping backward with rough, jagged twerks of her hips drawing both of my hands up to her breasts. I didn't want to think about her story. The recounting of it was supposed to be therapeutic in my opinion, but she seemed to want me to know how scarred she was on the inside. I remembered the first time we met at that damn porn convention with mixed feelings because both of the women I encountered were so fucking broken, shattered into a thousand pieces. Holly allowed her legs to part a bit rewarding the exposed portion of my tumescence with complete balls deep penetration. She was leaning against the wall like she was being arrested.
"Oh, fuck me Derrick-FUH!! FUCK IT FOR ME DERRICK!! I NEED TO FEEL SOMETHING!!"
Water was splashing everywhere as we rutted and ground one another into nothingness. I was cumming before I even realized it, filling her to the brim. I withdrew resting my tumescence between her cheeks as the vestiges of my essence glazed her thick, meaty derriere. After a few seconds, Holly turned to face me, gasping, and flushed.
"I didn't really earn that scholarship, academically. It was, kinda owed."
"Don't, I don't wanna know." Both of us were inundated by the shower spray as Holly brought both of her hands up running them through her bushy lioness mane.
I couldn't tell if she were crying or if it was simply water running down her face.
"Hey just hear me out; it's the least you can do after I let you into my ass. Sorry to be so fucking dramatic, but I- uhm, feel like I need to get this shit out." She was fondling me as she spoke, stroking my tumescence lightly.
"Okay, tell me."
"Ah, fucking mom had to go and cheat on my dad; so shit went sideways in a big way after I kicked the fuck out of her. I just beat her down and took her phone finding out about that other guy she was fucking; I wanted a piece of him so bad Derrick, kind of obsessed. Got my friends involved after my dad told me to leave mom alone."
"What'd you do?"
"I fucked it up man; screwed myself and all my goddamn friends; puto abusador de niños!! Yeah Dean got out of the deal when that school got a truckloads of my nudes from that guy mom cheated with. I tried to roll her again for what she'd done to me, beat her like she'd beat me all those years, but dad stopped me. I got pissed and stormed out with his car keys; was gonna take care of that slick bastard, myself."
"Holly, you didn't?" I was afraid I was about to hear a murder confession.
"No, he was gone, and so was my future. His apartment had been packed up and the movers left the door unlocked. I sat in that empty apartment looking out the window for something. Funny, it kind of smelled in there, guess from my friends fucking him up. One of the guys, did a number two on his carpet. Stupid asshole, the cops took the shit for testing." Holly chuckled at the morbid situation as I realized I wasn't going anywhere until she finished.
"Go on, continue."
"Drove home a few hours later in the dark; hadn't realized I left my phone at home. It was cool being unplugged, so I guess I should thank that bastard for something at least. I found Stuart walking home from the convenience store and talked him into my car. We went out to the woods and came back the next day. Mom had nothing to say about that, and you know what?"
"What?"
"If she'd just kept her cool when Stuart brought me home that night; none of that shit would've happened." We stared at one another under the spray which was fast becoming cold.
"Why're you telling me this?"
"Because I needed to Derrick; I think you need to hear that sometimes things happen for a reason."
Her motivation was oddly affecting as I stepped closer intending to reach around her to turn off the shower. She wrapped her arms around me in a meaty hug full of desperate promise which was awkward. Holly snatched down a towel wiping the excess moisture from my body like some dutiful wife.
I returned the favor, but she snatched the damp towel away bringing my hands to her breasts as she handled my member feeling it lengthen and fatten. Her fingers slid along it as we both watched it thicken to the point that it hurt. Holly knew how to touch a man, well versed in using her body as I pondered the complete validity of the story she'd told. My body didn't care one way or the other.
"Come on, fuck me one more time." She half whispered leading me to the bed where she released my hand crawling onto it on all fours. I was getting ready to take her from the back when Holly turned facing me on hand and knee.
Her lips parted gradually accepting most of my length as Holly rocked lightly using her mouth to please me. Her huge breasts were more pendulous in this position, swing like big meaty pendulums. Her Rubenesque figure was awe inspiring prostrate in this manner as her weight caused the bed to rock and creak.
There wasn't so much suction as she used her mouth in wet, sloppy fashion holding oral position as I plunged in and out. I gathered her bushy hair up into a tight ponytail going a bit harder until a web of drool ran down her chin. Images of her being taken in the same fashion by some faceless man prompted an abrupt halt to the proceedings.
"You don't have to stop; keep going Derrick. I wanna make you feel good tonight."
"Let's feel good together, okay?"
I cupped the underside of her chin using my thumb to wipe away the vestiges of my precum intermingled with her copious saliva. I prodded her upright on her knees by pulling up on her chin until her face was level with mine. I kissed her lightly on the lips, leaving her breezy.
"Okay."
Both of us cupped the outside of her huge breasts, jointly fondling them together until she pinched her nipples wetting my abdomen with enormous mams engorged with milk. She allowed me to play and nurse on her teats as much as I wanted, alternately kissing her sensuous and hard. My hand refused to let go of the makeshift ponytail trapped in my fist as we fell into the bed.
I slid in balls deep to the hilt, methodically long stroking Holly as she moaned and gasped with every thrust. Her cunt was gummy and slippery wet, snapping down on my shaft until she was shivering. Both of her legs were spread apart at her sided, knees folding calves under the back of her thighs in a new display of flexibility. I made a meal out of her nipples, nipping sucking and grinding my teeth on them as She wailed arching her lower back.
Her belly rose off the bed while she caressed my back rubbing and massaging as milky froth appeared on my thrusting member. Her thick butt bounced up in comedic fashion allowing more depth as I thumped her walls. I cupped the outside of her enormous breasts pushing together as hard as I could until milk was squirting and running freely from her engorged nipples. Holly Santos felt too good as I gathered up her legs pressing them against my torso.
Her cries of pleasure had evolved into more girlish sounding gasps as my crotch slapped into the bottom of her butt. My balls were bouncing from the kinetic motion as I continued moving forward eventually squatting in place giving Holly everything. Her hands continually groped and squeezed her massive bust until it was glistening with moisture, even her face.
The fire in my inner thighs was searing and unbearable as the spunk boiled in my sack churned into a frenzy by this zaftig ingenue. Her crotch was rocking, sawing, and bouncing making the bed shiver and shake under our frenetic coupling. That churned, agitated jizz was being worked up my shaft in scintillating degrees by her popping hips until I could take it no longer.
Holly could feel it too, instinctively locking her ankles together in the small of my back despite my position essentially crouching over her, vertically. She pulled my hands down onto her tits, covering her nipples as her sweetness flowed between my fingers because of the dead weight mashing down on them. Her eyes were slits, face flushed almost beet red as she sobbed openly wrenching my cock about inside her snapping cunt.
Her interlocked ankles bucked against my back like some jockey trying to reach the finish line as I began to crest. I fell to my knees struggling hard to separate her legs. Holly redoubled her efforts trying to trap me between her scissored legs, but I managed to pull them apart enough for my cock to pop out of her snapping pussy.
It was a sight to see as her puffy mound and pinkened slit glistened and ran freely with her essence and my precum. The crown of my cock poked her muff a few times gaining entrance for a few seconds as I reached a fever pitch, finding it a Herculean task to disengage. I'd barely slipped out when I exploded a thick milky rope hitting her slit followed by several others that completely covered her sex and inner thighs.
It felt so good that streams of almost transparent ooze dribbled down the underside of my cock. Holly was propped up on her elbows looking down between her thighs at what I'd done, still flushed, breathing hard. She reached down stroking out the rest from my penis, intermittently tapping it on her frosted mound. I reluctantly pried her hands off, watching her rub my cum into her muff spreading it over her belly as well.
"I'm glad I ran into you tonight Derrick."
"Oh yeah; I really needed this Holly." I admitted, no issues or misplaced bravado left. My cock was still twitching at the sight of her lying there, half raised on her elbows.
"Think, I'm gonna take a nap real quick." Holly started to turn towards her side of the bed taking custody of my wrist.
I willingly followed her pulling the bedding over our bodies as we spooned tightly. My hand ended up trapped in her deep cleavage, her bicep pinning my arm down. It was almost daylight as I fell asleep beside the snoring girl. It was a good sleep, a deep satisfying sleep that washed away some of the hurt and pain I'd experienced taking Jenny Delacruz far away into the darkness.
"¿Por qué eres tan cruel conmigo? Todavía te amo, pero no estoy enamorado de ti Stuart. Tienes que respetarme. Tienes que respetar a nuestro hijo. No me importa que haya firmado mis derechos."
The sunlight filtered into the motel room along with a serious migraine as I found myself looking up at the ceiling noticing a ceiling fan slowly rotating. It was really humid and hot as I glanced over finding Holly's back facing me. She was curled up into a ball with the majority of the bedding wrapped around her body, already awake on her phone. It was in speaker mode and she was having a heated conversation.
"I AINT GOTTA DO SHIT; YOU CAN TAKE ME TO COURT IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT, BITCH!! AND STOP CALLING MY PHONE, MY WIFE TRYING TO SLEEP!!" The voice on the other side of the line was decidedly, a brother, albeit a bit nasally in the voice.
"She's my baby, too."
"WAS YOUR BABY, BITCH!!" He slammed in Holly's face. I could hear her weeping for a long while afterwards. I pondered my next course of action for a few minutes before she turned facing me with a forced smile.
"Sorry about waking you up like that; I have drama in my life."
"Yeah, I heard."
"Derrick uhm, you like me, right?"
"Well isn't it obvious?" Holly shifted in the bed causing it to shake a bit until she was lying on her back beside me. We were both staring up at the ceiling together. She rolled the blankets down to her thighs exposing her nudity.
"Hey Derrick, feel this."
Holly grabbed my hand pressing it down just under her belly button, handling my fingers kind of roughly. I felt a horizontal scar very minute, just across and above her pelvis. She held my hand there in place not saying anything. I let it rest there glancing over at her face in mute query.
"Well, I did say we drove out to the woods that night. I just, kinda felt guilty about everything. Man, I blamed myself and these fucking tits for what happened and how it split us apart. We did it all night and a little bit into the morning just like you and I did today."
"Holly?"
"I did it because I didn't want to end up like my mom; I ain't got no business being a mother so I signed the paper." The sadness in her voice was unmistakable.
"Holly?"
"That shit mean I don't miss her; I love her so much. Why else would I give birth to her anyway, huh Derrick? Stuart mad because we didn't end up together, but he got no right keeping me away from the baby. I just, uhm wanna see her sometimes, is all Derrick." I rolled over draping an arm over her bust.
"Holly?"
"WHAT?!!" She sounded ready to pummel me, pummel anybody honestly.
"Wanna go back across the street and get something to eat?" Her eyes widened as she turned to me softly smiling. Her hand came up, cradling my cheek as we kissed.
I wasn't promising anything, just breakfast.
THE END
**********************
Note: Derrick will return in UNDERCOVER FREAKS Volume 2: "The Butt"
Note: Holly Santos will return in "GAMER GIRL"
Thanks for reading-Please comment and like. I appreciate all the fans of these characters.