AUTHOR'S NOTE AND A WARNING TO READERS: This story is about Zoey, 18, and her older brother Samuel, 21. It's a story about incest, and of new discoveries. By now they have entered a loving relationship, but they still face many hardships. Before reading, PLEASE look at the tags and make sure you're okay with everything you see there. If not, this story likely won't be enjoyable for you! There's also a lot of anal stuff in this story overall, across all chapters, so hopefully you're into that.
It is a work of fiction, and all of the characters in the story are above the age of eighteen.
All of my stories are copyrighted.
I intend to write a new chapter of this story each week. If there's something you'd like to see in a future chapter, please do let me know. I like when readers engage in the process and let their wishes be known. Thank you.
--- SISTERLY SEDUCTION OF SAMUEL - CHAPTER 5 ---
The evening had ended on a really sweet note. Samuel was feeling a bit guilty for being so rough with his younger sister's backside during his moments of passion, but Zoey quickly reassured him that it had been no big deal. They had both gotten something out of it, and the experience had definitely been pleasurable for her, as well. Her anus was a little sore though, but she found the slight ache to be quite appealing, as it constantly reminded her of the day's loving events.
They showered together, and then - after Zoey had carefully dried her hair, and made sure that she looked just about the same as that morning - they completed the "doorbell camera" plan, having her sneak out the backdoor and then pretend to come home through the front. That should hopefully complete the illusion of having been away all day, she hoped, leaving very little time for her to do anything suspicious with her brother!
That, perhaps combined with the gifts that they had bought at the water lantern festival for their parents, would hopefully make their mother a bit less suspicious for a while. It's hard to be wary and disbelieving with your mouth full of fancy chocolates, surely? But both Zoey and Samuel knew they had to be more careful from now on, and that doing perverted things around the house might not be the brightest of ideas.
Still, as Zoey laid in her bed that night - alone, and without Samuel - she thought long and hard about what this meant for them. And how they could continue their loving escapades in peace and quiet. She sighed. Zoey still had the soreness in her little hole, and it stung just the slightest bit as she wiggled in her bed. She touched herself down there with one finger, feeling her warm flesh between her legs. Despite the slight ache she still wanted more.
--- 2 ---
Zoey had woken up rather early again, but the sun was already up and it looked like it was going to be a gorgeous day. She stretched her arms high above her head, while yawning, then swung her feet over the side of the bed. She had slept in her underwear, mint green in color with light pink trimming, which brought out the rosiness of her skin. The panties hugged her shapely hips, thighs, and rear, while highlighting her curves in all the right ways. They were one of her sexiest pairs, she thought. She felt it was more important to be sexy now, more or less at all times, to keep Samuel interested in her. It was a silly thought, because there was so much more to their connection than mere arousal, but still..
They had not made plans for the day. All she knew was that they had promised to try and keep their distance from each other inside the home, even if they were alone. The chances of getting caught in the act was simply too great in the long run, if they'd spend everyday naked with their bodies entwined. Cuddling was okay, and maybe sneaking some kisses if they were sure they weren't being seen, because Zoey and her older brother had always had a close relationship where she'd cling to him most of the time. It wouldn't be too weird to see her sitting on his lap or leaning against his chest while watching TV, as she had often done in the past. But they definitely had to be a little extra careful from now on.
Zoey stepped out of her room, and noticed Samuel's door was still closed. He was likely asleep. A huge part of her wanted to run in there and throw herself into his arms, but she forced herself to walk downstairs, grabbed something to eat, then looked at the weather forecast for the day. Beautiful weather all day long. She once again though about waking Samuel up - maybe with a blowjob? - but it would not be setting a good example to start the very first day after their agreed upon 'no sexual stuff in the house' rule by instantaneously breaking it. Instead, she began working on a new plan. A plan on how they could do naughty things outside of the house, without getting caught!
--- 3 ---
"Good morning, big brother!" Zoey said cheerfully as Samuel came down the stairs, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. He was only wearing a pair of crimson red shorts, and his well-toned upper body was bare. She drank in his sexy visage, from the broad shoulders, across his upper body covered in that manly hair of his, down his chiseled abs, to his well-shaped hips. He looked great in any position and he knew it too. His training routine was clearly working, though Zoey was hoping she would be his main form of 'exercise' now.
"Hey sis.." he smiled at her tiredly. Samuel stumbled over to the coffee machine and poured himself a cup, yawning. It was good to see him relaxed like this again. Not that her brother's mood usually swung drastically or anything - it had simply been quite stressful for the both of them lately.
"So, what do you have planned for today?" Samuel asked casually, but still sounding quite sleepy, while sipping on his brew. "I'm sure you've planned something, right? You always do." She blushed and lowered her gaze, not quite knowing how to answer that.
"Uuhhm.. I was thinking that maybe we could go for a hike?" she asked with a little tilt of her head. He looked at her in confusion. "Weather is supposed to be great.."
"You want to go on a hike? You? On a hike?" He seemed genuinely surprised. "Since when do you like the outdoors? You hate bugs and dirt!" Zoey squirmed slightly, and she couldn't deny that her older brother was correct about her dislike for nature. She didn't dislike being outside, just not too fond of being away from the city, and all the comforts that came with modern civilization.
"But we could walk off the trail, and we'd be all alone out there.." She pointed out, with a sly smile on her face, hoping that she was being subtle enough for him not to realize what she meant. She did not want Samuel to feel pressured to do anything, and like they had to spend every day together doing sexual things, but Zoey could not deny how she longed for him already. For his touch. His kisses. The sensations his large cock would bring to her small body.
"That could be.. Nice, actually.." he mused, clearly on the same page as her. "But.." he looked around, as if to check that nobody was nearby, even though they were home alone. "How's your butt? Isn't it still sore?"
Zoey thought about that for a moment. "Maybe a little, yeah.." she confessed. "But I'll manage. I just.. Want to feel close to you.." Her brother seemed a bit hesitant now. "I'll be okay, I promise.." she said in her sweetest voice. "Just wanna make you happy.."
Samuel looked at her with equal parts adoration and concern. "I'm worried about that. I mean.. I adore that, don't get me wrong, but I'm worried you want to please me so badly that you'll push yourself too far. I got a little carried away yesterday, after all.." He seemed slightly ashamed of how rough he had been with her tiny little butt, and it was quite endearing. Zoey felt warmth fill her up, and it spread throughout her body as she looked at him with big, doe-like eyes.
"Don't be worried, Sam! I love it when you're rough with me. You have nothing to apologize for." she assured him. "And besides.. It is kind of YOUR butt now, isn't it? To treat any way you please.."she added, in what she hoped was a suggestive tone of voice. Zoey's heart was beating faster now, just thinking about how her little orifice belonged to him, like it was part of his property. It turned her on so much to think about it like that. That he owned it. That it belonged to him.
"That's.. One of the cutest things I've ever heard, but.." He smiled, but the concern didn't leave his eyes. "I think I just need to learn how to pace myself better, and not get so carried away. It's like you bring out my inner animal or something.." Zoey blushed at the compliment, because that's how she choose to take it. It made her feel very good inside.
"Animal, huh?" She liked that idea. He was definitely an animal in bed. A strong and fierce beast that needed to claim her, conquer her with his cock. But at the same time, he was also the man she had always wanted him to be. Considerate, caring, protective, but also firm and confident in his masculinity. And she appreciated that he could be both very dominant and aggressive in his approach - yet at the same time gentle and loving, as well. It was the best of both worlds.
His phone buzzed, in the pocket of his shorts. He looked at the display and groaned, rubbing his forehead with the palm of his hand. "Miranda keeps texting me.." he said. "She really wants to talk."
Miranda! That witch! Zoey thought she was an eliminated threat, no longer a part of Samuel's life. It seemed her assumptions were way off. "Oh.." Zoey mumbled, trying not to sound disappointed. It was silly of her to be jealous, because she had won. Right? "Uhm.. Why don't you tell her you have a new girlfriend?" she asked, and tilted her head a little. Samuel sighed heavily before answering.
"I thought that if I just ignored her, she would stop trying to get in touch." He sighed. "And if I tell her I have a new girlfriend, mere days after I broke up with her, I.." He paused, trying to find the right words. "I don't want to hurt her unnecessarily."
Okay, now Zoey was jealous. Samuel was sweet and caring, but she didn't want him to be that way towards Miranda. That was her competition! "So.. What are you going to do?" she asked, feeling a bit unsettled. She began to fidget a bit with her hair.
"I don't know.." he muttered. "For the moment I'm just going to try and ignore her." Her brother was being honest, Zoey could tell. "I'm actually worried that if I tell her I have a new girlfriend, she'll put two and two together. That we're.. You know, together, you and I. And that she'll have a reason to get revenge on you.. On us.." He gave Zoey an apologetic look, which made her frown.
"Maybe.." she admitted. It was a serious possibility. Would she then call and inform their parents? Make a big deal about it on social media? Get Samuel and herself in trouble? Of course, she would have no proof, but bringing attention to the possibility wasn't to their benefit at all. Still, she couldn't help but to feel sort of jealous.
Samuel smiled at her, gently, as if he could sense it. He walked up to his sister and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand. "I'm with you now, sis.. I love you so much, you know that, right?" Zoey smiled widely, and nodded. She had been longing for those words from her older brother - it was the reassurance she craved. "You're the most important person to me.." he added, which made her feel very loved indeed.
Zoey reached up to give him a kiss, but she hesitated. Should they risk it, even here? She thought of his lips pressing down onto hers, and their tongues twisting around each other in a deep, passionate kiss. It seemed that her brother sensed her hesitation, because he whispered:
"We have to be more careful about this, sis.. You're right." But then he did it anyways. His warm lips covered hers in an intense yet tender kiss, while his hands moved around her back, hugging her close. Zoey felt all tingly, and let out a soft moan into her big brother's mouth. After they broke the kiss, Zoey nuzzled her face into his manly chest as he held her. She loved the way the hairs tickled her face, and she felt instantly reminded about what he had said about his inner animal.
"Oh my.. I better go finish getting dressed.." Samuel said, a hint of arousal in his voice, releasing her from his embrace. "Let's head out soon then, okay? Let's see how long you can last on a hike before you beg me to take you back home!" He grinned. She stuck her tongue out at him, then he turned away and went to his room.
--- 4 ---
They took the bus to the hiking trail, leading up into the mountains, covered in fresh green vegetation and woodlands. It wasn't particularly steep, but it was a long way to the top, and the climb was fairly slow going. There was no plans on making it all the way to the top, though - they would just go as far as they wanted, and then turn back around. They had brought water and sandwiches, and Zoey felt very proud of herself for being outside in the woods with her big brother. Even if she didn't like nature too much, she had to admit that it did have its advantages, and that it felt rather peaceful.
"This isn't as bad as I thought it'd be!" she said, while walking beside him. Her brother smiled at her, but then gave a very teasing look.
"We're just getting started, sis.. We'll see how much you'll complain on the way back. Or when a bug lands on your face." She couldn't help but smile at him. "You think you can handle that? Being bitten by insects?" He was obviously trying to rile her up. Zoey hated bugs. There was nothing she was more afraid of!
"Uuh.. Let's not think about that, okay?" she said, sounding a bit squeaky. She had made sure to wear pants today, so that nothing could easily crawl up onto her legs, and a nice sweater over her blouse that wouldn't catch on thorns or branches, which she considered a small victory against the wildlife. It was a bit too warm, though - especially with the sun so fiercely shining down on them. Samuel was wearing a black shirt, with the sleeves rolled up, showing off his toned forearms. The shirt clung to him tightly in all the right places, and Zoey kept sneaking glances at him constantly.
All around them were green grass and beautiful flowers, birds chirping in the trees, and the sound of leaves rustling in the gentle wind. It was the perfect kind of scenery for making love with your older brother. Zoey's mind immediately filled with memories of what they had done yesterday, which in turn made her cheeks flush red, and caused her legs to feel a bit wobbly.
"You're staring at me again, sis.." he said, while smiling at her with those near-perfect teeth of his on full display. She didn't respond. They just kept walking in silence for a bit longer.
Eventually, Zoey broke the silence. "Sam..?" She looked over at him.
"Mhm?" He seemed to be enjoying the hike, or maybe he was just good at hiding it. His face looked peaceful and relaxed, and his breathing was not nearly as laboured as hers.
"Can I ask you something?" she asked carefully. Her older brother gave her a confused look. "I mean, yesterday, when we were in bed together, what was going through your mind when you..?" Her face turned red again. Zoey felt awkward about even asking the question.
"Oh.." he answered after thinking for a moment. "I don't know, to be honest.." Another pause. "I suppose there is a tiny bit of guilt there. Because of how forbidden our relationship is. But mostly I just feel your love for me, and it.. It's the best feeling in the world. So I try not to think too much, and just live in the moment." He looked into her eyes while saying that. "How about you? What are you thinking when we are together like that?"
She spotted an ugly looking bug on the ground, and made a little jump over it with a scrunched up face, before responding. But that was an easy question for her to answer. Zoey immediately thought back to the things he had done to her yesterday, all the little touches, kisses, and the way he had taken complete control over her body. And her mind. And soul. All the way down into her heart.
"I just love you, Sam.." she whispered. "And I want to do whatever you want me to do, because I love it when you're in control like that.. And because you always make me happy.." Her older brother looked at her with those tender eyes again. Those eyes which made her feel so loved, and at the same time so wanted.
"Thank you, sis. That means a lot to me." He moved in closer to her, and placed a soft kiss on her forehead. "I'm really glad we took the step to show our true feelings for one another, no matter how scary it may be." Zoey smiled at him. "I can't imagine not being with you anymore." He gave her a brief hug. It was like she was melting, hearing him talk like this. It was all she had ever wanted.
They continued along the hiking trail, until they reached a point where the path started to go uphill at a much steeper rate. There was also less green, and more brown and red in the surroundings. The foliage was still there, but the weather and nature were taking back control over the land, as if any human presence there had simply been a temporary blip in the greater scheme of things.
"You want to try to get all the way to the top?" Samuel asked. "It could take several hours." Zoey didn't respond right away. She felt her body protest at the mere thought of that hike, even with Samuel by her side. "Maybe we can just keep going until we get too tired.." he suggested.
"I think we should turn around.." she admitted after a long pause. Her legs were hurting already, and she did not like how difficult it was to breathe. Or to think. Zoey let out a deep sigh. "I tried to be strong but I'm already beat!" Samuel smiled at her again.
"Good for you, sis. You really held up your end of the bargain today! You lasted almost a full hour!" He walked past her, continuing along the path they had just come from, while looking over his shoulder at her. "That's longer than I expected! Come on, let's head back." He sounded amused, yet very encouraging at the same time.
"W-Wait.." she pleaded. "Why don't we.. You know.. Find a nice place to sit down? Eat some food? Make out?" she gave him her best pouting face, which made him laugh.
"Okay. Away from the trail then, I take it?" he asked, but it was more like a statement. Zoey smiled and nodded.
They searched for a while, and found a nice place under a tall tree, with enough shade and soft grass beneath it to sit and rest, away from the trail. It also provided a view towards the base of the mountain, where the green shrubs were slowly changing back into the woodlands again. The sky was bright blue, without a single cloud in sight. They sat down beside each other, ate a sandwich each, and then Samuel opened the third water bottle already. Hydration is important! The both of them were drenched in sweat, and Zoey had already put her sweater away into the backpack they brought. Her shirt clung to her skin uncomfortably in places, as well.
"How come you're not more tired!?" Zoey complained. Her brother had the audacity to laugh at her. "It's not funny!" she said with a grumpy look, but that just made him laugh harder. She shoved him gently.
"Because unlike you, I do not sit around on my bottom all day!" He moved closer and wrapped his arms around her. "I also go outside, and even get some exercise once in a while, instead of being glued to my phone or video games." Samuel continued teasing her. Zoey puffed out her cheeks.
"Fine! So you're a fitness nut now, huh?" She poked his abs hard, while keeping an annoyed look on her face. "And I'm just a fat-ass?"
"Well, you do have a fat ass.." Samuel mused, and she shoved him again, while laughing at his joke.
"You jerk! You know that's not what I meant!" she exclaimed, but the way he looked at her, with his usual naughty smile on his face, made it very hard for her to stay mad at him. He was so perfect like this. All of him. "B-But you do like the shape of my butt, right?" Zoey asked carefully. Samuel leaned back against the big tree, smiling.
"Of course I do. It's part of who you are. I love every little bit of it." The way he said it made her heart skip a beat. He then took her by the hand, bringing it to his face, and placed a little kiss on it. It felt kind of romantic, but then he ruined that by saying "Plus, I love the way it just accepts my cock.."
"Sam!" she exclaimed, slapping him gently on his arm. He looked amused and unaffected by her hit, but she was blushing a little bit. Maybe she didn't want to admit it right now, but she loved that too. That she, including her butt, just couldn't say no to him.
"Let me inspect the damage back there.." he said after a few moments of silence. They were alone, no-one else around. Zoey was feeling a little nervous at the thought of letting him see her naked body. Again! But she really did want him to look at her, and touch her, and maybe even explore her insides more. So she turned around slowly, getting down on all fours in the wild grass, without much hesitation at all.
"So.. Have you changed your mind about my pussy?" she tried to ask playfully, but it came out serious. Samuel gave her a little slap on her behind, then gently pulled her pants down a bit, and moved away the fabric that covered her openings. Her round peach was exposed to the world now, and she shivered as she felt the cool breeze on her warm flesh. Her clothes were pooled around her lower thighs.
"Do we have to talk about that now..?" Sam said quietly, with his face only inches away from her. Zoey thought he sounded a little bit nervous. He ran one finger up and down her buttcrack, which made her feel hot and tingly inside.
"I guess not.." Zoey bit her lower lip. "B-But.. You know.. We could pick up some condoms on the way home?" she asked hopefully, her voice very suggestive. Samuel was silent for a long time, just staring at her tiny rosebud. Zoey felt herself growing very wet, being exposed to him like this. She felt his breath on her skin.
"Zoey, I.." Samuel was having difficulty finding the right words. He swallowed audibly. "I really prefer your butt.." he said eventually. His fingers kept moving over her skin, from the top of her ass all the way down, spreading her cheeks, digging his fingertips into the fleshy bits. Then he slapped it again, although very gently. "I love fucking your ass, sis.. It's so cute.. Nothing turns me on more. It doesn't look very sore, by the way! But maybe we should still let it rest for the day.."
"I see.." Zoey mumbled. She didn't know exactly how to process that. Part of her felt kind of disappointed, but also happy that she could arouse her older brother so much. It was an odd combination of emotions. She wanted him to feel good, and she loved it too, so.. She wasn't that sad.
"Your pussy is just perfect too, though.." Sam added, his voice getting lower. "It's so beautiful. You're so sexy, sis. So hot. So sweet. And you're mine, Zoey. My little sister, and my girlfriend. All mine." The way he said those words, with such desire and longing in his voice, sent shivers all over her body. He was her big brother, but he was also her lover, boyfriend, and her world. Her lower region was aching for his touch now, so she wiggled her ass a little bit in the hope of encouraging him to keep touching her.
"I'm sorry if you think that's weird, Zoey.." He sighed. But then he started kissing her butt cheeks, and it sent a shiver through her entire body.
"W-Wait, I'm so sweaty.." she said, feeling guilty that her body would make it difficult for him to enjoy his exploration. Samuel continued regardless, kissing her repeatedly all across her behind, then letting his tongue travel across her backside, all the way down her round peachy cheeks. She let out a soft gasp. It felt so dirty, so forbidden, but so right as well. He was kissing her in such a naughty place! Zoey's body tensed up.
"Your little butt entrance is just adorable.. It does look a tiny bit puffy, though. I think I need to kiss it, to make it better!" Samuel stated, before burying his face between her ass cheeks. He let his tongue run all over her tender flesh, exploring every last inch of it. Zoey let out a moan, and started squirming in place. His tongue felt ticklish there, but he was being so gentle with her tiny opening that she couldn't help but to enjoy it too. A lot.
"Y-You really like my butt that much?" she asked with an unsteady breath. Her pussy was tingling, but the need to get it touched was nothing compared to the overwhelming desire to please her brother. He paused for a second.
"Oh sis.. I absolutely love it.." he answered, his voice almost inaudible. His lips caressed her anus gently. "Please let me keep playing with it forever.." The way he said those words was full of desire. Zoey felt tingly inside. And he rarely asked her for anything - especially not with a 'please' thrown in.
"Of course.. Whatever you want.." she said gleefully, feeling very excited now. And she really meant that. Her brother's anal addiction was a bit odd to her, but she was eager to please him. She wondered if he'd only use her butt for the rest of his life, leaving her a virgin forever? Would her pussy never get penetrated? She was surprised at her own reaction to the thought. That was so kinky that it was.. Turning her on!? The idea of being his anal sex slave made her feel warm and fluttery inside. Zoey was really losing her mind! It must be the kisses and the licking, she thought.
With his tongue exploring every bit of her ass, and Zoey softly moaning, they suddenly heard a branch snap! They froze for a second, not knowing what was happening. The sound hadn't come from near them, at least. She immediately got scared. They couldn't get caught here like this! Her heart was beating very fast. What should she do? They had to hide!
Samuel, who had been lost in a lustful daze of ass-eating, suddenly got up quickly, while Zoey hastily pulled up her pants. They sat back down by the tree, and stared towards the direction of the sound, the both of them with fear plastered across their faces, looking guilty as heck.
The leaves rustled loudly and.. A deer stepped out. It was a beautiful doe, looking majestic as she stood there, in all her glory. She had big ears, and was hickory brown with lighter tones on her underside and legs, and covered in small white dots. She lifted her head, her eyes locked on the two humans. She didn't seem to be afraid. At all. Maybe because they were keeping so still.
Zoey felt her heart melt, and she started smiling at the beautiful creature. Her smile was returned with the soft eyes of a graceful beast. After a long silence, the doe turned and disappeared into the woodlands. The siblings could not stop staring into the trees until she was gone completely.
"Wow.." Samuel said. "That was the second best thing I've seen all day.." he continued. Zoey smiled widely. He then pulled her in for an embrace. It felt like they had experienced something quite beautiful together. He took a deep breath. "Listen, Zoey.. If it's important to you that we.. That I.. Explore your pussy too, then let's get some condoms on the way back like you suggested." Her heart leapt.
"R-Really? You would do that for me?"
"Yeah, of course.. I want you to be happy," he admitted, in his most loving tone of voice. "You mean a lot to me.." Samuel placed a soft kiss on her cheek, and tightened his hold around her.
"Mmmmh.." Zoey nuzzled her face into his chest. "That's very sweet of you.." she started, feeling truly appreciative of her brother's love and affection. "But.. Wouldn't it be kind of hot if.. If I stayed a virgin forever and you only used my bottom?" Her voice was barely a whisper and she could scarcely believe her own words. It felt so sexy to say it. So naughty, but so right at the same time. It was a little humiliating, to be sure, but very erotic. And she sensed it was what her brother wanted.
"That is very kinky.." he said quietly. "Very kinky.." He sounded more turned on than she had ever heard him sound before. Zoey could tell. "Forever, you say? That's.. Pretty extreme too.." Zoey bit her lower lip, and then grinned in victory. Samuel seemed to contemplate it for a long time, looking into the distance. "I mean.. Oh God, I don't even know how to answer that.." he admitted.
"You'd like that, huh..?" She said teasingly, drawing little circles on his neck with one of her fingertips. "Your little sister, abandoning her pussy forever to be your little anal slave..?" She whispered it into his ear, her voice seductive but quivering, but his response was immediate. He moaned very audibly, and looked surprised by his own reaction, making sure not to make a sound afterwards - but clearly enjoying the mental image of the scenario she had described. She couldn't believe how turned on he looked. It was as if her words alone would bring him to a climax.
"Oh my.. How does that make you feel, Sam?" she asked innocently. "Does that turn you on? The thought of me doing that for you..?"
"It does.." he admitted quietly. "More than anything." His voice sounded hoarse. "I don't think I can ever stop being obsessed with your butt, Zoey.." His breathing was labored. She noticed the huge bulge in the front of his pants, which made her own sex tingle and twitch in anticipation.
Zoey kissed him softly, on the neck, the lips, the cheek. Her fingers explored the soft hair on the back of his neck. It felt good. They just held each other like this for a while, feeling each other's warmth, while the kisses and cuddles continued. She wanted to take things further, and so did he, but he seemed to be so stunned by what she had suggested that he had lost his usual dominant demeanor temporarily.
"Let me help you with this.." Zoey said, and rubbed his crotch. She unzipped his pants, freed his aching cock from its prison of clothing, and then - under a tree, in the middle of the woods, half-way up the mountain side, with wildlife around - she put his throbbing spear into her mouth, and began to gently suck on it. Her big brother's manliness was hot, and delicious, and hard as forged steel. Her saliva quickly covered it. He let out a loud groan. She continued her work, licking it, sucking it, taking it as deep as possible without gagging. She still wasn't the best at this, but she was a quick learner. She even placed a couple of kisses on his balls, even though they were hairy, which tickled her nose.
"Sis.. That feels so fucking good.." he whispered, while his fingers twirled around in her long hair. She kept working his rod for a while longer, and then looked up into his eyes. Zoey gave him a mischievous smile, making sure to keep eye contact with him while she let her tongue dance across his tip. He looked as if he was in heaven, and Zoey felt her own heartbeat beat like a drum in her ears. She was crazy aroused herself, seeing the effect she managed to have on her older brother.
Without even thinking about it, she pulled her own pants back down a bit, and began to touch herself as she kept sucking. But she didn't play with her pussy. Her hands were aiming straight for her anus. It was then that she realized that she had not masturbated at all since her naughty adventures with her brother had begun. She had not felt the need to.
Zoey moaned into her brother's cock as she pressed a finger into herself. She kept licking, and sucking on his manhood, trying to give him as much pleasure as she could. Sam shifted his position, reaching out with one hand so he could caress her naked buttcheek gently. The other he kept in her hair, and gripped onto it firmly. His cock hardened more as he did, and he began thrusting his hips slowly upwards.
"Are you playing with your butt by yourself..?" he asked, while looking down at her intently, making her blush. She couldn't answer him, because her mouth was currently occupied with his dick. So she nodded slightly, with his tip in her mouth. "That is so fucking hot.." He continued to thrust slowly, in and out of her wet cavern. "I'm getting really close, sis.."
"Mmmmhhhmmm.." She moaned loudly, with his cock buried deep inside her mouth. His hands were moving all around her body now, groping, stroking, touching every inch of her. He seemed unable to sit still. She could feel his balls tense up as she fondled them with her unoccupied hand, the other still sliding a finger in and out of her behind.
"I'm going to cum.." Samuel almost hissed through gritted teeth. "I love yooou.." He let out a soft moan, and his whole body shuddered. Zoey quickly pulled him out of her mouth, aiming his cock towards her face. It twitched and jerked as he shot his semen onto her cheeks, face, hair - it was like a wild beast spraying his seed into the air! Zoey looked at him as he climaxed, her face full of his love-juices, her finger still thrusting into her own butthole.
"Ohh.. Wow, Sam.. It's so hot, your cum is everywhere on me.." she said, and she meant it. The feel of his warm sticky fluid all over her body only made her even hornier. She felt as if she would explode! Samuel kept holding onto her hair, though it seemed more as an attempt to keep himself steady, while leaning against the tree behind him. She lapped out the juices that kept leaking out of him, and played with it in her mouth for a proper taste.
"I'm sorry.." he mumbled after a while.. "I came all over you.."
Zoey sat up, and stuck the finger that she had been using to pleasure her butt with into her mouth seductively, making sure that he was looking. His eyes went wide and a smile spread across his face. "I wanted you to.." she said after a while, with her voice quivering. She pushed some of the semen splattered across her face into her mouth, to clean herself up a little bit, but there really was a lot of it, and some had gotten in her hair and on her clothes. And yet, as embarrassing as that was going to be on the way back home, she felt immensely satisfied. It was as if she could take pleasure in pleasing Samuel - as if his pleasure was hers as well. She felt so connected to him. So in love.
Eventually, they pulled themselves together, and found some napkins in the backpack. Samuel did his best to clean his little sister up a little bit. Some evidence of their naughty experience was not easily erased, however, and she hoped that nobody would notice. "I'll put the sweater back on when we get closer to town.." she said shyly. "Hide the stains underneath it.."
"Good idea.." Samuel seemed so happy. It made her heart beat faster. "That really was one of the hottest things I've ever experienced.." She loved hearing that.
Eventually, they set course back down the hiking trail, hand in hand, sending love looks to each other and smiling. Zoey felt like she was in heaven, with her big brother by her side. Eventually, he asked her:
"Did you really mean what you said earlier, or was that just.. In the heat of passion?" He sounded curious.
She giggled. "Which part?" She knew exactly what he meant, but she wanted to hear him say it.
"About.. You know.. The anal-only-virgin-forever-thing?"
She stopped and looked into his eyes. "Uh-Huh. I meant it." Her cheeks were bright red but the look on his face was so full of love and arousal that Zoey felt extremely giddy inside. All her life, she had wanted to be able to turn him on. To please him. To be irresistable to him. And whilst she had managed to excite him before, this seemed to be on a whole other level. It felt like she had discovered his ultimate secret fantasy, and it seemed she was holding the key to unlocking it. It filled her with warmth. She would do anything to fulfill her older brother's deepest desires.
"Oh my God.." He smiled broadly, his face covered in a slight blush as well. "Okay then.. Let's try it! I won't be mad at you if you change your mind later though" he continued. Zoey knew that was true - he would still accept her for who she was. That was a comforting thought.
It made her feel good knowing that, and she could tell that it made him happy too. It was very special to him that she would do this for him. "Thank you for saying that, Sam.." she beamed at him. "Probably won't though. Change my mind, I mean. It feels like I was made for you, and I would do anything to be the best possible girlfriend.."
He squeezed her hand tightly, and the two kept walking along the trail, their hearts full of love and happiness. "Thank you.." he said after a long while. Zoey didn't respond. Not verbally. She just smiled, and dreamed of what their future together would look like.
--- END OF CHAPTER 5 ---
Thank you for reading. It seemed that most of the readers of the previous chapter was really preferring the anal aspect, so I leaned into it quite heavily here. If I went too far with it, please do let me know. Reversing this decision could make for an interesting plot point, after all. I also hope that the anonymous commenter is pleased with Samuel's chest hair! It is now canon!
What would you like to see next? I take the story in a direction heavily influenced by you - the reader. Should Miranda show up at their doorstep? Should their mother notice the stains on Zoey's clothes? Do things still need to get dirtier? I'm tempted to write a scene with light bondage, but time will tell. Open to just about any suggestions, and there will be no kink-shaming from me, so go wild in the comments!
Also, please don't forget to leave a rating if you enjoyed this chapter, and I'd love some constructive criticism if you didn't. Thank you!