A story in two parts; the first part is fact, and the second is fiction.
***
I'd been married for some years, and during that time I'd introduced my wife to pornography, and taught her to be a slut for me.
After a time, I'd started taking porn photos of my wife Margie, and eventually started showing them to my friends and the guys at work. All was well, but then, due to my slip up, Margie found out and not only went wild about it, but the little slut deleted nearly everything that I had.
I'd thought that she was happy to be a slut, but obviously I was wrong, however I decided to make her a web-slut instead.
I'd always chatted with guys on the sex sites, but now I started freely showing the remaining porn photos of Margie. It wasn't long before one guy asked whether I'd mind if he put up a gallery of my wife's photos for everyone to see. I thought about it for a few minutes; there was some risk in doing that sort of thing, but fuck, it would be so exciting. I gave him the go ahead, and some minutes later Margie's photos were out there for everyone to see.
The guy obviously told his friends about this, because straight away a couple of them asked if they too could expose my wife. I was so turned on that I didn't hesitate to say yes, and soon there were the three separate galleries, and within a few days she'd had a total of over 3,000 views.
Well you've heard of the expression: "Once exposed, always exposed" along with the words on the Exposure Manifesto, detailing how once posted, other guys copy and repost, and so the target slut's photos are eventually spread all over the net - well, Margie's photos, once posted, proved the veracity of those sayings, although at that stage her pics were mainly confined to just the one site.
End of Part 1 which is factual. The next part is completely fiction so far.
=====================
It was then that I came up with the idea of writing about how my wife had become something of an internet-slut, and posting it on a story site in the hope that more men would contact me and ask for her photos, so that they too, could post her pics everywhere on the net.
I sat down and wrote my story, both the true and the fictional parts, then sent it off for publication. There was a short delay before the story appeared on line, and as soon as it did, I began receiving requests for Margie's photos.
I was so nervous about doing it, but any hesitation on my part was overridden by the tremendous excitement that I was feeling. I sent photos off to the dozens of men who asked for them. My email immediately doubled, with more guys asking for the photos, as well as the guys who had already been supplied, writing back giving me either links or screen shots of where they'd posted my wife's pics.
Soon the pics were posted on some thirty or more sites, and I'd lost count of the number of guys exposing her - something over fifty guys.
It took a couple of months, but then someone local had recognized Margie's photos on the net, and of course had started telling his friends. Soon nearly everyone in town, or so it seemed, knew about her and had viewed her porn photos.
The first Margie knew that something was going on, was when guys, complete strangers, would grin leeringly at her, with some even calling her a slut and addressing her by name.
She was used to her husband calling her a slut when he got really horny, and so she didn't take it amiss when these strangers addressed her that way, in fact she went home feeling really sexy. On these occasions her cunt was always juicy and she found that a nicely shaped cosmetics bottle helped her out, although she wished that it had been any one of those men that was fucking her.
Of course it was then no time at all before some bolder guys asked her straight out for a fuck, or a blow job, and then it all came out what was going on with her photos and the fact that she was advertised world wide as a harlot and a slut.
Well something had to give, and what gave was Margie, she gave freely so that soon she was being fucked two, three, four times a day by different guys. Word flew around like wild fire that she was an easy fuck, and more and more guys wanted their share. What was going on couldn't be hidden from her husband, and so it all came out into the open and he accepted what had become of his wife.
"I'm going to a party tonight," Margie told him one night.
He watched her taking great pains with her make up, and her sluttish mode of dress, then kissed her goodnight as she went out of the door to the car that had arrived and tooted for her.
Two days later she returned home, disheveled and tired looking, but so very, very happy. "What a party," she exclaimed to her husband, "it turned out that I was the only woman, and there were about fifty guys."
Life for them was never to be the same from that time onwards.