I knew I wouldn't get much work done when Amanda visited me in my studio with her best friend Astrid.
I rent a top floor loft studio in an old converted factory in the suburbs of London. The building has been creatively divided into a number of units which are used mostly as art studios and small offices, plus a café-bar on the ground floor, with seating in the courtyard. From my window I can see the open courtyard below and the units opposite: if I choose I can gaze into windows and see what people are up to (this of course means they can see me too). Whenever Amanda visits I wonder if I should have blinds, but she doesn't care, so I guess why should I?
My studio also has access to a small roof space, accessible from the fire escape. We're not supposed to go up there, but of course we do, particularly when it's sunny and warm, as it was last time the girls came. My affair with Amanda had been going for a while. Sometimes I called her to see whether she is free for a discreet liaison (I mean sex, of course); sometimes she messages me to hook up, when she is otherwise unoccupied or especially horny, I guess. But any booty call from this hot chick is always welcome. Especially when she brings her really naughty friend Astrid. (See my tales of her vacation!).
So there I was trying to concentrate on writing an article when my phone pinged a text: "Hi, can I cum 2 visit? And bring u a surprise?" I knew who it was and could not resist. And within an hour they were with me, having crossed the courtyard and no doubt turned heads with their short skirts and lusciously flowing long hair, then walked up the stairs to my studio door. I opened to let them in.
Amanda, bright smile on her pretty face, framed with golden blonde hair, stepped forward and kissed me on the lips. She stepped aside and Astrid came up to me, a cheeky grin on her cute face, then kissed me on both cheeks. We had met before but not yet been, er, intimate - which was about to change!
'So is this your surprise?' I asked Amanda, indicating the babe by her side.
'Yep,' Amanda grinned, 'You know Astrid, my partner in crime.'
'Indeed. Welcome both of you. Very nice to have you.' They grinned at the unintentional pun - they must have already decided to seduce me.
I knew I would not get any more work done so I offered them a drink, a cold beer from the fridge in my studio. Amanda was wearing a tight-fitting white vest and evidently no bra, plus a short red skirt. With her slim figure, long blonde hair and this outfit I had no doubt she would stop traffic. Astrid was in a skimpy off-white summer dress that floated around her thighs as she moved, and her mid-length wavy brunette locks cascaded around her breasts as she approached me to take the bottle.
'Can we go up to the roof?' asked Amanda.
'Sure,' I replied. 'Good idea.' It was hot and sunny and made sense to use the private outdoor space I had.
I gestured for them to go ahead, through my door and up the stairway to the emergency exit to the roof. Amanda went first and as she started climbing the stairs I caught a glimpse of her white panties and the delightful curve of her athletic lower buttocks. Astrid followed, her dress dancing with her hip movements and revealing to me that she had only a thong between her splendid pert buttocks. I was already hard and grinned to myself as I followed them up.
We closed the door behind us as we emerged onto the small terrace. Although it was open on all sides, there was a low parapet wall around it and we were not overlooked, though I knew these chicks wouldn't mind being seen. I kept a small wicker couch up there and they both kicked off their shows and went straight for it. They placed themselves on the plump cushions, giving me a lot of leg-show as they sat. I perched on a mat opposite, facing them. Amanda looked over at me and grinned, then crossed her legs, knowingly giving me a brief glimpse of her familiar crotch, covered only by a tiny white triangle of material I suspected was already moist, knowing her as I did. Astrid curled her legs underneath her and lifted the bottom of the dress up to her upper thighs, thereby showing off most of her smooth tanned legs.
I was wearing shorts, boxers and a light summer shirt, also barefoot. We raised our bottles to toast the hot summer day and started chatting.
'Do you think we're overdressed, Jon?' asked Amanda, grinning.
'Well,' I responded, 'seeing as you are both only wearing a couple of items of clothing I would say not... unless you feel like that's too much?'
'How do you know we're wearing knickers? Did you take a peek, you naughty boy?' Amanda gave me a seductive look and whispered something to Astrid.
I was busted. But knew they didn't care. They were unashamed exhibitionists, these two hot young women and they must have known I would see their upskirt antics.
'What about you?' asked Astrid. 'Are you wearing underwear? Amanda says you go commando.' The girls giggled and I noticed Amanda put her hand on Astrid's knee as they both looked at me, waiting for my response.
'Yes I am,' I admitted. 'But if you think I'm the one who's overdressed I'll be happy to rectify the situation for two such delightful young ladies.'
'Tell you what,' said Amanda. 'If we guess what colour they are you have to get 'em off!' She laughed. We both knew this was cheating as I always wore black boxers and she had removed them many times.
'OK,' I nodded to Astrid. 'You guess first.'
'Er, white?' said Astrid.
'I doubt it,' responded Amanda. 'I'm thinking... black?' she said, with a wicked grin.
I made no response, but stood up and moved a step closer to them. They leaned forward on the couch. I undid the buttons of my shirt so that it would not hang over my waist. I grinned and reached down to unbutton the fly of my shorts, then edged them half-way down.
'I knew it!' cried Amanda gleefully. 'Black. Now get them off!' I grinned, pulled down the shorts and stepped out of them. My now semi-erect cock strained against the black boxers. Then Amanda started chanting, and Astrid joined in: "Off! Off! Off"... And so I tucked my fingertips into the waistband at either side and started sliding them downwards. My cock strained against the material and resisted as it pulled them down over myself, knowing it would spring out any moment. I made it last, to tease them, but soon the tip was visible as the waistband was peeled down further - and then I pulled them down and my erection tumbled out and hung down between my legs, bouncing slightly. The girls giggled.
'Now we feel overdressed,' stated Amanda. Then she stood up, turned to face away from me, leaned over the couch and reached behind to lift her skirt and expose her backside, then began to pull her panties down. She wiggled her hips as she peeled off the flimsy cotton, revealing her superbly shaped athletic buttocks and the hairless pink hole, then fleshy pussy lips, which I imagined were already glistening with her juices. She stood up and stepped out of the underwear, then threw it over at me. I caught the moist wet knickers and made a show of sniffing them and smiling. They laughed again.
'My turn,' said Astrid. She stood up, facing me, used one hand to lift the bottom of her dress as the other slid down into the tiny triangle of her thong. She expertly peeled it down while sliding her fingertips across her pussy lips, exposing her shaven mound to me as I stared with delight. As I watched, she lifted her finger to her mouth and licked it seductively, making my cock throb again. Then Astrid threw her thong over to me and I pretended to lick the crotch to taste her - in fact it did smell and taste of her juicy young body. I knew now this was going to get messy.
'Let's see if we can make him harder,' said Amanda. 'Stand up, Jon, come closer, and watch this!' I obeyed and stood naked in front of the two young women, my cock dangling like a third leg. Amanda turned to Astrid, caressed the hair from her face, then kissed her friend full on the mouth. I love to see women kissing and these two were so erotic that I immediately grew another inch. Next Amanda reached to Astrid's shoulder and peeled the thin straps of the flimsy dress down to reveal the pert breasts. I gasped as I watched Amanda begin to kiss and caress them, causing Astrid to moan gently. Soon the young girl's nipples were erect and her soft breasts stood proudly.
Then Astrid suddenly lifted off Amanda's vest, just pulling it up with one quick motion over her friend's head, exposing Amanda's fine chest and pink nipples, already semi-erect. Astrid's lips soon made them hard and Amanda began to moan. My cock was now almost horizontal and fully hard.
Both girls then stood up and faced me, looking down at my body's response to their kissing, grinning. Without another word, they continued undressing. Astrid peeled her dress down her body, wiggled out of it, then stood nude, her slim young body facing me. Amanda undid the zip at the side of her skirt and let it fall to the ground, stepped out of it and came a little closer to me. I could see her bare pussy glistening wet, knowing she got very turned on by exposing herself.
So now we were all nude, in the sun, on my private roof terrace. Two horny young women and their lover, ready for anything. I just didn't know what to do next - but luckily Amanda took the lead.
She knelt down between me and Astrid, and positioned herself between her friend's legs. Astrid knew what was going to happen and parted her legs in anticipation. Amanda began kissing her friend's inner thighs, tummy and around the edge of her intimate zone. I knew she liked the taste and smell of other girls and I was happy to watch, at least for now. Amanda stuck out her tongue and slid it up and down and around her friend's pussy lips. Astrid moaned out loud as the tongue slid inside and flicked over her clit a few times. Then Amanda, her mouth remaining open, stood up and came close to me. Tongue out, she kissed me to give me a taste of her little friend's juices, which were sweet and warm on my eager tongue. My cock was springing up and down now.
Then Amanda knelt down in a doggy position, facing away from her friend. It was an unspoken invitation that was eagerly accepted: Astrid went down between her friend's ass cheeks and keenly licked and kissed Amanda's soft flesh and wet pussy. As I watched, I even saw Astrid's little pink tongue, wet with pussy juices, rimming her friend, who moaned again and thrust her rear upwards for more.
Moments later, Amanda stood up, whispered to her friend, then they both went back to the sofa and climbed onto it, on their knees, their rears facing me, legs spread. I needed no further invitation. I came in close and caressed both pairs of cheeks, and moved my face in close to smell their cunts and lick them quickly, but I knew Amanda wanted me to fuck them both now.
I positioned myself between Amanda's legs, pushing my cock against her wet pussy, its head sliding easily across the widening lips. Almost immediately I slid inside and she gasped out loud as I went deep into her. I thrust a few times, pushing deeper and harder into my young lover. After a few thrusts I pulled out, my cock well lubricated by Amanda's honey juices, then positioned myself at Astrid's willing opening. She reached back with one hand and used her slim fingers to open her pussy lips for me, as if to indicate that I had permission. And so I entered Astrid, slowly and gently, spreading her open with my throbbing member, feeding it into her young body. She sighed as I went slowly deeper, then moaned loudly as I began to thrust. She felt so good, tight and wet, as if she was clinching me inside.
But I guessed Amanda didn't want me to cum inside her friend and pulled out before I got too close.
They both turned round and sat on the edge of the couch, looking up at me, smiling. My cock was fully hard and pointing at their eager faces. We all knew what must happen now. They both reached out and slid fingers over my length, rubbing my moistened cock and pulling it towards their open mouths. Two sets of lips touched the end, two tongues flicked across the tip. I was swelling and throbbing hard.
And then it was time: they both gave me a last few eager licks and I could hold back no more! I grunted and thrust a first spurt over Amanda's face, a second into Astrid's open mouth. More spurts came, little ropes of cum and spatters across their young faces. Tongues and lips reached for more. I emptied my last drops over their lips and felt their tongues licking the cum from me. Amanda's hand cupped my balls and the last few drops oozed out into her mouth. And they took turns to lick and suck me dry, kissing each other as I watched and sat down in relief as they kissed each other more.
Next it would be my turn to please them. I knew it would be a long and unforgettable summer afternoon.