I want to thank Fat_Dad for editing this chapter of "The Morrisons." Fat_Dad contributed the section of this chapter where (Mike) Dr. Marshall (Marsh) Mitchel and (Judy) Rebecca (Becca) Andrews pick up Dan, Kim, Beth, Ted and Marion for their two hour lunch via a helicopter ride. Fat_Dad knows more about the assets of Turner Company than I do. I believe you will find he gave us a wonderful abbreviated overview during the lunch break.
With express permission and assistance from Fat_Dad, we have incorporated some of the story characters from "A New Life for Dr. Mitchel" into "The Morrisons." and vice versa. I have a complete character list on the last page of this chapter.
We've had unbelievable positive response to the integration of story characters and aligning our story lines, although each story remains a separate entity. We've interlinked some situations since we found out Marsh and Dan are neighbors.
Again, a profound thank you goes out to Fat_Dad for all the hard work he's invested in editing and assisting me. I know Fat_Dad is only a phone call away.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note:The Morrisonsis a continuing story where each chapter builds on previous chapters. If this is your first encounter withThe Morrisons, I'd like to suggest you read the previous chapters prior to reading this one. Please enjoy!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**PLEASE NOTE:
**Before you read this chapter, be advised that it contains very graphic depictions of raw sex and/or love-making between two or more consenting people. IF such depictions upset you or make you lose sleep, PLEASE don't read any further. You may not enjoy reading a particular portion of the story; that doesn't mean other readers will dislike that same portion. It's a different-strokes-for-different-folks kind of story.
For the sophisticated intellectuals who read incest/taboo stories on Literotica expecting to find professional authors with perfect everything, including but not limited to, punctuation, spelling, dialog, characters with only sophisticated actions, etc., please pass this chapter by, you won't find that here! We do our best to correct all typos and spelling errors but some may still slip past us.
I appreciate hearing from readers, and I want to thank all those who took time to send me a public or private message. However, please don't leave a derogatory comment, if you willingly overlook THIS WARNING.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters engaging in sexual activities are of legal age!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************
I woke up the next morning to a gentle motion of the bed with a cool breeze blowing across my body but I had a wonderfully warm sensation in my groin area. Something was very different and it took me a few seconds to realize I wasn't in my own bed and the gentle motion was being caused by Terri's movements. I blinked the sleep out of my eyes before I could look down my body where what I saw was Terri's hot mouth wrapped around my morning wood. Her head moved rhythmically up and down as she slowly devoured my cock.
She paused for a moment and looked up at me with her mouth still full of my cock. She used her teeth to bite down gently on my cock head before she lifted her head up saying, "Good morning daddy, I thought we should start the day off right since you'll be leaving tonight and I won't see you for a few days."
I looked at her big blue eyes and suddenly felt guilty about not taking her with me, to Hawaii. Without another word Terri opened her lips and devoured my cock once again. I whispered, "Straddle my face; I want to lick your delicious pussy, especially your clit. I want to give you the best orgasm you've ever had."
"No daddy, I want you to make love to me. I want both of us to enjoy this early morning rendezvous. I want you to be on top of me and slide your beautiful cock slowly into my pussy. You don't have to worry; I'm so wet from thinking about making love to you, I'm ready. I love you daddy and I want to have your baby."
I moved into position and Terri raised her legs up and wrapped them around my waist. I moved slowly forward and Terri moaned in pleasure. Her bright blue eyes looked up at me as she said, "I love you dad. I can't explain to you how much, but just know I love you."
I smiled and said, "I love you too sweetheart."
I made slow passionate love to Terri until both of us experienced mutual euphoric orgasms which lasted forever, or so it seemed. I pulled out of her tight pussy and moved to Terri's right side and collapsed on the bed. In the twilight of our sexual gratification both of us took some time to catch our breath and wait for the tingling to subside.
Terri giggled and said, "I have to get up soon and go down and turn off the alarm. Mike will be here to pick up Joanna. I wonder if I can get him to stay for some coffee."
Terri started to scoot towards the edge of the bed and I rolled to the opposite edge and stood up. I followed Terri into her bathroom and while she was peeing and douching, I turned on the shower and then I peed. Terri joined me in the shower and we washed each other's body thoroughly.
When we finished we dried each other and I paid special attention to that crack between her legs. I made sure I dried that completely. Terri stopped at her mirror and brushed her hair and then turned to me and said, "Your turn. You don't have a brush in my bathroom so I'll brush your hair for you, now lean down here."
Terri and I walked out of her room and we heard some noises so we walked towards my room to investigate. When we got to the doorway we stopped and watched the lovely view. We saw Ted between Kim's legs, holding them up in the air, pumping into her pussy. On the right side of the bed Marion and Beth were locked in a sixty nine position, both of them moaning with pleasure.
Kim was encouraging Ted to fuck her hard as she enjoyed endless shockwaves of pleasure. The slapping of Ted's groin against Kim's ass was loud and I was surprised it didn't wake up everyone in the house. Soon, Kim and Ted enjoyed euphoric orgasms before they collapsed on the bed.
When the show was almost over I turned us around and we started down the hall. As we walked down the stairs I told Terri, "Go ahead and start making the coffee and I'll shut off the alarm."
When I walked into the kitchen that wonderful scent of brewing coffee filled my nostrils. I walked over and opened the vertical blinds and unlocked the sliding door. I slid the glass door sideways and that wonderful morning aroma mixed swiftly with the brewing coffee and I was in heaven. Terri poured two cups of coffee and we had just sat down at the breakfast counter when Joanna rounded the corner and came into the kitchen. We exchanged morning pleasantries and Terri asked, "Would you like a cup of coffee before you go for your run?"
"Actually, I'd rather have some orange juice. I'll get it, please stay seated." Joanna replied.
"Joanna, I want to throw something at you and see what you think. I'm in need of a security person starting this evening thru sometime on Monday; do you know where I can find one?"
Joanna turned and stared at me before she said, "You have four security people living here in your home, what more are you looking for Dan?"
"The right person I need, should be a female, have short brown hair with beautiful green eyes. She should also have "B" size titties with brown areola topped off by pencil eraser sized nipples. I think she should be in shape with ripped abs and muscular thighs, and her pussy ..."
Joanna interrupted me by saying, "Alright Dan, I get the picture! What do you want me to do for you?"
"As I said, I need a security person who is willing to travel at short notice and protect me and the people who accompany me. The person needs to be highly trained ..."
Once again I was interrupted by Joanna, as she laughed, "You're leaving for Hawaii tonight so is this person you're searching for, going to be on that plane with you?"
"Unless she's going to walk to Hawaii, I'd think it would be much better if she was on the plane with me." I said smugly.
The gate phone rang and Terri picked it up asking, "How may I help you?" That was quickly followed by, "Ok Mike, please pull through the gate and wait for it to close. Please come to the front door, Joanna is not quite ready to go."
Joanna looked at Terri before saying, "I'm ready to go, and I'm not wearing anything other than my running shoes."
"I'm not talking about not ready to go in what you're wearing, I think dad wants an answer before you rush off. Do you want to walk to the front door with me?" Terri replied.
"Stay here, I'll let Mike in." Joanna giggled.
A couple minutes later Mike walked into the kitchen and immediately Terri asked, "Mike would you like some coffee, orange juice or..."
"Water would be fine." Mike said.
Terri got up and pulled a bottle of water out of the refrigerator for Mike and handed it to him. Terri leaned forward and pressed her nude body against Mike and hugged him. Before she stepped back she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and he did the same to her.
When she was seated again she said, "Ok dad, as you were saying."
I looked at Mike then at Joanna before I said, "Well, do I have that female I'm searching for right here in the kitchen?"
"Are you saying you want me to go to Hawaii with you? Who am I going to protect besides you?" Joanna queried.
"I decided I can't travel with only one of my daughters, so I'm taking all three of them. I want you to go with me since Shelly and Mary went with me the last time. Will you go or do I have to start my search all over again?" I stated in a clear concise voice.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Terri smiling from ear to ear but she was doing an excellent job containing her excitement. All of us waited for Joanna to say something but suddenly I saw she was holding her breath. I said, "BREATHE Joanna, I'm serious."
She set her orange juice down on the counter and her arm flew out from her body and around my neck as she squealed in delight. Joanna hugged and kissed me all the while saying, "Yes ... Yes ... YES! Thank you Dan! Of course I'll go and make sure the girls stay safe. OH GOD! It keeps happening ever since I came here the first time."
"What keeps happening?" I asked.
"I keep being overwhelmed by events and offers and ..." Joanna joyfully squealed.
"Don't worry sweetheart, you work for and deserve what you get. Nothing is being handed to you." I assured her.
I hugged Joanna and pulled her naked body closer to me. We remained in our embrace for a couple of minutes until Mike asked me, "Where are you going in Hawaii?"
"We have reservations for beach cottages on the island of Oahu. I was recently promoted to Chairman of the Board/CEO of my company when our former Chairman of the Board was diagnosed with cancer. He worked all his life and has never done one spontaneous thing. This trip isn't really a spur-of-the-moment type trip but, it is for him. Unless it was business related, all other trips for him had to be planned months in advance. We've put this together in less than a week. His doctors have diagnosed him with stage four pancreatic cancer. The doctors at the cancer center only gave him six month to live, at best. He's been to Hawaii before but always stayed in a five star hotel or a resort that catered to the rich. I want to take him to a place he's never been before and let him do something fun with his family. We have reservations for luxury cottages on a private beach area."
"I didn't want to take him to a hotel because there would always be plenty of people around. I wanted something private where it would only be us, our group. I asked Beth to find a resort that had luxury cabins on a private beach. She found what I was looking for on the island of Oahu. We are going to make this into a fun trip and discuss business only while we're flying. Tom and I will discuss company business while Beth, Brenda and Kelly will discuss secretarial business, on the way there. Once we arrive, we can enjoy our three day stay and the business end will be over." I told Mike.
Mike listened to me while he sipped his water. When I finished he said, "I'm sorry to hear that you old boss has cancer but I like your idea to take him on the trip. I'm sure it will give him and his family something to cherish forever. Let me know if you need anything."
Joanna hooked her arm into Mike's arm saying, "I'm ready for that run now. Oh boy ... today is starting off wonderfully. I find out I'm going to Hawaii and then I get to have this handsome male specimen in the woods all by myself."
"Well, not exactly," Mike said, "I have to stop and get Wolf and Judy before we hit the trail."
"I can share" Joanna said as a big broad smile spread across her face.
"I'll walk you to the door and lock it when you leave." I said.
When I returned to the kitchen I was met by another squealing female but this one launched her body at me. I had to catch her to keep her from hurting herself. Terri clung to me and asked me, "Are you really going to take Hanna and me to Hawaii with you?"
"Yes sweetheart, I decided that whatever it costs me for the extra cottage is going to be well worth it. I enjoyed watching the two of you in Germany and I'm going to give you another chance at some freedom. You'll be able to do whatever you want. Even when we travel, I want both of you to be safe so all I ask is that you make sure Joanna is with you at all times. We are going to be on a private beach so if you want to tan or swim nude, you can."
"What about the others?" Terri asked, "What will they say if they see us nude?""
"I'm going to meet with Tom while we're flying and I'm going to tell him about our nudist lifestyle. I'll throw out the invitation for him and his family to join us." I said with a smile.
While Terri was still in my arms with her legs wrapped around me, Kim, Beth, Ted and Marion walked into the kitchen. Marion asked, "Umm, are we disturbing anything?"
I turned slowly with Terri still in my arms before saying, "Nope, we're just celebrating. I've decided to take Terri and Hanna to Hawaii with me. I think Terri is very happy."
"Oh yes, Terri is very, very happy. Terri is so happy she's wrapped her body around this wonderful man and she's not sure if she's gonna let him go." Terri responded.
I looked into her blue eyes saying, "Do you have any idea how many people are going to see your cute lil butt and my cock during the day, if you aren't going to release me?"
"Oops, I guess I'd better let you get dressed. I might end up bumped and bruised when I try to fight off all the women who'll want a piece of you." Terri giggled.
Terri slowly released her grip on me and slid down my body. When her feet hit the floor she leaned in and kissed me before she turned and asked, "How many of you want some coffee?"
All four of the newcomers wanted coffee so Terri said, "Have a seat in the dining room and I'll bring it right in for you."
"I'll help you," volunteered Marion, "Should I get out some snacks while you work on the coffee?"
"Yes, thank you," Terri replied, "There are some on the left side of the pantry. I think on the second shelf."
Within a few minutes everyone had steaming hot coffee in front of them and a plate of cinnamon coffee cakes were in the center of the table. I looked at Kim and said, "We are going to Hawaii as a family, a whole family."
"Yes dear," Kim replied, "I know."
"You know what?" I inquired.
"I know we are going to Hawaii as a whole family." Kim said with a big smirk spread across her face.
"Oh yeah smarty pants, what exactly do you know?" I countered.
Kim sipped her coffee to wash down her cinnamon coffee cake before she looked at me and said, "Our family includes, you, me, Beth, Jenna, Terri and Hanna. And then, there are all of our friends who are nearly members of our family. But for this trip, I think you are going to limit it to the six of us. How am I doing Mr. Executive? Oh, by the way, I'm not wearing pants or anything else, as you can clearly see, smarty or otherwise."
"How do you know so much?" I asked.
"Sweetheart, I've been married to you for how long now? I can read you like a book. Do you want me to tell you when you made up your mind to take Terri and Hanna with us?" Kim challenged.
"Ok smart-ass I'm in, tell me when I made up my mind to take Terri and Hanna." I challenged Kim back.
"This is gettin' good; I can't wait to see who wins this one." Ted added quickly.
"Shut up Ted and learn something, will ya?" Marion said as she slapped Ted's arm playfully.
"Dan, There are parts of me that are quite a bit smarter than my ass. They may not be any prettier, but I know you love them all. Now then, I'm going to guess, a thought passed through your brain, about taking them, yesterday. However it was this morning when you firmed up your plan and decided to take both girls with us. How am I doing ... Sweetheart?"
I stared at Kim because she had me pegged again. Although I hated to admit it, she was right again. Beth broke the silence by saying, "WOW, Kim is he that predictable? When I was working on the reservations he never said anything about taking Terri and Hanna."
Kim looked directly into my eyes as she said, "To quote Paul Harvey, "And now, the rest, of the story.""
"Beth, you have to understand, in the back of that twisted little brain of his, there's a computer that's always working at high capacity. Important information is processed immediately for rapid use. However, sometimes other information takes a little while to make it out of the computer into the active brain cells to be processed for use when he least expects it. There are plenty of filters in that brain so Dan has the ability to say the right things at the perfect time."
"Holy shit buddy," Ted exclaimed, "She has you nailed down like a fact sheet."
My eyes never left Kim's while my smile spread across my face and I marveled at the intelligence of the woman to my right. Finally I said, "You're right, my dear, as always, ... even about the parts."
The spell was broken when Shelly and Mary walked into the room and said in unison, "Good morning."
Everyone around the table returned their greeting and Terri started to get up to get coffee for them. Mary said, "Stay where you are Terri, we'll make a carafe of coffee and we'll be right back.
Our early morning conversation continued by me saying, "Oh Ted, I've hired Joanna to go on this trip with us. You know, as security for Terri and Hanna."
Ted looked at me and in a monotone voice said, "I knew that was coming. I was going to make that guess a couple of minutes ago, when Kim finished speaking, but that would have sounded too much like we were married. I didn't want Marion to think we're having an affair and piss her off."
Everyone was still laughing when Hanna walked into the room. All of us took turns greeting her on her way through the dining room on her way to the kitchen. Just as Hanna came back into the dining room, Jenna, Kevin and Sue came into the dining room. Kevin was in the middle of the two girls and after greeting everyone Jenna told Sue and Kevin to find a seat and she would get some cups for them.
We moved our chairs around so everyone could fit at the table and when Kevin brought some chairs up to the table there was a wide space beside Kim. He set three chairs in place before he asked, "Young lady, may I sit next to you?"
Kim's head snapped around as she asked, "Who were you talking to?"
"I was talking to the gorgeous mother of my most beautiful girlfriend." Kevin replied.
Kim smiled as she said, "Son, I think you and I are going to get along just fine if you keep talking like that."
"Yes ma'am," Kevin replied, "But I'm very serious, you are beautiful, young looking, and you definitely all woman from the tips of those delicious looking breasts all the way to that tight looking slit between your thighs. You and Jenna could be twins."
"Sit right down here son, I like the way you talk." Kim replied.
Kevin sat down next to Kim and Sue left the seat in the middle open for Jenna. Kim turned her upper body towards Kevin and pulled him towards her and kissed him passionately. They were still kissing when Jenna came back with the cups. She set the cups down on the table then stood looking at Kevin and her mother kissing before she said, "I guess mom approves of my choice for a boyfriend."
Jenna sat down and poured coffee in all three cups before she tapped Kevin's arm saying, "Umm Kevin, your coffee is going to get cold if you don't stop that."
Kevin broke the kiss with Kim long enough to ask, "I'm sorry, what did you say?"
Jenna swatted Kevin's arm playfully saying, "I said, your cock is getting hard. I thought you had to leave soon."
"I do have to leave soon." Kevin replied, "I have to go home and change clothes before I go to work."
"I'm sure we have some shorts around here somewhere you can put on so you don't have to get dressed." Jenna added.
"I have a pair of shorts that will fit you Kevin. You can borrow them if you'd like." I said.
Kevin replied, "Thank you sir, I'll do that. Then I don't have to put on the work clothes I had on yesterday."
"You can always ride home naked." Shelly said with a grin.
"Not with this big thing standing up like this." Kim said as she continued to stroke Kevin's cock. "Jenna, you can't let this guy go home like this."
"Mom!" Jenna stated in an exasperated voice. "Sue and I worked on that thing all night long. We finally got it down and now you've got it standing back up again."
"Sorry Mrs. Morrison." Kevin said, "IThas a mind of its own."
"Yes, I know sweetheart," Kim replied, "Don't worry about her; I can handle this thing as good as she can, if not better."
Jenna quickly leaned over and devoured Kevin's cockhead while Kim continued to stroke it. Kevin enjoyed the attention he was getting from both mother and daughter. Before long, he leaned his head back and his breathing increased while his body started to vibrate. Within a few minutes he stated loudly, "OH SHIT! Jenna, I'm going to cum soon!"
Seconds later, he groaned as he held the back of Jenna's head and gasped for breath while he shot his load into Jenna's mouth. All of us could hear the slurping noise Jenna made as she cleaned up all Kevin's cum without wasting a drop. She sat up quickly and pulled Kevin's face towards hers and kissed him passionately. He wasn't a bit surprised when Jenna pushed some of his cum into his mouth before she pulled back and watched as he swallowed it.
"Yep, he's a keeper alright." Kim added.
Jenna and Kevin licked their lips and then took a sip of their coffee. The family oriented conversation continued and everyone poked good natured fun at one another. Finally I said, "It's time for us to go up and get dressed, Joe will be here soon."
Kim and Beth stood up first and I quickly followed. I took their cups and said, "Go ahead, I'll put these in the sink and catch up with you."
Ted stood up followed me to the kitchen with his own cup. We walked up the stairs together and parted company when we passed his bedroom. We got dressed and went back downstairs where we found Joe sitting at the table and enjoying a cup of coffee with everyone. Ted came back down stairs in his uniform. I immediately noticed, for the first time, Ted was wearing his Kevlar vest under his shirt. I looked at Ted questioningly and he winked at me.
We talked while Joe finished his coffee and when he was done, he stood up and thanked everyone for the great conversation and the coffee. Mary stood up and said, "When you come back here tonight, I'd love to have you with me in the hot tub."
Joe blushed before he said, "We'll see what happens. I'm still a little leery taking off my pants with so many beautiful ladies here."
"Don't worry about that Joe," Mary said, "We'll take your hard-on as a compliment. It will prove we look good enough, to get a rise out of you."
"I never thought of it like that." Joe replied.
Mary said, "Come on, I'll walk you to the door."
Kim, Beth and I picked up what we needed to take to the office, everyone staying behind formed a line and the three of us were hugged and kissed and each one wished us a good day. When we made it out to the car we saw Mary was standing with Joe, next to the open car door, and Mary held Joe's hand over her right tit, encouraging him to squeeze it.
I stood beside the car and allowed both Kim and Beth to enter the car before I ducked my head and entered. As they had the previous morning, both of them were in the back seat with a space for me to sit between them.
****************************
The Simpson children were still sleeping while Tina and Jeff sipped their coffee on the deck in the back of their new home. Both of them were nude and while looking out over their back yard, Jeff said, "Honey, you know, we are so lucky. We owe all of this to Dan Morrison. He's taken us under his wing and I didn't do anything more than a normal man would do."
Tina smiled remembering Joanna coming to pick her and the children up so they could go play at his house before she said, "Yes, we are very lucky. He gave you a decent job and has treated us like family. Now, we have this beautiful house we're going to make our home. The children can play out there in the huge back yard and not worry. And we can make love out here on the deck."
"You know honey, the kids are still sleeping and..."
Tina was out of her chair in a heartbeat with a huge smile on her face. She knelt down in front of Jeff and picked up his hardening cock. After a few licks, Jeff was hard as a rock so she stood up and pulled on Jeff's hand to get him out of his chair. She quickly walked to the railing and bent over with her elbows firmly planted on the railing she said, "Jeff, please slide that beautiful cock into me."
Jeff was right there and he rubbed his cock up and down her slippery slit before he gently pushed forward until he was buried as deep as he could possibly go. He purposely twitched his cock a couple of times before he reached out and put his hands on her hips and slowly started fucking his wife on their own deck. He was in no hurry, but he also realized the kids could wake up at any time so he picked up his pace and told Tina, "Sweetheart, as much as I'd love to stretch this love making session out, we'd better finish soon, in case the kids wake up."
Tina knew what he was talking about so she reached down between her legs and rubbed her clit while Jeff pumped his cock into the depths of her body. Soon their breathing patterns changed and both of them were on the verge of an orgasm. Jeff said, "I'm almost there."
Tina, barely able to speak said, "Oh ... God ... yes ... Jeff ... please ... cum ... Nowwwww!"
Jeff pumped wildly into his lovely wife's tight pussy and deposited plenty of cum inside her. He continued to pump into her even when he'd finished because her pussy muscles squeezed his cock and drained it completely. Jeff leaned forward on Tina's back and said, "I love you darling, more than I could ever express. You are my whole world."
Slowly Tina stood up and Jeff's cock slipped out of her. She spun around in his arms and planted a loving and passionate kiss on his lips. She whispered, "I love you Jeff. You're my whole world also."
They were still locked in their embrace when they heard their son John ask, "Do you guys do that all the time?"
Without breaking away from each other both of them turned their heads and looked towards the sliding glass doors and saw their son John standing in the doorway. A few seconds later Jeff said, "When you get older you'll find the girl you love dearly; you'll want to hug her all the time too. Your mom and I love each other and we love all three of our children. That's why you get plenty of hugs."
"So why aren't you both hugging me too?" John asked.
"Come here honey, we'll hug you." Tina said as she turned and held out her arms towards her son. "I'll hug you any time you want a hug."
John was tall enough, when he stepped up to his mom for her hug, his face lined up perfectly with her breasts. John didn't hesitate to nestle his face between her "C" cups while he hugged his mother's naked body to his own. He squeezed her several times playfully. Tina felt his cock press against her upper thigh but didn't say anything.
John finished hugging his mother and when he turned around he saw his father hold out his arms to hug his son too. Jeff smiled at his son and said, "I love you son. I'll try to always be here for you, whenever you need me."
John looked out across the huge back yard and said, "Moving us out of the city to this house is a great start dad. I love my new room. It was a little scary last night but I'm ok now."
"I can't wait for the girls to get up so we can go exploring." John added.
"Son, I don't want you to wander off without your mother. At least until we get used to this new house, it would be better if your mother goes with you and the girls." Jeff said.
"That's right honey," Tina quickly added, "I want to go with you when you and your sisters wander around the first few times. We just moved here so I want to know what's out here. I want to make sure there are no hidden dangers like old buildings, foundations, or well casings that you could get hurt in."
"Alright mom," John said, "I really like it because we can be naked outside like we did at the Morrison's house."
"Your mom and I are really going to enjoy being nude outside too." Jeff said.
"Yeah, I saw you two this morning enjoying being nude. Mom was making a lot of noise and that's what woke me up. I waited for it to get quiet before I came out." John said.
"I think we'll get a pool and set it up out here." Jeff immediately said to change the subject.
Tina was blushing a deep red when she said, "John ... honey, your mom and dad love each other very much and we show our love to each other, in a different way."
"Is that like when you and dad were standing behind the sofa the other night?" John asked.
Tina blushed a deeper red as she replied, "Yes dear, daddy was showing me how much he loves me. But you can't do that until you are older."
"How old do I have to be mom?" John asked.
"Honey, I don't want you to think I'm avoiding your question but the law says you have to be eighteen. However, some people don't wait that long. When you get older, your dad will have a man to man talk with you." Tina smiled at John.
"One good thing about our nudist lifestyle is you won't have to be curious what girls look like and the girls won't have to wonder what boys look like. When your father and I were growing up, our parents were very strict and we had to wear clothes all the time." Tina added.
"I know that you, Abby and Deana have a pussy because I heard the guys at school say that. I also heard the guys call this thing, a cock." John said in a serious tone.
Jeff spoke up saying, "I'll answer any question for you son, instead of you hearing what someone says. I want you to feel free to come to me anytime. But to clarify a couple of things for you, some guys do call it a cock. However, the correct name for what you have down there is a penis. That sack that hangs down below your penis is called a scrotum. Inside your scrotum are your testicles. Some guys refer to them as their balls or family jewels."
"Dad ..." John said, "I saw your cock standing up sometimes and mine gets like that sometimes too. When I wake up in the morning it's hard to pee because my cock is standing up. What causes that?"
"John to be honest with you, I really don't know why we get hard in the morning when we have to take a piss or a leak, but we do. Most guys call that a piss hard-on or a morning wood. I also have a hard time peeing first thing in the morning when I'm hard." Jeff explained.
"Son, I want to keep this simple enough for you to understand what I'm saying so I'll refer to the garden hose. I know you and your sisters have sprayed each other with the hose. I don't know if you realized it but when you squeeze the handle on the nozzle and squirt water out of the hose, behind the nozzle the hose is flexible. But when you aren't squirting any water, the hose gets hard and builds up pressure. So we'll call the nozzle a valve. Inside your penis or cock, there are valve like things that trap the blood flow and make your penis hard. When the blood is released, like you squirting the hose, your penis will go soft again."
"John, as you get older, other things will trigger your brain to send signals down to your penis or cock to close the valves and make you hard or stand up. But we can save that topic for another day. For now, don't worry about your cock standing up, it's all part of nature and it won't hurt you." Jeff told his son.
Tina was sitting in her chair sipping her cold coffee with a Cheshire cat grin on her face listening to Jeff. Finally Jeff said, "I have to go take a shower and get ready to go to work."
Tina followed him into the house and said in a quiet voice, "So you have a garden hose down there, do ya."
Jeff turned around with a smile saying, "You don't seem to mind when this hose squirts in you, so yeah, I do have a hose... not necessarily a garden hose."
Tina followed Jeff into the bathroom and she douched while Jeff shaved. When both of them were ready, they took a shower together and washed each other. When they finished they dried each other and Tina wandered naked back to the kitchen where she found John sitting out on the deck drinking some orange juice.
Jeff finished dressing and when he came downstairs, Tina had breakfast waiting for him. They talked quietly as Jeff ate. When he was finished, he stood up and hugged Tina. John came running in and said, "Bye dad and thank you again for finding this beautiful house for us."
The three of them walked to the front door together and Tina and John didn't stop at the front door. They walked out on the front porch and stood there completely naked and watched Jeff get into his car and drive away.
When Jeff left for work, he was feeling like a million bucks. Sure the drive to work was a little longer but it was worth it. He smiled to himself thinking about the freedom his children now had in their new home.
Tina and John stood there on the porch for a little while longer looking around before they turned and walked back into the house. They walked through the house out to the back deck and both of them sat down. Tina picked up her cold coffee and John finished his orange juice.
They weren't alone for long, Abby and Deana came running through the kitchen and stopped when they saw their mother and brother sitting on the deck. Abby said, "Thank goodness you're here, we thought everyone left us."
Tina smiled and said, "Welcome to your new home. It's bigger than our old house and we can't hear you down here, from your bedrooms."
They asked for some orange juice and when Tina went into the kitchen to get some they went around the table and brought the chairs to the front so they could sit between their mother and brother. Tina came back with the orange juice and her refreshed coffee and the four of them sat comfortably on the deck, which is something they didn't dare do at their old house.
****************************
Once again our ride to the office seemed shorter than it was when I was driving to work. It seemed like only a short while after leaving home we pulled up in front of Kim's office building. Kim waited for Joe to open the door before she opened her legs wide in an exaggerated move to get out of the car. Her skirt rose up her legs and I'm sure Kim's sheer panties were on display. He held out his hand and helped her stand next to the door until her skirt was back in place. Kim leaned over and kissed Joe and said, "Thank you kind sir."
Kim walked with plenty of confidence towards her office building. At the door she turned and waved goodbye to us. Joe closed the door and drove us to our office. Beth told me to get out first and when she slid across the seat; her legs were also spread wide. Joe looked at me briefly and then watched as Beth finished getting out of the limo. She brushed her skirt back into place while Joe said, "Thank you Beth, you look very beautiful this morning."
Beth also leaned over and kissed Joe before she turned and we headed into the building. Joe said as we walked away, "Dan, remember if you need me for anything at all, just call me."
"I will Joe, I will."
We got off the elevator and walked the short distance to our offices where we were met by three beautiful young ladies. Taffy Davis, Connie Swensen and Kelly Jones stood up when we walked into Kelly's office. Beth and I stopped and looked at Taffy and Connie standing there in their new business suits. Even though I had seen them try the suits on for the tailor yesterday, I was awe struck at their beauty this morning. Both of them dressed for success, in business attire.
All three of them greeted us at the same time and Beth and I returned their greetings. I regained my composure before saying, "Please come into my office."
"Dan, before we go into your office I'd like to tell you something." Taffy said.
I stopped walking and turned towards her asking, "What is it?"
"My father and Connie's father are downstairs. I had to bring my dad with me because his car isn't on the road. He didn't have the money to pay car insurance so he had to turn in his plates. Connie's father's car broke down yesterday. Neither one of them has money for bus or taxi fare so I picked up Connie and her dad this morning, so they could come here for an interview."
I smiled and asked, "So Taffy, what's the problem?"
"I only wanted you to know they are here and ready to be interviewed any time you can fit them in. They said they'd even wait all day if necessary." Taffy replied.
"Where are they now?" I asked.
Taffy replied, "Both of them are in the lobby as we speak."
"Kelly, please call down to the lobby and have Mr. Swensen and Mr. Davis sent up here to my office. Please wait for them to arrive and bring them in. Now, if the rest of you will follow me, we'll go into my office and wait for them."
Taffy turned to Connie and said, "See, I told you it would work out. Mr. Morrison is a very nice man."
We entered my office and Kelly opened my door a few seconds later and asked me if I wanted coffee or something. I told her, "Yes, I'd love a cup, why not make a pot so we'll have enough for everyone."
Kelly said, "Will do Dan, it'll be ready soon."
I put my briefcase down beside my desk and asked Taffy and Connie to bring a couple more chairs over in front of my desk from the far wall while we waited for their fathers to arrive. Beth walked into her office and put her laptop and bag away before she came back to my office. I pointed to the chairs I wanted Taffy and Connie to sit in and Beth sat down in the chair beside my desk.
A few minutes after we were settled, Kelly knocked on my door and announced Mr. Swensen and Mr. Davis are here to see you Sir."
"Please bring them in Kelly."
I stood up and walked around my desk as the two men walked into my office and I saw both of them look at their daughter sitting in front of my desk. I extended my hand and said, "I'm Dan Morrison and you are?"
Mr. Davis shook my hand first with a firm grip followed by Mr. Swensen with an even firmer grip. I asked both of them to sit down and indicated which chairs I wanted them to sit in. Kelly asked, "Does anyone beside Mr. Morrison want some coffee?"
Beth spoke up saying, "Yes, I'll have some, thank you."
Both Taffy and Connie took turns asking for a cup. The two men finally spoke up and added their names to those who would like coffee. Kelly excused herself and said she'd be right back.
When she came back she had a carafe of coffee on a tray with enough cups for everyone. She also had a container of cream and a sugar bowl on the tray. When she entered the room Taffy and Connie stood up and offered to help her with the coffee. Beth walked over and fixed some coffee for me and some for her. Each girl fixed coffee for their father and then one for themselves. Soon we were all sitting and sipping delicious coffee.
Mr. Davis spoke up first and thanked me for what I did for his daughter the day before. He informed me that Taffy had kept everything to herself because she needed her job but he was glad that she wasn't working for that guy Bart anymore.
Mr. Swensen echoed Mr. Davis's sentiments and also thanked me for saving his daughter from being harassed by Bart. He went on to thank me for the opportunity I had given both girls and he'll never understand how an executive would take an interest in not only his current employees but offer their father's a chance to get back to work also. He told me as one father to another, he was grateful for what I did.
I thanked both of them for their heart felt thank you but told each of them I won't allow any employee to be bullied or harassed. I congratulated both men for raising their daughters with the high morals and virtues both of them possessed.
Mr. Davis looked at his daughter and then at me before he said, "I'm sorry to intrude on you so early in the morning. I know I was supposed to call for an appointment but circumstances beyond my control prevented me from being able to make an appointment..."
"I don't mean to interrupt you sir, but sometimes things happen for a reason. Believe it or not, this is going to be my slowest time of today. The rest of my day is packed with appointments and preparation for a business trip this afternoon. So there is no need for you to explain anything. I don't normally have two candidates in the room together when I conduct interviews but in this case if no one minds, we can sit here and talk for a little bit and I can find out what kind of work you did. It's up to you, how do you want to do this?"
Both men looked at each other and at their daughter before Mr. Davis spoke up saying, "Our daughters have been friends for a while and I've met Mr. Swensen a few times, but under the current circumstances, I'll be very happy to be in the room all together. I'm looking for a job and I don't care who knows it."
Mr. Swensen was next to say, "I just want to work. My daughter told me she told you a bit of my situation so I'll confirm it by saying, I'll also take any job you have available. I don't care who listens. As I look around the room I only see smiling faces so it can't be all that bad."
"I understand that both of you will take any job I have available and it just happens that two of our trash collectors were promoted yesterday so there are two positions open in that department. So after you're processed through our HR department and your references come back clean and if your drug test is negative, both of you have a job right now! HOWEVER, I want to hear more about what you used to do, so I can determine if we have any openings close to those positions available for you."
For the next half hour I alternated between both men asking them questions and listening to their answers. I am very familiar with all functions of our company and it became evident to me I could place both men in a position close to what they had done before they were laid off.
I wrote two names on a piece of paper and handed it to Kelly and asked her to call both people to my office. While we waited, I informed both men I was going to hire them and they would be on a probation period just like any other recently hired employee. Smiles filled their faces and I looked at both daughters and noticed they were fidgeting in their seats.
I smiled at them as I said, "I recently returned from Germany where our company was able to secure a very lucrative contract. We are going to be able to hire hundreds of new workers so you're only the beginning. I'm going to send both of you down to HR and have you fill out an application and I'll advise HR to fast track processing your applications. Like I said before, if there are no problems with your references or drug test, I'll have you report to work tomorrow morning and you can all ride together."
"In a few minutes there will be two department heads coming in here. I'm going to assign each of you to one of those department heads based on what each of you've told me. They also will evaluate you today and I'll have them report to me later this afternoon."
There was a knock on my door and Kelly opened it and said, "The two department heads you wanted to see, are here Mr. Morrison."
"Please have them come right in." I responded.
Kelly led the two department heads into my office and I introduced everyone. I explained that each man had to go to HR first to fill out an application. Then I explained what I wanted each department head to do with their potential new employee. I also informed each of them I wanted a report sent to me, on each man, before the end of the day.
I stood up and walked around my desk and said, "I don't care how old a person is, all I care about is having a team worker who can do the best he or she can for our company. I wish both of you well and I will be personally checking on your progress."
Both men shook my hand vigorously and kept thanking me. Each daughter stood up, hugged and kissed their dad before they left the room. I reminded Beth we hadn't had a chance to eat yet so I asked her to order something to eat from the deli and have it delivered. Beth stood up and left my office saying, "If you don't need me for a little while, I have some work I need to do before we leave."
"Go ahead and get your work done and if I need anything, I can have Kelly fill in for you." I replied.
I asked Taffy and Connie, "Do you think your fathers are happy?"
Both of them tried to talk at once and then stopped and looked at each other and giggled. Finally Connie said, "Go ahead."
Taffy opened her mouth to talk and that girl gave me at least a five minute condensed speech, telling me many things from the time she returned home last night, until her parents saw her dressed in her new clothes this morning. She told me she was so excited when she got out of the shower and finished in the bathroom, she put on one of her new panty and bra sets and ran out to show her mom. The panties were white silk, French Cut, mid-rise and they hugged every portion of her body which they covered. She told me her father stared at her for a few seconds before he reminded her they were underwear and not meant to be seen by everyone.
Connie was next to tell me her story and she also started out from the time she went home yesterday until this morning. Her story wasn't as long by just as interesting as Taffy's story. At the end of her tale Connie asked, "Dan, may I hug you for all you've done for me and my father."
I stood up and I and smiled before saying, "Sure you can hug me. When we are in a private setting like this, you may hug me anytime you get the urge. I wouldn't want you to hug me in front of other employees and give them the wrong impression of you. We have not engaged in any sexual activities nor have I allowed my hands to wander to places outside a normal hug, so I don't want others to think you are doing special favors for the boss. And the same goes for you too Taffy."
"Dan ..." Taffy said then stopped and looked at me.
"Yes?" I asked
"Is there ... I mean ... what can I do, ummm ... to show you I appreciate everything you've done for me and my family since yesterday?" Taffy asked in a quiet submissive type voice.
I looked directly at Taffy and then at Connie before saying, "Come here give me a hug."
While both of them were hugging me and I had an arm around each of them I said, "You don't have to do anything for me. Neither of you owe me anything. I helped you because it was the right thing to do."
We talked quietly while both girls hugged me in appreciation for what had transpired in the past twenty four hours. We were standing together with our arms around each other and Taffy said in a matter of fact voice, "I know you enjoyed seeing us in the nude yesterday because you had a hard-on. Now that you've seen all of me, I will be very happy to show you my naked body any time you want to see it."
"If you want, I'll take off my suit right now and work for you in my bra and panties. I know you loved watching us yesterday at the lingerie shop." Connie added
I looked at both Taffy and Connie before saying, "Yes, I did enjoy myself yesterday, however I don't want you to think I helped you only because I wanted to see you naked or even in a bra and panty set. As you learned yesterday, I am a nudist so I love seeing people nude. Here in the office, I have to be careful not to let other executives know of my interests. Remember, I explained there's a difference between men and women. Any allegation, even if it was proven false in the end, could prove to be a career ender. I'm not ready to retire yet."
"AND, we're not ready to do anything that will cause you any harm, either. Connie and I talked last night, about a lot of things. We've both heard stories where some executives take younger females with them to conventions and on business trips to impress a client. Dan, both of us want to offer you, our services. I'm going to be blunt, I'm not saying we want to fuck anyone, but if someone wants to see us nude or in a skimpy bathing suit, we're down for that. So if you want a couple of very discreet young ladies to call upon for extra duties, above and beyond your average worker, we are what you'd be looking for." Taffy added.
"There is no way I would feel right or bring myself to ask either of you to strip naked for a client." I said.
"Dan, please don't confuse our offer with you making us do something that may or may not be questionable. Our offer is from us and not something you're asking us to do. Any actions we take will be merely intentional and in some cases accidental. We're even interested in wearing revealing or provocative clothing without bra or panties if you have to take a client to dinner. Dan, since yesterday, we learned we get very excited showing off our body, partially dressed or nude. We want to use our new interest to help you, like you helped us. As I said, both of us will be very discreet." Taffy said.
Taffy quickly continued with, "I have something I want to show you, if you'll let me."
"Ok, what would you like to show me?" I asked.
Immediately Taffy slipped off her jacket and put it on the chair next to her. Next she started to unbutton her blouse. I said, "Wait a minute Taffy. If you're going to do what I think you're going to do, I want you to know, there'll be no grab and dash if someone else comes into this office."
"What do you mean?" Taffy asked.
"I mean if you are going to take off your clothes and someone comes to see me, I don't want you to grab your clothes and try to dash to some place where you won't be seen. What I'm saying is you'll have to remain in whatever state of undress you are or continue undressing until you are nude but you can't hide any parts of your body. Do you understand what I mean?" I stated.
"Dan, I fully understand what you mean and I agree I won't grab and dash nor will I cover any of my parts if someone comes in here. However, I don't want to get you in trouble either." Taffy said confidently.
I watched as she removed one article of clothes at a time and placed it on the chair near her. Taffy's small titties jiggled as she undressed. Finally, she was only wearing her black thigh high stockings her new shoes and her white silk, French Cut, mid-rise panties that hugged her pussy slit enough to show us a camel toe. Standing directly in front of me, I took note that her wonderful small breasts were topped with light brown areola and small nipples. Taffy stood completely still and let me look at her body until I looked up at her face. Taffy's smile was spread across her face in approval of me openly staring at her lovely body.
Even though I was looking at her face, I could see her cup her titties and squeeze them before she asked me, "Do you like the looks of my "B" sized titties? I love them because they're just big enough to jiggle on my chest but not too big to be cumbersome."
I continued to look into her eyes a few seconds longer before I looked back down. "They're lovely and so perfect for you. I personally love small breasts. Anything more than a mouthful is wasted, my grandfather used to say."
Taffy smiled and said, "I don't mind showing you my titties but I have something else I really want you to see."
She hooked her thumbs into her panties and started pushing them down ... and suddenly there came a knock on my office door.
Taffy's head snapped around and looked first at the door and then back at me. Her panties were at a point where her pussy was almost viewable when she stopped. I looked down and then came the second knock. Finally I said, "Come in."
Kelly opened the door part way and said, "The delivery person is here with your breakfast sir."
Kelly's eyes went wide when she saw Taffy's almost naked body. Suddenly she asked, "Do you want me to pay for the order and bring it in later?"
I held up my hand and said, "No, you can show him in. I'll pay him."
I looked at Taffy and said in a low voice, "This is accidental; now you'll have to decide what you're going to do."
Kelly opened my door wide enough for the delivery person to walk past her and when he stepped into my office he stopped dead in his tracks and looked at Taffy's almost naked body caught midway in pushing her panties down.
I waved for him to come in and with only a second of hesitation, Taffy finished pushing her panties down her legs and held them as she stepped out of them. She placed her panties on the chair with the rest of her clothes and turned to face both me and the delivery person. I looked at her naked body and noticed right away Taffy had shaved or waxed her landing strip and now her pubic area was completely devoid of any hair.
The young delivery person was trying not to look at Taffy but I said, "She looks rather cute in her stockings and pumps, doesn't she?"
He took a quick glance and said, "Yes sir, she's cute alright."
I reached in my pocket and pulled out my money clip before I asked, "How much?"
The young man was definitely nervous and he fumbled with the slip before he said, "The whole order is fifteen dollars and forty five cents. I left the other sandwiches with your secretary."
I looked at the young man and asked, "Son, what kind of tips do you make in a day's time?"
"Sir?" Came his one word question.
"How much do you make in tips each day?"
"It depends on the deliveries and some people don't give tips. So there's no way for me to tell you a dollar amount sir." He responded.
"Son, as you can see, one of these girls has something to show me and you came at a time when it was less convenient. I might have to order breakfast from your place of business again and I do believe in giving tips. However you are receiving a bonus this trip because as you can see, she hasn't covered her body and you can see both her lovely tits and her beautiful bald pussy. Now I wouldn't want anyone else to know what you saw here today. I'm going to give you a tip and request that you don't tell anyone. Is that a fair deal?" I asked.
Nervously the young man nodded his head. So I said, "Go ahead and look at her while I get the money for you."
I saw his eyes drop down Taffy's body and come to rest at her crotch. Taffy surprised me when I saw her instantly part her feet wider giving both the young delivery guy and me a clear, unobstructed view of her delicious looking pussy.
I took my time getting my money out and when I handed it to him, there was a healthy tip included. He looked at his hand and started to reach for change when I simply said, "Keep it, tip is included."
"Thank you sir, thank you so much." He said as he continued to look at Taffy's pussy.
Finally he said, "I have to get going."
"Remember, this is just between us." I cautioned.
"Yes sir, just between us. My name is Dave and I'll come back anytime you need something."
Kelly was waiting by the door and she opened it when the young man got to her, she whispered, "Remember, don't tell anyone."
I heard her add as she watched him scurry across her office, "There's a men's bathroom over there on the left, just down from the elevators."
Kelly asked, "Should I hold all your calls, sir?"
I looked at Taffy and said, "No, if someone comes to see me, call me on the phone and let me know who it is. Other than that, we'll be fine."
I told Taffy to go into my bathroom and get a towel to sit on. When Taffy returned Connie said, "What the hell, if she's going to be naked, I will be too."
I told Connie to go get a towel for herself. When she came back she stripped down to her stockings and shoes before she sat down. Both of them sat in front of me with their legs parted enough so I had an unobstructed view of their pussy.
Taffy was the first to say, "I am so wet from allowing him to see my body, I could jill one out, about now."
"You did much better than I expected you to do Taffy. I thought for sure you would grab your clothes at the last second and dash. I also noticed you either waxed or shaved your landing strip last night. I love a completely bald pussy and both of you fit my preferences." I said.
"That's what I wanted to show you. I normally get waxed because I have such dark hair. It takes longer to grow back in when I get waxed, but last night I shaved it all because I saw both Connie and Beth are bald down there." Taffy replied.
"I hope you don't mind me saying this but I love the view between your legs, it's an excellent view, thank you. Even though I've been a nudist most of my life, I'm always interested in looking at pussy."
"Now let me talk to you about the offers both of you made. I am the first one who will stand up and protect you, but the offers you made, put me in a risky position. I certainly don't want to take advantage of you and make it seem like I am forcing either of you to do something against your will. That's totally against my character, principles and I just won't do that."
"But Dan, you won't be taking advantage of us. We've made our offer as clear as we can. You can see across your desk, both of us are completely naked and if you want to call someone into your office right now, we'll remain seated with our legs spread and your guest will see us, as you are seeing us. Another example would be if we were in a hotel suite and naked, we would stay naked even if you invited a guest into the room for a meeting and we stayed in the room with you. We talked about many scenarios last night and as Taffy told you, we want to do this, especially if it will help you. We will show off our bodies but we'd prefer not to fuck anyone, unless it was you, of course." Connie said in a convincing voice.
I thought for a moment before asking, "What would you do if one or both of your fathers came back to see me right this minute, with the department head they're with?"
Taffy's mouth flew open and she looked at Connie who was also showing shock in her face. I sat and watched them eyeball each other before Taffy turned to me saying, "We didn't think about that one. I know my father would be very upset with me and would most likely rush to cover me up with something. I most certainly would have to answer to a lot of questions. But I could honestly tell him I was not fucking the boss, to get ahead. I want a long career in this company and I want to work for it. I don't see any problem using all of my assets such as my brain and my body to contribute to the team effort. I want to advance in this company but I promise you, I'm not going to fuck anyone to make that happen."
"My father would be very upset also but I agree with Taffy, all of us have to contribute something to advance, whether it's working late or taking on extra duties. I'm not going to use sex either, to climb that ladder." Connie added. "But there wouldn't be any way to change the image he would see of me. I am willing to take that chance and I'll remain completely naked and sit here with my legs spread so he would see my completely naked body. I would not allow him to cover me with anything. I would tell him that although the view might look daunting, with me being naked in here with you, it was completely my idea. I too would be honestly able to tell him I'm not having sex with you. I also want a long career with this company."
"There's a right and wrong time to be naked so both of you would have to learn the difference, if I were to consider your offers. I wouldn't want either of you to flaunt your young body in front of certain people. That could be a business deal gone badly. However, there are some people who would appreciate the view I have presently."
"If I were to take you on a trip, we would have accommodations with connecting suites or in some cases multiple bedroom suites. There would be no privacy for any of us, even in the bathrooms. Is that something you could deal with?" I asked.
"What exactly do you mean?" Taffy questioned.
"Since both of you have signed a non-disclosure/confidentiality statement for me, I won't beat around the bush. I mean, at my home, we have an open door policy. We even use the bathroom together. I have been known to wipe both my wife and daughter's pussy when they finish peeing. They have held my cock for me when I'm peeing. They love to make bubbles in the water with my pee. You might as well know that Beth lives with me and my family. So when we travel, we share a suite as both or one of you would do, if you went on a trip with us. When we are in our suite, we are always nude. Therefore we would see each other nude and you're likely to see me enjoying sex, since we don't close any doors."
"Finally, when we are on the road, there are no business hours. In other words the morning might start at eight or nine and go straight through until midnight. There is no way the company will allow me to pay either of you an hourly rate with overtime for road trips. However there would be a salary adjustment in your next pay check. So after hearing all of this, are both of you sure you'd like to travel and do the things you offered to do?"
It took several seconds before Taffy spoke but when she did, she said, "Dan are you serious? Do the males and females in your house go into the bathroom at the same time and not close the door?"
I laughed and said, "Yes Taffy. We have nothing to hide."
"But ... but ... what about when the females have their period, do you still go in with them? Don't they demand privacy during that time of the month?" Connie inquired.
"No there is no privacy in our home. Right now all of the females in my home are on the Depo-Provera birth control shot so they don't get their periods. When they go off the shot, they'll start getting it again, however that doesn't matter, I can change a tampon as good as they can."
"EEEEEwwwwwwwwww!" Both girls exclaimed. Taffy asked, "You've changed a tampon for your wife? Guys don't do that!"
"And my daughter's tampon, as well. Yes, this is one guy who is involved with all facets of my family's life. I know everything about them and they know everything about me. That's the way it is in our home." I said rather proudly.
"HOLY SHIT! I'M SLOW TODAY! You said you've changed your daughter's tampon too? Does your daughter stay nude, around you, in your home also?"
"Yes, my daughter Jenna was raised as a nudist; she's a very beautiful young lady. Yes, I've changed her tampon. It's no big deal."
"But ... That means ... You touched your daughter's pussy. Holy shit, I can't believe it." Taffy said.
"Jenna's pussy isn't any different than your pussy or any other female's pussy."
"But she's your daughter. Wasn't that way too weird?"
"No, there's nothing wrong with our family's loving and giving lifestyle. We show our love for each other in a little different way than other families. That doesn't mean our lifestyle is wrong or weird. I will defend my family's lifestyle because of the love and respect we have for each other."
"I suspect you would defend your family, after I saw what you did to Bart yesterday. You know Dan, I'm feeling much more comfortable sitting here completely naked, talking to you. We've been naked for a while and you have not attempted to grab any of our body parts or even fuck us. You are the type of man I would want to marry someday. I hope I can find someone to love and share my life with, who shares the same views as you do." Taffy said.
"How do you start being a nudist?" Connie asked.
"Well, the obvious first step would be to take off your clothes and stay nude. I don't know anything about your families other than it seems each of your families pull together during hard times. I think it's wonderful each family is close enough where those who can work, help pay the household bills. That alone is special and I applaud each of you for doing that. I'm going to make sure each of you and your father will get enough hours so you can catch up on your back household bills and get ahead."
"But let me get back to your question. Our home is a nudist home. When we get home we undress and stay that way until we have to leave again. So depending on how your family is structured, you may or may not have that same openness."
"My family has seen me in my bra and panties but that's about the limit. I've never thought of being nude in the other rooms of our house except the bathroom and my bedroom." Taffy stated when I paused.
"Being nude in the other rooms of your home is no different than you sitting here completely nude. The normal routine activities in your homes and everyone else's are the same in my home; the only difference is we are all nude, when we do those normal things. The only other thing you might not do when you are at home is sit with your legs open like they are now. That is, unless you want other family members to view your delicious looking pussy."
"I can't tell you what to do in your individual homes because I don't know your families or how you were raised. However, I have seen girls wear only a tee shirt with panties on under it or no panties at all. That gives them the freedom to show a little and get others in the house used to seeing more than what's normally displayed. It also allows one to be in the room with other family members being less than fully dressed. Being that the tee shirt won't be that long in the first place, raising one's arms or sitting will raise the hem and give others a peek of the goods that the tee shirt is intended to cover. Finally, a tee shirt worn without anything under it will give you the opportunity to lift the hem as high as you want and expose as much of your body as you want and still be able to cover up again, if someone comes into the room."
"One other thing I'm positive you already know about is, bending over. If you were to wear a tee shirt with nothing under it and bend over in front of a family member, they would most certainly enjoy a view of your charms."
Taffy said, "I think I'm going to start wearing only a tee shirt around the house when I'm home."
"But what happens when someone comes to visit you at your house." Connie asked.
"When we are at home, we are nude. If someone comes to visit us, they have three choices. The first being, they can come in and sit down and remain completely dressed. The second choice is, they can come in and take off their clothes and be comfortable, or for the third choice, they can leave. It's as simple as that. We don't care who it is, we aren't going to get dressed."
"Are you saying that people who come to your home see you, your wife and your daughter naked?" Taffy asked with a tone of surprise in her voice.
"The simple answer to that question is yes. They also see all the other people who live in our home. Let me clarify something. On rare occasions, certain business activities take place at our home. On some of those occasions we wear a robe or shorts and a shirt. Our clothes would be minimal and they would serve for the comfort of say, some police officers taking a report, or a lawyer doing a contract. Our clothes are forbusinessonly at our home. Otherwise all of us are nude all the time. I am only telling both of you this information because you asked and I've heard you say you will keep our conversations in the strictest of confidence."
"Yes sir, I will never divulge anything we speak about to anyone other than those present. I have some faults but I want you to know you can trust me." Taffy was quick to add.
Connie also added, "Dan, I want to work with you and I want you to know you can trust me as well. I believe Aristotle is the one who declared a virtuous person as someone who has ideal character traits. I'd like to believe myself to be a combination of ethical, moral and virtuous."
This time is was Taffy's turn to say, "I can't add anything to what Connie said. We are like two peas in a pod. Dan, we had a real eye opener yesterday and Connie and I want to seize the opportunity to not only show you what we can do but we want to earn your trust at the same time. It is important to us because it's not every day the big boss gets involved in the lives of the little people."
"I appreciate your re-assurance our conversations will be held in the strictest of confidence." I replied.
Taffy started to giggle as she said; "Besides none of our friends would ever believe we sat in front of you completely naked with our legs spread and you as a man never attempted to touch us. They'd call us liars and that would piss me off. I'd probably get into trouble."
I looked at Connie saying, "To get back to your original question, you can go online and look up "American Association of Nude Recreation." (AANR) Since many females are shy about being seen nude, they have a FAQ page to answer your questions. If you don't find the answer you're looking for, you can always ask me since I've been a nudist for a long time. If you'd like to try nudism in a small family setting, both of you could stay overnight in my home sometime."
"I have a trip coming up this afternoon through Monday and I'll be back in the office on Tuesday morning. If both of you are truly interested in the nudist lifestyle, I'll invite you to stay over so you can experience what it's like to live nude."
"WOW, you'd let us come to your home?" Taffy exclaimed.
"Yes, I am giving you an invitation to come to my home. However, I want you to remember we have an open door policy so you may witness sexual activity which isn't part of the nudist lifestyle. However, it is part of human nature to enjoy healthy sexual activity. We don't filter anything in our home. I want to also tell you, anyone old enough to consent to sexual activity, can have sex in my home. I will NOT however, allow anyone to be coerced into having sex."
"Ok, let's get back to your offer. If both of you are serious about your offer and are willing to do what you described earlier, without any prompting from me, I'd like to give you an opportunity to see if that's what both of you want to do. I'm not sure taking both of you on the same trip would be beneficial unless we went to a convention type setting, so how would you go about deciding which one of you would be ... let's say ... willing to go first?"
Taffy looked at Connie before she looked back at me and said, "We can draw straws for the first time out and then alternate after that."
"That sounds like a wonderful idea. Taffy and I share everything, so no matter which one of us goes first; we'll end up talking on the phone after the trip. Dan, we are committed to our offer; otherwise we would not have made it. We will do anything to help you, except have sex with a client." Connie stated.
"I'm repeating myself but I can't overemphasize this enough. I won't ask either of you to strip or have sex with anyone. I'm actually a little overwhelmed that both of you are sitting in my office, completely naked, while I'm enjoying looking at your bodies. I love what I see and I'm positive others will also." I said.
"Ok, when we get back from our trip, Beth and I will take you shopping again. This time we'll purchase some evening wear. I'll buy both of you some clothes which, let's say, will allow certain parts of your body to be more visible, especially if you were to move or sit in a certain way. Sometimes we end up back in our suite to talk business and that would be a time for you to get comfortable, if you know what I mean. You'll even have a couple of negligees to choose from if you were to decide against being nude."
"The clothes I just referred to, I'd rather you kept those clothes in Beth's or my closet here in the office rather than at your home. I don't want anyone in your home to get the wrong idea. I want you to realize you will be showing parts, if not all of your body, but no one will ever touch you if you don't want them to."
"You will need your business suits for daytime business hours but I might ask you to forgo your bra or panties and sometimes even both. If I've said anything that is outside of your offer, let me know."
Taffy quickly said, "Dan, if you ever get to the point where you ask me to strip completely naked, I'm ready to do that for you, anytime or anyplace. I trust you to protect me. All you have to do is ask. But at the same time, for now at least, I understand I will have to take the lead and wear provocative clothes on my own. I know the difference between dressing to please and dressing slutty. Neither of us will ever dress slutty. I'm positive you can give me a gentle hint what you want without asking me to do something directly."
"I'd love to get a Depo-Provera birth control shot so I didn't have to worry about when my period will come each month. It would make traveling much easier. Right now I'm on birth control pills and I have my period for six days each month."
Taffy stopped talking and the look of shock enveloped her face as she exclaimed, "OH MY GOD!"
Taffy's hands flew up and covered her face and after a few seconds she said, "I suddenly realized I'm sitting here talking about my period with not only my boss but the CEO of the company. I'm so fucking sorry if I've grossed you out Dan."
I smiled at Taffy and said, "Don't worry, I am very familiar with a female menstrual cycle and I'm not grossed out by it. It's part of nature and please remember, I've changed tampons before."
"Are you for real? Even my father doesn't want to hear about mom and I having our periods. He's the one who says it's gross." Taffy added.
"It takes a week or so for the shot to take effect so you'll have to make an appointment with your gynecologist soon and get the shot." I advised.
"Ummm ... oops." Taffy stopped and looked at Connie, "Dad lost his insurance when he was laid off. I won't be able to go until my next check."
"That goes for me too!" Connie quickly added.
I pushed the button on my desk for Beth. When she opened my door she looked at both girls sitting in front of me with their legs spread and completely naked. She walked over to my desk and said, "Both of you look lovely this morning. Taffy I see you joined the bald beavers club. It looks great."
Taffy asked, "What's a bald beaver club?"
Beth giggled and said, "That's a little before your time. Truck drivers used to have Citizen Band (CB) radios and they used to call our pussy a beaver. So a bald beaver is a bald pussy."
I turned to Beth and said, "The girls have made me a very interesting offer. I am seriously considering taking at least one, maybe both of them with us when we go on that four day trip we have coming up. Both of them have expressed they aren't interested in having sex but they are willing to be caught partially or completely naked and will remain that way no matter who sees them. They have also expressed an interest in wearing revealing clothes, such as evening wear."
"Before I go any further, girls I'd like to know if you will wear the clothes I choose for you and in the way I choose to have you wear them?"
"What do you mean?" Connie inquired.
"A perfect example would be I may ask you wear a white blouse without a bra and the top four buttons undone. Or I may ask you wear a sheer bra and only your suit jacket without a blouse. I may or may not unbutton your jacket or leave only the bottom button buttoned. In our suite, I might choose to have you wear a sheer negligee in case we have guests. That's only a couple of quick examples."
"And while wearing the clothes you choose for us, you'd like for us to stand or sit in a position which would likely cause the exposure of our assets, but not in a slutty way, correct?" Taffy asked.
"Yes, that's correct. I remember the way you phrased your offer." I replied.
"I'm in." Taffy said.
"I'm in." Connie added.
"Beth, both of these girls are on birth control pills however they want to get a Depo-Provera shot. They don't have insurance so it's difficult for them to get the shot. Would you be so kind as to call your gynecologist and see if we can get them right in today so the shot will have a chance to work before we have to take that other trip. Getting the shot doesn't mean they are willing to have sex with anyone, they are getting it so they won't have their period."
"I have her number on my cell phone, let me go get it." Beth replied.
I looked at both girls and said, "I have some work to do, I'm not sure what Beth has in store for you but if you remain in my office like that, you'll be seen for sure. I have an appointment for lunch today but I want you to see me before you go home."
Both girls stood up and started to put on their panties when I asked, "Will both of you leave your panties here on my desk until this afternoon."
Without hesitation both girls handed me their panties. Before I placed them on my desk, I held each pair up to my face and inhaled deeply. Both girls looked at each other and then back at me. After a few moments, I placed them on the right side of my desk.
Beth came back into my office while she was talking on her cell phone and she looked directly at me before turning to Taffy and Connie repeating what she heard, "All you have is an appointment for three thirty. Yes, I'd like to fill that time slot with Taffy Davis and Connie Swensen. Yes, both of them want to get a Depo-Provera shot. Yes, I believe both of them are on birth control pills currently. Ok, we'll see you at three thirty."
"Beth, call Joe and have him bring the car around to the front entrance at three o'clock. Here take this card and put it in your wallet. You can escort them to your doctor and pay for their visit and the cost of the shot for each of them." I said.
Taffy immediately said, "Thank you Dan. I'll make sure you're re-paid for your generosity."
Connie agreed with Taffy.
Both of them finished dressing and I asked Beth if she would take the girls to the secretary she was going to place them with. I reminded both girls to come back to Beth's office at three o'clock.
I called Kelly and asked her to call Jerry Wilber and have him to come to my office immediately. I also asked Kelly to call the security office and have the chief of security call me. While I was waiting I opened my breakfast and started eating. My cold coffee did a half assed job of washing down my cold scrambled egg and cheese on a hard roll.
When my phone rang I picked it up and spoke with the head of security. I told him there would be a helicopter landing on our front lawn to pick me up at 11:30 am. I asked him to send a detail out there to keep the area clear from 11:00 and until we left. I told him we'd be gone for a couple of hours and then return by helicopter and I'd call him to let him know what time we'd return so he could clear the area. I also informed him Police Sergeant Ted Johnson would arrive shortly before 11:30 and he would be going with me. I thanked him for his assistance and hung up my phone.
I had just finished swallowing the last bite of my sandwich when my phone rang. Kelly let me know Jerry was in her office. "Please come in with him." I said.
I stood up and Kelly opened the door and motioned for Jerry to enter. She followed Jerry into my office. While I was shaking hands with him, she walked past us and sat down in the chair Beth normally sat in when I had someone in my office. Jerry congratulated me on my newest promotion even though he had congratulated me before.
"Jerry ...," I started, "I don't want to give you a complex or anything but you and I have worked together for many years. You were promoted to my old position when I was promoted to CEO. Now my new title is CEO/Chairman of the Board so you can't fill my old position for a second time. However, I need to create a second in command position and I don't know what I'm going to call it yet. I'll be on the road a lot so I need someone who I can trust and depend on, to carry on, as if I were here."
Unlike when Tom Banks brought me to his office to talk, I turned one of the chairs in front of my desk and sat down facing Jerry. For the next hour, Jerry and I talked business. At the end I told Jerry I was going to talk to the board members and I would get back with him as soon as possible.
Jerry stood up and shook my hand and said, "I'd appreciate the chance Dan. I know I can do a great job for you. Oh and I found a secretary who is my gal Friday. She's right on top of things and if you promote me, I'd love to bring her along with me."
"I know what you mean Jerry. I now have two top of the line secretaries working for me. I wouldn't want to part with either one."
"Kelly will you please show Jerry out and then come back." I said.
***************************
Back at the Morrison's house, the morning was progressing well. Debbie and Ashley showed up to clean the house and Bill came to the house to clean the pool and hot tub. But before anyone started to work they all sat down and had some coffee.
Almost immediately after they were all seated, Tony, Patty, Beth and Barbie walked into the kitchen thru the sliding glass doors. Terri jumped up and said, "Have a seat, I'll make some more coffee."
"Nonsense!" Patty quickly said, "I'll make the coffee, you stay seated and I'll bring in the extra coffee to warm up everyone's cup."
Tony pulled some towels out of the cabinet and handed a couple to his sisters and then he wandered into the dining room and shook hands with Bill and hugged those who stood up for a hug before he took a seat beside Bill.
Shelly stood up and said, "I'll be right back, I have something for each of you, I picked up in Germany.
Suddenly there was a rush of people getting up and leaving the table. When they returned, each one of them had a bag with them. Shelly looked around and said, "Since I started this, I'll go first, the rest of you can decide whose next."
Everyone laughed and Shelly handed a souvenir to each one of the people who had not gone to Germany. After each person unwrapped or unboxed the item they received from Shelly, the room filled with "thank you." This continued until everyone who went to Germany had presented their gift to each person who stayed behind. There were plenty of hugs and kisses going around the table.
Soon everyone got up and those who came to work went to work. Terri asked Mary, "Can we take a walk out by the waterfall? That's so peaceful and I really enjoy going out there."
"I'd love to take a walk out there also." Hanna said.
Mary and Shelly agreed to go for a walk with Terri and Hanna while Marion said, "Go ahead, I'll keep track of the phone and the gate for you."
Mary and Shelly went upstairs and put their service weapon in a cloth bag and came back down wearing only their sandals. Terri and Hanna dashed upstairs and slipped on some flip flops before then returned to the dining room. Each one of the girls grabbed a bottle of water and a towel from the cabinet before they walked down the steps of the deck.
The four nude bronzed beauties strolled slowly across the back yard of the Morrison's estate with Terri doing the most talking. What she was saying was irrelevant but she garnered giggles and laughs from the others.
When they reached the trail that led through the woods, Mary immediately started looking around to see if she could spot someone on the security detail. She knew they were out there and watching. In her mind she wondered what they must be thinking, seeing four naked females walking along, not covering their body. She thought the guys must be rock hard and want to jerk off, but couldn't because they'd give themselves away.
They reached the small pond with the waterfall within a few minutes and the sun was shining through the trees and a beam was focused on the waterfall. All four of them stopped and stood still, not talking but enjoying the only sound of splashing water. Finally Terri said, "This place can make me feel like I'm on top of the world without any worries."
The four of them spread their towels out on the ground and slipped off their sandals. Terri stepped carefully into the water, followed closely by Hanna and Shelly. Mary watched them but at the same time she was looking around trying to see if someone had followed them to the pond. Mary's concentration was broken by the squealing of the three girls in the water. Terri called for Mary to catch up to them in waist deep water. She tested the water with her toe before she said, "That water is cold. Are you guys crazy?"
"Not exactly," Terri said, "I wanted to come out here for the peace and quiet."
Shelly started laughing, "Terri, you talked all the while we were walking and you're still doing a fair job."
"Ok ...," Terri said, "I'm guilty but you have to admit this is a wonderful place. There's just something about this waterfall and the pool that draws me to it."
"I agree with Terri." Hanna said, "This place, not far from the house, has a mystical setting. There's something about this place that makes me feel safe. I'm glad Dan bought all the surrounding property so we don't have to worry about anyone invading our privacy."
All four girls swam to the bottom of the waterfall and found a sizable rock. Each of them was able to claim a spot on which to park their ass. However, their tops remained above water level. For them to remain seated, they had to put their arms around each other. The sound of the waterfall flushed all their worries as they enjoyed the spray and plenty of giggles. The sun warmed their bodies so no one was in a hurry to move.
They alternated between swimming and sitting in the sun. Terri finally looked at her hands and saw they were white and wrinkly so she said she was going to go lay down on her towel for a little while. Everyone followed her across the small pond and all of them climbed out together.
They used their towels to dry off and then spread them out on the ground. Each one sat down and then lay down and stretched out. All four of them lay together with their arms at their sides and their legs slightly spread, with their eyes closed. They talked quietly until Hanna said, "Hey listen. Stop talking for a few minutes and just listen to the quietness and the sounds of the animals around us."
Shelly suddenly got a case of the giggles and it was so contagious, soon all four girls were giggling and no one even knew why. The four of them were a scene of tranquility.
***************************
Over at the White's house the morning started off as normal with Ken going to work and Amy, Angela, Brian and Andy eating breakfast together.
Brian asked, "Mom do you think we could go over to the Morrison's house today?"
Amy picked up the phone and called the Morrison's house. Marion picked it up on the second ring saying, "The Morrison's residence, Marion speaking, how may I help you."
"Hi Marion," Amy began, "Is Shelly there?"
"No she's out in the back by the waterfall with Terri, Hanna and Mary." Marion replied.
"Oh damn, I was calling to ask Shelly if it would be alright for me and the kids to come over and see her today."
"I don't see any reason why you can't come over if you want to. If she's not back when you get here, you can always walk out there where they are." Marion said.
"Thank you Marion I appreciate the offer but she is working and I don't want to disrupt her. We'll wait for another time. Please have Shelly give me a call when she gets back." Amy said.
***************************
The few moments that Kelly was out of my office I sat down at my computer and sent a memo to the Board Members about Jerry Wilber, requesting immediate action to approve him as my second in command, a title to be determined.
When Kelly returned to my office, I informed her that Beth and I would be gone for approximately two hours during lunch.
"Is the other secretary at your desk now?" I asked Kelly.
"Yes Sir," Kelly replied, "I've had her sign all the necessary paperwork and since she was a runner up for the job you gave me, she has already been certified. Would you like to talk with her?"
"Yes, please bring her in so we can get acquainted." I replied.
Kelly walked out of my office and left the door ajar for the few seconds she was gone. When she returned she knocked softly and walked in with another woman who I remember seeing before but I didn't remember her name. I stood up and walked around my desk to greet them and Kelly said, "Sir, I'd like to introduce you to Allison Fields. She is going to fill in for me when I travel with you or I am away from my desk."
I shook hands with Allison and asked her to have a seat. I walked around behind my desk and sat down before I asked Allison if she wanted anything to drink.
"No sir," she said as she smiled a pretty white toothy smile, "I've had enough coffee this morning to float a ship. If I drink any more, I'll have to make a side trip."
Kelly sat down at the end of my desk where Beth normally sits and opened her pad. I leaned back in my chair and asked, "Allison, please tell me about yourself."
"What would you like to know sir?" Allison said coyly.
"Whatever you feel is important for me to know. You'll be working closely with Ms. Thompson and Ms. Jones and I'm positive they've already asked you about your background and about what you've done while working with our company. So basically you can start anywhere you want."
"Has Ms. Fields signed a non-disclosure/confidentiality statement yet?" I asked while looking at Kelly.
"Yes sir," Kelly responded, "We had her sign that almost immediately."
"So Allison," I said, "You can relax, although, I'm the top executive for our company, I was working in one of the departments, when I first started here. I worked my way up from the bottom so I know what it's like to be on that side of the desk."
Allison visibly took a deep breath before she said, "I've been with the company for ten years and although I love my job, this is the first time I've been considered for advancement. I applied for the position that Kelly holds. Kelly I don't mean to offend you."
"No problem," Kelly injected.
"I truly appreciate this opportunity," Allison stated, "All I want is the opportunity to show I have what it takes to do the job, even if it is only part time."
"Kelly will you please have a copy of Allison's annual evaluations sent up to me immediately." I said as I looked at Kelly.
Kelly excused herself and was out of the room for only a couple of minutes. When she returned she told me a courier would bring the reports up, in a few minutes. She also informed me she told them to have the courier knock on my door when he or she arrived.
For the next ten minutes or so, Allison and I discussed her qualifications and where she went to school. I was well satisfied with all her answers.
When the knock on my door sounded Kelly quickly walked to the door and took the sealed envelope from the courier and thanked him. She handed me the envelope on the way back to her seat. I opened the envelope and read the evaluation reports. Every one of the evaluations listed Allison as a valued employee. According to the evaluations she was always on time, she didn't take off an excessive amount of time and her immediately supervisor listed her as a hard worker.
I put the reports down on my desk and looked at Allison before I said, "Your evaluation reports show you to be an exemplary employee. Can you think of any reason why you've never been considered for a promotion?"
"Sir, I've worked hard for this company, I'm always on time and it should reflect that I don't abuse my time by taking a lot of time off. I would like to advance; I've always taken on the extra work because it needed to be done. I want you to understand, I'm not complaining, but you asked, and I see my chance to plead my case. I can and will do whatever is required of me, no matter what it takes. And, I'd like you to know, I am part of a larger team, so I'd like to be considered as such."
"Allison," I said after a pause, "I want employees who can work as part of a team. Someone who is willing to go the extra mile and do whatever it takes to get the job done. When I first came to work here, I came in early and stayed late. My supervisor recognized my commitment and that's the reason I'm sitting in this chair today. The reason I'm telling you this is because I would like for you to remain committed to your job and always do the best you can. I'll look into why you've never been promoted but at the same time I can't promise you anything. I will inform Beth that I want you to be compensated for your work at this higher level. Also I'll let her know that you will be the one who will fill in when Beth and Kelly are involved with other business."
I looked at Kelly and asked her to call Jerry Wilber on my phone and ask him to come back to my office for a few minutes. We were quiet while Kelly made the call and when she hung up she said, "He'll be right here."
A couple of minutes later Jerry knocked on my door and I said, "Come in."
Jerry came in and I motioned for him to have a seat next to Allison. I made the introductions so everyone knew each other's name. I informed Jerry I had submitted his name to the board. I told him since I would be away on Friday and Monday I informed him Allison would be filling in for Kelly. Jerry and Allison shook hands and greeted each other warmly.
I explained to both of them if anything major happened, I wanted to be notified immediately. I explained to Jerry he would be able to make decisions based on need only. I also told him when I returned we would have an executive meeting with the board and make a formal announcement.
I informed Jerry I would be in contact with Allison daily so he should keep her updated on everything so she will have the information to pass along to me and I would give her any information to pass on to him. Both Jerry and Allison agreed they would share information. I also informed Allison I wanted our offices locked while we were away and that no one should have any reason to enter them.
We talked for another ten minutes before Jerry left my office. I looked at Allison and saw her take a couple deep breaths and compose herself, before she finally said, "Thank you sir, I'll do the best I can and I hope you'll call upon me often. I'll do whatever job you have for me."
"I appreciate your commitment and I'll look forward to working with you in the future. I have some other work I have to get done so if you'll excuse me." I said in a business-like manner.
Both Kelly and Allison stood up and walked out of my office. For the next hour and a half, I stayed busy by making some important phone calls and I sent a few emails and inter-office memos. Soon Beth came into my office and told me it was eleven fifteen and we had to leave soon. I finished up what I was doing quickly. I stood up and reached for my jacket before I remembered, Mike said our lunch was going to be business casual. I left my jacket on the hanger and turned to Beth saying, "OK, I'm ready."
We left my office and when we reached Kelly's office I stopped and said, "Kelly, I want you to take Allison out to lunch and you can talk about secretarial duties over lunch. Use one of the company credit cards. You can call Joe and have him come and pick you up. Don't be gone too long but have a nice lunch. We'll be back in a couple of hours."
Beth quickly added, "Please make sure you pay for Joe's lunch also."
Kelly smiled and winked at Beth before saying, "Thank you Dan, I know a very nice place to go and have lunch."
Beth and I took the elevator down to the first floor and as we started walking towards the front doors the head of security walked over to us saying, "I've secured the area like you asked sir, and Sergeant Johnson has already arrived and he's waiting outside for you."
Beth and I walked out of the building and in the distance I could hear a helicopter. We walked over to the shade where Ted, Marion and Kim stood. Kim turned and hugged me like it'd been a long time since she had seen me. Soon the helicopter was hovering over the landing area and descending slowly to the ground. The head of our security walked up behind me and tapped me on the shoulder, I turned my head in his direction and he immediately shouted, "Have a safe trip sir."
I smiled and nodded my head at him since the hovering helicopter's noise got louder as it got closer to the ground. I looked at the pilot and co-pilot and saw the pilot signal for us the walk forward to the helicopter. The co-pilot jumped out and opened the side door for us. As we walked forward, Beth and Kim learned at the same time they needed to hold their skirt down. Everyone standing near the landing zone was treated to a few moments view of Kim and Beth's thigh high stockings and panties when their skirt was blown up around their waist. Both of them tried to push their skirt down but it didn't happen without a struggle.
We climbed into the helicopter and Mike told us to fasten our seat belt. He stood by and waited, then slid the door shut. He climbed back into the co-pilot seat and fastened his seat belt and put his head phones back on. Joanna was smiling broadly at us as we started to lift off. Kim and Beth were on either side of me and both of them squeezed my hand very tightly as we rose above my office building. Once we were up the pilot seemed to dip the nose of the helicopter and we started moving forward.
Mike turned his head and said, "On the way back, we can leave the side doors open so you can see what we're flying over much better. I didn't want to scare any of you on your first time up, that's why I closed them."
I looked at Kim and then at Beth and both of them had a certain amount of concern showing in their faces. I smiled and asked each one, "Are you alright?" Both of them nodded their head but neither of them was smiling. Both Beth and Kim maintained such a tight squeeze on my hands that when I looked at my fingers I noticed they were turning white. I tried to look out the window but my view was limited. Kim and Beth, I noticed, had their eyes closed.
I looked around and saw Marion had a tight grip on Ted's hand and she had her eyes squeezed tightly shut also.
The helicopter turned to a direction that I knew would take us towards my home. The flight was smooth, and we had a chance to see the countryside from a new and exciting view. As I relaxed more I noticed that Beth and Kim were also relaxing. My hands started to get the circulation back and returned to a more normal color.
The pilot slowed down and swooped quite low over our house. Tony was in the yard, and waved at us. I didn't know if he knew who we were, but we were close enough he just gave us a friendly wave.
Next the pilot took a gentle left turn and went over the ranch across the street. Mike turned around again and told us we would see more of that later. My curiosity was piqued, as the helicopter made a gentle turn to the right and flew up the road a few miles. The pilot slowed and brought the helicopter to a stop above a place I now recognized as what I thought was a sleazy biker bar.
As the helicopter intentionally lost altitude, I could see that the parking lot had a couple dozen motorcycles in the front of the building, and mostly pickup trucks in the parking spaces. There were a few SUVs and even fewer cars. Every vehicle I saw looked like it was either new or at least well maintained.
The helipad where we landed had three other helicopters sitting on it. One of them looked like what I'd seen in the war movies and I think they call them a Huey. One was obviously a gunship. That thing looked fearsome, just sitting on the ground. The last one was similar to the Huey, but it was painted with a shiny blue and gold paint scheme. It looked like a twin to the helicopter we were riding in. There was a logo behind the back door with the words "Turner Security" under it. I'd seen that logo, and I'd heard of the Turner Security company.
The pilot spent a couple minutes going through a routine of turning switches and checking gauges as she shut down the engines. I had noticed that the pilot was a woman with long red hair, but that was all I could tell, because she was wearing a flight suit and a helmet.
When we had loaded up at my office, Mike had put on a headset with a boom microphone on it and I could see and hear brief portions of his conversations with the pilot. Her replies were muffled by her flight helmet.
We sat in the helicopter for a couple minutes. When the pilot finished her shutdown routine, Mike took off his headset, opened his door, and got out to open the back door on his side.
The pilot took off her helmet and shook out her long hair. We didn't get a good look at her till she got out and opened the other side door. I was immediately struck by her beauty. She was as pretty as Terri and looked a little like Martina McBride with red hair. If you put her and Terri together with a good fashion photographer, you could do a photo layout for any glamour magazine, or maybe a Sports Illustrated swimming suit edition
Beth turned and looked at me, and Kim squeezed my hand as she looked at the gorgeous pilot. She couldn't help herself as she turned towards Mike and blurted out, "Oh My God Mike! Your pilot is beautiful!"
Both Mike and the pilot laughed and the pilot said, "Why thank you ma'am. That's the nicest thing you've ever said to me."
Now Joanna joined Mike and the pilot's laughter. She looked at us and said, "What's the matter? Didn't you think a helicopter pilot could hear and speak? Or are you just surprised that she looks like a woman? Pilots don't have to be ugly old men, you know?
Ted was first to gather his composure. "Judy?" he said with more than a little surprise in his voice. "Is that you with a different mask? I know you told us you could be someone different each time we saw you, but My God, you sure put on a change of scenery today."
Kim had recovered enough to talk by now. "I'd recognize that voice anywhere, but that's a great disguise, girl. Can I get your mask maker to work one of those up for me?"
Judy laughed. "Kim, I can ask Jesse to make you a disguise, but this one is reserved. My fianc told me this one is his favorite, and I don't want him to have to make a choice between you and me."
Mike interrupted the conversation. "I hate to put a wet blanket on your conspiracy, but would y'all like to get out of the helicopter and follow me into the restaurant?"
"Oh yeah," Kim responded. "That might be a good idea"
Mike and Judy gave each of us a hand as we stepped out of the helicopter. Mike led the way over to a set of double doors. They were mammoth slabs of solid wood, and the finish was beautiful.
Mike saw me do an extended look at the doors. "If you like those doors, Dan, wait till you see the bar."
Again my curiosity was aroused. "What is so special about the bar?" I asked.
"Just walk in and feast your eyes." Mike replied. He stood and held the door for all of us to enter.
I stopped at the doors and stepped aside for the ladies and Ted to walk in first. I followed them and Mike followed me as he let the big door close behind us.
I walked in and straight over to the bar. "Holy shit Mike, now I get it." I put my hand on top of the shiny wooden top. It was a forty foot long piece of wood six inches thick, and I could see a return about eight feet long on the far end.
A tall pretty woman walked briskly over to speak to Mike. "Your conference room is ready for you Marsh." She greeted him.
Mike put his hand on her shoulder. "Ginny," he said. "I'd like you to meet my neighbors, from across the street from the ranch. This is Dan Morrison, his wife Kim and his executive secretary Beth. Over there is his friend Sargent Ted Johnson and Ted's wife Marion. Last but not least, hopefully one of our new employees, Joanna Doyle. They all get the family treatment if and when they come back. Ted and Joanna are currently employed by the group that has been persona non grata around here; however they are welcome here any time."
"I'm glad to meet all of you," Ginny said. "I'm Virginia Hastings, but I prefer Ginny. I hope you have an enjoyable lunch." She turned and led the way across the room and turned down the hallway to the right, stopping at an open door, and ushering us into a nicely set conference table inside.
Mike and Ginny had a short hushed conversation. Finally she spoke out loud, "Whenever you're ready, boss man."
Ginny stepped out of the room and Mike came over to the table. He chose to stand behind the chair at the end of the table. Judy had chosen to sit at the end of the side of the table to Mike's right. Joanna sat beside her. Ted and Marion sat next to Joanna. Kim, Beth and I sat on the side to Mike's left.
Mike remained standing until all of us were seated. He took a deep breath and looked at Judy. "Do you think we're ready for this, sweetheart? He asked her.
"As ready as we're ever gonna be," she answered him.
Mike pulled out his chair and sat down.
"Dan, I need to clear up a couple of details. Last night was the first time any of you met me. I am new to this geographical area. I was imported from Southern California to take over a group of businesses known as the Turner Companies. I was completely ignorant of the situation you have been through, till last week. My current partner was the driving force behind what happened at the show you saw a few weeks ago, and he and his granddaughter have been in charge of the security detail that you have been learning about in the last couple of days."
"This morning during our run I told Joanna the things I'm about to share with you. I asked her to come to lunch with us to help the rest of you work with the new facts."
"You already know my real name is not Mike. My mother named me Marshall Edgar Mitchel. I go by Marsh. I saw the look on your face, Beth, when you heard Ginny call me Marsh when she met us at the door. Ginny doesn't know that I've ever been "Mike", and if y'all can make the switch, I'd like it if you start using my real name, - Marsh. Unlike my pilot, I was not using a disguise when you met me. This is the real me. What you've seen is who I am."
"The beautiful red-head to my right is not Judy. This is the love of my life. She has been the chief pilot for the Turner Companies, and has developed a reputation in the shady underworld of mercenaries. She has been nicknamed, The Flaming Red Widow Maker. Please meet my fianc, and executive vice president of the Turner Companies, Rebecca Andrews. She usually goes by Becca, and between the two of us, I did more of the destruction to your kitchen than she did. The blood pools were mostly from the intruders, but Kim was correct last night. One of them managed to get a blade on me, so there was a little of mine there. I really appreciate Joanna and the rest of your crew cleaning up after us. Part of my team carried me from your pond to the mobile ER, out on the road where my partner started the patch job. And just to clarify Becca is not wearing a disguise this morning. She's the real deal and Kim if you want a disguise we'll make you one but I'm keeping the original. Well, I guess I'll share the original with my neighbors."
"The Turner Companies include a rather significant group of mercenaries, providing security services to companies and a few small countries around the world. Please understand that I had nothing to do with establishing any of these companies. I'm a simple emergency room doctor that got caught up in a unique new field of medicine, and ended up attracting the attention of the founder of the companies."
"Dr. Turner tricked me into driving here from Southern California, and used the sneakiest trick in the books to get me to stay. Becca is the identical twin sister of my late wife, who was killed by a drunk driver four years ago. I'm not going to bore you with the long story. Short story is that I live across the street from you now, and I'd like us to be friends. I'll take you on a tour of some of our locations after lunch."
"Mike...uh... Dr. Mitchel..." Marsh held up his finger and turned to a phone that was on a table behind him. He spoke to someone for a few seconds and then turned back to us.
"Let me tell you a little about The Hole. That's this restaurant. The Turner Company bought it several years ago after it burned down. It was rebuilt to serve the hundreds of employees that cycle through the area. Our employees spend time in a lot of different countries, and when they are here at our headquarters, and the local training facility, we like to make sure they are well fed."
"Chefs and cooks have been hired from around the world. Since we have transport planes coming and going from all over the world, on a daily basis, we also have foods brought in from all around the globe. Our chefs are trained to prepare any food you want, at any time of the day, 24/7/365. If you want Cheerios, you can have them. If you want steak and lobster you can have that. We get Maine lobster, Alaskan king crab, Rocky Mountain Rainbow trout, Pacific blue fin tuna, Wyoming Herford steak, or most anything else you can think of. And your meal will be prepared as you would like. If you would like Italian food, Oriental food, Greek, Mexican, and so on, two of the chefs will be in here in just a few minutes, and you can tell them what you would like. Whether it's a simple sandwich or a complex European dish, they will make it for you. You can even get a plain cheeseburger and fries, if you'd like. You call it."
Marsh had just finished telling us about the food, when a man and woman in white aprons walked into the room. The man began by introducing himself. "Good afternoon, I'm Jack Davis. I'm the head chef here at The Hole. This is Teresa Gonzalez. Her specialty is Mexican food but she can make almost any other dish you would like. We'd like to take your order and prepare your lunch."
Ted was the first person on his side of the table. "Marsh said you have rainbow trout?" He sounded a little tentative.
Teresa smiled, "Would you like that grilled or baked, sir?"
"Ah, how 'bout grilled." Ted replied.
"Spicy or plain rub?"
"I think I'll try the plain rub."
"Would you like tartar sauce, Hollandaise or just fresh lemon?"
Ted smiled. "Tartar sauce I think."
Teresa smiled back at Ted. And would you like a vegetable with that, I have some really good asparagus and baby red potatoes, or some great fresh peas and carrots, and corn on the cob?
"Oh my, you want me to make so many decisions. Let's try the asparagus and red potatoes." Ted responded.
"No problem sir. Would you like something to drink? I have a nice white Pinot Noir if you'd like to try it."
"That would be fine." Ted replied
Teresa went down the other side of the table taking orders from each member of our group, while Jack walked down our side. The fresh foods they offered and the drinks were amazing. I wondered how the food would turn out.
When Teresa got to Becca and Marsh, they both ordered in Spanish. I could tell from her smile that Teresa was very pleased with that. I had no idea what they had ordered, but I was pretty sure I'd see it when it came out.
I had decided to test them and ordered a steak and Maine lobster tail. Jack went through the sides and drinks and I felt like I was in a very high class restaurant.
While we waited for our food, Marsh and Becca answered a lot of questions. I was impressed at how open and freely they answered us.
Beth's phone rang while we were sitting at the table. She got up and left the room to take the call, and our conversation around the table continued.
When Beth returned, I could see a genuine look of consternation on her face. Marsh saw it as well. Beth turned to me and tried to speak softly. "That was the resort in Hawaii, Dan. They just had a fire and the bungalows we were going to stay in have been destroyed. What do you want me to do?
Becca perked up. "Excuse me, she spoke up. Did you say you just got bumped from a reservation in Hawaii?"
Beth sounded despondent. "Yes. We were supposed to leave tonight and spend the weekend on the North Shore of Oahu. I don't think I can find a place that quickly at this point. I mean I know it's not their fault, a fire is not something you can preschedule, but we had six bungalows reserved for twenty some people."
Becca had a huge smile on her face and I wondered what she was so happy about. She quickly ended my curiosity.
"As it happens, Beth, You came to exactly the right place. Marsh just happens to have just acquired a resort on the North Shore. He signed the paperwork yesterday. His partner bought it a few years ago to provide R & R for some of his employees. There are almost always some openings. Let me make a quick call."
Beth's face was a mixture of deep concern and shocked disbelief.
Becca pulled her cell phone out of a pocket in her flight suit. After a short conversation with whoever it was who answered the phone on the other end, Becca covered her phone and asked, Beth, would eight bungalows that sleep four to six in each be enough? They're kinda off the beaten path, and the beach is kinda private, and you won't get to see throngs of almost naked women, unless you bring your own."
"Oh God, Are you serious? That would be awesome. We were going to be in six, four person cabins. It was supposed to be on a private beach also. How much will it cost us?" Beth was in shock, and quite frankly I was more than a little surprised myself. These people were something else.
Becca pulled her phone up to her ear again, and spoke to the person again. I heard her say, "That would be great Leyanni. I'll give Beth your number and she can call you back in a little bit. Thanks girl, I owe ya one."
Becca pushed the end button on her cell phone and turned back to Beth. "Done deal. You're in the coconut grove, by the beach. There's a couple of surfing instructors and a couple of dive boats, with guides available to you during your stay. There are also a couple of conference rooms if you were going there for business. The main lodge has a cafeteria where you can eat, or there's a restaurant there almost the same as this place."
"You can give Leyanni a call after lunch, and tell her how many there are in your group, and what time your flight gets in, and she'll have helicopters at the airport to pick y'all up and take you to the resort. Will that cover it for you?"
"Oh yeah, I should warn you." Becca added. Leyanni hates to wear clothes, so she has a couple of BIG guys that hang out around her, to discourage the Mercs from messing with her. I doubt she really needs the guys, 'cause she's a little package of hell on wheels. I think it's on account of her brother doesn't trust that she can defend herself."
Beth's mouth hung open, and suddenly I realized mine was just like it.
Jack and Teresa broke the screaming silence in the room, as they pushed a couple of food carts in and began to serve our lunch. Everything looked and smelled fantastic. The lunch plates were placed in front of each of us, and while Teresa put the last three plates down, Jack poured the wines. Like at any fine restaurant, Jack asked each of the wine drinkers to smell the cork and he poured a very small portion for each to taste before he filled each glass. Each wine selection was a perfect match for the meal it was served with. This was a high class restaurant.
Jack and Teresa took the food carts out of the room, and Jack came back in a few minutes and asked if everything was alright. Did anyone want anything more or different? My food was cooked to perfection, and it looked like that was the case around the table.
Ted's face looked like he was close to ecstasy. I don't think I've ever seen someone look that pleased with their food.
"Dan, I hope your food is close to as good as this trout. This is the best fish I've ever tasted. The vegetables are cooked just right, and this white Pinot Noir sets it off perfectly. Marsh, I'm impressed." Ted was genuinely appreciative.
Marsh smiled as he finished the bite of food he had just put in his mouth. He finished chewing and replied, "Ted I can't take any of the credit for this. Yesterday was the first time I've been here, and I certainly share your assessment. Somebody did a great job hiring the cook staff, and the fresh food selection is fantastic."
"I'm going to be proud to share this establishment with my friends, but I'm pretty sure it's Dr. Turner's doing."
I looked at Marsh. "Marsh, can anybody show up here and buy a meal, or is it invitation only? I can see myself bringing my family and friends out here frequently if it's open to the public."
"Hmmm," Marsh mused. "That's a good question, Dan. I've heard that the city police are generally not welcome. Present company excluded of course. This section of the county road isn't well traveled, as I understand it. I also have it on reliable information that the new owner is a friend of yours, so I suspect you and your family are on the preferred guest list. If you're not, I know you soon will be."
"And is there a menu, or a price list?" Kim asked.
"Hold that thought, beautiful. Let me see what I can find out for you. I'm going to ask the owner. Oh wait. That would be me. No I don't think you will find anyone with a price list. It's one of the hazards of being the neighbor of the owner. Let me ask you a question, Kim. When you have guests over to your house, do you give them a price list?"
Kim looked at Marsh like he had two heads. "Of course not. They're our guests. We share with them anything we have. We aren't open to the public either."
"Ah so. I see," Marsh said. "So that means since you are not "the public" you don't have anything to worry about here, do you? You're invited family and you don't need a price list, right?"
Marsh lifted his hand with one finger up. "Give me just a minute." He turned and picked up the phone again. When someone answered he asked whoever it was to come in to answer some questions for him. In about a minute Ginny walked into the room.
"Ginny, can I talk you into sitting down with us for a few minutes?" Marsh asked.
"Sure Marsh, what can I help you with?" Ginny pulled a chair over to the end of the table between Marsh and Kim.
"Ginny," Marsh started. "Is our little Hole here open to the public? Can anybody just drive out here and come in for breakfast, lunch or dinner?"
"It's happened before." Ginny answered. "It's not real common, but if someone walks in and wants something to eat, we never send anyone away hungry."
"And do we have a menu or a price list for these people who just walk in and want something to eat?" Marsh asked.
"Not really." Ginny replied. "If they want to pay us, we take a donation, but a lot of them are homeless folks and there are a few homeless veterans that stop in a couple of times a week. Jimmy won't let them pay. He says they already paid with their service, and they need to be fed. Jimmy is really adamant about that. He's told us if we see a vet on the street we should invite them out here to get a good square meal. We never keep leftover food around long enough to spoil. Jimmy has a couple of guys that he sends in to the homeless veteran's shelter on River Street to take all the left over stuff to someone who needs it. Last I knew he was making some plans to have a better shelter built up for them, and he was going to hire a few more of them to help us around here. We have five of them working here now. They have to stay clean and sober, and Jimmy has some guy that makes sure they have a place to stay, or gets them back to the shelter at night."
My interest was in high gear now. These people were walking the same line that I was interested in. I decided to interrupt the conversation.
"Ginny," I said. "Who's this Jimmy, and how long has he been involved with the homeless veteran's shelter?"
Becca was very quick to step in. "Jimmy is my grandfather." she said. "And he found out about the homeless shelter a couple of months ago. He's been trying to work through some red tape with the city, but the city doesn't like my grandfather much, so he's looking for someone to partner with, grandpa thinks maybe that partner can work with the city better than he can since he has a history with them. He has had a few problems with some crooked politicians, and they get in his way all the time. He's working on it, but with politics involved it takes time."
"I just found out about the homeless veteran's shelter as well." I told no one in particular. "I don't have any enemies that I know of in the city yet. Maybe I'm the partner your grandfather needs to hook up with."
Marsh got back into the conversation at this point. He looked straight at me, and said, "I can speak for the Turner Companies, Dan. If you are interested in helping the veteran's shelter, we need to get together, and discuss our options, and how we can work to help these men and women."
"In the meantime, Ginny, when and if any of the Morrison family or the persons around this table show up here, they are on the preferred guest list. Kim, There is no menu or price list. If any of the Morrison family want to come out here, you come on out and eat. If you want to donate to the homeless veterans, I trust that Ginny will use the money in an appropriate manner.
Marsh looked around the table and saw that we were all finished eating. Dan, I would like to take y'all on a little helicopter tour of the Turner Company. Shall we head out to the helipad?"
"Ginny," Ted was speaking. "May I speak to the chefs for a minute?"
"Sure Ted." Ginny replied. "Come with me, I'll take you to the kitchen."
Ginny and Ted went into the kitchen where Ted spoke to Jack and Teresa. He thanked them for the best lunch he could remember eating.
Ted was out to the helipad before the rest of us were loaded up and strapped in.
When we were all inside the helicopter Marsh asked if we wanted to have the side doors open or closed. I voted for open, as did Kim and Ted. Beth hesitantly said she could live with open doors, and Marion said she'd try to buck up, but she wanted to sit in one of the middle seats. - Away from the door.
Marsh opened a storage compartment and handed out headsets, and showed us where to plug them into the intercom system. Once the system was switched on we could all talk to and hear each other even with the noise of the jet engines, and the sounds of the rotors.
Becca was starting the jet turbines as Marsh climbed into the co-pilot's seat. He put on his headset and went through a welcome aboard speech like you might hear on a commercial jet liner, combined with a warning speech like you would hear on an amusement park ride. You know the type: "Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. We'd like to thank you for flying with Turner Air Tours this afternoon. We know you have a choice. You could choose to walk back to work. Please keep your hands and feet inside the cabin at all times, unless you need to step out for a smoking break. In that case we do ask that when you step out please stay away from the tail rotor, it can be deadly, and it plays hell with our paint scheme. Again thank you for flying with us."
Even Marion was a little more relaxed and laughed at Marsh's humor.
Becca gently lifted the helicopter off the ground, but she stayed pretty low as she turned to cross the road and headed up over the green countryside. I could see a well groomed gravel road under our right side. The terrain was mixed with open fields and forests of large trees. Becca kept a comfortable distance between us and the trees and soon we were all enjoying the beautiful scenery.
It was just a few minutes until Marsh pointed out a lake out ahead. Becca slowed the helicopter, and flew down to only a few feet above the water. She flew along the shoreline on the right side of us, and Marsh pointed to a house and then several cabins along the lakefront.
"If you ever need to get away from the crowds and just enjoy a quiet night at the lake, please give one of us a call." He said. "The lake is privately owned, and the cabins and camp sites are NOT open to the public. Please remember I told Kim already, the people in this bird are not the public."
Becca stopped the helicopter at just about the halfway point down the lakeshore. She turned to face the shore, where there was a large log and rock building with most of the lakeside wall made of glass and aluminum. There was a nice sandy beach and a dock with a couple of boat houses attached to it.
Both Marsh and Becca described what was here, including a large kitchen, a "great room" complete with a huge stone fireplace, and some bedrooms along an open balcony. They also told us there were a couple of Ski Nautique waterski boats in the boat houses, and all the water toys one could want to play with. They informed us that there were a couple of pontoon deck boats, (aka party barges) in the shop/garage up behind the lodge.
Becca slowly flew the helicopter sideways along the shore line, turning it a little too each side so we could all see the retreat and facilities.
After a few minutes she turned back in the direction we had been flying and at the end of the lake she lifted above the trees again and continued northward. I saw Marsh dig out his cell phone and take a call. Somehow I got the impression it was important, and he acted like it was good news. He ended the call rather quickly, and continued to act as a tour guide.
After about five or six minutes of flying over just forest terrain we came to what looked like a small military base. Small being a relative term. I had been to the U.S. Marine base in California once, and this was small compared to Camp Pendleton.
We saw at least a dozen military style helicopters. Three of them were gunships that Marsh told us were two "Super Cobras" and one "Apache". He further told us that one of the "Hueys" was also equipped as a gunship. They were here mostly for training purposes, but that at least one of them was patrolling over the Turner Ranch, and the Morrison Estate and the Simpson family's house, since the break-in that had killed the Butcher, and destroyed the Morrison's kitchen.
The gunships were fully armed and carried infrared cameras. If someone tried to get close to the property, they would likely be no match for the firepower the Turner gunships would bring into play.
As we flew over the base, I noticed a runway, and a few hangers. When I asked about them Marsh told me that this base had in fact been a U.S. military base in the past, and there were future plans to use the runway. Then he said something to Becca.
Becca took the helicopter down very close to the ground in front of one of the large airplane hangars. She slowly flew the chopper into the hanger and rotated it three hundred sixty degrees. Marsh explained that this was one of three hangers this size, and that the Turner Company had a contract with Shell Global to supply Jet-A. I wasn't sure why that was relevant, but I figured if I needed to know, Marsh would tell me.
Becca flew back out of the hanger and continued our tour. After several minutes of flying slowly over the training base, Becca turned the airship to fly in an eastern direction. She slowed to almost a crawl speed over the forest after about ten minutes of flying from the training base. She started to hover over a small clearing and Marsh pointed out a several acre antenna farm. Marsh explained this was one of several that the security company maintained.
I saw many different kinds of antennas; Marsh said I'd see some of the equipment these fed in just a few minutes.
We flew for just a couple minutes when we came to another opening in the forest below us. Becca got really low beside an old dilapidated looking barn.
Marsh pointed out a firing range behind the barn, and told us there was also a training range inside. The barn might look rickety, but it was really a well built and secure building.
Next the helicopter flew down the road about a quarter of a mile, where Becca landed on a large grass lawn beside a beautiful log/rock/glass house. Marsh invited us to take off our headsets and exit the helicopter, as Becca shut it down.
"Dan, I know you need to get back to work, and we've been away for almost two hours, but I'd like to show you one more place, and invite any and all of you to come back any time.
Marsh led us between a large concrete block wall on our right and the stone wall that was the back wall of the house. He opened the back door of the house and invited us in, where we were greeted warmly by a beautiful Mexican lady who offered us drinks and snacks if we wanted them. One of the snacks she offered was a warm piece of strawberry-rhubarb pie with ice cream. Everybody forced themselves to accept her gracious offer. And we were glad we did, the pie was delicious.
Marsh introduced each of us to Marguarita Rosario, who he referred to as his ranch manager. I immediately put her in the same position as Terri, and Marsh confirmed it when he told us Mita had been an intimate part of his family since he was born. The way he said "intimate" spoke volumes.
Marguarita offered us milk, water or several kinds of juice to drink. Marsh explained that since none of his family used alcoholic drinks, she couldn't offer us wine or a beer.
I told him that was just fine.
Becca led us through the big dining room and into the large living room, (read HUGE!) where Marsh opened the curtains that covered the far wall. We were treated to a fabulous view. The wall was made of large glass windows and sliding glass doors. Marsh invited us to step out onto a deck that went from one side of the house to the other.
Kim pointed out that we could see the top of our house down the hill, and across the road.
I thought I saw two gates in the safety rail along the deck, but I couldn't find a way to open them and it looked like they opened to a ten or twelve foot drop to an aluminum deck below at ground level.
Marsh caught me checking them out. "You're an observant man," he said. "Now watch this."
Marsh walked to a box at the middle of the deck, opened the box, and flipped a set of switches. Ted and I walked over to watch him activate sets of switches marked "L" and "R". I heard the sound of electric motors somewhere under the deck each time he flipped a set of switches. The third pair of switches parted the big aluminum deck below us revealing an infinity style swimming pool, which disappeared under the deck. The next switches began to extend aluminum stairways that lined up with the gates I had seen and led down on both sides of the pool.
I heard a metallic click at the gates when the stairways were fully extended, and Becca opened one of the gates and invited us to follow her down the stairway. Marsh walked to the other gate and said that we could use either side.
At the bottom of the stairs Marsh and Becca each turned and led us under the deck and into a large room with half of the pool, inside the room. There were several shower heads along one wall, and there was a large hot tub.
We saw a couple of massage tables, and some exercise equipment. Marsh opened a door on one side of the room, where we saw a nice home theater. I counted eighteen very comfortable looking seats.
Becca led us to the other side and opened a game room with a pool table, a ping pong table, and several game tables. The room also had several electronic games, like Pac-Man, Super- Mario, Richard Petty Nascar racing, to name a few.
Along the back wall of the main room there were cabinets, a popcorn machine, a refrigerator, and a microwave oven.
Marsh showed us the stairway that he said went back up to the kitchen, and then he led us to a door in the back wall that opened into an underground tunnel. Marsh invited us into the tunnel and opened a door on our right, with concrete walls and steps, going down to another steel door.
At the top of the stairs Marsh stopped and spoke to all of us. "I'm going to take you somewhere that only two people in the world know about at this time. This is new to Becca even."
Marsh walked down the stairs and punched a code into a keypad lock. There was a click and the big steel door swung open and lights came on in a small concrete room with another locked steel door on the other side. When we were all in the small room Marsh pushed a wall plate and the first door closed. Then Marsh punched a code into the second keypad, and put his face up to what I recognized as a retinal scanner. This was a secure place. The second door opened and lights came on in a larger room that looked like a large living room.
The furniture was nice stuff, the air in the room was fresh and the temperature was very comfortable. "Don't get too comfortable," Marsh told us. There's more to see.
He led us to a normal looking set of double doors that he pushed open far enough to catch and remain open. We walked into a very pleasant dining room that was connected to an equally nice kitchen. Everything was new and everything we had in our kitchen at the estate was in this one.
We saw doors on each side of the dining room. Marsh opened one of them, and showed us a small anteroom with three doors. Each of the doors opened into a very nice bedroom.
Marsh let us look at each of the bedrooms, before he led us back into the dining room and stopped in front of the door on the other side.
"Some of you will enjoy looking around in this next room more than others, but I want you all to know what's here, and available to you if the need ever arises." With that Marsh opened the door and reached in and turned on the lights. We followed Marsh into a huge room that was stocked with weapons and ammunition. Not just a few. This looked like a military armory.
Ted and Joanna both gasped and together they exclaimed "Holy Shit!" Ted continued with "Damn Marsh! There's more weaponry here than the whole fucking police department has. And more sophisticated as well!
Marsh looked at us and said, "Go ahead and wander around. Enjoy the window shopping. Joanna if and when you come to work for the Turner Security Company, in the next few weeks, you'll have access to this and a couple more larger than this one."
"Dan, will you walk with me for a few minutes?"
Marsh walked a short way to another door. This one opened into a room that was dimly illuminated by a couple of LED monitors. Marsh flipped a couple switches on the wall and a few dim lights came on in the room. I saw several more large monitors on the wall and a bank of computer keyboards as well as a few smaller monitors.
Marsh turned on two more of the monitors, and sat down in front of a couple of the computer keyboards.
With a couple of keystrokes the monitors came to life and Marsh brought up satellite images on two of the screens showing the Turner Ranch and my estate. One of the monitors looked like a color Google earth image; the other looked like a photographic negative. Marsh explained it was an infrared image showing the heat signatures of the same area as we saw on the color camera image.
"This is satellite images that I can control. Turner Security owns several communication satellites and they all have super high res cameras. They are mine, so I can point them where I want, without asking some government agency."
"Dan, I am going to invite the rest in here in just a moment, but I wanted to talk to you alone briefly. This is the first time I've had a chance."
"As I told you already, I just moved here last week. I'm so new to this place that some of what I've shown you I just found out about yesterday. Becca's boss is a friend that I've known for almost two years. I met him at a car show in Palm Springs, California. I didn't know it at the time, but he was observing me and trying to find out who I was and how I lived. He was looking for someone young enough to take over his companies and run them with the same level of integrity as he had used in building them.
"Turner Security Companies hold a very high standard of integrity. We hire former military operatives, former government agents, former law enforcement officers as well as some current members of all of the above. They work in many different capacities, full time, part time, under cover, you name it..."
"When your friends got in touch of my boss/partner he got his company involved in the protection details and our involvement has deepened as we found out who Harold Gordon is or has been, and how dangerous he was. Let me assure you of our commitment to the safety of Terri, Hanna, the Simpsons, and the Morrisons."
"Since I've been brought into the company I've been learning in leaps and bounds. Everything I've learned about Dan Morrison has impressed me a lot. I'd really like us to be friends.
"Becca was part of the original group of operatives that attended your first event, and at the time since there were some things done that were a little outside the law, she and the rest of the team didn't want you to know who they were so that you could honestly tell anyone who asked that you didn't know who did it."
"Since I wasn't there I have nothing to hide and since we are neighbors I wanted to let you know who I am as soon as I could. I'll be as forthright as I can be with you from this point forward, and I hope you'll work with me to develop a safe friendly relationship between us."
"I'd also like to hire Joanna to head up your security detail. She can live with you as long as she wants or is needed, but I'd like to put her on my payroll and give her access to my resources, to help keep you and your family safe."
"I also want to make you another offer. We're going to talk a little business now so we can both write off this little excursion. It's been a battle, and it's probably one of the main reasons Jimmy has had problems with the city. They don't want to lose the income we generate while we pay them rent, landing fees, and jacked up fuel prices."
"Dan, the phone call I just got was to tell me that our use permit came through this morning. The runway up at the training base will be in use this week. Jimmy, Becca and I discussed the things we want to do with our own airport, and one of them is to offer your company the use and services of our facility."
"I know you have a hanger and service facility at the international airport in the city, as do we. If you're company is like ours, they are charging you up the nose, for rent and landing fees."
"Starting as soon as tomorrow we will be pulling our entire aviation department here and use our own field and hangers. There's plenty of room for your fleet of planes, and we can save you buckets of cash on your rent, service, and fuel. I couldn't believe what we are paying the city, and we'll be saving millions of dollars a year by opening this field."
"Talk to your people and get back to me. We can have our lawyers work out the details, but you can think this weekend about saving your company a bunch of money. Hell Dan, you can get yourself a helicopter with the first few months of savings, and you can use it to fly out there. Not that it's a long drive for you."
"Marsh, as you heard this morning, I'm taking Joanna with me to Hawaii to provide protection for Terri and Hanna. I don't expect to encounter any problems but one can't be one hundred percent sure. I'd rather be safe than sorry."
"Dan I have some information I'll share with you at another time about Harold Gordon. He is still a threat but much less of one since my meeting with some people in Southern California. Like you, I'll take precaution over apathy any day." Marsh replied.
"If Joanna wants to work for you and head your security detail, she can live in my home as long as she wants. She is part of the team who has guarded my home and she's a wonderful young lady. I'm positive she will be an asset to your company. However, when this detail is over, and if I have a need for her services at some point in time, I'd like to think I could make a request to you, for her." I added.
"That's a foregone conclusion. I think we have a lot in common Dan and I think we'll be working closely. If you need anything, you call me directly and I'll make it happen. When you get back from Hawaii, I want to set up a meeting with you so we can discuss business." We smiled at each other while we shook hands. By silent mutual agreement, we were going to make it happen.
Marsh walked over to the door and called an invitation to Becca, Ted, and Joanna, particularly, and told all the rest of our little group they could come in and look if they wanted to. They all came.
Marsh sat in front of the computer again and asked everyone to watch the color monitor picture. He flipped a couple switches and started to move his mouse. The satellite image began to zoom in towards his house. He continued to zoom until we could see his upper deck and read the controls for his spa.
Kim gasped. Can you do that to our house too, Marsh?
"I can." He replied. "I did it here on purpose, but if you'd like me to show you Tony's cock or Patty's tits, I can do that any time. You should know that I'm not much of a voyeur, and we won't allow our employees to be either. If someone gets caught "sightseeing" they get unemployed, as soon as we discover it. It serves no purpose in our business.
"I did this just so you know how good a view we can get. I can do the same thing anywhere in the country. This is a backup station so I can keep up from my "safe room". We have several rooms in other locations, which are monitored twenty four/seven. What happened at your estate was caused by an error that won't happen again. The person responsible has been unemployed since the morning after that break in."
"This is the end of the tour I had planned for y'all. If you have questions at any point I'll be happy to answer them as best I can, and I'm sure Becca will do the same."
"Let's head up to the helicopter and get y'all back to work. We can get together again soon, if anyone wants to."
Kim stepped in front of Marsh and with a sly look on her face she said, "I know I'm being a naughty girl, but I want you to show me Tony's cock.
Marsh sat back down at his computer and backed the satellite image out to show our estate. He zoomed in enough to see the back yard, and scanned for a view of where Tony was working. He proceeded to zoom in on Tony, and then shifted the image down to his groin.
Kim moved until she was standing next to Marsh and her leg was pressed against his. She leaned forward, bending at the waist as she watched him. He clicked buttons on his keyboard and moved his mouse around the mouse pad. Marsh dropped his left hand to his leg while he worked and let his index and middle fingers rub up and down Kim's bare leg. When he felt her push her leg towards his, he extended all of his fingers and moved his hand to the inside of Kim's thigh just above her knee.
While he continued to work and explain what he was doing, Marsh moved his hand up and down a few inches on the inside of Kim's thigh. He felt Kim shift her upper body however; she remained bent forward when she finished moving. Marsh was pleasantly surprised when he realized Kim had parted her feet a little wider and he suddenly had more room for his hand. He massaged the inside of Kim's thigh within centimeters of her panty encased pussy. When he moved his hand up her thigh he noticed Kim pressed her bottom downward in hopes Marsh would touch her but Marsh was quick enough to avoid contact.
Marsh gently squeezed the inside of Kim's upper thigh as he zoomed in just a little more, till all you could see on the eighty inch monitor was Tony's cock. We could all see the veins and his pee hole. Kim let a soft moan escape her lips as she looked at the monitor and enjoyed the sensations from Marsh's hand, so close to her pussy.
"Marsh smiled up at Kim. Is that what you wanted, my lady? I think it is, 'cause you're getting a wet spot here in a hidden location. Either you like what you see or you better go into that bathroom over there and pee."
"Marsh, you've got me there. I think maybe I should use the little room and pee as well as wipe myself a little. Would one of you gentlemen like to assist me?"
Kim's face was crimson but she was still game. She walked over to the door Marsh had pointed out. All of us guys paused, so Marsh got up and followed her to the bathroom. The door wasn't closed all the way so we could hear muffled sounds but nothing understandable.
Inside the bathroom Kim walked over to the toilet and turned to face Marsh. She said, "You're a doctor so it shouldn't bother you to take off my skirt and panties so I can pee."
Marsh looked deep into Kim's eyes as he reached out his right hand and flipped the button through the button hole and then reached out with his left hand and tucked it into the waist of Kim's skirt as he slid the zipper down with his right hand. Only when the skirt was ready to slide down Kim's legs did they break eye contact.
Marsh slowly kneeled in front of Kim, as he lowered her skirt. Although Marsh had seen Kim's nude body the night before, there's always something special about undressing a woman slowly. When he saw Kim's sheer panties come into view he said, "I knew I was going to love my neighbors."
Kim replied, "I certainly hope Becca isn't the jealous type because I remember every detail of your body and I can't wait to sample it."
Kim stepped out of her skirt and watched as Marsh placed it on a small stand beside the toilet. Without hesitation he reached out and hooked his fingers into the waistband of Kim's sheer panties and drew them down her legs until they were at her feet. Once again Kim stepped out of her panties one foot at a time. Marsh held her panties in his hand as he watched Kim sit down on the toilet and he continued to watch as pee flowed from her body.
When she was finished, Marsh reached out and pulled some toilet paper off the roll and folded it over. He looked up at Kim without asking the question and Kim said, "Yes, I'm done."
Marsh reached between Kim's thighs and wiped her pussy then dropped the paper in the toilet. He stood up and extended his hand to Kim and helped her back to the standing position. Once again he looked deep into her eyes and saw Kim close her eyes and move her lips towards his. Without reservations, Marsh moved his lips to meet Kim's and his right hand dropped down and cupped Kim's bald pussy. He moved his hand so the heel of it rubbed her clit and his middle finger slipped inside her. When their kiss ended they looked at each other and Marsh replied, "No Becca isn't the jealous type. Kim, you're a very beautiful woman and when everything settles down, we'll see about sharing."
"I'd really like to share with both of you." Kim replied.
Changing the subject, Marsh stated, "Now, you have two choices, you can let me put your skirt back on you or you can fly back without it. What's it going to be? Either way you aren't going to get your panties back."
"As much as I wouldn't mind being naked from the waist down," Kim said, "I think we'd better put it back on so the head of security at Dan's office won't get an eye full of the boss's wife."
Marsh picked up the skirt and knelt down in front of Kim and waited for her to step into the skirt before he stood up and made sure her blouse was properly tucked in before he zipped it up and buttoned it. Kim leaned in and gave Marsh another hug and a quick kiss before she pulled back and said, "I can't wait to make love to both of you."
Marsh stepped over to the sink and quickly washed and dried his hands. He smiled and held out his arm for Kim. She hooked her arm into his and they walked towards the bathroom door. When they returned, Marsh handed me Kim's very wet, awesome smelling panties.
Marsh led us to another door which led us up a staircase to another heavy steel door. He pushed a wall plate and the door opened towards us. Another door opened out, and we walked into a very nice office.
When we were all in the office, Marsh pushed a button that closed the big steel door then closed the outer door which became a blind panel behind Marsh's desk. Marsh led us into his living room again and suggested that we could help ourselves to a drink from the kitchen while he closed the pool access. He stepped out on the deck and reversed the switches. Becca led the way to the kitchen where Marguarita helped us to drinks of water, lemonade, or whatever we would like, -non-alcoholic that is.
When the pool was closed up Marsh invited us to walk through his office again and opened a side door that exited to the lawn where the helicopter was parked.
I pulled out my cell phone and called my chief of security at the office and told him that we would be landing on the lawn soon. He assured me that he would have the area clear.
We all loaded up, and Becca started the engines and lifted off. With the side doors open and headsets on, we watched as Becca flew low across my estate where we could wave to Tony, Patty, Beth, and Barbie.
Soon we were landing on the lawn outside my office building. Becca shut down the turbines again and together with Marsh she got out and we shared hugs and handshakes. Marsh reminded Beth that she needed to call Leyanni at the resort in Hawaii to work out the transport from the airport to the resort in the morning.
We walked over to the sidewalk in front of my office, and watched Becca, Marsh and Joanna lift off with Joanna waving at us again until the helicopter was too high for us to see her. We watched as Becca cleared my office building and then flew forward and out of sight.
Once they were gone, the head of our security came over to me and asked if there was anything else he or his crew could do for me. I smiled asking, "Do you want me to call them back?"
He laughed and said, "No, you've stirred enough curiosity with landing it here the first time. The place is buzzing and everyone is asking who you really are. Even the former company heads have never had a helicopter land out here."
I patted him on the back and said, "I have a feeling you'd better get used to helicopters landing here. We may even put in a helipad for them."
"Let's get back to work." I said as I kissed Kim and Marion and shook hands with Ted.
***************************
At the Simpson house, a little while after breakfast, Tina took the three kids out into their new back yard. The three of them took off running towards the woods in the back. Tina laughed to herself as she watched the three bare asses bounce as they ran. When they reached the woods they turned and raced back. Once again Tina giggled as John's cock bounced with each running step he took.
In her mind, Tina was so thankful to the Morrisons for helping them when Jeff was forced to do things he normally wouldn't do, by Harold Gordon. She was also thankful for them helping Jeff find a new job and especially for providing a safe place for her children. She was so happy to see them run and play and be normal kids again.
After the kids expelled a lot of their energy and settled down to walking and looking, John took time to explore everything. He turned over some rocks and found some nice big juicy worms. When he picked up a couple of them, Abby yelled, "Eeeeewwwww, that's gross."
He chased a tree frog until it went under an old log. Then while running, he slipped in the mud and fell flat on his ass, splattering mud all over everyone. Tina and his sisters laughed at him but he was not to be deterred. As the mud dried on his back side and up between his legs, John went right back doing what he was doing before he fell.
Abby and Deana, on the other hand, were more interested in picking pretty wildflowers they found. Tina noticed when the girls leaned over to pick a flower, they bent over at the waist, she could see the cute little hairless lips of their pussy nestled between the top of their legs.
Tina found a few flowers she liked and she picked them. She told the girls they needed to get their flowers in some water soon, so their daddy could see them when he got home.
Reluctantly, everyone walked back to the house but Tina was the only one to go inside. She filled a vase with water and brought it out for the girls to put their flowers in. John pulled the hose out and turned on the water to wash the caked mud off his body. When he was almost finished, Abby walked over by him and said, "I get the hose next."
"Water first!" John said as he sprayed his sister.
Abby screamed as the cold water washed over her body and Tina yelled across the deck, "John, stop that! Be nice to your sister."
John laughed and squirted her once more, making her scream again. This time he said, "I'm all done with the hose anyway, here take it."
Abby grabbed the hose from John's hands and turned the nozzle towards him and squirted him. John successfully pissed his sister off even more when he stood in the spray and acted like he was taking a shower. "MOM" Abby exclaimed, "John's acting stupid!"
Tina laughed, "You should have done the same thing to him instead of screaming. If he knows he's bothering you, he'll keep it up."
And so the morning passed into the early afternoon hours of their first full day in their new house, the Simpson children settled down and finally decided to lie down in the sun. Tina sat under the deck umbrella, in the shade, and marveled at the change in her children in just one day.
She was happy again and life was only going to get better from this point on. She leaned back in her chair and put her feet up on the seat and let her legs fall to the sides so the sun was shining directly on her bald pussy. She also knew her pussy was spread wide open and the sun warmed her exposed clit. She wanted so badly to rub that little button but the kids were sunning themselves close by, so she didn't dare.
She had been sitting for almost a half hour when the doorbell rang. She immediately jumped and panic set in because the doorbell at the other house had not sounded in a couple of months. All three kids looked at their mother. Tina said, "Stay right here, and don't go anywhere."
Tina got up and walked into the house and over to the window by the door. She peeked out and saw a woman standing by her door. She stepped over to the door at the same time the doorbell sounded again. Tina called out, "Who is it? What do you want?"
The female outside said, "Tina, I'm one of the police officers from the van. May I speak to you for a moment?"
Nothing like this had ever happened before at the other house so Tina called back, "Just a minute."
She rushed into the kitchen and quietly called the kids into the house and closed the sliding glass doors and the vertical blinds. She told her kids to go upstairs and go into John's bedroom and close the door until she called for them again.
Tina went back to the front door with one last glance at the stairs to make sure the kids were out of sight before she called out, "Hold your badge up to the window beside the door."
Suddenly a hand and a badge appeared and the female voice sounded, "Tina, I'm really one of the officers; you can leave the chain on the door if you'd like but I don't want to yell through the door."
In her mind Tina was saying, "SHIT, SHIT, Shit!" but her voice said, "Ok, I want to see that badge again and this time with your face included. I'm going to leave the chain on the door."
Tina unlocked the door and slowly turned the handle and opened it the two or three inches the chain allowed. Suddenly Tina got an idea and asked, "Who is the sergeant for this detail, what's her name?"
The female held up her badge and said, "The sergeant for this detail is not a woman and his name is Sergeant Ted Johnson."
Tina breathed a sigh of relief and asked, "You know, you scared the shit out of me. No one ever came to my door at the other house unless they called me first. They didn't just ring my doorbell."
"I'm truly sorry for upsetting you Tina but they misplaced your new phone number and I volunteered to come up to the door and get it. I didn't think you'd want one of the male officers coming up here since we saw you and your son were naked earlier when Jeff left for work." The female officer replied.
Tina pushed the door closed and then opened it all the way for the officer to step in. Tina was still nude and she didn't try to hide any part of her body from the female officer's roving eyes. After looking at Tina's bald pussy the officer looked up and found Tina looking at her. The officer blushed a little before she said, "I hope you don't mind me saying, but you have a great shape even after having three kids."
Now it was Tina's turn to blush as she looked down at her naked body and said, "Thank you very much. I try to exercise as much as possible but with the situations the way they are; I haven't had that much of a chance. But you didn't come here to talk about my exercise program, what may I do for you?"
"My name is Trudy Hackman and as I said we observed you and your son on the front porch this morning when your husband Jeff was leaving. We saw both of you were nude. My partner and I wanted to let you know you shouldn't be outside nude, it's against the law and you can receive a ticket for public lewdness."
Tina began with an evil deep throated laugh before she calmed down enough to say in a very sarcastic voice, "Is that all you're fuckin' worried about? Hell, recently my life, my children's lives and my husband's life has been severely threatened with a promise that all of us will be killed slowly because of the pending case, that I'm sure you're aware of. If you and your partner are only worried someone may drive by my house and see my tits or pussy, you have a major fuckin' problem. Officer, I'm not normally like this but you just struck a note that grinds and grates on every nerve in my body."
"Since all this started I've been exposed to more cops recently than I have in my entire lifetime. There ain't a one of them with such a snobbish attitude, such as yours. I'm fuckin' proud of my body, I'm a nudist and I'll fuckin' do whatever I want. It seems to me you are a little jealous you don't have a body like this, given that big ass hanging out behind you." Tina continued to say.
"When Sergeant Johnson gets home this afternoon I'll be talking to him and you'll be lucky if you will be collecting trash in police headquarters. As a matter of fact I think Officer Mary Davis is second in command on your detail and I know how to get ahold of her right now."
"So...BITCH, unless you're prepared to waste some paper writing me a ticket this minute,I suggest you get the fuck out of my house and go sit in your fuckin' van and do the job you are stationed out here to do!In case you forgot what that job was, you are here to protect me and my family andNOTaggravate us." Tina finished saying as she swung the door open and stepped out on the porch to hold the screen door open for Officer Hackman.
When Officer Hackman walked past her, Tina followed her to the edge of the steps and stood there with her hands on her hips and her feet parted so the other officer in the van could have an unobstructed view of her naked body. As a final insult Tina called out, "When you get to the van, take a fuckin' picture so you'll be able to have an orgasm while you're cooped up with your partner. It might calm your over active mind."
Tina walked back into the house and slammed the door. After she threw the deadbolt closed, Tina calmly called upstairs and told the kids they could come down. All three of them came rushing downstairs asking if everything was ok. Tina assured them it was and she picked up the phone and called the Morrison's house. Terri picked it up on the forth ring and said, "The Morrison residence, Terri speaking, how may I help you?"
Tina greeted Terri and then immediately asked, "Is Mary there? I really need to speak with her."
"Is everything alright Tina?" Terri asked.
"Oh honey, I don't have a major problem, I only need to tell Mary something." Tina replied.
"Mary is upstairs at the moment, let me call her, she'll be right with you." Terri said.
Mary picked up the phone almost immediately asking, "Is everything ok Tina?"
"Yes Mary, we're safe that's not my problem. What is my problem is Officer Trudy Hackman. She's in the van with her partner and they saw me walk out on the porch with John and Jeff this morning and she just came up to tell me I couldn't be on my porch nude because I could be ticketed for public lewdness." Tina said.
"Also, I'm afraid I lost it when she told me that. I reminded her that her job was to keep us safe instead of worrying about what we weren't wearing when we stepped out on the porch early in the morning. My God Mary, who the fuck is Miss Goody Two Shoes?"
"I can't talk ill of a fellow officer but I assure you Tina, I'll take care of it right now. I'll give Ted a call and have him stop out there and have a talk with them before he comes home." Mary replied.
"Thank you Mary, I can't believe they took all morning to talk about it before she decided to confront me. It just pissed me off." Tina added.
"Ok, no problem Tina, we'll get it taken care of." Mary assured Tina.
Mary didn't waste any time calling Ted and telling him what happened. Ted said, "Thanks Mary, I'll stop by and see Tina and then go to the van and talk to the officers."
***************************
"MOM," Angela called out from the living room. "Can Sarah come over for a little while?"
Amy walked into the living room saying, "You know sweetheart, you're younger than I am, if you want me, you need to come and find me instead of calling me and waiting for me to come to you."
"Sorry mom," Angela said, "What I wanted to know is if Sarah could come over for a little while. She hasn't been here since we started living as nudists."
"Honey, I don't care but I'd like to talk to her mother to make sure it's ok with her." Amy replied.
"Sarah, is your mom there so my mom can talk to her?" Angela asked.
"Here ya go mom, Sarah went to give the phone to her mother." Angela said as she handed the portable phone to her mother.
Amy held the phone up to her ear and waited until she heard, "Hello Amy? How are you today?"
"I'm great June," Amy replied, "I'm in an air-conditioned house so everything is just wonderful. It's so hot outside. About Sarah coming over to visit Angela I wanted to make sure it was ok with you first. We ... ummm ... we aren't wearing any clothes in the house, so I wanted to give you a chance to say no if you wanted to."
"What about Brian and Andy are they wearing clothes?" June asked.
"June, I hope you can keep a secret but no, we've decided to live the nudist lifestyle and well ... none of us wear clothes when we are at home anymore." Amy said confidently.
"Are you shitting me?" June exclaimed, "Is everyone naked all the time including you and Ken? Is Angela and the guys naked too?"
"Yes," Amy replied.
"What happens when someone comes to your house?" June asked.
With a slight giggle Amy replied, "They are either shocked and take off running or they come in and join us. It doesn't matter one way or the other. We decided we aren't going to change our lifestyle for the few who can't or won't take the time to understand it."
"I don't want to sound like I'm inviting myself but what would you do if I came over with Sarah and brought my son with me?" June asked.
"As I said," Amy stated, "You can run away or come in and have something to drink with me and let the kids do their own thing. It's up to you."
"I take it from what you've said; you and your kids are going to remain naked even if we come over. Am I, understanding you correctly?"
"That's correct," Amy added, "IFyou want to join us, that's up to you. But with all of us walking around nude, you might feel uncomfortable if you remained clothed."
June said, "Just a minute, let me talk to the kids."
Amy waited, and Angela looked at her mom with a questioning look. Finally Amy said, "June is asking them if they want to come over. If they do, all three of them will be here, I think."
Brian came into the room when his mother was finishing her sentence and asked, "Who's coming over?"
Amy covered the mouth piece on the phone and said, "Brian I don't want you to mention anything about having sex with your sister and me if June, Sarah and her brother come over here. Do you understand?"
Brian nodded his head and said, "Sarah is hot, I wouldn't mind seeing her naked."
After a couple of minutes June spoke into the phone asking, "Will we have to be naked if we come over there?"
"Oh God no," Amy said, "We don't force our lifestyle on anyone, but as I said, we aren't going to get dressed nor are we going to cover our parts while you're here. I think once you see how natural it is for us to be nude in around of each other; you'll want to try it."
"Ok, we'll see you in a few minutes." Amy said and she pushed the off button on the phone and handed it back to Angela. "All three of them are coming over so just do what we've been doing and don't say anything about having sex with each other."
All three of the kids agreed to behave but Andy asked, "What happens if I get a hardon when Sarah takes off her clothes?"
Brian added, "Just jerk off like you usually do. I'm gonna."
"Hey guys," Amy said, "They are new to this stuff so don't scare them away by acting like sex fiends. Who knows, if you act right this time, you may get to see more of Sarah and her mother. Angela may get to check out Sarah's brother. I did tell June we weren't going to cover anything so if you want to sit like we've previously agreed, please do. I don't plan on closing my legs how about you Angela?"
"I'm going to sit here on the couch and Sarah's brother will get a very good view of what I have down there." Angela stated.
Everyone went their separate ways and Amy just finished pouring some lemonade when the doorbell rang. She calmly walked to the door and opened it. On the porch were three people, Angela came rushing to the door and said, "Hi Sarah, come on in."
Sarah pulled the screen door open and walked past Amy and disappeared with Angela. June and her son stood on the porch with their mouths hanging open. Amy extended her hand to June and said, "I hope you aren't that shocked June. Our family witnessed another family enjoy their nudist lifestyle and we've decided to give it a try. Come in, unless you plan to bolt off the porch any second."
June reached out and shook Amy's hand and responded "No, we aren't going to bolt. I'm more curious about your nudist lifestyle than scared of you being naked. Amy, it's hard to believe you've had three children, you look wonderful. Not to change the subject but I don't think you've ever met my son Henry; he's usually got something else to do when Sarah and I are together. Oh, we call him Hank for short. But he knows your son Brian so he decided to come along this time. Is Brian here?"
"Please come in, as I told you on the phone I'm not going to cover myself so I hope you're ok with nudity. And Hank, I don't want to state the obvious but I know guys always want to look and that's ok to do here. I believe Brian and Andy are out in the kitchen." Amy said as she closed the door.
Both Brian and Andy were getting something to snack on when their mother, June and Hank walked into the kitchen. Amy asked, "Would either of you like some lemonade or something else?"
Brian looked up and greeted Hank with, "Hey dude, what's happenin'?"
June and Hank both stopped and looked at Brian's cock which was standing out in front of him instead of hanging flaccid between the top of his thighs. June was in the middle of saying something to Amy when she stopped mid-sentence and said, "Holy ..."
Amy had her back to June when she looked at Brian and a huge grin spread across her face with pride knowing June was looking at the very cock that had filled her pussy many times since that first night. Amy turned and handed June a glass of lemonade before saying, "Come on we can go sit down in the living room."
June followed Amy into the living room where Amy motioned for June to sit in one recliner while she grabbed a towel and spread it out on the seat of the other recliner. June looked over at the couch and was surprised to see her daughter Sarah sitting and talking to Angela wearing only her panties. June didn't say anything to her daughter only because of Amy's openness about their nudist lifestyle. She also noticed Angela was sitting cross legged facing her daughter and her pussy was spread open.
When June looked back at Amy to say something and she noticed Amy had reclined her seat and sat with her knees bent, legs spread with her feet on the foot rest. Even from a side view, June could see Amy's spread open, hairless pussy.
June cleared her throat before she tried to speak but nothing came out, so she cleared her throat again and this time she asked, "Amy, what are you going to do if the boys come in here?"
Amy sipped her lemonade before asking, "What do you mean?"
"Ummm, you know, you ... ahhhh ... have ... oh shit, I can see your pussy. I can see your spread open pussy." June finally said after trying to say it a polite way.
"June, I'm proud of my body and I don't care who sees it. Our family took a unanimous vote to try the nudist lifestyle. One of the things the guys were concerned about was the fact that our female sexual organs are basically hidden between our legs so they couldn't see it. They stated, rightly so, their cocks and balls hang in plain sight. We held a second vote which turned out to be a unanimous vote that Angela and I wouldn't hide any of our body parts. Therefore, when Angela and I sit down, we agreed to spread our legs so the guys could see our pussy if they wanted to. It was the only fair thing to do for the guys." Amy explained.
"But ... but ... you are their mother, they came out of you down there." June clamored.
"June please understand, I saw you looking at Brian's half hard cock when we were in the kitchen, nothing was hidden, you saw it all. Angela, please stand up."
Angela turned and stood up facing her mom. "Turn to face June. June, can you see Angela's pussy other than the top of her slit where it disappears between her legs?" Amy questioned.
"Well no ...," June said as she looked at Angela's naked body."
"Sarah honey," Amy said, "Please stand up beside Angela and take off your panties for me if you will."
"Sure," Sarah said, as she stood up and turned to face her mom.
Sarah hooked her thumbs into her panties and started to push them down and with a couple of side to side wiggles they were at mid-thigh and when she let go of them, the panties slid smoothly to the floor. Although Sarah had some pubic hair, the top of her slit was visible before it disappeared between her thighs.
Sarah turned towards Amy when Amy said, "See June, if the boys were in here now, they wouldn't see much, except if they looked at me."
Sarah spoke up saying, "Mom, I like this. I feel so free without my clothes on. The guys are out in the kitchen and they know Angela and Mrs. White are naked. Yet they aren't in here drooling."
June looked at Amy before saying, "Maybe I'm just reading too much into this. With all the abductions and girls being raped, I'm just nervous that being naked would promote more violence against women and girls."
"We are in our own home June. It's not like our girls are out running around on the street completely naked. No one is going to see them except us, or maybe the mail man or an occasional deliver person. So really, being nude at home is no big deal."
"June, we've been living this lifestyle for a little while now and we haven't encountered any problems. Actually, our family is much closer now than we've ever been. The kids don't fight any more; actually I think they are more protective of their sister now. Believe it or not, the kids accepted and adapted to nudism better than Ken and I did. They don't have the same hang ups that we adults have." Amy stated.
The girls were standing up so Angela suggested they go to her room and listen to some music. Sarah reached down and picked up her panties and put them on top of her other clothes, then both girls took off towards Angela's room.
"Amy," June started to talk then paused, "What happens if you aren't home some time and your sons take advantage of Angela?"
"First, let me say neither Andy nor Brian would ever "take advantage" of their sister. They would die trying to kill anybody that did try. Second, I recently took Angela to the gynecologist and had her checked up and they gave her the Depo-Provera birth control shot while we were there. I'm sure you've heard about it. That way if Angela does decide to do something, she won't have to wonder if she took her pill on schedule." Amy said in a matter of fact voice.
"Oh my God," June said, "You speak so easily about the possibility of your daughter having sex and I'm so uptight hoping it doesn't happen to my Sarah."
"Think back to when you were a teenager; do you remember having any rational thoughts at that age? Almost everything we did back then was on impulse, because we were invincible. Remember? I want to protect my daughter just in case she does something. The shot is the best way to do that because once it takes effect she'll be protected without having to take a pill daily... maybe ... hopefully! It has nothing to do with her being nude; it's about the guy who may convince her he's interested in being with her for the rest of their lives, just to get in her panties. I also want her protected in case of peer pressure for her to give it up. I'm sure you remember stuff like that, I do." Amy argued.
"OH MY GOD! YES, I remember," June conceded, "I was a cheerleader and there was plenty of pressure for us to take care of the football players. Our star quarterback fucked all of us at one time or other. I wanted to wait for my wedding night but the other girls convinced me it was my turn. They made sure I didn't get out of it. I was so scared I would get pregnant. On the night it happened, I was in the right time of my cycle and I was able to douche and get all that sperm out of me. Luckily I didn't get pregnant."
"The captain of our cheer squad waited for one Saturday afternoon when our coaches had to leave right after the game, before she did anything. Oh, I'd better stop; you don't want to hear this." June said.
"June," Amy spoke up saying, "If it makes you feel any better to tell someone, I'm all ears. We've known each other for years and you never said anything. I don't care what you tell me, but from the sounds of it, you're telling me a story that verifies my decision to get the shot for Angela."
"Can we go someplace where it's more private?" June asked.
"We can go to my room but since we started living our nudist lifestyle, we don't close our doors any more. At least sitting here we can see who comes into the room and stop talking. If we went to my room we won't be able to see anyone standing in the hall." Amy said.
"Alright, we can stay here. Amy, please this is so embarrassing,PLEASEdon't share what I'm about to tell you,WITH ANYONE!" Amy, I'm not sure if you were a cheerleader or not but there's a lot of pressure, first to get on the team, then there was a lot of pressure to stay on the team." June added with disappointment in her voice.
"OH GOD!" June said, "Why am I telling you this now? I can see all this so vividly in my mind."
"June, sometimes the strangest things happen for a reason, one that will forever remain unknown to us. I don't know what triggers memories in our brains but maybe it's just time for you to tell someone. I'm a great listener, so you can tell me anything and I promise I'll keep it to myself." Amy smiled along with her reply.
June took a couple of deep breaths, paused, looked at Amy before she started her story, "You see, as I said, the coaches had some dinner they had to go to on that Saturday night, so right after the game was over, they picked up their equipment and left. Prior to the game, they had made arrangements with the custodians to lock up the locker rooms, when we finished showering. Well, one of the girls found out about the arrangements and told our cheer captain. She immediately went to the custodian and asked him if he could wait and lock up later because they were having a surprise party for one of the cheerleaders. From what I understand, he said he had plenty of work to do so we could take our time, for the party."
"So being that we were unsupervised, the girls let some of the team know we weren't going to be disturbed and they invited the whole first string football players to our girl's locker room. They brought their bags so they could shower with us."
"We were in the locker room and a few of the girls were already naked and many of us were only wearing our bras and panties when the guys arrived. They hooted and cheered until our cheer captain told them they had to keep it down just in case the custodian walked by in the hall way." June said as she took a couple more deep breaths.
"To make a long story shorter, all of us were basically the willing victims of this get together. I say willing victims because if we wanted to stay on the cheer squad, we had to agree to do whatever we were encouraged to do. Talk about peer pressure."
"All of us in the locker room wereencouragedto come to the front of the locker room where there was a large open space, no matter if we were naked or whatever stage of undress. The cheer captainencouragedus to stand in the middle of the circle formed by the football players. We were given a choice to participate or get kicked off the cheer leading squad. Each of us had a lot of time invested in the squad, so the last thing we wanted to happen was to get kicked out of cheerleading."
"As I said a few of the girls were already naked so they were encouraged to stand with their hands on top of their head and their feet parted at least shoulder width apart. Our cheer captain moved into the center of the circle and positioned the naked girls around so they were facing different players. Oh, this is so embarrassing." June said.
"You can stop if you want to June. I don't want you to do anything you don't want to do." Amy told her.
"Uumm ... I know, but I think I've kept this inside me for too long. Amy if you really don't mind listening ..." June replied.
"I'm a great listener. I'll listen to anything you want to tell me." Amy looked at June with a gentle smile.
"Ok, well ... I was wearing my panties and my bra so they positioned me in front of the captain of the football team. Our cheer captain encouraged me to look directly into his eyes and take off my bra. As you can see, I don't have big boobs and they were even smaller back then. When I took off my bra and let it drop, the football captain asked me if I was a boy. When I didn't answer him immediately, our cheer captain spanked my ass twice, fast and hard."
He laughed at me before he asked me, "Hey do you have a cock or a cunt in those panties. Are you a cross-dresser?"
I barely whispered I had a pussy in my panties, but I got two more spankings for not answering the question. Finally, I blurted out I had a cunt in my panties.
He laughed again and then said, "I don't believe you. I want to see what's in your panties. Pull your panties down real slow so I can be surprised."
"Amy ... I ahhh ... I was so embarrassed. To my knowledge, no man or boy had ever seen what was under my panties and here I was in front of the whole first sting and the football captain wanted me to pull down my panties."
"Our cheer captain was in my ear yelling, "What are you going to do JUNE? Are you going to do it? You know you don't have to, you can get dressed and leave right now,FOREVER!"
"OH GOD AMY! I pushed my thumbs under the elastic of my panties and stood there. I was so nervous. I remember all this as if it happened only yesterday. I put pressure on my hands and my panties started to slide. I blinked back the tears because I didn't want anyone to tease me for crying. It was simply horrible but I knew I had to do it or I'd be off the cheer squad."
"When my panties were down far enough that the top of my bush came into view, the football captain told everyone he could see my pubic hair but he couldn't see my cock yet. Everyone laughed. I hesitated and choked back my tears and our cheer captain slapped my ass again. I wanted to get it over with so bad I shoved down on my panties and they hung up in my pussy before they popped free. There I stood in front of the football captain looking him directly in the eyes. I watched as he looked down at my hairy pussy. I felt so humiliated standing there for the first time completely naked in front of not just one boy but the whole first string. And the captain was staring directly at my pussy."
He started to laugh again as he said, "Either you have a very tiny dick or a cunt but I can't tell with all the pubic hair. I want to see which one you have, so turn around and bend over at the waist, spread your feet wide apart and spread your ass cheeks as wide as you can."
"I slowly turned around and looked into the faces of all the other cheerleaders and not one of them showed any signs of sympathy for me. Every one of them had to do something to stay on the team and today was my turn. I not only had to go through the humiliation but I was encouraged to donate my body to the football captain to do as he wished with me. But first he wanted to humiliate me in front of everyone. I pulled my ass cheeks apart and spread my feet so he had a clear view of my spread open pussy. What was even more humiliating was the fact that my body betrayed me and my pussy was soaking wet. My juices made my pubic hair all wet and shiny."
"I'm so sorry you had to go through that June. It must have been a horrible experience." Amy said when June paused to take a couple of breaths.
"Oh, there's more." June added. "He told our cheer captain he wanted her to shave my pussy bald before he would fuck me. He told everyone he wanted to know he was fucking a girl and not some guy. Our cheer captain went to her locker and got a pair of scissors, a disposable razor and some shaving cream. I was encouraged to stand up and spread my feet so she could trim off my bush with everyone watching."
"Once she finished cutting off the long hairs I was encouraged to lie down on a bench and spread my legs while our cheer captain shaved off the remaining pubic hair and make me completely smooth. To make matters worse she told me raise my legs so she could shave all the hair around my asshole and my ass crack."
"While our cheer captain was shaving me, the football captain licked his finger and inserted into my asshole and finger fucked me. When she finished shaving me I had to go rinse off the remaining shaving cream then stand with the other girls with my hands on my head and my feet spread apart until everyone was naked."
"I was technically still a virgin even though I lost my hymen to a banana, one day when I was experimenting. So until that day in the locker room, I'd never seen a real live penis. The football captain took pleasure in humiliating me and making me suck his cock while everyone watched. He even escorted me around the room and let his entire first string play with my small tits and my pussy before he made me bend over, spread my feet and touch the floor with my hands."
"I felt him rub his cock in the wetness of my spread open pussy a couple of times before he slammed his cock all the way into me. It was a good thing I was wet because he would have hurt me, if I wasn't. He only lasted a few pumps before he groaned, gripped my hips and pulled my pussy tight against him as he shot his load inside me. That was it, he only wanted to cum inside me and he was finished."
"I was "his girl" when he declared his victory and everyone had to take a shower together. Like all the other cheerleaders, I had to suck several cocks while we were in the showers. They encouraged us to rotate, and even our cheer captain was encouraged to strip and take a shower with us. That was my first and worst exposure to being naked in front of others." June said as she finished her story.
"There were other things we were encouraged to do," June said, "but I'm sure you've heard enough for one day."
"I'm so sorry that you had an experience like that June. However, around here, no one is going to humiliate you or as you put it, encourage you to do something you don't really want to do." Amy said quietly.
"It's not your fault, so there's no need for you to apologize. I didn't know you back then and like Sarah said before they left the room, the boys know Angela was in here naked and they weren't in here drooling over her naked body." June added.
"You know," June said, "We've been here for a long time and the kids are quiet, let's see what they are doing."
Amy closed her legs and pushed her recliner upright and stood up. June stood up and looked at Amy's body before she pulled her tank top off and pushed her shorts down. In seconds, June was topless with only a pair of bikini panties covering her lower body. "What do you think, should I get rid of these also? My kids have seen me in my panties before, as I said, I don't have much up on top to worry about."
Amy smiled asking, "Would you prefer I help you take them off so you can claim you didn't do it yourself?"
June looked nervously at Amy before she said, "My son is here, and he'll see me."
"And he should see you, all of you. You need to be proud of your body; you are in good shape and look great." Amy said with admiration towards her friend.
"No, I think for old time's sake," June said with a half-smile on her face, "I think I'll keep my panties on for now and if Hank wants to see what's under them, then he'll have to take them off me. I don't want to shock my son by just walking up to him completely naked."
Amy and June walked side by side to Angela's room where they found both girls lying on Angela's bed with their legs spread, eyes closed and sharing a set of ear buds. Both girls were wiggling to the music. Amy smiled and said, "See June, the girls look so natural being nude."
Amy suggested they go see what the guys were doing so they walked back to the kitchen together and didn't find the boys. Amy opened the back door and found the three guys sitting under the umbrella and playing Monopoly on the table.
All three looked towards the door when it opened and they saw both Amy and June step out on the deck. A chorus of "Hi Mom." rang out. June got the bigger shock when she saw her son was completely naked also.
Both Amy and June walked over towards the table and June asked, "Whose winning?"
Hank looked up at her and said, "Nobody is winning yet."
"Uumm mom," Hank said, "You don't need your panties on while we're here. I kinda like being nude, I hope we can do this when we go home."
"You don't want to see your mom's old body do you?" June asked Hank.
"Mom," Hank replied, "I haven't seen a lot of naked girls, at least real live ones, but from what I've seen in magazines, you're looking pretty good standing there. I love your panties but you don't have to wear them if you don't want to. I think I'd love to see you without them."
"Well, mister smooth talker," June said as she stepped closer to her son, "If you'd like to see me without them, then maybe you'd like to be the one to take them off me. If you want me to be nude, you'll have to be the one to uncover the treasure you'd like to see."
"Are you serious mom? Would you allow me to take off your panties and would you not wear them when we're home?" Hank asked in surprise.
"If that's what you want son." June replied, "If you take off my panties now, I'll promise not to wear anything when we're at home. I'll be nude with you and your sister from now on."
Hank stood up and immediately Amy and June noticed Hank's six or seven in cock was standing up at a forty five degree angle. He looked down and said, "Sorry mom that happens all the time. I can't control it."
June smiled and said, "No son, you can't control it but I'm positive you know what to do to take care of it."
Hank smiled at his mom as he dropped to his knees in front of her. He looked straight ahead at theVbetween her thighs and the white panties that covered the hidden treasure underneath. He could see the outline of her pussy lips in the crotch of her panties. After a brief hesitation he reached out with shaky hands and turned his eyes upward to look into his mother's eyes as his hands touched the waist band of her panties. His eyes probed deep into her eyes looking for any sign of doubt. When he saw none, he pulled gently. At first nothing happened so he pulled harder and they began to slide. Hank couldn't wait and he tore his eyes away from his mother's eyes and looked straight ahead as he revealed more and more pubic area, which delighted him to see, was bald. He'd seen many girls in the magazines he had under his bed and all of them had a bald pussy. Hank really liked seeing the girl's bald pussy best, because he could see everything.
Now he was on his knees in front of his mom and just as he was ready to reveal her pussy, Angela and Sarah walked out of the house and saw what was happening but Sarah asked anyway, "Hank what are you doing?"
"Mom said if I wanted her to be nude, I had to take her panties off myself. She also said if I took them off, she wouldn't wear her panties ever again at home and we could be nude also."
"REALLY MOM?" Sarah squealed, "Can we be nude at home too? Oh, I'm so glad we came over here."
Sarah ran over to her mother and hugged her while Hank finished pulling her panties down and June stepped out of them. Hank looked at the treasure he uncovered and instinctively he reached out and cupped her pussy with his hand. June jumped in surprise but she didn't move away or say anything. June actually lifted one foot and when she set it down again, it was further away than it was before. Hank felt the moisture from his mom's pussy and instinctively he slipped his middle finger up inside her. June once again jumped when she felt his finger enter her, but she didn't tell him to stop either. He only wiggled his finger a few times and then withdrew his hand from between her legs.
With his sister standing so close to her mother her bald pussy was right in front of his face. Hank looked up at his sister asking, "Sis, may I kiss it?"
Sarah didn't say a word, even when she saw Hank lean towards her pussy. She saw his left hand start to rise so she moved just enough to give his full access to her pussy. He slipped his hand between Sarah's thighs, covered her pussy and gently pushed his middle finger between her slippery lips. He leaned towards his mom's bald pussy and kissed it. Finally he said, "I going to love being home now with both of these lovely ladies, especially if they will be staying nude."
"I agree with ya dude," Brian said, "We sure have some good lookin' women hanging around us. Each one of them is equally beautiful."
Amy smiled at her son and her heart swelled with pride hearing her son refer to her as beautiful, in the same sentence with the two younger girls.
June said, "We'll let you get back to your game, have fun."
As June and Amy were walking away towards the kitchen door, they heard Brian tell Hank he was going to jerk off because he had a hard-on too. They also heard both girls say, "We want to watch you jerk off."
Amy and June refilled their glasses with more lemonade and went back to the living room and sat down in the recliners. Once they were seated Amy said, "Ok, I'll share one of my stories with you."
"My sister was a cheerleader and I used to practice with her a lot. So when I was ready to join, I had already learned many of the routines. I wanted to be a cheerleader so bad. My sister loved being a cheerleader and it was hard for me to wait until I got into high school. But like you, to get on the squad, the senior girls made us younger girls do a few things for initiation. Our cheer captain was one of the senior girls."
"We had to swear to secrecy that we would never divulge anything about the initiation to anyone including friends, teachers, parents, siblings, no one at all. That's why my sister never told me to expect to go through an initiation. We were warned even if we were implicated with telling, we would be off the squad. I was so scared they were going to do something terrible to me during the initiation. The first thing our cheer captain made everyone strip naked in the locker room and stay naked until she personally inspected us."
"At the first inspection, anyone who had pubic hair had to shave it off in the shower before the inspection could continue. Have you ever tied to shave off a bush with a disposable razor without trimming first? The razor kept clogging and the senior girls yelled at us that we were going to cause them to be late for class. When we finished shaving, we had to line up, spread our feet so our cheer captain could inspect us by rubbing her hand over our pussy to make sure it was totally smooth. We were instructed to make sure we stayed smooth all the time."
"Part of our initiation was to dress in our cheer uniforms, without the uniform briefs, wearing only our panties and they had to be sheer panties. We were warned to do exactly as our cheer captain requested without question or hesitation, or we would face a penalty or be kicked off the squad."
"For me," Amy said, "The cheer captain caught me in the library during study hall and made me follow her until we were between the book shelves. Her first request was for me to remove my panties and hand them to her. I knew I didn't have a choice so I reached under my skirt and pushed my panties down until they fell on the floor. I bent over and picked them up and handed them to her. I watched in horror as she turned around and tossed them on the floor in the main aisle between the book shelves. Anyone sitting at one of the tables would be able to see my panties on the floor."
"I didn't know it at the time but one of the other cheerleaders had the undivided attention of the librarian at the other end of the library. My cheer captain requested that I lift my skirt up as far as it would go and hold it up for five minutes. I had to spread my feet apart and I was not allowed to move or cover myself in any way, no matter who came down our aisle. Within a few minutes I was sweating profusely because a few of students walked past and looked at my bald pussy. I was worried they would tell the librarian."
Amy continued by saying, "When my time was up I had to walk out into the other aisle with my skirt held up and bend over with my feet apart and my ass towards the main part of the library before I could pick up my panties. I was requested to remain in the bent over position for at least ten seconds. That meant my pussy and asshole would be facing the students in the library and there were some sitting at the tables and desks. I'm positive they saw what I normally have hidden."
June spoke up asking, "Weren't you embarrassed? I would have been."
Amy's reply was, "My drive to be a cheerleader overrode any embarrassment or humiliation. I figured I would be out on the field half naked jumping up and down showing off my pussy covered only by my uniform briefs, so what difference did it make."
"On the Saturday of our big homecoming game, my first year as a cheerleader, our cheer captain told us to be at the school by ten o'clock in morning so we could exercise and be limbered up for the game. We all met in the school parking lot at the appointed time. Our cheer captain had three cars there with football players for drivers. We got into the cars and off we went to some narrow back road. They stopped by a large field and we could see a large red barn on the other side."
"All of us got out of the cars and the guy in the lead car got out and opened the trunk. Our cheer captain said, "Girls, come up here by this car and take off all of your clothes and throw them in the trunk. The only thing you can keep on is your sneakers."
Amy paused before she said, "We all stood by the open trunk and tossed each item of clothes into the trunk, as we took it off. Needless to say, if we had to get dressed in a hurry, that wasn't going to happen. Everything was mixed on one big pile. To make matters worse, when we finished stripping down to our sneakers, the driver closed the lid and got in the car and drove away followed by the other two cars. We were stranded on that country road without a stitch of clothing to cover our body."
"Our captain told us to line up to do some exercises. All of us lined up right there in the road and our naked captain took us through several stretching exercises before she led us in jumping jacks."
"Once we were warmed up she told us we had to jog three miles down the road before we reached the car with our clothes in it. She led the way. A short distance down the road, we heard a tractor and soon we saw the tractor. We stopped jogging and stood on the side of the road since there wasn't enough room on the road for us and the tractor too."
"The young man driving the tractor stopped in the road about five feet from us and got off and walked over to us. He looked at each of us; actually he stared at our boobs and or our pussy. He wanted to know if we were alright and if we needed any help. Our captain told him we were getting some exercise."
"He rubbed his cock through his pants and told us he sure liked the way we were dressed to exercise. Then he asked if any of us would be interested in helping him exercise, especially since we were trespassing on his property."
"Our captain looked stunned when she inquired; this is just a country road, right?"
"The young man confirmed we were on a country road but it was a private road not a public one. He informed us he built the road to go between his farm and fields without going out on the highway. He told us there were two signs at each end of the road. One of them said Private Road and the other said NO Trespassing."
"Our captain said when she came out to scout out a place for us to exercise, she didn't see the signs, nor did she see the signs this time when we came. She inquired if the signs could have been covered by leaves from nearby trees. She also apologized for us trespassing. But the young farmer didn't care, he told us we were trespassing and that's it."
"He told us we added beauty to the country side and that he wouldn't mind working out a deal with us to use the road more often. So our captain asked what he was willing to negotiate for the use of his private road. He stood there rubbing his cock through his pants and it was obvious to me and the other girls that he wanted something we had."
"His offer to our cheer captain was if one of us would fuck him right then and there, we'd only have to put out again once in a while when we used the road. However if he could only get a blow job, someone would have to give him a blow job every time we wanted to use the road. The worst part of his offer was he got to choose the time and place to receive his blow job."
"Our captain made a counter offer of us coming to the farm basically as eye candy and we would be naked."
"The young farmer wasn't interested in an offer, except his own. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his very big cock and stood there stroking it in front of all of us. He told our captain that we were trespassing, plain and simple so we either agreed to one of his terms or he would call the cops and have us arrested for trespassing and then call the newspaper and let them know we were caught naked on his road."
"After a pause he made his offer again. He told us he may be a farmer but his mother didn't raise no fools. He said she taught them to mind their own business and stay off other people's land, unless invited. He let us know we had not been invited and if we walked away, he would have all of us arrested for trespassing."
Amy let out a sigh and said, "Our captain was a blonde so she didn't see we were in dire straits to give up a blow job or one or more of us would have to give up some pussy to get us out of the situation."
"Finally one of the girls asked the young farmer point blank, what it would take for us to be able to move along and not get in any trouble."
He told us since our leader hesitated to accept his offer; the price was going up, this time. He looked us over and chose two girls plus our cheer captain, before saying, "If the three of you volunteer to take care of me, all of you can go and I won't cause you no problems. If you want to come back in the future to use this road, you'll have to stop at the farm first and let me know."
He told us if we met his terms today, he'd be willing to pull out 'cause he didn't have any condoms with him. He went on to say we didn't have to worry; he was clean and didn't have any diseases, because he didn't have any girlfriend. He told us he was too busy with the farm to go looking. The last thing he said made us giggle. He said, "The only pussy I've been getting lately is from ole mother thumb and her four daughters." He held up his right hand.
June and Amy both cracked up laughing. After a few minutes June asked, "Well, did anyone let him have her?"
"Yes, the two girls he chose stepped forward and took turns bending over and one by one he made each of them have an orgasm before he blew his first load of cum on our cheer captain's back. The thing is; his cock didn't go down so another girl volunteered and he made her have an orgasm too. He went through seven girls and caused each one to have an orgasm before his cock finally went down. That boy had stamina. Oh and to finish the story, our captain took us out there a few more times. One of our cheerleaders ended up dating him and when we graduated she married him."
"Now June, I wanted my daughter to be on some form of birth control so she would be protected in case she was put in a position where she had to make a decision. I wasn't going to put her on it this early but after talking to my sister-in-law who's a cop, I decided now was far better than later." Amy said.
"You know Amy, you're absolutely right. I'm going to make an appointment for Sarah and get her checked over and then have her get the shot too."
"Amy I have to ask you a personal question." June said in a low voice even though no one was in the room.
"Go ahead," Amy said, "If it's too personal I may not have an answer for you."
"Uumm ... outside ... after Hank pulled my panties down, he cupped his hand on my pussy and slipped his finger inside me. He did the same thing to his sister and then he kissed our pussies. The worst part is, neither one of us pulled away or said anything to him. I'm mixed up in my feelings. I want to tell him that wasn't right but at the same time, it's been a long time since a man has put his hand on my sex. I'm positive he's never done that to Sarah either but he did today. My husband was killed by a drunk driver seven years ago and I've had no one since. What should I do?"
Amy leaned over and quietly said, "I'm sorry about your husband, I've always wondered because Sarah has never mentioned him. I'm sure it must have been really rough raising two young children all by yourself. But apparently, you've done a fine job because both of your children are well mannered. The best advice I can offer you is to follow your heart. I also want to say, whatever goes on inside the walls of your house is no one else's business."
"Amy, are you saying what I think you're saying?" June inquired.
"The only suggestion I made to you," Amy smiled as she said, "Was to follow your heart."
"But Hank touched me. What should I do if he does it again?" June pleaded.
"June, I can't tell you what to do. That's your decision and yours alone. If it felt good ..." Amy left her sentence hanging.
Amy looked directly into June's eyes before she said, "If you want to talk to me at any time day or night, call me."
"But ... what if ... I let ... Oh my ... is it really possible Amy? IS IT?" June queried.
"June ... sweetheart ... what you do and what you allow to happen is between you and your family members. It's no one else's business, not even mine. If you want to tell me what you do, that will be up to you but you don't have to justify your actions with anyone." Amy reassured her friend.
"OH MY WORD!" June said, "My mind is running wild with ideas and scenarios of possibilities. Amy, that's against the law. How would I live with myself if I did that?"
"June, I can't tell you what to do or even advise you, but if you let your heart guide you, I'm positive you'll make the right decision. When you follow your heart, it can't be wrong if it feels so right." Amy said with a smile.
June searched Amy's eyes for an answer but none was forth coming. Amy said, "Let's go out and see how the Monopoly game is coming along."
Both women stood up and June turned to Amy saying, "Thank you so much, I'm glad I came over here today. I've learned a lot and I hope we can get together more often."
"If you're free for dinner, I haven't planned anything so we can make something together and you and your family can stay. Ken will be home later and I'm sure he'll be happy to have extra company." Amy added with a huge smile.
"Are you sure we won't be intruding if we stay for dinner?" June asked.
"I've got an idea; let's go ask the kids if they want to stay for dinner." Amy suggested.
Both women walked out on the deck and saw the kids were still playing Monopoly. Sarah was sitting between Andy and Brian and Angela was sitting between Brian and Hank. Amy noticed right away both Sarah and Angela had their legs spread wide and their delicate pussy was on display for anyone looking.
Amy walked over and stood next to Brian and immediately parted her feet so her thighs weren't blocking the view of her pussy. June walked over and stood next to Hank and when she saw how Amy was standing, she did the same thing. Both Amy and June asked questions about the game and they each received filtered answers because everyone was concentrating on the game.
Finally Amy asked, "June would you and the kids like to stay for dinner? We can make it together if you'd like."
Sarah asked, "Can we stay mom?
Hank added, "We're having fun here."
Just as June was about to answer, she felt a hand touch the inside of her leg. For the first few seconds it remained still and then it started to slide up and down mid-thigh. The hand only moved three or four inches up and then back down. With an unsteady voice she said, "I don't see why we can't if both of you really want to."
Hank spoke up and said, "Yeah mom, I'd love to stay. I know you said we could be nude at home but this is pretty cool hanging out here."
In the same unsteady voice June asked, "So you like what you're doing?"
The double meaning wasn't lost to Hank and with a little squeeze of his hand on the inside of his mother's thigh, he replied, "Yes, I really love what we're doing and I want to continue to do this and more."
June's heart fluttered hearing those words come out of her son's mouth. She concentrated on keeping her composure at the same time she pushed her leg against Hank's bare leg. That's all it took for his hand to move higher each time he moved up and down her leg. Hank's hand didn't quite touch her pussy again but it came close a few times. The amazing part that June didn't understand was her pussy was wet, very wet, almost to the point of leaking.
"Amy," June said, "Do you think we should go inside and find something for dinner?"
"Sure, come on, let's go." Amy replied.
June stepped back out of Hank's reach and turned to go with Amy. Once inside June asked, "May I use your bathroom?"
"Yes, of course you can. It's just down the hall on the right." Amy said with a knowing smile. She had seen Hank's hand rubbing the inside of his mother's thigh.
***************************
Ted pulled up in front of the Simpson's new home and got out of his car. He looked at the van and then walked towards the house. He rang the doorbell and waited for Tina to answer the door. Almost a minute later he heard Tina ask, "Who is it?"
Ted spoke up saying, "Tina its Ted, I came over to find out what happened today."
Even though she thought she recognized Ted's voice she opened the door with the chain on it and peeked out before she closed the door again and removed the chair. When she opened the door again she said, "I'm sorry Ted. I didn't mean to cause a problem. Trudy just struck a wrong note with me."
"That's ok Tina, Ted replied, "I want my officers to be professional and always uphold the law but at the same time they need to understand every situation isn't always black and white. I believe we need to evaluate every situation on its own merits."
Tina opened the door and Ted walked inside. Tina called out to her kids and they came bounding down the stairs. Each one of them greeted Ted by saying, "Hello Officer Johnson."
Ted leaned over and hugged each one of them and asked them if they liked their new house. All three kids gave Ted a quick reply and then ran out of the room and out onto the deck.
Tina offered Ted something to drink and Ted accepted some iced tea. Tina and Ted sat down at the kitchen table and talked while the kids played on the deck.
A couple of times while Tina was telling her story, Ted smiled and a few chuckles escaped his lips. Ted was trying to picture petite sized Tina blowing up at Officer Hackman. Ted listened to Tina's side of the story and asked her some questions as a good officer should. He wanted to make sure he had as much information as possible before he talked to the crew in the van.
When they finished talking, Tina gave Ted a tour through her new house and then they went out in the back yard and looked around. Finally Ted said, "I've got to go out and talk to my people in the van and then I have a few more things to do before I go home. Tina take care of yourself and don't worry, you won't have anyone else visiting you."
"I don't mind if they want to come in and sit down and have a cold drink, but I don't want to be judged for the lifestyle we've chosen to live. Actually Ted, you can tell them if they want to get out of the van and stretch their legs, they can come up to the house anytime for a cold drink. I'll only give them non-alcoholic drinks, of course." Tina added.
Ted walked out on the front porch and Tina followed him, still nude. Ted kept it professional looking and he reached out his hand and shook hands with Tina instead of giving her a hug. He knew his crew was watching him.
Ted walked down to the van, which was a luxury styled van, not like the small vans you see making deliveries. This one looked like it could be someone's camper so it didn't look out of place sitting on the curb. This van was set up for hi-tech surveillance. It was loaded with plenty of technology. There was an independent air conditioning system and a special exhaust system to keep the inside of the van cool. The equipment produced a lot of heat and all of it had to be running during surveillance.
Ted got into the van and greeted his officers. They talked about general stuff before Trudy broached the subject of Tina being nude on her front porch. Ted listened to her report without interrupting. While Ted listened, he looked at the male officer in the van, several times. When Trudy finished, Ted asked her some questions and listened closely to her answers at the same time he watched the male partner.
It became apparent to Ted by the actions of the male partner there had been a difference of an opinion between the two of them. Several times he rolled his eyes when Trudy was telling her story. Finally Ted asked, "Officer Hackman, are you bored with this detail? Do you want to get off this assignment and go back on the road?"
Trudy huffed and asked Ted, "Are you taking her side? She broke the law and you were a witness just now when she came out on the porch naked. She needs to get a ticket at the very minimum."
"I'm not taking anyone's side, as you put it. I asked you a question and your rant didn't answer that question. However, I have a solution to the current problem. Tomorrow morning, I want you to report to me, in my office and I'll assign you to something else." Ted replied in a calm voice.
Trudy looked at Ted and he could see her face changing colors and just as she was about to explode, he said in a quiet voice, "If you say one more word, I'll suspend you for three days so you'll have time to cool your jets."
Ted stepped out of the van and used his cell phone to call the office and have a female replacement sent out to the Simpson detail. Ted stepped back into the van and waited while he tried to be talkative with the two people inside. The male officer talked openly while Trudy was very quiet. When the replacement arrived Ted asked Trudy to step outside the van with him. He told her she was relieved from the Simpson detail and she needed to leave the area immediately and she was not to return for any reason.
After she left, Ted and the replacement got into the van and Ted briefed the two officers what he expected them to do. He referred to the book with the detail instructions and asked both of them to review it. He asked if there were any questions. Neither officer had a question so Ted said, "If you need me, I'm only a radio call away."
***************************
Beth and I took the elevator up to our floor and when we walked into Kelly's office we saw two smiling secretaries. Both Kelly and Allison stood up and welcomed us back. Kelly excitedly asked, "So how was your lunch. The whole building is buzzing about the helicopter landing out here to pick you up."
I smiled and said, "We had a wonderful lunch and we met some very important people and I believe we are going to have a great working relationship. Oh and the food was great too."
Beth said, "It was a little scary riding in the helicopter. I've never been in one before and when we took off and started to rise straight up, I squeezed Dan's hand so hard it's a wonder he has any feeling left. You can't imagine what it's like hovering over a place and looking down. It's nothing like riding in a plane where you're moving forward constantly. OH GOD, it was a wonderful ride. Oh and my lunch was delicious also."
"How was your lunch?" Beth asked.
Kelly and Allison looked at each other quickly and then back at us before Allison said, "I have something for you Dan."
Without hesitation Allison lifted her skirt, hooked her thumbs into her panties and pushed them down until she stepped out of them. She then pulled her skirt back up to show me her bald pussy before she walked around the desk and held out her panties, in front of me, with the white gusset facing upwards. I looked down at her offering before I reached out and picked up her panties and while looking directly into her eyes, I raised them to my nose and took a deep breath of her wonderful womanly scent.
"I want to be part of this team. I don't care what duties I have, I want a chance to prove what I can do and I'm willing to do whatever it takes to convince you I'm committed to helping make this company the best it can be." Allison said as I continued to inhale her scent.
"Dan, Beth, I want both of you to know you can call upon me for anything and I do mean anything. I am standing in front of you showing you what few have seen. I want both of you to know you get the whole package and not just my mind."
Beth spoke up before I had a chance to, by saying, "I'm not sure what brought this on and I don't care. What I care about is a person's commitment to do the best job. Dan might be the boss but both of you work for me. We are standing in an open office and anyone could come in here at any time. Allison, are you really committed to your endeavor? Are you ready to finish what you started?"
Nothing more had to be said. Allison looked at me and then at Beth when she dropped her skirt and reached up and unbuttoned her jacket. She shrugged it off her shoulders. She placed her jacket on the desk and without hesitation she went right to work on the buttons of her blouse. I continued to inhale her scent from her panties as I watched her lovely breasts come into view when the cups of her bra slipped off those beautiful globes topped with pink areola. I inhaled deeply as Allison's skirt slid down her thighs and off her feet as she stepped out of it. Allison deposited her skirt on the desk and then turned to face me dressed only in her thigh high stockings and her heels.
I looked, ... No I stared at her naked body. Her breasts were larger than I prefer but both of them were very beautiful. She had large "D" sized breasts which were spherical in shape without any sag. Allison's nipples were the size of the end of my pinky finger and centered in the middle of her breasts. She had a slender build which was nicely tanned. Her breasts were pronounced on her chest, but fit her build perfectly. Her hips were flared slightly and her pussy was shaved or waxed bald. Her clit hood protruded from her slit.
The silence was broken when Allison said, "Dan, Beth, I want both of you to know again, I am committed to doing the whole job to the best of my ability, whatever it takes. This is the first time you've seen this body and it will not be the last time if that's what it takes to be part of the team. I give you my word, I will never divulge anything we may or may not do in the office or in private. What you see is what you get, including my brain of course." Allison giggled at the end of her impromptu speech. She sounded just a little bit nervous.
I looked at Allison and said, "You said you would love to be part of my team but who told you to give me your panties?"
Kelly spoke up saying, "Dan, I have to confess. We went to Pierpont's for lunch. I made reservation for a quiet place for us to have lunch. We were standing by the matre d' when the waiter Beth and I had during our lunch recognized me and came over and took us to that private room and once again assured me we would not be disturbed nor would anyone else enter besides him."
"To make a long story short, we enjoyed lunch in the nude. Come to find out, Allison is also a nudist. Our waiter was very helpful and he returned many times to make sure we were satisfied with our meals or to re-fill our wine glasses." Kelly said.
"I really don't think our being nude had anything to do with the excellent service we received along with the delicious food they served." Allison said with a giggle.
"Allison, I noticed your lack of tan lines and I was going to ask if you tanned naturally or used a tanning bed." Beth said.
Allison smiled and said, "No Beth this body spends its time off, outside in the sun. I am more of an at home nudist only because I don't have anyone to go to a nude beach or a nudist resort with."
"I can't believe I've worked here all these years thinking I was the only nudist and now I'm finding out there are many people in this company who are nudists. Maybe we should organize a nudist only company party and see how many make reservations to attend." Beth added.
"Allison, I know a place where you'll be welcomed as a nudist. There are a few others that hang out there by the pool. If you're interested, we'll introduce you to everyone when we get back from this trip." I said.
"Oh, I never thought I'd get to be around others, being nude. I've only gotten to tan on my balcony. When I'm home, I don't wear any clothes. I've had a couple of boyfriends who thought my being nude was great until I asked them to take me to a nudist resort. That's when the arguments started. They insisted if I was going to date them, they were the only ones who were going to see my body. They didn't last very long as a boyfriend." Allison said.
I smiled and said, "You may stay nude if you want to but I have some work I have to get done before we leave. Beth, I believe you have a phone call to make so let's get going and finish up. Kelly did you bring everything you're going to need for the weekend?"
"Yes Dan, everything is in my car." Kelly replied.
I started walking towards my office when Allison asked me, "Do you want me to remain naked this afternoon Dan? I will all you have to do is say so."
I stopped and turned to face Allison before saying, "If you want to remain naked, you can. However you may have a problem when some of the staff sees you. With a body like yours, the elevators will be jammed within a few minutes. But if you decide to put something on, may I suggest you wear only your jacket with only the two bottom buttons buttoned and your skirt."
Allison looked at me before she said, "You do understand if anyone looked in my jacket from the side, there's no way to hide these girls." She reached up and cupped her titties and jiggled them.
I smiled at Allison and simply said, "I know."
Kelly said, "Call Tom when you get in your office, he called while you were out to lunch."
I thanked Kelly and turned back towards my office door, opened it and disappeared inside. At the same time, Beth went into her office.
I sat down at my desk and called Tom immediately to find out why he called. I was listening to his phone ring when Beth used our interoffice door and came into my office giggling. I held up my finger and she stopped and came over behind me and hugged me and kissed my ear that didn't have the phone attached.
Tom answered his phone after many rings. Actually I was almost ready to hang up when I heard him say, "You caused quite a stir down there today Dan. I received a phone call shortly after you boarded that helicopter and took off. I guess you won't need Joe Bailey again." He said with a volley of laughter.
I told Tom that was the first time I was on a helicopter and it took us to lunch. "Tom do you know anything about Turner Security?"
Tom replied, "I've heard of Dr. James Turner, he owns and operates Turner Security, but I've never met the man. I've heard when he wants something, he gets it. I also heard he has built quite an empire for himself. He's a Vietnam Veteran, you know."
"Yes sir, I learned a lot today. Actually I learned he's my neighbor."
"You've got a good neighbor then Dan. He's a man who wasn't fed with a silver spoon. From what I know, he started his businesses from scratch. He'd be a good person to get to know." Tom responded.
"Actually Tom, Dr. Turner is stepping down, he's already turned almost everything over to a Dr. Marshall Mitchel, a young man from Southern California. That's who I went to lunch with today. That was a Turner Security helicopter that picked us up out here on the lawn."
"That's great Dan; I know I picked the right man to fill my shoes."
"They're mighty big shoes too, not that I'm insinuating you have big feet Tom."
Both men laughed a few moments before Tom said, "The reason I called you was not to inquire about your helicopter ride but to ask you if we can fit in a couple more people for this trip into the unknown?"
I smiled and said, "Honestly Tom, it's not too late. Actually, Beth has to make a phone call to confirm our reservations at a second resort. During lunch, a little while ago, she got a phone call informing her, our reservations were cancelled because the resort we were going to stay at had a fire. The cottages we were scheduled to stay in are closed due to the fire."
"Oh that's terrible; I hope no one was hurt." Tom said in a very sympathetic voice.
"I don't know Tom, Beth took the call and I believe they only told her about the fire and that's the reason for our cancellation."
"Anyway, Tom, since we're talking about the trip, I found out the other resort we're going to occupy is owned by Dr. Marsh Mitchel of Turner Security. I'm not going to stretch out this story so I'll just tell you the lady who is the manager of the Turner Security resort hates textiles."
"Dan, are you saying what I think you're saying?" Tom inquired.
"Yes sir, I think you've caught the drift correctly."
"Does that go for everyone?" Tom questioned.
"All we were told over lunch, Leyanni Lau, who is the manager of the resort, will not be wearing any clothes when we get there, or any time while we're there. Also we were told she encourages others to leave their textiles in their cottages. However, going nude it's not mandatory."
"OH, I see! My God Dan, do you realize what that means?" Tom said with concern in his voice.
"Tom, I was going to tell you, when the time was right, that my family members are nudists. Tom, we don't wear clothes when we are at home. Not that our lifestyle had anything to do with the second resort we now have reservations for."
There was a long pause where no one said a word. Tom broke the silence and said, "Look Dan, I'm not going to fore warn anyone in my family. I can't say it would be a new experience for Janet, Brenda and me but we've only stayed nude around each other in private. I guess like you do with your family. Personally, I wouldn't mind seeing my daughter-in-law nude; she's got a hot little body. But my daughter and her boyfriend along with another girl are coming along too. Are you and your family members really nudists? How do you handle seeing your daughter naked?"
"Tom, we've raised her from birth as a nudist because Kim and I enjoyed the lifestyle. Now our home is a nudist home. People who come to visit us may remain clothed if they want to but we remain nude, all of us remain nude."
"Dan, I want some leeway for deniability so let's change the subject even though, I must say, I can't wait for this trip. I'm as excited as a young boy ready to get his first piece of ass."
"Ok Tom, the answer is yes, we can make arrangements for your daughter's friend to come along. I just might close my office completely and bring Allison and Kelly along on this trip and let them discuss business with Brenda on the way to our brief vacation."
"You can close your office Dan. I've done it on occasion and especially over a weekend. You know, Fridays aren't that busy and Mondays are slow. If you have a good man in charge when you leave, there's no reason you can't close your office for those two days."
"I have named Jerry Wilber to handle any situation that comes up while I'm away." I said.
"Dan, you made an excellent choice. As you know, you edged out Jerry for your position, that's why he was given your old position. I'm glad to see you're using a man with his talents to back you up. But then again, I'm not going to second guess anything you do. You are part of the reason the company has prospered and the board of directors know it."
"Anyway, I'll be ready for this trip more than ever now. Especially, after the information you shared with me. I have so much I want to do and ... there are some sights I want to see before I ..."
"Tom, I understand ... believe me, if I was in your shoes, I'd have a long bucket list and some of them might be questionable items. I'll see you tonight boss, until then, rest up you're going to need all the strength you can muster. Goodbye Tom."
"Goodbye Dan and thank you!"
I hung up the phone and turned to Beth and said, "Please contact Jerry Wilber. Have him come to my office right away."
Beth picked up my phone and called Jerry's office, and spoke with him briefly before she hung up the phone and said, "He'll be right up Dan."
"Can you imagine our luck? We got burned out of our reservations and within minutes booked into an even more private resort. Oh my God Dan, I can't wait to see that resort after the meal we had at The Hole. I need to go call Leyanni Lau and set up everything."
"What did Tom want?" Beth inquired since she'd only heard my half of the conversation.
"He wanted to know if it was too late to add his daughter's girlfriend to the trip. That's why I gave him a short briefing about the turn of events. When he heard about Leyanni encouraging everyone to be nude while at the resort, Tom's exact words were, "I'm as excited as a young boy ready to get his first piece of ass." So when we get on the plane, I think you are going to be the first one he sees naked. I want you to let him see all of you."
"Dan, I'll do anything you want me to do. You know that. However I didn't go back and get my birth control shot, so I should be getting close to starting my cycle again. I really don't want to make love to anyone else but you, until I'm pregnant. I want to be sure the baby I'll carry is our baby, yours, mine and Kim's."
"Did I tell you how much I love you Beth? Since you told me that, I'll make sure I protect you from having sex with anyone else, that is, unless you tell me differently."
"No Dan, I won't change my mind, I want to be totally sure I have your baby growing in my body. You are the one I'm in love with." Beth said as she hugged me and kissed me tenderly.
My phone rang and Allison informed me Mr. Wilber was in her office. I said, "Please send him right in."
Jerry came into my office and closed the door after him he walked up and sat down in the chair in front of me and with his best Bugs Bunny accent, he asked, "What's up doc?"
I smiled at him saying, "You're in a great mood this afternoon, would it have anything to do with your promotion? You know Jerry, I'd appreciate it if you kept that information under your hat and I'll make the big announcement when I get back from this trip. We'll have your family attend. Could you do that for me?"
"Ummm, I already told my wife, but I can call her and tell her not to say anything. I also told my secretary but I told her to keep it quiet until we find out what our official titles will be." Jerry responded.
"Ok, call your wife when we finish this meeting. I just finished talking to Tom and he said he used to close his office once in a while when he had business to do. So I want to let you know, I'm going to close my office tomorrow and on Monday. As I told you before, you'll make decisions based on a case by case until I've had a chance to officially announce your promotion. Anything major happens; I want to know about it immediately. You have my cell number and even if I don't pick up your call, leave me a message and I'll call you back. I can always fly home if I have to."
"Ok Dan, I fully understand and I'll do as you wish. And thank you again for the chance to work with you." Jerry said as he stood up and shook my hand.
"Ok, thank you Jerry. Hold down the fort, I'll be back and don't forget to call your wife."
Jerry walked out of my office with even more spring in his step. I picked up the phone and called Allison and Kelly and asked them to come into my office. When they walked in, it was obvious to me that both of them were missing their blouses and bras. Especially when both of them unbuttoned their jackets after my office door was closed. They both walked up and sat down and let their jackets fall open and Beth and I were treated to two lovely sets of breasts.
I smiled and said, "As I told Taffy and Connie this morning, there'll be no grab and dash if someone comes to see me. If you are going to sit there like that while we are talking, then you'll have to sit there like that with someone else in my office. That goes for any time, not just this time. That being said ..." I paused and looked at both secretaries in front of me.
"Allison, how long would it take you to pack some clothes at your home and get back here with your suitcase? The suitcase should have enough clothes for a four day stay in an exotic environment. There should be some clothes in case there is a casual dress dinner." I asked.
Suddenly Allison squealed and jumped up, rushed around my desk and hugged me. She hugged me so tight I thought she would break my neck. When she let go she looked at me asking, "Do you really mean it? Am I really going to go with you?"
"Only if you're ready to get on the plane, on time, we aren't waiting for you." I replied.
"I can be ready sir, oh God, I can be ready. This is so exciting!" Allison screamed.
"Go home and get your bag packed and come back here as quickly as you can. You can follow my car to my house when I leave this afternoon. That way Joe will be able to pick up all of us in one stop."
Allison said, "Ok, I can be back in about forty five minutes."
I said, "You'd better button up your jacket before you leave so no one will see those lovely breasts of yours."
Allison smiled and said, "Maybe I'll just take off my jacket, on the way to my car, and let everyone see these girls. ... just kidding."
Allison disappeared and I turned to Beth saying, "Add one more to the list of people going on this trip. I believe you should call Leyanni and make sure our reservations are set. I came to work today and I haven't accomplished much. Kelly, please follow Beth into her office and bring back the reports that were sent to her. I want to see what this company is doing."
Beth and Kelly walked into her office and Beth handed Kelly the reports for me before she sat down at her desk to call Leyanni. The phone rang a few times before Beth heard a female voice say, "Aloha."
Beth replied, "Hello, my name is Beth Thompson and I'm calling to speak with Leyanni Lau."
"Aloha Beth, it's great to hear from you. Becca told me you'd be calling to firm up what you needed." Leyanni said.
"I can't believe a few minutes after we learned that our reservations at the other resort were canceled due to a fire, we have an opportunity to go to your resort." Beth replied.
Leyanni listened and said, "Yes, they had a horrible fire over there which spread very rapidly. Three people had to be air lifted to the burn center and two others died in the fire. The two who died were a young newly married couple on their honeymoon. There's an investigation going on to find out what started the fire."
Beth agreed the fire was horrible and expressed her sincere hopes those who were flown to the burn center, would survive.
"I have plenty of room to accommodate your party. Becca mentioned you have about twenty people coming and something about you wanted some privacy. I have the perfect place for you to enjoy your privacy. You will have access to eight luxury bungalows that sleep four to six in each, down in the coconut grove. You can use all of them or some of them; they are yours while you're here. The bungalows are kinda off the beaten path and the beach is, kinda private, so you won't get to see throngs of almost naked women. Unless, you bring your own, that is."
"Leyanni, the reason we're coming down is my boss Dan Morrison wanted to do something special for our former boss who was recently diagnosed with stage four pancreatic cancer and he's only got six months or so to live. That's why it was important for us to take this trip now, while he was still healthy enough to do something."
Leyanni responded with, "I'm so sorry to hear that. I'll tell you what, knowing that, I'll put together a good old fashioned and traditional Hawaiian luau, for your group. I'll make sure it's a party of a lifetime, so to speak."
"Oh Leyanni, please keep that little piece of information between us. I wouldn't want him to think the only reason for all this is only because he's sick, even though it is." Beth stated.
"Don't worry honey, when you are at this place, anything can happen." Leyanni replied
Oh, here's a little more information about your stay here that you can pass along to your group before you get here. For those who want to enjoy something more than the beach, I have a couple of surfing instructors and a couple of dive boats with licensed dive instructors that will be available to your group. We have a championship 18 hole golf course, and eight clay tennis courts. The main lodge has a cafeteria where you can eat or there's a restaurant not far from where you're staying that's about the same size as The Hole. I know you can get anything you want at The Hole, but our Hawaiian food kicks their ass.
"We have twenty two people coming on the trip, all together. Becca mentioned something about helicopters picking us up at the airport. Will there be enough room for all of us plus our luggage?" Beth inquired.
"Oh Beth, please don't worry about those minor details. I'll make sure I have enough helicopters there, to carry everyone.
"I have one other question for you," Leyanni asked Beth, "What's your pilot's name and phone number?"
Beth questioned the need for the information and Leyanni replied, "I'll call your pilot and set everything up with him. We have a hangar at the airport and he can taxi over to it and leave his plane there and we'll take care of it and service it for him. We'll have our choppers on the ground at the hanger before you arrive, so you'll get off the plane and get into our choppers."
Beth asked a few more questions before Leyanni said, "Oh, I hope Becca told you, I really don't like textiles so I'll be greeting you in the nude. It doesn't matter who likes it or not, that's my lifestyle. So if you think anyone will be offended, you might want to warn them ahead of time. Nudity is very acceptable and is encouraged while you're here. That's why I put you over in the coconut grove; it has its own private beach. I'll look forward to meeting you and your group when you arrive. Oh yeah, I do wear a grass skirt for hula dancing." Leyanni laughed. "The Hula dance just doesn't work without a grass skirt."
"One other thing you need to know," Leyanni added, "All of you can remain nude even when you leave your cottages to eat in either place or while you're enjoying one of the activities. Towels will be available to sit on wherever you go so you won't have to worry about carrying one from one place to the next. Almost everyone using this resort will be nude also."
"Leyanni, I'll make sure everyone knows what to expect when we arrive. On behalf of our group, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for bailing us out and welcoming us to your resort. I can't wait to meet you. Thank you again." Beth said.
"Until tomorrow." Leyanni replied and then hung up the phone.
Beth and I went back to work and actually earned our salaries. We were busy in our own offices catching up on pressing paperwork and business that needed to be done before we left for the weekend. The rest of the afternoon passed rather quickly.
At three o'clock Taffy and Connie showed up in Beth's office ready to go to their doctor's appointment. The three of them went down to the first floor and out the entrance where Joe was waiting. All three of them got into the limo and within a few minutes they were at the doctor's office. They went in and the receptionist handed each girl a clip board with a form to fill out. they filled out the form rather quickly and when they were finished, they stepped up to the window and asked the receptionist if they could be called in together since they were taking time off from work to make the appointment. The receptionist told them they'd have to ask the doctor.
As it ended up Beth stepped forward when the nurse called their names. The nurse recognized Beth and asked her how she was doing. Beth told the nurse the girls requested to go in together and the nurse said, "Come on, we'll put both of you in the same room and if the doctor wants something different, one of you can stand in the hall for a few minutes. As it turned out, both girls got a quick check up, and their shot all in a half hour. On the way back to work they thanked Beth several more times.
Kelly called me and told me the two department heads along with Mr. Swensen and Mr. Davis were in her office, requesting to see me. I said, "Give me five minutes to finish what I'm doing."
I buzzed Beth's office and didn't get a response. I called Kelly's office and she told me Beth was at the doctor's office for the three thirty appointment. I asked Kelly to come in with the four men, when I heard Beth wasn't available. I finished my paperwork just as Kelly knocked on my door. I stood up as the four men entered my office. All four of them sat down in front of my desk and the department heads reported to me instead of sending their findings to me in a memo or email they wanted to do it in person. I nodded my head and asked who wanted to go first.
The department heads looked at each other and finally the one with Mr. Swensen said, "I will."
For almost ten minutes he related to me Mr. Swensen's abilities on all levels of his department and finished by saying, "I'm not going to say this just because Mr. Swensen is sitting here but I want Mr. Swensen to work for me. I checked with HR before I came here and they told me only you could get their information. That's why both of us are here instead of the email."
I looked at Kelly and asked, "Is Allison back yet?"
Kelly nodded her head yes so I picked up my phone and called Allison and told her to call down to HR and have them send what they have on Mr. Swensen and Mr. Davis up to my office immediately. I instructed Allison to bring the information into my office when it arrived.
I listened to the department head that spent the day with Mr. Davis and his report was similar to the one on Mr. Swensen. However, Mr. Davis's department head finished his statement with, "The company that Mr. Davis worked for before he was laid off, lost a great employee and I certainly hope you'll be able to hire him so we can tap into his knowledge."
Allison knocked on my door and then opened it. She walked towards my desk saying, "The reports you wanted are here, sir."
I took a few minutes, opened both sealed envelopes and read the summary on both men before I put the pages down on my desk and looked at all four men in front of me. Slowly a controlled smile spread across my face before I said, "I'd like to welcome both of you to the company. Your respective references reported that each of you was an excellent employee and that due to downsizing you were laid off and not fired. The drug test each of you took turned out negative so as I told you this morning, both of you will be on a thirty day probationary period."
Both Mr. Davis and Mr. Swensen high fived each other and then thanked me. I told them to report to their department heads at whatever start time they give you. The four men stood up and shook my hand before they left.
Beth returned from the doctor's appointment and told me everything went well. She gave me back my credit card and then took a seat. Beth gave me a brief summary of her call to Leyanni. I told her when we were in the air, sometime before we landed, she could give everyone a heads up on what to expect. Beth smiled and asked me, "Will I be dressed or nude when I tell them?"
"Hummm, now that sounds like an offer more than a question." I replied.
Beth smiled at me saying, "You know my body is yours to do as you wish."
Taffy and Connie came back to my office at the end of their day. Taffy asked me, "Are you going to keep our panties?"
I smiled and said, "No, I'll loan them back to you. I'd love for you each of you to bring me a fresh pair on Tuesday morning. Both of you have a very delicious scent."
Taffy smiled saying, "Someday if you want to sample the real thing, I'll be ready for you. I can't wait for Tuesday to get here. Since yesterday, I don't hate my job anymore; this is an adventure I can't wait to get started."
"I can't top that one. Taffy hit the nail right on the head. Oh, and the same goes for me to. If there ever comes a time you want to bury your tongue in my lil slit, I'm ready for you." Connie added.
"Well, I never anticipated this kind of outcome when I found you in my closet but I will certainly enjoy the adventure for as long as you want it to last."
Both of them kissed and hugged Beth, Kelly, Allison and me and said their goodbyes and wished us a safe and fun trip. Both of them were giggling as they left my office with their panties in their hand.
I looked around the room at the three ladies with me and smiled. "I think we can close up shop and lock the doors until Tuesday. Do all of you have everything you need to take with you?"
Kelly said, "I'm going to bring my new laptop so I can sit with Beth and Brenda and get more information."
"I don't have anything to bring other than myself and I'll sit in with the others to learn more so I'll be as efficient as they are." Allison said.
"Good," I said, "Let's get out of here. Beth, would you please call Joe and let him know to bring the car around to the front right away?"
"Allison, Kelly bring your car around to the front of the building also and you can follow us home. Go ahead and get your car now, Beth and I will lock up." I said.
Both secretaries left the office and I turned to Beth and pulled her into my arms and said, "I love you darling. I've been thinking about what you said earlier and I'm as anxious as a cat on a hot tin roof. I can't wait for a baby bump to appear. We'd better hurry up and get your name changed to Morrison." Beth and I kissed passionately before we parted and I said, "Let's go."
We locked up our offices and rode the elevator down to the first floor. On our way out of the building, the head of security was standing in the lobby and said good night as we passed him. Beth and I said good night in return.
Joe was waiting for us and the two secretaries were parked behind him. I told Joe they were going to follow us and he told me he'd make sure not to lose either one. While Beth got in the limo, I walked over to both cars and quickly told them we had to go pick up Kim, on the way home, so just follow the limo and Joe won't lose them.
Joe put a supply a small towels in the back of the limo so those who chose to be nude would have one to sit on. Once Kim was in the limo she joined Beth and quickly stripped off her clothes. I asked Beth to tell Kim what she told me and when she got to the part about it was almost time for her to start her menstrual cycle again, Kim screamed and immediately threw her naked body against Beth. They hugged and kissed and both of them held each other's head in her hands and stared into each other's eyes. Beth told Kim, "Until I'm sure I'm pregnant with our husband's baby, I don't want to make love to anyone else, well, except for you. I want to make sure I'm carrying our baby. That's yours, mine and Dan's baby."
They hugged again and then both of them looked at me and Kim said, "I am so happy. Can you imagine, another baby in our home, I can't wait? Oh, that news just made my day!"
We rode the rest of the way with Beth and Kim chatting women's talk between them. I just sat back and watched the two women I loved dearly, interact. I am so lucky to have two women who love me and love each other.
We arrived at home and when Joe stopped in front of our house I got out first and directed Kelly and Allison to park beside the garage. By the time I finished talking to them, Kim and Beth were out of the car headed towards the house and Mary was on her way out of the house to see Joe. I removed my jacket and waited for Kelly and Allison. Both of them had their suitcase in hand when they walked over to me. Allison looked at Mary's naked body, as I said, "When in Rome..."
"Come on, let's go in." I said, "You can leave your suitcases by the front door and if you want, you can hang your suits up in my closet."
We walked into the house and Allison being the new person saw a couple of nude asses disappear into the kitchen before she asked me, "How many people do you have here?"
"You should be here when he throws a party," Kelly said, "There are plenty of people of all ages here. All of them nude, even the caterers and the female DJ."
"Wow," Allison said in amazement, "What have I been missing out on?"
They set their suitcases down where I indicated and I said, "Please follow me and we can join the others in a few minutes."
We walked upstairs and this time I led the way to my bedroom. I opened my closet door and hung up my jacket before I started taking off my tie. I said, "The bathroom is over there if you feel the need to undress without me watching but we're all going to be nude in a few minutes so what difference does it make?"
Allison and Kelly both stepped into my closet and I showed them where the extra hangers were hanging. All three of us undressed without any further reservations. I was nude first so I stepped out of the closet and my cock had grown, not fully erect but very respectably hard to let Allison and Kelly know I appreciated seeing their naked body. When they stepped out of the closet I said, "The bathroom is over there if either of you have to pee, use the bidet or shower before we go downstairs."
Kelly asked, "What are you going to do Dan?"
"I'm going to take a quick shower before I go downstairs. If both of you want to join me, you'd be welcome." I replied.
Allison looked at my cock, "Are you sure it's safe to shower with you Dan?"
"At my house Allison, you can have sex with anyone you want to, as long as those who are participants agree and consent and the same goes for touching. If you aren't a willing participant, then you won't be touched or approached for anything sexual. Those are my rules wherever I am, at home, at work or at play."
"I love your hardon Dan," Kelly said, "I'll wash that for you in the shower if you'll let me."
The three of us walked into the bathroom and as I walked over to start the water flowing in the shower Kelly sat down on the toilet to pee. I heard Allison gasp and say, "Kelly are you really going to pee with Dan in the bathroom too?"
Kelly spread her legs so the hiss of her peeing could be heard as she said, "And, I'm going to douche on the bidet before I take a shower too. That way I'll clean both inside and out. When I was here for a party, I learned a lot and now I live by what I've learned. I enjoy the freedom of being nude. I also enjoy the freedom of not hiding behind closed doors anymore. Those things I used to consider too personal to let anyone see or know about, are no longer. I am truly a liberated woman now."
Allison watched with a wary eye as Kelly adjusted the water in the bidet and then sat down and moved so the water flushed her pussy. Kelly looked up asking, "Have you ever used one of these?"
Allison looked at me as I walked towards the toilet to take a leak and it was only after I started to piss and splash the water in the bowl I heard Allison say, "Awww ... no, I can't say that I have. I know what it is and what it does but I've never used one. That's a European thing and you don't see many in this country."
I finished pissing and shook my cock a couple times and Kelly stood up and asked Allison if she wanted to try it. Allison looked at me and I said, "Try it if you want to, every one of the girls here use the bidets. There's one in each bathroom up here on this floor."
With reservations Allison timidly sat down on the toilet and peed, keeping her legs pressed tightly together so we wouldn't hear it coming out of her. When she finished she looked at Kelly and I in the shower before she sat down on the bidet. She jumped at first but then settled down and let the water flush her out. Just before she finished she said, "I think I'm going to like it here. This is sure easier than squeezing one of those disposable douches."
"Hurry up and come over here and we'll get that beautiful body of yours cleaned up and ready to be presented to the crowd downstairs." I said.
Allison stepped into the shower with Kelly and me just as Kim and Beth walked into the bathroom. They took turns sitting on the toilet first and then the bidet before walking over to the shower and joining us. Kelly, Allison and I stayed in the shower to assist Beth and Kim. Friendly banter filled the air as we soaped both of the new comers. When we finished I handed out the towels and we introduced Allison to our community drying procedure. Allison asked in amazement, "Doesn't anyone get jealous here when everyone is touching everyone else? I mean, I've never been exposed to a group of nudists before but it seems to me that it would be like the textile people who get jealous of their wife or husband looking at or touching someone else."
Kim spoke up and said, "We have a house rule where the participants have to consent. No one can be coerced into anything they really don't want to do. As far as jealousy goes, I know you won't find any trace of that in this house. The only chance you'd have to see a jealous person in this house is someone new, who gets jealous. We have many people who live in our home and it wouldn't be a home without them. We respect each other but at the same time the only limits is if someone is not willing to be a participant in some activity. Do you understand what I mean, Allison?"
"For example," Kim said, "If you wanted to have sex with Dan, you would have to talk to him to get his approval, not me or Beth."
Allison looked at Kim and said, "If I'm not being to nosey, what's Beth got to do with it? No offense Beth, I'm just learning new stuff."
The girls moved over in front of the mirror and I stood back and listened. "Allison, you're going to be spending the next four days with us so I hope you've signed a non-disclosure/confidentiality statement."
"Yes I have," Allison replied, "But you don't have to worry about that. I told your husband today, I am committed to working as part of the team. I won't do anything which would destroy our working relationship."
Well, it's like this," Kim started, "I have always wanted more children since our daughter Jenna was born. However, to make a long story shorter, due to complications my baby making years were cut off. Beth came into our lives and both Dan and I love her. Beth has become part of our family and we hope someday soon she will be contributing to our family as the mother of Dan's child. Of course only a small group of people know what we are doing so this information is very private. You are now one of those people in the small group. Your continued commitment is of the upmost importance."
"Since both of you just learned about this, I want to unmistakably declare, Beth didn't sleep with her boss to get where she is. She was promoted because she did her job; actually she did more than her job. I remember nights when Dan would work late in the office to get a report finished and when everyone else left the office, Beth worked side by side with Dan until the report was finished. When Dan was promoted because of the work they did together, Dan remembered who helped him do that work and he stipulated each time that he wanted Beth as his secretary or he wouldn't take the promotion."
Allison and Kelly looked at me and I nodded my head, yes. "I would much rather have stayed in my current position and kept Beth as my secretary than move ahead without her. I was fortunate the bosses always agreed to let both of us advance. To this day, I know Beth will be right beside me, working long hours, until the job is complete. That's what teamwork means to me."
"Dan and Kim are right." Beth added, "It wasn't that long ago when I made love to Dan for the first time and that happened right in there on that bed with Kim by our sides. We didn't sneak around or anything, to have an affair. It was only after Kim gave us her blessings, did we make love. Now our family relationship has blossomed into love between all three of us and I hope to carry my lover's baby soon. Since we are sharing personal information, I want both of you to know that my name will be changing soon, to Beth Morrison."
"Is this a story book love story or what?" Allison questioned with excitement in her voice.
"I was raised as a nudist," Beth began, "My parents own a farm and they raised their family as nudists. When I left home and came here to the city, I missed the lifestyle and Allison like you, I didn't know anyone around me or the people I worked with were nudists. I worked for Dan many years before he invited me here to his home for a party. Only then did I find out his friends and his family members were nudists. All those years we worked together and neither of us knew we shared the same common interests. That shows you how much we talked about our private lives even though we worked so closely together."
"Beth, I'm so happy for you." Allison said, "It seems like you have a dream come true kind of story to tell. You know, suddenly I want to hug all of you. The information you've shared is so intimate and private I really do feel like you've accepted me, as part of your team."
The next few minutes were spent hugging each other. When Allison pressed her naked body against me, my cock was already half way hard so it was trapped between our bodies. As she hugged me tightly my cock finished getting hard. Allison looked up into my eyes a few moments before she asked, "Will I experience the feeling of that inside me someday?"
I continued to look into her eyes while replying, "If that's what you truly want to do, all you have to do is ask. The women in this room and in this house share what they have. We don't have orgies but we've had moresomes. Meaning, we've sometimes have had more than two at a time."
Kim came over and cupped Allison's right breast and saying, "These look so tasty and edible what size are they my dear?"
"I wear a "D" cup Kim but it depends on how the bra is made, I can sometimes wear a "C" cup and show plenty of cleavage."
Kelly and Beth were busy kissing and letting their hands roam all over each other's body when Allison looked towards them. "Oh my, can we do that here too?"
We looked over at them before Kim asked, "Do you want to?"
"Yes, I've only read about two girls together and I've always wondered how it would feel." Allison said in a quiet voice.
"Come with me," Kim said as she pulled on Allison's hand. Allison followed her into the bedroom and allowed Kim to manipulate her body until she was on her back with her legs bent, feet flat on the bed and knees flopped to the sides. Allison's pussy was open and completely unprotected.
Kim positioned herself over Allison's face and pulled back enough to see her eyes. Kim said, "I'm going to make you feel great. You don't have to do anything if you don't want to. But if you want to try doing something, just follow my lead and do to me, what I'm doing to you."
Allison said, "I've never tasted a woman before so don't be mad at me if I don't do it right."
"Oh no sweetie," Kim said, "There is no right or wrong way. Each time is a learning experience. You can just lie back and enjoy yourself if you want to."
Kim leaned forward and placed soft kisses on Allison's pubic mound before she moved down to her inner thighs. Kim intentionally teased Allison for a few minutes by kissing and licking inside her thigh including the crease of her legs. During all that time she never once touched her pussy. Allison began to moan and roll her hips trying to move so the next contact of Kim's lips would be on her pussy.
"Do you want Dan to fuck you while I lick you Allison?" Kim asked.
"OH YES! YES!" Allison said, "Please touch me, I can't take it without you touching me Kim. Pleeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaase?"
Although Allison's pussy was spread open, Kim reached her hands in and pulled Allison's pussy lips further apart and attacked her clit with her tongue and slipped her middle finger into Allison's slippery pussy. Allison began to buck her hips as he reached up and pulled Kim's pussy down to her face. It didn't take Allison long to do what Kim was doing. Shortly both of them were moaning and pressing their hips up to meet the teasing lips.
Allison was the first to have an explosive orgasm and while she was still feeling the effects, I moved up on the bed and tapped Kim's shoulder and she sat up and balanced herself on her knees. I lifted Allison's legs and aligned my cock with her delicious looking pussy and although I pushed ahead slowly, my cock slid all the way into her tight smoldering pussy. I felt the heat of her body surrounding my cock and at first it felt scalding but I knew it wasn't.
Allison was screaming between licking Kim's pussy and trying to breathe. I started out slow but soon moved into a slower jack hammer speed. My constant pumping brought Allison to a couple more orgasms before I felt the urge to cum. I asked Allison if she was on birth control and she replied, "Yes, I'm on the pill. Fill me with your cum Dan, I want it all."
I pumped steady for another minute or so and just as I was ready to cum, I felt Allison go rigid, a nanosecond later she began to shake violently as if she was having a seizure. I did as she asked and deposited all I had into her womb before I slowed down and finally stopped, so I could catch my breath. Allison's body continued to twitch and her tongue was still busy trying to make Kim have her first orgasm.
Kim finally moved off Allison and leaned down and kissed her passionately. Allison apologized for not making Kim have an orgasm but Kim told her not to worry, she would have one before long. I looked down at Allison asking, "Are you ok? You scared me there for a few seconds when I thought you might be having a seizure."
"Is this a great life or what?" Allison asked, "Dan, I have to tell you, I've never had an orgasm like the one I just had. I want you to know, there's only been one other man who went in where you were. I really don't have that much experience but I think you've ruined me Dan. Now I'll be expecting that from anyone else who gets to enter my tunnel of love."
"Allison I appreciate the compliment but remember Kim got you warmed up for me. Without her I might not have had the pleasure of rocking your world. But anytime you want that cock to fill that tight lil hole you've got down here, I'll be glad to oblige you." I said.
"My God," I can't believe I've been fortunate enough to find a family like yours. If you don't mind me being so bold, may I look forward to coming here again?" Allison asked.
"Kim what do you think?" I asked with a huge grin, "Should we invite this hot lil number back here again so we can take advantage of her innocence?"
"What are you talking about Dan?" Allison quickly responded, "You can't take advantage of the willing. You've mistaken my lack of experience for innocence. I want you to know ..."
Kim cut Allison off by saying, "You are a very beautiful young lady and you can come here any time you want to. We love people with a positive attitude."
"I'm not willing to put an end to this loving experience but do you think we should get cleaned up and go down and see if anything has been planned for dinner?" I asked.
I pulled my shriveling cock out of Allison and she clamped her legs together immediately so our combined juices wouldn't leak out on our bed. She rolled sideways until she was at the side of the bed and then she jumped up, clamped her hand over her pussy and took off running for the bathroom. I followed her in and watched her pee and push our love juice out of her body. Kim adjusted the water in the bidet and sat down briefly to rinse her pussy before she walked over to the shower. From the shower I watched Allison douche my semen out of her and then she joined Kim and me in the shower.
We dried off when we were finished and the girls brushed their hair before we walked, with me in the middle out of our bedroom and downstairs. When we rounded the corner going into the kitchen we heard everyone laughing. Allison stopped and asked me, "How many people do you have here?"
"I don't know, let's go out and see." I responded.
"Do you want a glass of wine, a beer or bottle of water before we go out?" Kim asked.
I'll have a glass of wine if you're having one." Allison said.
I grabbed a cold beer while Kim poured wine in two glasses. We took our drinks out on the deck and Joe, our limo driver, was standing in front of everyone completely naked telling jokes. Ted saw us coming out of the kitchen and said, "Grab a chair and sit down, your driver is a regular comedian. Joe can you tell us that one about the guy and lady again, now that they're here?"
Joe smiled and said, "Sure as long as no one is going to be bored."
Everyone spoke up at once say, "Tell them."
Joe told that joke again and everyone still roared with laughter. He didn't miss a heartbeat and he was right into his next joke. For the next half hour Joe continued to make all of us laugh. He finished his last joke and Mary rushed over to him and hugged him.
I stood up and walked over to Joe and congratulated him for doing such a great job. I told him his material was excellent and that he should try out for the local comedy club on amateur night. Joe smiled and said, "No offense Dan but I do standup comedy already. I'm well past the amateur stuff. You might not have heard of me because I use my stage name. I can't let anyone know I'm a limo driver for the largest company in the area."
"My apologies Joe," I said, "I had no idea. You've always been the proper gentleman when you are driving."
Joe leaned towards me and whispered, "Do you know how hard it is for me to do my day job, after cracking jokes all night? I've only slipped a couple times when I was driving Mr. Banks. He scolded me and told me I am to be professional all the time."
I laughed and said, "I'm not totally different from Tom. I want to make the company grow but at the same time I am a little more laid back when the time is right. Tom is finding out right now we only have so much time on this earth and we have to have an adequate mixture of fun and business, not all business."
"Joe, now that you're my driver, you can relax a little. I'm sure you know by now when you have to be in your professional role and when you can cut loose a little. Keep that in mind. Oh by the way, how long did it take for Mary to get you out of your clothes?"
"Dan she told me I had to be willing or she wouldn't do anything. She informed me that was your rule for everyone. Well I finally agreed to let her take off my clothes down to my boxers but when she pulled my pants down, my boxers somehow came down with them. It was too late for modesty so I agreed to let her take off everything. I'm positive it was a simple mistake on her part."
I laughed and said, "Oh sure, I'll bet your boxers were glued to the inside of your pants."
"Dan, between you and me, Mary sucked my cock right out there by the car so it would go down. Damn that girl did a fantastic job." Joe whispered.
I whispered back, "If you ever get a chance to go to bed with her, you won't be sorry. She'll make you scream before she's done with you."
Joe said, "She already offered to take me up to her room, I asked her if we could wait until another time."
"Joe, when you're here, you aren't my chauffer, you're part of my family, so enjoy yourself." I said.
Kim walked over to us and looked down at Joe's manhood before she said, "I always wondered what you were packing, and I'm not disappointed. Someday Joe, we'll have to get you to stay over so I can try out that beautiful tool."
Joe's mouth dropped open and his head snapped around and looked at me before he looked back at Kim saying, "You know I can't do that, I work for your husband."
Kim giggled as she patted Joe's cock. As Kim walked away from us she said over her shoulder, "OK, we'll see how long you hold out."
I asked everyone to come out on the deck so we could decide what we were going to have or what we were going to do, for dinner. Some ideas were tossed around and it was finally decided Ted would make a trip to the local KFC so we didn't have to get dressed to go out and no one had to cook.
Joanna cocked her head, and interrupted. "Dan," she said. "Becca said something to me about The Hole doing takeout. Should I call Ginny and check that option?"
"Now that's a great idea, do you have their number?" I asked.
Joanna didn't answer me; she walked into the kitchen and picked up her cell phone. I watched as she scrolled through her phone book and pushed the call button.
After a short conversation with whoever answered her, Joanna ended her call, and looked directly at me. "If we want to concoct an order, we can call The Hole and either go out there to pick it up, or they have a veteran there who will deliver it to us."
I had to explain to the people that hadn't gone to lunch, the rules for ordering from The Hole. When I was finished with my instructions, Shelly spoke up. "Wait just a minute. I've been out there once. I was in my uniform, and they wouldn't let me stay. Someone met me in the parking lot with an M-16 slung over his shoulder and told me that "city wanna-be cops" weren't allowed. Now you're telling me you can order take-out, from there?"
"It's a long story Shelly," I replied. "I'll tell you later. Terri, would you get one of your note pads and write down some orders."
Terri took the orders from everyone and Joanna called Ginny back and Terri read the list to her. Ginny asked Terri if she wanted the food delivered and Terri replied, "Let me check with Dan." Terri covered the phone and asked me the same question and I thought of the veteran who would be delivering and what Marsh had said about donations going to the shelter. "Have it delivered." I replied.
Terri told Ginny what I had said, and Ginny told her that the food would be to us in about forty five minutes, maybe a little bit longer.
I walked over to where Beth, Kelly, Allison, Terri and Hanna were standing and waited for a chance to make sure Allison knew everyone's name. Beth looked at me before she asked, "Is there something wrong Dan?"
I smiled, "I'm just making sure Allison has been properly introduced."
Beth smiled at me again saying, "Don't you worry, I made sure Allison knows who everyone is and they've already welcomed her. We've got it covered Dan."
Mary suggested we bring some tables and chairs up from the basement so we'd all have a place to sit and eat when the food got here. We formed a chain and everyone worked together we had what we needed in a few minutes.
When we had all the tables and chairs set up Terri announced, "I'm going to take a dip in the pool."
She was the first one in and the rest of us were right behind her. I think it was Mary who mentioned water volleyball and it was like magic the net was set up and the ball floated towards me. We quickly chose teams and moved into position to play. Like all of the other games we've played, they started out innocent enough but quickly turned to organized grab-ass. We were still playing when the gate phone rang. We knew what that meant, and Terri rushed over to the side of the pool where she left the phone and answered it. After giving the driver instructions she turned off the phone and followed me out of the pool. Towels were passed out, and everyone dried off.
Terri, Mary and I finished drying quickly and went to the door to meet the delivery. The food was delivered by a female who appeared to be in her mid-thirties. She was not wearing anything on top. She had a pair of shorts, and she was wearing a BK (below the knee) prosthetic on her left leg. When I opened the door she looked at both of us a moment before she said, "I have your food out in the van."
I asked her name, and if she always delivered topless. She told me she goes by Liz, but her name was Elizabeth Thomas. She told us when she got the order, the new owner; Dr. Marshall Mitchel was there and he discreetly mentioned we were nudists so she could deliver the food nude, if she wanted to. She told me she would have, but she was having her period, so she kept her shorts and panties on.
I asked Terri to go get some more help and when she returned, she had Kim, Beth, Allison and Kevin with her. Once again the delivery person looked at all of our nude bodies before she turned and led us out to her van. The van had "The Hole" painted on the side of it, along with the Turner Company's logo. Everyone pitched in and helped her carry the food to the kitchen.
When the van was empty, I invited Liz to come into the house. At first she was hesitant so I told her if she had to get right back I'd understand. She smiled as she replied, "I have a few minutes."
I offered Liz a cold bottle of water and she accepted. We stood in the kitchen as everyone moved around putting the food on the table and getting ready to eat. As we leaned against the counter I asked, "So you're a veteran, what branch of the service were you in?"
I saw Liz stand up a little straighter and push her chest out a little more before she replied, "Mr. Morrison, I proudly served my country in the U.S. Army as a paramedic. I earned to rank of Staff Sergeant. I served three tours in the "sandbox" and during my last tour I lost my left leg. The Army discharged me with my disability after I finished my tour of several hospitals."
I asked her how long she had worked for the Turner Company. She told me she had started there a month ago, after she finally got cleaned up from her addiction to prescription pain killers. She'd been clean and sober now for four months, and Jimmy Turner and Ginny were giving her a part-time job, till they had a full time opening.
Kim came into the kitchen and asked Liz, "Would you like to stay and have dinner with us? We share what we have."
"I need to get back," Liz answered, "I don't want to intrude, maybe another time. Marsh was correct when he told me you were special people."
I handed Liz two one hundred dollar bills and a fifty. I told her to keep the fifty and give Ginny the hundreds for the shelter. Liz thanked me profusely as I walked her back to the front door. I opened the door and then held out my arms to give Liz a hug. She stepped forward without saying a word and we embraced. While we were hugging I whispered, "Thank you for your service to our country. There is no way to repay the debt we owe you for what you've done."
Liz gave me an extra squeeze as she said, "Its people like you who recognize what our Soldiers, Sailors, Marines, Airmen and Coast Guard have done and continue to do every day for this country."
I kissed Liz on the cheek and said, "Thank you Liz. You are welcome here, if you want to come back."
Liz stepped back and smiled as she said, "Thank you Mr. Morrison, I'll keep you offer in mind." After saying goodnight Liz walked out the door and towards her van. I watched her drive away.
I closed and locked the door and walked through the house and out on the deck where everyone was waiting for me. We selected a chair and sat down. Soon the food was passed around and it was every bit as good as what we had for lunch.
During dinner, I explained to Shelly what we'd been told about the local police force, when we were at The Hole for lunch. Shelly claimed it was unfair for her to be painted with the same brush, if they had problems with the police administration.
Ted jumped into the conversation saying, "Shelly, instead of them having to sort out who is good or bad, in their opinion, they just don't want local police department officers in their establishment. Since we are here at the Morrisons, all of us ARE welcome at The Hole. If you go there again, I'll advise you not to wear your uniform and see Ginny when you first go in. Tell her who you are and you'll be welcomed.
Eventually the conversation turned to other topics and everyone participated. Joe told a few more jokes during dinner causing all of us to pause eating and burst out laughing. I looked around the table and I was very happy to see everyone having a great time.
Towards the end of our meal I asked if everyone was full. There was a loud roar of "I am!"
After dinner everyone pitched in and help clean up and carry the tables and chairs back downstairs. When everything was finished we relaxed, the girls with a glass of wine, the guys had a beer. I asked Beth to explain what Leyanni said to her on the phone.
When Beth finished everyone said it sounded like fun. Those who weren't going on this trip were telling those who were, to enjoy the sand and the surf. Terri said, "I'd like to try nude scuba diving, do you think they'll let me dad?"
I told her, "Since the place is a rest stop for certain people, I'm sure they wouldn't mind strapping an air tank on a pretty, nude girl."
Kevin spoke up, "Damn Jenna, I'm going to miss seeing you again for four days."
"Daddy," Jenna asked, "If Kevin takes off from work, can he come with us?"
I looked at Kevin and then at Kim and Beth. Both Kim and Beth nodded slightly but it was their smiles that confirmed my answer. I looked back at Kevin, "Son, if you think you can be ready to go in about a little over three hours, you can go."
"Thank you sir, thank you so much!" Kevin said, "Come on honey, let's go to my place and pack my suitcase."
"Kevin, you'll need at least one set of casual clothes in case we decide to go out somewhere. The rest can be whatever you wear." I added.
Kevin and Jenna talked excitedly as they got up to go into the house. When they came back to say they were going, Jenna was carrying a tee shirt and had her sandals on. Shelly looked at Jenna before she yelled, "LOOK AT YOU! You go girl. I enjoyed my nude ride."
Jenna smiled and said, "This ain't my first nude ride, and it sure ain't gonna be my last."
Kim, Beth and I told Jenna to be careful. I told Kevin to drive careful and to keep his eyes on the road, not my naked daughter. They waved and were off.
Mary moved in beside Joe and started stroking his cock until he was hard before she said, "Come with me young man, I have a place I want to show you."
Joe looked at me and I waved goodbye to him and reminded him he had to get us to the airport and then he could come back and spend the night with Mary if he wanted to.
Kim reminded me that we hadn't packed yet so Kim, Beth and I excused ourselves and went up to our bedroom to pack. It didn't take long for me to put a few shirts, shorts, two pair of dress slacks and a dress shirt. I also packed my shave kit and flopped my suit case closed. I was finished packing in less than ten minutes.
I stood by the end of the bed and watched Kim and Beth a few minutes before I said, "Listen you two, we are going to a place where we are going to be nude most of the time. I suggested we take at least one set of casual clothes. You won't need your pumps, a pair of sandals will do. Forget the bras and panties, you won't need them anyway. I just cut your packing in half."
Both of them looked at me like I had two heads when suddenly we heard Joe scream. I smiled at Kim and Beth saying, "Mary sure likes to hear men scream."
Both Kim and Beth laughed. They started to unload their suitcases and when they had removed all the unnecessary items, both were amazed at how much room they had. Then they remembered they had to take their make-up and their other beauty essentials so I stood and watched them re-fill their suitcases. It wasn't like both of them used the same products so they could share. When they finished we zipped up their bags and the three of us picked up our bags and headed for downstairs. When we got to Mary's room we looked in and saw Mary was riding cowgirl on Joe while he was massaging her tiny "A" cup titties. We heard him tell Mary she had the perfect breasts.
I called into the room saying, "Make her feel good Joe, that's the only way you're going to get out of there alive."
Mary and Joe looked towards the doorway and Mary smiled back at me saying, "This man has a wonderful cock and I'm gonna ride this thing until he can't get it up anymore."
"So Joe, I guess you're spending the night with Mary. Oh Mary, I need him alive to come and get us at the airport on Monday night." The three of us in the hallway laughed and Joe blew his load deep inside Mary.
Mary rolled off him and after she caught her breath she said, "I'm gonna ride out to the airport with you and come back with Joe. The only thing is I'm going as his shotgun and remind him what I have waiting for him when we return."
"So you're going to ride naked in the front seat, that's cool." Beth said.
Joe looked at me and asked, "Is that alright with you, boss"
"Joe, you are in charge of your car." I reminded him, "If you want some eye candy on a night like tonight, then go for it. Just remember to drive extra careful we don't want a scandal."
"YES SIR!" Joe said with as much enthusiasm he could muster in his state of rehabilitation from exerting all his energy on pleasing Mary.
Mary laughed saying, "We are gonna have a fun weekend."
Joe smacked his forehead and said, "Now we're up to a whole weekend. Dan your cops sure know how to tempt a man."
I laughed again and said, "Remember Mary, he has to be alive and well, so he can pick us up on Monday."
"Don't worry Dan," Mary replied, "I'm gonna make sure Joe is well cared for, while you're gone."
Everyone who was going on the trip was wide awake, at least for now, and we played in the pool and sat in the hot tub. Joe and Mary came down and re-joined us on the deck. However, Ted told us he had to get some sleep because he had to work in the morning. So he and Marion wished us a safe trip and then went to bed.
Jenna and Kevin came back and when they came out on the deck they were both sporting huge smiles. Kim welcomed them back and they began giggling. Kim inquired what caused the giggles and Jenna said, "We stopped for gas and while Kevin was pumping the gas, I got out and offered to help him. Another car pulled into the gas station, and an old guy got out. He saw me and told me I looked good. Then this old lady got out of the car and started chewing him out for looking at my naked body. Of course, I didn't help matters standing there with my legs spread. She told him to get in the car and she'd pump the gas. When she saw him looking at my pussy, she told him not to look and called him an old fool. He told her to get back in the car and to keep quiet."
Before she got back in she told him, "You wait till I get you home; you'll regret looking at that lil naked hussy." Jenna said.
"So, in case she was going to give him a lot of shit when he got home, I hugged him and put one of his hands on my pussy and one on my titty and let him feel me. I figured at his age, he deserves a look and feel. It might be the last time for him to get his hands on a young girl." Jenna continued.
Kevin added, "The old guy must have been in his eighties. He was so excited when Jenna kissed him on the cheek and then hugged him. When she put his hand on her pussy, he looked at me and then looked down at his hand. I saw his hand moving so it was apparent he didn't forget what to do when he got the chance."
Jenna excitedly said, "Yep, his middle finger started moving almost immediately when I put his hand between my legs. I'll bet the old guy got rejuvenated enough to want some pussy from his wife tonight."
"Jenna you shouldn't tease old guys," I said, "They might have a heart attack if they get too excited."
"Ok daddy," Jenna replied, "I won't tease you anymore." Everyone cracked up laughing.
We lounged around until it was time to put some clothes on for our trip. While we were dressing, Joe made a couple of phone calls to make sure the other chauffer and the van drivers were going to be on time. Soon the gate phone rang and Terri answered it and let the van driver in with instructions to wait for the gate to close and then pull up in the front of the house.
We didn't take long to get our suitcases put in the van. Shelly stood by the limo and gave all of us a hug and kiss before she wished us a safe trip. Then she turned to Mary and said, "I'll lock everything up but I won't turn on the alarm, you'll have to do that when you get home."
Mary replied, "I have a key to the front door. I'll let you know when we get back."
All of us, except Mary got into the back of the limo and then Joe held the front door open for a very naked Mary. She placed a towel on the front seat and then sat down. Joe closed the door and then rushed around to the driver's side. Once he was seated, he looked over at Mary and smiled. He said, "Mary, thank you for making a dream come true."
Mary said, "You ain't seen nuthin' yet. I want you to tell me your wildest dream and we'll see if we can make it come true."
Joe smiled and started the limo. He started down the driveway and the van driver followed him. It didn't take long to get to the airport and when they arrived at the hanger, the other limo pulled in moments later. The van drivers pulled over by the plane and with assistance from the ground crew, they loaded our luggage into the plane.
Meanwhile, I walked over to Tom Banks followed by my family. I shook hands with Tom and suggested we wait to make introductions on the plane where it's quiet.
Tom replied, "Good idea."
Tom and I led the way up the stairs and into the plane. Linda and Jen stood beside the door and welcomed us as each one passed by them. When everyone was on the plane I suggested we go up to the lounge. Again, Tom and I led the way. I asked everyone except Tom to take a seat and we'd get the introductions done.
When everyone was seated I said, "I want to welcome you on this adventure. For the next few days we are going to be free to have fun in the Hawaiian sun." Cheers rose from everyone.
I added, "You'll find out more about this trip later on, during our flight. Since we're going to be living together for the next few days, I'd like to get introductions over with immediately so we'll be able to know each other by name. Tom would you like to go first?"
"Ok Dan," Tom replied, "Right here in the front row is my lovely wife and my most trusted friend Janet. Please stand up as I introduce you. Next, my son Tom Jr. is back there beside his lovely wife Faith."
"My daughter, the tom boy, no pun intended, is right there in the middle, please stand up Audrey. I always tease her about being a tom boy because she can climb a tree faster than her boyfriend Frank. Frank please stand up, you know I love you. Then of course when the rumors started filling the text messages that we were going to Hawaii, Audrey asked if her best friend could come along. So over there beside my daughter is her best friend Katie."
"Last but certainly not least, is my partner in crime, who stood by me for years and helped me through mountains of paperwork, my executive secretary, Brenda Summers. Oops, I lied, I'm the last one, hi my name is Tom Banks."
I smiled and started the applause which lasted a few seconds until Tom's family sat down. I looked around before starting, "I'm going to do something different than Tom and start by introducing my daughter Jenna. Jenna is my family's wild child. If there's ever a challenge or dare, Jenna most likely started it or at the minimum, can be found in the middle of the activity."
Suddenly we heard, "Way to go Jenna!" Everyone laughed as Audrey and Katie settled back in their seats.
"Audrey, possibly like you, when my daughter started thinking about a four day absence from her boyfriend, she quickly asked, just a few hours ago, if Kevin could come along with us. They had to rush to Kevin's house and pack a bag so he could be sitting beside Jenna right now. Please stand up Kevin."
"In the back row of chairs are my new daughters Terri and Hanna. I'll let them tell you their stories, if they want to. But I want to say, we are very fortunate to have them as part of our family. Next to them is their personal bodyguard Officer Joanna Doyle."
"Next I'd like to introduce two wonderful secretaries Kelly Jones and Allison Fields who are here to pick Brenda's brain on the way to or on the way home. Either way, I will not allow any business to be conducted while we are on the ground, or in the water, in Hawaii. This is a business and pleasure trip but business can only be conducted in the air. So ladies, if I hear you trying to conduct business while you're sunning on the beach, you'll have to swim and walk home." Everyone laughed for a few seconds.
"I'm getting to the end so beside myself, I'm Dan Morrison, there are two wonderful and giving ladies sitting right here in front of me. Both of them have made me what I am today. First, my loving wife and mother of my child is Kim. Sitting next to her is a young lady who came to work for me fresh out of high school and she has been with me ever since. Like Brenda, Beth Thompson has been by my side preparing paperwork so when I stand up to speak, I know I have the most current information. Well, except for this speech that is."
Tom started clapping and everyone joined in. I raised my hand and said "Wait a minute, there are two more people just entering the room back there. Please come up here ladies."
When Linda and Jen were beside me I said, "I want to introduce our flight attendants Linda and Jen. If you want or need anything during our flight, they will assist you. Linda, do you have anything to say since we have their undivided attention?"
Linda said, "Welcome aboard. I talked to the captain and he said everything has been buttoned up and we will be getting underway in a few minutes. During takeoff, please remain in your seat and make sure your seat is in the upright position. Also please fasten your seatbelt. Once we are in the air, Captain McGrath will let me know when it is safe for you to move around. We will have a meal, in the dining room downstairs, in about thirty minutes. Oh yeah, If you need to smoke, please step out one of the center doors, and enjoy our wingtopsmoking area."
The plane started moving so Linda said, "Please buckle up now and I'll take any questions you may have when we are airborne."
Captain McGrath maneuvered the plane to the end of the runway and our take off was smooth. We were in the air about ten minutes before the phone rang and Linda got up and answered it. When she hung up she said, "You can unbuckle your seat belt and move around now. If you sit down in a seat please fasten your seatbelt in case you go to sleep. That way if we hit any turbulence, you won't be thrown out of your seat. Captain McGrath will be welcoming you aboard shortly. While we're waiting, does anyone have any questions?"
When no one had any questions I stood up and said, "Since you can move around, this would be a great time for everyone to get to know each other. By the way the resort we were going to stay at had a fire and called us just today to tell us our reservations were canceled. So later on in the flight Beth has some updated news for you on the new resort we will be staying at. Right now, we can head down to the dining room."
Tom came over to me and asked, "What are you going to do?"
I smiled and looked around before saying in a very quiet voice, "Beth is going to make a very special presentation before we land. That way you won't have to come up with any kind of story. She'll do a show and tell kind of presentation."
"Are you serious Dan? Is she going to ...?"
"Yes," I said with a wink, "Yes, she'll be nude so there won't be any doubt." I responded.
"Holy crap Dan," Tom started to say, "Talk about going above ..."
"Hey you two, you already know each other." Janet said, "Come on, greet the other people here."
Tom and I moved around together and greeting everyone with a handshake. We moved towards the stairs and followed everyone to the dining room. Tom asked me what we were having and I let him know I told Linda to have Jerry surprise us with one of your favorites.
Tom turned to me and said, "Dan, I really appreciate what you're doing. This is so special to me to get away with friends and family. I want you to know, I consider you a friend, Dan."
"Thanks Tom, I had a feeling you did but you were the kind of boss who came up through the ranks of old time CEOs and you learned to speak gruffly and bark orders. I didn't mind that at all because I always knew the employees in my department were giving me a hundred and ten percent. And if you did have something to say to me about our department, you said what was on your mind directly to me. I never minded your frankness; it scared the shit out of a lot of other department heads."
"I have a little different approach to managing than most employers and even you, Tom. I've always thought of myself as part of the team and that's the way I'm still managing. I can get rough if I need to, but I want people to workwithme more than they workforme."
"Dan, your style doesn't matter as long as you are getting the job done." Tom replied as we walked into the dining room and the wonderful aroma filled the air.
Tom and I both noticed the younger people of our group had already formed their little internal group and they were talking and laughing. Joanna moved over to me and said, "I think while we're in the air there isn't much chance of any danger so I'm going to give Terri and Hanna some space."
Tom asked, "Are you really an officer? You should be a model; you're too cute to be a police officer."
Joanna smiled and blushed before she responded with, "Thank you kind sir. You know what a girl likes to hear. But yes, I'm a police officer and right now I'm on special detail as Terri and Hanna's personal bodyguard. No one is going to mess with them as long as I'm able to prevent it."
Tom turned to me and asked, "May I enquire why the girls need their own personal bodyguard and what it has to do with you?"
Suddenly Captain McGrath's voice came over the speakers telling us about our flight. He included our cruising speed and altitude. He gave us an approximate time of arrival then jokingly added, that is, if we don't get tied up in traffic over California's I-5. He added he hoped we enjoyed our flight and reminded us dinner would be served shortly.
Linda asked me, "Are we ... you know ... is this one of the trips where we come out here too?"
"Oh yes," I said, "You will always eat with me unless the table is full of executives."
Linda laughed and picked up the phone and called the flight deck. She told the captain we are in the dining room and she was ready to serve dinner. Before she hung up the phone she said, "Tell the others to wash their hands before they come back here."
All of us who heard Linda started laughing. The younger people just looked at us.
We moved to sit down and I offered Tom the seat at the head of the table but he refused politely. He insisted that I sit at the head of the table so Kim, Beth, Joanna, Kelly and Allison sat down in chairs on my right and Tom sat down on my left with Janet, Brenda, Tom Jr., and Faith beside him.
While Linda and Jen served our meals, Captain McGrath and Sam the navigator came into the dining room and Captain McGrath held up his hands and said, "See Mother Linda, I washed my hands, do you want to smell the soap on them."
Linda responded with, "No son I'm not going to sniff your hands. I don't know where they've been. Now sit down so I'll know where to put your plate." Once again, everyone burst out laughing.
"Yes ma'am, that's what I love about the flight deck, there ain't no bossy women up there."
I quickly spoke up, "Hummmmm, that gives me an idea, maybe I can hire a female pilot with the same experience as you Bob and see what happens."
Bob and Sam stepped over to Tom's chair and greeted him with the same respect they would have, if he was still their boss. Bob moved around the table to sit next to Allison while Sam sat down next to Faith.
"Dan you know, I was just beginning to like you and now you've gone and said that."
"Hey now Bob," It was Beth speaking up. "Have you seen that gorgeous red-head pilot the Turner Company has?"
"Oh, My - God!" Captain McGrath exclaimed. "When that beauty walks out of the hanger and climbs into that hot-rod Gulfstream, I want to quit my job and volunteer to fly for Jimmy Turner for free. She's got one flight suit that will give a dead guy a hard-on."
Everyone was laughing by the time the good natured banter ended and everyone started eating. Tom looked at me and simply said, "I love your style Dan. Now I see how you've been on top all these years. You treat others as you would want to be treated."
Kim spoke up and said to Tom, "Yes sir, both of us agreed a long time ago when we first moved into management that we would treat others as we want to be treated. I do the same thing with my staff, Tom. I have the best department in our company. It's not because of me, it's because my staff who work with me, just like Dan's staff."
Soon Linda, Jen and Jerry joined us at the table. We enjoyed great conversation even though Captain McGrath ate his meal quickly so Tom our co-pilot could come back and eat. Over all everyone enjoyed their meal and bestowed plenty of accolades on Jerry. Jerry smiled and said, wait until you've had your dessert."
For dessert we enjoyed vanilla ice cream with fresh strawberries. Tom looked at his dessert and said, "I've always loved this. After that dinner and this for dessert, this is truly special."
After dinner when all the young people took off, we, as in Tom, Janet, Brenda, Tom Jr. and Faith along with Kim, Beth and Joanna, Kelly and Allison we enjoyed some coffee. Tom turned to me and said, "You didn't tell me why you have a personal body guard for Terri and Hanna. If it's too personal, don't tell me but you've piqued my interest.
I looked at Kim and then at Beth and saw both of them nod their head slightly before I said, "Tom, it's a long story. The short version is ..."
"Did you hear about the three business owners who were arrested after they took advantage of young girls? They did some terrible things to them and took pictures and made videos of them to sell." I asked to no one in particular.
Janet spoke up saying, "Yes, that was terrible. Then I heard those guys were tortured by mercenaries or something like that."
Faith added, "Yeah, that story creeped me out because I used to use that salon where those girls were waxed. Since that happened, I've always wondered if there were any videos taken of me, that I didn't know about."
"Terri and Hanna," I said, "Are two of the girls who those three guys used for unscrupulous purposes."
I continued by saying, "Terri was trying to get away from Harold Gordon who was abusing her, so she answered the ad we had in the paper for a house manager. She came to our home for her interview and that's when we learned about all that had happened to her."
For the next fifteen minutes or so I gave everyone the short version. I even explained to Tom and his family about the attack while we were in Germany and that Joanna was instrumental in killing one of the worst mercenaries and taking down a second one in the hallway upstairs in our home. I recanted saying that until the three guys are put away where they can't have any contact with the outside world, Terri and Hanna have to be protected twenty four hours a day, seven days a week.
When I finished my story, Tom told me it was unbelievable for him to comprehend I had gone to such lengths to protect girls who weren't even related to me. He blessed my soul, my heart ...
I stopped him and said, "Family is important to me. Those girls don't have anyone to turn to, so we gave them that family. I will protect them to the best of my ability. No one will ever hurt those girls again, while I'm alive and able to prevent it."
Tom exhaled and asked, "I've been your boss for how long and you never told me anything about this? Dan, you sir, are a man of true stature. If there's anything, and I do mean anything, I can do in the short time I have left to help you, you name it and it's yours. I'm stunned by this revelation and the halo over your head is shining a whole lot brighter."
"Tom, I didn't take them in for anyone to think I'm a great guy. They were in need and I had the resources to help them, so I did. Now I have four police officers living in my home and we're doing everything possible to make sure nothing more happens."
"I think it is very noble for you to do what you're doing. I applaud all of those who are also involved." Janet said.
When we finally decided to call it a night and get some sleep, I told Tom he could enjoy his old executive bedroom again if he wanted to and Kim and I would use the other executive bedroom.
We left the dining room and found the younger people gathered in the upstairs lounge, with the TV tuned into MTV. As we passed through we stopped and I reminded everyone it might be nice to get some sleep so they'd be refreshed when we hit the beach. I told them the chairs reclined and were very comfortable to sleep in.
I looked at Joanna and said, "There's a bedroom down the hall if you want to use one."
Joanna smiled and said, "I don't mind if I do."
I tapped Tom Jr. on the shoulder and said, "You can use one of the other bedrooms if you want some privacy."
He smiled and said, "We wanted to join the mile high club so thank you."
I looked at Faith and she blushed and turned her face into Tom's shoulder. Tom looked at me saying, "My wife is shy around people she just meets. After a while, she's a wildcat."
Faith slapped Tom's arm and said, "Come on, let's go."
Jenna looked up at me, I winked at her and she silently mouthed the word bedroom and I nodded my head. I knew Kevin and her would end up having sex so they might as well use a bedroom.
We made our way down the hall and Tom, Janet and Brenda walked into the executive bedroom and Kim, Beth and I walked into the other one.
In their room Tom watched his wife and Brenda undress. When they were down to their panties Tom said, "I'm such a lucky man. Both of you are lovely women."
We went into our bedroom and quickly undressed. Beth said, "I think I'll wait to take a shower after we wake up. If I'm going to do the presentation nude, there won't be any reason for me to put my clothes back on until we're ready to land."
"Do you want me to stay naked too?" Kim asked.
"No, you can get dressed; there may be a spot where you can take your clothes off later." Beth replied.
Once all three of us were naked, we joined together in a group hug and kissed each other. Each of us expressed our love for each other and with one final squeeze we separated and walked towards the huge bed. The girls made sure I was in the middle so I reached out and pulled both ends of the bed belt and clicked them together. We talked quietly for a very short time before the hum of the jet engines put us to sleep.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** IF, you Loved this chapter, please click on the # 5 Star.
** PLEASE VOTE: Your vote rates the story/chapter and Literotica uses your votes to rate the authors.
****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
Dan Morrison, wife - Kim, daughter - Jenna, second wife - Beth Thompson, daughter to be - Terri Powell and daughter to be Hanna Lindquist: The Morrison family
Jake Thompson, wife - Kathy: Beth Thompson's Family:
Kelly Jones: Dan and Beth's Executive Secretary
Allison Fields: Dan and Beth's Executive Assistant Secretary
Ted and Marion Johnson: Security crew
Officer Mary Davis, Officer Shelly White, Officer Joanna Doyle: Police Officers
Jeff Simpson, wife - Tina, son - John, daughters - Abby and Deana: Terri's Friend
Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth Williams: Landscaping crew
Ken White, wife - Amy, son - Brian, daughter - Angela and son - Andy: Shelly White's - Brother's Family
June, Hank and Sarah - The White's friend
Ashley Brennan and Debbie Brown: House cleaning crew
Jerry Wilber: (Title to be determined) Dan's second in command at his company
Taffy Davis: Secretary at Dan's company
Connie Swensen: Secretary at Dan's company
**(Characters from - A New Life for Dr. Mitchel)
Rebecca (Becca) Andrews: aka - Judy, aka - Judy Monet
Marshall (Marsh) Edgar Mitchel: aka - Mike
Virginia (Ginny) Hastings: General Manager of The Hole
Jack Davis: head chef at The Hole.
Teresa Gonzalez: Mexican chef at The Hole
Marguarita (Mita) Rosario: Marsh's ranch manager
Leyanni Lau: Resort manager in Hawaii
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Law Firm:Hurley, Greene & Barlotta
Dan's Lawyer: Mr. Edward (Pete) Hurley
Kim's Lawyer: Bruce Barlotta
Beth's Lawyer: Brian Greene
Law Firm Executive Secretary: Julie Owens:
Cindy Spinner: Clothing Shop Salesperson
Jeff Snyder: Clothing Shop Salesperson
Captain Bob McGrath: Pilot for the company
Tom: Co-Pilot
Sam: Navigator
Linda, Jenny and Jerry: Company flight attendants and chef
** BAD GUYS **
Harold Gordon
Pete Jensen
Bill Jefferson
Tony Martinelli: aka The Butcher
****************************