After all I had done I had trouble sleeping that night. I was excited by everything, somewhat embarrassed also. No guys had ever seen me naked before, until Jan pushed me a little.
I was glad that she had pushed me. I wouldn't have done anything unless I was pushed but now, now, I was thinking that I was hooked.
I had my eyes closed, in bed, listening to Jan in the other bed in our dorm room, and I pictured myself naked with guys looking at me, lots of guys. I was also thinking. I wasn't sure that I wanted to do the naked office girl thing. The video taping of me there, it was kind of too much, I thought.
But guys seeing me naked, that was all to the good. I loved the feeling of being so bad, I loved the way that they looked at me. I didn't really mind much that their eyes went right to my pussy first, not even at me, my face, just right to my pussy, then my tits, then maybe my face.
I liked the naked lust on their faces, the thinking that if she gets naked, she'll fuck thoughts that I knew they had.
Well, I wasn't going to fuck them all. But I was also thinking that Jack, I sort of really liked Jack, well. him fucking me. That was a good thought. He had a nice penis. I liked his better than Robert's or David's. It was slightly longer and much thicker. It felt better sliding up inside me. It even felt good when he came inside me. I liked that feeling very much. That I got him hot enough that he came.
But what I really liked was the thought of him telling me what to do. Jan doing that was OK, but Jack doing it was something else. I had no idea what a submissive woman was, but being submissive to him was a turn on. I wondered if he would like that, if he would like having control of me. Control that I thought I wouldn't mind giving to him.
And I also like the thought of being kind of humiliated by him. Of him calling me bad names, making me do things that maybe I wouldn't really enjoy doing, maybe I would enjoy them, but at the start they wouldn't be all that much fun for me.
My thoughts always came to back to this, Jack, with a smirk on his face, me standing in front of him bare ass naked or me lying down, bare ass, with my legs spread wide, my tits lolling to either side of my chest, nipples erect because I was turned on. Or me on my hands and knees, facing away from him, pulling my ass cheeks wide open so he could see my pussy and asshole.
Jack knowing every private part of me, probably better than I knew them, because I couldn't see them, not my hole, not my asshole, but he could see them.
But what really got me going was hearing him say, "Take off your clothes, Sabine", just expecting that I would. And that I knew his expectation was not wrong.
So the next morning, I did my best to find him. After my first two classes, starting to get frustrated, I finally did. I asked him to come to the rec cafe and talk. It was hard to get started, it was humiliating and embarrassing to tell him.
"So, Jack, I sort of like you."
He just looked at me, one eyebrow lifted.
God, this was not going to be easy.
I want, sort of, to have you, um, tell me, to do things."
"What sort of things?"
Ah shit.
"Um, sort of like what we did in the pines."
"So like, get you naked?"
Thank God.
"Um, yeah. It kind of gets me going."
"You get turned on?"
"Yeah, um, yeah, I do."
I knew that I was blushing, but didn't care.
"I kind of want you to, um, embarrass me too."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, um, most girls would not like to hear strip or take your clothes off in front of other people. Ah, I think, um, that I would like that."
"So, like, if I sneaked you into my dorm room and there were other guys in the room and I said to you "Take off your clothes" you'd do it?"
"Um, I think, um, I would."
"Not that I don't think it would be fun, Sabine, but why?"
Ah God.
"Because I like, sort of, the thought of you, um, telling me. Because I sort of, um, I like people looking at me."
"It wouldn't bother you to have other people seeing you?"
"Well, yeah, kind of, it would, but ..."
"You'd get turned on by it?"
"Um, yeah, I really think I would."
"Is it a turn on with just me?"
"Yeah, Jack, it is, it really is. I don't want to have sex all the time, but being naked for you, it, um, um, really gets me going."
Jack just chuckled.
"Anything else?"
This was going to be really hard...
"Um, could you sort of tell me bad things about me?"
"What?"
"Um, sort of, um, tell me I have a fat ass. Tell me, um, that I am a slut. Call me a cunt."
Christ that made me blush harder than ever.
"Things, um, like that, Jack,"
"So be an asshole to you, does that turn you on?"
"Um, I don't know for sure, but, um, maybe."
It was eleven in the morning and Jack smirked at me. Then he leaned forward towards me.
"Let's test this out Sabine. Come on."
Jack stood up and started walking away. I hurriedly got up and followed him. To the men's room. He walked in and I followed him. Into the handicapped stall. I shut the door to it and latched it, shivering.
Jack turned around and smirked again.
"So, do you want to show me your fat ass, Sabine?"
I shuddered. I looked at the smirk on his face. I didn't say anything. I just turned around and reached down to my shorts, undid them and worked them over my hips. They slid down below my ass, no panties left, remember?
Jack chuckled.
"You do have a fat ass cunt. Are your shorts loose?"
I took a breath.
"Yeah."
"Let go of them."
I did and they slid down to the floor.
"Step out of them and hand them to me."
I squatted and eased them off each foot, then turned and handed them to Jack, naked below the waist in a men's room.
He looked down at my pussy, smirking again. Dropped my shorts behind him, away from me.
"Come here."
I stepped up close to him. His hand went between my legs and I gasped.
"Is your cunt wet?"
"I don 't know..."
"Let's find out."
His middle finger eased between the lips and worked into my hole. I sucked in a breath.
"I was right, you're soaking bitch."
I shuddered.
"Is this good for you, Sabine?"
"Yeah, God, it's good Jack, really good."
He thrust his middle finger in and out of me and I had to put my hands on his shoulders to keep standing.
"I want to see your fat tits too, cunt. Take off the top."
My hands went to the buttons on my blouse and undid them. I opened it, pulled it back and off. Standing naked in my shoes in the men's room. With Jack's finger up inside me.
"Pinch your nipples."
I did, twisting them, pulling them out, rubbing thumbs over them, God they were so stiff!
"Are you naked slut?"
"No..."
"No?"
"Shoes..."
"Want to be naked?"
"Yeah..."
"Take them off."
I toed off my shoes, nothing on at all. Not a thing. Jack took his finger out of me.
"Bend at the waist."
I did. He reached up and cupped both of my tits. He lifted them up and let go. They flopped down and bounced under my chest.
He did it again and it felt good to have his hands on my bare tits. He cupped them, bounced them, rubbed my erect nipples. I was panting. I was naked in a men's room, being teased and played with, with a guy I had never dated, never been my boyfriend. Just a guy I knew. A guy who had seen me naked, just because Jan wanted it. Then because I wanted it. He had shaved my pubic hair off. Played with my pussy, fucked me. Never on a date. I had sucked his cock. He'd seen my asshole, every part of me.
I heard his zipper.
"Look."
I looked down, his cock, stiff and sticking out of his jeans.
"Want to sit on it?"
I said nothing, just moved my legs apart and stepped up over him. I grasped it and held it upright. Lowered myself, rubbed the tip between my soaking pussy lips and lowered myself onto it. No rubber. Bare. Right up inside me. Jack sucked in a breath.
"Just let it soak, Sabine."
I moaned softly. But I didn't move, impaled on his cock.
"Feel good, bitch?"
"Yesssss."
"No fucking right now bitch. Just let it soak in that hot, wet, tight cunt."
I whimpered, I wanted to fuck so bad.
I was so bad, so nasty, so slutty. I was loving it. Jack had told me what to do. Played with me. Did what I wanted him to do. It was so good.
We stayed like that a few minutes, two guys came into the bathroom. I got scared, kept silent, naked impaled college girl. Jack cupping my bare ass cheeks, bent over and sucked a nipple into his mouth. I bit down on my hand to keep silent. I wanted to shriek. He pumped once, twice. My pussy clenched down on him. I listened to the guys pee. They left. Jack made me look at him.
"Going to do another thing slut. See if you really meant what you said."
He made me lift off of him.
"Suck it clean, get the pussy juice off it."
I scrambled to my knees in the men's room, bent over and slipped him into my mouth, sucking, licking, slurping on him. He was still hard, too big to get all of it in my mouth, so I let it out and licked all over the shaft, tasting myself on him. Probably getting his pre-cum too. Didn't care, wanted to be the slut for him, getting as much from it as he was.
Jack finally stopped me, he stopped me sucking him! A real surprise to me, I never thought a guy would make a girl stop sucking his cock.
"Pick up your shirt and wipe off your cunt with it."
Just the kind of dirty, nasty thing to make me do. I did it, I was pretty juicy.
"Put it on."
I did. Didn't button it until he told me to, still nude below it. Still aroused, by being nude, from his fingering, from sucking, from where I was.
He handed me my shorts and I made him tell me to put them on before I changed from letting them dangle from my hand to covering myself. Then I buttoned my blouse and Jack led me out of the men's room.
We left the rec center and walked to his dorm. His room, with his room mate was just up the first flight of stairs on the second floor, right to the right of the landing. He opened the door and we walked into the study room. There were two guys there, I knew neither of them. We went into the bedroom. Jack opened the door there to the communal bathroom, shared by four dorm "suites" I guess. He called the two guys in and told them to sit on a bed. I was across the room next to the other bed.
Jack had me face away from them. I stood there, knowing what most likely was coming. And it did.
"Show them your ass."
I'm pretty sure they didn't think I would. I wasn't sure I would, but my hands went by themselves to my shorts and undid them. The guys couldn't see me do that. But they got it when I worked my shorts down below my bare ass. I had no panties, remember. I stood there, holding my shorts up with both hands, showing my ass to guys I had just seen for the first time in my life.
"Want to do more?"
I sucked in a breath.
"Mmmhmmm."
Jack chuckled.
"Let go of them."
I did and for a moment they hung there and then they began to slide down my legs, down to my ankles.
"Want them off?"
I said nothing, just toed off my shoes, then worked my feet out of my shorts. I pushed them away from me with my left foot. Jack bent over and picked up my shoes and shorts. I looked to see him dropping them behind him, away from me.
"How do you feel?"
"Embarrassed."
"Hot?"
"Yeah."
"Want to turn around?"
I said nothing, just did it, turned so that I was facing the two guys, bare pussy right there, my bare, shaved pussy. He didn't have to ask any more questions. My hands went to my blouse and began to undo the buttons. The two guys did not believe their luck. I undid one after another until they were all undone. A strip of bare skin between the two sides of my blouse. Then I sat on the other bed, right at the edge of it. And I slowly opened my blouse until both tits were bare.
"Take it off."
I did and Jack held out a hand. I gave it to him, looked over and saw it flutter to the floor behind him. I looked back at the two guys and very deliberately opened my legs.
Finally I spoke.
"No touching, but take a good look, a real good look."
I sat on the that bed, leaning back on my elbows totally nude for twenty minutes. And I knew why the door to the communal bathroom was open. As soon as one of the two guys heard someone enter the bathroom, they shouted...
"Hey, there's a naked chick in here!"
All the while, I sat, back on my elbows, tits lolling to either side of my chest, legs spread, feet on the floor, lifting my ass up and rotating my hips. Doing that so the globes of my ass were in sight. Along with everything else I had.
And guys were sticking their heads into Jack's room, looking at me, smirking, laughing, staring. Staring at the naked girl in the boy's dorm room. The very naked girl. The girl with no clothes.
Of course Jack was asked about me. And he answered.
"Her name is Sabine Johnson. She's a junior here."
"She likes to get naked."
"She likes to be seen."
All the while my ass is up and my hips rotating, my pussy in plain sight, my tits in plain sight, my face in plain sight.
Guys from the other rooms that shared the bathroom were coming to peer through the door at me. At that time I really didn't care, later I had some misgivings, but by then it was too late to take anything back. I wanted to do stuff for Jack, but this was almost too much for me. I didn't really get to count how many came to the door, but it was over ten.
After it was over and Jack and I left his dorm room I mentally started counting. Jack, Robert and David was three. The four guys who chased me around the dorm made seven.
Jan's cousin and his work mates, another four for eleven total.
Then today, two guys in Jack's dorm room, that was thirteen.
And the ones who peeked in, I had to ask Jack if he had counted. He hadn't, he was too into watching me, but he said it had to be at least ten more, so that made at least twenty-three who had seem me without any clothes on in the past ten days. And the guy who took my virginity had never seen me naked. It was in the dark in the back seat of a car. Dress up, panties dangling on one leg, cock into me.
God I felt like a total slut, but unfortunately I was enjoying all this too much to really care. Although I was now nervous about what I had done in Jack's dorm room.
Jack had told me that he was going to push my limits and that excited me. As we walked along the path we went by the history building and he pulled me down the side to a large oak tree. He looked me up and down, smirked.
"Like risky?"
"Kind of."
"Show me your tits."
I got a sly smile on my face, looked past him and then at him. Tried to act like I was hesitant.
"Here?"
"Yeah, right here, right now, Sabine. Get your tits out."
My hands went to the top button of my blouse and slowly I began to undo them. When they were all undone I looked past him again, no one close to us, some people in the distance. I grasped the blouse and pulled it open, baring my tits to him. Jack stood there, grinning at me, I wanted to grin back but didn't. He reached out and cupped my left tit, squeezing it, rubbing the nipple, watching how I reacted. My eyes closed, breathing faster. Not stopping him, letting him do what he wanted. God, I was turned on!
"Want my shorts down?"
"Want to do it?"
"Yeah, I do."
"Go ahead, I won't stop you."
So with my blouse undone and open, tits bare, outside, in the day time, on campus, my hands went to my shorts, undid them, worked them over my hips and let go of them. They slid down to my ankles and I was basically naked in front of him again. Naked outside. Jack was still feeling my tit. His other hand went between my legs and widened them, he cupped my pussy, squeezing and rubbing my mound. I probably would have fucked him right there if he tried it. He just kept me like that, fondling me, outside. Then he stepped back, took out his phone and took several pictures of me, leaning against the oak, blouse open, shorts at my ankles, no underwear. Finally...
"Do up your blouse first Sabine, then you can pull up your shorts."
And I did what he told me, in that order, while he stood there looking at me. When I was covered up again, he walked me back to my dorm room and I sneaked him into it.
Jan was there, two other girls that I didn't know. Jack leaned against the door, looked at the three of them, smirked.
"Sabine, why don't you take off your clothes."
Holy shit! In front of girls, with a guy standing there! They'd think I was a total slut!
I did it. I took off my blouse, baring my tits, took off my shoes and then my shorts. Letting them see it all, all of me, in front of Jack. I don't think they believed it. But they certainly saw me naked with Jack in the room and he had told me to do it and I had. Jan just giggled.
The other girls called Jack "Mr. Arrogant". They didn't say anything to me, just sort of looked disgusted with me.
"Does she do this often?"
"Well, he's seen her before, just like this, except she got quite a bit nastier that night."
"Oh?"
"Yeah, she got on that bed and spread her legs for him. Oh and for the two other guys with him."
"She didn't!"
"She did. Show them Sabine."
Jack moved over to one of the beds and sat down next to one of the girls. Jan motioned to me and I sat on the other bed, then lifted my feet up on it and let my knees fall open. Pussy right there, in front of them and Jack. Tits lolling to the sides of my chest, nipples hard as stone.
Jack chirped in now...
"Sabine told me today that she would do whatever I told her to do."
"Sure she did Mr. Arrogant."
"Sabine, get on your knees facing away from me."
I did.
"Put your face on the bed."
I did.
"Reach back and pull your ass cheeks apart."
I almost refused, but I did it. Showing my asshole, my pussy, feeling the lips pulling apart, probably showing my pussy hole to them.
"How does that feel Sabine?"
"Nasty."
"Embarrassed?"
"Kind of."
"Turned on?"
"Oh, yeah."
"What are you supposed to call your vagina Sabine?
"My cunt."
I felt so humiliated saying that, but also fairly liberated. As much as I hated that word it was kind of liberating to say it.
"Turn around and hold up your tits for me."
I did that too, lifting them up and more to the center of my chest. My damn nipples were really stiff.
"Are your nipples stiff?"
"God yes."
"Like my questions?"
"No, not really. They make me feel nasty answering them truthfully."
"I'm going to have you be really nasty this Thursday Sabine."
"Oh?"
"Yeah, there's a club across the river, a gentlemen's club. Do you know what that is?"
"Not really."
"It's a club where guys pay girls to get completely naked in front of them. Completely bare ass naked, spread their legs, show their tits and asses. They have an amateur contest on Thursday's. I'm going to enter you in it. Sound like fun?"
"I'm not sure."
"How many guys have seen you naked since you met me, Sabine?"
"Twenty-three."
How many did you know before your clothes came off?"
"Three."
"Just think, in one night, you could show yourself to fifty, maybe a hundred. Make you feel turned on?"
"Um, yeah, it does."
The two girls I didn't know giggled. So did Jan. Jack just smirked at me. He knew how much of a slut I was. Jan sort of did too, but I didn't think she knew as much of me as Jack did.
"So, do you want to be in the contest on Thursday?"
"I think so."
"Girls, you can come too, but bring some guys from campus with you. Sabine wants guys she sees every day on campus to see her nude. Think that you can do that?"
"Oh yeah. We can get a few."
"I'm going to tell every guy in her classes. Not all of them will come, but I think a lot of them will. And I know the owner, the club. There are two floors, a main stage and a secondary one on the second floor. I think I can get him to give us the second floor. After the dancers finish on stage they go backstage and get dressed, then work the crowd. I think I can get them to let Sabine stay bare ass. I'm thinking for like two hours. Just think Sabine, two whole hours bare ass in front of a bunch of guys that you know, that know you, that sit next to you in class. I bet you think that will be great!"
I wasn't entirely sure about that, but the idea of taking my clothes off in front of so many people, not just guys, was a turn on for me. I could picture in my mind the guys sitting next to me in religion class staring at my bare pussy and tits. Knowing that in class on Friday they would know exactly what I looked like, no secrets from them. They would have seen my tits and nipples, my bare shaved cunt, my bare ass.
While all this was going through my mind, my eyes unseeing, my ears not hearing, the two girls were giggling and talking about who they were going to ask to come with them to the club. And it finally dawned on me that I was going to be very well known on campus if I did the contest.
As I thought about getting naked at a club in front of the most people I had ever been naked in front of them, I started to get nervous. But the more that I thought about doing that, the more excited I became. So much so that later that night, I called Jack on the phone.
It was after dark and I asked him to meet me, offered to come to his dorm. He said yes and I got on a blouse and pair of shorts, some shoes, walked over to meet him. I didn't know how to start this, we talked about normal things for a bit. Finally Jack asked...
"What did you want Sabine?"
I kind of stumbled over my words but finally I got it out...
"I want you to strip me, somewhere on campus, not hiding necessarily, but not really out there either. But I want you to strip me."
"What brought this on? Usually you just go along with what I want."
"I've been thinking about the contest, the club. I can't get it out of my head. I just, I just, I don't know, I just want you to get me naked. Kind of risky naked. Not totally insane risky, but risky. A chance to get caught."
Jack smirked at me and took my hand. We walked across campus to the field house and Jack stopped me. He grinned at me. We were on the east side of the field house and there was an open field to the east of that, then 12th street. It was dark, no one around. He reached up and started unbuttoning my blouse. God I was excited and nervous both. Was he going to strip me right here?
Jack finished undoing my blouse and pushed it off my shoulders, then pulled it off my arms. My tits were out. He reached out with both hands and cupped my tits. I shuddered. His thumbs rubbed over my nipples as he squeezed my tits. I was almost panting.
He let go of me and reached down to my shorts, they had an elastic waistband. Jack gripped them and pulled them down. They ended at my ankles and I kicked them off. Nude, just in shoes for him. Outside, how I wanted it. In front of Jack again. He reached for my pussy and I spread my feet apart, letting him feel me. Jack did that for a bit, until I started moving my hips. He chuckled.
"You're a hot ass bitch, Sabine."
I just stood there, letting him feel my pussy, nude again.
"Now Sabine, for a little risky. I want you to walk to 12th street and then back here."
My eyes snapped to him, kind of shocked. It was a long way, outside, on campus. And there were lights along the avenue next to us and a lot more on 12th. But it really felt like it would be exciting. Exciting to be nude here, and to walk away from my clothes. I decided to do it. It was stupid, scary but it aroused me even more than Jack's hand between my legs.
Jack bent over and picked up my clothes and with the other hand, his thumb and forefinger grasped my left nipple and pulled me. I sucked in a breath and followed, stumbling. Jack chuckled.
"I want you to walk along 14th avenue, Sabine."
Which was lit about every fifty feet by streetlights. So if I did this, every fifty feet I would be walking through a pool of light, extremely visible to anyone near me.
He dropped my clothes next to the steps at the side of 14th .
He pulled me along by my left nipple to the sidewalk next to 14th Avenue. Then he let go of it. I clapped my hand to my tit. I looked at him, he grinned.
"Start walking and don't stop until 12th. Stand there for a count of ten and then you can walk back to me. Face the street while you are counting."
It was late, but there always was traffic on 12th, day or night. I would be on the side of the street, naked, in plain sight. It scared me a bit, but also was arousing my mind. Thinking of standing there, nude, with traffic going by was hot.
So I went off, striding along until I came to the first streetlight. Then I began to worry. I was going to be in the light for good way. I slowed until I was in the first part of the light, then sped up. I had decided at the last minute that I couldn't refuse to do this.
Besides it was one of my fantasies that I had been surpressing for years. I just loved being naked outside with the chance of being seen or caught. Jack really could push my buttons. And he got something out of it too. He got to see me bare ass over and over, feel my tits, feel my pussy. I have even let him fuck me.
But enough of that, I am naked and walking down the sidewalk on the south edge of campus, walking through lighted portions, then dark, heading towards one of the busiest streets in town. Once I get there I am going to stand on boulevard and count to ten, just like Jack told me to do. Because I am trying to be a good girl.
Walking along in the night, cool air brushing against my skin, tickling my tits and pussy and ass. It was arousing if getting scarier as I came closer to 12th. It seemed like forever but I got there, stepped onto the grass, faced the street and began to silently count.
When I got to eight I mentally forgot and had to start over. I wanted to be there until at least one car or truck or drove by. I was standing in a pool of light, able to be easily seen. Just how I wanted it to be. Finally a car passed and it's horn honked and I turned and began to walk back to Jack.
I made myself go at the same pace although the little guy in my brain was screaming "Hurry damn it!". The cool air on my skin was exhilarating. It felt good, made my nipples stay hard. I could imagine the car that had passed coming up behind me and me taking the time to stop, face it, and talk to the people in it.
I kept my steady pace, feeling my ass jiggle and my tits bounce all the way back. When I got to Jack he chuckled.
"That was more than a 10 count."
I sort of blushed.
"Yeah, I lost count standing there nude and started over."
He chuckled again.
"Lift your tits up."
My hands went under my tits and lifted them, and Jack bent forward and sucked on each nipple, making me gasp. I was naked, on the sidewalk, and he was sucking my nipples. God I got hot! I wanted him to keep doing it, then push me down so I could suck him or on my back and he fucks me. But no.
He stopped sucking on them and reached out to grasp my left nipple again.
"Come on."
Jack pulled me by my nipple back to the few clothes that I had worn. When we got there he let go of my nipple.
"I'm going to sneak you into my dorm room and once there, I want you to strip off everything and lie down on my bed with your legs open. So my room mate and anyone else there can see your cunt. And your tits of course. Understand?"
I swallowed and nodded yes. That was going to be somewhat humiliating. But also a turn on for me. Jack picked up my clothes and grasped my left nipple again. As he started walking, pulling me along...
"I'll hold your clothes until you get too scared. Just let me know when you want to get dressed Sabine. Personally I like you bare ass. I think you do too."
Jack was right. I liked to be bare ass naked. What we were doing was stupid. I knew that. But it really got me going. Now it was not so much Jack seeing me, but that I had nothing on really. Him holding my nipple and pulling me with it was pretty good too. Both of my nipples were really hard.
As we walked along, away from the field house, we passed into patches of light, then darkness. I knew that there was security on campus, but I gave that no thought at all.
We passed the biology building, an old frame construction, like a barracks. I imagined it being full of men, all of them looking out the windows at the shameless slut passing by.
I should describe the campus. The main part is on the west side of 12th street. The east side has the football stadium, baseball field and a new dorm.
On the west are the rest of the dorms and the teaching buildings, the field house and a space for a hockey rink. The east side is six blocks from north to south and four blocks from east to west. And we were walking up from the south end towards the north and Jack's dorm. His dorm was like a medieval building, six floors tall in the shape of a "U". My dorm was perhaps a block below it and modern.
So if I gutted this out I was going to walk six blocks nude on campus.
The time of night, it was after midnight, was in my favor. It was a Monday, no one usually out this late. Even so, I had not planned on walking the entire way naked. There was security on campus. There could be people out, though it was unlikely. I liked risks but was not wanting to be caught nude outside on campus. I likely would be expelled. So as I walked along, Jack tugging on my left nipple, which I was aroused by, along with my nudity, I was thinking of where to stop and dress.
Jack was not looking around, he didn't really care, he was dressed. I however was. Getting caught was just stupid. It might be arousing to have someone find me naked, but I didn't really want to chance it too much.
We passed the biology building, then the math building, then a girl's dorm. Now a parking lot and finally...
"Jack, I need to put something on."
He stopped and let go of my nipple. Looked me up and down. Grinned. Handed me my blouse.
I put it on and buttoned it up. It barely covered my ass and my pussy.
"Jack, my shorts, please."
"Nope. You're covered."
"Jack, come on. Every step I take my pussy shows."
"If you're standing still it's covered."
Jack stepped to my side and cupped my right ass cheek, fondling it. Then he undid the top three buttons on my blouse and reached in it, pulling out my left tit.
"Let's go."
Off he walked with my shorts and I followed, tempted to put my tit back in, but I left it out. Both tits were moving, jiggling, bouncing and that made me even more aroused. He turned around and moved backwards watching me come behind him, my bare tit moving as I walked. He chuckled.
"Your tit looks good like that, Sabine. Stop for a minute, I need to fix something."
I stopped and Jack moved behind me, rolling my blouse up so my ass was bare. He cupped my cheeks and squeezed. I moaned. God his hands felt good on me! He left one hand to fondle my ass and the other went to my bared tit, fondling that. I wanted to stand there forever with him feeling me. But I wanted to get somewhere inside.
"Jack, let's go."
"All right, you first. I want to see your ass when you're walking, Sabine."
That made me very conscious of my ass as I began to walk again. How it jiggled, how it moved when I walked. Jack was chuckling behind me. It was embarrassing to hear him chuckle. I didn't know what my ass looked like naked, when I walked, but it must have been funny.
And I was very conscious of how much my blouse did not cover. So much so that I forgot that my left tit was out.
I remembered it when we got close to Jack's dorm and I was now thinking of what he had told me that I was going to do once in his room. I got nervous, sure his room mate had seen me before, but I was thinking that Jack would make me do more. I put my tit away and Jack made me stand outside while he went in.
I was so stupid and so nervous dressed with just a blouse, that I completely forgot that Jack had rolled up the back of it and my ass was hanging out. Both cheeks and crack right out there.
So when Jack came out with his room mate and told me to walk into the dorm and up to the second floor, when I went by them, my bare ass was hanging out for them. They both started laughing and then I got it. I was going to cover it, but Jack told me not to. As a matter of fact he and his room mate walked up to me and Jack reached into my blouse and took out my left tit again. I thought his room mate's eyes were going to bug out when Jack lifted my tit out.
I was getting awfully horny by now, with all the exposure and Jack feeling me, tits, pussy and ass, and now this other guy seeing my ass and tits, and knowing when I went into their room Jack expected me to get bare ass. And that I would do it, not really because he wanted it, but because I wanted it. I wanted to show my tits and pussy and ass. I was going to do it. I knew I was.
I walked away from the two of them, letting them stare at my bare ass and opened the door to the section of the dorm, and walked in, then started up the stairs. Jack and his room mate behind me, watching my ass flex and jiggle. I got to the second floor landing and turned to face them, my tit out, nipple hard as a diamond.
They were both grinning like idiots.
Jack walked by me but the other guy stood right by me to get a good look at my tit. I walked into their rooms, and he followed.
I knew what I was going to do before I even got in the room. I toed my shoes off and began unbuttoning my blouse and before the door closed I had it off. Bare ass naked. Again.
"Where do you want me, Jack?"
"I thought the bed but there isn't enough room in there. Just a minute."
He cleared off a study table and patted it.
"Up you go."
I thought about how best to display myself, then I climbed up on it, moved back so the backs of my knees were on the table, leaned back on my elbows so my face was visible, and my tits too and kept my legs together.
"Pull up a couple of chairs guys."
I waited until they had and sat down. Then I slowly spread my legs wide. My pussy was right there, the half globes of my ass showing under it, tits lolling to either side of my chest, face in plain sight, everything in plain sight.
"Like it?"
Jack chuckled, the other guy was almost panting, he said nothing, just stared right at my twat.
I decided to be really dirty and reached down with one hand, a finger on each lip and pushed them open, showing the inside of my pussy to them.
"I want you to stay like this for 30 minutes."
That's what I did, laid on that table for thirty minutes, bare ass, legs wide open. I didn't keep my lips pulled apart for all that time, but enough so the room mate got the best look he probably has or ever will at a woman's pussy.
I was so fucking horny it wasn't funny. My nipples never went down and I was afraid I was going to leak. I knew that I was wet as hell. How I was was such a turn on for me. Jack had seen me so much in the past two weeks it was probably old hat for him but he looked at me just as much as the other guy.
Eventually I lifted my feet up and by my ass and moved my ass to the edge of the study table, let my knees fall open. My pussy was right there for them. I almost asked Jack to finger me or something worse. But I bit that back. Just being the way I was was close to enough for me.
Finally it was over, maybe too soon for me, maybe not. Jack handed me my blouse and I put it on, buttoned just up to the bottom of my tits, then my shorts which I slipped on, then my shoes and he walked me to my dorm.
When we were almost there I turned to him.
"Jack, strip me again, please."
Jack grinned and pulled down my shorts immediately, then undid my blouse and pushed it off me. Then he started feeling my tits again. I think I almost immediately started panting from desire.
"Jack I don't know if I can do the contest thing."
"You can, Sabine. And you'll love it."
"I don't know Jack. Feel my pussy."
He did and I stood there, bare ass, letting him feel me, tits and pussy, naked outside, close to my dorm. At a religious college. Pretty dumb, huh?
"The next couple of days, Jack, if you see me and I have time between classes, I want you to strip me. Every time you see me and I have the time. I want to be stripped. Maybe after two days of doing that I'll feel better about the contest. You choose the place and how long I have to stay naked. OK?"
Jack agreed with a grin, with a finger up inside my pussy and a tit in his hand. When I decided to go in to my dorm room, I just put on the blouse, carried my shorts in one hand. Barely covered. But it was close to 2AM. No one was going to see me this late. No one would be up.
I was right and it felt absolutely awesome to be walking into my dorm wearing only a blouse, that barely covered my ass and pussy. It really felt awesome. I didn't turn on the lights and stripped off the blouse, dropping it and my shorts on the floor and getting into bed naked. It took a while to go to sleep after all I had done with Jack. I kept replaying the naked walk to 12th Street over and over. Then the entrance into Jack's room and stripping before the door completely closed, in front of his room mate. Then lying down naked on a study table and spreading my legs for both of them to see all of me. The only thing the room mate didn't see on me was my asshole.
The next morning I got up, showered and dressed and was off with my book bag. I had three classes on Tuesday's. I left the dorm and was off to breakfast at the cafeteria when Jack walked up to me. I was completely surprised to see him, but also got excited, remembering what I had told him to do me.
"Where are you going?"
"To breakfast."
"I'll buy, come with me."
I got that jolt down low of excitement. I let Jack lead me to the rec cafe and he didn't stop there, but took me to the men's room. Inside, in the handicapped stall. He shut the door and latched it. I knew what was coming and I was already turned on.
"Take off your shoes."
I did.
Then Jack stepped up to me, a smirk on his face.
"How do you want to do this, Sabine?"
"However you want Jack."
"Then take off your clothes girl. I want to see that slut cunt and those tits, right now."
I shivered hearing him talk like that, and grasped the bottom of a pullover top. Pulled it up and over my head, baring my tits. Remember that I have no underwear any longer. Not a bra, no panties. Not even a thong. I had on a knee length skirt. I undid it, pulled the zipper down and pushed it over my hips and it slid to the floor. I stepped out of it, bent, picked up the top and skirt and handed them to Jack.
Jack chuckled and put them behind him on the baby changing table. He looked me up and down, smirking at how easy I was. I'd strip for him almost anywhere. I liked him looking at me. I moved my feet apart and moved my hips forward so more of my pussy showed to him.
"You know, Sabine, I could just take those clothes and leave you here."
I shivered again. I knew he could, but thought he wouldn't.
"I know. Do you ever want to?"
"Yeah, sometimes I do. Leave you bare ass somewhere. Take your clothes away from you. But Thursday is coming and you're going to do it on stage for a lot more than just me. Or my room mate. How many guys have seen you bare ass since school started Sabine?"
"I think it's 23."
"God you're a slut, Sabine."
"I know. But I don't know if want to do the contest, Jack."
"I know, but I want you to do it. So you will."
"I know that too."
"So Thursday it is. You are going to be getting naked on stage in front of a room full of people, Sabine. There is going to be guys sitting right at the edge of the stage and you are expected to get down on the stage and spread your legs for them. Going to turn you on?"
"God, yes."
And on the way back here, I am going to make you get naked in the car. Take off all your clothes for me and show me your tits and cunt again. Then I think that I'll fuck you in the parking lot. Stick my cock up your cunt and cum inside you. Want that to happen?"
"Yes, I want it to happen now, Jack. I want your hard cock inside me."
"Not now Sabine, but come closer. I want to feel your tits and cunt again."
I stepped up to Jack and took one of his hands and put it on my left tit. I took the other, moved my feet apart and put his hand between my legs. I stood there like a cow, letting him feel me. Felt his finger go up inside me. His thumb rubbing over my hard nipple.
He did that for a while and then let go of me. Smirked at me.
"You are easy, Sabine. You get naked because I tell you to. You let me feel you because I want to. You spread your legs so I can look at your cunt. Your nipples are hard all the time. Get dressed and lets go eat."
I got dressed, after having to press against Jack to reach my top and skirt. I put the top on first so my pussy stayed bare longer. And I left it up so my tits were still showing while I pulled on my skirt. When I had the skirt done up, then and only then did I cover my tits.
Getting nude for Jack was such a turn on for me.
We went out of the men's room and Jack bought breakfast for us. He led me to a table in the corner. Smirked at me.
"Lift up your skirt in the back and sit on your bare ass Sabine."
I did, feeling the fabric of the chair seat on my bare skin, shivering. Jack ate faster than me and when he finished and I was still eating he pulled my skirt up in the front so he could see that I had no panties on. The table hid me from the room, but not from him. He put one arm around me, under the top and cupped my right tit, thumb rubbing over my nipple, while I finished eating.
"Time for class, Sabine. I'll see you later. I have your class schedule. I know where you will be all day long. Think your clothes are staying on for the day?"
I shivered and knew that they weren't. I just didn't know when they would be coming off next. Or, for that matter, where.
I found out two hours later, when I left the religion building after my religion class. Jack was waiting for me. Without a word he led me back into the building. There are main stairs going up four floors. There are also two side and rear staircases. He took me to one of them and led me up to the third floor landing. Stopped us.
"Take your clothes off Sabine."
Very matter of fact. Comb your hair. Brush your teeth. Take off your clothes.
It was close to noon. Daytime. People all over campus. Students, instructors, professors, security, administrators. And me. Getting naked, again.
Oh I could have said no. But I didn't want to say no. Doing what Jack told me, excited me. It was somewhat perverse. Somewhat stupid. At this time, in this place, very risky. But I did it. Slipped my shoes off first, to a chuckle. Undid my skirt and let it slide down to my ankles, stepping out of it. Lifting my top over my head. Dropping it on my discarded skirt.
Totally, completely naked.
"I like you bare ass Sabine."
"I know you do. You like to see me."
"Yes, but do you know what I like better?"
"I'm not sure."
Jack folded my skirt and top up, laid them on a stair, shoes on top of them. Walked up and cupped both of my tits, looking into my eyes. Thumbs rubbing over already erect nipples. My mouth opening, a deep breath, almost a gasp.
"I like seeing you walk away from your clothes, Sabine. Why don't you do that now."
Jack pointed up the stairs towards the fourth floor. He let go of my tits and I turned, began to walk up the stairs and felt his hands on my bare ass, fondling it, feeling it, squeezing it. My eyes closed and I had to force myself to keep walking up. I wanted to stop and feel his hands all over me. He wanted me to leave my clothes, no way to cover up. An almost sure chance to be caught. Not 100 per cent. But very close at this time of day.
As I walked up the stairs naked, Jack was talking to me. Making me feel ashamed, embarrassed, humiliated, scared.
"Sabine, what do you think someone would do if they found your clothes where I left them? Walk away with them? Just leave them there? Come looking for the dumb bitch? Hope to catch her in her underwear, but they don't know she's bare ass, do they. Speaking of bare ass, you've got a fat ass Sabine. A really fat ass. And when you step up I can see your cunt between your legs. What do you think your Mom would think of you if she saw you right now? Your Dad? Would they disown you? I know they would be awfully disappointed in you. Their little innocent girl trotting around naked. Stop and bend over so I can see your asshole."
I shuddered, but I did it, stopped and bent over so Jack could look right between my legs.
"God damn Sabine, you are such a slut! Did you know that your cunt is all puffy and red? No? Well it is. And the lips are starting to pull apart, Sabine. Not much longer and I'll be able to see right up inside you. Right up your fuck hole."
God I was feeling so humiliated listening to him. I got naked for no good reason, just because he told me to. I bent over because he told me to. I am walking away from my clothes because he told me to. I am so stupid!
"I like watching your ass jiggle and roll Sabine. And there is a lot of it to jiggle and roll girl."
Damn it my ass is not that big!
"OK up to the top and then find a classroom with a teacher's desk."
God my stomach just clenched, but there were not many classes that used the fourth floor. I just hoped that there were none right now. I opened to door from the landing and peeked out. No one in the hall. I hurried out and went to the first classroom and entered, Jack following.
"Plop your ass up on the desk and spread your legs Sabine."
I did and Jack walked up between them and unzipped. He pulled out his cock, it was hard. I had to stare at it. It looked angry, red, thick, long.
He got close to me and put the tip right in my hole.
"I'm going to put it in Sabine, but not fuck you, just soak it a bit."
And he pushed it inside me. I watched it disappear inside me. Disappear until his jeans were pressed right to my belly. I moaned. I was on my elbows, spread wide, naked, his cock buried inside me.
I twitched.
"Uhuh, Sabine, no moving. I'm just soaking it. Getting some of that girl slime on it. Bet you like how it feels though. Right?"
I whimpered as I kept myself from moving.
"Yes."
"Yes what?"
"Yes, I like your cock in me."
"I like my cock in you, too. You're so fucking wet, I don't even have to play with you to get you ready. You're ready before I get my cock out. And for a surprise, you are really tight, Sabine. Your cunt clamps down on my dick."
I moaned again.
"Jack, pump me a bit, please."
"Nope, you don't need that right now. You think that you do, but you don't. This is just for me, feeling that hot, wet cunt wrapped around my stiff cock. You have no idea how good that feels, Sabine."
"Jack, this isn't fair!"
"So? Ask me if I care."
"Just a couple of times, Jack, let me feel you pumping me."
Ah God, I felt Jack pulling it back out. I was praying that he would shove it back inside me. He pulled it out until just the tip was inside me. I gripped his arms. Looked him in the eyes...
"Push it in, Jack, push it back in..."
Jack grinned and slid his cock back inside me, right up to the end.
"Feel good Sabine? Like my cock sliding in and out?"
"God, Jack, fuck me, please fuck me. You can cum inside me again..."
"Sabine, if I want to dump a load in you, I will. I'll give you one more pump, then it's coming out."
And he did what he told me, a slow pulling back, then a thrust into me, then a slow pulling back and he was out of my pussy. Still hard as hell, glistening with my fluids.
"I can't put it away, Sabine. It's got to go down, and won't until I cum. Want to suck it for me?"
I looked at him, then his stiff cock...
Then I slid off the desk and knelt. I grasped his cock and opened my mouth and put it inside. Then I began to lick and suck him. I was a fool, I was naked in a classroom building, in a classroom, sucking a guy's cock. I didn't even like having a guy's cock in my mouth. But here I was sucking away and before long, Jack gripped the sides of my head, held me still and then he shot off in my mouth. I started choking and gagging, he came a lot. He held me still until he finished. Then he slowly pulled it out of my mouth, pushed up on my chin until my mouth closed. He smirked down at me.
"No spitting Sabine. Swallow."
And I did, gagging as it went down. There was not a bit on my face, it all was in my mouth. I made a face.
"That wasn't nice Jack."
"You didn't have to swallow. I just told you to and you did, you made the choice, Sabine."
He was right, but still.
"Besides, you got the girl slime off my dick. I appreciate that, Sabine."
I licked my lips and stood up. I was still tingling between my legs from having him in me.
"Fuck me later? You can cum in me."
"Maybe. But only if you're bare ass again. Let's go, you've got a history class coming up."
Fuck, he knew every thing about my day. I followed him out, so nonplussed I didn't even look to see if anyone was in the hallway. I followed Jack to the stairway door and down to the third floor, got dressed and let him lead me to the history building.
"See you later. Do you know if they have classes on the top floor?"
Another grin as he said that. I could picture me stripping in the stair well again, in front of him. I wanted to do it too.
For the remainder of the day I was in a constant state of suspense, wondering when Jack was going to appear and take me somewhere and tell me to strip in front of him. It was tortuous. But I lived through it. Barely. I wanted to do more, really I did. Be outrageous, daring, foolish.
I came out of my last class of the day and there was Jack. I thought he was going to take me back into the history building, but he didn't. He took my hand and led me to the biology building, near to the field house, remember that?
It was late in the afternoon, all classes done. Jack led me into the frame building. There were alcoves in the hall, set backs where a person could go and be out of sight for almost everyone. I was already aroused. Jack backed me into one. I expected him to undress me, right there, at 5:30PM. He didn't. His hands went under my top and cupped my tits, thumbing my nipples again. Then one hand went up my skirt. I moved my feet apart, I wanted this so bad...
Jack's hand went between my legs and cupped my pussy. He didn't stick a finger in me, just held my pussy really firmly. Like he was trying to flatten out my mound. His other hand still fondling a tit. Enough touching that I almost would have done anything right then.
Jack stepped back...
"What do you want to do?"
I was almost breathless...
"How far to the next alcove?"
Jack looked.
"Maybe 50 feet."
I motioned him further back. I pulled my top over my head, folded it, handed it to him. Looked in his eyes. Undid my skirt, let it fall to the floor. Stepped out of it. Folded it. Handed it to him. Toed off my shoes, bent, picked them up and handed them to him. Bare ass, completely bare ass, in the biology building on campus.
Gave him a shy smile.
"See you at the next alcove. You go there first, Jack."
He grinned and looked me up and down. He had seen me like this so much, but it didn't seem like old hat to him. He still had that look of lust in his face, in his eyes.
Holding my clothes and shoes, he looked at me, smirked and walked off, leaving me bare ass naked. I waited a bit, giving him time to get there and stepped into the hallway. Oh God, no sign of him! I almost stumbled with my first step, but managed to keep going, walking nude down the hall way. Scared shitless now. I mean really scared. He had mentioned leaving me naked somewhere. If he did it now, I was fucked. I was going to get caught naked for sure.
I walked down the hall to the next alcove and to my relief Jack was standing in it. My clothes and shoes on the floor behind him, he was sideways in it. I stepped into it too. Jack unzipped his jeans and pulled out his cock. He just pointed to it, then to my mouth. I knelt and took him in. This was so stupid, nude in a classroom building, sucking cock. Especially at the time of day it was. There could be instructors, professors, janitors in the building. Maybe even students.
Jack let me suck him for a while, then pulled my head off of him. His cock was glistening with my saliva. I could taste pre-cum on my tongue. He managed to put it away, then handed me my top, then my shoes, then my skirt. I put them on, frustrated. I didn't want him to cum in my mouth again, but I did want cock.
Jack said nothing but took my hand and led me to his van. We got in. He looked at me, smirked and nodded. I stripped, everything off. He smiled. Then he drove off, to a restaurant.
He bought me a cheap dinner, made me lift my skirt up so I sat on my bare ass in the booth next to him.
Took me next to a woman's store and chose a knit dress for me. Checked and found a dressing room that wasn't off the store floor. Just a door to a small room, right off the displays. Motioned me into it. Said just one word...
"Strip."
I took everything off, with the door open, Jack watching me. Smiling. He handed me the knit dress. I put it on. It fit good, really good around my tits and hips. Really tight fitting. My nipples made bumps in the knit fabric. He had me turn. Chuckled.
"It almost folds into the crack of your ass Sabine."
He had me step out and look at myself in the mirrors. I could really see my nipples making bumps in the bodice. I turned and he was right, it almost went into my ass crack. You certainly knew that I had two ass cheeks in this dress!
I turned to face the mirrors and for the first time noticed that it had a scoop neckline and that it was so tight on me that it pushed my tits up and together, showing a large amount of skin and a crevice between my tits. I had never worn anything that showed this much in my entire life.
Jack leaned into my back...looking at me in the mirrors.
"This is your outfit for the contest on Thursday Sabine. This dress and a pair of heels. Nothing else. The dancers get three songs for each time on stage. So do the amateurs for the contest. I expect you to have the dress off by the end of the first song, Sabine. Then you can spend the rest of the songs spreading your legs for the guys around the stage. Sound like fun?"
I closed my eyes. Swallowed. My God, it did sound like fun. Except that I had absolutely no control over who was going to be seated at that stage, at who was going to see every bit of me.
"I talked to the manager. Usually the contestants do one set and they are done. But you get to do it in rotation with the real dancers Sabine. About every twenty minutes from 11 until 4AM. So my dear, you are going to be getting bare ass naked on stage over and over again for five hours. Not every minute, but at least three times an hour. So figure you are going to be stripping out of your dress for maybe 13 or 14 times. Spreading your legs. Because I want you to. And I have already mentioned your performance to some of the guys in some of your classes. Ones that can keep it quiet, but I bet others will find out. Not all of them can keep their mouths shut for two whole days. I imagine there will be quite a few guys who know you, who you know, that will be there. Maybe 50, maybe a 100. Your tits, ass and cunt are going to be really well known on campus by Friday morning Sabine. Really well known."
I shuddered in his arms.
He led me back to the dressing room, had me go in, turn to face him and with the door open...
"Strip it off."
I did, handed the dress to him, standing nude. Then he let me put my top and skirt and shoes back on.
Jack bought the dress. We left the store and the mall. We got in his van and he drove to a less busy place in the parking ramp, but still a lot of cars.
Jack parked, got out came to my side. Had me get out. He got in the passenger seat. Looked at me. Fished out his cock, it was hard.
"Take off your clothes Sabine. When I fuck you, you have to be naked."
I hurriedly stripped, so damn aroused, I wasn't sure how this would work, I only had missionary sex and that one time doggy. Jack got me over him and it dawned on me. He held his cock upright and I lowered myself onto it, moaning as it went up me.
I was in a parking ramp at a mall, naked and with a guy's stiff cock inside me. The van door was open. There were other cars no more than fifteen feet away. I didn't care.
Jack instructed me on how to move my ass so I was fucking him. And I did. Fuck him. God, it felt good. So good that I didn't care where I was. Didn't care that I was naked with the door open. Didn't care that someone could walk up and see me.
I leaned closer to Jack with my upper body and lifted a tit to him, rubbed it over his lips and he sucked it in. I kept grinding on him, feeling his stiff cock moving inside me, his lips and tongue on my tit and nipple. He let it go, looked at it, then at my face. My nipple was wet from saliva and oh so hard. He moved his head over and sucked my other nipple. My ass was moving faster.
Jack let my second nipple go and I looked at down at them, glistening with saliva, erect, bare.
I made him look at me...
"Do you like this, like me like this?"
"Sabine, you are cute, not beautiful, have nice tits and nipples, maybe a little fat ass, but a really tight cunt. I like being up your cunt. Like sucking your nipples. Really like you bare ass."
"I'm glad that you like all those things, Jack. Because I like getting naked for you. I like you inside me."
"Bare?"
"Yes."
"You know that I am going to cum in you, right?"
"Ummhmmm."
"Fill you full of cum."
"Ummhmmm."
"Taking the pill?"
"No."
"Fertile?"
"I don't know."
"Do you care right now?"
"No."
"What do you want?"
"Cum inside me."
My ass had moving, grinding on him all this time and Jack grasped my hips and drove up inside me hard, holding me down on him. I felt his cock jerking inside me, felt the spurts. Knew that he had cum inside me.
He let me stay there for a few moments, still mostly hard.
"Get off and out and clean me off."
I hurriedly got off of him, onto the pavement of the parking ramp and bent to suck him, lick him, get the cum and girl slime off his dick. Standing naked in the parking ramp, ass facing cars, not caring. Got him clean, watched him put it away, get out, walk around the van and get in, before I got in. My clothes in the foot well in front of me. Still naked.
I could have dressed, I don't think that Jack would have said anything. After all he had just had his cock inside me, had cum inside me, had sucked my nipples. I had sucked and licked his cock clean afterwards.
But, I rode back to campus naked, turned, left leg up, right leg down, spreadeagled, tits showing, pussy showing, my skirt under me to soak up cum that was oozing out of me. Letting Jack be able to see me naked all the way.
At the parking lot on campus he ordered me out of the van naked. Which I did, leaving my clothes and shoes on the floor in the front. I stood there naked, in the lights at the parking lot, while Jack walked around. He handed me my shoes first. Then my top, which I put on but left above my tits, then my skirt. Once that was on and fastened I lowered my top all the way and we walked to my dorm. I left him and went in, showered, cleaning myself off and as much inside me as I could. Then went to bed, naked.
The next day, Wednesday, three times he met me and took me into stairwells, had me strip naked. So I would be in a risky place without clothes, so he could see me naked. He felt my tits and pussy each time. Arousing me throughout the day. Then after eating with me at the cafeteria on campus we went for a drive.
Jack pulled off onto a small track leading into woods, parked and turned to look at me.
"What do you want to do Sabine?"
"Do you want me naked?"
"I always want you naked, Sabine."
I took off all my clothes, even my shoes.
Jack chuckled.
Then he ordered me to get out, which I did. You could see the road behind me, the track into the woods ahead. Jack had me walk into the woods, along the track. I don't have any idea how far, just that every step took me further away from my clothes. We had to be out there for 30 minutes with me naked before Jack stopped me, put my hands on a tree, pulled my hips back so I was bent over and slipped it into me. I gasped, I couldn't see him, he was behind me.
"Damn, you're wet!"
I just groaned, feeling his hard cock inside me. He felt oh so very hard. And yes, I was wet, I started getting wet when I knew he wanted my clothes off. It got more wet as I walked along the track. I had no real idea where we where, if people were close by, anything. And then Jack was inside me, hands grasping my hips and thrusting in and out of me.
"Did you know that I can see your ass hole above my cock splitting your cunt open?"
I shuddered hearing that. It was humiliating, but I loved it.
"Did you know that your inner lips roll out when I pull back and then disappear when I push back in?"
"Did you know that your fat ass jiggles when my hips hit it?"
"I know your tits are slapping together, Sabine. I wish I could see that. He knew from the day that I did him, Robert and David one after the other. He watched my face and my tits slapping together while I licked him clean in the clearing and one of the other guys was doing me. Because he liked it, I wanted him to be able to see it too.
"Do I have a condom on?"
"No."
"What's going to happen?"
"You're going to cum in me."
"Does that make you hot?"
"Yes, yes, it does."
It was hot talking about this while he was pumping me, and I was naked outside, a long way away from any clothes. And for a strange thing, Jack was lasting longer than he ever had before. He kept pumping in and out of me, my tits slapping together as he did, bent over, naked, outside. I had a tremendous orgasm. Uncontrollable spasms. Jerking under him. Pussy clenching on him while he kept pumping me.
Jack finally had his orgasm and it set me off again, clenching on him as he spurted inside me. I almost collapsed on the ground when he pulled out of me. He came a lot, sperm was running out of me. Dripping down, hitting my legs, trickling down them afterwards. Of course he had to say something...
"Sabine, your cunt is just oozing cum. The hole is still open. I can see a big clot of cum right in your hole. If we keep doing this, you're going to get pregnant. You know that right? Going to end up with the big belly. Bigger tits, full of milk. Then I can squeeze them and watch milk squirt out of you. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"
I was still trembling, listening to him and all I could do was moan. It was so arousing to be talked to like that. So damn nasty too. I loved it.
When I calmed down, he had me clean him off again. I hadn't liked sucking at the beginning, but now it wasn't all that bad. Maybe the taste of myself along with the taste of cum was good for me. When he was clean, he put it away and we walked back to the car. I used my top to wipe myself off while Jack watched and then I got in the van naked. Rode naked back to campus. I was at the point now that I didn't like to wear clothes around Jack. I wanted him to see me.
It was almost dark when we got back and he parked. He made me get out of the van naked and wait until he came around and handed me my clothes to get dressed. Shoes first of course. Then top, then skirt. He walked me to my dorm and left me to go in. I slept naked.
On Thursday, no impromtu stripping times, but he had me skip my afternoon classes, smuggled me into his dorm room and I was on the study table, bare ass, legs spread wide with Jack shaving me again when his room mate came in. Of course he pulled up a chair to one side of Jack and watched him shave me. My pubic hair was so light and sparse it didn't take long to do it. But God it was arousing, even more so when Jack's room mate was sitting and watching it all. Jack even had me turn over and spread my legs, then pull my cheeks apart to check my ass crack for stray hairs. To my surprise, he let his room mate shave my ass crack. That was tremendously arousing for me. A strange guy, even if one who had seen most of me before, fiddling about in my ass crack, while I held it apart for him.
We ate in the cafeteria and Jack didn't make me do anything before we left for the club. He just reminded me that he had told several guys about me, what I was going to do. My stomach was in knots by the time he walked me to my dorm and I went in to put on the knit dress and heels. I didn't have the tall heels, just somewhat nice low heels, enough to show off my calves to advantage.
I have muscular legs, I was a track athlete in high school and still did some running. I have good legs, a little bigger than I would like ass, nice, good sized tits, a pussy that when not aroused is just a seam. When aroused it gets puffy and red.
We got to the club and I had to fill out a release form to enter the contest. The form was to ensure that none of the amateurs ever could sue the club. I was getting more nervous as time went on. We were sitting off in a corner near to the door to the dressing rooms and the stage entry. There was a main stage on the main floor and a secondary one on the second floor. Jack had talked to manager and after my first dance, to three songs, I would move up to the second floor and Jack told me that I would be stripping almost continuously for the rest of the night. He said that I would strip, spread, finish the three songs, get off the stage, put on my dress backstage, come out, and as soon as the dancer finished on the upstairs stage, I would go back on.
So I would probably be stripping three times an hour, from perhaps midnight to 4AM, which was closing time. I watched for guys I knew or had seen but the crowd was pretty big so I wasn't sure of anyone. I think if I would have seen a lot of guys I knew, that I would try to back out. I still wasn't sure about doing this.
When it got close to the contest, Jack was allowed to take me back stage. He told me the rules for me. Dress off in the first song, heels off or on, my choice, spread from one end of the "U" to the other, then if any time for me was left, work my way back to where I had begun.
I was third of four girls in the contest, so the guys out there knew exactly what was going to happen with me, when I walked out on stage.
When my turn came, I came through the doors at the back of the stage, glanced to my left and the first two chairs were guys from my religion class. One sat next to me, the other behind me in class. My stomach fell to my feet and my eyes moved down, the next four chairs were guys that I thought were familiar, then three from my biology class. The rest were just guys, I thought, maybe not from school, I just didn't know.
I tried to strut around the "U", swinging my hips, trying to ignore the guys that I knew for sure. I hit the other end of the "U" and moved to the middle of the back of the stage. As nervous as I was, as ashamed as I was going to be in a few seconds, I was getting turned on. All this as my face got red and hot, a tingling in both my nipples and my pussy.
I stood still and slipped the straps of my dress off my shoulders, swaying my hips back and forth, then tugged it down, so my tits popped out. My nipples were erect, really erect. I hooked my thumbs in the dress and pushed and pulled it down, past my hips, down my legs and stepped out of it, kicking it back to the back of the stage.
Then I moved to the first chair, the religion class guys, side by side. I put my hands behind my head and pumped my hips back and forth. Then I slowly sat down on my ass, I couldn't look at them, and then let my knees fall open. It was horrible, doing that, but also arousing. My pussy and nipples almost felt like there was a heartbeat in them. I lifted my ass up and was on my elbows and feet, legs open, pussy and the globes of my ass filling their sight, my tits lolling to either side of my chest. And then I pumped my ass up and down, all the while keeping my knees apart. I looked at them then, but they were not making eye contact with me, they were making pussy contact. My bare, freshly shaved, pussy.
I held myself like that, then rolled over to my hands and knees, lowered my face to the stage and spread my knees far apart, knowing that my pussy and asshole would show, because Jack had told me before that they did in this position.
I moved perhaps two feet and held the pose on hands and knees, then rolled over and spread my legs wide with my ass on the stage. Looked at the second religion guy and he wasn't looking at my face either. Fuck, I was blushing like crazy, my face was burning hot, and I was really aroused.
I moved to each guy, spreading, on my back, on my knees, moving around the stage, trying to get to the end of the chairs before my three songs were done. Showing everything that I had to each guy seated at the stage. There were guys behind them at tables, not as close but still able to see me, see my tits, pussy and ass. Me with just low heels on.
I managed to make it to the last chair on the opposite side of the "U" before the music stopped and I made sure to spread even though the music had stopped on the third song.
I noticed that there were several dollar bills on the stage. I didn't know for sure what that was about, but I walked around, naked, bending over and picking them up, finished back where I started, still nude, picked up my dress and got off the stage. Jack met me and had me put the dress back on, took the money, perhaps 10 dollars total.
He led me out and up the stairs to the second floor and we sat down at a small table. There were more guys that I recognized upstairs, my blushing had not gone away. More guys that I either knew from class or from seeing on campus came upstairs.
Jack got everyone's attention and had them organize into taking turns at the smaller stage on the second floor. The girl on stage finished her songs and picked up her clothes and stepped off the stage, Jack patted my ass and pointed to the stage and up I went.
I tried not to think about who these guys were, just ignore them, get naked, spread my legs around the stage, let them see me, all of me, three songs worth, step off the stage holding my dress, slip it on, sit down. Kind of watch the next girl do her three songs, go back on stage and do it all over again, to a new set of guys.
I never found out if I won the basic contest, I guess I didn't. The prize was $100 and an offer to dance at the club five days a week. I could have used the money, but I sure didn't want the job offer.
Although by another hour, stripping three more times, seeing guys that I had seen on campus sitting around the stage upstairs my poor pussy was swollen, red and throbbing. My lips were slightly open. My nipples had never gone down, they were still erect, throbbing too.
Around 3AM, Jack let me know that he had counted 77 guys from school who had seen me bare ass naked and spreadeagled on stage.
I did it three more times before 4AM and then put my dress on for the last time and we left.
In Jack's van, he started it, looked at me and grinned.
"We'll do this again next week. I'm sure we can get some different guys from school every week. I want to get you up over at least two hundred, Sabine. Enough so that every where you go on campus at least one guy you see, every place you go will have seen you bare ass. And speaking of bare ass, why don't you take off that dress."
And I did. Shoes too. I wanted to be completely nude for Jack. Turned my body to face him, legs spread so my pussy was exposed. Like always for him, naked and exposed.