Dear reader, the below story is a slightly embellished true tale. The people on the beach were real, all of the nudity was real, however we did not have quite as much verbal interaction with them as in the story below. We did meet them at the club later on in the night by chance, but the embellishment of the true tale has certainly entered our fantasy realms in bed...
My wife Ellie and I had finally been able to get a babysitter for the weekend. We had both discussed over the years how much fun it would be to go to either a nude beach or nudist resort for a weekend away. Since we had children, holidays were always great family time, but since they were born, we really hadn't had that important short bit of 'parent time' away to freely enjoy each other except after they had gone to sleep. Even then we had to lock the door in case the kids woke up before we finished our romantic time.
Neither of us had ever been to a nude beach before and we decided it was now or never. We googled away and booked some accommodation near a 'clothing optional' around 3 hours away.
The Friday afternoon drive down there was nice. Ellie had worn a black singlet with a pink bra underneath, so my occasional glances away from the road at her filled the weekend with promise. When we arrived at our destination, the accommodation was a very pleasant house with a comfy bed, but let's fast forward past any further description of that and get to the main story...
We woke late on Saturday morning after a well-deserved sleep in. After breakfast we decided to do a bit of sightseeing then seek out the beach later in the day. We drove into the national park, and it was quite a scenic drive. I knew the desired beach was located somewhere in the national park, but the description I had read was quite vague. As we drove around there was no evident signage to point us to the naturist beach. Being a stubborn male, the closest thing i would do to asking for directions was try to use a map on my phone, and even if I wasn't so stubborn, who would I ask anyway. As the area was a bit remote neither of us had phone service, so I couldn't even look it up on google.
We pulled up at a small parking lot near a beach and agreed to go down there, figuring we had little chance of finding the clothes optional beach, and there was even a possibility that this was actually it.
When we got to the beach it was pretty quiet, there were only a few groups of people around and no kids in sight. The sand was fine and very pale, it was a lovely beach, and the waves were quite gentle. There were 2 separate older couples, maybe late 50s, early 60s. One of the women was laying front down with her bikini top on the towel next to her to get a strapless top tan. There were 2 younger guys with what looked to be their girlfriends in the water, and a group of 4 guys just coming out of the water from their swim.
We set up our towels and Ellie said she wasn't sure about going naked as there was no one else naked on the beach. I reminded her that the other lady was topless, but she was still a bit hesitant. She had worn bra and panties under her dress and had not thought of bringing swimmers.
I asked Ellie if she wanted to go for a dip in our underwear. She said "no, I'll just go in in my dress. With that she stood up and pulled her signature undressing move. Panties were of course easy to take off, and as I glanced around, a few of our fellow beachgoers had looked over at an opportune time. She knew she was being watched so threw the non-descript black panties to me. I resisted the urge to be naughty and sniff them, and instead put them in the bag.
She then started to remove her bra from under the dress. I sat back to enjoy watching. She unclipped at the back. Then she slid the strap down over her arm and off over her hand. I didn't look around but I'm sure she was being watched after they all saw her drop her panties. Off with the other strap, then teasingly she pulled the bra out of her dress from the front of the neck. She waved it around at me pretending to ignore the audience, but the show was really for them, then she threw it to me. I missed the catch as the wind gusted, so I had to get up and pick it up and shake the sand off before putting it away.
I got the suntan lotion out and rubbed it into her legs, arms and shoulders, and she returned the favour. We decided to go for a swim, I was hoping she was going to nude up, but alas, as I thought, she decided to go in the water in her dress. I stripped down to my trunks as I didn't have swimmers either, and we walked down to the water. It was a bit fresh when we first walked in, but we waded out to where it was deep enough to dive under the shallow waves and after the initial sudden chill, we were accustomed to the temperature quite soon. Ellies dress clung to her curves and the water had made her nipples nice and hard. I made a mental note to myself that i needed to get her to wear her white dress next time. That would have been a real treat.
We splashed around for a while, and I picked her up in the water. She wrapped her legs around me and whispered that she wished we could fuck. I started to get hard, but when I reached to pull my trunks down, she told me not yet.
We got out of the water after 20 minutes or so and ate some fruit which she had packed for the day. Then Ellie asked me "do you think this is actually the right beach?"
"Honestly, I don't know, but I'd love to see you go for a nude swim or sunbake topless" I replied. "Maybe you should pop your panties back on and go for a topless swim?"
"No, but I am getting hot again and I need to pee, I might go back in. You can watch me for a little while if you like, I know you love watching me" she replied with a wink. It was true. Ellie is a big beautiful woman and her curves are mesmerising whether clothed or undressed. I love watching her do most things, be it walk, dance, jog or Zumba. Hell, I even love watching her cooking. When she is in a cheeky or teasing mood, she often gives me little unexpected surprises, so I stayed put as she suggested.
With that up she got and walked back to the water. Her dress had dried quickly for the most part in the sun so no longer clung to her body apart from the crevice of her cute chubby butt. I started filming her as she walked to the water with an inkling that I might later get a cute screenshot or 2 of her jumping around in the water.
She walked into the water pulling the dress out of her ass crack and turned around to face back at me. Without warning she bent down and grabbed the hem of the dress from around her ankles and proceeded to lift it up, and up, and up. past her thighs, up over her hips, and up to her shoulders, giving myself and anyone else that was looking a full frontal nude flash of her beautiful curvy body. She wiggled her hips, and her tits quickly then dropped it back down after a few seconds and walked deeper into the water. I saw her pause still waist deep in the waves for half a minute or so as if contemplating going out further and I knew she had relieved herself in the ocean.
I put my phone down and went back into the water to join her. I told her that was so hot seeing her flash and that I hadn't expected it. I asked if anyone else was watching and she said slightly embarrassed that of course they were. I wanted to fuck her right there and then, but we were both a bit shy for that. we hugged and splashed about a bit. I decided to encourage her to remove her dress. I waited until she was facing away from me, and I quickly reached down and stripped my trunks off. When she turned back to me, I said, "I've got something for you". Under the water I put my shorts into her hand. When she realised what I had done she said, "Oh you're so naughty" and reached forward to grab my cock under the water. She reached further to my balls and gave them a good jiggle and squeeze. She read my mind well as she said, "you want me to take my dress off too don't you!" I raised my eyebrows and smiled. She replied to my gesture "Yeah I thought so. Ok, but this is a bit embarrassing." She handed me back my trunks and walked back toward the shore a bit.
I noticed the older couple, not the topless one, were walking down toward the water. The topless lady and her man were now laying on their backs. A few of the others had left, and a few other couples had arrived.
The dress was a thin material, but as it was wet and clinging to her body, it took a while to struggle out of. Ellie actually had to walk to where it was a bit shallower, waist height to be able to comfortably take it off. I had the back view as she finally managed to lift the dress up over her arms and neck, but the older couple must have had a great view. I saw them both smile as she became naked and was actually surprised that she didn't turn her back to the beach while she took it off. She scrunched the dress up into a ball and came back toward me where it was a bit deeper.
"Oh my god that was so fun," she said to me, beaming with a smile between laughing. "What am I going to do with this though?" holding her dress out toward me.
My trunks were easy enough to hold while we splashed about, but the ankle length dress was going to be annoying to hold in the water. "Do you want me to pop my shorts back on and put your dress near our towels?"
"Yes please." She thought for a second. "Will you get it when we get out of the water, or do I have to walk back naked?"
"Thats up to you my dear."
She handed me the dress toward me, and I said "wait a sec" as I started to put my shorts back on. It was a bit difficult as they are quite tight at the best of times, but with them wet in the salt water it turned out to be a challenge. I pondered how she was ever going to get her dress back on. As if she had read my mind while she watched me struggle, she said "oh shit, it's going to be fun for me putting this back on before i get out of the water!"
I left her naked in the water and passed the older couple ankle deep as I took her dress in. The man said g'day and the lady smiled g'day. I replied g'day to them both. The man said "nice day for it" with a cheeky grin, obviously quite aware that my wife was out there as naked as the day. They waded in as I walked out onto the sand and dropped the dress on the sand so as not to wet the towels. I sat myself down for a rest and a smoke and watched Ellie frolicking in the water, the couple now about 10 metres away from her, giving her space but also intruding a little on her naked comfort. Most of the time she had her boobs below the waterline, but every now and then she would stand up revealing them. I gave her a wave when she was looking my way and she waved back. She also decided to flaunt the moment as she manoeuvred herself to lay floating on her back for half a minute in the gentle waves, her belly and breasts bared to all who happened to be looking at the time. I noticed the couple who were in the water. The lady was looking in Ellies direction, and she said something to her man which caused him to turn around with that cheeky grin on his face and also look at Ellie bobbing in the swell. I bet he got a bit of a swell in his pants. As I walked back toward the water Ellie rolled over and disappeared for a dip under the water. The couple embraced in the water, and it looked like he had picked her up with her legs around him as she was raised a bit above him.
I waded back out to where Ellie was, she had come in toward shore a little to meet me and now seemed comfortable not to need to hide her tits under the waterline. We embraced and kissed, and I felt her hands on my waist, starting to pull my shorts down. Off they came again, and she decided to waddle off with them through the waist high water. I glanced back to shore and most of the people who weren't in the water seemed to be looking our way. I gave her a little head start so it was a longer chase, then waddled and swam after her as she made a game of it, waving my shorts in the air for everyone to see. I am sure they were too busy watching her C/D cups bounce around to look at my shorts, but if I had been on the shore I would have been watching our escapades too. I caught her after a minute or so and rumbled with her until we fell in the water. Luckily, she had a good grip on my shorts as they were my favourite pair.
Ellie suggested we go back to the beach, so I slipped my shorts back on, yes that same struggle again. We started our way in. I wasn't sure if Ellie had forgotten that she was undressed, didn't care, or had been enjoying flashing so much that she wanted to parade naked in front of our fellow beachgoers, but she didn't say a word, she just kept moving toward the shore. As the water got shallower obviously more of her was visible with each step. Her belly, then her hips, then her pussy, yes, her naked pussy on display walking toward a bunch of strangers. My cock stirred in my pants knowing that now everyone was getting a great view.
The direct line to our gear bought us within a few metres of the older couple who were now in the shallow water close to where the waves lapped the sand, laying down propped on their elbows. The man said g'day again and asked us if we had finished for the day as his wife again just smiled. "Might get time for one more swim." I replied not really knowing what to say.
We walked out of the water hand in hand. Ellie was gripping my hand quite tight which I could understand, nerves, excitement, shyness all pumping through her veins. The realisation for her had set in that she was now out of the water totally exposing every sensual curve of her cuddly dripping wet body to the 12 or 15 other people still sharing the beach with us. I squeezed her hand back and walked proudly with her. I was wishing I could be on the towel videoing her walking out of the water to our towels, her curvy belly, thick thighs and lovely breasts jiggling cutely, shimmering as the water beaded and rolled down her skin. However, I was glad I was with her holding her hand, because as exhilarating as the experience was for her, she was also terribly embarrassed. "Go baby, time to strut your stuff" I said to her as we began to walk off the wet sand onto the dry. I felt a bit more of a skip in her step, I glanced at her and now she was indeed strutting now, flaunting it for all it was worth.
We got back to our towels, and I picked up her dress as she sat on the towel. I moved to where the wind wasn't going to blow sand on Ellie or anyone else and gave it a good shake. I bought it back to Ellie, it was still a bit damp in some spots. I expected her to put it straight in, but when I offered it to her, she said she wanted to lay in the sun for a little while first. It had been a while since we applied sunscreen, so I had a great excuse to give her a massage. I asked her to roll onto her belly. In doing so, she was looking directly at the older lady and man that had remained on the beach.
The topless lady sat up, lifted her sunnies, and looked Ellie in the eye. She made a heart shape with her thumbs and index fingers, then her man echoed her sentiment with a slight nod of his head to me.
I massaged the lotion into her sensuously, starting at her shoulders, working my way down the curves of her back to her chubby bottom. By the time I got to massaging her glutes she was almost asleep. I always dig in a bit harder there as it does get tense, and by the time I was at the bottom of her cheeks she was asleep. I continued all the way down to her feet and toes which got the usual extra attention minus the mouth. My reward other than getting to massage my naked wife on a public beach was low moans of enjoyment, even after she had fallen asleep.
I popped a hat over Ellies head and sat down next to her on my towel and watched the waves gently rolling in and out. The couple who were in the water finally came out and dried themselves off. The lady slipped a white t-shirt on over her black one-piece so you could still see the bottom of the swimmers and the outline of the top under the now slightly damp shirt, her nipples making a prominent appearance through both layers of material. They packed up their towels and their bag of goodies and started walking toward the path to the carpark. However, they did not take a direct line. Hand in hand they made a dogleg toward us. The man said, "see ya later" and the lady smiled again as they passed us by, both looking at Ellies delicious curves as they passed us by. Ellie stirred from her slumber and rolled her upper torso to the side exposing her boob while still half asleep. I thought they were going to stop and chat, however they kept walking by.
A few moments later I could hear them talking, I turned and saw they were talking to the other couple, and I had turned just in time to see the other lady putting her t-shirt over her nicely tanned boobs as they spoke. They seemed to chat like they were long term friends. I glanced at Ellie and saw she was fixated on the lady getting dressed. I laid down next to Ellie, facing the group. They hugged and the pair who were in the water earlier headed off up to the path that would take them to the carpark. A few other groups were starting to leave as well as it was now late afternoon. A short while later the previously topless lady walked down to us.
"Hi" she said. We greeted her back. Her nipples were poking thru the fabric of her shirt, small but erect. She said "I'm really sorry to intrude on your privacy, but I really wanted to come and say hello. We've enjoyed watching you both today. We just wanted to let you know that there's actually a nude beach just around the head" She pointed to the rocky head at the south end of the beach. "We were heading there this morning, but I think I've sprained my ankle, so it was going to be a bit hard to walk around there today"
I didn't know what to say, but Ellie twigged to the conversation and responded. "We were actually looking for that beach, but there were no signs anywhere. This is my first time, umm, nude on a beach. I was a bit disappointed when we got here but seeing you with your top off this morning gave me the encouragement i needed. We didnt actually know if this was the right beach or not."
"You're not the first ones to not find the other beach, it's pretty secluded" she said as she gracefully repositioned her swimsuit from behind, pulling what must have been a wedgie out of her ass crack. "We haven't seen you here before, how long are you here?"
"Tomorrow and then we head home on Monday" Ellie replied.
"I think the weather isn't going to be so nice tomorrow afternoon, but if its good in the morning you should try the next beach, it's so lovely and there are hardly any people there" she advised.
I got a slap on the thigh from Ellie when I finally joined the conversation "I think she enjoyed having an audience today."
The lady nodded. "Yes, I'm sure she did. Rob and I certainly enjoyed the view from where we were. I won't tell you some of the comments I heard from my husband today." We all looked up the beach at him, he was out of earshot, but he seemed in tune with where the conversation was at.
Ellie asked, "are you local" and the lady replied that they were. "Is there anywhere you'd recommend for dinner?"
The lady beckoned her husband Rob and he got up and started walking toward us. She said "My names Jen by the way and this sexy man is my husband Rob." He walked to within conversation range and said "g'day"
I introduced us as Ellie and John. Ellie asked if they would mind if she sat up and of course they had no problem with it.
Jen asked Rob what he would recommend as a nice place to eat. Both couples explored the other couple with our eyes as he replied that the local club had a good chef and that they would likely have some live music on tonight. It was pretty hard (pardon the pun) to not notice a bulge forming in his shorts. I wondered if that was the first time today. Later Ellie told me she thought he had a great dad bod and thought he would have an enormous cock.
After some more small talk it came out that they were planning to go to the local sports club that night. They seemed like a lovely couple and were easy to have conversation with, even in Ellies naked state she seemed totally at ease with them. We agreed we would meet them there at 7pm and have dinner together.
They said they had to leave, so they walked back to their towels, got their goods and headed off. After a full day in the sun, and now with a double date ahead, Ellie and I decided to make a move as well. I asked Ellie if she would like to walk to the car naked. She hesitated, so I suggested it might be a fun way to end our day at the beach. She agreed, so I carried the towels and the bag as she walked jiggling her naked curves all the way to the car. At the car she said she was not going to drive home in the nude, so she slipped back into her dress, but left her bra and panties off.
I must say it was hard paying attention to the road while I drove with one hand on the wheel and the other arm resting on an angle on her thigh with fingers fondling her pussy up her dress. However, a nice orgasm for her from the build-up of the day and the exhiliration of having her clit tickled while we were driving, and we were back at our accommodation.
We showered together and had a quick doggystyle and standing fuck at the edge of the bed, then another quick shower before we got dressed to go out. We both wore jeans, Ellies looked amazing on her sexy big bottom. I wore a casual shirt, she opted for a nice button up top which gave an elegant view of her cleavage, not too much that it was in your face unless she leaned forward but offering a nice subtle view.
We drove to the club and signed in. We walked to the bistro, and there were Jen and Rob, sitting with the other older couple from the beach. They were engaged in hearty conversation and didn't see us enter the room.
We arrived at the table and were greeted with hugs handshakes, cheek kisses and an introduction to Dave and Mandy. They had a jug of beer and a bottle of wine on the table already and offered us a drink which we happily accepted. Dave and Mandy were just as easy to get along with as Jen and Rob. It was like we had known them forever and the general conversation flowed freely.
Ellie had the largest boobs on the table, and while Jen and Mandy had cuddly gran bod frames and some cleavage showing, all eyes were on Ellies boobs and cuddly BBW belly and butt though the night.
Through the conversation over dinner, we found out that the 4 had first met around 10 years ago at the same beach we were at today, then one day Jen and Rob happened to walk around the beach head and found Dave and Mandy sunbaking there naked. The friendship had really blossomed once they all started going there frequently. Dave told us we should leave the city and move down there so we could join them. As tempting as this was we have our kids in good schools at home, but we do often talk about retiring down there. Dave and Mandy told us how they were itching to come and chat with us at the beach but didn't want to intrude on us, and that they had enjoyed seeing Ellie frolicking about earlier in the day. On multiple occasions Dave advised us his 'wood would not go away all day'.
The band came on not too long after dinner and the 3 girls got up and danced together, a few younger guys came and tried to join them a few times much to the girls delight and amusement, but then after half an hour or so of watching them boogie and us gents chatting, I told the guys that we should go dance for a little while with our wives. We started with our own wives, and then somehow ended up all dancing with each other's partners thru the next half hour. At one stage I saw Daves hand on Ellies butt giving it a gentle rub, but other than that there were no shenanigans.
We went back to the table, and we bought another jug of beer and bottle of wine to share. We stayed a while and the conversation moved around to whether everyone wanted to go back to Rob and Jens house. The look I got from Ellie was not one of total confidence, so I thanked them for the offer but said we needed an early night.
It turned out I made a good move, as exciting as a swinging experience might have been, we had not discussed actually participating in one with any serious intent before, and later Ellie thanked me for not agreeing to go even though she was tingling with sexual energy.
The girls exchanged phone numbers and we left soon afterward. We had passionate sex that night, panting as we talked about what we would like to do with the other couples and what they were likely doing right at that moment with each other's husband and wife, and it opened the thought train of swinging to us.
The weather was not the best on Sunday, so we didn't get to visit the real nude beach. Instead, we just stayed at home and laid around naked most of the day indoors (although there was an interesting interlude which I have covered in another story (see holiday B in story 'Ellies balcony fun') We reminisced about the day before and all the people who saw Ellie. How funny it was that her first nude beach experience wasn't actually at a nude beach.
The girls every now and then send racy photos to each other, sometimes Jen will send selfie pics of the two of them or the 4 of them at the nude beach, and say you know where we are when you're ready.
It must be time for another holiday down that way sometime soon, and the next time we might say yes at the end of the night.