My eyes adjust in the dark as I glance over to the clock on the table, which reads 2:47 am. Before I can even process what I'm doing, my voice is whispering into the dark, "Daddy?" I know it's unrealistic to hope that was enough to wake him, but against my better judgment, I try one more time. "Daaaaddy?" I whisper slightly louder than before. No response yet again. I roll over to face my husband and am met with soft snores. He almost looks too cute for me to disturb, but the craving inside me is too much to ignore any longer. I reach out and slowly connect my hand to his chest, rubbing circles while calling again.
"Daaaaddy? I neeeeed you." Before the sentence leaves my mouth, his eyes are open and his hand is on my waist.
"What's wrong baby? What happened?" Concern fills his voice as his fingers rub into my hips.
"Daddy, I really want a spider. Can we make them? Pweaaase?"
He peaks his head around me to check the time. "Right now, Kitten? We can't wait until tomorrow?"
"Nooo, I need one now Daddy. I can't stop thinking about them, they're even in my dreeeams."
I hear him chuckle in the dark, "Baby, we don't have any ice cream. Or coke. How are we supposed to make spiders?"
The pout overtook my face immediately as I sunk into the pillow in defeat. "Okay, daddy," I muttered, the disappointment on my face is imminent.
"Well... you did finish all your chores early today. And you have been an especially good girl this week. I suppose we could probably go for a quick walk to get slushies and ice cream if you're really sure that's what you'd like Cutiecat." He offered, adding in my favorite nickname at the end.
"Yes please, sir!" I yelped, already hopping out of bed to run over to the wardrobe and change. I threw on a short skirt and cropped hoodie before sliding on a pair of shoes and carrying out a quick change of clothes for my husband to put on. I glance in the mirror to check yesterday's makeup, but it still looks neat enough to leave on for this trip, so I walk out of the wardrobe and back into the dark bedroom.
"No panties?" He asks as his hands run up my thighs, lightly brushing past my lips before continuing up along my body. "Or bra?" His left-hand stops, cupping the underpart of my right breast, while his right continues up to my neck, lightly gripping the back and pulling me to face him.
"No time, we gotta hurry daddy!" I kiss him on the lips before sliding the shirt over the top of his head. I lower onto my knees as I place his shorts open to step into, and lightly kiss his already hard cock as I pull the shorts up and rise back to my feet.
"You're such a tease my little kitty cat." He grabs my waist as I turn to retrieve a pair of his shoes and quickly pulls me back to face him before placing his lips on mine. His tongue is immediately pressed into my mouth, and I do nothing to fight as it explores my mouth and plays with my own. My hands find their way to his waistband and I'm met once again with his hard-on. I smile against his lips and begin lightly running my fingertips up and down his firm shaft. He moans into my mouth before pulling away. "At least wait until we're back home to tease me, kitten. You're making me a bit too excited to not play with you." I smile at how easily I find ways to tease him and turn once again to find his shoes.
After slipping a pair on his feet, we are out the door and on our way to the small 24-hour grocery store not far from our townhouse. The walk is only about five minutes, and I spend as much of the time teasing my husband as I possibly can. Rubbing against him, grinding at stop crosswalks, walking ahead and lifting my skirt to give him a show. Anything I could possibly think of to excite him, I was trying. By the time we walk into the store, his dick is rock hard and he's grabbing onto my arm to keep me from running too far ahead again. He guides me over to the ice cream aisle before pressing me up against the door of the freezer in front of us.
"Whyyy do you have to make everything so difficult, cutiecat?" He grumbles into my ear while his hands explore my now half-exposed bare ass. "There's no one else in this entire store. What's to stop me from punishing you for teasing me right here?" His hands quickly reach down for my lips and are firmly rubbing my already wet opening. I can't stop the moan that escapes my mouth, and his hand quickly snatches my own and presses it against my mouth. "You have to stay quiet pet, the worker can't hear you being punished or you'll get it worse once we're home."
I tighten my hand around my mouth as his fingers leave the top and rush to lower his waistband. His still solid member springs out from his pants and his tip is immediately pressed into me. "Fuck kitten. You're absolutely soaking. You're going to drip onto this floor." He groans into my ear. I clench my eyes shut, scrambling to focus on holding in my moans while my thoughts struggle to focus on the feeling between my legs. His left-hand reaches around and is rubbing circles on my clit, while his right is fixed firmly on my waist, lightly guiding my hips as he inches his tip along my entrance. "Do you want me to stop baby?" He whispers into my ear, but all I can muster is to shake my head before his cock is thrust fully inside of me. He hits right into my spot, and my knees almost buckle beneath me. His hand leaves my waist and extends across the front of my stomach to hold me up under him while he continues to pound into me from behind. Nothing I could do would possibly allow me to hold in my moans any longer, so I press both hands against my mouth and attempt to muffle the moans as much as possible. My legs are shaking below me but all I can truly focus on is the sensation building in my stomach as my husband continues to fuck me in public. If anyone else were to walk into this store they would for sure find us. I'm sure the store owner realistically knew what was going on, but my only concern was not wanting him to stop.
"Fuuuuuuuck kitten. Feeling you struggle under me right now is so fucking hot baby. You've got me so close to cumming already. Do you like daddy fucking you in the store?" He groans into my ear, almost too low for me to hear. I nod my head, and he lets out another deep, low moan. "You've got me so close, baby. You're going to make me cum in you if we're not careful. And I want your mouth." He states sternly. He thrusts in a few more times, before pulling out fully and slipping his cock back into his waistband. "Pick which ice cream we're getting and get outside so you can finish me." He orders before kissing me on the lips and tapping my ass with a wink.
We pay and leave, and as soon as the door to the store is closed his hand is on my ass and his fingers have slipped into my entrance. "Keep walking until the bench at the park and you can finish me there."
The walk to the bench only lasts about a minute, but all I can focus on is his fingers as they curl and uncurl inside of me. Once we reach the bench he places me on the grass in front of it and pulls his pants down to expose his hard 8 inches. He sits on the edge of the bench and grips the back of my neck tight with his hand before pushing his cock into my open and waiting mouth. He locks his eyes with mine as he slowly slides farther and farther until my mouth has engulfed his entire shaft, a long 'fuuuuck' exhaling from his mouth the entire time. He holds his dick in my throat until I gag, and that is his cue to begin. He starts thrusting in and out of my mouth, facefucking me while his moans begin to fill the night air. Throwing his head back, he rises to a stand and begins to thrust more hungrily, spit now beginning to string out of my mouth and onto my thighs below me. Every few thrusts, his cock is shoved back down my throat and I gag once again. Tears start to slowly fall from the gagging, and I wonder if my mascara from yesterday is running.
He lowers his head again and opens his eyes. "Kitten, you can't look up at me with those big eyes of yours this innocently while I fuck your face. Fuck you're so hot. You're going to make daddy cum down your throat."
I nod in response and move my hands from my lap to his shaft. I begin taking control of the blow job and am stroking his shaft with my hands while my tongue piercing swirls around his head. I can hear him moan above me, but my attention is fully on his erection. I continue sucking, spit continuing to string and bead in my hands while I grip and stroke. Within seconds his warm liquid is filling my mouth as he grabs handfuls of my hair to hold my head in place. "Fuuuuuuuuck kitten I'm cumming." He cries out as his cock continues to leak into my mouth. I swallow the mouthful, lick his shaft clean, and pull his pants back up before standing to face my husband. "See what happens when you tease me like that? I can't help myself with you, you're too sexy, kitten."
Satisfied with the fun I created, I quickly kiss him on the lips and continue in the direction of the 7Eleven. I grab his hand to keep him in tow, but he quickly separates them to wrap his arm around my waist and pull me tight. "Ready for slushies my big baby? You've definitely earned whatever you want." He chuckles with a kiss on my forehead.