This is the story of an older couple who shared building a business but ran into trouble with their relationship and are getting back together but in a more open manner.
In Part 2 Bob communicated to Angie the conditions to stay in the marriage and keep her share of the business.
Edited by WindySwimming
The first day of Angie's indentured servitude
Angie got up Saturday morning before Bob. She was apprehensive about what would happen next even though she certainly thought the sex was great. It was unusual that Bob had not already gone into work. Usually he got breakfast on the way to the office. She was still wearing what she wore to bed, a tee shirt and cotton panties.
"Good morning," Bob said as he entered. "It looks like you are fixing breakfast."
"Good morning sleepy head," Angie said. "I assume you would be hungry so I fixed us breakfast."
"Oh I am," Bob said. "That looks good. As my servant, you will curtsey saying Good Morning Lord Hall."
"Good Morning Lord Hall," Angie said with a deep curtsey. "Your breakfast will be ready shortly."
"We will also need to work on the dress code for my servant."
"Yes Lord Hall," Angie played along, "your servant is ready to please. What are the orders for the day? Are you going into the office?"
"No, we are going to prepare for our trip."
"Trip?"
As they were eating Bob informed her, "Remember that disastrous trip to Aruba?"
"Yes, Lord Hall."
"As I told you last night I had planned a romantic trip back to Aruba. But now it will be a surprise to you where we will go and what we will be doing. All you will know is we are going to an island and stay a few days. I now plan for this trip be something more than romantic and wipe away that disaster."
"How will I know what to pack?"
"I will pack the clothes you are to wear. The only outfit you will pick is the one you wear on the plane. You will need to pack cosmetics and other items, otherwise it will be done for you. We will go when you have passed all my tests and I think we are ready for what I have planned. What would you normally do today?"
"Normally I work out in the morning and probably do some house work. Then if you were in town I would fix you dinner."
"We will almost follow that agenda," Bob started. "Do you ever swim laps as exercise?"
"On rare occasions, but yes."
"I want you to keep up much of your normal routine; work out with Mark, do your Yoga classes, massage with Q and your tutoring. You do enjoy your tutoring, don't you?"
"I do very much enjoy tutoring," Angie stated. "It makes me feel useful."
"As I thought. I think we made a mistake by taking you away from the business. As we get closer to the payment of your debt, we can discuss that."
"That would be good. But what about today?"
"We will go to the roof top pool, swim laps, work on our tans and eat lunch. This afternoon, I have a personal shopper coming by. She will help with our wardrobes for the trip. Then tonight I will do my best to make up for the dinner I ruined months ago. I have reservations at Marshal's at seven. I would very much like for you to wear the dress you picked for that dinner. Have I ever seen it?"
"No, but it is very revealing," Angie said as biting her lip. "Don't you want to see it before we go? I don't want to embarrass you by showing too much."
"I want to be surprised. Anyway you will be wearing a more revealing wardrobe. Might as well start tonight. You know you need a name. What do you think an English servant girl would be called?"
"What about Penelope?" Angie said.
"I like it. So I call you Penelope when you are in the servant role. Tonight you will be Angie. Let's swim laps for today's exercise. As I will say over and over, I love your body now. You have never looked better and I don't want to do anything to interfere with your exercise routine."
"Laps are great," Angie answered. "I am an awful swimmer so it is embarrassing but I know it is great exercise. I can probably do only about twenty minutes."
Bob and Angie swim and get some sun in the nude
Angie and Bob got into their swimsuits. Angie had only a one-piece swimsuit which covered everything. It even had a skirt.
"New swimsuits are a must for both of us," Bob said. They wrapped towels around there bottoms, packed a bag with sunscreen, swim goggles, sun glasses and headed to the roof.
Bob dove in and started swimming. Angie marveled at how smoothly he swam. Even though Bob was approaching fifty, he was still hunky and very athletic. After last night she was now also seeing him as the sexy man she married. She stood there thinking,I have to do whatever it takes to make it work with Bob.
She started swimming but much slower than Bob. She was churning the water versus his glide. After about thirty minutes they decided it was enough.
After drying off and walking to the deck chairs Bob said, "Remove your suit Penelope we are going to sunbath in the nude."
"What?"
"Wrong answer," Bob said. "Now remove your suit and take your licks."
"Yes Lord Hall." She removed her suit as Bob did and bent over his lap. He gave her a swat on each cheek. As she sat up she asked, "Won't we get in trouble doing this?"
"The home owner association approved this area for nude sunbathing. Bart built a screen that can be used if anyone objects. Put sunscreen on my back and I will do yours."
As Angie rubbed him down she was impressed all over again how he was able to keep his body toned with all the hours he worked. Bob then rubbed her down. They both laid on their lounge chairs.
"So you got Bart to build the screen," Angie said as they looked at each other. "Can you tell me about that?"
"Oh he is a really good guy," Bob started. "I just told him what I wanted and what the association approved. By the way, I asked him to join us today. He said he might come and gawk but he did not want to sit in the sun. I told him he was welcomed to come gawk at me." Bob winked to Angie as he said this.
"Yeah right," Angie said smiling. "I know it could not be me."
Angie heard, "Hi guys." She immediately recognized Bart's voice. "I did decide to come and gawk. Bob you have a beautiful ass."
Bob sat up and laughed. "Hi Bart, thanks for the compliment." Angie grabbed for her towel to cover herself and realized how ridiculous this was.
"I just came by to see if the screens worked but I see you have not pulled them," Bart said.
Bob smiled saying, "We did not see any reason since no one else is around or complaining. But you can help us. Time for us to work on the front, Angie will put sunscreen on me and you can help Angie. Okay with you?"
"Fine by me, I would even do you but I think Angie would prefer that job."
As Bart watched, Angie rubbed Bob chest and stomach, legs and finished covering his groin with lotion. "I think my dick needs protection, rub it up." Angie splashed some lotion on his dick and stroked it up and down making sure the tip was covered.
Bart took the lotion from Bob and first did her arms and legs not getting close to her pussy. He rubbed her breasts and stomach. "Make sure her nipples are well covered," Bob instructed. Bart took additional lotion in his hands and spent plenty of time on her nipples. He then squirted lotion beneath her navel. He rubbed down to the top of her pussy.
Angie spread her legs saying, "Take care of my precious girl." Bob was staring to see what would happen. Angie was thinking he wanted Bart to screw her. Bart did not say anything but squirted lotion in his hand and massaged her fat moist pussy. He kneaded his lips like they were cookie dough. She had an orgasm causing her to close her eyes and tilt her head back.
"Mr and Mrs Hall, I need to get back to work," Bart said before Angie relaxed from her orgasm. "Have fun." Bart left.
Angie looked at Bob and his hard dick. "Lord Hall can I screw you. You look like you are ready."
"Penelope, you can't screw me but I will let you masturbate while Bart and I watch," Bob answered. Bart had gone through the roof door but had stayed and was watching through a small glass along the side. "I was surprised he didn't screw you," Bob said. "I know he wanted to."
"Maybe he is tired of me."
"No way," Bob said. "He wanted you badly. I think he was afraid of being fired. And maybe he thought you would give him a show."
"I didn't think of that," Angie said. "He really likes it here. And I like him to be here."
"I know this will surprise you but I am glad he is here also. He is a good guy and I think good for you. He really is a good friend to you and will be to me soon. Now Penelope put on a show for Bart and your lord."
Angie raised her back of her lounge chair to a 45-degree angle so Bob and Bart could see her big breasts. She took a little more lotion and slowly circled her large areola, then pinched her nipples to make them stand out. She had her eyes closed and began a low moan. She placed a hand under each breast, pulled up making her breasts look even larger. She rubbed up and down each orb which made her even hotter. She opened one eye just enough to see Bob start to glide his hand up and down his shaft while lying on his side so he could watch her.
Angie then put her feet on the lounge which opened her legs to Bart at the door. Her fat pussy lips opened to two distinct mounds of flesh with a slit between. She took lotion and squirted a glob on her stomach. She massaged her stomach down to her slit. She opened one eye enough to see that Bob was still enjoying the show and that he had picked up the pace of sliding his hand up and down his penis.
Angie took the index finger of each hand and rubbed up and down the side of her pussy lips. She then lightly stroked the clitoral hood with one hand while pinching her fat pussy lips between her fingers. She let her middle finger push back the hood and found her most pleasurable spot while still pinching the lips together. With the index finger of one hand stroking her clit she took two fingers and let them enter deeply into her vaginal canal. She then added a third and fourth finger. She raised her hips slightly to allow her hand to enter her gapping vagina. The idea of these two men watching her turned her on and she was having no problem giving herself orgasms.
She then remembered the empty water bottle and thought I am wet enough to take it. It was one of the small bottles. She picked it out of the bag with one hand without stopping the other hand from stroking the top of her pussy slit. As she took the bottle and positioned it to enter her vagina she opened her eyes and first looked at Bob and smiled and then Bart and winked. With one hand she spread her pussy lips as the other controlled the bottle. With her leg still probed on the chair as wide as she could get, she rubbed the bottle top up and down her slit. She began to slightly raise and lower her ass the same as if she were fucking missionary style. The bottle slowly entered her canal with little effort as she was well lubricated by the lotion and her natural secretions. She managed to get half of it in before it became uncomfortable. She could hear the cracking of the bottles sides as her vagina squeezed it. She accentuated her moans to let Bob know it felt good.
Then she felt fluid hitting her chest. Bob had gotten up and began to discharge the ejaculation from his erupting penis on her chest. She looked at Bart and had a sense his penis was also getting his release. She pulled the bottle out of her pussy and rubbed his discharge over her tits. Bob bent down and kissed her.
"Penelope, that was something," Bob said as he kissed her. "I bet Bart enjoyed it also."
"I think he did," Angie said. "I certainly did."
"Do you want me to clean you up?" Bob asked.
"No I want to enjoy lying here getting a tan with My Lord's sperm spread over my chest." She laid back and enjoyed the peace of just lying in the sun until it was time for lunch.
Angie and Bob meet with the professional shopper
The professional shopper came by the condo at two.
"Angie this is Lucy," Bob introduced Lucy as she entered. Lucy was about the same age as Angie but small. Angie thought she was likely a size four. Really cute face and dyed blonde hair. She was professionally dressed but with a hint of sexiness. While she wore a jacket and skirt suit, the skirt was short, showing off very toned legs. The jacket was cut to accentuate her nice full B cup breasts which looked big enough on this small woman.
"Hi Lucy nice to meet you," Angie said perfunctorily. "Have a seat. Do you want anything?"
"No, I'm fine," Lucy said. "Bob has told me what he wanted for the both of you for the trip. Is there anything I can do for you otherwise?"
"No not really," Angie thought. "Maybe sexier panties and bras. Bob doesn't like what I have. Maybe lingerie. I typically dress comfortable for bed. Normally tee shirt and panties. I also wear flannel pajamas when it is cold."
"Can I look at your wardrobe and make suggestions?" Lucy asked. "Bob has told me what he wants for the trip but that is where his input ends. Bob are you ok with me making other selections for Angie?"
"Sure," Bob smiled. "I think it may be better if I'm gone while this is going on. Unless there is something in particular you need from me, I think I will go into the office for a few hours. Am I needed here?"
Angie and Lucy looked at each other and nodded no.
"Baby," Bob said, "I'm going to shower, dress for tonight and go into the office. I will pick you up at six." He kissed Angie and went into the bathroom.
While Angie didn't understand Bob's interest in this activity, she was warming to the idea of someone helping with her wardrobe. Honestly, she wasn't a clothes hog and with the exception of the cocktail dress she was going to wear that night, it had been years since she added anything but necessities to her wardrobe.
"Let's have a cup of coffee," Angie said. They discussed what Angie did on a daily basis. She left out her sexual exploits.
After Bob left Lucy removed her jacket leaving her wearing a form fitted silk blouse and obviously no bra. Angie could now see her small pink areola and pencil eraser sized nipples. Lucy sorted through Angie's wardrobe. "You should wear fitted bras. These all seem to be off the rack. They could also be much sexier. Same is true with your panties. I know Bob wants sexier. I need to get measurements. Get undressed."
Angie went into the bathroom and came out wearing a bra and thong.
"That bra does nothing for you. You are so well endowed you could wear sack cloth and be sexy but why not help out a little. Please remove the bra and panties."
With Angie nude Lucy walked behind her and rubbed her hand over Angie ass.
"You do know your ass is sexy, don't you?" Lucy asked. "I bet you think your ass is too large."
"Yes, I do."
"Honestly, you have one of sexiest ass I have seen and you should always wear thongs or nothing at all. Are you comfortable with those options?"
"Actually, yes." Angie now wanted men's attention and was willing to wear whatever it took.
"Let me see what your pussy looks like," Lucy instructed. "Spread your legs a little." Lucy knelt in front of Angie, closely inspecting her pussy. "How long have you been smooth and it looks like a top end job?"
"A few months ago. I had laser hair removal all over my body. It was expensive but it works. I naturally have thick black hair and lots of it. I have an ugly bush naturally."
"Well it is pretty now," Lucy said as she touched along the top of her slit. "You do have quite fat pussy lips, but I would imagine most men would like that. I personally have thin skinny lips. It is hard to see anything but a small slit. Honestly I would trade with you. May I show you?"
"Yes," Angie said thinking this was a little odd.
Lucy pulled up her skirt showing her pussy not covered by panties. "See not the pussy lips you have." Her pussy looked like that of a thirteen-year-old. Lucy lowered her skirt. "Ok let me take measurements."
Lucy took measurement of everything. She measured from her neck to her pussy, the size of her slit, and measurement that Angie had no idea of why. When she took the diameter of her areola Angie had to ask, "Why are you measuring that?"
"You will find out soon enough." Lucy continued to touch and measure. Angie noticed she was beginning to get excited from this fondling. "One last thing, I want to excite your nipples just to see how they look excited. Although you seem to be a little excited already."
"Do what you need to," Angie stated. "I want to please Bob."
Lucy sucked each nipple and pinched each until the nipples were hard and protruding significantly. "Was that so bad?" Lucy asked.
"No actually it was pleasant," Angie stated.
"Any time you want to try it with a female, I would be obliged to help. Bob might like seeing that."
Angie did think about it.
Bob and Angie go on a make-up date
Angie was getting out of the shower, preparing for her date with Bob when the doorman announced a delivery form Harry Winston Jewelry. Angie said to send him up. She put on a robe to answer the door. There was a man with a package for her to sign. She opened it and read the card, "For my beautiful wife. I do love you and am sorry that we have grown apart. But we will find our way. Hope you like and enjoy the evening. Love, Bob."
She opened a beautifully wrapped package. Angie had always been frugal and did not want expensive things. This was clearly a very expensive necklace. It was a gold, diamond and emerald drop chain necklace. It had two chains draped alongside the drop. There was a matching drop on the back. It was exquisite. She wanted to have Bob send it back but knew he would not like that and maybe even spank her for asking. On second thought she liked to be spanked.
Angie continued to get ready. She wore the dress she had purchased so many months ago for the dinner Bob missed. It was made of a light gray shiny material over a strapless bone bodice top. The skirt was a darker gray that as cut to puff out and sort of look like a scalloped bell. The top barely covered her nipples. Because it had padding that pushed her breasts out the top and the fact that her areola was nearly three-inch in diameter, you could see the edge of where the areola started. She knew this looked sexy. She was going to wear a white knit wrap for warmth and modesty.
She put on the necklace. It looked like it came with the dress. The bodice dipped in the back to her waist, so the gold chain dropped in back looked right. The front drop extended into her cleavage. The drape of the two chains over the drop lay on her pushed up breasts and accentuated the size of her breasts. There was a design of diamonds and emerald where the drop hit at the indention of her collar bones in the neck. It looked beautiful. She added diamond earrings and an ankle gold chain.
After applying make-up, she took a long look in the mirror. She liked what she saw. She really hoped Bob would like how she looked.
Bob arrived at six. When he saw her he at first did not say anything. She was worried that something was wrong. He then stammered out, "You are ... ah, I just don't have the word." There was a tear in his eye. "Beautiful is all I can think of."
"Thank you. I can't believe you bought me this necklace. You know I don't need to have expensive things. But it does go with the dress nicely don't you think?"
"I think is looks perfect with that dress but I can't wait to see it without the dress." He said this smiling.
"You'll just have to wait won't you. You are a naughty man. But I can promise you it will be worth the wait."
Bob thought for a minute then said, "In mind of our more honest and open relationship, Lucy picked it out. After she looked at your wardrobe, she called me saying she had an idea that this necklace would really look good on you with that dress and wondered if I would buy it. To my credit I did immediately say yes. She obviously was able to get it delivered in time."
As they left the building the doorman said, "May I say that you look particular beautiful tonight Mrs Hall?"
"Yes you may and thank you very much," Angie said to the doorman.
Bob had a limo to take them to Marshal's as it was a thirty-minute ride in traffic. There was a young man in the typical chauffeur outfit standing next to the doorman for the condo. "This is Edward our chauffeur tonight."
"Good evening Mrs Hall," Edward said. "So nice to meet you."
"Good to meet you Edward."
"Edward runs the limo service the firm uses," Bob said. "We also do their books. In spite of his young looks, Edward is quite the businessman."
"Actually, I owe a lot to Mr Hall and his partners," Edward said. "Without their investment, encouragement and assistant, we may not have made it. Mrs Hall, Mr Hall told me he owes a lot of his success due to your encouragement and assistance."
"Thank you Edward," Bob said with a smile. "You know how to get an extra tip."
"Yes sir," Edward said.
The doorman opened the rear door of the limo for Angie as Edward got the door for Bob. She has sure he got a good view up her skirt and she liked that.
As they headed to the restaurant Angie asked, "Tell me a little about your involvement with his business."
"Well a few years ago, just after you stopped helping us, we had grown enough to need a limo service on retainer. Edward happened to have a one car business and made us a good price. Before long he wanted to expand and got our advice. We decided to invest in him and his business. So we made the investment and spent time helping him with business practices. It worked out for both businesses. It makes us look more elite and certainly helped him."
"Sounds like it." They continued to talk about Hall Partners, LLP all the way to the restaurant. She was really interested in catching up on the business. It had been some time since Bob had discussed business with her and she realized she missed it.
At the restaurant, Edward opened the car door for her.
"Thank you Edward."
"Edward, it will be at least two hours before we need you if you would like to grab something to eat. I will text you ten minutes before we are ready."
"Yes sir," Edward said to Bob. He tipped his hat to Angie which elicited a warm smile from Angie.
As they entered, they were greeted by the maître d'. He said, "Good evening Mr and Mrs Hall."
"Good evening Andre," Bob said.
"May I take your wrap, Mrs Hall?" Andre said.
She removed her wrap and she thought she saw a look of pride on Bob's face as her bust line and necklace were now on full display. Andre was clearly impressed.
"May I say you are very beautiful, Mrs Hall?" Andre said gushing. "That is a very beautiful necklace."
"It was a gift from Bob," Angie said with pride while touching her cleavage and necklace.
Andre took them to their table. It was clearly an expensive restaurant.
"Do you come here often?" Angie asked Bob.
"We use this restaurant a lot to impress high end clients," Bob said. "They give the firm a slight discount as a result of the amount of business but the prices are still outrageous. They work with Sam a lot more now that she has taken over most of the client relations."
Angie and Bob, spent most of the meal with Bob telling her how the business had progressed the last last few years. It felt good to Angie to share this again with Bob.
Towards the end of a bottle of expensive wine and a terrific meal Bob said, "Angie, even though I expect you to follow through on the bargain we made, I take much of the blame for our marriage getting off track."
"That helps but you caught me and I have every intention of meeting your challenges. I want this to work but I sure don't want to go back to muddling along which is what we were doing."
"I agree, but know it will get more uncomfortable for you and you are likely to do things you don't want to."
Angie gave him a broad smile, "Bring it on buddy. I am betting I am up to anything you bring except physical abuse. I won't take that. But I know you will never really hurt me. I think I can be your Penelope."
"That is correct, I would never hurt you. Spankings sure and pushing some boundaries but hurt you, absolutely not. I am betting on you also."
They finished dinner about ten. Edward was waiting for them outside the restaurant. He said, "Did you enjoy your meal, Mrs Hall?"
"I did Edward."
She had not put her wrap back on. As soon as Edward closed the door Bob leaned over and kissed between her cleavage saying, "Oh God I wanted to do that all night. You realize that every man and some women took your chest in and I am sure caused many boners including me."
He put his arm around her and kissed her deeply. Before leaving the restaurant she had gone to the bathroom and removed her panties. She thought she really did need prettier panties. As they kissed she took his hand, put in on her leg and slid it up to her wet pussy lips. She unzipped his pants and pulled out an already hard dick. She stroked it while he was playing with her pussy. She was moaning not caring that Edward heard.
She bent over and sucked Bob's penis. She did not know about Bob but she had been excited and wanting to fuck him since he walked in the door and complimented her on how she looked. All the men looking at her exposed bosom added to her heat. She wanted to be fucked and did not care that Edward watched. She decided she liked that he was going to see her fuck her husband.
She licked his dick while he was rubbing her gaping pussy. She could hear the sounds of her pussy suctioning as his finger went in and out of her sopping pussy.
"If you don't want jizzum all over your face, you need to switch holes," Bob whispered.
She pulled her skirt up to her waist, straddled Bob facing him, and slipped his dick into her wanting slit. She unhooked the bodice of her dress holding her tits in and released her bosom for Bob to ravage.
"I have been wanting these nipples sucked all night," Angie whispered. She took the tips of her breasts in her hand and put them in Bob's mouth. "Please suck on these."
Bob bite and sucked her nipples with gusto. He sucked in as much of each of her mammary as he could.
"Oh Bob that feels so good," Angie sobbed. She was near tears it felt so good.
She could feel Bob near his orgasm. She had been in constant bliss since the first kiss. "Have a good one baby," Angie whispered in his ears.
"I will, here it comes," Bob whispered back.
She felt his juices erupting deep inside her. She felt tears running down her cheek. The pleasure was overwhelming her. When Bob finished he left it in waiting for her to finish and recover a little from the tension.
"Baby, that was great," Bob said. "Here is a handkerchief to try and keep it off your beautiful dress. We are almost back at the condo so you need to get back in your dress."
Angie first wiped her tears and most of her mascara off her face and then the sperm running down her legs. She put her skirt back down, put her breasts back in the cups of the bodice and secured the hidden hooks. She had just enough time to kiss Bob and say, "I love you Bob."
"I love you Angie."
Edward pulled up to the front door of the condo. The doorman opened the door for Angie as Edward came around to open the door for Bob. Angie now sans panties gave the doorman a nice shot as he grabbed for her hand.
"Mrs Hall if anything you are more beautiful now," the doorman stated.
"Thanks you Mr McDougal," Angie beamed. "We had a good night."
She heard Edward whisper something to Bob and Bob laughed whispering something back.
Angie said, "Good night Edward and thank you for driving us."
"Any time Mrs Hall," Edward said, "it was my pleasure."
Bob grabbed Angie's hand as they walked to the elevator. "What did he say to you?" Angie asked.
"He said I was a lucky man and I said he was very correct." Angie again melted.
In the elevator they groped and kissed all the way to the condo. Once inside the condo their clothes were almost instantly discarded and they ran to the bed. Angie left the necklace on so Bob could see it on her nude body.
Bob said, "I was right that necklace is best with nothing on at all. Angie you are a sexy beautiful woman. I want to fuck you so bad I can taste it."
"What are you waiting for."
Bob led her to bed and made slow sweet love to her. He touched every part of her body and seemed to cherish it all. He mounted her in the missionary position and took a slow long time to finish. Angie felt more loved than she had since their honeymoon. They fell asleep in the nude, satisfied and slept soundly until morning.