Nisha is a 20 year old girl living in Chennai in southern India. She is 5'6" with beautiful white skin and a lean figure. She has a 34B size breasts. She is tall and has a great round ass. She is a looker but she is shy and innocent outward.
She lives with her family. Her dad Sameer is an accounts manager in a private firm.
Her mom Parveen owns a shop selling sarees and fashion accessories. She keeps her body in perfect condition mainly because of the work she is doing in the house and in the shop. She has a 36C breast size and is thin for her age. She looks more like a sister to Nisha than a mother.
Nisha also has a brother Irfan who is 18 and studies engineering. He always gets on the nerves of Nisha. There will be lots of fights and pranks between them.
Nisha is brought up in an orthodox family and she wears a burqa whenever she goes outside. This adds up to her not being seen by many.
She however has a secret side. She is a closet exhibitionist. She wants to be seen in various states of undress but always wants it to be accidental or not her fault. The risqué of that is what excites her. The mere thought of doing something like that excited her. She masturbated thinking about those fantasies.
She doesn't know how she felt about sex as she was a virgin. She however started losing the interest in mere fantasies, but couldn't find a way to make them real. She started thinking through all the fantasies in her mind and wanted to try one or two. She thought planning and executing is the only way to go.
One of her fantasies is going commando under the burqa. Just thinking about it gives her goosebumps. Usually people going commando in a full length dress is not a big deal for many. But a burqa is worn over a chudi or salwar or even a nightie (Nightie is a long dress that covers from shoulders to the ankle that indian women wear indoors sometimes occasionally outside to run a short errand nearby) inside that the regular underwear.
People expect that you wear something inside, as the cloth is very thin, wearing it may cause a nipple to protrude when erect. Since the burqa is mostly full black this is somewhat manageable.
She put her plan into motion. She didn't want anyone in her family to find out and nip this behavior in the bud. So she chose a Saturday. Her father works on Saturdays too. Her mom opens the shop and her brother goes out with his friends.
So, when everyone left she went to her room and started to undress. She was fully nude. She was shaved down below for hygiene reasons. She started admiring her body in the mirror. She always does that whenever she changes clothes. Standing there nude she thought how it would be if she went out like this. She was dripping as soon as the thought entered her mind. She was dreaming now.
But now is not the time for dreaming as she wants some action. Merely dreaming and doing are two different things. She got butterflies in her stomach. She thought of not doing it. But there has to be start. She decided to do it.
She wore her burqa over her nude body. With all the thoughts she had earlier, she was aroused. Her nipple was erect and she can see and feel it protruding. She argued with herself that since no one is going to see her this close, she will not be noticed. She wore her scarf in the head and brought the ends to cover her boobs. Now nothing looks out of the ordinary at all.
She quickly picked up her bag and went out before she could stop herself. Her mother when leaving had given her some errands to run. She had to buy vegetables from the local market street. It is not like a supermarket where there is almost no human interaction. Here you will have to ask for items from multiple shopkeepers and also bargain for the least price.
Although she is shy, her mother has taught her to bargain. It is a much needed skill for girls in India. She started walking to the market. She didn't have very large breasts so the jiggling is not visible even without the bra.
The streets were crowded and she was getting very conscious of her dress. Whenever someone takes a look at her she checks if anything is showing. Even if some leg is shown, people will get suspicious if she is wearing anything under it at all, as most of the dresses in India comes down to the ankle except for western clothes which is a rarity in her neighborhood.
She reached the market started buying the required vegetables. She was being paranoid, so she couldn't bargain as much as she would like. She noticed that she spent 20% extra on the vegetables. She wanted to be confident. She then put her secret at the back of her head and started doing the remaining shopping.
The shopkeepers saw a young girl before them and nothing else. She knows otherwise. She tested the waters by moving the scarf covering her chest area. Her nipple was not hard as it is hot and humid outside, so it is not protruding in the burqa. But some jiggle can be seen up close if she moved vigorously like when she picked vegetables selecting them. It wasn't noticeable as no one was suspicious.
There was one shopkeeper who looked at her odd. She became self-conscious again. She started moving but he stopped her. She wanted to run away but didn't. As it turned out he was a friend of her father and he recognized her. Glad he didn't recognize her secret though.
When the shopping was done she started walking home. Before going home she has to give some of the vegetables to the elderly couple who live next door.
They were close to her family as they were their neighbors for a long time. She used to call them dhadhi(grandma) and dhadha(grandpa) from when she was little. They don't get out much at this old age, so Nisha's family helps them whenever they could.
She rang their doorbell. Dhadhi opened and welcomed her inside. She placed the vegetables in their refrigerator. Dhadha was lying on his recliner chair. Dhadhi asked her to sit in a chair and asked her if she would like some refreshment for which she refused politely. Then they both started asking about her life and studies.
She answered their questions enthusiastically. For a while she forgot about her wardrobe.
Suddenly dhadhi said, "Remove the burqa darling, it is too hot today. You can relax a little."
If she did that, dhadha and dhadhi would surely have a heart attack. She said some excuses and she wanted to leave. Dhadhi was somewhat upset. They wanted to spend some more time with her, but she had to run. Dhadhi sent her off.
She went to her house and locked her door. Like she usually does, she removed her burqa and hanged it in the stand near the door. Then she realised she was naked under the burqa. Now she is naked in the living room of her house. Gladly there were no windows open.
She got a kick just by standing there naked even if there is no one to see it. Her mother and brother will be only here for lunch. She had a lot of time before that.
She had to wash the dishes. She thought what if she did it naked. She was all for it. She just went in the kitchen and washed all the dishes completely naked. She got wet in the process. She placed all the dishes in their place. She took a towel and started drying herself.
All the thoughts from the morning came rushing back to her. The towel touching her was exciting her. She sat on the couch and started touching herself. She had never done it in the living room. She usually masturbates in the safety of her own room. Now she is doing it on their family couch.
She didn't have to do it long though. She had the most intense orgasm of her life. When the high went down, she felt embarrassed and guilty for doing what she did. She went to her room and got dressed even though there was still time for her family to return. She watched some TV to distract herself.
When her mom and brother returned, she couldn't face them. They didn't suspect anything, but she might change that, so she started being normal. They had lunch and everyone were off to their normal routine.
It wasn't two days before she wanted the thrill again. At night, she couldn't put the thoughts away and she wasn't able to sleep at all. She had to do the same thing or more next week as well. But she needed a thrill before that.
She immediately stripped nude and laid there. It was a new feeling sleeping nude and it was a welcome feeling. Usually in the morning her mom wakes her up, mostly pulling her from the bed. So, she can't sleep nude. If she slept like that, she will have some problems in the morning. So, she didn't want to sleep but she couldn't lose the nice feel.
She got up from bed and roamed around in her room. She started acting out all the things she does in her room but in the nude. She made a note to do these things nude whenever possible.
After some time she opened her bedroom door and peered outside. It was dark and silent. She wanted to go outside but what if someone wakes up. What if she made a sound and someone came to check. She will have no explanation. She was debating with herself. She then decided to do it.
She came out carefully. She shut her door silently lest it shut itself and cause a loud bang. She didn't want to take the chance. This also meant she can't run into her room immediately at the sign of danger. Her room directly opens into the living room. She managed to keep her footsteps silent. She can't believe she is in the living room naked while her parents are sleeping in their bedroom.
The house is such a way that all the rooms open to the living room. So, if anyone wakes up and walks out, they will be seeing her naked as the day she was born. It wasn't like pitch dark. The lights from the street made it easier to see. She was covered in goosebumps.
She was wandering around the house and was getting used to it. She checked the time and only fifteen minutes have passed. She thought she might have been there for an hour or so. Her throat was dry and she was thirsty.
She went to the kitchen and opened the fridge and immediately shut it and the light from the fridge was illuminating her in the dark like she was in a stage. She then gathered her senses and opened it again.
She downed the water and some spilled on her. This along with the cold air from the fridge was very nice, as the weather was very hot. She just stood there enjoying the coldness. Her nipples were erect now partly because of the cold. She was enjoying the feeling. The water on her body slowly made a path to her pussy which soaked the already soaked lips.
She closed the fridge and wandered to sit on the couch. She wanted to masturbate there. It would be completely different from the other time as this time there are people in the house. She was not so silent during an orgasm. So she decided against it.
Suddenly there was a sound of someone opening their door. She was on high alert, she couldn't go to her bedroom, she couldn't make it in time. She just jumped behind the couch and hid there. The sound was coming from her brother's room. He switched on the lights of the living room. She was immediately lit up. This was irresponsible.
"What happened to planning and executing," she thought to herself.
Her brother went to the kitchen to get some water. She sure had timing. She didn't leave much for him to drink. So he went to fill up. This was taking too long.
Meanwhile she had another feeling coming on. With all the water she drank, she wanted to pee. It was manageable. She could wait until he was gone. But what if her brother wanted to pee as well. The restroom is at the back of the house in the backyard.
This was an old house. There are no attached bathrooms as it was considered unhygienic by the previous generation. There is an open backyard, not very big, with the toilet at the right end of it. The backyard is covered on all sides with high walls so no one could look or jump in.
The backyard is to the opposite of the kitchen. If he wants to go pee, he should cross the couch and go to the backyard. In that case he would definitely see her hiding behind the couch. She prayed that he would head to his room.
He finished drinking and even filled it up, unlike her. He put it back in the fridge and walked out of the kitchen. He turned off the lights went straight to his room to her delight, otherwise this would have been a different day. She sighed and sat in the floor with the back against the couch.
Her naked ass touching the floor reminded of her urge to pee. She must wait till she was sure the coast was clear before getting up. She was not taking chances after the recent scare. She waited for a while.
She was sure now her brother would not come back out. She got up and headed for the backyard door. Then she admonished herself for being careless. She was naked and she is about to go out to the backyard. She walked back to her room.
Before she could open the door, the devil in her shoulder started talking. There would be no one to see her at this hour. She would be naked under the moon light. That thought gave her a shiver. What if someone woke up, she thought. That is the best thing about it. The thrill is what excited her. She had to be fast.
She opened the back door and went out. She closed it behind her back. She walked briskly to the toilet and finished what she came for. But she didn't immediately want to enter the house again. She stood outside for some time. She looked at the moon and the stars. Her secret is known to all the stars in the sky now.
She is excited. She couldn't wait anymore, her juices were following. She quickly walked inside the house. She didn't care if the door made a sound. She practically ran to her room closing the door.
She started masturbating. She climaxed immediately but it was very intense. It topped the last orgasm. It was like setting top scores every time you play a game. She wasn't going to stop now. She was not regretting it this time.
She however cleaned up and got dressed. She didn't want to be woken up naked smelling of her juices.
The next day, her mother woke her up. She is always the first to get up and get everything ready for Nisha. Nisha is next to start getting ready as she is the one who has to go a long way to college and it starts early. The others in the house will wake up only when Nisha is all ready to go.
She said her byes and left for college. After she left, her parents were discussing about her unusually happy mood which she herself didn't notice. They didn't mind it much and they were off to their work.
That night she wanted to do her last night charade once again. She did just that with the same outcome of thrill and excitement. This time however without her brother disturbing her in the middle.
She continued her dalliances in the night. She also did her weekend chores with her spice added to it. They were not allowed to stay inside their rooms for extended periods of time. Whenever she was in her room she was naked. She was careful to not get caught.
But one day however when she was just lounging naked in the backyard at night, she heard someone opening the door. She didn't know what to do. She went immediately into the toilet and locked the door.
It was her father. He knocked on the toilet door and called out. She was going to be caught. He might have come to use the toilet. She didn't know what to do.
He knocked again, "Who is it?"
She shouted, "It's me dad."
He said, "Oh, I was just out for drinking water and heard a sound. Are you OK honey?"
"I am OK dad, just need some time to finish up," she replied.
She waited for some time for her father to finish what he came for. She ventured out and saw there was no one in sight. She went and opened the back door and immediately closed it. The living room was lit.
She opened it slightly to see if her father was still there. She looked around but couldn't find him. He must have left it on seeing that his daughter might need it. She most certainly didn't. She has to cross the brightly lit hall to her room crossing both her parents' and brother's rooms. The switch for the light is between her room and her brother's.
This was hard enough for her. But the devil wanted more challenge. She dared herself to not run and not cover herself while walking to her room. She didn't give a second thought and started doing it. She started walking slowly with her hands by her side.
If someone walked out now, they will clearly see Nisha standing there naked from head to toe. She was getting horny by the second. She crossed their rooms without incident. She switched off the lights and went to her room. Another top score was set that night.
One weekend she was in the mall wearing only her burqa. She was just looking before going to the mall super market. It is unlikely she would find anyone she knows there.
She went into a clothing store, she however wanted to do something she thought about. She chose a store where the trial rooms have curtains instead of doors. She denied any help from the staff there who were mostly men. She chose a salwar and a jean but in a smaller size.
She went into the trial room. She closed the curtain and removed her burqa. She was naked in a store although in the trial room, it was new to her. She tried on the jeans which wouldn't even go up her legs. She removed it and called out for help.
There was a guy outside. He said, "Good morning, do you need any help."
She said, "The jean I selected is too tight for me. Please, can you bring me one in the next size."
"Certainly ma'am," he said, "Could you give me the current one?"
Talking to someone while being naked was a thrill in itself but her plan was not over yet. She gave him the jean through the side of the curtain. She was careful to not being seen. When he went to pick up the jeans for her, she wore the salwar.
It was too tight on her boobs and it was tight on her body. It clearly showed her figure like a glove. It came down to just below her knees but was cut in the sides revealing her thighs. When the guy comes back she has to open the curtain and get the jeans in her current state.
That was her previous thought out plan. But she was beginning to doubt her plan. She didn't think the salwar would be this tight. But she had to do it anyway. When the guy came back, he called out to her. She could have just got it through the curtain but she opened the curtain partially.
She could see that there were no one in sight other than a shy, cute guy who was having the jeans in his hand and his mouth dropped. He was observing her from head to toe. She stretched her hand to get the jeans but he was in a trance. The stretching and bending also showed more of her cleavage.
She asked for the jeans and this brought him out of the trance. It was like she hyptonized him. She loved the control.
She now extended her initial plan and said, "See the salwar is too tight for me too. I am sorry for troubling you. Could you please get one in the next size for this as well?"
He wanted to extend this conversation,
"It doesn't look tight." he lied, "The salwar looks good on you."
She understood what he was trying to do.
She innocently said, "Do you think so? It is tight around my body. It is hugging my body too tight and pushing against it."
His eyes immediately went to her cleavage. He still wasn't convinced.
She then pointed, "Look how tight it is around my hips. It is tight around my chest as well. It is hard to move around in this"
Pointing them was hard but arousing. He was just nodding in agreement now. She asked for a different size salwar. She closed the curtain and removed the salwar. She pushed her head through the curtain while still being nude and called him.
She gave him the salwar through the curtain. She now put on the jeans. She wanted to up the ante.
When he came back and called out, she just covered her front with the burqa and opened the curtain, this time more than halfway. His eyes would have come out of the socket if it were possible. He was stuttering.
He could see the reflection of her back and her pale skin and no bra in sight. The burqa is held in front of her. That doesn't mean she is not topless in front of him. She was hugging on to it very tight one arm above her breasts and one below for the fear of letting it go.
Now she has to get the salwar from him. She didn't plan how and didn't know now. If she let go of the bottom hand, the burqa would separate from her body and some underboob and her navel will be visible. If she let go of her top hand, her whole boobs will be open for him to see.
She however moved her top hand to her boobs and held it tight. This revealed the top of her chest and some cleavage as she held it tight. She used the other hand to get the salwar. This was overwhelming, she immediately closed the curtain. She didn't even try the salwar on. She removed her jeans and put on her burqa. She gave them to the guy telling him some excuse for not buying and rushed outside.
She was in a hurry. She was looking back at the shop while walking and didn't see the guy in front. She slammed into him. He didn't see her coming either. She was about to fall and he grabbed her. Two things happened then.
One, while slamming into each other he had his hands in front of him out of instinct. He felt her boobs in her hand. It was for just an instant but he was sure that there was only one layer of clothing. The burqa wasn't very thick either.
The second thing was that while catching her, he grabbed on to her ass. Now he was sure that there was nothing under the burqa. He lifted her and apologized. She apologized as well. From the look he gave, she knew that he knew. He didn't talk about it.
He however said that he had seen her somewhere and asked about her. She knew this was the most used pickup line in her city. She didn't reply. She just apologized and left the place. In reality he had seen her somewhere but couldn't place where.
After some time she calmed herself down. She replayed all the things that she did in the mall. She was getting excited. She didn't feel it at the time, but the guy grabbing her in inappropriate places was the most exciting. She can't pursue that line of excitement. It may lead down a rabbit hole. She however felt that in such a public place she could get away with it.
She chose her target. She chose a tall handsome guy. He was standing alone in the crowded mall. She walked fast towards him, "looking" at the various stores and not looking at him. She intentionally rammed into him. Unlike the other guy, he wasn't immediately reactive. They both feel on the floor. She fell in top of him. Then out of nowhere his friends came over.
They were shouting something like, "Look what Raghu is upto."
This was getting out of hand. To make matters worse, her burqa hook got caught in Raghu's shirt. She tried getting up but didn't try too hard as she might tear her burqa in the process. She supported her body with her hands. This caused her burqa to separate from her body and showing a downblouse view that he was not expecting.
She was naked under it. He froze for a second. He was able to see her boobs and hard nipples. He could even see her naked thighs. No one else was getting the view though. Since both her hands were busy holding her up, she asked him to untangle them.
As he was trying to get the hook out, she looked down and saw the view she is giving him. She was embarrassed to say the least. She stayed as she was, at first because she froze, but then she stayed that way so it would end quickly.
He took his time getting the hook out. She was hurrying him up, so eventually he got her free. She immediately got up and apologized and started walking. She could hear some rowdy sounds behind her but she kept on walking. She didn't even go to the grocery store as she might walk into them again.
As soon as she entered her house, she slumped down on the couch and started touching herself. She immediately had an orgasm. She didn't even have to think about the day's adventure. But when she did, she was excited again and started masturbating again.
Her adventure were getting better and better. She wanted more after her recent adventure. She wanted for someone to see her but it should be an accident or not her fault. She was thinking of some way to do it. She got an idea.