My wife Clare and I had been married for 15 years and after two children, she had lost interest in pretty much anything sexual. We were still in our 30's having married young, and I was pulling my hair out trying to figure out how to get her revved up again. Between tending to our young kids and helping me at the dress store we owned, she was always exhausted.
We were not swingers or anything before, but we definitely enjoyed each other's bodies. How do you think the kids came along.
My wife was 34, and had a little bit of a bulge at her stomach. Otherwise she stood 5'7" and I won't guess at her weight, but she still had the curves without too many road bumps.
She wore her auburn hair long, past her shoulders and had recently begun giving it lighter streaks to hide some gray that was working it's way in.
She'd decided to get herself back into shape and had begun riding bicycle quite a bit on the weekends. She had also begun taking a weight training class to tone up what she saw as her soft muscles.
I was looking through the Internet one evening searching for some massage oils. Clare had been complaining about her sore muscles from her weight class. I figured it might be a good way to get something going again.
I found an advertisement for a stimulation crème for women. I didn't even know they had such things. This seemed like an interesting product so I ordered some and hoped it would work.
A few days later the oils and crème arrived. My wife was at her weight class that evening so I thought I would surprise her with a massage with oils and sneak in the creme.
When Clare arrived home, she was groaning and aching. She jumped at my offer to give her a massage. I presented myself as a "professional" since I would be using oils.
She wasn't too impressed with all that, but the thought of having her aching muscles rubbed was not something she was going to pass on.
I had a small inflatable camping pad that I had inflated earlier and laid over a rectangular coffee table we had in the living room. I knew the kids would be fast asleep, so the rest of the evening was ours.
I laid a beach towel over the pad and had Clare lay down on her stomach.
I began at her neck, her moaning in appreciation of the massage and even commented on how much better it felt using the oil.
I worked my way over her arms and back as she began to settle into a pleasant haze of enjoyment.
I took my time and after 45 minutes, I was working her feet. I knew she was in bliss as she never let anyone touch her feet. Clare was in an almost hypnotic state so I was ready for phase two.
I told her to roll over in such a way as it was more a command then request. Clare let out a slight groan, but did as I requested.
I enjoyed the sight of her bare breasts and how good her pussy looked. She had begun trimming the hair back for her bicycling. After so little intimate contact, it was like looking at another woman.
I didn't want to wait too long and let her out of her fog, so I began rubbing her temples and again worked my way down. Clare's eyes were closed and occasional "hmm's" would come from her lips.
I poured some extra oil into my hand and began working my way around her breast. I began at the base and used both hands to massage the oil into her lovely mound. After spending several minutes just rubbing the oil in, I was taking both hands and cupping her breast at the base and pulling upwards, feeling her flesh against my hands as I pulled her breast up. I pressed it between my hands until just her hard nipple would be between the back side of my hands. I would then release her, letting her tit flesh drop back on to her chest.
I was half expecting her to stop my there saying I was too rough, instead I began to detect that fragrance announcing her arousal.
Clare kept her eyes closed, but now she would lick her lips occasionally.
I did this a few more times before moving to her other breast and repeating the process.
This was completely different from all the times Clare had shut down any advances I had made for sexual play. I could feel my cock growing as the possibilities began to come to mind.
I worked my way down her stomach, massaging and kneading her flesh. I purposely passed by her mound and vagina, but took extra time to massage her upper thigh, making sure my hands would graze against her distended pussy lips. I could see moisture on her lips and her scent was definitely stronger now.
Clare's hips gave a little jump each time my hands grazed her sensitive lips. She gave a groan of disappointment as I moved further down her legs. I don't think she knew she had groaned.
After completing what I wanted with the massage, I was ready to try the stimulant crème. I worked my way back up her legs, making it appear I was still just working on her massage.
I had the stimulation crème sitting below the table, opened and ready to use. I scooped some into my hand as I reached the upper portions of her legs.
I began to rub the crème around her vagina, working the crème into the surrounding flesh. Clare unconsciously opened her legs wider, allowing me more access to her aroused sex.
I wasn't sure I even needed the crème at this point, but well, why take any chances. I applied more of the crème directly to her pussy lips, taking a fold between my fingers and rubbing it in. Clare was grunting now, her moisture beginning to flow out of her opening towards her ass.
I took some of the crème and rubbed it from the bottom of her slit and right around the ring of her ass. Clare had never let me touch her there as she felt it was "dirty." Now she was actually rolling her hips up to give me better access.
I returned both hands back to working on her moist pussy. I decided to go for broke and pushed a finger into her. I felt Clare lift her hips to push more of my finger into her. I quickly inserted a second finger and began to slowly fuck her with my digits.
Clare had her hands on the side of the table to use as leverage as she fucked herself against my fingers.
Clare kept repeating "yes, oh yea, that feels so good."
Clare quickened her thrusting as I looked for that spot I knew would rock her. I leaned forwards and began tonguing her nub of a clit as her hip movement became more frantic.
Clare thrust her lower back and ass off the table and was frozen there as her orgasm took her. Grunts coming from her lips as she rode out her passion.
Clare finally relaxed her body after several spasms followed the first big burst. She finally dropped back down onto the table, her pussy gaping, my hand soaked with her juices.
I figured this was as good a time as any to see how the old missionary position would feel. Clare had other ideas however.
Her eyes opened as I was removing my pants.
"I'm sorry honey, that felt great, but you've taken everything out of me now. That massage oil really had me throbbing, but I don't think I can take anymore. You understand, don't you?"
Yea, I understand. I'm being blue balled.
"Sure honey, no problem," I said as I felt my dick wilt from the disappointment.
Clare pushed herself up and headed for the shower. I cleaned up, poured myself a whiskey and turned on the television.
An anger formed in my mind as I thought how unfair this was. I decided then that my little flower needed a lesson in sharing.
Clare had class twice a week, then a ride usually on Saturdays. I repeated my massages, watching as her passion grew more obvious each time I brought her to orgasm. The crème would really stimulate her, but she still refused to touch my sexually.
The third week, I worked her to the point to where she was on the verge of cumming, then pulled away. I continued this several more times, as she tried to frantically to push her soaking slit against my hand for friction.
"Please!" She cried frantically.
"What do you want?"
"I want you to finish me, please honey. I need you to finish me," she begged.
"No, I don't think so."
I began to rise when she grabbed my arm as she looked up at me. The want obvious on her face.
"Please baby. I'm sorry. I know I've been ignoring your needs, I'm just not ready yet."
"I've heard that story for quite a few years now. No, I'm done," as I turned and walked away.
Clare became angry and went to shower in a huff.
She refused to talk to me the next couple of days and things were pretty frosty. When she returned from class though, she was all kissy and cuddly to get me to give her a massage. She had become quite addicted to them and I think to the sensations of the crème.
I agreed and gave her a massage, but again refused to allow her to come.
"Okay, okay, come here honey," as she pulled me to her. Clare began clumsily groping my cock through my pants.
"That's not going to do it dear."
"WHAT, what can I do?" she asked frantically.
"Give me a blow job."
Clare had never enjoyed giving me head
She looked at me, but her desire won out. Clare unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. She began tonguing me and then took my head between her lips.
After so many years, this was like heaven, but I still wanted more, Putting my hand on the back of her head, I pushed myself further into her mouth. She gagged a little, but continued sucking me.
I began fucking her face as I felt my balls tightening. I didn't warn her as I began shooting my spunk into her mouth. She coughed a bit but tried to keep up until I felt myself drain.
Clare gave me a look of need and I detected a hint of submission. A first for her.
I said nothing as I moved down between her legs and proceeded to finger her to a gigantic orgasm. When she had caught her breath, I told her to clean up the table as I walked out of the room. I made sure to grab the crème as I went. I didn't want her knowing I was using a little extra help.
When Clare came to bed, she surprised me when she announced the kids would be going to her parents house for the weekend. She now asked me if I would give her a massage when she returned from her bicycle ride.
I was pleased that now she was asking me instead of expecting me to massage her. I was also a little surprised and aroused that she had arranged for the kids to be out of the house.
Well, Clare arrived back at the house and instead of just moving to the table for her massage, she said she wanted to take a quick shower first to get the sweat and dirt off.
Clare returned to our living room naked. The weight training and riding had all but removed the sag to her stomach and she was looking more toned and sensual.
I had left the window shades opened and she asked me to close them as it was mid afternoon. We had a large front window that the neighbors could easily see in.
"No, if you want the massage, come over here and lay on the table."
Clare turned red and ducked down a little, but made her way quickly to the table. I noticed the smell of her arousal was already quite strong. I began to wonder if Clare had a bit of exhibitionism in her.
I had Clare repeat giving me a blowjob before I went to work on her. There was no hesitation now.
Clare didn't even hide what she wanted as she laid on her back immediately instead of having me work my way from front to back.
As I applied the crème, Clare all but bucked against my hand. She was flowing heavily now and when I inserted a finger, she immediately had an orgasm. I waited until she calmed down, then pushed two fingers in and again began flicking her clitoris with my tongue.
Clare grabbed my head and pushed me tightly against her as she shouted out her orgasm.
When she calmed down, she looked up at me with half lidded eyes. "Fuck me."
"What?" I asked partially in shock.
"I want you in me, I want to feel you fucking me." She said the passion heavy in her voce.
"Even with the blinds open?"
"I don't care, I want to feel that hard cock pushing into me."
"Really. Tell you what. You do a dance for me with the window opened, and I'll fuck you."
Clare hesitated a minute, the embarrassment and concern of being seen obvious on her face. Finally her lust won out."
"Okay, but in the center of the room, not right in front of it."
I felt that was fair and nodded my okay as I moved to sit on the couch.
Clare was now facing me with the window behind me. She began swaying her hips while still looking over my head for anyone passing by. As she began to get into the movements, she began running her hands up and down her body, cupping her breasts and even fingering her slit. She really shocked me when she pulled her finger from her wet pussy and sucked it clean in her mouth. My Clare had really jumped from a sexual dud to a full fledged slut.
My cock was now at full mast as she moved her way to me, continuing to undulate her lower body as she pulled and teased her rigid nipples.
I grabbed her when she was finally in front of me and had her straddle my hips. I had dropped my pants and my cock was at full mast below her. Clare lowered herself onto me as I slid into her wet, tight hole.
Clare was giving me kisses as she began riding my cock. Her hair falling across our faces as her movements became quicker, her hands gripping my shoulders tightly.
Clare was slamming herself onto me as I felt my come boiling inside, ready to explode. I held on as long as I could, wanting her to begin climaxing before I did. Finally her head bent back, her mouth opened, eyes clenched shut as she drove me to the hilt into her. I could feel her walls grabbing me. That pushed me right over and I began shooting into her causing another ripple of orgasms to course through her.
As we calmed down, Clare rested her head on my shoulder, her hair wet with sweat.
"Seems, you had no problem with the opened window?"
"No. And what pushed me over was when I saw Bonnie from across the street walk out of her house. I'm sure she saw me because she stopped and was looking right at me and that just sent me into space."
Wow, not only have I found out Clare is an exhibitionist, but that there may be a touch of bisexuality there also.
The girl across the street was a sweet looking blond. She didn't have the biggest set of boobs, but on her slim frame and that long blond hair, she was quite attractive. The girl, Bonnie, had babysat for us a couple of times. I began to wonder if maybe Clare and Bonnie had gotten together on occasion and maybe that was the reason for my long dry spell.
Let's face it, almost every guy would like to see his wife getting it on with another girl, and I was no exception. I started to plan how I could make this happen in such a way that I'd get a show.
Clare would usually work at our dress shop during the day, when she had the kids at school. We didn't usually get to much business during those hours and she mostly helped me arrange the displays and stock items.
Well, Clare and I pretty much fucked in every room of the house that weekend until the kids came back home. I decided that as much of a sex fiend as she had become, I could get something to happen at work.
When Clare showed up at the store on Monday, I teased her breast and pussy a bit and then pulled out a tie back knit dress. The thin dress hung past her knees, but had only thin straps to hold it up over the shoulders.
I told Clare to put the dress on. She looked at me a moment but went into the back and came out a few minutes wearing the dress. She'd removed her bra as the back was opened to the top of her ass, with just the tie across the middle of her back.
I could see she was a bit embarrassed being in the store in such a sexy dress, but her nipples pushing out through the thin fabric told me she was also excited.
"Did you leave your panties in the back also?"
"No, I can't do that" she said red-faced.
"Okay, take them off now." I said.
She looked at me, then at the front door. She then pushed the dress up a bit, grabbed her panties and pulled them off.
"Here," she said as she threw the panties at me, chuckling softly.
She was a good shot and the panties hit me in the face. I felt the dampness of them when I grabbed them with my hand. Clare was definitely enjoying this.
I handed her a pair of black strap shoes with a 3" heel. She looked fantastic as I told her she had to wear the outfit the rest of the time she was here.
She was about to back out when we had a customer enter the store. Clare tried to back her self behind the counter, but I grabbed her arm and gently pushed her towards our female customer.
The woman seemed to enjoy the view Clare gave her as she took her time and asked for quite a bit of help with different items of clothing.
The woman appeared to be in her early fifties and was very nice looking.
I could see Clare was enjoying being near naked with this unknown person as her nipples looked like small rocks pushing out from her taut breasts and were prominent in the dress.
I had to take a telephone call and lost track of what was occurring with Clare and the customer. I had noticed them heading back to the dressing rooms.
I was on the telephone for about a half hour and got off to see Clare ringing up several items for the woman. I also noticed Clare was red faced and seemed to have a sheen of sweat on her brow.
After the woman walked out I heard an "Oh my God." Clare said breathlessly.
"What happened?"
"Well, the woman, Terry, called me into the dressing room to help her with a blouse. When I walked in Terry turned and was topless."
"I stopped in my tracks, but she was very nonchalant. She said she wanted me to help her select which bra would go with a blouse she had selected. She asked if I would help put the bra on."
"I was so nervous, my hands were shaking. But this dress has me so horny I just went along with it."
"Terry turned her back to me and handed me the bra. I thought she was just going to put her breasts in the cups and I would buckle it in the back. Instead she placed the cups on her back and backed into me until I felt my breasts push against her back. She reached for my hand and brought it up to the loose end in front of her."
" She told me I would need both hands, and I just automatically reached my other hand around her and grabbed the other clasp. She then took hold of my two hands and placed them on her bare breasts. They felt so good. I'd never touched another woman's breasts before, but I just started massaging and rubbing them. I even started squeezing and pulling her nipples. All the time I just felt the heat of her back soaking into my breasts."
"Terry reached around behind her and ran her hand up under my dress. She called me a naughty little slut when her fingers discovered I wasn't wearing any panties."
"I just stood there while she fingered me. It felt so good that I came right there."
"Terry turned quickly and pulled my lips to hers and gave me this long kiss. I thought that I should be repulsed. But it felt so good I began pushing my tongue against hers."
"Terry broke the kiss and told me she'd love to make me her little pussy whore Then she put her bra and blouse back on and just walked out to the register."
"I was still trying to catch my breath when you walked back out. Terry gave me a card with her address and telephone number on it and asked me to call her."
I asked her if she wanted to see Terry again? Clare looked down blushing, but quietly said she thought so.
Fuck, was I ready to explode. Unfortunately a pair of customers came in and broke the mood. We had customers in the rest of the day until Clare had to go pickup the kids. I noticed several of the customers eyeing Clare and her dress though.
When I got home, Clare about jumped on me when she returned from her weight class. We fucked several times while trying to not wake the children.
This really got me thinking. I had closed circuit cameras mounted in the store for theft, and had an extra one I had not put up. I got to work early the next day and was able to mount it in the dressing room. I was able to place it above a shelf and hide it with a vase.
I checked the feed on my computer and saw it covered a good bit of the room as it had a wide angle lens.
Clare was not in that day so I started making arrangements for a special showing. I had copied down Terry's telephone number from the card she had given Clare. Terry was quite agreeable to coming to a showing of new clothing that Sunday.
When I got home, I saw Bonnie across the street. I walked over and started a conversation with her. She was a bit hesitant and I had a feeling she had seen Clare and I on the couch that night.
I figured no guts, no glory and figured I'd throw it out there.
"Did you like what you saw the other night?"
Bonnie looked at me a minute, debating whether to admit she had watched Clare and I. She finally said, "yes, I did."
"Really, what did you like best?"
"I liked looking at your wife. She has a great set of tits."
It was my turn to be a bit shocked by Bonnie's frankness. She then really dropped a bomb when she admitted she was a lesbian. It then occurred to me how I had only seen her with other women and never seemed to have any boyfriends over.
"I'm having a special showing at my store Sunday, think you'd like to come?"
"Is Clare going to be there?"
"Oh yes, Clare will be doing the modeling."
"Can I bring a friend?"
This was definitely getting better. "Sure, a couple if you want."
"I'll be there."
I gave her the time and waked over to the house. Now to just get Clare ready.
The rest of the week I kept Clare on the edge, but did not let her come. She was begging to do anything for me, but I refused and even ordered her to not come on her own. I promised her something special on Sunday if she did.
Clare was less then enthusiastic, but as far as I knew and from the frantic look she had on her face by the end of the week, I think she had abided by my wishes.
I had her parents take the kids on Sunday and Clare and I headed for the store. We arrived at ten and I had told Terry and Bonnie to be there by eleven.
I'm able to block off the windows to the store for special displays and had the old style pull down sign for the front door. When I had everything closed down, I told Clare to strip. She looked at me and I reminded her we're closed on Sundays, so there would not be any customers.
She was so revved up from the week, that after a little hesitation she agreed. She stripped off everything and stood in the middle of the store in all her glory.
I then brought out what I told her was my surprise. A pair of fishnet stockings with garter belts. Clare put them and a pair of four inch heeled black shoes I had selected.
Clare looked totally fuckable in the shoes and stockings. Her nipples hard and a slight flush that ran down to the top of her breasts.
"This what you like baby?" she asked me as she ran her hands across her breasts.
I wasn't sure I was going to make it to the show I had planned but, the thought of what might occur kept me from pulling my cock out and fucking her right there.
"There's a little more to it then just that."
I had arranged a long metal clothes rack in the middle of the store. I gently pushed Clare back against the rack, then attached one pair of handcuffs I had hidden in my pocket to her wrist. I smiled at her as I then extended her arm out and clicked the other end of the cuff to the rack. She didn't say a word, but there was a bit of doubt in her eyes.
I repeated the process cuffing her other hand to the other end of the rack. She now had her arms locked in a cross configuration. I began fingering her wet pussy as I told her how beautiful and sexy she looked.
Clare just moaned and licked her lips as I continued to tease her pussy and pull on her stiff nipples.
"God, fuck me, I want you to fuck me so bad." Clare said.
At that moment, the front door opened and in walked Terry followed by Bonnie and two other girls. The one was a cute brunette, the other was a butch looking red head.
Clare and the woman all pretty much stopped at the same moment and stared at each other. A smile came to Terry's and Bonnie's faces as they had obviously hard Clare.
Clare was turning various shades of red.
"Welcome to our special showing ladies. You know Clare, she will be our special model for today."
Clare just looked at me, mouth hanging opened as I gave her a wink.
"Now I'm just going to head into the back room for a while, you ladies feel free to pick out whatever things you'd like to see Clare in. Or not in. By the way, the cuff key is on the counter top."
With that, I headed to the back office and my computer to watch the cameras.
By the time I got to the screen, Terry had moved in to stand in front of Clare. I didn't have sound, but I could see Terry pulling on Clare's right nipple with her fingers.
Bonnie had also stepped over and was giving Clare a long French kiss. From the movement of their mouths, their tongues were very busy. Bonnie's hand was cupping the breast Terry wasn't working on.
The red head had pulled the brunette back against her and was squeezing her breasts through her blouse as they watched.
Terry then ran one hand down the front of Clare and slowly sunk a finger into her exposed vagina. Clare still had her lips clamped to Bonnie's but I noticed her spread her legs apart to allow Terry more access.
Terry's head went towards Bonnie's head and must have said something as Bonnie then ran her hand down Clare and put her finger into Clare next to Terry's.
Clare and Bonnie broke their kiss as Clare was all but bouncing on the two women's fingers.
From the way her head was rolling back she was obviously enjoying herself. The red head had the brunette's blouse open and was now pulling the exposed breasts and nipples of the girl while kissing her neck. They seemed to be a couple and I noticed the brunette had metal bar piercing through both nipples.
The brunette and the red head stopped a minute and the next thing the brunette was dropping her short skirt to stand there totally naked as the red head pulled her arms out of her blouse.
The brunette then moved over to Clare and sunk too her knees in front of her. I had a hard time seeing it, but the brunette's head was buried into Clare's crotch, obviously licking her most sensitive areas.
Clare began trashing about in what must have been one hell of an orgasm. Her body was shaking and she had thrown one leg over the shoulder of the brunette.
Terry had stepped over to the counter and was then unlocking Clare's cuffs. Her and Bonnie helped Clare to the ground as it appeared her legs had given out. I'm glad I had that thick rug there as they laid Clare in the middle of it.
The brunette had resumed her position between Clare's spread legs and was going at her again. Now I could see the girls tongue as she finished her up stroke through the length of Clare's pussy.
Terry had removed her clothing and seemed to have obviously taken the command role. Bonnie was a slim woman, but had a beautiful set of what must have been store bought breasts from the way they stood up.
Terry went to Clare's head and proceeded to squat over her. Clare's head was then buried between Terry's legs and from the bobbing of Clare's head, had no hesitation in starting to eat the woman out.
Bonnie had moved over to the red head and they had stripped at some point and were busy mauling each other's breasts while giving each other's mouths a tongue lashing.
I had long since pulled my cock out and was stroking away. I had remembered to bring the massage oil, just in case you know.
The ladies spent the next two hours switching partners and body parts to lick and suck on. I managed to come twice while watching their antics.
They finally seemed to be winding down, so I decided to make some noise to indicate I was on my way out.
Terry was just buttoning up her blouse as I made it to the display room. The brunette showed no signs of getting dressed or caring that I was eyeing her lovely nude body. She just gave me a smile as she moved to her clothing and began getting dressed.
Bonnie was lying next to Clare, giving each other little kisses as they cupped each other's bare breasts.
Terry walked over to me and quietly asked, "So, will I be getting a copy of the tape?"
I gave her a look and then a smile as I nodded yes. She smiled and walked out of the store.
The red head and brunette went over to Clare and each gave her a kiss on the lips before they also left.
Bonnie just looked up at me and asked, "Do you need any help at the store, I'd be glad to work for you." She then stroked the front of my pants as she looked me in the eye. Maybe she wasn't a hard core lesbian after all.
I decided that it might be good to have some extra help around the store.
"Well, I guess I need catch up to Chris and Loretta. I'll see you both at home," Bonnie said. She gave Clare another deep kiss, which Clare returned fervently. Bonnie then dressed and headed out the door.
I squatted down next to Clare's prone form. "So, did you like your surprise?"
"Oh my God, that was fantastic. I came so many times, I'm completely whipped. Matter of fact, Terry made me the offer to visit her and she'd show me what it's like to really be whipped. That may be fun." Clare said with a grin.
I helped her up and got her dressed. As we were walking out the store Clare asked, "So, when's my next nude day showing?"
"By the way, I could use a massage when we get home."