Marcia was 27 years old and working as a secretary for a lawyer in town. This is Saturday afternoon she is at the mall shopping in Learners. She picked up a few items to try on. One of the sales ladies came to see her and opened a changing room for her. She tried on all the clothes, about 450 dollars worth she had on a 140 dollar suit. She liked it so much, she kept it on, and put her clothes in a bag she had with other outfits in it, and also put in the clothes she wanted to purchase from Learner. Marcia went to the counter and the lady there started talking to her. The cashier only thought that Marcia had the outfit she had on to pay for. Marcia gave the lady her credit card and the cashier only charged her for the outfit she had on.
As Marcia was leaving the store a man came up to her and asked her to see her purchases. The man's name was Jim; he was a security person for the store. As this particular store has had a lot of theft he was assigned to watch the entrances. Marcia gave Jim her bag and he looked through it finding the items from the store in the bag along with her old outfit. Jim asked her for the receipt. Marcia gave it to him. There was only the outfit she had on that she paid for, the others in the bag were not. Jim told her this.
She said. "No problem, I will go pay for them immediately. I did not realize that the cashier did not charge out the other outfits."
"Follow me", Jim said to Marcia he led her to his office in the back of the store. Marcia thought that he was going to put the purchases through on her credit card instead he was dialing the phone.
"What are you doing?" she asked.
"Calling the cops" he said.
She cried, "Stop you're going to ruin my reputation and I will lose my job."
Marcia said "just put it on my card."
Jim said, "Now that you got caught, it is too late." and started dialing again.
"Wait" she said "I will do anything just don't call the cops."
Jim thought about it for a while, then said, "anything?"
Without thinking she said "yes", what could she do?
He thought some more, then said to her. "I need your help, if you help me, I will pay for these items myself."
She didn't know what she was getting into, but said yes she would. Jim proceeded to tell her he was an inventor, working on miniature camcorders and remote units and he needed her help.
She felt relieved that is all he wanted her help with miniature camcorders. "Sure" she said.
Great said Jim, "I will go out to pay your bill." Before he went out to pay the bill Jim wrote out a contract for Marcia, he went out to pay the bill and she read it and signed it. He asked her what her schedule was for the next week. She told him she was available on Tuesday and Thursday nights from 5 PM until 9 PM as her husband will be in school those nights and she did not want him to know what happened to her. Jim said good Tuesday and Thursday nights it is.
On Tuesday night after Marcia got out of work she went right to the address she was given by Jim. It was in a quite neighborhood. The house was well kept with a large garage like building in the back that was where Marcia was to go. She went to the side door and rang the bell, a man she never saw before came to the door.
"Sorry," she said "I think I am at the wrong place."
The man said, "Are you Marcia?"
"Why yes," she said.
"Then come on in. I am one of Jim's helpers. He is here in the lab." He said
She followed him in the building, there was a hall with 2 rooms with windows and a large room at the end that was like a studio where she saw Jim setting up equipment.
Jim turned and said, "Hi Marcia have you met Harry?
"Not personally," she said then turned and shook his hand.
Marcia started to look around the room while Jim and Harry were setting up the equipment. They were bringing in a large TV about 60". The next item they brought out made Marcia's face turn white, it was an exam table with stirrups on it.
She called to Jim. "What is the exam table for?"
Harry told her, "We are working on camcorders to insert into a woman's vaginal and rectal orifices."
Marcia started to protest, "I am not going to do this for you!"
Jim said, "OK, I will just call the cops and tell them you stole about 300 dollars worth of clothes from Learners. Then call your husband and tell him what you did also."
She turned red, the cops she could get around, but to explain this to her husband no way.
She said with a defeated look. "O.K. what do I have to do?"
"First off," Jim said, "Why don't you go sit on the exam table."
Walking to the exam table she sat on it as instructed and they started to adjust the camcorders using her as an aiming point. She was watching the large TV. It showed her whole body, and then zoomed to a button. Jim came up to her with a hand held camcorder that looked like a vibrator with a light on it and zoomed in on the button holes. He filled the screen with that. She was sitting there, knowing that it was just a matter of time before they would tell her to undress, so they could get started for real. It was another half hour in coming.
Jim was the one that said. "Please remove your clothes so we can get started."
Marcia looked at him with tears in her eyes asking him "Do I have to do this? Please I will pay double of what everything was worth. Just don't make me do this Jim?"
Jim told her. "I need your help to test this camcorder for us, furthermore that is the only way I will give you the tape that was taken in the dressing room."
"What tape?" she said.
What she did not know was every dressing room had a camcorder in it. She was caught on tape. He had not paid for the materials either, so he just takes the tape to the police and then gives them her name. Tell them it took him time to find her. Now she was in real trouble, she had no chose.
Marcia asked him with a blush. "What do you want me to take off?"
They looked at her saying. "Everything, there is a dressing room in the back you can use."
She followed their directions and found the room. It was like a bathroom with a dressing area and a coat rack with hangers. There was a dressing gown on the hanger like a house coat. Marcia began undressing while she was looking in the mirror. She took off her blouse, bra, and pants, but left her panties on. She removed the housecoat from the rack and put it on, it did not have any buttons or a tie string on it. The housecoat was too large for her also. She turned around and looked in the mirror and saw that if she didn't hold it closed the gown opened and you could see one nipple or the other as she moved. Good thing she left her panties on.
Jim came into the dressing area as there was no door on it he said to her. "We are ready for you."
As she turned to face him the gown opened to her waist and he noticed that she had her panties still on.
"You have to remove your panties also." Said Jim.
Jim stayed in the room as she let the gown fall open and slipped her panties down while trying to keep her modesty, which didn't work.
"Turn face me and open your gown for me. Stand with your legs spread please."
She closed her eyes and with a very red face, did as she was told. Jim kneeled down between her legs and examined her vaginal area. This man she just met was using his fingers to examine her vagina. Marcia was so humiliated she was starting to cry.
"You need to shave your pubic area as you have to much pubic hair."
Wiping the tears from her eyes she turned to the sink and saw a razor with shaving cream there.
Jim asked. "You need any help?"
"NO I can take care of it myself." She said as she turned to start shaving. Marcia spread the lather on her vaginal area and started to run the razor over herself. She was both humiliated and turned on at the same time. In spite of the humiliation to come she was getting wet. Marcia could not believe this. She very carefully spread the lips of her vagina so she could shave one side at a time. Looking at her handy work with the razor she noticed moisture on her thighs and felt moisture running out of her vagina she wiped herself and hoped that she will regain her composure before she has to get on the exam table.
Marcia walked out of the dressing area to the studio standing off to one side as Jim and Harry were working on the equipment. They looked her way and saw her standing there. Harry motioned for her to come over to the exam table.
She took a deep breath and said to herself "In very few minutes they will see everything that I own laid out for them."
Jim brought over a small step stool for her to climb up onto the exam table with. She walked over trying to keep the gown closed as she walked from where the guys were standing they could see her pubic hair, what was left of it, came into view with every step she took. As she stepped onto the stool she was told to raise the gown so she wasn't sitting on it. She knew this meant that the gown was coming off in a few minutes. Raising the gown she knew she gave the two men a good view of her butt. She was very humiliated by this. Marcia sat on the table facing them trying to keep her legs closed and gown also. Both men were talking between themselves and they brought the hand held cam and put it near her bellybutton that was exposed and it filled the screen. Then they put it next to he pubic mound and the hairs looked like trees as that was the magnification that you get with the instrument.
Harry told Marcia. "Remove the robe and lay on the table."
When she removed the gown Jim came up to her and helped her put her feet in the stirrups. Marcia felt she was helpless, she is going to open up to men that are complete strangers and she was getting wet thinking about it. Jim took the hand held cam and brought it to her vagina. She was amazed; she could see the TV from her position. That was her vagina on the screen bigger than life. Marcia had never seen herself before in this way. When she was a kid she used a mirror to look at her vagina, but now she could see how pretty she looked and also how moist. This made her face turn red. Marcia is getting turned on by the intimate exposure to these men. Jim brought the cam just to the lips of her vagina and Harry did some adjusting as it was not focusing properly. Then Jim put the cam in her vagina and Marcia almost had a orgasm it felt cold, but along with the pictures she was having a good time. The cam took pictures of her cervix.
Jim looked at his watch it was 9 PM he said. "Marcia we are done for tonight. You can get dressed and go home.
Marcia went to the dressing area and got a towel to wipe herself she didn't even realize that she did not put on the robe. As she was combing her hair she was still nude and looking at herself in the mirror. Harry and Jim came in to thank her for the help tonight she didn't even bother to cover herself. They talked to her as she got dressed. She picked up her purse and left. All the way home she was feeling excited, humiliated and guilty. She was going to have to deal with the emotions so her husband would not wonder what a matter with her was.
Marcia just got out of the shower when her husband Eric got home. He took a shower and Marcia started to have sex with him as soon as he was in bed. He asked her what got into her she smiled and said to him. "I LOVE YOU." and kissed him.
Chapter 2
Wednesday went slowly for Marcia, she was thinking about Thursday night. She both wanted to go there and wanted to get over with her indenture to Jim and Harry. That night when Eric came home she had supper ready for him; he did his studying as she did clothes and some cleaning. She could not get out of her mind what will be done to her Thursday. Eric noticed that she was dressed in a short nightie tonight to do the house work; usually she has on a top and pair of jeans. She was really distracting him as she bent down to put down some clothes in the den and started folding them she was sitting across from him and she didn't have any panties on. He liked the new Marcia.
Thursday Marcia had a variety of work to do for the Lawyers. The time just flew by, before she knew it. She was punching out at 5 PM and she was out the door heading for the studio. Marcia stopped to get something to eat, then headed out, got there at about 5:45. They were waiting for her. There were 3 more Men there tonight.
Marcia asked "What is this Jim are they leaving before we start?"
"No" She was told. "These are the 3 manufacturers that are bidding on this cam to mass produce it."
Marcia was upset she just got used to Jim and Harry, but presently there are 3 more people she is going to have to expose herself to.
She was crying, Jim came over to her trying to comfort her he said. "Listen Marcia if they manufacture these units, there will be a lot of money to be made by .Harry and I. We talked about this yesterday, we are going to cut you in on 15% of the profits OK, now will you help us?" As Jim produced a new contract that was signed by both of them and then she went into the dressing area and read the contract, as she worked for lawyers she could understand them, she made a few changes that would benefit all of them and she signed it.
It didn't make it any easier for her to take her clothes off though. She was having a hard time tonight knowing that there will be 5 pairs of eyes looking at her. If she only didn't screw up at the store she wouldn't be here tonight.
Marcia removed all her clothes, then went to the mirror and checked her makeup and hair. She noticed a pimple near her left breast and she touched it up with her makeup. Laughing she though she never had to do that before, the dressing gown was on the hanger. She put it on and walked out of the room holding it closed, but as she walked you could see her pubic hair peeking out as before. Standing off to the side she was listening to Jim and Harry talk to the 3 manufacturers. They were talking about 50 million dollars in profits. She didn't know exactly how much she would get, but she knew it would be a lot of money.
Jim was the first to notice her standing there. He called her over to meet the men formally. They were George, Mike, and Gerry VPs from three different companies bidding on the hand held Endocams
After talking to the men for about 15 minutes Harry said, "Marcia it is time to get started. Please get on the table." Blushing she stepped up on the stool pulled up her gown watching the men's faces as her pubic area came into their view and sat on the front of the table facing the men, there were 3 big screen TVs in place tonight.
"We think it would be better for you to remove your gown completely today" They said to her.
She swallowed hard and did what she was told. Jim came to her and helped her put her feet in the stirrups. Marcia could feel cool air hitting her exposed vagina. Jim had her slide forward and he opened the stirrups as far as she could comfortably set in them. She felt totally humiliated having to expose herself this way, yet very turned on. Jim had Marcia reach between her legs and had her open her vagina with her fingers. He very slowly inserted the cam in her vagina, she could feel the cold instrument in her and see the interior of her vagina to her cervix on the TV s. Marcia was on the verge of coming. Tonight they had a new cam , with a hook on it and this was used to see her G spot. Jim narrated as he put the probe in her vagina. He told them to look for the different texture in the front of her vagina; the rough area was her G spot. Jim ran the probe around her G spot and she squirted all over him as she came. She was totally embarrassed and all the guys were laughing a Jim.
Marcia was still in the stirrups and everyone was around her all three guys took turns using the different probes. They would open her vagina and slide the probes in a little at a time looking at the screen as then did it. Rubbing her vaginal lips and looking for her clit and then putting it on the screen as they rubbed it to get it hard. She was becoming very aroused at this time humiliation was furthest from her mind presently she was just in need to have a cum. she was moaning loudly at this time. When the last VP took the probe he slipped it in and she came very hard and loudly screaming at the top of her lungs. She looked around and all the men had erections. She turned away and smiled to herself that will teach them to have me doing this for them. Everyone was talking, some men were talking to her, telling her how good she did and she did not even try to cover herself presently she was beyond that. All the men has seen more of her than her husband has. She was starting to enjoy this work presently, the humiliation was going and she could see that all the men appreciated her naked body.
Jim looked at his clock he told Marcia she better get dressed. Everyone helped her off the table one of the VPs Mike followed her into the dressing area and talked to her while she Fixed her hair and put on her makeup. She was still naked and had to relive herself. She went to the toilet in the corner and continued talking to Mike as she did her business. She realized what she just did, she went to the bathroom in front of Mike she doesn't even do that in front of her husband! They talked and she continued getting dressed. Marcia shook Mike's hand went into the studio and said goodbye to every one.
When Marcia got home Eric just was getting in also. They both wanted to take a shower. She suggested that they take a shower together. Eric just looked at her he wanted to do that, but didn't think that she would go along with it. They got into the shower washed each others back and before they could get out she was on her knees giving Eric a blow job. Eric was surprised at this he usually had to beg her to do this. He didn't know what was happening to her but he liked it. Marcia was finally coming out of her shell sexually she figured that her modeling for Jim and Harry is what is happening to her.
Chapter 3
The rest of the week pasted uneventfully, the weekend Marcia and Eric went out and did some work in the yard at their house. Marcia forgot about her second job until Tuesday morning when she got up. She took care in cleaning herself making sure her vagina was clean. Looking in her closet she took out a white blouse with buttons and a skirt panty hose and bra that snaps in the front so she could undress easily. She couldn't believe herself thinking what to wear so she could undress easily tonight. The day went by so slow she kept looking at the clock. Finally the day ended, she picked up her pocket book and hurried out the door.
Marcia got to the studio at 5:30 she didn't even stop to get something to eat. Jim opened the door. She walked in and went right to the dressing area.
Harry came in while she was undressing and asked her. "Have you eaten supper yet?"
She said "No."
He asked her. "Would like a meal brought in for you? Jim and I are going to order meals, as our house keeper was on vacation this week.
She said "Yes "She told him what she wanted from the menu.
They continued talking while she relieved herself he watched as she wiped herself. Marcia Threw the dressing gown over her shoulders and didn't bother to hold it closed what is the use now they have the most intimate knowledge of her body of anyone but her GYN.
The food was delivered by a boy in his late teens. Jim answered the door and he came in and waited while Harry got the money to pay him. He followed Harry and stopped in his tracks when he saw Marcia coming out of the dressing area.
She saw him and walked up to him and said "HI."
He was looking at her funny, then she realized why he was looking at her that way she was naked. She smiled and closed her robe.
His face was very red, she asked him. "What is the matter?"
He said. "I never have seen an older lady naked before."
Harry came back with the money and gave it to the kid. Marcia just let her gown hang again and was talking to Jim.
Harry asked the delivery boy. "Are you all done with work for today?"
He said. "Yes."
"Do you want to see what we are doing here? Harry asked the boy. He was from the neighborhood he was a good kid going to a community college in town.
The boy said. "Yes."
Harry asked Marcia. Would you mind if Tommy watched what we are doing here? He was in the computer technology course in college."
"Sure, as long as he does not tell everyone what we are doing here." Said Marcia.
Tommy said. "No problem, no one would believe me any way and furthermore I would not want to ruin this opportunity."
By the time they finished eating it was almost 7 PM only two hours before Marcia has to go. Tommy was asked to help out with the equipment. He set up the probes and connected them to the cameras. Marcia had taken off the dressing gown and got onto the exam table she was swinging her feet and talking to everybody that was there. She is getting very comfortable being naked.
Jim came to Marcia and told her they were going to check out the rectal probe that they just finished. He brought her into the dressing room and told her he was going to give her an enema. Marcia now got a little embarrassed because Tommy was here she thought they were going to use the vaginal probe on her. Well she will get over it she told herself as she got on her knees. Jim told her to spread her knees apart more, as he greased her rectal opening and inserted the fleet enema bottle in her. He gave her 2 quarts and then she went to the toilet and let go while Tommy and Jim were standing there.
They went back to the exam table all this time Marcia was naked. Marcia got on the table on her knees as she was told. She spread her legs when she was told. She could see that her rectal passage and her vagina was completely exposed to Tommy and he had a big erection in his pants and was very embarrassed and trying to hide it. The probe was greased with KY and inserted in her rectal opening. She was amazed how she looked on the inside. As the probe was pushed in a little further she started to feel the pressure and wanted to push it back out. Jim told her to relax, she didn't like this at all it hurt and told them as much. The probing lasted for the next half hour Marcia was getting very sore and started to cry they stopped the probing and asked her what should be done to make it feel better. Marcia said to make in flexible. It was time to for Marcia to leave.
Marcia got off the table and the three that were there followed her into the dressing room. She went to the toilet in front of them this surprised Tommy. Went to the mirror fixed her hair then got dressed while talking to them all she walked out the door and to her car. She got home before Eric and was taking a bath to relieve the pain in her rectum. Thinking about this whole thing she has gotten herself into. She got into bed and fell asleep before Eric got home not even waking when he got into bed.
Wednesday and Thursday went by with her typing a deposition for one of the lawyers in the office. Thursday at 5 PM she left to go to the studio. She didn't bother to stop for supper she had a late lunch and wasn't hungry. Got out of her car and went to the door of the studio, went in without knocking. She dressed today, so she could undress easily with a skirt, bra ,panty and blouse with panty hose.
Marcia went to the dressing area and undressed completely then checked her hair and body in the mirror. She looked at her vagina area. She noticed that she needed a shave. Marcia found the shaving cream and shaver. She was shaving her vaginal area, looked up and there was Tommy standing there. She didn't stop what she was doing only said hello to him and asked him about his day. He told her, and then she asked what he was doing there tonight. Tommy started to stutter and turn red, he said to Jim and Harry that he would like to help with this project. They told him he had to ask Marcia if it was OK with her. Marcia said yes you can help. When she was finished shaving she asked Tommy to dampen the cloth that was there with warm water and bring it to her so she could wipe of the excess soap.
Marcia went out into the studio where Jim and Harry were without bothering to put on the cover up tonight. She sat on the table to wait further instructions. Tommy came up to Marcia he looked at her very intently. Marcia asked him what the matter was. Tommy looked away then asked if he could examine her. Marcia looked at him surprised. Thought for a moment said sure. She put her feet in the stirrups and spread so he could look at her. Jim told Tom to use the probe with the hook on it and turn on the TV so he can see in her vagina. This was done and Marcia told him where to move the probe to find her g spot and after a few minutes she had a orgasm and the work did not even start yet. They all worked together to get the probes ready for another test Tuesday by the VPs of the companies.
The Days went on like the preceding commentary for a few more weeks. One of the companies gave them a price they couldn't refuse with royalties. Jim and Harry asked Marcia to work as a secretary for them and she did. The hardest part of starting work with Jim and Harry was telling her husband about her new job and also participating as she did to perfect the endocams. She showed him the amount of money that she made in royalties and her husband to her surprise was excited that she was doing this. Marcia was very stressed when her husband asked to see how the instrument works. She brought him with her to the research center that they just moved into. She went into the dressing room and removed all her clothes with her astonished husband watching her. Steeling herself as to what her husband will say she walked nude to the research area. Called to Jim and all three of the men came to her aid to show her husband how the unit worked. He loved to see his wife nude in front of all the men and her most intimate area's exposed to their view.
Tommy was hired by the group also and he started to redesign the instrument making it more effective and less expensive to make. Eric was so impressed with the equipment and enjoying the viewing of her wife nude and exposed that he asked his wife if he could work for the company as its office manager Jim and Harry thought that was a great Idea.
Even though the group could hirer other women to demonstrate the endocams Eric wanted Marcia to do the demonstration when asked. She is a millionaire at this time along with Jim and Harry. Her husband is very excited about Marcia being nude in front of strangers. He sets up the appointments for her to demonstrate the units making sure she stays nude as much as possible during the demonstration and at the research center.