BANG! I was shaken awake by the rattling of the hull, the wood planks of the dungeon beneath deck I resided in creaking and groaning as the muffled sound of shouts and screams filled the air. I heard the quiet whimpering of my fellow slave from the darkness at the other end of the dungeon, but it was too dark to see Zinnia with just the light of the waning moon shining through the portholes.
I watched as a crewmate came from the direction of her voice, only his damp underwear covering his raging hard-on as he hastily made his way up the stairs to the deck above.
BANG! It was as if the ship itself was being torn apart by some sort of monster. A kraken, slapping the ship apart with its massive tentacles? I looked out my little circular window, but could see nothing. I sighed, sitting back down, curling my knees to my chest as I simply waited. There wasn't much else to do. Hopefully it was a kraken. It would serve the slavers right to die like that, even if Zinnia and I drowned along with them, stuck in our iron cages. It wasn't like there was much to look forward to with our lives anyway, I often heard her begging for death whenever the crew came to enjoy themselves.
BANG! The ship twirled, nearly capsizing as the floor nearly turned perpendicular to the water. The second crash was the sound of my body slamming into the iron bars of my cells, my ears ringing as I screamed out in pain. I managed to look up, seeing this time little Zinnia, tears in her eyes, shouting my name. She was chained to the wall, her wrists and ankles bolted to the wood, the same way mine were when the men came to satisfy themselves, this time at least, the chains saving her from the rocking of the boat. I watched as she threw up, my eyes starting to blur. I tried to call out to her, but before I could, the ship corrected, slamming back the other way- and headfirst into the bars across from me. The last thing I heard was the cacophony of screams before everything went blank.
"...No, Merlou.. I can't let you take her..."
"...I don't care what she is......this was a ship......didn't care about damaging their goods..."
"...You can't know that!" I heard the echoes of deep, husky voice, as if it was a million miles away. I was fading in and out of consciousness. Where was I..? I was on a bed, at the very least. I hadn't felt one of those in months.
"Damn it, Merlou, they don't need this right now!" The voice.. a woman's despite how deep and throaty it was. I heard her snarl.
I managed to finally open my eyes, my eyelids fluttering as I winced, trying to adjust to the light in the small room.
"Hey, you're awake!" It was the same woman, I felt her paw on my cheek- wait, paw? My eyes finally managed to focus on the wolfbeast standing by my bed, a look of concern in her glowing yellow eyes.
"Wha.. where am I?" Panic filled me as I looked around the room, only to find no one else with us. "Zinnia! Where's Zinnia!?" My voice was hoarse, my throat scratchy as I tried to speak. I pushed off the covers, starting to get up before the wolfbeast placed her paws against my shoulders, pressing me back down onto my pillow.
"She's fine. Much better off than you. If the shifter's magic didn't flow through your blood, you would not have made it. But even still, you need to rest. You've been through a lot."
Oh thank the gods, she was alive. Relief flooded through me, only to quickly disappear once more when I realized what she had said. "Shifter.. how do you know?" I had kept it a secret all this time, scared of what the slavers would do if they knew what I was. I looked at the woman once more. She was huge, well over six feet tall and rippling with muscle. Deep gray fur covered her body, except for a small scar over the left side of her snout. She was dressed in full leather armor, the handle of a massive two-bladed axe peaking out over her shoulder.
"Do not worry about your safety, Ceri. There are only four people on this island who know. Three are sworn to secrecy, the last is Zillia." She rubbed my shoulder as she leaned forward. "Get some rest. I will explain things later."
-----
I slipped into the simple white gown that had been left for me at the foot of the bed, glancing over at myself in the mirror. I froze at the sight. I looked horrendous. I had not been able to see my own reflection since I was kidnapped.. three months ago now. My cheeks were sunken in, dark circles were etched under my haunted eyes. My blonde hair was thinning and dirty. I nearly threw up, retching, pain filling my empty stomach.
I opened the thick wooden door, stepping out into a hallway lined with many others.
"Oh, hey, Ceri!" I turned to my left, where I found the wolfbeast woman, and to my surprise, a male, even taller than her, probably at least seven tall, with his massive cock pressed between her lips. They were both naked, the male groaning as he pushed his foot long cock in and out of her mouth, past her gleaming white fangs over and over.
She placed a hand on his muscular stomach, stopping him as she got up from her knees. "Oh please, Darren, don't be so whiny. I'm sure Ulen can finish you off."
Ignoring his protests, she walked up to me, seemingly unfazed about what I had just witnessed, or her nude body on full display, the massive breasts that had been hidden behind leather armor now spilling free, her perky black nipples stiff on her furry chest.
"Rizen Lupenskrul." She offered me a furry hand, the pads of her clawed fingers calloused and firm. I shook it tentatively. She seemed nice enough.
"You're..." It came to me then, that this shouldn't be possible. The wolfbeast nation was over a year away by ship. No way could I have reached their lands so soon! I shuddered at the thought of being sold as a sex slave to one, the cock of the male she was sucking off earlier would utterly break my human form-
"A wolfbeast? Do not worry, Ceri, you are not that far north. That ship carrying you and the elf girl was spotted from our ports here on the Island of Vesna. We boarded it. I brought you two here myself."
"The Island of Vesna.." So many thoughts were swirling through my head. Vesna.. the goddess of lust. Her island was one of the most famous spots in the entire world, a haven for all races to live together, fucking as they pleased, home to the famous redlight district headed by the goddess' disciple herself. I couldn't help but feel a bit excited. How could I not? I had spent the last three months waiting for the rest of my life as a slave, and instead I had been brought here? It made sense then, why they were fucking so openly, why Rizen seemed unbothered by her state of undress. I glanced up, only then noticing the black collar hidden against her dark gray furry neck. The famous symbol here, a two sided collar. The black side meant the wearer was open to sex, the white meant they were not.
Rizen caught me looking, offering me another collar, clasping it around my neck, white side facing out. She in turn switched hers the same way as we left what I learned was the barracks. She wrapped an arm around my shoulder as she squatted down to my eye level. "Listen, Ceri. I know you know what this place is. But do not feel pressured. I have seen many traumatized by what you've been through. And I know it is dangerous for shifters to reveal themselves. I am taking you to someone who understands, who can take you in, okay?"
I nodded, blushing a bit at the empathy she was affording me. I could understand how those in my situation could become afraid of it, terrified of living in a place like this. But even without the sex, a place where all races lived together equally under a goddess was magical.
My identity, on the other hand, that was something I was still nervous about. Shapeshifters were an incredibly rare race, so much so that I had never met another one in all my years of travel. And that rarity created danger from desire. I had been friends with a woman for years, a human I had met in a town I had decided to settle down in. Yet once I had finally trusted someone, shown myself to another... the price of my body was too much for her to handle, and I was sold out to those slavers. Luckily, there had been false reports all the time, greedy people trying to cash in by claiming the person they were selling was a shifter, so I was able to feign ignorance, to pretend I was just a human. The fact that so many people on this island knew... it created a sense of dread within me.
We walked down a cobblestone path into the heart of the town overlooking the water. The buildings were all no more than three stories high, made of wood and stone, residential buildings making way for storefronts. Everything looked so normal. Except for well... I found myself both embarrassed for looking, and unable to stop myself from staring at the assortment of races going about their days. About a third of the people we saw as we walked were naked, many of which had their collars flipped to black.
Hearing an echoing moan, I turned to look down an alleyway, finding a human woman being completely ravaged by a tentacled demon, each of her holes stuffed completely with its oozing black tentacles, even more wriggling as they held her against the wall.
No other town in the world could have a scene like that be perfectly fine, not only the alleyway sex, but the comingling of demon and humankind. I felt myself growing hornier as I stared, blushing deeply as I felt Rizen pull me along.
"I'm taking you to Luke. He'll take you in, give you a job. And he doesn't make force his workers to service his clients. He's a good man."
"Is he.. is he one of the one's who knows what I am?" I asked, a bit nervous. It was still eating away at my mind, the question of the other two's identities something I wanted to solve soon.
She glanced down at me. "No, but if you learn to trust him, he wouldn't sell you out. The other two are women from the Pink Rose, Merlou and Maple. Your secret is safer with them than anyone else. Although for Maple it's because she's honorable, and for Merlou... well, you'll meet her soon enough I'm sure. She wants to hire you, to have you expose it yourself. You can ignore her." I cowered at the thought. I had only ever trusted one person with my secret, and she wants me to share it with the whole world. I'd sooner die.
She flashed her gleaming white fangs at me, her scared jaw exposing them fully. "If something happens, come to me. I'll beat the shit out of anyone who tries to take you."
-----
"Hey, furface! The sun just came up two hours ago! Go get drunk at your own place, we're not open, you stupid fuck!"
We had walked for nearly half an hour, reaching a modest barhouse at the edge of town, the name 'Morning Star' painted on the wood in faded gold letters.
"Good to see you too, Denny." Rizen said, not even looking at the girl as she ushered me forward.
I myself couldn't help but stare. She had hair as white as snow, streaks of red marking the short locks, accenting her pale horns. She crossed her arms under her absurdly large chest, pressing her cleavage up into view from her low cut sleeveless shirt that showed off her sleek but muscular frame. I noticed her collar, adorned with small spikes on the black side. It must hurt to turn it inside out- although maybe she just never did.
She grinned as we approached, her black leathery wings unfurling to block the door before us. She towered over me, but Rizen growled, looking down at the demoness. "I don't have time for your bullshit, Den. I'm going to be nice and ask you to move. I don't think you want a repeat, even when I'm not in my armor. I'm here to see Luke. For this girl." She waved a paw towards where I stood next to her as I cowered before the two women, my face pale. I was really glad at this moment that I had the warrior on my side.
"Um.. hi, I'm uh, my name's Ceri." I managed, turning my gaze away as the demon stepped forward, eyeing me up and down. "I can tell. She looks like shit. Another one you pulled from the boats? Why didn't you bring her to Maple? I'm sure she could make her look at least a little pretty."
I didn't bother responding, knowing she was right. I looked like I was dragged through hell face down right now. But I heard her name again.. Maple. She must be important here on the island.
"It wasn't just a normal trader, Den. She's lucky to still have her limbs attached. The elf she was with barely even speaks now. Stop being such a cunt and let us through." She growled the last part, her throaty voice managing to go even deeper. "Now."
Elf? Zinnia? A wave of guilt washed over me. I had forgotten about her in all this, the girl who was more important to me than anyone else in the world. She had been on the ship for over a year, broken completely, yet she still helped me. Kept me sane during my time. And I hadn't even gone to see her yet.
Rizen placed a hefty paw on my shoulder, as if she could read my thoughts. "Don't worry, you'll be able to see her soon. She's still back at the guardhouse. She needs more time to adjust." Her glowing yellow eyes turned back to Denny. "If I see you giving her shit, I will send you back to hell myself."
Denny, to her credit, didn't bat an eye, simply smirking as, after a short standoff that felt more like an hour, she pulled away from the door, her red eyes seeming to glow as she stared me down, sending a cold chill down my spine. I was grateful that it was over as we stepped into the bar.
Inside was empty, except for a single tall, middle aged man with short auburn hair, his back turned to us as he mopped the floorboards.
He turned as the door closed, creaking on rusted hinges. He gave me a quick glance, his baby blue eyes staring right through me before turning his attention to Rizen. He had dark circles under his eyes, and he leaned against his mop as if he was an old man with a cane. He gave a deep, breathy sigh before finally speaking. "I can take her. but she's the last one, I don't have room for more." I looked up at the wolfbeast as she nodded, before ushering me forward. "This is Luke, he owns the place. He can give you a job and a place to stay. Enough to keep you afloat for now." Her attention turned back to Luke. "Can you show her around? I've got business to attend to. And thanks, I owe you one."
She clapped a paw on his shoulder, almost sending him sprawling onto the ground, and without even giving him the chance to respond, turned and left, her long, thick fluffy tail brushing against my side as she walked past me. With nothing else to do, I turned my attention back to Luke. He gave me a pained smile before resting his mop against a table and turning towards a staircase at the back corner of the bar. "Come on, I'll show you to your room. What's your name?"
-----
Rizen cracked her neck, stretching out her powerful limbs as she turned towards Denny, using the few extra inches of height she had over her as much as she could as she placed a clawed finger beneath the demon's chin, raising her gaze up to hers. With her other hand, she flipped her collar back the other way as she licked her lips. "You turn into a right cunt if no one stops by to put you in your place every once in a while, huh? Have you forgotten last time? You seemed to shut up rather nicely after that."
She placed her massive paw around Denny's neck, ignoring the small spikes on her collar as she pressed her up against the wall of the bar. Denny didn't react to being handled so roughly, instead talking back as if it hadn't happened at all.
"I haven't forgotten.. but you seem to have forgotten your strap-on, furface. Even after working out every day, you still needed that fifth limb to hold me in place, remember? Or did all that muscle block out the tiny bit of brains you had left?"
"Says the one with demon blood. You'd be a submissive little bitch without all that power you got for free. And you're still mine with it."
"The dog calls me a bitch? Cute. What do they say? All bark and no bite?" Denny pressed her fingers through the fluffy mane under Rizen's chin, giving it a mocking scratch.
She growled, throwing the demon to the grass before landing on top of her, her paws pinning her wrists into the dirt below. "Try me." The wolfbeast's eyes glowed with sadistic fury as she bit down onto Denny's neck, her massive jaw allowing her sharp fangs to scratch down all the way to her collarbone.
But instead of crunching down, which the wolf could have done easily, she doesn't even draw blood, simply nibbling and marking her neck with her teeth. Rizen closes her eyes as she bites and licks, her paws dropping from her wrists down to her waist, where she tucked her claws into the waistband of the demon's rugged and torn shorts, pulling them and her panties down onto her knees.
Denny, not one to miss an opportunity, breaks free of Rizen's hold, grunting as she topples the wolf onto her back before standing up over her, quickly kicking off her shorts and panties before pulling off her top, exposing her enormous breasts to the cold morning air, her nipples stiffening from the breeze. Denny drops to the grass on top of Rizen, pressing her knee up against the wolf's furry entrance, grinding it against her slit as she takes fist fulls of her furry mane, holding her down as she leans in, licking the inner edges of her ear, something that evidently, she had learned was a soft spot for the seasoned warrior.
"Look at you.. like a bashful little puppy for your owner~" She whispered as she licked, nibbling on the soft membrane as her mouth slowly moved downwards, her knee pressing harder and harder up into Rizen's pussy. She bared her teeth, but didn't respond, knowing they could both feel her wetness starting to leak, smell her lust as it stained her fur.
Rizen growled, grabbing both of the demon's horns and swinging her entire body off her, once more taking the top position. Her hot breath washed over Denny's face as she drooled down onto her, her eyes gleaming. "What can I say.. such easy prey makes me horny~" The wolf pulled her up off the ground by her horns, turning her own back towards the wall of Luke's bar. Dripping with desire, she spun Denny around, pushing her back against her fluffy chest as she locked one massive arm around the demon's neck, holding her still as her other paw started to wander over her naked body, her claws tickling against her bare skin as they grazed along her abs.
By this point, a small crowd had gathered on the outskirts of the town, two women and four men of varying races all watching the display, albeit from a safe distance. Two of the men had sat down on the dirt road, stroking their cocks as they watched on intently.
Rizen grinned, flashing her sharp teeth to the spectators as she held Denny's body in front of her own, her feet just barely suspended over the ground by the wolf's armbar. Her tongue slipped out of her maw, slowly licking up the side of the girl's cheek, before mockingly licking her ear as she had done to her before.
"Let's put on a good show for our spectators, huh Den?" Her voice was dripping with smugness as she slowly lowered herself and the demon to the ground, setting her on her lap as she rested her back against the wall.
"Normally you'd make these poor folks pay to see your ridiculously lewd body.. I'm just doing charity work. Look how much they enjoy your outrageously fat tits, girl." Her arm came up to grip one of her perky boobs, her paw looking small in comparison as she held its weight in her claws, her thumb teasing the demon's sensitive nipple as she rubbed and groped her chest.
"You... stupid mutt!" Her red eyes glowed with anger as she tried to shake off the wolf, her hands clawing at her arm, her wings flapping in her face as she struggled, but it was no use. The onlookers appeared uneasy for a second as her gaze found them, but it wasn't long before they kept enjoying themselves. One of the women, a chocolate skinned gorgon with shining black scales had begun to touch herself, her lower body coiling as her hands mimicked Rizen's groping on her own breasts, smaller though they were.
"Settle down, bitch~" Rizen growled in her ear, before lowering her gaze to her neck. She opened her maw, her sharp fangs dripping with saliva as she wrapped them around the demon's neck dropping her arm as she grazed her jugular, her teeth leaving tiny white scratch marks along her vitals.
Her arms instead hooked underneath Denny's legs, pulling her legs up and apart for all the onlookers to see her leaking juices. Both of her paws began groping at her monstrous tits, sinking into the pillowy flesh as she held their weight, massaging them like a gentle lover.
Denny couldn't help herself. Rizen was simply too experienced, too well versed in making her body do as she pleased, making her sing with pleasure - a small moan escaping her lips as the wolfbeast tortured her curvy body without missing a beat.
The wind must have carried the sound, because all restraint was gone in the group of onlookers. The other girl, a small human woman, had begun to ride one of the men who was just sitting down watching, a younger pureblooded demon, with deep scarlet skin and massive horns. She was rubbing her clit furiously as she watched Denny get humiliated, bouncing up and down on the man's large cock in reverse cowgirl.
Denny no longer resisted as Rizen's claws began to drop from one of her breasts, and find its place between her exposed legs. Realizing the demon was no longer resisting, she pulled away from her neck with a satisfied smile. "You're lucky it's just my finger this time, Den." She mocked, reminding her of the strap-on she had pounded her with before as she plunged into her soaked pussy, her sheer size as a wolfbeast allowing her to push deeper with a single claw than some men could dream of going with their cocks.
She leaned forward, her long tongue licking along the bitemarks she had left on Denny's collarbone before as she finger-fucked her, her incredibly strength allowing her to shake the girl's entire body with just the force from her forearm. It hadn't even been a minute, and her juices were already soaking into Rizen's fur. She looked up for just a moment as she heard the loud screams of a woman's orgasm- it seemed the demon's cock and the eye candy had been enough to send her over the edge - before turning her attention back to Denny, savoring the sweet, quiet moans coming from the mouth of the most loud and abrasive girl she knew.
Minutes passed before the demoness finally approached the edge, her voice becoming more breathy, her body fighting back less and less against Rizen's assault until finally, she exploded, moaning loudly as her body shook from the power of her orgasm, her cum staining Rizen's paw as she rode it out before setting her down, licking her claws clean.
She stood up, dumping Denny's body onto the grass, giving it a playful kick before she turned. "About time I get ready for duty, Den. You'll be eating me out 'til your jaw falls off when I'm done, 'kay?"
She smirked as she walked away, and past the group of onlookers, not giving them a second glance as she headed back for the barracks. The sun shone on her black fur as she strutted through the streets of town, leaving the demon on the ground in a mix of rage and bliss.
~
~
Special thanks to my supporters for helping create the characters!