Once again we return to hear about Gary Roldern, the retired, divorced and rather under endowed ex policeman who happens to like gardening. Indeed not only does he like to garden but has a garden and in that garden is a shed.
A shed, as recounted in the eponymous 'The Garden Shed,' where he was wont to daydream about women and the naughty things one could, companionably, do with them. Daydreams accompanied by a little personal handwork. In the sequel, 'Inside the Garden Shed,' Gary moves, with the enthusiastic assistance of some of his neighbours, from mere day dreaming to the real thing - though he does not completely neglect his hand! This new story continues his somewhat improbable but nonetheless very enjoyable adventures in and around his garden and, certainly, in and around the 'perfumed gardens' of his growing band of friends:
Chapter 1 - Hi, ho, hi, 'hoe' and off to work we go
Probably there are a lot of naked gardeners out there in the great outdoors; probably more than you think - after all you may well be one of them! Perhaps clandestine, perhaps gardening with friends, perhaps sharing a mutual interest in propagation and healthy recreation. All across Suburbia there may be men and women who prefer to garden - when it is warm and sunny anyway - without the encumbrance of clothes. Do mind those stinging nettles and make sure you are not overlooked - or that your neighbours are of a similar mind!
Gary Roldern was a naked gardener and, given his garden was not at all overlooked he liked to garden naked. He was too good a gardener to let weeds like stinging nettles grow and he maintained the garden very well even if he did not have other naked gardeners to share it with. Not perhaps naked gardeners but the odd naked woman. At least one of his neighbours seemed to be of a similar mind about nudity and the great outdoors. Zoe, the young mother to one side of Gary's house quite liked to be naked in her garden and sometimes even came around to see Gary just like that.
Of course being naked can be completely innocent, just a pleasant oneness with nature, but Gary had always been of two minds about that idea. He liked being naked and he also liked sex. Luckily so did Zoe, though she did not often let it go 'all the way.' She preferred friendly masturbation; each sitting watching the other as their fingers played. It had not always been like that and Gary had a few times got to go 'all the way' when Zoe wanted to get pregnant. Her otherwise virile and much loved husband did not have very fertile sperm. Perhaps it was the way Gary kept his testes cool but Gary's semen seemed quite the opposite in effect...
If you were to look, as Zoe remarked, at a pool of Tom's semen in one hand and a pool of Gary's in the other, both freshly gathered, you would not notice the difference - except, perhaps, that Gary's would be a much larger pool! Gary did have a bit of tendency to cum in quantity even if his delivering member was abnormally small. Small in length but not in girth. It was a stubby but chubby thing, if that is an acceptable description. In the intimate basics the girl would certainly know it was in - even if it did not travel very far!
Many men have sheds, and use them for all sorts of things: not just gardening. Perhaps for a model train set, perhaps for woodworking or boat building and, if you are fortunate enough to have two sheds you might, just possibly, you never know, compose a symphony in one of the sheds...
Gary used his shed for thinking and gardening. Sometimes the thinking could take a particularly erotic turn and there had been many happy times when he had sat in his old chair in his shed and just masturbated to his thoughts - a pleasant interlude, a rest even, from his gardening. And, more than that, he had actually fucked Zoe in that shed and also their young friend Zara, the university student, as well. The shed had seen more than a little naughtiness. It could have told tales.
The naked gardener sat in his shed on a hot summer's day taking a rest from his gardening labour, the sweat beginning to rise in the heat of the shed as he thought back over the previous year. What fun he had experienced first with Zoe and then with naughty Zara. It was still a wonder to him how he, a late fifties retired policeman, could be enjoying the bodies of not just a thirty year or so old mother but a not yet twenty teenager. It was difficult to see what they really saw in him - not that he was complaining whilst it lasted. Both seemed to have got an original thrill by spying on him not just naked but with an erection as well. Erections happened. Were they visually stimulating to women? Gary's ex wife had always been disparaging. Not just of Gary's abnormally short member but of men's tackle in general; of how ridiculous they looked 'flopping around like that' or sticking up in the air 'like a coat peg,' and not a very big one: yet she had gone off with a well endowed man which, looking back, had been the one good thing of their later marriage - the going off, not the endowment!
Zara as a young girl had peeked from the shed, from the very place he was now, and had watched Gary working away naked. Certainly the window afforded a good view of the garden. It had become a game for her and more recently it had developed into an adult game. The sort of adult game Gary had enjoyed thinking about and now participating in.
Gary wondered if there was another shed nearby where he could sit and enjoy watching naked gardeners at work. Always good to watch others at work, of course, but he also had a high appreciation of the female form and would, most certainly, enjoy watching a well formed woman. Perhaps the waggle of fine child bearing hips when the woman walked down the garden, the sway of her bottom or the way her boobs bounced free as she gardened or hung pendulous as she leant forward weeding. Perhaps she would run for the 'phone, ringing away in the house, or just hurry up the garden for something and there would be the marvellous sight of unrestrained breasts bounding - nipples pointing up, down, all over the place. A joy to menfolk everywhere!
Perhaps there might be two women - lots of breasts to admire (well four actually) - or a man with the woman. Nice too to see a fine figure of a man, especially if the warmth of the garden led to a natural reaction. Gary liked to feel his own cock rise in the warmth of the garden, liked to think thoughts and stay erect as he worked for a while and did not mind seeing another man feeling similarly happy with the garden - he was not ungenerous by nature - especially if perhaps the woman took hold and it all lead to coitus in the open. Gary was as happy to watch copulation as the next man; happy to see another man have an erection because it might very well lead to such activity; nice to see it being used in conjunction with a woman; happy to sit in a shed and wank away as he watched, happy to come as they did - a vicarious joining in of their orgasm before secretly slipping away leaving the couple with no idea their fun had been observed.
Gary smiled at his thoughts and looked down and there indeed was his own penis standing up and looking back up at him, the foreskin all peeled back and his knob looking shiny and big. As all men do, Gary wondered what it would be like to suck his own cock but, alas, it is something few can do because we are just not flexible enough. A disappointment for teenage boys. The knob remains elusively inches too far away - and, of course, for Gary that was an extra three inches away compared to the average man.. Absolutely no chance for Gary! No, he had to rely on someone else sucking it - and he was more than happy for the girls to do that. He was sure they did it better than he would!
Did Melanie Evans and her husband Harry garden naked? They lived across the way, across the little private green loke that ran between the backs of some of the houses in his street and those backing on to them in the next street. Gary had no idea whether Melanie and Harry did garden naked but he would certainly be more than happy to see the forty something woman in the buff with trowel or dibber in hand.
A dibber is a pointed or rounded stick for planting seeds, bulbs or young plants, particularly leeks, which need to be deep planted after having been started off in the seed bed. Often made from a broken off spade handle and then rounded at the end, they can be quite phallic at the business end. So to Gary the idea of Melanie Evans with this, dildo like, implement in her hand was quite amusing. Indeed, quite erotic.
The naked gardener would be very happy to watch Melanie and Harry naked in their garden and especially so if they became frolicsome. He wondered if they had a shed and whether like his own it surveyed their garden. Gary chuckled quietly at the idea of him getting up as he was and going to find out. Stepping first out of his shed and then into the loke with his erection before him before opening the gate leading into their garden and sneaking in to explore. The thrill of being out and about not just exposed but tumescent. So hoping to find no one there but there being such a risk that Melanie or Harry would be down the garden and see him. The awful embarrassment.
Gary imagined turning a corner and seeing Melanie there. Perhaps with that dibber in hand. A raised eyebrow, "Why hallo, Gary, I did not expect to see you. Yes, fairies at the bottom of the garden, gnomes maybe but naked, um," her eyes meaningfully dropping, "erect men - no. " Perhaps she would ask if he needed help with his problem. He could imagine himself standing as a fully clothed Melanie took him in hand. Gary was happy to imagine that. It was very much in line with his masturbatory fantasies of old and, naturally he began stroking his already hard penis. He imagined her bringing him off so his semen dropped pitter-patter on the warm, perhaps freshly dug, ground. "Is that better now?" A little more strange if Harry was standing there leaning on his spade and watching with an amused and understanding smile.
Or perhaps, undiscovered, reaching the shed, if there was a shed, finding it not only unlocked but possessing a nice view of the garden and then seeing one or other of them in the garden. The risk that they might come to the shed and discover him, the likelihood they would be clothed after all but the chance they were not - well at least in his imagination. The excitement of watching them naked and perhaps see them do sexual things. Melanie perhaps holding Harry's dibber... How nice to watch Melanie kneel and suck Harry as he fondled her large breasts.
Fuck! Gary had almost let himself come. His hand had been pleasantly busy thinking of Melanie and her breasts being fondled. Gary stood, his penis tingling and delightfully 'on the edge.' It was hot and sweaty in the shed. His thoughts were not getting the gardening done! He opened the door and stepped out. There was no way he was actually going to risk going out into the loke like that, let alone explore Melanie's garden (and he liked the sexual allusion - digging around in her bush). Instead he walked proudly erect, if a little stumpily, down his garden in the warm sunshine, his thick, shiny, slightly leaking knob pointing the way to a cup of tea. It had not subsided by the time he reached the house - which just showed how pleasing the image of Melanie's breasts was!
Gary had never, ever seen anybody else in the loke. It was a total shock to him to step out the next day and find Melanie Evans there. He was so lucky that he just happened to have a tee shirt on, indeed a long one at that, which gave him the appearance of respectability. He might, just might, have had, to the casual observer, a short pair of shorts on under the long hem of the tee shirt. In fact he had nothing underneath, his equipment was dangling free but hidden.
He had only put the shirt on because the sun was particularly fierce. The shirt left him with almost the feeling of nakedness, certainly the comfortable feeling of his genitalia hanging free. It was a lot cooler having nothing on down below, much cooler than a pair of pants and some shorts. He knew about such things! Gary had gardening shoes and an old straw hat on as well. Yes, he was plausibly respectable, if rather tattily and eccentrically dressed. The gardening shoes were not new, the straw hat had seen better days and the tee shirt was not in the first flush of youth. He did not scuttle back into his garden or give the slightest hint there was anything worrying him, he just greeted Melanie with typical pleasantries about the weather and gardening.
Melanie was chatty - never seen you out here before (Gary was alarmed to hear she went into the loke at all, what with the occasional naked forays by both Zoe and himself between gardens), what a hot day it was, how lovely the summer was being, how Harry was away on one of his long business trips and did Gary fancy a cup of tea?
And so it happened that Gary found himself, instead of hurrying back for a pair of shorts, walking up Melanie's garden in just his tee shirt - very much as if he was wearing a rather short tee shirt dress. Melanie was indeed in a dress but it was longer and she was a woman after all! Gary hoped the slight bulge at his front did not betray his lack of pants particularly the free way it moved.
There he was, a few moments later, sitting at Melanie's kitchen table, the shortness of his shirt and the nearness to the hem of certain 'things' thankfully now safely hidden. He would have to be careful standing up though. He would need to ensure Melanie was looking the other way as he yanked the tee shirt as low as it would go.
It was lucky his shoes had not been muddy, bending to take them off would have exposed his lack of shorts very clearly and possibly with a considerable loss of dignity!
Tea and cake. How very nice in the afternoon. How jolly to be chatting away to Melanie. A fine looking woman with, Gary could not but notice (and he had before) she had a large pair of 'knockers' and her loose summer dress did nothing to hide the cleavage.
Under the table Gary could feel himself stir.
"I suppose you don't get much sex nowadays."
What? The conversation had taken a funny turn. Gary took it as a reference to his ex wife. "Not really for a long time, actually, long before the break up, actually, you know..." He trailed off uncertain what more to say
"Poor you."
Well, if Melanie was being sympathetic then he was happy to expand. It was not exactly as subject he was disinterested in, she was a married woman after all and would know about such things and so he ventured in a very matter of fact way. : "Oh, me and my hand are well acquainted - since I was a boy actually!" Gary was being more than a bit personal but he was interested in what Melanie might say in reply. They were after all adults and not innocent of the way of the world.
Melanie laughed with him. "You men! Even married I still sometimes can feel the bed move when Harry does that 'thing.' Women are not so obsessed and don't, well, you know..."
Gary knew very well, but he was not so sure about the 'don't.' Zoe seemed very happy with the 'you know.'
Under the table his tee shirt was fully tented and, worse, one twitch and the material fell away and his erection was standing completely exposed under the table. Had Melanie dropped something and bent to pick it up she might, had she looked at Gary's legs, got a bit of a shock.
"Still retired?"
"Yep, haven't looked for another job. The garden and the golf keeps me busy."
"Harry and I are off to Corfu for a fortnight, would you mind keeping an eye on our garden; watering it and things; we'd pay you."
"Beer money's useful! Happy to do that. When are you off?"
"Thursday early! Harry comes back from a business trip and we are straight off. More tea?"
Melanie lent over the table as she poured. Gary could not help glancing down her dress into her cleavage, her big breasts hanging and opening up her dress - the sort of sight a man really likes and actually Gary could see quite a lot. All that smooth curvy skin and so plump... It did nothing for his erection. How was he to get away back home when the time came?
He was not sure whether Melanie had seen where his eyes had been but she did give him a 'look' - well it was almost involuntary for men to look at such things. Hardly inappropriate really - so natural, like getting thirsty.
Talk carried on but seemed to do little to ease Gary's 'problem.' That cleavage remained very much in sight. He was saved literally by the bell. The telephone rang.
"You answer that Melanie and I'll be off - no, I'll see myself out."
No sooner was Melanie out of the door to the hallway than Gary was on the move. Not even pausing to slip his cock under his shirt he was out of the kitchen and hurrying down the garden path. As so often with him, his erection was pointing the way, sticking out and lifting the front of his tee shirt - pointing the way to his escape route in this case!
Gary dropped into his old chair in his shed. That had been nice but a close thing. He would so have loved to play with those breasts. They had looked so plump and enticing. Good handfuls. He wondered about the nipples and what they were like. It was nice to be able to stroke himself now. His erection had been with him all the way down Melanie's path, out into the loke and on into his shed. It would not have done in Melanie's kitchen - not have done at all to wank with her present even though she had, and he had been surprised at that, alluded to such activity!
Gary imagined himself back in the kitchen but Melanie discovering his erection - in a nice way. "What has brought that on. Gary?" "Do let me see, properly. Stand up and lift your shirt! What has caused that - is it these?"
Gary could imagine Melanie lifting her big breasts right out of the top of her dress and presenting them to him as he stood with his erection revealed. That would not make it go down. Not one little bit! "Do you like them, Gary?" "No touching - I'm a married woman you know - they're for Harry."
Gary's hand moved as he imagined his erection squashed between them. It was his daydream. It was hardly likely he was going to imagine Melanie not letting him do something! In his mind her reticence changed. "You can cum on them if you like - I like seeing a man cumming. I'd like to see you wanking."
Would she? Well in Gary's head she did!
"You'd better take your dress off - I wouldn't want to..."
"Gary Roldern - what a suggestion!" But, nonetheless in his mind, she pulled it over her head and knelt. Nice to have a woman kneeling to the front of you. Melanie kneeling naked with her big boobs waiting to be masturbated over.
"It's a lot bigger up close, so thick and, can I say it, what a magnificent knob! I'm just so tempted to lick it - but should I wait until the cum is running?"
Gary imagined Melanie's face up close and her big breasts below wobbling slightly as she breathed.
It was all a bit much for him, already worked up by being close to Melanie, and as his ejaculation erupted in the warmth of his shed he imagined it, rather than splattering on his tummy, falling on Melanie's breasts, dripping from her nipples before her head moved and her mouth engulfed his penis and drank.
Tuesday came and in late afternoon, really early evening Gary got himself ready to do some gardening at Harry and Melanie's. It was still hot but the sun was less fierce and he thought it was time to water their garden. A nice thing to do on a summer's evening just move the hose around watering plants. No risk of Melanie in the loke as she had flown away that very morning - her remembered her saying they were off on Tuesday - and, with Harry and Melanie away, no real reason to bother with clothes. He had watered his own garden naked and could not really be bothered to go into his house and find some clothes. He had, after all, been naked the whole day - bar his sun hat and gardening shoes.
Fork in hand, Gary stepped into the loke and through Melanie's gate, turned the corner where the lawn started and stopped dead. He was not alone. He was stark naked in Harry and Melanie's garden and there Melanie was sitting on her garden bench looking at him and looking as shocked as he was. Two people absolutely frozen, just staring at each other. It might have been his nudity but Gary thought that was only part of the reason. Melanie was as naked as he was, more so arguably as her legs were open and giving rather an intimate view. Perhaps she had been doing some gardening because she had a garden hoe in her hand, business end towards Gary.
But the hoe was certainly not in current use for gardening because the rounded handle end was hidden, hidden inside Melanie. It was like an enormously long wooden dildo with the metal end dug a little into the grass and the other end so obviously stuffed up inside Melanie's vagina. Gary could see how it went in, could see the exposed sex clasped around it, could see Melanie's pinkness shining in the low evening sun, could see it seeming to be gripping the invading pole. Obviously she had been working against it, hence its reason for being pushed into the ground but it meant she was effectively impaled, yes stuck and unable to rise from the seat. Caught good and proper - but so was Gary. It was Melanie's garden after all.
It was an erotic sight. Melanie, forty something and with a rather voluptuous body all revealed in the warm evening sunshine and what was more, with a rather large wooden dildo very obviously 'in place'. Gary responded manfully. It did not seem necessary as it had under the kitchen table to hide his appreciation.
"I thought..."
"I said Thursday not Tuesday." Melanie closed her legs but not really lessening the obvious use being made of the pole. "You haven't any clothes on." It was a statement of the obvious.
"Nor do you."
"But it's my garden."
Did Gary retreat - not if he could help it. "I thought you said women didn't..."
She was such a lovely shade of red.
"Sometimes, oh, this is awful, I..."
"Not awful, I'm sure it's really lovely - novel I'd call it. Quite a, um, 'tool,' certainly!"
The joke broke the ice.
"It's my great grandfather's. I remember it as a little girl and when I got to puberty I remember looking at the big smooth end and thinking... well it did look like a, um, you know, and one day... well... and I was using it again today in the garden and thought... Gary, really you should not be doing that."
It was almost subconscious but Gary had been sliding his foreskin.
"I really don't know whether to leave it in or take it out. What would be polite?" It was a funny question. Was it less embarrassing to stay as she was or pull the rounded, no doubt wet end, out?
Gary sat on the other end of the seat, his stumpy erection pointing up at the blue sky.
"I garden naked. It's what I do. With you away, I did not really think."
"But I'm not away - I'm in."
"Yeah," said Gary, "I can see you are in - or something is.".
A double meaning - again. He pressed on, "Sorry, I thought you said Tuesday. Sorry."
Despite the jokes there was a bit of an uncomfortable silence.
"Perhaps I'd better be going and leave you to... um... it."
Melanie did not quickly agree to the suggestion so Gary thought he'd try and see if things could progress a little further. There was no harm in trying.
"Why don't you just carry on and I'll do my own thing here."
"I'm a married woman you know, I don't want to..."
Just the words from his daydream!
"No, no touching; just companionable masturbation. So nice in this warm evening sunshine." And it really was warm and the low sun gave such a pleasant yellow glow to everything - particular pleasant, actually, how it fell on Melanie's skin.
"Hmmm, yes, so nice to feel the warm sun on your bits." Her legs opened a little.
Melanie was looking at his cock now.
"I'm afraid it's rather small. Always been my problem."
"Thick though and, err, should I say it, well, why not in the circumstances, it's got such a nice big knob as well!"
Again the daydream.
"Can I compliment you also. They are some pair."
"I saw you admiring them in the kitchen."
"Sorry, I didn't think you'd noticed, but they were worth admiring - are worth admiring!"
Gary was coming up trumps again. There he was, able to see Melanie in the flesh. For real, not just imagining in his shed. Something he had actually always wanted to do. A very rounded woman, not chubby like Zoe, but plenty of her. Not much sag to her fine big breasts, wide hips, a firm stomach and a very pleasing patch of curly fair hair. And if he was being particularly intimate what an impressively pronounced clitoral hood showing above the wooden pole sticking so obviously into her, and, with a sidelong glance, how nicely her inner lips seemed to grasp the wood. Gary was certainly taking the opportunity of looking. He was looking forward to seeing the wooden pole slide!
"Shall we?"
Gary began slowly wanking by way of encouragement and, to his delight, Melanie did not repeat her 'you should not be doing that but, instead, began moving on the pole. She was not moving the thing in and out by hand as you might with an ordinary vibrator but was moving her whole body against the invading pole; her bottom slid on the seat as she moved on the wooden handle; it was difficult to judge how much was in her - as much as she wanted of course - there was plenty to spare, after all. And of course as she moved so did her big breasts. Big wobbly breasts are pleasing to the eye.
"I'd been moving the whole bench actually."
Gary stood and, pushing with her feet, Melanie made the whole seat - a wooden bench with room for three, rock a little backwards and forwards and as she did it the wooden pole moved in and out of her just like a penis might do. Not her moving against the pole but it against her. The actual movement of the bench gave it much more 'play' and with its metal end planted in the ground it was not being pushed away. As it went in and out Gary found himself wanking in time. This was a new thing - synchronised wanking!
So nice to watch Melanie's naked body in motion, to see great grandfather's 'tool' at work, the now shiny end slipping up into Melanie and out again, lovely to see her big breasts moving, lovely to see the sweat glistening on her skin - from the hot day and the stimulation. How nice it would be to ease Melanie off her pole and replace it with his own thick fleshy pole and make that slide in the slippery orifice until he came. Would she actually resist? Probably.
"I can't really believe I'm doing this but it makes me extra excited. I think I'm going to come. You keep your distance Gary or I think I might just grab your prick. Fuck, it's so thick, thicker than this hoe and what a fucking big knob. Are you going to come?"
Bedroom talk from Melanie - exciting. Too exciting...
With a bit of panting rather than a groan, Gary's hand speeded on his cock. He could not hold it back so he was making it good. He came standing with Melanie staring. His head went back and his mouth dropped open as the first pulse came. It was of course a lovely feeling and doing it standing exposed, watched and appreciated in the evening sunshine was something else. Gary looked down and saw the subsequent spurts leave his knob to fly across the lawn and splatter on the grass. Tempting of course to move so as to come over Melanie, like in his daydream, but she had not asked or given permission.
"Fuck, Gary, all that spunk!" And Melanie was coming. Gary could see that. Lovely to watch a woman in the throes of orgasm. Lovely to hear her being crude. See her face betraying the feelings.
Gary stood there, cock in hand - a cock still dripping - looking at his delightful, across the way, neighbour; her eyes closed in post orgasmic bliss; completely naked and with the enormously long wooden dildo still impaling her - stuffed in her open and very wet sex.
Her eyes flicked open, "That was good, that was fucking good, Gary. And..."
Melanie was looking from his cock to the ground. "I don't think Harry could do that. So much and - so far."
Melanie was clearly impressed by the distance Gary's cum had shot.
"I thought you were weeing for a moment! You wouldn't half fill a girl up!"
Gary shrugged. "I've a small penis but it works quite well I suppose."
"It'd be funny to watch you both and compare. Do men do that? Did you when you were young?"
"What, compare ejaculations?"
"Mmmm, yes."
"No!"
"Even when young? I can imagine boys doing that!"
"Well, not me certainly."
"Could you help me back with the seat so I can escape. I'm rather stuck like this!"
Yes stuck, wonderfully stuck!
Gary walked behind Melanie and held the garden seat as she pushed right back preventing her toppling over. She looked so vulnerable and sexy like that. The pole was removed. Gary liked the way its end shone in the sunshine - shining with Melanie's intimate wetness. Nice seeing great grandfather's 'knob' come out. Everything so visible. It too was slightly bulbous at the end - he could see why Melanie had first thought of it as phallic.
"I'll have to tell Harry - of course."
"Oh."
"He'll be amused to hear you came around a day early and had 'forgotten' your clothes. Still whilst we are away I cannot see any harm in you doing our garden like that. You can carry on now if you like. I'll bring you a cup of tea later."
"Please."
"I just can't think of the embarrassment if you had come around clothed and found me like this with my great grandfather's hoe up my... you know."
"And lovely you looked too."
"Hmmm. No best you came like that... and didn't you come!"
She was chortling as she walked back up her garden to her house. A fine bottom nicely waggling from side to side but not enough to raise Gary's penis - not that soon after coming! He smiled to himself as he watched. He was pretty chuffed at what had happened. A fantasy become real. Perhaps there might be other opportunities. At worst it meant he might have future opportunities to be naked with her. At best... ah yes, at best!
He looked around the garden. Perhaps he might start with some weeding rather than grass cutting - after all there was a, no doubt blacksmith forged, hoe to hand. A good tool for the job. He reached and his hand settled on the wet end. Nice!
Melanie was no longer naked when the tea came. A summer dress hid her charms and it was slightly odd to be sitting with her at a garden table drinking tea whilst he was completely naked.
"You didn't have anything under that tee shirt did you?"
Gary knew exactly what Melanie meant - she was referring to his earlier visit.
"No."
"Thought not!"