I discover the real me - and I like it.
by Vanessa Evans
Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
*****
My alarm woke me at 7:45 am and I jumped out of bed. I was looking forward to being naked in front of different guys, and showing off Tracey as well.
I got ready and went out into the corridor to wait for Tracey but she was already there, as naked as I was and holding her shower bag and towel.
"Morning," I said, "change of plans but it's nothing to worry about. Ethan told me to go to the third floor and the alternate between first and third floors each morning."
"Okay," Tracey replied, "I didn't get much sleep thinking about it and I brought myself off 3 times during the night thinking about this."
"Relax, it will be good, if there aren't many guys there I'll go and knock on lots of doors and shout 'shower time'."
"Are you trying to scare me or make me laugh."
We walked to the stairwell then up the stairs and out onto the boy's corridor and immediately heard a male voice shouting,
"Naked girls in the corridor."
It was only a short distance to the boy's bathroom but by the time we got there there must have been a dozen boys in the corridor watching us.
"I'm scared." Tracey whispered.
"It will be fine Tracey, try and relax." I replied.
When we walked into the bathroom we got another shock, 2 actually. Firstly there must have been a dozen boy's in there, and secondly, there were no shower cubicles. The shower area was all open and 4 guys were showering.
"How come it's so busy? It's only 8 am." I said, not expecting Tracey to be able to answer me.
"We're all off to see the big game and a coach will be here in 45 minutes." One of the nearby boys said.
"Thanks." I replied, turning and looking at the boy who had obviously just got out of the shower because he was still naked and wet. And his cock looked like it was rising.
I motioned for Tracey hang her towel on the hooks on the wall and after we'd both done so we walked into the shower. The 4 guys in there had stopped showering and were just stood there watching the 2 naked girls walk towards them.
"Hi there." I said, Mind if we join you?"
They didn't answer so we went to where there were 2 free shower heads and I turned them on.
Those 4 guys and some of the ones outside the shower watched as Tracey and I first showered, then washed our hair, then shaved ourselves. I shaved my pussy first, spreading my feet and leaning over to watch what I was doing to make sure that I got everywhere and didn't have an accident. Of course that gave our audience a look at more of my pussy.
Tracey was doing the same long before I was finished.
During our final rinse I looked at Tracey and as she looked back at me I raised my hands and reached for her tits. As we looked into each other's eyes 4 hands were fondling 4 tits. Then our hands worked their way down and soon we were rubbing each other's pussies.
Not surprisingly, our audience were enjoying the show. All 4 cocks in the shower were hard and 1 of them was getting wanked by its owner.
Tracey had obviously been as turned on by our show as I had and it wasn't long before both of us were shaking and cumming to the sounds of water pouring down on us and the cheering from the audience.
As we both regained our composure my head went forward and I kissed Tracey on the lips. She reciprocated and we had a long kiss before we turned and walked back to our towels.
We got offers to dry us but we ignored them, got dried then left.
We both started giggling as soon as we got onto the stairwell and we happily skipped back to my room where we collapsed onto my bed.
When our giggling stopped and we got our breath back Tracey turned onto her side and looked at me.
"That was totally awesome. And we're going to do that every morning aren't we Dani?"
I nodded my head then watched Tracey's head come to mine and we kissed again, this time more passionately. Our hands started caressing tits then pussies then Tracey broke the kiss, got up, moved her feet to near my head then got down into the 69 position where we both ate the other's pussy until we both orgasmed again.
Collapsing next to me to recover, Tracey finally said,
"I've never done anything like that before, not even with a boy."
"Neither have I, are you sure because you sure as hell were good at it."
"So were you Dani."
"I guess that both of us are naturally good at it."
We both lay there looking at the other's pussy for ages before I finally got up and told Tracey that I had to get ready to go shopping with Ethan. Tracey got up and after a quick peck on each other's lips she left telling me to have a good day.
I sat on my bed and relaxed for a minute as I reflected on what had happened in the last 30 or so minutes. The shower was amazing and I preferred the open plan layout of the third floor; and Tracey, that was unexpected, and nice. I'd never even considered doing that with a girl but it was good, amazingly good. I wanted to do it again but I decided that I preferred eating cock to pussy.
Satisfied that I wasn't turning into a lesbian I stood up and decided to go and make a quick coffee and get a bite to eat.
In the common room I shouldn't have been surprised to find Tracey pouring herself a coffee. She too was still naked. Another girl in just a pair of brief knickers joined us and Tracey poured her a mug of coffee. I got some cereal bars from my cupboard and the 3 of us sat at a table.
"You 2 look happy." Abbey said.
"We've just been for a shower. ... on the third floor." Tracey replied.
"Oh, full of naked guys was it?" Abbey asked.
"Yes actually, it was, they were all getting ready to go on a coach trip to some football match."
"Gang-bang you both did they then?"
"No, they didn't even touch us.
"Not your lucky day then."
"It's early yet." I replied.
Both girls gave a quick laugh as 3 cereal bars got bitten into.
We talked for a short while then parted. I did my face and hair and was just about to put my dress on when my door opened and Ethan walked in.
"You ready yet naked girl."
"Yes Master, just got to put this on." I replied lifting my dress up.
"Wait."
I froze then felt his hand on my pussy. A finger easily slid inside me, moved around a bit then withdrew.
"Continue."
Three seconds later my dress was in place and I was smoothing it down.
"Open."
His wet finger appeared in front of my face, my mouth opened and I tasted my own juices.
"Come on."
Two minutes later we were outside walking to the bus stop and after another 2 minutes Ethan was following me up the stairs onto the top deck of the bus.
"I should have let that other guy follow you up the stairs, I had a great view of your wet pussy." Ethan said as we sat down. "Remind me when we're coming back."
"Yes Master."
The bus journey didn't take long and we were soon walking into the main shopping area. It was only 10:30 am and there was still a slight chill in the air and I could feel it tickling my bare, wet pussy as we walked and as I looked down I could see the bulges in my dress made by my nipples. What I couldn't see - just, was my slit, my dress was covering it. I smoothed my hand down my butt and the material ran out just after the crease at the top of my legs. I felt good.
Ethan took me into most of the young people's clothes shops looking for dresses and skirts that were as short as the one I was wearing, and tops that were either sheer or
see-through. The tops weren't a problem as sheer and see-through are very popular at the moment although the fashion police expect girls to wear something underneath them.
After doing the rounds once we started again. This time looking for longer skirts and dresses. When I asked Ethan about the longer ones he told me that he knew a seamstress who could fix things for me.
Ethan selected 5 summer dresses, all with spaghetti straps as the only thing to keep them on, and 4 skirts. All 9 items are made of very thin cotton and A-line. All the skirts start at the hips and have just a little zip to keep them up. Ethan appears to like my skirts blowing up just as much as I do.
Of course I had to try on each and every item and if Ethan couldn't come into the fitting rooms with me he'd wait at the entrance and I had to go out and show him. Even if he could come in with me I still had to go out to look at myself from a distance in the mirrors.
Also, Ethan had me bending over to see how far the dress or skirt rode up my butt. He usually did this when someone else was around and quite a few people got a good look at my bare butt and pussy.
Another thing that he got me to do when he couldn't come into the fitting room was to tell me to use a cubicle near the entrance and to leave the door or curtain open so that he could see me changing. Of course he wasn't the only man waiting and they too watched me changing. I just pretended that Ethan was the only person watching me.
About half way through I was changing in a shop where they had gender neutral fitting rooms and when Ethan was in there and I was naked, he dropped his trousers and told me to give him a blowjob. I fingered myself whilst I was knelt in front of him. I didn't managed to bring myself to an orgasm before he filled my throat with his jism and I was left even more horny than I had been before.
Shopping finished, Ethan took me to the seamstress that he knew, and he did know her. She's a middle-aged woman but they knew each other well. They didn't say how they knew each other and I didn't ask.
Ann asked him what she could do for him and he told her that he had 9 items that needed shortening. I put the bags on the table in the little shop and Ann looked through them.
"Okay Ethan, they're all easy to do, when do you want them?"
"A couple of hours?"
"Wow, that will be a challenge but for you, I will get it done. Now, I assume that they are for this young lady, how short do you want them?"
"Same length at the back as the one that she has on but 2 or 3 centimetres shorter at the front, can you do that?"
"Ah, I know the look that you are after. Of course I can get them done, but I need to take a few measurements, what's the girl's name?"
"Dani." Ethan replied.
Turning to me she said,
"Well Dani, what is that short for?"
"Daniella." I replied.
"Daniella, I need you to stand on this stool and take your dress off."
"Here?" I asked, "In the shop, in front of the glass door and window?"
"Yes Daniella, I don't have a fancy fitting room."
Five seconds later I was stepping out of the dress.
"You have a very attractive body Daniella, and your pussy looks so young."
"Thank you."
Ann then took lots of measurements and I couldn't understand why she wanted to take my chest and some of the other measurements but I didn't argue.
While she was doing that I was facing the door and looking at the people passing by. I was hoping that some of them would look in but I didn't see anyone doing so.
Ann measured my inside leg for some reason and when she put the end of the tape up to my pussy she gave my clit a quick flick.
I gasped and shuddered and Ann said,
"You've got a horny one here Ethan, It's a long time since I've seen a young girl this wet and responding as quick as she did. Did you see that?"
"What, err no, I was miles away."
"Watch."
Ann reached to my pussy and flicked my clit again. I gasped and shuddered again.
"Oh yes, what happens if you rub her clit?"
I looked at Ethan and glared. I knew that I would orgasm and I knew that he knew, he just wanted me to orgasm in front of Ann. And I did.
"Beautiful my girl, beautiful. It's always a pleasure to make a young pussy orgasm."
I wondered how many girls she'd done that to, and how many Ethan had brought to her. It couldn't have been many, after all, he's only not much older that I am.
"Right Ethan, I've got everything that I need, and a little bonus to keep me going, I'll have them done in a couple of hours. Please turn the open sign to closed as you leave."
I got off the little stool and Ethan handed me my dress.
"Where to now Master?" I asked and I saw Ann smile.
"Something to eat then there's another shop that I'm going to take you to.
Ethan took me to a McDonalds. Not what I was really expecting considering the money he was spending on me but I wasn't complaining, I may not go there very often but I do like their meals.
Ethan ordered and then took me to a table where the bench seat backed onto a wall. We sat side by side looking out over most of the restaurant, me with my bare butt on the plastic covered bench seat.
"Spread you knees naked girl."
I did and felt the air on the insides of my vulva.
"Do you own any dildos or vibrators naked girl?"
"No Master but Tracey and I ordered an Ohmibod yesterday."
"Oh good, tell me when you get them and I'll connect to both of them."
"Yes Master, why do you ask?"
"We're going to an adult shop next."
"Sound fun Master."
"Spread you knees even more and lay back on the seat naked girl."
I did as commanded and looked up to see young man coming towards us carrying a tray of food. Then he smiled and I looked at his eyes. He was looking at my pussy. I felt a little wet rush and a tingle.
"Thank you" I said to the young man.
"No thank you," he replied looking down at my pussy. "Enjoy your meal."
"Well done naked girl, you're learning."
"Thank you Master."
"Now sit up and start eating. Keep looking around and if you see anyone looking at you lay back and spread you knees even more."
"Yes Master."
Before we'd finished eating 3 men had stared at me then got even more of a treat. A couple came and sat at the table next to us and when the man was taking his seat he had a good look as well. I was laid back giving another man a good look at the time.
I saw another couple of young men looking at me as we left but I didn't think that they could see anything.
The adult shop was quite a surprise for me as well. I'd never been to one before and I didn't really know what to expect. There was an old man sat at the sales counter and self after shelf after shelf of books, magazines, DVDs and toys. So many toys. And 3 men browsing the products.
Ethan saw that I was sort of gobstruck and he got hold of my hand and pulled me over to the toy shelves. He started collecting things from the high up shelves and telling me to get some things from the bottom shelves. To do that I had to bend over and the 3 men that were in there were suddenly behind me looking up my skirt.
When I saw them I started spreading my feet before bending and staying bent for a lot longer than necessary. Ethan saw what I was doing and started asking me to pick up things for him to look at, then for me to put them back. He also asked me to get some things from the top shelf which meant that I had to stretch up causing my dress to rise up and reveal my bare butt and pussy.
The items that Ethan was getting got too much for his hands and he told me to go and get a basket. These were in a pile on the floor near the door and I had to bend over to get one. I made sure that the man on the counter got a good look.
The shopping seemed to go on for ever and Ethan's basket was full when we finally went over to the counter and Ethan lifted the basket up for the man to scan them.
"What are those for Master?" I asked when I saw the first item come out of the basket. It was a package with 2 metal balls in it.
"Those are called Ben Wa balls. They go in your pussy and knock together as you walk around. They're supposed to turn you on.
"Oh, when can I try them Master?"
Next to come out of the basket was some pink, padded wrist and ankle cuffs.
"Those will be more comfortable than the police type handcuffs that he'd used on me before." I thought.
Then there was a box with 'nipple clamps' printed on it.
"I bet that those will hurt." I thought.
Next was an item that needed no explanation, a big, long, flexible, pink, double-ended dildo.
"That will stretch me, I wonder if he'll get me to use it with Tracey."
Lastly was 3 items that also needed no explanation, a comfy looking pink blindfold, a paddle and a tawse. I knew that it was a tawse because it said so on the label.
As Ethan paid the man he said,
"Is it okay to try some of the items before we leave?"
"You try, you pay." The old man said.
"Yes, no problem, it's just that I might want to get something else as well."
"Go ahead."
Ethan turned to me and said,
"Dress off naked girl."
My eyes opened wide as I pushed the straps off my shoulders then picked up the dress from the floor. I was again naked in a shop but this time there was 4 men there that I had never seen before, and they were watching me.
"Come here."
I stepped forwards as Ethan opened the box containing the nipple clamps.
I cringed as Ethan got them out, then pulled on my right nipple. There was no way that it could get bigger or harder than it already was but Ethan was trying. When he was satisfied he put the clamp on and I gasped.
"Jeez that hurt. ... Master."
Then he did the same with my left nipple.
As I was gasping the door bell rang and a young couple came into the shop and stopped dead when they saw me. The shocked expression turned to a smile then they came over and joined the 3 male shoppers that were also watching.
Ignoring my pained expression Ethan told me to bend over and grab my ankles. I spread my feet then bent over and grabbed my ankles suspecting that he was going to christen the paddle or tawse.
I heard the rustle of packaging being removed then a woosh of air then the pain of something landing on my butt. Remembering what Ethan had told me the last time that he spanked me I said,
"One Master, thank you."
It wasn't until after the tenth swat that I saw that it was the paddle that had been inflicting the pain. I started to stand up but Ethan said,
"Stay."
I grabbed my ankles again and waited. As I was doing so I looked through my legs and saw our audience. The couple that had come in were stood next to each other, he had an arm round her neck with the hand holding her covered tit. She had her right hand on her crotch.
Then the tawse landed on my butt.
"Fuck that hurt." I said, then added "One, thank you Master."
By the time the tawse landed for the third time I was crying. That damn thing really hurt and I wondered what damage it was doing to my butt,
By the time I got to,
"Six, thank you Master."
My butt was numb and I was starting to think about my pussy. The seventh, eighth and ninth ones landed and my orgasm was about to explode.
I didn't manage to say,
"Ten, thank you Master."
Because the orgasm exploded out of me and I started shaking. When I started getting my composure back I saw that everyone was smiling at me.
"Stay there naked girl."
I did and I soon felt something pushing at the entrance to my vagina.
"It's too big." I said.
"Relax naked girl, you can take it." Ethan replied.
I had to trust him and it hurt like hell as he eased it inside me. I was really glad that My pussy was oozing my juices. If I'd had to take that with a dry vagina I would have died.
Once Ethan was satisfied with the length that was inside me, Ethan started fucking me with it. I was sure that it was pressing on my stomach but that feeling started to go away as another orgasm started to build.
Ethan kept going, even when the orgasm arrived and it was an extended orgasm that finally started to go away goodness know how long after it first arrived.
I felt a big hole as Ethan finally pulled the dildo out of me then he turned to the old man and said,
"No, they all worked just fine. I'll leave it at that thank you."
Turning to me he said,
"Get up and put your dress on naked girl."
I straightened up, took a deep breath and reached for my dress. As I did so my nipples reminded me that I still had the clamps on.
"Master, what about these?" I said pointing to my nipples.
"Leave them where they are."
"But they hurt Master."
"Leave them."
I pulled my dress on and looked down to my chest. The outline of the clamps was much greater than the bulges that my nipples had produced.
As we walked back to Ann's shop the nipple clamps started to send bolts of pain, or was it pleasure, down to my clit and I wondered if pain on my nipples could cause an orgasm. Spanking pain on my butt certainly could.
Unsurprisingly, I didn't get an answer and we soon arrived at the shop. Although the sign said, 'closed', Ethan opened the door and we walked in.
Ann looked up and said,
"Hang on a sec."
We stood there for about a minute then Ann continued,
"Hi Ethan, Daniella, sorry to keep you waiting. I've still got a couple of skirts to finish but let's get on with checking what I've already done. Daniella, please take you dress off and get up on the stool."
I did and Ann stopped what she was doing then came over to me. She walked round me then said,
"Oh my, what have you been doing Daniella? Have you been a naughty girl?"
My face went as red as my butt probably was.
"And those clamps, they look so cute. Ethan, you should take those off her for 5 minutes every hour or so or you may cause her some permanent damage."
"Yes I know but they've only been on for about 45 minutes."
"Okay, let's start trying the dresses on."
Ann passed me the first dress and I stepped into it and pulled it up. I caught it on one of the clamps and gasped.
"Careful naked girl, I don't want you to hurt yourself, that's my job."
I finished putting the dress on and both Ann and Ethan came to me and smoothed down the material at the back.
"Back just about covering her butt as requested." Ann said then she moved to my stomach.
Smoothing it down, her fingers went over the bottom of the material and touched my slit and clit. I gasped.
"Her slit should be visible Ethan."
"It would be if your hand wasn't on her pussy. You can play with it later but for now can we just sort out the dresses and skirts."
"Of course."
Ann removed her hand, and the finger that was pressing on my clit.
"Good Ann, that's spot on, I can see all the front of her slit"
I found the hand on my butt, stomach and clit to be very sensual.
We repeated the procedure for the other 4 dresses and 2 of the skirts and Ann had done a good job. Ethan was happy and so was I, I was going to enjoy walking around the university wearing those and watching the boys to see if they realised what they could see.
After the second skirt Ann told Ethan that there would be a slight delay as she finished the last 2 skirts.
"Stay where you are naked girl." Ethan said.
I was totally naked and facing the front door of the shop.
After about 2 minutes I saw a couple approach the front door.
"Master." I said to attract his attention.
"Stay put naked one, it's only 2 people. If you keep perfectly still they may think that you are a mannequin."
I laughed to myself and said,
"I've never seen a mannequin with a red butt and wearing nipple clamps Master."
Then the door opened and in they walked and stood right in front of me.
"Oh, the girl said, it looks like I will have to get naked for my fitting."
"Nice." the young man said.
"Is that nice to that girl standing naked on that stool, or is that nice to me standing there?"
"You of course darling, I love looking at your naked body."
But as he was saying that it was my naked body that he was looking at.
That man staring at me was keeping me aroused and when Ann brought the third skirt over and I tried it on, Ann's smoothing it down and fingering my pussy took me over the edge and I orgasmed again.
As the waves of pleasure receded I looked at the 2 strangers, the girl was grinning but nowhere near as much as the young man's grin; and the bulge in his trousers told me that he was enjoying seeing me.
Ann was back at her sowing machine in the corner of the room and Ethan was stood there waiting for me to be receptive.
"Take the skirt off naked girl." He said.
I unzipped it, it fell to the floor and I stepped out of it, the 2 strangers still staring at me. Ethan kept me standing there until Ann was finished. She brought the skirt over and I stepped in to it. Then Ann smoothed her hands down the back then the front. As her hand slid over the bottom of the material her fingers slid between my vulva while her thumb toyed with my clit. Oh my gawd, I couldn't hold back any longer and I orgasmed yet again. As I returned to normal I tried to count the orgasms that I had had that day but my brain couldn't focus.
Ann then told me to put my hands on my head and slowly turn around. I saw the couple still grinning at me.
"So Ethan," Ann said, "are you happy with my work?"
"I sure am Ann, you knew what I wanted, you delivered it, and you did it in an unrealistic time. How could I not be happy?"
"Thank you, shall I send the bill to your father as usual?"
"Yes please."
"Nice to meet you Daniella, maybe I will see you again sometime."
Ann turned to talk to the other couple and Ethan told me to put on one of the new tops.
"Am I going to wear this skirt back to my dorm room Master?"
"My pussy isn't covered, everyone will be able to see my slit Master."
"Yes they will."
I smiled and put on one of the tops, one that was all lacy and see-through, If anyone got close to me the would be able to see my tits and the nipple clamps which I could no longer feel because my nipple were numb.
The last thing that I heard Ann say was,
"Okay Jenny, take your clothes off and stand on the stool please."
I smiled to myself and wondered if she'd enjoy the experience as much as I did.
We walked back to the university and I almost forgot that my slit was on display because I didn't see anyone looking at me.
"Take your clothes off naked girl."
Was the first thing that Ethan said when we got back to my room. Then he told me to stand in front of him and one by one he took the nipple clamps off causing me to scream both times. My nipples started throbbing as the blood managed to start circulating around them.
Then Ethan asked me if I had anything planned for the next weekend.
"No, are you planning on using me for something?" I asked.
"Keep all the weekend free. I have job for you."
"May I ask what Master?"
"No you may not, I'll give you the detail of the Friday evening. I'm leaving now, get some rest, you've earned it."
"Thank you Master, and thank you for the clothes."
I did get some rest, in fact I fell asleep when I lay on my bed. I woke up in time to get something to eat, have a shower (in the girl's showers) and then go back to bed.
The next thing that I knew was that it was Sunday at 07:45 am and my alarm was going off.
I dragged myself out of bed and opened the door to the corridor. Tracey was there, as naked as I was, full of life and ready to go and shower.
When she saw my butt she first asked me if it hurt, then told me that there were some red lines that had turned into bruises.
"They look like they will last a couple of days." Tracey said.
"Forget those, they don't hurt, I'll tell you all about my day later."
There was only 1 boy in the boy's showers on the first floor and he was having a pee. When he saw us he stared for a minute then looked down to his cock. The way that he was moving around made me think that he'd peed on his trousers. We laughed and both of us got into the shower without a door.
The water soon woke me up and Tracey and I helped each other soaping and shampooing, and then clit rubbing. We saw another boy come in but we ignored him and lost sight of him.
Back in Tracey's room I opened the curtains and looked over to the other students block to see if anyone was looking over our way. I didn't see anyone and thought that it was probably too early for them.
"Hey Dani, have you seen that poster that someone has put up?"
"No, what's it about?"
"You."
"What?"
"Come and have a look."
We did and I saw that it was indeed about me. It read: -
Come and Support Dani
our very own nudist
Bring some booze and snacks
Tuesday 9 pm
Dress as you expect our naturist girl to be.
"Oh fuck, I didn't think that Emily was serious." I said.
"Well it looks like she was. I'll be there, and as naked as we are right now. You've started something now girl, first you then you and me. Maybe by the end of the week all the girls will be wandering around in the buff."
"I doubt it and I wouldn't want it. If the place is flooded with naked girls the boys won't pay as much attention to us."
"Good point, but I would still like to see all the girls on this floor naked at the party, except for Amy and Patricia, they're both nice girls jeez do they both need to lose a lot of weight. I wonder how many boys will be there?"
"No idea, do you know if there's a copy of that poster on each floor?"
"No, I'll have a word with Emily and ask her, if there isn't I'll make a couple of copies and stick them up myself."
"Thanks Tracey - I think."
Over a coffee in the common room I told Tracey all about my day then she said,
"So you've got some dresses and skirts that don't cover your slit?"
"Yes, but I don't know when I'll wear them, I don't know if I've got the courage to wear them to classes and lectures."
"Hmm. I don't know if I could, but that's not going to stop me bringing my sowing machine back with me when I next go home."
"You can sow?"
"Hell yes, a case of having to learn."
"Can you teach me sometime?"
"Sure, it's not difficult to master the basics then you just experiment until you find what you want."
"Thanks. So what are you doing today Tracey?"
"I've got a ton of work to get on with. You?"
"A bit of work but basically a lazy day. My brain needs to catch up with everything that's been happening to me lately."
Shortly after that we parted and I did have a lazy, naked day. I needed it."
Monday started with the alarm clock and a refreshed me jumping out of bed and grabbing my shower things. Tracey was again waiting for me and we briskly walked up to the third floor boy's bathroom.
Again, one of the boy's saw us and shouted to let everyone know that we were there and we saw a few heads and a couple of boys wearing only boxers appear.
In the bathroom one boy in his boxers was shaving his face, another was urinating and 2 were in the communal shower. Tracey and I hung up our towels and walked into the shower. Both guys saw us and turned to face us. I smiled as 2 cocks started to rise.
Tracey and I got on with our showers then when it came to the shaving we decided to shave each other's pussy. By that time more boys had arrived to watch us and both Tracey and I smiled when we saw them. Just to add more to the spectacle, I lay on the floor on my back and spread my legs wide to give Tracey better access. That move got the approval of the audience and there were some cheers and comments.
Tracey got to work and when she was happy that she'd got evert hair, her attention moved to the fun part. The fingers on one hand went in and out of my hole while the fingers on her other hand rubbed my clit.
I didn't last long and my butt rose up and my body went rigid, then I started shaking and jerking.
I heard the cheering as I got my wits back then I jumped up and almost pushed Tracey onto the floor to return the compliment.
As we went to get dried the guys were asking us if we were going to shower there every day.
"You'll have to wait and see." Tracey replied but I stayed silent.
"Let's have a better look out here." I heard one guy say.
I was in the right mood so I put my towel on the floor, lay on it on my back then lifted my legs up into their, spreading them wide as I did so.
Tracey was watching and I heard her say,
"I can do that." and she was soon in the same position as I was.
Unsurprisingly, the guys all wanted a good look and they started chanting,
"Rub it, rub it."
Well, both Tracey and I were in happy mood so we both got to work on our pussies and brought ourselves to our second orgasm of the day, and it was still early morning.
Both of us satisfied, we got up and left the boys to, probably, go into one of the toilet to relief themselves, or to go back to their rooms and do the deed.
Two happy and still naked girls walked back to their rooms.
I was a little disappointed that Ethan wasn't waiting for me but I had plenty to do and think about. I had a busy day ahead and I had still to decide what to wear. Was I going to have my slit on display all day or not? Did I have the courage to display it all day?
I was nearly late for my lesson as it got to passed the time that I should leave my room to get to my lesson on time before I had finally made my decision and I finally pulled on one one my new slit revealing skirts and almost ran out of my room.
I walked so quickly so as to be not late and I almost forgot which skirt I had on. It was only when I sat in the classroom, on the front row, and went to check that my skirt was okay that I saw my slit and thought,
"Oh my gawd, I guess that the teaches is going to get a great view today."
Then I smiled at him as he looked up and around the room.
I caught him looking at my bare legs twice that lesson, not that I'm complaining, I'd even sat with my knees open to give him a better view.
By lunchtime I was more relaxed about what I was displaying and as I walked around I was looked at people to see if I got any reaction but there was none. Either they didn't notice or they thought nothing of it. I was both happy and unhappy.
The afternoon was the same, another lesson with me on the front row with my knees apart and the teacher looking under the desk. It's starting to get to be second nature to me to sit like that. As I daydreamed I imagined me flashing so much that I didn't even know that I was doing it and that people were just accepting girls flashing as part of a normal day.
I smiled to myself as I thought about men accidentally flashing their goods all the time and the public outcry that that would bring. I decided that it was a strange society that we live in.
Ethan didn't visit me that day, nor the Tuesday morning after our shower on the first floor. Tracey and I made each other cum with a little audience, smaller than previous days on the first floor and I wondered if the boys were getting bored, or if some of them were going up to the third floor where we'd started putting on a better show.
Tuesday was another busy day and I wore one of my new dresses that left my slit exposed.
Tuesday evening was different. I was both happy and nervous about the upcoming party. At 8 pm I went and had a shower. I went up to the third floor boy's shower but my nerves stopped me from putting on much of a show. There was 2 guys there watching me and even rubbing my clit didn't make me cum. I had the horrible thought that I'd done it too many times recently and that I'd never cum again.
I got out and dried myself without even looking at the guys.
Back in my room I made myself presentable then went to the common room. Oh my gawd, I was only expecting a handful of girls to be there, and about the same number of boys, but there must have been a couple of dozen there, about a third of them being boys, naked boys.
"Here she is, our own hero, a star." A girl shouted.
Everything went silent and they all turned to turned to look at me. My nipples went rock hard and tingled, they sent bolts of electricity down to my clit that was hard and throbbing as part of a whole pussy that was drenched. It was a dream come true.
I was soo happy.
"Speech!" I heard.
"No, no, I can't." I said.
"Speech, speech, come on Dani, speech."
"Oh fuck." I said. "okay, I got naked because I've always disliked clothes. To me clothes should be for practical situations only, like shit weather. My parents stopped me running around naked when I was a kid but coming here has given me the opportunity to start again. Well partially, I just wish that the university would allow nudity everywhere on campus. There's a university in America that allows it if nudity is your religion but I can't see that happening in the UK so we just have to make the best of what we've got and maybe push the limits bit by bit. The other day a friend of mine got the leisure centre to admit that there was no rule against nudity so if any of you fancy a nude swim or game of squash you know where to go.
That's about it, other than to thank you all for coming to give me your approval. Maybe some of you will now abandon your clothes in places where you won't get locked up for doing so and maybe push the limits a little. Thank you Emily for organising this party, and thank you everyone for coming."
There was a round of applause and someone put a glass of wine in my hand. Needing a drink, and thinking that it was cordial or some other red, soft drink, I gulped it down only to realise that it wasn't a soft drink.
Tracey appeared in front of me wearing what she usually wears when she's around me, nothing.
"You're amazing Dani."
"Tracey, I need your help."
"What is it Dani?"
"I've just drunk something that I think was alcohol and the last time that I drank a vodka I passed out."
"Maybe it wasn't alcoholic."
"What if it was?"
"Okay, if you pass out I'll make sure that you get back to your room."
"Thank you Tracey."
"Now Dani, mingle and have a look at the cocks that have come to support you."
"You mean look at the cocks that have come to look at all the bare tits and pussies."
"I'm sure that they'll be looking at yours Dani."
"I hope so."
"Now go and mingle, look at the cocks, there maybe some that you fancy."
"I might fancy all of them." I said as I started to get lost in the crowd.
Wow, I'd never seen so many naked people. The thought of joining a nudist club crossed my mind."
"Hi Emma, Thanks for coming, I'm amazed that so many people are here." I said to the first girl that I came to.
"Sure, no problem, always pleased to help but I have to admit I was intrigued at the idea of a naked party. I've always fantasised as to what this sort of thing would me like."
"And now that its happening?"
"It's living up to my dreams, all those naked men, I've got to chat to one of them soon. See if I can get him hard just by talking to him. Was that you who got spanked in the boy's common room last week Dani?"
"Yes, it was so much fun."
"The rumour is that you got fucked by them as well, is that true?"
"Yes, I always fancied a gang-bang and now I know what it's like."
"Would you do it again?"
"Hell yes."
"Well you never know what might happen tonight."
"Hmm, I'm glad that Emily's poster said that the boy's had to be naked as well as us girls which was her earlier idea. I'm sure that there would have been hundreds of boys coming to see us girls. Anyway, gotta go, I think that I've drunk some alcohol and alcohol doesn't agree with my body, I'm scared that I'm going to pass out and miss all the fun."
"You go and see what you can find. Keep moving, that might keep you awake."
"Thanks Emma, have fun."
"You too."
I talked to about a dozen people, girls and boys, most of them asking about the gang-bang and the spankings, but some of the boys had been in the showers when Tracey and I had been there and some of them asked me if I was doing it for a bet. I told them the truth, that I liked being seen naked by boys.
I got a few offers to get naked around them in all sorts of places.
It was starting to be fun talking to every one when all of us were naked. I likes looking down to the boy's cocks and watching them bounce and start to get hard then going soft again. I only saw 1 full hard-on and the boy just kept talking and ignoring it although all the girls around him weren't ignoring it.
Then I bumped into Tracey and she had a glass of the same red stuff that I had drunk.
"What's that?"
"Red wine, why?"
"That's what I drank earlier and I'm still on my feet, where did you get it"
"Come with me my naked little friend."
Tracey took me over to where the drinks were and pointed out some boxes.
"They're wine, nowhere near as much alcohol. Maybe it's just spirits that affect you. Want another?"
"Yeah, why not."
I did have some and I enjoyed it. Then I had some white wine and I enjoyed that as well, maybe even more so.
"Slow down girl." Tracey said, "too much and it might just affect you like the vodka did."
"Good thinking, lets mingle."
We did, and shortly later we saw a girl talking to a man and his back looked familiar. When we got closer I saw that it was Ethan and the girl was Abby, both were naked. Tracey and I said hello then Ethan said,
"So this is the other girl who likes to show off in the boy's showers."
"Was that you Tracey, I knew that Dani was doing it but not who the other girl was. Don't either of you get embarrassed?"
"Are you embarrassed standing here in a group of a couple of dozed naked people, some of them naked boys?"
"Good point."
"So are you going to join them Abby?" Ethan asked.
"Oh I don't think that I could."
"Neither did either of us," I replied, "but here we are, been there, done that and going to do it again tomorrow morning. By the way, the third floor showers are more fun Ethan, they're all open plan."
"Well go there each morning." Ethan replied.
"Thank you Mas ... Ethan."
"So are going to come with us tomorrow morning Abby?"
"Maybe."
"Well if you decide to come and have an amazing experience be in the corridor at 8 am, dressed like you are now, and carrying your shower things."
"Hmm, maybe."
By then I had finished the red wine and I decided to try the white wine. As we walked over to the drinks Tracey said,
"Are you sure that you want one, the cumulative effect may affect you Dani."
"Yep, you have one as well Tracey. I'm starting to feel good, not that I didn't feel good before."
I pored 2 glasses of white wine and gave the larger one to Tracey. We then went and mingled some more. As we moved in among the people we saw one girl pulling a boy by the hand and the boy had a hard-on.
"I wonder where they are going?" Tracey asked.
"I think that can we have a good guess at that." I replied.
Then we saw another couple leaving, this time 2 girls holding hands.
"I didn't see that coming, but hey, as long as they are happy."
"What's that Dani?"
"Carol and Amelia, it would appear that they're lesbians."
"Naked lesbians, who cares?"
"Maybe the boys that were chatting to them earlier." I said with a little giggle.
As we chatted to some of the other girls we noted that quite a few people were leaving, some on their own and some with someone else.
"What time is it?" Tracey asked.
"Just after midnight." A girl replied.
"That explains it." I replied.
Shortly after that that I realised that only 3 girls remained. Tracey, Abby and me. 5 boys were still there, including Ethan, and 4 of them were talking to Abby.
"Probably all hoping that they can spend the night in her room." I thought.
Ethan came over to me.
"I think that it's about time that the real fun started."
"What do you mean Master" I asked.
Speaking loudly he said,
"There's 3 tables in here and 3 girls left. In my book that means that each girl has to get on a table."
I immediately knew what was going to happen and I went to the nearest table and lay across it with my head and legs hanging over the sides.
Tracey looked at me, smiled and did the same but Abby hung back.
"Come on Abby," Ethan said, "it's only me and I've fucked you before."
I thought back to when I'd seen Ethan coming out of different rooms and guessed that one of them was Abby's.
"Oh fuck it," Abby said, "I haven't had a man for over a week and all this nudity has made me horny."
Thirty seconds later there were 3 girls laying across tables and 5 naked men standing waiting with rising cocks.
What followed could only be described as an orgy with all 3 girls getting fucked in their pussies and their mouths and all 3 girls cumming.
After all 3 girls had a cumulative total of 5 lots of male cum somewhere inside them, Ethan came over to me and told me to lift my legs up. I did so, and automatically spread them wide to give everyone a good look at all of my pussy.
"Are you going to spank me Master? If so, why, what have I done?"
"Do I need a reason?"
"No Master."
"And it's not just me that's going to spank you, we all are. Get up girls, you're going to want to see this, and maybe have some yourselves."
Shortly after that I felt the first swat and I said,
"One, thank you Master."
After 10 swats Ethan handed over to one of the other guys who gave me 10 more, not as hard as Ethan's. Somehow, I managed to hear either Abby or Tracey getting spanked.
Then it was a different boy who took over spanking me, again, not as hard as Ethan's, but the cumulative effect was that I had started crying.
Ethan must have been watching because he came over and said,
"No, no, you need to hit her butt harder if you want to take her through the pain barrier and into the pleasure zone, watch."
Ethan took over and yes, his swats were a harder, and yes, my butt started going numb, and yes, I did have an orgasm.
As I started to get control back I saw all 5 guys and Tracey and Abby standing over me.
"Are you alright Dani?" Abby asked.
"Yes, that was intense, after one like that what girl wouldn't be alright. Didn't you 2 cum?"
"Not from the spanking, I got up because it was hurting too much." Tracey said.
"Me too" Abby added.
"Your loss." Ethan said.
"I'm going to bed." Abby said.
"Me too." Tracey added.
"Looks like the party is over folks," Ethan said.
Everyone started to leave and as I walked along the corridor I said,
"See you at 8 am out here Abby."
"Maybe."
When I walked in to my room Ethan followed me in and started getting dressed. When he was finished he said,
"You have a free afternoon on Friday so I'll collect you at 2 pm for your weekend away."
"Okay." I replied and collapsed onto my bed as he walked out.