Part 1: Decontamination and Deep Cleaning Stage 1
Claire steps off the boat that has just arrived on the island of Mata Hari in the eastern region of the archipelago nation. A warm and sunny island in a very remote part of the archipelago, there are more Komodo dragons that roam the island than there are people living there. The island is so remote that the 2019 pandemic never touched the island. So when another pandemic hit the world a few years later, the local government quickly instituted a strict quarantine zone over the island. Tourists are still welcome on invitation basis, but they must all undergo deep cleaning and decontamination procedures before being allowed to settle in the island.
Claire is so happy to be invited by an old friend to the island. Life in Europe has been miserable with old pandemic precautions being reinstituted. In contrast, the island is so warm and sunny, and life goes on as normal there!
Well, as soon as one passes the strict quarantine procedures, that is.
There are 6 people with Claire in the boat, all women. The boat drops them off at the pier and again takes off. At the end of the pier Claire sees 3 raised platforms with a very large shower head above it. Next to the raised platform stands a beautiful and completely naked woman with smooth dark brown skin. Her hair is jet black and falls down to her hips, the end of which rests freely on her very muscular butt cheeks.
"Hello! Welcome to Mata Hari! Per quarantine protocol, I am the only person that is allowed to greet you at the pier. My name is Nadine. I am not wearing clothes because the fibers in our clothing could harbor viruses. Before entering the island, you must follow rigorous decontamination and deep cleaning procedures. We perform the first stage of the procedures here. You will pair with a partner and help each other with the first stage procedures. Your clothes that you are wearing now will be disposed of here. You will have to get naked, but, as you see, we are all women here. The island has gender-separated arrival days for this reason. So, let's go!"
Nadine then looks at Claire: "And what is your name?"
"Claire"
"Okay Claire, welcome to Mata Hari. Would you mind going first?"
"Oh? OK ... " Unsure what to do, but Claire just follows Nadine and goes up on the platform.
Nadine then looks at the girl standing next to Claire. "And would you mind partnering with Claire? What is your name?" Nadine is looking at an Asian girl with pale skin, so definitely not an islander. Claire admires her beauty for a bit, and feels glad to be paired with her.
"Hi Nadine! My name is Jessica. Sure, I can partner with Claire!"
Nadine takes Jessica's hands and brings her up to the showering platform with Claire. Then Nadine takes Claire's hand towards a stainless steel ring hanging near the shower head.
"These rings are magnetic - you can open it, slide your partner's hand, and lock it," Nadine says while strapping Claire's right hand above her head.
"Jessica, please lock Claire's other hand." Nadine then looks up at the other women and says, "rest of you - please pair up and do the same"
The shower starts automatically. Claire is wearing a white dress which quickly becomes somewhat transparent and clings to her body when wet, almost completely showing off the outlines of her beautiful round and big boobs. Jessica is wearing a white tank top which also outlines her smallish bra-less boobs and nipples now that it is drenched. Claire feels a bit exposed with her arms strapped above her head - while feeling a little turned on as well.
Nadine then hands a pair of scissors to Jessica and the other two women.
"Now use these scissors to cut your partner's clothes. Try to avoid disturbing the wet clothes too much to reduce the chance of dispersing the virus."
Jessica examines Claire's dress and says, "do you mind?"
"Oh, go ahead," says Claire. "I guess it's just the normal procedure," Claire smiles.
Jessica starts cutting Claire's dress from the neckline to the sides, then peels it off, revealing Claire's wet lace bras and panties. Jessica then cuts Claire' bra straps and peels the bras off, exposing Claire's big boobs and nipples. Next, Jessica kneels down and cuts away Claire's panties.
The shower starts again automatically. Once the shower stops, Nadine says, "now you can switch places!"
Jessica unlocks the magnetic rings on Claire's hands, and instinctively Claire pulls her arms around her boobs and pussy for a brief moment, before realizing that after what she's been through, it's kind of pointless to cover up. So she regains herself and faces Jessica.
"Jessica, right? Do you mind? I hope this doesn't feel weird. Well, maybe just a little bit!"
"Ah. I guess it is my turn. Well I guess it will feel less weird once we are both naked!
Jessica extends one arm towards the hanging ring. "Go ahead Claire. Thank you."
Claire straps on the ring, then Jessica extends another arm towards the other ring.
Claire admires the beautifully shaped body in front of her. Jessica's wet tank top follows perfectly the contours of her body, leaving little to the imagination.
Claire picks up the scissors and cuts the straps of Jessica's tank top then peels it away. Claire now sees Jessica's smallish boobs exposed completely. The skin is pale like the rest of her body with light brown nipples. Claire kneels down and cuts the front of Jessica's skirts, then gently removes it. A small G-string bikini bottom is now left, and Claire removes it by quick cuts on the side strings.
With that, Claire was done earlier than the other two couples, who are still busy removing more complex pieces of clothings. To break awkwardness, she strikes small conversations with Jessica. She learns that Jessica is from Korea, invited to the island by her Indonesian cousin.
"Next, use this special soap and salt to clean and scrub your partners' backs, and, with permission, their front side as well. If you would prefer to wash your own front side, you may do so, although we recommend you help each other for more thorough cleaning. Please leave the hands strapped to the ring while you scrub and clean your partner," Nadine announces the next set of instructions.
"Hmmm, so, should I do your front as well?" Claire asks while working on Jessica's back.
"Yes, that would be great, if you don't mind. Nadine says it's recommended that we help each other after all!"
Claire continues to wash and scrub Jessica's lower back side. She has been admiring Jessica's muscular butts, so she spends some extra time washing and scrubbing it. She proceeds to wash Jessica's legs and thigh areas, which was met with a slight moan.
Due to the pandemic, Claire has not touched or been touched by anyone for months, and she finds herself enjoying this washing and scrubbing activity. And from the sound of it, she can assume that Jessica is enjoying it too.
She then moves in front of Jessica, and begins washing Jessica's neck, her front shoulder, and her stomach before circling into her breast areas. As if on cue, Jessica closes her eyes as Claire begins to wash and scrub her boobs and nipples. Claire can see from Jessica's face that she enjoys it, so she briefly repeats the process for a second time before moving down to her front thighs, legs, and feet.
Just as she is almost done, Nadine comes up to their platform, performs a quick inspection, and says, "Looks good! But perhaps you can redo the parts that are normally covered by underwear - her breasts and thighs - just for good measure. Stand behind her while doing it for better access."
So Claire positions herself behind Jessica's and begins caressing Jessica's boobs again. She circles and pinches Jessica's nipples "for good measures". Then she kneels and washes Jessica's thighs, spending extra time on her vulva. Jessica seems to have been more prepared this time and only lets a very subtle moan as Claire rubs her vulva several times.
"Okay Claire, very good! You can switch places now." says Nadine.
With that, Claire unstraps Jessica while looking around at the other platforms. Apparently the other 4 women are all unstrapped and are busy washing their own front side now. Claire is somewhat glad to be paired with Jessica.
Claire raises her hands and Jessica snaps the rings into place. Jessica then proceeds like Claire did, starting to work on Claire's upper back, before moving down to her butts and legs.
"May I do your front too?" she asks while working on Claire's butts.
"Yes, please ..." Claire whispers. Claire has only been sexually active with men before, but after months of no social contacts, Jessica's touches are more than welcome.
Heeding Nadine's instructions earlier, Jessica stays behind Claire while washing Claire's boobs and nipples. Claire involuntarily lets out a soft moan as Jessica rubs her boobs and nipples. This emboldens Jessica and she squeezes Claire's boobs and pinches the nipples a few times.
Claire also feels Jessica's boobs and nipples brushing against her back - presumably a necessary stance to allow Jessica's shorter arms some better access around Claire's big boobs. Claire closes her eyes and enjoys every moment.
Jessica kneels right behind Claire and begins washing and scrubbing Claire's stomach, then her back thighs, front thighs, and her vulva. Claire lets out a soft moan as Jessica touches her vulva. Jessica moves down to her lower legs and feet - which frustrates Claire a bit - but before she knows it, Jessica moves in front of her while still kneeling. Claire establishes eye contact as if saying "oh, please, please ..." Jessica briefly washes Claire's thigh for a second time and brushes Claire's vulva several more times in the process. The tension is high. Still kneeling and maintaining eye contact, Jessica moves her hands under Claire's boobs, washing it and squeezing it from under. Claire stands up while continuing circling and squeezing Claire's boobs in the process.
"All right, looks like everybody is about done." Nadine breaks the silence. "You can all come over here and put on some body covering - all made from natural materials. Next we will meet your hosts. Some of you have male hosts, so we require all private parts to be covered."
With that, Jessica begins to unstrap Claire from the rings around her hands. Nadine then passes around bras made of coconut shells, and bikini bottoms made from banana leaves.
Once everyone has put on their coconut shells and banana leaves, Nadine leads the group towards the end of the beach where a makeshift net made of coconut leaves separates the beach from the roads. She walks around the net and disappears for a minute, then comes back with a group of people who all wear similar natural covering around their private parts.
Among them Claire sees Didi - her host who invited her to the island. Didi waves at her then approaches her and gives her a hug and kisses on the cheeks. Claire also sees that Jessica has found her cousin, a man with a muscular build who looks somewhat stereotypically islander, but with lighter skin color than Nadine's.
Nadine brings out several fresh coconuts and passes them around, then announces: "So, we have completed the first stage of decontamination and deep cleaning. Next: for the second stage of decontamination and deep cleaning. If your host is male, you will follow me to the mixed-gender section in the eastern side of the beach. If your host is female, you can choose to follow me, or you may follow Charity to the west side of the beach for the single-gender section,"
After some quick catching up, Jessica and her cousin come and join Claire and Didi. Jessica introduces her cousin Michael, whose mother is a Korean but his father is an islander.
Then Jessica brings up a small subject. "Hey Claire, Didi. We can choose to perform the next stage in a group, which would make it faster and more effective. And for us - since Michael and I are cousins, some procedures might be awkward between us. So it would really help if we could join up as a group. Would it be okay with you two?"
Claire answers, "We were a good team on the first stage, I don't see why not! Would it be okay with you Didi?"
Didi also says, "Sure! I will be happy to work together."
With that, the four of them start to walk towards Nadine, when another pair approaches them.
"Hello! My name is Emilia and this is my host Devy. We would join you in the mixed-gender section. Devy says that the lagoon is very beautiful there, much better than the beach in the single-gender section. I am from Germany so nudity is never a big deal anyways, so I thought, why not. Devy and I are classmates in university in Munich. How about you guys?"
Claire and Jessica exchange quick stories about them while they walk towards Nadine, who then leads them towards a part of the beach that is not visible from the arrival beach. As they get closer, Claire begins to hear the sound of a waterfall. "Hmm, a waterfall in a lagoon? Emilia! I guess this place is really as good as you advertised!" Claire says out loud.
***To be continued, part 2***