Lloyd's Angel: Sun and Sand
May 2011
I couldn't remember a better Memorial Day weekend. Angel had completed her last class, and we'd said good-bye to the homework and book bag. The MBA was hers, even if the official commencement ceremony -- and the scary meeting with her parents -- still lay in the future.
On Sunday, the three of us celebrated the start of summer by packing a picnic and driving down to the park. We'd invited Danny, but he'd begged off, saying somebody needed to be minding the store.
The weather was fabulous, and the girls were wearing new bikinis. We staked out one of the grills near the beach volleyball courts, and I sat back in a lawn chair to relax and watch as Angel and Rose took on all challengers. The pair of them were toned and fit, if not particularly skilled, and it was a pleasure to serve as their cheering section. The slow-cooking ribs didn't take much of my attention, and I used the opportunity to reflect on the last six months of our lives.
Angel had been a real eye-opener, in more ways than one. I felt both pride in the way she'd blossomed and additional remorse at the years I'd stolen from her, but she never let me get away with the moping when she caught me at it.
She'd made a few deferential, and insightful, suggestions -- mostly just tweaking the personnel assignments -- which had made Danny so happy he'd laughed to me once that he might just turn Home Run over to her when he retired. I wasn't sure if he was joking or not, but it wasn't as implausible as it might have been.
Defeated again, the girls had to yield the court temporarily. I thought the guys they'd been playing had thrown a few points, just to draw the game out, but it hadn't been enough. The loss hadn't dampened their spirits, and they were laughing as they walked over to join me.
"I think we'd better put on some more sunblock," Angel told Rose. They'd both worked up a sweat, and Angel had a professional interest in not showing up at Home Run with a sunburn. "Can you grab the bottle?"
"Drink something first, why don't you?" I pulled a couple of water bottles from the cooler beside the chair while the girls collapsed on the towels spread on the grass in front of me, and handed them over.
"Thanks," Rose gasped a long drink later. "I guess I'm not as fit as I thought I was."
I laughed. "You're getting old! They must be 5 or 10 years younger than you are, and it looks like they do this all the time." They boys were playing for blood now, although I noticed the duo who'd defeated Angel and Rose kept looking our way; the newcomers had girlfriends with them.
Angel shot me a dirty look. "Lloyd! You're supposed to admire us and make us feel beautiful!"
"I've been doing that all day," I retorted with a leer. "I'll show you tonight." Rose stuck out her tongue at me, and I tossed her the lotion bottle while we all shared a laugh.
The pleasing scent that always reminded me of the beach filled the air while the girls oiled their arms and legs. I knew I should peek at the ribs, but I'd seen something in Angel's eye that told me to keep watching. She was studying Rose critically.
"I think your boobs are going to burn," Angel told her friend. "All around your top."
Rose squirted some additional sunblock on her fingers and tried to smear it around and just under the edges of the fabric covering her, but my brunette sexpot wasn't impressed.
"Oh, just take it off," she finally said, a little exasperated. "Nobody's looking."
That wasn't technically true.Iwas watching raptly, although the pair of them was used to that by now. The guys in the sandbox had traded ends, so their admirers had their backs to us except when they were getting into position after a point, but it was a public park.
Rose looked around uncertainly. With a tiny shrug, she reached behind herself to pop the catch and released her top. I noticed she took care to angle herself away from the volleyball match while she massaged lotion thoroughly into her mammaries. Her nipples were erect when she finished.
Angel smiled. "Now turn around, and I'll do your back." I hadn't seen her move, but she was in possession of Rose's top and didn't seem inclined to give it back.
The redhead blushed and ducked her head, but did as ordered. She knelt there, facing the volleyball game, while Angel spent about twice as much time as I thought was required to do the job.
Nobody, least of all I, had expected to see these new facets of Angel. I tugged briefly at my shorts to make room for my lengthening erection; maybe I wouldn't make it to the evening, after all.
There was absolutely no question in my mind that Angel would do anything, without question, that she believed I wanted or needed. The easy give-and-take I'd originally had with Angela had returned, and might confuse a casual onlooker, but she'd always be mine.
With others, though, she was a chameleon. The new Angel was the same sex addict she'd been, chained to her partner's orgasms, but she was a lot more creative and proactive about how she got them. She'd developed an uncanny ability to understand what turned people on.
If Rose was a little kinky and into lesbian bondage and discipline, then Angel was more than willing to push her buttons. Danny and I had been watching closely for almost half a year, and we'd seen some shocking things -- but never once anything that didn't have the client begging to know when they could have her again.
She genuinely didn't seem to care about the means, only the end. I spent a few sleepless nights worrying about what would happen if she met up with somebody who was really twisted, in a dark way, before deciding I'd just have to trust Angel and her love for me.
I settled back to enjoy the show. Angel didn't like to be left hanging, and that meant what she'd just started wouldn't be ended until the pair of them had climaxed.
A quick scan of our surroundings showed nothing unusual. That was another thing that, very privately, had me a little worried. I was a guy; there were a lot of others out that day, too. Men liked to look at beautiful women. I had two of them, right in front of me, in bikinis -- one of them topless -- rubbing lotion on each other, andnobodywas paying attention? Not without some "help," I reflected.
It almost had to be Angel. I'd never seen anything that didn't hover on the ragged edge of plausible deniability or amazing coincidence, and there was no hint about whether it was even something she did consciously. The most likely explanation was that something had broken loose after I'd been stirring up her mind.
The thing that made me nervous was that I couldn't see how she was doing things that I knew I couldn't duplicate myself. If the rest of the world decided to take notice of us after all, we'd be screwed.
"Lie down, now," Angel said, pulling my attention back to the present moment.
Rose gratefully flopped onto her stomach, suddenly no more noteworthy than many of the other sunbathers we'd seen. Her relief lasted about a minute before Angel started tugging down her bikini bottoms.
"Angela!" Rose's shriekdidturn heads. "What are you doing?!"
The crack of Angel's oily palm on Rose's butt rang like a gunshot. One of the guys on the sand shanked the ball so badly it went sideways, rolling in our direction; that I had to chalk up to fortuitous physics.
"Don't be a baby," Angel chided, working Rose's bottoms down onto her thighs and then started to spread more sunblock on her friend's buns.
The three of us watched the guy run down the ball nearly at our impromptu campsite. He, at least, had the expected masculine reaction to the girls. In his place, I would have been holding the ball in front of me; apparently more confident, he was content to cradle it in one arm and let us look at the tent in his baggy trunks. "Hey," he said, fixated on the girls, "are you going to play again? We're almost finished with these new guys."
"We might," Angel said. "Are they any good?" she asked, nodding towards the court. Her hand slid slowly down the cleft between Rose's cheeks.
"At volleyball?" the guy asked, totally mesmerized. He shook his head and laughed at himself. "Yeah, they're okay, but I'd rather be playing with you." His face flushed as what he'd said played back through his ears.
Angel laughed gently. "I'm Angela; this is Rose, and Lloyd."
"Nate," he grinned, nodding at the girls.
"Hey, Rose," Angel prompted, "I think we could take those girls. What if we play a foursome with Nate and his friend against those new people?"
Thus prodded, Rose had to look up. "Yeah, okay," she agreed.
"Excellent!" Nate smiled, gave us -- well, the girls -- a thumbs-up, and turned to trot back to his friend, who had started walking over to see what was going on.
"You'll have to put your bikini back on," Angel told Rose. "And I didn't finish yet."
"You!" cursed Rose, who rolled and started trying to grapple with her tormentor. I could have warned her against it, but didn't see a reason to bother.
The tussle ended predictably, with Angel on top, and Rose pinned on her back. They were kissing passionately, and Angel's hand crept between the redhead's thighs. I scanned our surroundings again, and returned my focus to them in time to see both bodies tremble and tense up in perfect synchronicity before relaxing.
Angel rolled off and both of them lay momentarily side by side, gazing up into the blue sky, wearing satisfied expressions on their faces. "I think Nate has a thing for redheads, Rose."
That was enough to make Rose quickly pull the bottom of her suit back into place. "Give me my top!"
"Um, Angela?" I broke in when it looked like she meant to prolong the tease. "I think you missed some skin, yourself."
With no more prompting than that, Angel flipped the top to Rose and grabbed the bottle of sunblock. I could only admire her unconscious grace as she rolled smoothly to her feet and came to stand before me. "Where?" she asked, holding out the bottle.
I squirted some lotion into one hand and rubbed both together. "Coincidentally enough, your breasts, I believe." I reached up and pushed the bottoms of her cups higher with my fingers, until they popped above her breasts and I could knead the lotion into them. Her eyes half closed, and fluttered when I pulled on her nipples.
It was fun, but I wasn't looking to make it with her in the middle of the park. I didn't drag out the massage, but I could see she was a little excited. I thought about teasing a finger or two into her bottoms, but Nate called out for them from the court.
"Behave, my love," I told her as she pulled her top back into its proper place.
"Why start now?" she quipped, stooping to kiss me, but hesitated when she saw I was serious. "They're attracted to each other; she had such atinycum." Angel reached out to caress my cheek. "Should I deny them a chance to find happiness due to timidity?"
"Don't deny them their free will," I replied, catching her hand in mine. "That would be a worse crime. Learn from my mistakes."
"Angela?" called Rose, hovering indecisively halfway to the volleyball court and looking towards us.
She squeezed my hand briefly before pulling free and skipping ahead to catch up. I sighed and pushed myself up out of the chair. It took a moment for me to catch my breath; another hazard of old age. A quick look under the lid suggested the ribs would survive for a time without me, so I strolled slowly after the beauties ahead of me.
The argument already was in progress when I reached the edge of the sand.
"You can't have four on a side!"
"What is this, a league?" asked Nate. "We're just having a little fun."
"They have rules for a reason. You can't just go making stuff up."
Angel gave a contemptuous laugh. "If you're afraid of losing, just say so. Like Nate says, it's just a little fun."
One of the girls on the other side of the court snorted. "You didn't look so tough before the last game -- dykes."
"Wrong on both counts!" laughed Angel, looking at the guys. "How about a bet? If you win, we'll blow you." She folded her arms and waited for their reaction, ignoring Rose's aghast expression.
The pain in my stomach was sudden and intense. "Oh, shit!" It didn't pass, and I felt dizzy, too. Angel was at my side, tormentors forgotten, before I could sink to my knees and sit on the grass.
"Lloyd, what is it?! Are you okay?" she asked, peering at my face. "Is it your heart?"
"I don't think so." I struggled not to moan under the relentless pain. "It's lower; appendicitis, maybe?" I looked up at the circle of faces staring at me. "Sorry to --aaaah!-- get in the way of your game."
"I called 911," Nate announced, joining us.
My vision narrowed, centered on Angel's wide eyes; a haze of glows illuminated the growing darkness around her. "Lloyd, stay with us! Don't scare me like this!"
Rose's voice sounded nearby. "He looks so pale!"
My consciousness expanded briefly, not in a good way, when the EMTs lifted me onto the stretcher. I wanted to curl into a fetal position, but the straps held me flat, and any movement sent jagged spikes of pain through my abdomen. Angel was my anchor, her grip crushing my hand while the aura of her mind spread over me like an electric lace canopy. The siren sounded so far away.
I hadn't been in a hospital since Alexandra died, and wasn't happy to be back. I felt strangely detached and almost sleepy, certain only of Angel's hand, while I floated in a sea of mind glows, many wracked by physical or emotional anguish, or even fading the way Alexandra had.
"Lloyd, I love you! Don't leave me!" sounded fuzzily in my ears. There was a rush of other voices too, but the sounds meant nothing to me.
"Angel..." Drawing breath hurt, and took too much effort. The glows around me started to fade away -- all except the closest, which flared to unbearable brightness. Suddenly the pain was gone; my consciousness lasted but an instant longer.