From his high school days Jason Saemchenko was interested in the more serious, social, societal issues in life. He was odd, really. His parents put it differently
"Jason is just a bit more centred than most of his peers, the kind of student all of his teachers really enjoyed having in their class room."
It was however a little surprising to his parents that he wanted to become an ordained minister, they had figured him for a lawyer type or at least something secular. They were also quite sure that given his youth and based on their own life experience, he would change his career plans a few times before he got to retirement age. Jason was not deterred and with his Masters of divinity degree was now on his first pastoral charge just outside the city of Vancouver. It was here that the pastor and the sexy wife, Belinda would settle for the next few years at least that was his plan.
Belinda Vail was not quite as enthralled as Jason when they first met. Belinda had a classic apple bum with a set of firm full boobs, a strikingly narrow waist and those flaring hips made for an awesome picture in a bikini as a 19 year old university student. Even fully clothed when she chose to wear those summer outfits, comprised of sleeveless tank tops and wide skirts, with broad belts she was all girl. Her face was long rather than round, framed by strong fiery red locks which were bobbed now, with caramel eyes the perfect nose, broad sexy lips and full cheeks that always betrayed her when she was forcing herself to be demure but particularly when she was excited. She was very much a modern version of the flower child and liked the party scene. Even though it would be a stretch to call Belinda promiscuous, she was most definitely a tease.
Hers was not a standard childhood compared to most families in Westwood Heights where she eventually grew up. Her mother and father never married but were faithful to each other and lived a somewhat unorthodox life style. He was a naturalist and lived as much as he could in the nude. Since her mother loved her father she was sympathetic to his views and causes and always fiercely independent and opinionated. After Belinda was born she was no less comfortable with nudity but began to see life differently and taking the longer view sought more conventional influences for her daughter. When Belinda was 10, her mother decided to move to Westwood Heights. Belinda and her mum stood out only because Westwood Heights was a more upscale neighbourhood at the time and a single Mum on a nurse's salary were unlikely residents, unless of course the child's father was someone like Lester TeKamp.
Lester was a very talented writer who had the good fortune to be able to turn his chronic cynical view of the world into best-selling mystery novels. The occasional screen play resulting from these novels added to Lester's independence. Belinda loved her Dad and never saw his odd behaviour as anything more than just her father being exactly who he was, eccentric............
-------------------------------------------------
"Belinda ...you have got to be kidding!!" Jason's voice is almost a soprano high pitched squeal and Belinda recognizes this tone and sees his face becoming flushed. He is truly stressed. Whenever she was able to elicit this tone in his voice she knew she really got his attention. Mind you with the hottest temperatures on record for a July it probably would not take much this month.
"You are honestly seriously considering another jaunt with Julie when you know how I feel about her???"
"Jason just hear me out.....please. You know how I am. I have never pretended to be anything other than honest with you. You should also know that when my actions could affect you, I am always thoughtful about your feelings."
Belinda moves from leaning her athletic frame up against the door jamb of Jason's home office and strides directly over to where he is sitting in his office chair, tilted back slightly because of the conversation and the disparity in elevation between them. Belinda is dressed in a wide white patterned cotton skirt and in taking those long strides to get to Jason the hem rides way up her tanned thighs and immediately attracts her husband's gaze. Her full breasts are just barely contained in a sleeveless tank top that ties at the back of her long sleek neck, the single simple knot of cloth hidden by her blonde locks trimmed short, framing her face. She is trying to be comfortable and sexy and most times her husband has issues with her efforts and the success of those efforts.
Completely unintentionally she flashes her husband as she squats in front of him, spreading her knees because that was the only way to stop herself from falling over, trapping his own hairy legs dangling from navy shorts between her own knees. Even though it was literally a split second, it was long enough for him to notice she was wearing a pair of those sexy black lace Victoria's Secret Cheekies that he had gotten her for Valentine's Day. Jason swallows hard and clears his throat nervously; he is finding it tough to remain angry or upset and is hoping his cock does not further betray him. Belinda demurely slaps her skirt down between her knees to bring the show to an abrupt end. At the same time and in response to this action her skirt climbs along her thighs and the hem settles about midway up. As she squats in this subordinate position, her eyes travel from gazing at her husband's knee caps to look deep into his eyes she momentarily catches a view down the right leg of her husband's shorts and realizes he is going commando today. This discovery brings the flicker of a smirk to her lips.
In the midst of this conversation between Belinda and Jason, Belinda remembers the last escapade with herself and Julie. That singular event was momentous for Belinda and the memories come flooding back with a reality that surprises her............
-------------------------------
Julie Barnhart is a really good looking woman. She is one of those fortunate people who never had a doubt about what she wanted, to be, a photographer. One of her trademarks has become Flash Nude Escapades; shooting nude models in perfectly normal out door settings, typically with the general public completely unawares. She had gotten so good at this that her exploits were becoming famous, making her somewhat of a cult type mini celebrity. There was never any warning. When the word had gotten out to the general public the shoot was over. She constantly harassed Belinda to be one of her models but she consistently refused. It wasn't a modesty issue, Belinda knew how Jason would feel and she really was only thinking of him when she would turn Julie down. Belinda's resolve for making excuses was weakening and Julie felt it would only be a matter of time before she gave in. Belinda was also bothered by the conflict produced by refusing her friend when she weighed her husband's comfort against her own sense of real adventure. Julie could not see Belinda's point of view. Julie felt that it was certainly worth one more try to get her friend onto one of her Flash Shoots as she called them. It was becoming an obsession. The potential drama and resulting chaos was just too much to pass up.........
------------------------------------------------
"Hey girl is this really you?" Belinda picks up the receiver to hear a familiar voice on the other end. It was her girl Julie.
"Look I am down town, why don't you catch the sky train down to the Market Square. I am staying at the Hyatt but I got this real interesting person I want you to meet."
"Is this someone in the business or a real close friend?" Belinda's curiosity is always on alert with Julie. Working as a professional photographer, there was no end of interesting people Julie liked to introduce to her friend. She enjoyed the psychological double bind she would place on Belinda in certain circumstances. This was not lost on Belinda who was increasingly cautious because she knew her friend so well. However, upon occasion, she would slip up.
"Sort of," came the answer.
"That's hardly an answer."
"Look," Julie continues, "Can you get down here tomorrow evening? I know you need warning so that you can apply for permission so that the great Lucifer can pray on it."
"Julie...that's hardly fair. Jason's conservative stance is totally understandable."
"Ok Ok look just call me on my cell and let me know where I can pick you up."
Belinda smiles as she hangs up the receiver. Belinda and Jason never could agree on where or how Belinda's friend Julie could fit into their lives. For Belinda it was easy, she was a best friend, there was no question as to where, when or how she should fit in. Jason had tried to explain that it really was not jealousy or even him being over protective. It was just being practical and savvy and smart about protecting the life they were now leading. In his role as the minister he had an obligation to set an example and be a role model and so it was vital that their life style be exemplary. As far as Jason was concerned, Julie represented a significant threat to their relationship and he did not take this lightly.
"Why don't you come shower with me?" Belinda catches Jason off guard with this playful request as she begins to get ready for a couple of days away from her husband.
" No... no... I have some work I just have to get to and I really should look over that report from the Synod on budgets. It is that time of year." Jason avoids Belinda's gaze and heads down stairs to his office before she can tease him any further. She shrugs her shoulders and heads off to the bathroom.........
------------------------------------------------------
"Wow ...you look hot!" Julie greets Belinda as she exits the subway with her pull along suitcase in tow. "The Rev did not dress you that is for sure. In fact did he see you leave?"
"No ...he didn't, he had to be out on church business. We talked though and by the way he does not dress me." Belinda's voice has playful indignation in its tone as she frowns, looking directly at her friend.
"I am right here," Julie points to her vehicle in the parking lot, just a block from the station. After closing the trunk lid with her case safely inside Belinda goes to the passenger side and hops in. Julie pulls out into traffic and navigates her way out onto Burrard Street.
Within 15 minutes they have pulled into the hotel underground parking and are heading for the elevator. Belinda takes a look at Julie, whose hair is pulled up onto the top of her head and with a see through top and form fitting jeans and gorgeous decorated designer pumps this girl is hot.
"We are here at the Hyatt Regency, this is a weeklong assignment, so the room I took is one of those two bedroom all-inclusive suites, so who better to share it with than you? I know you think I am impulsive and always have an agenda but you are here, that's the most important thing. Look, I really want you to meet Sam." Julie is absolutely gushing as she opens the door to her cavernous suite on the tenth floor; the pent house level is just above them.
"Why is it so important for me to meet this Sam?" Belinda enquires. Julie looks at her friend and suddenly grabs her and embraces her in tight hug while saying,
"It just is, it's important to me.....it will.... broaden your horizons" Julie seems a little loss for words.
"So I need to be somehow.... educated?"
"Yes... that is exactly it."
Belinda switches gears abruptly, "When do we eat? I am starving."
"By the way, Sam will join us for dinner. You will meet her then."
There was a little flutter of discomfort in Belinda's nether regions but she chose to put it down to her hunger. They get freshened up and head down to the dining room area. They were just sitting at their table when Belinda hears her name from behind her.
"So this is the hot Belinda I've heard so much about." The voice coming from behind them is a warm deep sexy voice that immediately gets Belinda's attention. She turns to see a very athletic woman dressed in a micro skirt with a large silk shawl draped over her shoulders with her lower back left bare. She strides over to where Belinda is sitting, leans over to press her breasts onto her neck and shoulders as she hugs her from behind with her still sitting in her chair. Julie rises and there is no mistaking what happens next. The two women embrace and kiss each other hungrily.
"Meet Sam." Was all Julie said directly to Belinda while still holding onto Sam and licking her top lip with her tongue. The two women take their seats at the round table and began perusing the menu. A waiter hurries over and the ladies place their orders.
"Well, Belinda, I hear that you are going to do a shoot with us tomorrow." Declares Sam to a scandalized Belinda, who now understands the ill comfort she had in the pit of her stomach.
"Whoa...just a minute....I never agreed to any such thing."
"The way I heard it, if I saw you here tonight, that meant that you were doing it and in my mind there is no doubt that you are here." Sam shakes her head for emphasis and at the same time pulls on one side of her shawl and removes it from around her shoulders revealing her glorious orbs to the subdued lighting around them.
"Julie has the location scoped out already and it is not far from here." Belinda is like a cornered animal knowing that she is trapped but desperately looking for an escape. If she goes through with this she knows her marriage is in jeopardy and she is not ready to push that hard to test her relationship with Jason. At the same time she is so turned on by the thought of being part of this adventure. She is quivering as she sits chewing on her bottom lip. She looks straight at Julie, pleading for mercy with her eyes. Julie, like a cat playing with its mouse prey picks up her goblet with a flourish while staring back and throws back a gulp of wine. Belinda is sure she hears the metallic clang of the trap closing in on her. She knows she simply cannot get out of this. The noise is real, but it is the server bringing their food to the table. He notices the topless Sam, without missing a beat he slides over and repositions the shawl around Sam's shoulders.
"I do apologize but our Manager has very strict rules about our dress code."
The waiter is properly officious and obsequious enough that it defuses what could be a more tense and embarrassing situation and even though Belinda expects Sam to resist she does not. Inexplicably Belinda's pussy begins to pulse and throb the way it does when she is getting horny and Jason is actually seriously interested.
After their meal the girls rise from the table and Sam removes her shawl this time defiantly and strides through the restaurant topless daring another intervention from hotel staff. It does not happen and apart from the occasional double take from a guest, their trip back to the suite is uneventful. Sam and Julie begin to get ready for their episode and Belinda to continue to freak internally.
"Well if it is any consolation, you don't need to worry about wardrobe." Julie is honest and stone faced in her delivery, for about 10 seconds then both Sam and Julie break out into shrieks of laughter at Belinda's expense. This goes on for a good 5 minutes and finally Belinda realizing that she can't beat them joins in the laughter at herself.
In between taking breaths because of her own hard laughter Belinda manages to choke out, "Ok here I am Julie, you won, I'll do it, without you having to tie me to anything." Before Julie can respond to refute the statement Belinda carries on.
"I know you, Julie, whether you admit the truth or not you would have had a plan B, which probably would have included drugs of some sort and possibly shackles. So I am just playing it safe as ironic and contradictory as that sounds, given the circumstances."
Julie begins rubbing her palms swiftly together, exclaiming, "Ok we are heading to Granville Market. It's right near here. It is the perfect venue for my type of theme. There are great natural props; I am talking trees, people, so I think this is going to be fantastic."
Julie is beaming and more than a little pleased with herself to have Belinda right where she wanted her. She looks directly at her and says,
"D-Day is tomorrow morning we start to shoot at 8:00am so you'll have to be prepped a couple hours before. I'll tell you everything you need to know as we go. Sam has done this with me before so she will most likely be doing her own thing and I will concentrate on keeping the shoot on target and worrying about you, but everything will be fine."
"She is the best, you are in great hands." Sam chimes in looking at Belinda with genuine concern, Belinda is comforted by the honesty she sees in Sam's expression.
Belinda becomes more unsettled as she realizes that Granville Market is as public as you can get and doubts about her resolve creep in as she understands the implications of her decision to go along with Julie's little escapade. She hears a conversation in her head complete with pros and cons. She constantly runs up against her own emotional baggage in the midst of her thought process. She is so into herself she is unsure if the knock she hears is real. When Julie opens the door and walks in she knows it is.
"We have a slight change in plan." Julie looks at Belinda really looking for a reaction of panic or pleading relief but Belinda is now into the game and refuses to give Julie the satisfaction. Julie continues and now gets her hands into the conversation to assist her explanation of what she is saying.
"In order to get the best most honest reaction that's feasible from these events I think we need to do this a little later than first thing in the morning."
"Ok so when were you thinking?"
"Well here's the thing. There are a few key aspects of any of my shoots of this type. One is the shot itself and there can be a few before we get the right one but believe me there is always one that says it all. Also, in this case there will only be the two of you as the subjects so it's the mass shock effect that I am going for as opposed to a mass nudity thing. So the concept is a slight shift from the norm." Julie ponders for a moment then carries on.
"What that all means is, I need to have you at a specific spot. One of the entrances, is one possibility, where I can get the big sign in the shot. It is just an obvious aspect for me as the artist. Secondly, although I don't want them featured prominently in the shots there must be an obvious on looker component. The least interested the better but sometimes that is difficult to achieve and obviously we don't want the other extreme where there is too much interest as that completely spoils the effect I am going for."
Lying in bed Belinda hears Julie's voice, Belinda suddenly gets it, the other side of this adventure she has been roped into. She feels her anxiety turning ever so slowly into anticipation and actually to her own amazement feels her emotional involvement peeling away to reveal a more passive objective point of view. She transforms to being a cog in this underground creative process of procuring a visceral reaction from life. In doing so she actually sees the various mechanical components that are necessary to make this experience a totally successful one. She drifts off to sleep.
She is the first one up, she takes her shower and waits around in her bath robe until the others wake. When Julie strides out Belinda greets her.
"Ok I am ready."
"Good." Julie is not convinced and still thinks in her heart of hearts that when they get into the real nitty gritty her friend will bolt on her and she'll end up with a less than stellar experience.
"We will have you at the Johnson Street side, there is a large sign right there that I need in the shot. To go inside we run the risk of getting trapped or worse, knocking something over, we don't want to do any damage or create a costly accident. There are also quite enough natural props right there; I will have you strike a number of poses using them. If the situation allows and we can pull it off, I would really like to have you either swing from that overhead decorative bar that's there or maybe drape yourself on it as people walk underneath. Ok... Sam, Sam?"
Julie is looking around for Sam who seems to have vanished without anyone noticing and certainly without giving any indication of her impending absence. A voice answers from the back bedroom.
"Coming."
Sam arrives looking a little flushed; she is dressed in a long denim dress with a long split at the side and running shoes that looked like they had never been used.
"Take Belinda into the room there and completely oil her down with the sheen body oil we normally use. I want her absolutely covered all over."
Belinda is pushed gently down the short hall and into a bedroom Julie is using for a prop room. Apart from the obvious, it was after all a bedroom, on the floor along one wall is a line of tote cartons with all manner of photographic lenses and cameras and accessories. One of the cases has a number of oils and make up products inside. After a quick scan Sam selects two pump bottles of lightly coloured oil. Belinda attempts to take these items from Sam who pulls back and gestures to Belinda to disrobe and lie on the table set up just for this purpose. Belinda removes her clothes and climbs onto the table and lies face down. Sam begins to apply the lotion. When Sam reaches between Belinda's legs she jumps and quickly dismounts.
"Ok, I can do the rest, really I can."
Belinda holds out her hand for the container that Sam is holding in a very protective manner. Belinda gestures and Sam finally gives it up but does not leave the room. Instead she watches as Belinda quickly covers her body and the result is quite dramatic, her body glistens. Belinda hands the container back to Sam just as Julie announces that she is ready and the reveals the details of the action plan.
"You have to realize that this is somewhat non-standard but I have not lost any models yet and certainly no arrests and I don't intend to start now."
Julie dreads what she is about to say and almost feels that this is really the end for Belinda's involvement as she knows that she is now about to give her an out.
"So, it is important for a successful outcome that you, Belinda, remain on alert at all times as well as in the moment for every shot. The reason being, I cannot predict what might happen and more importantly, I can't control what could happen. We are operating very close to the flight or fight threshold of the human psyche and we will have to be swift if the situation warrants a decision. So you have to make up a safe word and let us know what it is, so that when you say it, we know you have had enough. All of our moves will be instinct based so we have to pay very close attention to each other. Do you understand?"
Belinda nods a yes to Julie's question.
"Now.... do you want out?"
Julie was so sure of the answer she would hear, she stops listening and begins to fondle the strap around her neck on which the camera was suspended as a prelude to removing it and packing it away.
"My safe word is Holy," came Belinda's response, so softly at first it did not register with Julie that she had responded. She turns to look at Belinda who realises that Sam had not heard her so she repeats.
"My safe word is, Holy."
Julie's heart skips a beat she simply cannot believe her ears but she does not let on; turning away from Belinda she says in as level a voice as she can muster.
"Great.. So we will do a first run fully clothed. This puts everybody at ease and then we will continue with you guys completely nude.... Sam, bring out the dress we have for her and demonstrate how things work to Belinda."
"So here is my dress and I appear to be fully clothed." Sam is standing and doing a slow turn with her arms outstretched providing an unobstructed view of the dress.
"Notice it is strapless, so no arm holes to worry about, this is a key factor. To be ready for the shoot we get all setup with the dress on. When Julie is ready she shouts, "GO!" and... voila!"
Sam slips her fingers underneath her right armpit and tugs quickly and firmly. The Velcro snap, so carefully and expertly sewn into the full length of the dress, comes apart and she tosses the garment. She is completely naked and Belinda's jaw drops in amazement. Her gaze is riveted to Sam's crotch. She is one of those, those tranny types, she has a penis. Belinda hears these words screaming in her head and this adds to her uber state of arousal. Sam notes Belinda's response and dresses quickly before she begins to show her own interest. Belinda takes her dress that Julie had selected for her to wear and wraps it on her body, sealing the temporary seal under her armpit. In her case the hem is puffed and ruffled so that the skirt looks fuller like one of those designer numbers. She is suitably impressed when she sees herself in the mirror.
"We are ready, people." Julie strides out of the suite towards the elevator with camera equiptment in hand. She muses half to herself,
" I would really like some additional lighting but it does not make sense to take equiptment down there and possibly have to leave it, if we have to make a hasty exit for any reason."
When they have piled in Julie's car she continues the commentary for Belinda's benefit.
"So here is what we do. We will go in and I will show you where the shoot will take place. I will give some general instructions and then once I say GO,then whip off the dresses and listen to my verbal cues, as I will want poses as I see things unfolding. I will keep you guys as close together as makes sense, so that in case there is any kind of mob scene we'll not get separated. That OK?"
Sam and Belinda nod their approval. After picking a parking spot about three blocks from the market area. The girls walk towards Granville Market entering on the Johnson Street entrance. Going a little ways into the market and then exiting through nearby side doors, circling back to the entrance. Julie readies herself for the shoot. Belinda moves into frame and stands next to a main structure with her rear to the camera. After about 45 seconds pretending to adjust her dress she whips it off and poses completely nude this time facing Julie. She seems to lose herself in the moment. She turns side on to Julie then there is a full frontal, then she bends provocatively always with the camera in mind.
Julie begins snapping photographs with the continuous setting on the camera with a three second delay between frames. Then Sam moves into frame being much more overt with her poses. Julie continues shooting as if she is on a closed set.
" Yea,...... love it...... turn, look up....... No.... towards the street."
Julie is fortunate the roof structure is glass so the effect is to amplify the sun's rays falling through the gable like roof above them. It gives the perfect additional flood effect she is looking for. The women's bodies glisten as the full effect of the oil on their bodies is completely emphasized by the sun's rays through the glass ceiling. The girls continue their posing with the last dozen or so with Sam and Julie very erotically entwined until Julie shouts "Wrap!"
Belinda cannot believe what she has just done. Word spreads throughout the market and soon the typical traffic at this entrance begins getting heavier. There seems to be more milling about. The shopping crowd ebb and flow slows and it looks as though people want to gather rather than hustle about their business. There is a wild rumour that a porno is being shot without a permit. Julie believes it is time to go. She has what she believes to be the evidence of their presence in the Granville Market on this day. The girls are in no hurry to dress and follow Julie as she walks along Johnson Street. The warm summer sunshine reflects off their oiled their bodies producing a shimmer as they walk. There is a small crowd forming at the entrance watching them walk away. The air is electric as more people take notice. It is almost like a mini parade in Mardi Gras fashion just with three people in the procession. There is a hushed whispering and then Julie hears the sirens in the distance and knows that it is time the girls fold themselves into their outfits.
"Belinda's safe word is HOLY and I say we all say HOLY."
Julie's voice is just above a whisper but the girls detect her intensity and their reaction is immediate. They quickly cover themselves with their dresses and the impromptu audience applauds as they realise the spectacle is ended. Apart from Julie's camera equiptment which is now neatly tucked into her camera bag, there is little evidence that any extra ordinary picture taking is going on. The siren gets louder as the police car turns into the one way street moving towards the girls.
"Ok you know what to do, see you at the car, ladies."
On cue the ladies put a little more distance between each other and then having come to a natural fork, where Johnson Street meets two other streets, the girls each take a separate street.
Sam continues on Duraland Street and Belinda takes Johnson, Julie wanders down Anderson Street and as a further precaution they each blend into the crowd and wander into separate stores. Belinda is hyper sensitized to her completely naked body underneath this dress, as she moves the dress caresses her intimately adding to her already acute arousal. She experiences a rush as she passes by shoppers talking about the nude shoot, some in disbelief. Belinda smiles to herself but makes no other signal to indicate any acknowledgement of the topic of conversation. She is getting a high similar to but not quite equivalent to an orgasm. She walks through the market and on up toward where the car is parked. By the time she gets there the other two women are waiting for her. Belinda collapses on the hood of the car, in mock exhaustion. This causes a stir as the hem of her skirt rides all the way up exposing her nude bum.
"What are you doing?" Julie asks in amazement and some concern.
"I don't want to blow this, we have almost done it. Get in the car, let's get out of here."
Belinda quickly gathers herself up and trips around to the rear door and piles in as Julie pulls away.
" Sorry...Sorry I ..."
"Yes I know it's your first time."
Julie responds while casting a wary eye for anyone else that might have connected too many dots for their own good. They continue driving and Julie decides to get onto the Granville Street Bridge. She exits on the other side of the river and drives a square block configuration and picking up the Burrard Street Bridge to get them back into downtown and their hotel. They pull into the underground parking without incident.
------------------------------------------
"As I told you earlier I want to attend this year's National Nude Day party held at Browns Bay on July 14th. It is important to me."
Belinda's breathing is laboured awaiting Jason's response. She also never really told Jason everything that happened when Julie and she and Sam went on the Flash Shoot in the city. She didn't think the time was right and she just never got around to it before this came up.
Jason cannot believe his ears. He has seen a change in his wife of 7 years and it was ever since she came back from that time in the city with Julie.
"I blame Julie for this. She has stirred something inside you that while I find it hot and arousing it's scary, fucking scary."
Belinda is shocked to hear her husband swearing. It is not that Jason is some kind of saint; he had trained himself over the years not to. She stares in disbelief. The phone warbles and jolts them from their intense conversation. Jason spins his chair and now with his back to Belinda picks up the handset. Belinda overhears the conversation as a series of answers and questions from Jason but ultimately realises that he is going to have to head over to the church to deal with the matter. Jason stands up from his now hunched over position and hangs up. Turning to his wife he stretches out both hands and says
"Come with me to the church, sweetheart."
Without any hesitation, Belinda takes Jason's outstretched hands into hers and they hold each other. They head towards the office entrance which leads to the back yard of the house.
"Just let me get my car keys and the church keys wait for me in the drive way. I'll come out the side door and we'll head down. Shouldn't be long, Annette our organist is leaving and she doesn't have her keys, so there is no one to secure the place."
Jason shares this info as he bounds up the stairs two at a time finishing the sentence out of sight of Belinda.
The drive is a really a short 10 minutes and if someone was not waiting on Jason they would have walked. Annette is waiting, she is a very large overweight woman who limps heavily but is a trained soprano and Jason knows he is very fortunate to have her leading the church choir. As soon as Annette recognizes Jason's car coming down the hill she starts hobbling towards her own car. She stops short of getting into the drivers' seat to let Jason know the YPC meeting in the basement was about to break up and he could hurry them along. They wave goodbye and Annette drives off.
Jason pulls on the heavy oak door and immediately hears the garbled conversations of several young people arising out of the basement. It gets louder as the first freckled face youngster appears at the top of the stairs and upon seeing Jason and Belinda yells back down to her peers to hurry up and turn out the lights. There is a rustle and rumbling and jingling of keys and knap sacks and purses as a dozen teenagers trip up the stairs. They head out the entrance to dissipate into the evening, leaving Jason and Belinda at the entrance to the church. There is an eerie silence as the last voice disappears over the hill. Jason sets the alarm, pulls the door closed and then steps outside with Belinda right behind him. Without removing his hand from the door, Jason inserts his key and turns it sharply and quickly pulling the door with a shaking motion to make sure it's secure.
The implications of his recent conversations with Belinda seem to descend on Jason. This forces him to reach for his wife and hold her in a passionate hug as though he wanted to somehow draw her physically inside him. Belinda breathes in gasps he is holding her so tightly. His hands with fingers extended in such an exaggerated fashion that Belinda really only feels Jason's palms roaming over her body, begin to knead her flesh and she feels both palms assault her derriere. With one cheek in each palm Jason kneads mercilessly, pulling and squeezing her luscious body even tighter to his own. Belinda feels her vagina lips part and distorts and moistens quickly with the deep kneading from her husband's palms on her arse. As he squeezes and pulls apart each orb spreading the crack of her arse under her skirt she spreads her legs in a wider stance to keep her balance. Jason's face is buried deep in his wife's neck and shoulders as he is completely overcome with pent-up emotions that he never fully vented, he sucks hard on her neck area. She squirms and attempts to get her flesh out of his mouth without success. His very hard cock unencumbered by underwear tries valiantly to escape the material of his shorts as it contorts and crumples with the gyrations of the two bodies and Belinda definitely feels it seeking her heat as it rubs and pushes deep into her groin area.
It is getting darker out and the nearest home is so close to the church that if Jason and Belinda were not otherwise occupied they could the click of the switch as the neighbours turn on their lights. Jason's fingers find the sash cord to Belinda's top, he slowly but deliberately pulls an end. With her top undone, Belinda's breasts spill out to the evening air; her nipples harden as much from Jason's ministrations as form the cool evening temperature. Jason grabs her skirt's elasticized waistband and pulls her skirt along with her panties down to her ankles. Belinda is speechless completely speechless. She has unleashed something in her husband in the same way Julie unleashed something in her. Jason becomes even more animated and Belinda feels his penis free and untethered hungrily searching for her now sopping vagina and realizes his shorts have been discarded. In an almost automatic response to this unexpected passion Belinda leaps onto Jason while he is still standing, supporting most of her weight with her arms wrapped in a death grip around his neck, her legs around his waist. Jason wastes no time and like a beacon his cock finds those wet lips and Jason rams it home. Belinda gasps as it feels like Jason has pushed the head of his cock right onto her cervix. The passionate tussle going on against the church door is only partially concealed in the darkness but the two are now completely oblivious. The weight of Belinda and the constraint stroking begins to get to Jason's knees and the pair slowly sink down to the concrete stoop with Belinda's back up against the church door her legs up around Jason's shoulders.
"Oh God I can't believe this, I am going to come... OH.. God I am going to come!"
Jason is almost beside himself. His cock vomits heavily into Belinda's pussy. She responds by kissing him deeply and as she feels his cock pulsing inside her, she begins her own orgasm. She gives over to the tremors and shivers typical of her orgasms, her eyes are closed. In the midst of this visceral reaction, her pussy sucks on Jason's cock in a series of tight contractions. Jason holds her as she whimpers and shudders even more through her own ecstasy. Eventually the pair returns to consciousness but are completely spent, still wrapped up in each other's bodies. Jason gives Belinda a final wet kiss before he flops out of her and Belinda deposits a dollop of love cream from her vagina onto the concrete under her. Jason finally stands, feeling his knees protesting but holds out his hand to his dishevelled wife still in a semi squatting position. The light directly above them and the entrance clicks on and bathes both of them in a hazy orange tint. They scramble away towards their car but stop in relative safety of semi darkness to finish dressing, as Belinda turns with her back to him and motions for him to tie up her halter.
"Divine intervention?" she muses with a mischievous smile. Jason holds her skirt for her to step into. He pulls on his shorts but grabs Belinda's panties and puts them in his pocket. They brush the street dust and sand from their clothes. Belinda runs her hands through her hair. Jason is about to open his car door when something causes him to pause and take in his surroundings.
"Seems unusually dark doesn't it? Like if there is a power outage, just on this block, can everybody be out at the same time and leave no lights on?"
Belinda looks around at the houses that normally would be lit by now as it is almost pitch black.
"Can't be a power outage the street lights are on."
Jason starts the engine, Belinda buckles her seat belt.
" So.... wanna go with me to the Nude Day party?"