After we had settled in to our new life in St Albans I needed a new job. I was a directors secretary back in Yeovil. Derek had said there was no need to get a job as his new salary covered everything. I, however missed getting fucked by my bosses and with my craving for cock, I knew I had to get one.
I started applying for jobs locally and in London. In the meantime we had made friends with a few other couples. One of them, Alan had just opened an insurance brokers office locally and needed some help. His wife, Meg, had a good job which they needed until his got off the ground.
After some discussion, I offered to help until I found the job I wanted. Alan was.more than happy, I should point out that I had not fucked him, yet!
Basically he wanted some eye candy to sit in the office, by the large front window, to attract the younger clients for car insurance.
I started after we got back from our weekend in Paris, where I had displayed my body and fucked all sorts of guys. At D's suggestion I had a STD test to make sure I had not picked up something from the sex show or the drop outs in the park. I was clean.
I had no trouble wearing revealing clothes, see through bloses, short skirts or dresses that hardly covered me. He soon had a steady stream of guys calling in to leer over me, but he was good and sold them insurance.
After a few weeks Alan and I were packing up for the evening and I was putting some papers away bending over my desk. I knew my skirt was very short that day and I was giving him a full view of my ass. My knickers were basically a strip of material that covered nothing.
"Fuck you have a lovely ass Anna, no wonder they keep coming in to see you."
"Thank you Alan, that's what you want isn't it?"
As I turned my tits were showing through my blouse and I could sense my nipples were hard.
"You like looking at me as well, don't you?"
"Fuck yes, can't you tell that." He said standing up with his cock making a tent pole in his trousers.
"Nice tent pole," I grinned at him.
I locked the front door, bending right over to fix the bottom lock.
The rear door was through his office and as I walked by him I had a feel of his cock through his trousers.
"Need anything else Alan?"
I caught hold of his zip and pulled it down. I released his cock from his pants, nice one I thought, as I stroked it. It was already leaking as I squeezed it. I leaned over and licked the pre- cum. It was nice and sweet tasting. Soon it was in my mouth. He was trying to get my blouse off.
"Wait a minute," as I took it off and dropped my skirt, I peeled down my knickers.
"Perhaps I should wear this in the office!"
I carried on sucking his cock as he pulled his trousers down.
I could feel his balls tighten, fuck he's going to cum already. With that he filled my mouth with his spunk. I swallowed most of it, a few drops splashed on my face as he pulled his cock out.
"Sorry Anna, Meg doesn't suck cock and what you did with your mouth and tongue was fucking amazing."
I told him not to worry as I got to work on his cock with my mouth again. It did not take long for it to harden up again. When it did, I sat on his desk, opened my legs.
"Fuck me Alan."
His balls were soon banging on my ass as he fucked me.As he had just cum he was giving me a good fuck, my legs were around his waist and I was nearing my orgasm. I get quite loud when I cum.
"Oh fuck, thats it keep fucking me, fill my cunt with your cock, cum in me Alan," I shouted.
With that he picked up the pace and pounded his cock up my cunt. We both came together. His cock flopped out and our cum was running out of my cunt. I used my fingers to scoop some up and put it in mouth.
Alan just watched as I continued eating our cum from my cunt.
"Want some," I asked offering him my fingers to lick. He opened his mouth and took some.
"Fuck your a dirty cunt, Anna, that was the best fuck I've had for years."
I should point out he was about 40, so quite a bit older than me. He was fairly tall and athletic, as I slowly dressed. He was still smiling as we left.
The next day he had a meeting with a local businessman who was looking for insurance for his companies, a big chance for Alan.
I saw him give me the once over as I showed him through to Alans office. I made some coffee for them, making sure he could see my tits as I served them. A while later he left, smiling at me. Alan called me in, he said he had something to ask me, a big favour.
"Go on then, ask me."
"Well that guy owns a lot of company's and his business would be worth a lot to me. He was interested in giving it to me on one condition."
Before Alan could say anymore, I just said.
"He wants to fuck me doesn't he."
"Yes, how did you know?"
"He is that type, I just know them. When and where?"
"What, you will," he said spluttering.
"Of course, set it up. Know if I do that I think you had better fuck me again. Why don't you call him as you fuck me."
I bent over his desk lifting my skirt up and ran my fingers up and down my slit.
I made sure the guy heard me cumming as Alan fixed me up with him. Alan dropped the phone as he shot his load up me.
The meeting was arranged for two days time, he would pick me up from the office for the afternoon.
The next day I had a job interview in London. I dressed in a business suit and made sure I looked respectable.
I caught the train down, then the tube. Being late morning it was quiet so it was a pleasant journey.
The interview went well, or so I thought. It was in an advertising agency for a secretary to one of the partners. They were impressed with my experience and qualifications and asked if I could attend another interview later that day as the guy I would be working for was out until then.
I agreed straight away and happily looked around the shops for a while.
I went back to meet the guy I would be working for. He seemed impressed and after a few tests, typing and shorthand etc. he promised to let me know by the end of the week.
It was gone 5 o'clock by the time I left and a totally different commuting experience. The tubes were crowded, I was squeezed between total strangers. I had hands feeling my ass, one guy looking me straight in the face put his hand up under my suit jacket and was feeling my tits. It was tight I could not move, he was smiling in my face as he worked his hand inside my blouse. He had managed to undo the buttons and soon had one of tits out of my bra.
I was trapped, I had one shoulder against the end wall of the carriage, the guy behind me had just squeezed in and his back was to the door. The other side of me was a guy with his back to me. The guy facing me was smiling as he played with my tits.
"Nice tits," he whispered.
"Please stop, don't touch me," I asked.
I felt the guy behind me running his hands up my thighs, fuck he was lifting my skirt up. The one facing me was running his other hand up between my thighs from the front, made easier by the guy behind pulling my skirt up.
"Please don't" I begged again.
"Relax, you will enjoy this, your nipples are fucking hard, it's turning you on isn' t it. Open your legs for me?"
"No, don't."
I knew he was right, my nipples were hard and my knickers were getting moist. I felt his fingers rubbing my cunt, fuck he was on my clit. Don't rub it, I thought.
I then felt a cock between my ass cheeks, how had he done that, he was rubbing it over my ass. The fingers on my clit were pressing hard. I tried not to, but I felt my legs opening. The guy behind was now pulling my knickers down, slowly.
I felt them around my knees, I looked around, no one was watching. I felt a finger enter my slit.
"Fuck your wet already, you are a naughty girl," the one facing me said as another finger entered me."
I felt the guy behind me sliding his cock up the crack in my ass, he was leaking cum already. Were they working together I wondered.
I tried, but a low moan escaped my lips. They knew what they were doing as at the stops the doors opened on the other side.
His fingers were fingering my cunf, he had his thumb on my clit. I was going to cum, I had to, it felt so exciting being abused by these two guys.
My orgasm arrived just as the cheeks of my ass were covered in sticky hot spunk.
My cum covered his fingers as he kept finger fucking me.
"Told you, fucking bitch, enjoying it now."
We arrived at my stop and they finally stopped. I pulled my skirt down as the doors opened behind us. My knickers, by now, were on the floor. I had no chance to pick them up as everyone got out.
I watched the two guys walk away as cum was dribbling down from my ass and out of my cunt. My legs were trembling as I made my way to the main station for my train to St Albans.
I went to the ladies to clean up. As I was using some tissue to wipe some spunk off my skirt a lady said, "tube fun?"
"Yes I said, two of them."
"Do what I do love, always wear old clothes and change at work. It saves your best ones getting messy."
I thought that was good advice as I made my way to the train. I found a seat, luckily, and then I saw him sat opposite me. The guy who finger fucked me.
He looked perfectly normal, nice suit, quite attractive. He grinned when he saw me. He was opening his legs and pointing to me. The bastard knew I had no knickers on and wanted me to flash my cunt at him.
The train was quite busy but not crowded. He smiled, mouthing "go on" as he spread his legs. I found myself smiling as I crossed my legs first, then my legs seemed to open on their own accord.
Stop it, I said to myself as he licked his fingers.
He hitched his trousers up, he wanted me to pull my skirt up. I looked around, not many could see up my skirt so I moved around on my seat, gently easing my skirt up. My legs were now wide enough open so that he could clearly see my bush. I felt as horny as hell.
I was flashing to a stranger who, not long ago, was fingering me on a tube train.
I kept crossing and uncrossing my legs. I opened my suit jacket and a few buttons on my blouse, well it was hot on the train.
He mouthed to me,"want to fuck?"
Before I could reply we pulled into St Albans. I stood up, smiled at him and left the train.
I was walking to the car park along with a few other people. My car was right at the far end and it was dark. I heard footsteps behind me, looking back I saw him.
He caught me up.
"You never answered me, I asked if you wanted a fuck?"
My mind was working overtime. If I said no, would he rape me. If I said yes, I was nothing more than a slut. That convinced me, as I knew I was a slut.
At my care I opened the door, took off my skirt and suit jacket. I bent over the bonnet of my car.
"Of course I want a fuck, now stick your cock up my cunt now. Just fuck me and make it hard and rough.
His cock was out, a nice size, quite thick.
"I knew you would when I looked in your eyes on the tube, you enjoyed being felt up didn't you."
"Yes, now fuck me please."
I spread my legs, stuck my bum in the air. His cock was rubbing my cunt lips, I pushed back.
"Stick it in me."
"Greedy cunt aren't we, you want it rough then take this."
He pushed my head down on my car, he slapped my ass hard five or six times. He grabbed my hips and pushed his cock straight up my asshole.
I screamed in pain as he just took my ass dry.
"Like this you dirty cunt, like it up your ass."
After a few strokes the pain eased, I started pushing back.
"Fuck, thats it, harder you bastard, fuck my tiny asshole."
I was cumming in next to no time.
"I'm fucking cumming, oh god don't you dare stop, I want your cum in my ass."
He speeded up, his cock was really pounding my ass. He grunted as his load shot up my anal passage. Two, three loads of spunk were filling my ass. I orgasmed again as he unloaded his cum.
His cock fell out with a loud plop from my ass.
"Turn the tart over." I heard.
Who said that I wondered as he pulled my hair lifting me off my car. He pushed me on my back over my car bonnet. Another guy had been watching us, he got between my legs, his arms under my knees lifting my legs up.
His cock was in my cunt in a second as the first one pulled my blouse off. He got my bra off and was squeezing my tits.
"She is fucking loving it, we have a real horny bitch here, god her cunt is tight and so fucking juicy." The second guy was saying.
"So was her ass, it went in her with no lube, she was soon cumming like a slut."
I was on my back, naked in the car park being fucked by two strangers and my cunt was running in my juices. I orgasmed over and over as they took turns filling my cunt with their spunk.
I had drained them dry, they got me to suck their cocks clean.
"Thank you guys, I fucking needed that. Hope to see you again when I'm commuting.
By the way, my name is Anna."
I sat in my car naked, my cunt was still throbbing from the fucking it had taken. I found my bag and lit a cigarette. I thought I'm going to like the train and tube rides.
The next day I was back helping Alan. I asked him more about the guy he was pimping me out to. Alan said he was a very successful business guy and getting his insurance work would be worth a lot. He also said that I would get a bonus.
"You mean your going to pay me for fucking him, like a whore," I said, but with a grin on my face.
The afternoon came and he arrived. I had not dressed any different and he looked at me with a smile.
"Was that you I heard over the phone cumming when Alan called me."
"Might have been." I replied.
He spent some time with Alan, going over paperwork and then we left.
I got in his car. His name was Brian.
"Anna, Alan told me about you, he was offering you to me in return for my business. Do you mind?"
"No, don't get me wrong. I'm not a whore, I just love sex."
I told him about D, my husband who, due to his job, was away a lot.
He drove for a while, his hand on my thigh. I let my skirt ride up, my bush showing through my knickers. He then turned into a drive leading up to his house, which surprised me.
"Come on in Anna, this is my wife Carol, if you don't mind she will be joining us."
I guess that were in their 50's, she was slim and attractive and he still had a good figure.
Carol wasted no time in undressing me. She pushed me back on the sofa and was soon on her knees between my legs. As she started eating my cunt I thought it had been a while since another woman had done this to me.
She was good as I watched her lick me, finger me, sucking on my clit.
My juices were soon flowing. She looked and said to Brian.
"Your going to love this one, her cunt tastes delicious and it's nice and tight."
Brian had stripped and was playing with his cock as his wife brought me to my first orgasm. I pulled her head tightly onto my cunt as I came. Carol just kept sucking on my cunt as my cum squirted out. She looked up at me, smiling.
"She's ready now dear," she said as Brian got between my thighs and his slid easily up my cum filled cunt.
Brian started fucking me, moving his cock around inside me, using it all to touch everywhere inside me.
He was a good fuck, he took his time making me come first before he had my ankles back alongside my head as thrust away. His spunk filled my cunt with the first load, he took his cock out and jerked the rest over my tits and face.
I licked up what I could as he rubbed his cum over my tits.
Carolthen appeared, she was naked now apart from a huge, and I mean huge strap-on cock sticking out.
"My turn, turn over Anna lets see if you like this beauty."
It must have been at least 12 inches long and very thick. I did as I was told and bent over the sofa offering my ass to her.
She was stroking it, she put some fingers up my cunt and wiped some juices over this monster.
She rubbed it between my thighs, up and down the crack in my ass between my cheks. Brian was watching as she eased the head between my cunt lips. I felt it stretching my cunt, oh god it was big, I wiggled my ass.
"Oh my god, it's fucking lovely Carol, fuck me, fuck me, I want it all. Stick it right up my cunt."
She did, all of it went deep inside me. I was screaming in pain and pleasure as I orgasmed. She just kept pounding away, making me cum over and over until I heard shout she was cumming.
Brian had got hard again by now, but my cunt was so wide after that monster it would not have touched the sides. He took Carols place behind me, he rubbed his cock inside my cunt, using my juices before he pushed it against my anus.
"Do you mind it up your ass Anna?"
"I just love cock Brian, you can put it wherever you want."
With that he pushed hard, my anus opened as the head of his cock forced past my sphincter.
"Fuck it's so tight Carol, her ass is better than her cunt."
He soon built up a rhythm giving me a good ass fucking. He came up my ass. God I love being fucked. Carol sucked his cock before I could get to it.
As I dressed Carol said that I must come to one of their parties, only five or six couples and to bring my husband. I told her we would as Brian dressed and we headed for his car. Carol stood by the front door with her cock hanging down, waving as we left.
Brian dropped me back at the office.
"Tell Alan he has my business and I will recommend a few friends to use his service."
"I will and thank you for fucking me."
Alan was delighted and closed up, he fucked me over his desk as I told him what happened.
The next day I heard from my job interview in London, I got the job, albeit on a trial three months. My new boss was called Dan, and I was to start the next Monday.
D was home the weekend and as we fucked I told him all about my week. He enjoyed hearing about my tube and train experiences. He was in the office in London for a few days so we travelled together on Monday morning. My ass got felt a few times but nothing really.
I met him after work and we went for a drink and a meal at an Italian restaurant just off Picadilly. Me dressed properly in my suit. I was telling him about my new job. It might involve a bit of travelling and meeting clients on advertising presentations.
"Take your blouse and bra off, oh and your knickers," he suddenly said.
"Why?"
"Lets have some fun on the way home," he said.
I went to the ladies and did as he asked. My suit jacket only had one button and it was below my tits. That meant my breasts were available to see. If I stayed up straight it was not too bad. I put my blouse and underwear in my bag and went back to our table.
I leaned forward.
"Like my tits you fucking pervert?
"Beautiful, undo the button now."
I did, just as our coffees and the bill arrived. The waiter took a good look at my tits. I could feel my nipples getting hard.
"Lets go, leave the button undone, lets show London your tits."
"Kinky boy tonight then, everyone can see my tits when I walk."
We walked up Picadilly to Green Park tube station. I held my head high as my tits swayed under my jacket. People walking towards us had a full view of my tits. I felt so horny, my cunt juices started dribbling down my legs.
D had his arm around my shoulder, every so often he pulled my jacket wide open, usually as some guys were walking towards me.
The tube was fairly empty, rush hour had gone. He sat opposite me, I opened my legs and pulled my skirt up so he could see my bush. Every so often I pulled my jacket back flashing my tits.
Some guy sat next to D, I closed my legs. D motioned me to open them, he wanted the guy to see my cunt.
Fuck you I thought, I spread my legs wide and opened my jacket wide, he could see all my goods. I smiled at D.
The guy came and sat next to me, his hands were on my tits as D and a few other people watched. I let him play with my tits. I put my hand up my skirt and stroked my slit. D was watching, I pulled my skirt up and turned to the bloke next to me, I leaned over and kissed him.
He turned towards me, kissing me, his hand went up my skirt. His fingers went right in my cunt, he was using two fingers as I looked over at D. A couple had moved next to him and were avidly watching me getting finger fucked.
My nipples were rock hard, oh god I was so turned on with people watching his arm moving in and out between my thighs. He was using his fingers well, I knew I was going to cum just as we arrived at our stop.
As D stood up, I orgasmed as I said sorry to the guy, I moved away and was still cumming as we left the tube.
"Bastard, did you enjoy that."
"You obviously did." He said putting his hand up my skirt.
We made our way up to the mainline station, my jacket was open, my tits on full display. I got lots of comments, some good, some insulting. I didn't care.
On the train we could not get a seat, it was that busy. We stood at the end of the carraige, my back to the wall. D was kissing me, one hand on my tits, the other up my skirt.
"Pull you skirt up," he said.
I did a little, but he reached behind me and pulled it right up at the back. My bare cheeks were against the wall.
Two guys came and stood next to us as D stood back a bit. His hand was between my legs and by moving back a bit they could clearly see my bush and tits.
I just stood there as D worked his fingers inside me. My legs opened, my head went back as I moaned. I felt a hand on my left tit, squeezing my nipple. Another hand joined D's between my legs. I looked as D stepped back and he was letting these two grope me.
One took hold of my hand and put it on his cock. I started stroking his cock, it got harder.
"Turn her to the window." One said.
They manhandled me so my tits were resting against the glass window.
"Bend over cunt and spread those legs."
I wanted it, I wanted to be fucked. I pushed my bum back, opening my legs.
D and the other guy shielded us as the other got his cock in me.
"Oh fuck yes, fuck me."
He soon came in me, the next guy took his place and he fucked me. D went last, his cock sliding over their two loads of spunk. When he came my cunt was full of spunk.
I turned around and let them watch as it ran out of my cunt, down my legs.
I stayed leaning agaist the window. My jacket was open, my skirt pulled right up. I felt like a slut, I am a slut, a cock loving cum slut.
I walked through the station, my skirt had fallen down a bit but I could still feel the spunk on my legs.
Across the car park I took my jacket off, at the car I removed my skirt.
"Open the car please D."
"Fuck that, bend over the bonnet and push your ass up in the air."
I did, I actually wanted to be seen as he put his cock straight up.my asshole.
"Did you like your wife showing her tits, getting fucked by strangers?"
He grunted as he reamed my ass, his load of spunk was filling my rear cavity. I looked around hoping there might be a few more cocks for me. Sadly no!
That was just the start of what happened to me commuting to London.
At the weekends I still helped Alan out on Saturday mornings in his insurance office.
Brian had recommended Alan to some of his friends so I was also busy seeing them in the evenings, getting well fucked.
It helped Alan get his business off the ground and I got some cock, so everyone was happy.
On my commuting I soon learned to wear older clothes and change at work.
More of my experiences in the next episode.
Anna