"Dear Diary... I finally know what a Birthday Suit is. I think I look really good in one."
********
As the sunlight pierced her curtains Paige Turner stirred in her bed. Snuggling up with her new down comforter and a teddy bear that she faithfully napped with, her first coherent thought was..."Donnie." Laying there warm and cozy her memory of last night made her smile. While never expecting the event to actually happen she was excitably happy it did. Her dad was a good man. Even if what they were doing together was wrong in the eyes of others. She didn't see anything bad about it. She loved her daddy. He loved his Princess. Being eighteen now or thirty she would always be his Princess. Too be honest with herself she would have given herself to him even at fifteen when she began fantasizing in her diary. Fact! Donnie was technically her father whose name was Lonnie.
Growing restless in her bed she started to throw her covers off when she sees a shadow under her bedroom door. Hearing the doorknob turn slowly she shivered and closed her eyes playing possum. The only other person in the house was her father. She would fake being asleep and see what happened.
Entering silently Lonnie Turner stood in her doorway watching her sleep. His heartbeat racing at his own thoughts on last night made him mull over if he was making a very bad error in judgment. His daughter's love was precious to him. While yes, he was beyond attracted to her and her reaction to his advances were incredible it was still overstepping a family boundary. Incest was looked down upon by most everyone. Should he continue this? Should he wake her up and apologize? Should he fuck the holy hell out of her for her birthday? Should he get dressed and get over his desire to run nude in his own home as King of the Mountain? Looking down at his cock arching skyward was answer enough. He would continue things that had been started a few more days and decide by her emotions to either proceed or turn back time.
She was so beautiful when sleeping. Her fiery red hair hiding her face ever so slightly. Moving closer he stands beside her bed and glares down at her. She could sense his nearness but chose to continue her ruse just to see what would happen next. Lying on her back with her teddy bear in her arms, held limply for childlike effect she awaits. She felt her half-worn comforter ever so slowly being lifted away from her body. A coolness covered her flesh and her nipples peaked high. Lonnie gracefully uncovered her entire body to admire her nudity. His daughter was absolutely gorgeous. So tiny! So fragile! So goddamned perfect in every way. That teddy bear in her clutches brought back memories. He had given her that tattered old grizzly when she was four years old. She had slept with Wuzzy ever since. Right, this very second the only thing that could have dissuaded him is if she still sucked her thumb. Her youthful appearance combined by her height and weight; she was in many ways still a child. As morbid as that might be, that was a quality he savored. At least he wasn't a child molester, she was eighteen, and did consent. She wanted this long before he did. Did that make it right? Probably not!
Stroking his cock, a bit he knew what he wanted to do but remained resistant. Choosing to stroll to the foot of her bed to admire a different angle she feigned a repositioning slightly. Still on her back she parts her legs wider and moves her right arm up to cuddle her bear with a dreamlike exhale. Her movement led eyes directly toward her sweet young pink pussy. His thoughts of last night when using a vibrator dildo on that very same snatch to thunderous results, made him fondle his erection that much faster. Swallowing dryly, he sits carefully at her feet and reaches out to lightly caress her leg. Her response was to stir as if a fly on her. He reluctantly pulled his hand away. Convinced she was not sensing anything further he studied her vagina. Her clit was tiny but adorable. Did he notice a wetness developing? With a silent grin he knew she was playing possum. Let her think he didn't know. She obviously had hopes he might do more. If that was on her mind... so, be it.
Moving between her legs he lays on his stomach and lowers his chin between her legs. Beginning with a nuzzle at her clit he kissed her tightly formed labia. Creased deep she definitely looked the virgin. From light pecks toward her, his tongue slipped along her sensual crevice and made its way to her clit. The intimate sensations made her come alive. A soft moan led him to flick the tip of his tongue a bit deeper. Warm exhales on her clit made her rustle amid her sheets and hug her teddy bear that much tighter. She wanted to speak but something kept her voice from ruining the moment. If he spoke to her his mouth would leave her treasures. Nibbling her lower lip, she endured. Lonnie increased his make out session by tugging her clit with his compressed lips. She whimpered with delight.
Reaching upward as he continued Frenching her delectable pussy his hands clutched both of her breasts tenderly. Squeezing them she gasped and let slip her thoughts. "Oh, Daddy." One hand lifts a finger before her narrow gaze to incite a wag, a clue to remain quiet. She did. Verbally. The moans merely mounted up.
Lips leave her pussy and kiss all around it. Warm loving kisses. Her hairless pubic area nuzzled. Inner legs trailed with pecks. The kissing moved higher as his tongue made a nomadic journey North. Abdomen kissed repeatedly. Belly button licked deeply before rolling his tongue to her ribs. As wonderful as it was, she began giggling due to ticklishness. Sensing her suffering he moved on. Hoisting his body higher to continue his quest he swirls his tongue around her left areola. Her nipple caressing his nose. He teased that nipple by nudging it about with his nostril, the warm breath making it increase in size.
Tenderly he tugged at that nipple with puckered lips. Her breathing was heavy now. A short mouthful of her entire nipple made her spine arch. In response his palms slide over her hips on an emotional sojourn of their own. Gliding upward over her ribcage, under her armpits, then coiling down both of her arms at once. Fingers reaching hers they clasp hands. His positioning on her bed rose higher in order to kiss along her neck. Her throat warm and almost salty of sweat. Head moving from side to side to accommodate his lips and tongue. Paige Turner knew what Heaven was like in that euphoric instant. Not once did her eyelids open. She wanted to feel not see her father's love.
Releasing her bear to the mattress Lonnie guided it back into her possession. She knew in her soul that the bear was a symbol of security. He wanted his cute loving daughter to never age beyond her current status, even though she was officially all woman now. If that was what daddy wanted, she would keep that memory alive.
Twenty minutes of nothing but caresses and sweltering kisses upon her flesh, he gradually approached her own yearning lips. Once reached they devoured each other exhaling a ferocious torrent of desire between their tongues. Battle waged for five more minutes. Lifting away by tugging her lower lip he returned to her throat. Her head tilting back against her pillow she trembled heavily as he retraced every kiss, every suckle, every lick until locating her trickling juicy puss. Now the animal came out. Lonnie buried his tongue deep up inside her cunt. Holding both of her legs up over his, his hands curling to hold her tightly. Squirming at his hunger she lost control of her upper body. Shoulders pushing against the mattress as her spine reaches for the ceiling.
Holding her bear for dear life up to her chin in both arms, resting between her heaving breasts she mumbles. "Oh, Wuzzy." She was directing her emotions toward her childhood comfort. Her best friend. Not of some desire to roleplay, this was who Paige Turner truly was. She might have matured of age but not in spirit. Whether it be her childlike tone of voice or her playful shenanigans, she would forever resemble the child her father raised. There was no masking the atmosphere of who Paige was within. Adult she was. Inner child her natural persona.
Squealing Paige cums extraordinarily hard. Her shrill tone leading closer and closer to a scream. Daddy was on a mission. She would not let him down. With eyes turning white to join her convulsions beautiful young Paige squirts hard. A flood engulfs her father's entire face. Still, he fed. Deeper. Savagely growling and forcing his tongue to swirl her interior. A thumb massaging her clit with rapid intention. He demanded another fountain of youth.
That was what he got. A cascade poured into his mouth and across his face nearly blinding him. Finalizing his endeavor, he waited until her body slowed its writhing before kissing her clit. His tenderness making her snivel slightly. Holding his face between her thighs to allow his heated breath to comfort her, he ever so slowly peeled away. Her sheets were drenched. His entire upper body was soaked. Donnie did exactly what her diary asked of him. Lonnie that is!
Without a word shared between them he crawls from her bed and goes to her adjoining bathroom. Turning on the faucet of her soaker tub he fills it with hot water and bubbles. As it filled, he walked out to her bedside to see her curled up with Wuzzy and lost in her ability to think. Bending over her he gently picks her up and lets her cling to his shoulders, her face burrowing under his neckline. Wuzzy was left behind as he carried her into her bathroom and lovingly rested her in the tub of water. Not too hot, not too cool. Just right. Two bears short.
"Clean yourself up. I'll wash your sheets and blanket."
Nodding with doe like eyes she waits until he reaches the door before calling out, "Daddy?"
Tilting his gaze without turning his body he exhales, "Yeah?"
"Can we go shopping?"
"That's the plan Punkin."
"Daddy?"
"Again, yeah?"
"Are you really going to make me parade around naked in front of your friends?"
"You can wear something sexy. But it will come off before they leave tonight."
"Baseball tonight, right? Maybe I can buy a team jersey?"
"Nope. Girly."
"Like what?"
"Bobbi socks. Sheer white nightie maybe."
"Daddy?"
"Yes?" She could tell he was getting agitated.
"Why would you want them to see me like that?"
"Because I've heard those bastards tell me how grown up you've gotten for years. The last couple months all I've heard was you're going to have your hands full with Paige once she turns eighteen. They were right. I want them to see how right they were. You're an adult now but let's face it your attitude hasn't changed. You're still the soft and frilly Princess you've always been."
"Are you going to let them... touch me?"
"Yep."
"Everywhere?"
"Yep."
She leans against the side of the tub looking up with shyness, "Are you going to..."
"Let them fuck you?"
"Uh huh."
"That depends."
"On what?"
"On how much you turn them on tonight."
"Should I try to turn them on?"
"You were damned sexy holding that teddy bear."
"Are you asking me to roleplay as younger than I am? You want me to stay young, don't you Daddy?" She honestly wasn't certain.
"I wouldn't go so far as to roleplay younger than you are. We both know you sound and act that way naturally without you trying. All I can say is never grow up Princess. Meaning be who you are. Just like you wrote in your diary. Your own words were... Donnie likes me when I act like I'm a little girl. Pigtails and lollipops. You can wear pigtails and act your age and still be downright sexy. Lollipops? Hell, I might eat one with you." He chuckled.
"That was a really fun entry." She softly expels with a sigh.
"Tonight, you can wear your hair in pigtails."
"Okay. Are your friends my lollipops?"
"We'll see." He hesitates to feel guilty suddenly. He nearly changes his mind until she blows bubbles at him and giggles. He remembered giving her a bath as a child and her blowing bubbles even then. So adorable! Still adorable!
"I like lollipops."
"Finish your bath."
"Can they watch me take a bubble bath Daddy?"
His cock needed attention badly. Hearing her made him stroke himself right in front of her. She knew he hadn't cum yet, not since last night. Turning him on would make him go finish.
"Maybe I'll fire up the hot tub tonight."
"The neighbors might see us."
"Buy a skimpy bikini for tonight. I'll think more on how things should go. I might change my plan still."
"Can we put bubbles in the hot tub?"
"Hell, no. You want to ruin the tub?"
"No. I just think it would be fun."
"No bubble baths. Jets are bubbles enough."
"Okay. Daddy?"
"Last time. Yes?"
"I love you more than anything in the world. Even Donnie and my Fuzzy Wuzzy." He stuck his tongue out at her for mentioning her bear. She did love her Teddy no matter how old she got. She would keep that bear until the day she died. Daddy bought him for her. Lonnie left her to her bath. Knowing he needed to wash her sheets he jerked off over them. Wiping his cock off on a dry area he removes them and remakes her bed with a second set. Off to the washer they went.
____________
Two hours later at the mall, Lonnie Turner followed his daughter around like a lost puppy. Every time he considered putting a stop to his stupidity she did or said something that reverted him back to Mister Hyde. Mostly he preferred being Hyde. "There's Victoria's Secret. You go shop I'm going to look around a bit. Meet you back here in thirty minutes. Sexy clothing only."
"What if your idea of sexy and mine are different?" Wearing a blue jean mini skirt and yellow V neck T-shirt wasn't all that sexy on Paige. Even he had to admit she really needed an updated wardrobe. From here on she had to be sexy. Not just for his tastes, but to flaunt her. Lonnie knew that guys looked at her with lust, but he felt as if even that could use a facelift. Strange thoughts for a father to have, but now that things had escalated, he wanted her to be beyond beautiful. Drop dead gorgeous and jaw dropping were on his agenda.
"Good point. Fine! We can wander afterwards."
"Yay!" She hugs his arm and leads him into the store. A young woman barely older than Paige targets them offering assistance.
"Can I help you find anything?"
Paige takes the lead, "I need a bikini. A sheer nightie. Thongs. Anything that catches my eye."
"Sounds fun. Bikinis are over there. Intimate wear is on that set of racks. Under garments on that table. 30% off on everything."
"Awesome! Thank you."
Hopping away Paige headed for the bikinis. The employee smiled at Lonnie for taking interest in her needs. She knew he was the father. Certainly not a boyfriend. Cute either way she thought. For an old guy.
"Bright yellow?" Paige holds up a bikini.
"You look great in yellow." Except in her current shirt.
"Black? Considering I'm lily white?"
"Sure. Yeah, a sheer black nightie might be perfect."
Their shopping experience led to a maxed-out gift card. Bags in hand they walk around the mall looking through windows. Spotting another clothing store Lonnie notes female mannequins wearing fur coats and large furry boots. While it was warm out still, he wondered why they would be selling furs. Then he realizes the store specialized in fake fur outfits. Once Paige caught on, her jaw dropped.
"Oh my gosh. Daddy, I would look so cute in that white and grey frosted half coat. Look how it shows off the belly button. Can I try it on?"
"Sure. There goes the college fund."
"I have a college fund?"
"Of course not. You think we're filthy rich?"
"Does that mean no because that fur has to cost a lot."
"Boots are pretty sexy too."
"Just think daddy, I could dress up in nothing but the fur and a thong."
Puckering he couldn't deny that was a hot visual. "Let's trap that fur."
Giggling she danced alongside him all the way into the store called Trader Dick's. They had to laugh at the name after their mocking of John Wick last night. Entering the store, they located the very same coat and Paige greedily put it on. It was stunning on her Lonnie had to admit. Uncertain at the $400 price tag he began to say no. Then she tugged his arm toward a wall of the store with a floor to ceiling mirror. Looking around them for safety she lifts her t-shirt over her tits clean up to her neck to show him how hot the real visual would be. Her stunning red hair made a very strong case in favor of purchase. That and the reaction of a lone man Lonnie's age or slightly older seeing her with her shirt up from across the store. His smirk and nod gave Lonnie the confidence that guys were definitely loving his daughter. This was a turner point he chuckled in his thoughts. Showing his kid off was more fun than he imagined. Sure, enough Lonnie caved. "Buy it."
"Boots too? I can be Puss in Boots." After eating that sweet young pussy earlier, it made perfect sense.
"Try them on." Wearing the coat while looking through boot sizes Lonnie spotted the lone admirer lingering while trying not to be obvious. After seeing her chest before he was invested and hopeful for more sneak peeks. Finding her size, she sat down on a bench to put them on. Kicking her tennis shoes aside she slips the thick fur right boot on with ease. Lonnie leaning down whispered into her ear. "See that guy over there? When you put the other boot on lift your leg high and let him look up your skirt."
"I'm not wearing panties." Now that they were nudists at home, she wanted to try it outside too. Knowing this was her only source without being arrested for indecency.
"Even better. You should take those G-strings back for a refund. Why did we buy those?" He laughed. "Make sure he gets a really good shot up that skirt."
"You're liking this too much." She snickered, "So am I."
Doing so she lets the man catch a stunning sight of a sweet young pussy peeking out while slowly pulling the boot on. She caught the man smiling at her and fluttered her fingers at him to be friendly. "He liked that." She admitted shivering.
"Of course, he did. Every old fart loves to check out young girls."
Standing up they return to the mirror to let her examine her sexiness. "Oh wow! I'm Sansa sexy Daddy."
"Game of Boners?" He chuckles. They were definitely Game of Thrones fans.
She snorts at his humor. Rubbing his chin Lonnie hisses out a verbal thought. "I'm going to block the only worker in this store. I want you to go into that dressing room over there and put on that tiny black G-string we just bought. Take the skirt and shirt off. Only wear the jacket and boots over the thong. When you're done open the curtain and let me see you."
"This is so awesome. I like it when you want me to do naughty things." She shivers and watches as he digs into their Victoria's Secret bag producing the triangle of cloth and micro thin strings. Passing it off she tears off the price tag then wiggles away to the changing stall, leaving him to hold her purse and bags. Beneath the curtain he watches her take the boots off and then drop her jean skirt. Having hung up her coat in order to take her t-shirt off she drops it to the floor also. Stepping into her black G-string was also seen. Behind him he finds the other man hoping to catch another glimpse. Smirking at her stalker Lonnie merely waited in anticipation. The man felt more at ease in Lonnie's friendly attitude. Boots going on now he knew the reveal was close. So did the guy behind him separated by only a swivel rack of on sale clothing. Counting the seconds he hears Paige whisper, "Ready daddy?"
"Curtain call. Open up."
With a swift reveal the stall curtain slipped aside and Paige threw her hands up in the air in a "Ta-daa!" manner. Lonnie dropped his jaw at her tits so perky and very in view. Her entire front revealed all the way down to that very narrow patch of black cloth covering her snatch. "Do I look like Sansa Stark?"
"Oh, yeah!" She suddenly notices the man behind the rack of sale items drooling. Again, although beet red she flutters her fingers with a brilliant smile. That was when he decided to move closer. Joining Lonnie he shakes his head, "You Sir are a lucky man."
"I think so." Lonnie grins not bothering to look at the man.
"I want to see. Daddy, take a pic with my iPhone."
Setting his bags down he snaps a glance at the cashier. The man hovering beside Lonnie moves in, to block the cashier's view. "I got you two covered." Being a really large man helped a lot. Cell lifted Lonnie took a picture. Motioning her to twirl in step he caught a shot of her bare back side, her thong straps invisible between her cheeks.
"I have goosebumps all over Daddy. Especially right here." Paige faced them pointing at her protruding nipples, her areolas circled with joyous uprisings themselves.
The man changes his expression to shock. "Daddy? Now that is impressive. Sugar daddy?"
"Real daddy." Lonnie remains calm. Dangerous to admit with incest obvious by the nudity on her part and Lon instigating it.
"Show me." She jumps up and down on her toes, her tits jiggling about. Nipples raging taunt. The giant of a man was licking his lips and rubbing his facial hair.
"The mirrors over there. Go see for yourself." Lonnie winks as she expresses awe. Looking at the large man he offers a glint of assistance in his eyes. He took the hint and moved toward the stall. Carefully waving her in front of him he blocks her trek out of the changing room and to the mirror wall. Her wiggle while bashfully peering over her shoulder at him was all tease on her part. She knew that was what her father wanted. Seeing her reflection her eyes flared in amazement at how sexy she was. Posing from side to side her hands hold her butt cheeks, chest lifted by arching her back to appear regal. Glaring at her frontal she poses like a warrior and growls, "I am Sansa."
Chuckling Lonnie had recorded her the entire time via video. Then it dawned on him the store probably had surveillance. "Better get dressed before John Snow shows up. Winter is coming."
She hurries back into the room closing the curtain to get dressed. Before doing so she gets sneaky and tugs her G-string down before removing the boots. To both men's surprise she opens the curtain wide and shows off her outfit with her thong to her knees. Paige touches herself rubbing her clit and staring at both her father and her voyeur without blinking once. "Winter isn't the only one wanting to come." She just as quickly yanks the curtain shut and puts her clothing on.
During her change of season, the gentle giant who helped them nods, "That really your daughter?"
"Yep."
"Bold man! She looks young."
"Turned eighteen 12 hours ago."
"Looks fifteen."
"Acts thirteen." Lonnie chuckles. "Definitely eighteen though."
"Like I said, Lucky man."
"Thanks for the help."
"No problem, I'll take your secrets to my grave. I have a proposal for you if interested. I'll buy those boots for her if you send me her pics and video."
Lonnie mulls it over. "Personal use?"
"Totally."
Cash exchanged of $200 bucks, Lonnie got the man's cell number and sent her pics and video. Let the guy jerk off to his sexy ass Sansa. Once received the guy smiles. "Pleasure doing business with you. Call me if you ever need anything. I'd love to be your wingman."
"I might just do that."
Stepping out of her changing room she eyes the transaction. As the man smiles at her eying her petite little heart shaped ass, she flares her eyes. Even in a jean skirt it was shapely. She had a hunch her dad had shared her photos. "Selling me off daddy?"
"He just paid for those boots. I'm not made of money. You are though. Hug the man and make it count."
"I am? Okay." She ponders the words then puts her arms up to offer that hug. Leaning down the man greets her with strong arms, rubbing her back brisky. He picked her up off of her feet just an inch and growled. "Thank you, sweetheart."
"Today is my birthday."
"Happy birthday then. That's my gift to you. Wear those boots with pride."
"I'll take another pic or five of her wearing only the boots. Want those too?"
"That's worth another hundred." He took out his wallet and produced a Benjamin. "Money is no option. You are too darn cute."
"I am, aren't I?" She bubbled up, turning from side to side in step. "Now I have more money to buy clothes."
"My little girl the fashion model."
"She could be one. Let me mull that over, I'll get back to you."
"I didn't get your name. I guess I felt anonymity would suit you." Lonnie realized.
"Only for now." The man winked, "Let's just say, I'm famous. In a good way! No pedophile." He chuckled. "You earn my trust, I'll earn yours. Keep sending pics I'll send cash."
"I'll make sure they're worth every penny." A handshake deal processed the man winked at Paige and told her to spend her money wisely. He seemed like a pretty good guy. Lonnie sure hoped his intuition was right. Money was a plus at the moment.
"That was so much fun. Can we do it again?"
"Sure, when we find a Baby Gap."
"Baby Gap?" She stares without blinking. "Why a Baby Gap?"
"Need ribbons for those pig tails."
"Teething ring?"
"Let's not go full on Baby that's just creepy. No roleplay crap, remember. Ribbons is one thing but no bibs and rattles. I feel bad enough as it is looking and hearing you sound a lot younger than you are."
Pouty faced she softly tells him, "I'm not underage. Don't think like that. I'm eighteen. I can't help sounding young or looking younger than I am."
"I know. Your dad's sounding pretty sad, isn't he?"
"All I want is to make you happy. Did showing off for that guy make you happy?"
"You do. It did. Let's go! You can make Fuzzy Wuzzy jealous when you get home." He changed the subject. Purchases made they left the store. She wore her boots home. The owner would discover surveillance video of Paige and keep a copy for himself. If he had worked that day, he might have bought her clothes too. Old fart!
On the way home Lonnie passed by an Adult Video store and decided to turn around, pulling into the lot. Paige realizes what he had done looking up from her cellphone. She had played her video ten times since the mall. "Why are we stopping here daddy?"
"Know what this place is?"
"It says adult video arcade on the sign. Are we playing video games?"
"Lots more than that. If we're going to go broke let's do it right."
Leaving the car, she hops out following him in. Proving her age at the counter they allow Paige inside. Luckily, she had at least an ID stating her birthday, eighteen being the limit on entry. Once inside she follows Lonnie closely as he looks over toys hanging from the wall. He had already bought her a rabbit vibrator and a Hitachi wand here earlier in the week in preparation for her evolution. Now that she had embraced his gifts, he decided to add to them.
A paddle that said OUCH on it was held ready for purchase. A bondage crop. Fuzzy handcuffs. Blindfold. A 10-inch lifelike dildo complete with realistic veins and a heating mode. Nipple clamps. A sex swing. Two jeweled butt plugs. A remote-controlled vibrating egg. The works!
On her own she had discovered tasty lotions and funny but kinky gifts. In the long run Paige was more interested in the small things. She, although a steamy writer was naïve to some of the gadgets Lonnie was buying.
Circling clothing, she sifted racks for more intimate wear. Discovering leather outfits. One outfit looked like nothing but belts. Another a fishnet body suit. As Lonnie joins her, she laughs. "Is this a horse bridle?" He bought the fishnets.
"Yeah. You always wanted a pony."
"No, I didn't." She looks at him strangely then snickers. "Oh!"
"I just noticed the time. We better get home. The guys will be over for the game in three hours. Time to decide what you're wearing."
"School girl outfit?"
"Too cliché. I want this to be more natural."
"Why don't I just wear what I wore last night. It was kind of innocent."
"Nightshirt no underwear. Alright! First time around the guys, let's keep it simple." She found ribbons for her hair and a big colorful lollipop. Lonnie indulged her. Totaling up to a whopping $500 bucks. Paige shivered at each item as they were rung up. The guy behind the counter winked at her, she simply blushed and shared doe like eyes with him, then decided to up her act. Burying her face in her dad's side hugging him, her palm on his crotch, fingers kneading at his erection like a kitten. The cashier was jealous. With an "Enjoy! Come again." Lonnie told him, "Guaranteed!" She carried the bags.
That video from the fake fur outlet was watched another eleven times. She was mesmerized by her actions. Mewing like a cat she scratched at her father playfully. A swift change in persona she growled and leaned into her daddy.
"I AM SANSA!"
Stark naked!