She was bathed in the warm, white stage lights as she came sashaying from the back of the stage to the front. She prowled back and forth, running her hands up and down the sides and front of her body. From her knees to her thighs. From her belly to her breasts. Then down over her crotch, giving it a playful, momentary rub, all the while making eye contact with the enraptured audience members. Her movements foreshadowed something special was about to transpire and the men were all anxious to bear witness to it. Jason, still in position at the front table, was transfixed. She looked at him briefly and ran her tongue seductively over her full, wet lips. His mouth dropped open, his eyes widened, and he slid to the very edge of his seat. His imagination ran wild. His mind conjured obscene thoughts and images that featured himself and the current object of his desire, and his body responded accordingly.
The outfit did not appear to be very revealing to the crowd at all. Certainly not at first anyway. But it consisted of several layers of black fabric. The piece was not unlike the Dance of the Seven Veils. The individual layers of fabric were completely transparent, but when stacked on top of each other, their sum appeared totally opaque. As she unwrapped the first and then the second silken layers from her curvy frame and discarded them behind her, one could start to discern some of the alluring details of her body. She sensually stalked along the lip of the stage to the music in long, purposeful strides. Her high heels served to accentuate her well-muscled legs and perfectly rounded ass. She removed the next two layers in the same manner to reveal that she was wearing, not stockings as it initially appeared, but a full, see-through black bodysuit over a minuscule g-string and bra. The half bra that supported her big, bouncy breasts came up only to her poker chip-sized areolae and presented her boobs as if they were displayed on a shelf. The shiny, silver pasties that covered the exposed area were about her only concession to modesty and they reflected the stage lights as if they were mirrors. The bodysuit was low cut in front and back and was just barely on her shoulders. Every move she made brought new cheers of encouragement from the crowd. The men went wild for her, their lust and excitement evident. She goaded them on, teasing and cajoling, stoking the flames of their collective ardour.
She stepped languorously out of her heels and slowly turned her back to the crowd, her ass entirely on display beneath the transparent suit. Only the dental floss thin strip of her thong disappearing between her butt cheeks interrupted the view of her shapely bottom, and the men gasped in appreciation. She flicked her finger at the strap on her left shoulder, and when she shrugged, the suit began to slither down her arm on that side. With her back still to the audience she repeated the gesture on the other side, to the same effect. She proceeded to peel the garment down her body until she was forced to bend at the waist to slide it down her lower half. Her luscious, bare ass was now presented almost obscenely to the men, and they continued to bellow their encouragement as she stepped completely out of the bodysuit. She whirled around, still moving to the music, and shook her barely contained tits at her enthusiastic admirers. And still, the crowd grew louder. She placed her hands under her bra and cupped and jiggled her boobs, playfully teasing the men into near-hysteria. Never before had she felt this sexually excited during a performance. And she had never before felt this kind of power. She wondered if it was because the small, all-male audience made her feel the need to push her limits. To go beyond her established boundaries. Was it because the last number got such a rousing and heated response? Or was it because she knew that Jason was being teased to distraction, and she relished the thought of having total authority over him and his hyperactive libido?
Or maybe it was because she knew that this was exactly what Tom would want to see.
She suddenly stopped stock still, looking the crowd over, and then moved her hands behind her. Slowly and seductively she unhooked her imposter of a brassiere. She completed the task and slipped the straps from her shoulders, holding the cups, such as they were, against her soft, fleshy boobs. They may not have been hiding much but they did help to hold her tits reasonably steady. But when she quickly pulled the cups away, and her breasts dropped heavily on her chest, the room erupted. The roar from her new fan club was deafening. If she had been able to see her husband's face, she would have been pleased to see that he was beaming with equal parts pride and arousal. And although she was unable to see Tom's face, Jason's was right there in front of her. He stared at her unblinking, obvious lust in his eyes, his hands in his lap surreptitiously stimulating his crotch. She shook her shoulders back and forth, letting her heavy tits swing to and fro, slapping into each other in a rhythm. She stopped and bent over to let them dangle, wobbling them back and forth, to the crowd's delight. They hung heavily under her and she loved the feel of their weight as gravity pulled them down from her chest. She knew Tom loved her tits in this position, deliciously available to squeeze, pull, grope or slap. Several times he squashed them to her chest and let them drop.
When Cate again finally straightened up she smiled at the crowd teasingly and winked. She used her index fingers to trace circles around the edges of her pasties, eliciting whoops of encouragement from the audience. Pinching them between her thumbs and forefingers, she started to slowly peel them from her breasts, but then in one quick motion dramatically ripped them off and held them high in the air. The men yelled their approval and loudly applauded the gesture. Inspiration struck and she flamboyantly spun them into the crowd as if they were miniature frisbees. Her thick, brown nipples were now liberated from their protective shielding and they stiffened with excitement. Bedlam ensued as the men competed energetically for the souvenirs. Her now-exposed nipples were swollen and tingling with arousal. They were as hard as marbles. Cate pinched them between her thumbs and forefingers and used them to pull her heavy tits up and away from her chest, and then dropped them. She did it again. And again. And again. Each time she did it the noise from the small crowd grew louder and more frenzied. She cupped one of her breasts in her hand and brought it up to her mouth, her tongue snaking out to lick its turgid tip. She repeated the naughty demonstration with its twin. The audience responded to the salacious spectacle and she continued to tease the men mercilessly. She smacked her tits from underneath, left and right, left and right, making them bounce and fall. She felt so indecent. Almost obscene. Gone now was all pretence of a burlesque performance. She was now simply just stripping for these men to turn them on.
And she wanted to do it. She was loving it.
She was not finished yet. She still had one more piece of clothing to go. Her tiny barely-there thong. No one, maybe not even herself, expected her to remove it. She again spun around and with her back to the men, hooked her thumbs into the flimsy strings on the side. The one in the back had crawled between her ass cheeks and her now distended labia. Cate gazed over her shoulder at her audience, gave a saucy wink, and then with excruciating deliberation, eased the damp undies down over her sumptuous hips. The crowd grew deathly quiet. When her minuscule undergarment gained the halfway point of her legs, she moved them wide enough apart so that it was stretched tautly between her knees. She rotated her ass in wide circles and caressed her hips invitingly, occasionally bending over to present her magnificent rear end to the crowd, exposing her sex in the process. And then as she moved her legs closer together, it dropped the remaining distance to the floor. She nimbly stepped out of it and with a flourish, kicked it to the back of the stage. The silence broke as the men roared their approval.
Everyone then expected her to exit the stage but instead she sensuously turned around and spread her legs wide, giving the assembled group of half-inebriated, and now totally inflamed businessmen, a long look at her most intimate parts. Her smooth, bald mound and delicate, hairless folds were wholly on show and the feeling of shamelessly exposing herself was positively intoxicating. She was bristling with sexual energy and felt that she was literally on the brink of orgasm. Her pussy was hot and moist as she dragged her index finger from the bottom of her now leaking slit, between her slick labia, to her damp, throbbing pearl. It was now swollen and peeking out from under its protective hood, pulsating with desire and yearning for attention of any kind. She touched her fingertip to her lips, stuck out her tongue, and licked. Running her hands back down over her swinging tits to her sex, she spread herself open to reveal her inflamed inner lips, which were now dripping wet and dangling invitingly from between her plump outer labia.
"What am I doing? Oh, gawd, I'm fucking masturbating in front of these men!" she thought to herself as her finger continued to circle her aching clit. She cupped one of her heavy, pendulous breasts, again pinching her nipple to lift it and drop it back down to her chest. "I must be insane! Fuck. What am I doing?! But I love it! I've never felt so fucking raunchy in my life! Or alive. Oh gawd, I'm so horny. I need to cum!"
She felt, rather than heard the music coming to an end and promptly stopped her indecent display of debauchery, leaving her teetering on the verge of climax. She took a moment to catch her breath and looked down to the table in front of the stage. Jason was staring at her open-mouthed, disbelieving his own eyes. Cate shook her head as if to come to her senses and flirtatiously blew him a quick kiss. Tom was no longer at the back of the room or he would have gotten one as well.
She then took a deep bow, her boobs again dangling beneath her as she did so, finger waved to the crowd, and ran off the stage to thunderous applause.