So, the elephant in the room...
The night that Ethan fucked Jess absolutely silly on my bed while I lay there, cowering, wearing one of her tiny pink thongs was actually a turning point. It was also eye-opening, giving me a better insight into Jess and the dynamic that our relationship had evolved into.
I hid in shame, embarrassed by the confusing erection that was stiffening by the second inside of my girlfriend's panties. Jess came exuberantly, followed by Ethan (without pulling out); he gave me another hard spank that stung my butt and snapped so loudly it rang in my ears a bit, and then left to go to bed.
The night had just begun in Jess' mind though. Without losing a beat, she started groping me, taking great joy that her other man's handprint was still visible on my ass cheek.
After a few seconds of her pawing at my hips, I reluctantly flipped over, exposing a full (though small) boner still trapped under the tiny patch of pink fabric. This set Jess off, and she started rubbing her face on it before pulling it out of its panty prison and mounting me.
I didn't last long, I'll admit, but Jess couldn't stop moaning. I don't know if I'd ever heard her this turned on while we were fucking. It was very possibly the best sex we'd had in an otherwise still pretty good sex life up til this point.
That night kickstarted a feedback loop in our relationship. I didn't inherently love being emasculated so much by my girlfriend or being cucked by her thick-cocked fuckbuddy, but these things turned Jess on so much and gave her so much giddy glee.
I started to indulge her more because that happiness would spill back and lead to more and better sex for me, and honestly I loved the extra attention I was getting from Jess when I would give in to her requests.
I started to wear her panties more often, and it ignited a Pavlovian response in Jess. Knowing I had women's underwear on would get her so horny that it practically guaranteed great sex, and often within minutes of pulling them on, if she was around to see it.
Within a couple of weeks, I think I was wearing Jess' underwear more often than my own, and usually with very little goading from Jess, or even without needing to be asked at all. The girlier the panties, I had learned, the more of a reaction I'd get from her; pink and purple, polka-dots, anything lacy, and as small as possible were best.
Jess would try to push things as far as possible, but I tried to keep this mostly private between us for now. She had also been so turned on by any even tangentially sexual interactions between Ethan and I, and wanted more. I had no plans to give in and touch Ethan's cock in any way in the immediate future.
Outside of that, Jess and Ethan were also getting more comfortable just overtly messing around in the apartment and in front of me. I don't know if this was a part of Jess' fetish for humiliating me, or just the taboo surrounding their sex just getting eroded more and more over time.
For instance, one evening, I came back to the apartment to see them huddled on the couch watching a movie together. Ethan had his cock pulled out of his pants, thick as all hell and at full length, and Jess was cuddled up beside him with the last fifth of the massive cock in her mouth.
They stayed there, watching the movie, her suckling on his cock seemingly almost more out of comfort than for any sexual reason, and barely seemed to react to me entering the apartment. I sat there with them awkwardly watching the rest of the movie, her mouth not leaving his member until the end credits.
Another time, I was at our kitchen table doing some work on my laptop while they were in Ethan's room doing exactly what I thought they were probably doing. Ethan's bedroom door opened and my eyes were drawn instinctively to see him walking out carrying Jess bent forward in front of him, his muscular arms flexed and his large hands holding her up by her hips.
They were both fully nude, and it took a couple of seconds for me to realize that Ethan wasn't just holding up Jess in front of him - he was still inside of her.
"Hey, look at this!" Ethan called over to me. He was laughing, and thought this was hilarious. It definitely gave me the normal pangs of shame and humiliation, but it was almost endearing that he wanted to include me in this, and genuinely thought it would be a funny thing to show me.
In practice though, seeing Jess also giggling while trying to supress the surges of pleasure that came as Ethan's massive cock shifted inside of her with every step he took as he easily carried around my girlfriend couldn't have been more emasculating.
He walked up to within a few feet of me, and Jess was now close enough to even be able to reach out and touch me. He then started to move Jess' hips so that he was lightly pumping his thick dick in and out of her.
That was when Jess, being held off the ground by two hands and a large cock, her face a couple feet from mine, couldn't hold back the floodgates any longer, and despite her hard work trying to supress it, started to cum.
I had been around her getting off without me before, and even with Ethan a few times, but I'd never stared straight into her face head-on while another man gave her a very hearty orgasm. She moaned and squealed in a way she never had with me.
Then, when the orgasm had passed and a rush of contentment flowed through her, Ethan turned around walked her back to his room. Jess continued with low moaning as I watched Ethan's round muscular ass walk her back behind closed doors to continue with their Olympic-level fucking.
In the weeks after the big turning point in our apartment, our whole dynamic started to leak outward in different ways, and was no longer something that stayed just between the three of us.
Jess' friend Lara was over at the apartment one day. I had left the two of them to catch up by heading to our bedroom, but I hadn't closed the door all the way. I wasn't trying to purposely spy on them, but when they were talking and I could vaguely hear it through the crack in the door, I started to pay more attention out of curiosity. To be fair, I didn't expect the conversation to take the turn that it appeared to be taking.
"It's HUGE," Jess murmurred, exasperated. Immediately I knew what the topic of conversation was. "SO thick."
"Oh my god, do you have pictures?" Lara inquired.
"He's home, I'll just show you," Jess responded. Wait, what?!
"What about your boyfriend?"
"He doesn't care. We're open like that." Well, I guess technically this was true, it just sounded strange to hear it said aloud like that.
I could tell they were heading toward Ethan's bedroom, and I leapt up toward the door, waiting until they had entered his room before I left ours. They had left Ethan's door open a crack as well, luckily (wait, luckily?). I peered through the crack to catch what was going to happen, telling myself it was just normal run-of-the-mill curiosity driving me.
Ethan was already standing up, and Jess, without a modicum of hesitation, yanked down his shorts, his thick bulge in his tight briefs swinging from the motion. Even held back within underwear, it was still an awe-inspiring penis to see. Lara let out a quiet surprised squeal, obviously a little nervous in this situation. Thankfully for her, Jess' confidence was more than enough for both of them.
Jess quickly grabbed the waistband of his briefs and pulled them down as well. His full cock unfurled, snapping back up to tap Jess' chin and just narrowly missing Lara. "Go ahead, grab it," Jess said, proudly wielding it in her hand (as much as a dainty hand can wield something that massive), and pointing it at Lara.
She hesitated for a moment, then grabbed it with both of her hands, and started with slow, deliberate jerking movements as she bit her lip. Ethan's cock started to harden even more, although it was already long enough to accommodate the three hands.
Jess had a huge smile on her face that she couldn't contain, clearly noticing how much Lara was enjoying this interaction. "You can lick it, Ethan won't care."
With less hesitation than before, Lara licked the head of Ethan's cock slowly, really savouring it. Of course that was just a gateway lick, and her inhibitions vanished as she started licking it more thoroughly up and down the shaft.
Finally, Lara took the end of the cock in her mouth, and Jess started to suck along the length of it. The two friends were fully blowing Ethan now, another threesome between Jess and Ethan when I'd still had none.
Despite the jealousy though, my legs began squirming as I realized I was getting turned on as well. I started quietly rubbing my dick through my pants, the sensation reminding me that I was wearing a pair of Jess' panties today (light blue cheeky ones).
I went back to our room and for the first time, got off while Jess was taking Ethan's cock.
Even though I was still conflicted about that experience, it was still a net positive for me. Still, not every instance of our unique relationship leaking into the outside world was satisfying in the same way.
One Saturday night, Ethan's friend Darren was hanging out at our apartment. Jess and I were coming home from a date night out, and they invited us to have some drinks with them.
One thing lead to another, and we began a game of truth or dare while drinking, which soon turned into just drinking and dares after Darren stopped letting any of us play it safe with truths.
Jess was determined to take full advantage of the situation and the social pressure this would put on me. It wasn't long before she decided the stakes had ramped up sufficiently that she could get away with giving me a more extreme sexual dare.
"I dare you to grab Ethan's dick!" she giggled, figuring she had me dead to rights. Even in the context of the game, I didn't want to have to do this now. After some negotiating, Ethan suggested we all get one veto, and I used mine as quickly as I could formulate the words.
This was still eye-opening in its own way though. I could tell how much Jess wanted this. It was almost alarming how I thought about this act, as if it was now an inevitability - if Jess wanted it, then it was going to happen eventually.
I was able to put it out of my mind for that night at least, and I agreed to the replacement dare Darren gave me confidently and assertively, as if the vetoed dare could have somehow resurfaced if I wasn't quick enough.
It wasn't until after agreeing that the reality of the dare truly sunk in - he'd said I'd have to go down to get our mail from the ground floor of the apartment building in my underwear. A little embarrassing, sure, but as long as I was fast, I could maybe... uh oh...
My mind raced, fighting against the handful of drinks I'd had by this point, trying to remember what I was wearing under my clothes. Had I put on Jess' panties today? I looked over at Jess in a panic, and the sneer on her face gave me the answer to that question.
"No more vetoes, you have to do this dare!" she teased in a sing-song voice, already pulling my shirt off. I tried to cycle through excuses or explanations, but froze in the moment in a drunken stupor.
Then Jess pulled my pants down, exposing her not-quite-a-thong but still extremely cheeky grey polka-dotted panties with a pink bow above my small bulge (oh, right, I'd worn these because I thought they were comfortable...).
"She dared me to wear these!" I was able to blurt out before clamping my hands over my crotch in a mostly useless act of modesty. Jess was cackling with glee, but I could also tell she was immensely turned on by exposing me like this.
Ethan and Darren were laughing, although Darren was obviously much more surprised, and couldn't help pointing at me. Ethan gave me another playful slap on my ass; he seemed to do this any time my pantied cheeks presented themselves.
"Wow, better get that mail REALLY quickly dude!" Darren laughed. In my intense humiliation I'd almost forgotten that this was by far the least nerve-wracking part of this dare.
Jess shoved me out the door of our apartment, and, mail key in my hand, I started running as fast as I could with hands over my little bulge, the laughter in the apartment fading out with distance. I pressed the button to call the elevator, internally praying that it would be empty.
Thankfully, nobody was coming down in the elevator, and I hopped in. My nerves were more on edge than they'd ever been. Underneath my hands, my dick started hardening as adrenaline coursed through my veins.
It was late enough that the ground floor was also empty, and I was able to rush to our mailbox. Unfortunately, Ethan had a huge package waiting in the package locker, so my hands were full for the trip back up in these skimpy panties.
Jess finally got my hands on Ethan's big package in this game, I thought to myself, very momentarily getting distracted from the daunting return trip.
The elevator going back up was empty again. I was almost home free. Carrying the package with both hands left me feeling very exposed, especially as I was nearly fully hard now, Jess' panties' little bow now resting above a small pitched tent.
I got back up to our floor, and saw a neighbour heading into her apartment, but the commotion caused by my rush to get back to our apartment caught her attention, and she glanced over.
I was facing her like a deer caught in headlights, but quickly turned away to finish my sprint down the hallway to our front door. If she hadn't seen my dick pushing against the fabric of Jess' panties from head on, she might have noticed it in silhouette as I turned around, and she had to have seen my round little cheeks, mostly exposed, with the panties wedged up between them.
This was the worst outcome of the night, or at least it was before I made it back into the apartment. I rushed in, tossed the package down, and closed the door behind me before making sure to cover up my erection with both hands again, not ready for the sight in the apartment that awaited me.
Darren was standing in the middle of the room with his pants down around his knees, and Jess was knelt in front of him. I could piece together the gist of what was happening, but Ethan gave me some more context.
"I dared her to suck his cock!" Thanks Ethan.
I'd almost gotten to a point of being okay with Jess being sexual with Ethan, and even in the context of a threesome with hiim and another woman, but I wasn't ready for how humiliating it felt all over again to see her sucking a new man.
Jess turned to face me smiling, which exposed the sight of Darren's cock to me: it was a hair smaller than Ethan's (which I'd seen extensively enough to be able to mentally compare to others now), but was even thicker.
I could tell Jess wasn't just completing the dare out of a sense of duty, but she was enjoying every moment of it. This was made more clear by the fact that she hadn't used her veto for the night on this dare.
She sucked his cock with as much vigour as she did Ethan's on the daily. I stood there, covering my still-hard cock, as her moans ramped up. When the moans reached a climax, she took the massive piece out of her mouth to turn to Ethan.
"Come here, I need to suck you too." Damn. "Need", not "want". Ethan stepped over, pulling his jeans down and letting his already erect member spring up to Jess' eye level.
She took one cock in each hand and began alternating between them with her mouth over the soundtrack of guttural moans. There was no delicate servicing here, no cute kisses or light licking of the heads. Jess was satisfying her deep primal desire for multiple fat cocks and her laboured sucking reflected that.
It would have been impressive if it wasn't so humiliating for me to watch while standing around with her panties wedged up my butt. She stopped only to take both cocks at once and rub them over her cheeks and eyes and nose and mouth, burying her face in cocks.
Darren was the first to say he was going to cum, but this triggered a terse "Me too," from Ethan. A true cock whisperer, Jess took it out of her mouth, and started jerking both off at different speeds. Was she timing them to cum at the same time? Was that even possible?
Sure enough, within a second of each other, Darren and Ethan's cocks started spurting out intense streams of cum as Jess positioned her face in their path. Her mouth was involuntarily open, and it was obvious to anyone who could have seen her how turned on she was once this started.
She squealed as her face got plastered, and the corners of her open mouth curled into a smile in her ecstasy as a solid amount of their cum shot directly into her mouth.
Standing there through the whole dual blowjob process, I actually reached a point of being happy for her; I loved Jess and it turned me on to see her so excited and so immensely satisfied.
I realized that I hadn't just been hiding my cock behind my hands, but had inadvertently been rubbing myself under their cover. Watching these two hunks with their massive fucking cocks mark my girlfriend as theirs in front of me while feeling the wedgie of these cheeky panties in my bum was turning me on to new levels.
Oh no, hold it back, stop, pull your hands away a little, fuck, not now. It was too late, and I reached a point of acceptance as I came harder than I'd ever cum on my own, soaking my panties as Jess turned to face me with the biggest cutest smile on her cum-covered face.
Well, now I really needed to find my clothes.