Authors note: I haven't written anything for quite a while. I consider myself a pretty good writer, but lack the imagination, I guess, to come up with realistic erotic stories. The previous ones were all true (although I do admit I took some literary license with some of the details). At any rate, I recently became friends with our new neighbour, Lisa. She's divorced, similar in age (mid-forties) and very outgoing. On several occasions (and over several bottles of wine) she has shared some stories about her most memorable sexual experiences. These are Lisa's stories . . .
*****
I was a late bloomer and a little on the chubby side in high school. I went to my senior prom with my best guy friend, David, but we didn't even kiss let alone anything else.
The summer I turned 18, I was still a virgin and, quite honestly, more concerned with getting ready for college than chasing boys. In fact, I had moved in with my aunt, uncle and cousin on their farm two hours away from home.
We live in a college town and by the time high school got out, pretty much all the summer jobs were taken by college students, so my aunt Jane had gotten me a job at a diner in the small town near their farm. My cousin Tracy worked as a cashier at the one grocery store in town.
Tracy, who was 20 had a steady boyfriend named Brad. She worked the day shift and spent almost all of her evenings and days off with Brad or partying with her friends. I, on the other hand, spent my time off helping out with some of the chores and otherwise kept pretty much to myself.
On a scorching hot day in early July I came in from feeding chickens just as Tracy came downstairs. Her hair was still damp from the shower and was dressed in cut off jeans and a thin t-shirt which barely contained her ample bosom that I envied.
Aunt Jane smiled when I walked in and said, "Lisa, you're a hard worker and I really appreciate your help around here, but it's your day off so take it easy. In fact, why don't you tag along with Tracy and maybe meet some of her friends."
"Mom!" Tracy said. "Brad and I are hanging out today. Lisa won't have any fun with us, she'll just feel like third wheel."
"That's OK," I mumbled.
"No," aunt Jane said, "It's not OK. You need to get off the farm and do something. Lisa, you and Brad can find something to do that Lisa can enjoy too. She's your cousin and she's doing half your chores for you these days, so it's the least you can do."
"Fine," Lisa said. "But if you're coming we have to leave right now. That's Brad coming down the lane."
Brad drove a rusty old pickup truck and Tracy and I climbed in with him. Tracy sat in the middle, snuggled up against him. I sat by the door and immediately rolled down the window in hopes of a breeze. It was only 10 a.m. but it was already sweltering and Brad's old truck didn't have air conditioning.
"Mom made me bring Lisa along," Tracy told him. "I hope that's OK."
"No problem," Brad said. "Hi Lisa. What do you girls wanna do?"
"It's hotter than hell," Tracy said, "let's go to the creek and see if we can cool off."
"Sounds like a plan," Brad said. He put the truck in gear and roared down the gravel lane. "You OK with that Lisa?"
"Sure, I guess," I said.
I stared out the passenger window and watched the countryside roll by, trying to avoid looking over at Brad and Lisa. She had her head on his shoulder and her hand on his thigh and I felt really uncomfortable. I was wishing I'd stayed behind with my aunt Jane.
Before long we turned off the gravel road and down a dirt trail that wound through some cottonwoods. Brad stopped in a clearing and when he turned the engine off I could hear the creek through the trees. We piled out of the truck and Tracy led the way, running down a path towards the creek with Brad hot on her heels. I followed, more slowly, thankful for the coolness of the shade.
When I reached the creek, Tracy had kicked off her sandals and was standing in the water up to her knees. Brad was sitting on a big rock, taking off his running shoes and socks.
"We're going for a swim, Lisa," Tracy said. "You coming?"
"I didn't bring a swim suit," I said.
Tracy laughed. "Neither did we," she said. Then she grabbed her t-shirt by the hem and pulled it up over her head.
I think I gasped audibly. Partly out of shock at her brazenness and partly in awe of her breasts. They were big, round, firm and had no tan lines whatsoever. This obviously wasn't their first time in the sun.
I just stood there feeling very self conscious as she proceeded to step out of her cut offs and panties.
Brad, meanwhile, just as casually pulled off his t-shirt and took off his jeans. He was lean and muscular and also bereft of tan lines. I couldn't take my eyes off his tight, toned butt as he made his way into the water after Tracy. There was a deep pool a few yards from shore and they both dived in. When they surfaced they were laughing and gasping.
"It's so fucking cold", Tracy gasped, "but I love it!" Then she looked at me and hollered, "Are you coming in or are you just gonna stand there and sweat?"
I nervously looked around, considering my options. Tracy was so beautiful and slender and, although I was had started to slim down some in the last year or so, I was still very self conscious about my curvy body, wide hips and smallish breasts.
"Come on, Lisa," she shouted, "you can leave your underwear on if you're shy!"
So, in what was probably the most impulsive act of my young life, I pulled my t-shirt over my head, took off my shorts and made my way into the creek, stepping gingerly on the rocks. Tracy was right, the water was freezing and I considered heading back for shore then threw caution to the wind and jumped into the pool beside them.
We didn't last too long in the cold water but it was fun splashing around for a few minutes and great to cool off from the scorching heat of the morning. I actually started to have fun and for a few minutes forgot that my cousin and her boyfriend were both stark naked only a few feet away from me.
Brad was the first one to get out of the water.
"That's enough for me," he said and I watched as he walked to the bank, again admiring the tight butt of the first naked guy I had ever seen. Tracy came up behind me and snapped the back of my bra.
"Enjoying the view?" she said.
"Yes, it's beautiful out here," I said.
"That's not what I meant and you know it," she laughed. Then she clambered out after Brad.
I followed them out onto the bank, not sure how to deal with putting my dry clothes over my wet underwear. I expected the two of them to get dressed, but instead they walked up to a grassy spot beside the creek sat down.
I kept my gaze down at my feet trying my best not to look at them. They both sat resting on their arms with their legs outstretched and their full frontal nudity was right there in front of me. I turned and headed over toward where my clothes lay.
"You're not going to put your shorts on over those wet panties, are you Lisa?" Tracy said. "Come sit in the sun with us. In this heat you'll be dry in no time. Besides once we warm up we'll probably head back in for another swim."
"Umm, OK," I said. I walked over and sat down beside Tracy, still trying to avert my eyes. We sat in silence for a minute or two listening to the sound of the water and nearby birds. Then I heard Tracy say,
"Oh, you poor thing. That cold water really did a number on you!"
I turned to look and she had her hand cupping Brad's crotch and I got my first real look at his junk. Pretty much all I saw was his thick, dark pubic hair that glistened in the sun. Tracy's hand held his balls and a dark, wrinkly fold of skin that was his penis.
"Let me warm that up for you," she said as she leaned over and blew on it.
Brad and I made eye contact and he smiled sheepishly.
"There, that's better," Tracy said. I looked down and watched in awe as his penis grew longer and thicker as her hand massaged it. I had babysat and bathed enough little boys to know the difference between circumcised and uncircumcised and Brad was definitely the latter. His foreskin hung down over the end of his penis but as it continued to grow and harden the head began to peek out. It was only a few seconds before he was completely hard and the foreskin had slid back behind his rose colored head. It was about 6 inches long and thicker than I expected, having never seen one before. In retrospect I guess it was pretty average in all regards.
Brad had his eyes closed now and seemed to be revelling in Tracy's touch.
"Ta da!" she announced, looking over at me with huge smile on her face. "Wanna see what other tricks he can do?"
"I should probably go for a walk or something," I said, "and give you two some alone time".
I didn't move though, still staring at Brad's cock, throbbing against his tanned belly.
"Suit yourself," Tracy said, "but we don't mind if you stay and watch, do we Brad?"
"Fine with me," he said, without opening his eyes. He laid back then and Tracy lay down too, her head resting on his chest as she resumed stroking him. I tried to will myself to leave but I couldn't take my eyes off what was happening there in front of me.
Even though I was a virgin I wasn't naïve. I had friends who had gone all the way with their boyfriends and I knew all about handjobs and blowjobs and cum. But until now I could only imagine what it was like and I was mesmerized by what I was seeing.
Tracy would massage his balls then lightly run a finger up the underside of his cock. I remember being surprised at how much hair he had down there and how it grew an inch or so up his shaft. Then she would use her thumb and forefinger and slide his foreskin up over the head, let go and watch it slip back down. She did that over and over again and Brad moaned. At first I thought maybe she'd hurt him but quickly realized it was a moan of pleasure.
Tracy would look at me from time to time to gauge my reaction and she seemed pretty pleased with the show they were putting on for me.
"Is this your first time, up close and personal with a dick?" she said.
I nodded.
"Do you want to touch it?"
Brad's eyes flew open and he looked over at me then at Tracy to see if she was serious. Then he looked back at me and raised his eyebrows.
"No," I said quietly.
"You sure?" Tracy said.
"Yeah," I said, "pretty sure". I think I was hoping she'd insist but she shrugged and turned her attention back to Brad's cock.
She had her hand wrapped around it and was stroking it slowly. A steady stream of clear, sticky fluid was oozing from the tip and dripping onto his hard abs. Tracy gathered some on the tip of a finger and made a show of putting it in her mouth, savouring the taste.
I didn't know about precum yet and I thought maybe he had cum. I was a little disappointed because my friends had made a guy's orgasm sound so much more dramatic than what I had just witnessed.
Tracy started stroking him again, faster this time. Brad moaned and announced "I'm gonna cum!"
"Yeah, babe," Tracy said, "cum for us. Show Lisa how much you've got stored in those big balls of yours. Do it babe, come on, cum for us . . ."
"Oh, fuck!" Brad's whole body tensed and his but lifted up off the grass. Tracy kept up her pace, stroking and encouraging him.
"Oh, yeah, babe. Do it! Shoot for me! Show Lisa your cum!"
Then with a moan that startled me a little, he thrust his butt in the air and a huge white stream of cum exploded from the tip of his cock hitting his chin and neck. Then three or four more spurts coated his chest. I was enraptured by it all and amazed at how much there was. Even after the spurting stopped he continued to ooze cum in a steady stream pooling on his stomach until he finally rested his butt back on the ground and sighed contentedly.
"Fuck," he said, "that was amazing".
"Wow, I think that's the most you've ever cum, babe," Tracy said. "I'm glad I didn't have to swallow that load." She giggled then used her finger again to scoop some up. She held it out to me.
"Wanna taste?"
I smiled, sheepishly, and shook my head.
"Yeah, don't blame you," she said. "It's an acquired taste."
She then proceeded to suck the glob of cum off her finger then picked up his cock again and used her thumb to clean the last remnants off the tip. Then she wiped the cum off his chin and licked that off her finger.
"Come on, let's go clean you off," she said and she stood and pulled on his hand until he stood up. Hand in hand they headed into back into the creek.