(In the first part of this story "Phone Call from the Nude Beach", a young woman calls her husband from a clothing-optional beach near Miami. He's up north consumed with jealousy because other guys are seeing her naked. Before hanging up they agree that he'll try to get on a flight that afternoon to join her. Two hours later her phone rings...)
"Oh no! You couldn't get on the flight? Now what?
"They can get you on one late tonite? Well, you should still come, because they revised the weather forecast for tomorrow, and now it's s'posed to be a good day for the beach. So you'll have all day to see me naked in public, then you can fly home tomorrow night. Cool!
"OK, then try to get on that next flight. I'll text you later how to get to the hotel. Well, now that we see that your day's been a bummer so far, I can tell you how mine's been going since we hung up.
"First I gotta tell you about that new bikini. I really like it and I think you will too. The top pieces almost cover the tips of my nipples, but the little strip down the front keeps disappearing into my pussy. Maybe that's why the bus driver told me I could ride for free if I stayed near the front of the bus. But once he dropped me off at the beach where I could get naked, I took it off and made it into a little ring as a holder for my ponytail. That's how I'm wearing it now—much more comfortable this way! But I'll have to put it back on properly when we go club-hopping tonight, after your flight gets here.
"These men here have been really helpful making sure every bit of me is covered with sunblock. They seem to be especially concerned about my pussy and my tits, since I started out very pale in those places.
"Are they seeing my pussy now? Of course, just like you wanted all those men to see me when you took me that time to Sandy Hook. Oh hey, it's time for another application of sunblock, they told me that under this Florida sun you have to re-apply it every 10 minutes or so. I've got to put the phone down for a sec so I can use both hands to rub this cream on. I think you can still hear me? Good, because I need both hands. If I hold my lips apart with the fingers of one hand, I can use the other hand to spread the cream. Most of the wet is from the sunblock, but not all of it. Got to make sure I get lotion on all the pink parts, —Um, sorry, I don't mean to be grossing you guys out, I hope you don't mind me opening my legs so I can smear this sunblock around; I don't want to get a sunburn down there, of all places! And thanks, that's sweet of you but I can rub my pussy myself. But what you can do is take this bottle of lotion and squirt it onto my pussy. Onto, not into! Just on the insides of the lips, but not into my vagina. It takes three hands to do this! With you holding the bottle I can use one hand to hold myself open and the other hand to apply the cream after you squirt it on me. Yes, like that, thanks guys!—."Okay sweetie, I can hold the phone now. I had to apologize to these guys for the beaver shot—most unladylike! They are so polite. Hey, maybe with no hair, it's not really a beaver? You know, I think after the next ten minutes is up I'll just relax and let one of them apply it.
"What?! You don't think they should help me? You want me to get sunburned? You're just jealous because you're not here seeing them see my pussy! And, by the way, Mister Jealous, they're seeing my tits, too.
"No, they did not rub the cream on my tits. But they showed me the places on the undersides where I had missed. Same for my butt. And in nine more minutes, when they do my pussy I might just ask them to do my tits. We'll hang up now but I'll call you when we're ready to put more sunblock on.
(A few minutes later...)
"OK, sweetie, they told me it's time for sunblock, so here I am again. They found a deck chair for me to stretch out on, I'm lying on it now, and they're spreading my legs while I just relax. I'm just going to relax and dream of you while they're opening my pussy so they can rub the sunblock on. I'm going to make them stop just before I lose control, I just want to relax. This feels good. I wish you were the one rubbing my pussy right now.
(after maybe another ten minutes of her describing how good this feels...)
"Hey! You know what? I just realized! All this time we've been on the phone, it's taken about twenty minutes for them to apply the sunblock. That means every ten minutes you have a job that takes twenty minutes. So I'll be just lying here all the time while they take turns rubbing me. They do flip me over once in a while to do my butt, but mostly they're concerned with my tits and pussy.
"You're going crazy? Well, you can be the one doing this tomorrow. Maybe these guys will be here to show you how.
"Yes, my nipples are hard. Why do you ask?
"Oh, because you want to know if I'm turned on? Yes, being here nude getting what amounts to a massage in the nude does turn me on. Wait till I tell you about how my yoga exercise went, then you'll know how turned on! While I was doing the upside-down bicycle, a big crowd gathered. They all claimed to be yoga instructors and wanted a closer look so they could teach it. While I was upside down I did some splits, and they helped hold my legs apart. And you know how when my pussy leaks it runs down my leg? Well, this time, since I was upside down it actually ran down over my stomach and tits, and some of it actually got into my eyes and nose. I had to ask someone to wipe my face so I could keep the pose. All this time, the juice is running down—or up?—my chest and onto my face, lots of juice, so, yes, I guess it did turn me on.
"What was my clit doing? Sweetie, I'm surprised you're asking, because usually you don't even think about my clit. Well, she must have been poking out, because while I was doing the upside-down splits I could feel the breeze on her. That's when I looked—I had a really good view because I was practically nose-to-pussy with her, and sure enough, she was just starting to peek out from her hood, but then she came out really far and that's when I was breathing so hard I just had to break the pose. I slumped onto my towel and later one of the women there whispered privately that I must have been in another world for a few minutes. All I can remember was that it really felt good!
"Some of the fellows here are asking if this wedding ring is just so they won't hit on me, but I'm telling them it's real and I love my husband very much and I hope you can get here so we can go club-hopping tonight, and you can come to the beach tomorrow and meet all my new friends. So, get on that plane tonight and be in my hotel room because this is all making me really horny and I need you badly. Now I'm gonna undo my hair so I have something to wear and catch the bus back into town. Call me again when your plane gets here. Love ya!"