Dear Reader,
This is chapter 2 of "Reality Need Not Apply". Please take the time to read chapter 1 to better enjoy this story.
As I previously mentioned, this story is a collection of fantasies that I can't easily (or at all) participate in in real life.
While this story may better fit in the Group Sex category, I kept it in the Exhibition and Voyeurism category for continuity's sake. Not to worry, there is still plenty of exhibition.
I will say that some parts of my life have slipped into this story. I'll let you decide which parts.
As a warning, if you find women being called sluts or used as sex objects a turn off, please don't read this story.
Your rating and comments are appreciated.
——————————————————-
I woke up the next morning snuggled up to Sabina. My pussy felt stretched and sore in a pleasant way. My bum was a bit tender too. Thankfully, my headache was almost non-existent from the previous night's drinking.
"Come on you sexy slut, wake up," I say as I shake Sabina awake.
"You're a bigger slut," Sabina grumbles.
I pull myself out of bed and grab two bottles of water and a bottle of Aspirin.
"Sabina sit up and drink some water."
Sabina half sits up, her blond hair in the ultimate bed head style. She accepts the water and two Aspirin from me.
I go to the bathroom and start the shower, letting it warm up. Then I head back to the bedroom to pull Sabina's sorry ass out of bed. She grumbles some more, but eventually I get her into the bathroom and strip her. I shove her toothbrush into her hand and grab mine.
Both Sabina and I hop in the shower. We cling to each other allowing the warm water to soothe our well used girl bits. I look at my nipples and realize they are bruised. Was that Derek or Philip who did it. I fucked so many times last night, I honestly couldn't remember.
Grabbing some shampoo, I get to work washing Sabina's hair and then my own. Sabina is no where close to being a morning person. She seems content to let me do all the work.
After I finish soaping us up and rinsing us off, I pin Sabina to the shower wall and start making out with her. She responds back eagerly. We enjoy the closeness of each other. Neither of us feeling the need to get off. We're just sparking a slow burn that we know we can stoke throughout the day.
The water gets cold and we get out. I stand in the bathroom with a towel wrapped around me working a brush through my long hair. Sabina wanders off naked to go make coffee.
As I work through my hair, there is a knock at the door.
"I'll get it," Sabina says, as she grabs her towel from the bathroom floor in an effort to feign decency.
"Hi Johnny, come on in."
I peek my head out of the bathroom and let the towel drop in the doorway. No point in hiding anything. Johnny's seen it all. Sabina lets her towel drop too.
I step out of the bathroom and walk over to Johnny, giving him a hug.
"Good morning, Ms. Amanda. Your ass and tits are looking fine this morning."
I give Johnny a coquettish smile. I wonder if the men would ever let me fuck him. I walk to the kitchen to get coffee. The fantasy expands to me being passed down a line of club security guards, each taking a minute or two fuck my pussy. Damn, I am liking being a slut.
"What's up Johnny? You don't normally come to visit us. Did you come for the view of pussy," Sabina asks as she sits down on the kitchen chair and pulls her legs up and apart. Her pussy is open and on full display.
"I always enjoy seeing your spread pussy."
Sabina uses her fingers and spreads her pussy further. The bulge in Johnny's pants is becoming noticeable.
"I feel left out," I say, pretending to pout. Pulling a chair beside Sabina, I plop my bare ass down and hike my legs up. "Johnny should get to see two pussies."
Sabina gives an exaggerated sigh and says, "At least do if right and spread your pussy for the man. That's just slut basics 101."
I quickly use my fingers to spread my pussy. "Johnny get a close look. My pussy is dripping."
Johnny groans. "Why do you girls torture me? You know I can't touch you."
Sabina springs up and grabs her phone from the bedroom. She clicks the video app and soon Philip's face appears on the phone.
"What's up babe?"
"Johnny is here, and we're very naughty sluts." Sabina moves the phone down to show her open pussy and then mine.
"You are very naughty," comments Philip with faux sternness.
"Our wet pussies are going to waste. Johnny won't even pull his cock out and jack off. Philip, I like being a good slut. Please let Johnny jack off while looking at our wet pussies."
"Hmm, I suppose he can as long as he doesn't decide to stick his cock in you or Amanda."
Sabina squeals and asks, "Does that mean Johnny can finger our pussies? Please say yes, I want him to feel how wet we are."
"Fine, he's allowed to finger your pussies, but I get to watch."
"Can Johnny come on my tits?"
"Amanda, you are pushing it," Philip responds hiding his grin.
"Please Philip. I love cum on my tits. You can watch."
The grin spreads across Philip's face and he agrees.
Sabina flips the view on her phone around so her pussy is in the picture. "Come on Johnny, come feel my wet pussy."
Johnny walks over, cock in hand, and begins sliding his finger up and down Sabina's pussy. I'm enjoying the view and my pussy becomes even wetter.
Johnny starts finger fucking Sabina's pussy while rubbing her clit. Sabina makes happy noises. I lean over and fondle Sabina's breasts and then begin making out with her.
Johnny moves over to me. He spreads my legs wider to open my pussy up. Sabina aims her phone at my pussy to show Johnny's fingers disappearing into my folds.
I reached over to Sabina's pussy and begin rubbing her clit and finger fucking her. Soon she and I are gasping for breath. I come first and then work Sabina's pussy even harder until she comes. Finally Johnny comes, shooting a huge load all over my chest. Sabina aims the phone to show the cum dripping off my nipple and on to my pussy.
Philip's voice cuts into our happy panting. "I'm glad you ladies are feeling extra slutty because we need you sluts to help us close the Karis deal. Johnny was not sent over to be your play thing. He is supposed to drive you to Erickson Industries."
Sabina gives a sly smile and then angles the phone so Philip can watch her lick cum off my nipple. I lean over and kiss her, tasting the cum on her tongue.
"Do we come naked?" Sabina asks and then licks more cum off my breasts.
"Just come in something casual. We'll have your clothes here," Philip directs us. "Johnny quit fucking around with the sluts and get their tight asses here. The Karis deal has been moved up by a week," says Philip and then hangs up.
As I hop in the shower to rinse off the cum, I have to wonder who I am becoming. I'm Amanda, the professional with a fledgling career, and Amanda the slut, who seems willing to fuck anyone.
All I knew is work was going to be a weird trip back to reality on Monday. How was I supposed to respond to "How was your weekend?"
Oh it was great, thanks for asking. I fucked at least five men multiple times and usually in public locations. Oh and I fucked my roommate. She's hot. And then there were the security guards who jacked off on my roommate and me. Oh yeah, totally not an anal virgin any more. So how was your weekend? Did you do anything fun?
I chuckled at my own thoughts as I pulled on a T-shirt and skirt. I didn't bother with a bra or panties.
Sabina packed a bag with our make up, hair products, and some other toiletries. She wore a T-shirt and no bra with yoga pants.
I walked up to Sabina and quickly pulled down her yoga pants to reveal her ass and pussy. I gave her ass a hard smack.
"Bitch," she yelled.
"Slut," I taunt back.
"Johnny grab hold of this bitch."
Johnny wraps his arms around me. I resist the urge to grind into him.
"Johnny flip her sassy ass upside down. Let's see what gravity shows up."
I am quickly hoisted up and spun around. My skirt slips down and my bare pussy is revealed inches from Johnny's face.
"Spread your legs, bitch."
I quickly spread my legs, giving Johnny a close up view. Sabina comes over and loudly smacks my pussy several times. I shriek and begin laughing.
Johnny flips me over and sets me down. "Ladies, a pair of sluts is expected at Erickson Industries. They match your description so let's go." Johnny smacks both of our asses and we head out the door.
With a short ride down town, we park under the gray and glass building labeled Erickson Industries.
"Right this way ladies," Johnny directs us to a private elevator that needs a key card to use.
We are brought up to the top floor where we exit to find five giant offices with window views and a circular bar in the middle.
"Well, if it isn't my two favorite sluts," Derek's voice rumbles from behind the bar. "Amanda, get that tight ass up on this bar and spread that pussy for me."
I rush over to the bar squealing. Johnny helps lift me on the bar and I spread immediately for Derek. He delves his finger into my pussy and begins sucking my clit.
"Damn, Derek, this feels so fucking good," I moan. I grip the edge of the bar and grind my pussy into Derek's face. "Yeah," I murmur. "Fuck yes, feels so fucking good." Derek's fingers pick up the pace and soon I am coming, moaning out with pleasure.
Derek pulls back and his face and chin are wet. I sit up and slide my ass over so my legs dangle from the edge. I begin kissing Derek, enjoying my taste all over his mouth and chin. Derek's hands roam my body, fondling my breasts under my shirt and grabbing me by my inner thighs.
"Derek quit hogging the slut," says Dylan from behind me.
I give Derek one last kiss and then spin around on my bare ass and slide myself to the other side of the bar. I pull my legs up and hold them apart to give Dylan a good view.
Dylan reaches out and lightly strokes my pussy causing me to shiver. "Slut, you better get used to your legs being wide open this evening."
"Isn't that's why you keep me around?"
"Come on babe. As much as I wanna fuck that pussy, Mr. Erickson is waiting for us." Dylan lifts me down from the bar. He turns me so my ass is against him and he grinds his hard on into my ass.
Derek places a dry whisky on the counter. "Bring this to Mr. Erickson." I nod and pick up the glass.
Looking around, I spot Sabina's nude form through an office window. Philip has her splayed out on a desk and is fucking her hard. Her head is tipped back and her face is an expression of bliss.
Dylan loops his arm around my waist and brings me to an office on the other side of the bar. He escorts me through the door. There I see Jia, Mr. Erickson's sexy wife, naked and kneeling on the floor in front of her husband. Mr. Erickson is seated in his office chair next to his desk and his pants are pulled down. Jia is giving him a vigorous blow job.
On the couch, across from the desk, Jeremy is seated. He had apparently been discussing business with Mr. Erickson.
"Mr. Erickson, Amanda has arrived. She's brought you a drink."
"Good afternoon, sir," I say politely while secretly marveling at Jia's deep throating abilities.
"Set it on my desk and then service Jeremy and Dylan. I assume Philip's already burying his dick on the other slut."
"Yes, sir," I respond and walk over to set the drink on the desk.
Dylan guides me over to the couch. He stops me in front of Jeremy who tugs my skirt down, while Dylan pulls my shirt off. Both men pull out their hardening cocks. I kneel down in front of Dylan and begin sucking his cock while I stroke Jeremy's.
I hear Mr. Erickson give a grunt and shortly after I hear his zipper go up.
"Does the slut know what is expected of her this evening?" Mr. Erickson asks.
"No sir," responds Jeremy, "she just arrived."
I switch and begin sucking on Jeremy's cock while stroking Dylan's. My ears are acutely tuned in to whatever it is Mr. Erickson expects from me this evening.
"Boys, put your dicks away for a moment," orders Mr. Erickson.
Both men carefully place their engorged members in their pants. Both also have equally annoyed looks, but are wise enough to keep any vocalizations of displeasure to themselves.
Mr. Erickson says something to Jia in Chinese. She hands her husband his drink and then walks toward the door. Johnny steps into the room to hand her a silk bathrobe.
"Bring the slut to me. Place her on all fours with her ass facing me," orders the business man. "Johnny, go tell Philip to put his dick away and to bring the other slut to me."
"Yes, sir."
Dylan and Jeremy help me crawl up on the desk with my ass facing toward Mr. Erickson. Dylan spreads my legs more which splits my pussy open in a come fuck me way.
Mr Erickson sets his whisky on the small of my back just above my ass crack. "Don't spill my drink little slut." Soon I feel Mr. Erickson's hands slide their way up my inner thighs. He feels my pussy mound and then runs his fingers through my folds, and finally ass crack. I feel his tongue starting at my pussy and lick it's way up my ass crack. I lock my leg muscles, holding myself still. He inserts two fingers in my pussy and pumps them several times. I moan appreciatively, but keep my legs and ass still. He slaps my ass once and then leans back in his chair, taking his drink with him.
"This bitch will need to be clean shaven. Ass crack and pussy must be completely bald. It's the way Karis likes his women."
Dylan and Jeremy lift me off the desk. Both have their hard cocks exposed and I immediately start stroking them.
Johnny brings in Sabina with Philip following behind him. Both Philip and Sabina's fair skin are slightly red from their sexual exertion. Sabina, still naked, walks next to Jeremy and takes over stroking his cock.
Jia comes in shortly after carrying a black bag. She walks up to her husband's desk and sets the bag down. It makes a metal clanking noise as it hits the desk. Mr. Erickson feels for the bag and picks it up. From inside the bag he pulls out two metal butt plugs with jewels at the base.
"Tonight, you sluts will be entertaining Thomas Karis. You must be the perfect sluts. A deal with him is worth billions. Do you understand?"
"Yes, sir," Sabina and I say together.
"Karis loves pussy. He loves filling pussies with dildos, beads, vibrators, fingers, and whatever else strikes his fancy. He'll stretch your pussy and generally have it on display. You will wear a collar and a leash. The butt plugs will remain in your asses the entire night until I remove them."
The thought of my pussy being used and stretched by a stranger made me so wet.
"Johnny," Mr. Erickson continued, "you are responsible for making sure these sluts are perfectly shaved. Inspect them, finger them, whatever it takes to make sure all their holes are free of hair. And Jonny, keep your cock out the sluts' holes."
"Yes, sir."
Johnny wraps one arm around my waist and then does the same with Sabina.
"Right this way ladies."
I might not be allowed to fuck Johnny, yet, but I sure as hell was going to try everything I could get away with.
Johnny escorts us to an office bathroom with a shower stall.
"Hop in the shower and shave those pussies and ass cracks. Then come out and get ready to show me up close." Johnny reaches down and slides his fingers over my pussy and then Sabina's. "Get going now."
Sabina and I both prop our foot up on the shower stall ledge and begin to shave the strip of hair from our pussy mounds. Sabina turns around and shoves her ass toward me.
"Shave it for me. I always miss hair."
I take shaving gel and lather it over Sabina's ass crack. Using my left hand to spread her cheeks, I carefully maneuver the razor around her sensitive bud. I make sure every hair is shaved away.
"Do me now," I say while handing Sabina the shaving gel.
Soon both of us are completely shaved. Our pussies look tiny and fuckable. Unable to help myself, I slide my finger through Sabina's pussy, focusing on her clit. She begins making out with me. I feel her pussy getting wet and start fingering her. I slide down her wet body and lick her pussy. Sabina puts her leg up on the ledge to give me better access. I begin fingering her while sliding my tongue up and down her folds and circling around her clit. Sabina holds on to my shoulders, bracing herself. I finger fuck her harder and deeper while sucking on her clit. Soon, I feel Sabina's pussy clench around my fingers. I pull my hand away and suck each finger clean. When I finish, Sabina leans over and kisses me, our tongues meeting and sharing her taste.
"Damn, you ladies are hot," says Johnny, startling both of us. "Now get out here, and show me the goods."
Sabina and I step out of the shower. Johnny hands us each a towel and we quickly dry off.
"Ladies, come on over to these seats and spread those tiny pussies for me."
We sit down in arm chairs and spread. Johnny approaches me first. He grabs my legs and pulls me down the chair until my ass is almost hanging off the edge. Johnny spreads my legs even further, splitting my pussy wide open.
"Two dates with the same pair of pussies on the same day. I'm getting to be a regular visitor," Johnny says more to himself. He bends over and licks my pussy. Then he moves over to Sabina and gives her pussy a lick.
"Flip over and lean against the chairs. I want to see those pretty asses."
We both flip over. I feel Johnny rub his finger down my ass crack. He stops at my bud and rubs his thumb over and pushes in slightly. He pulls out and slides his finger down to my pussy opening and begins to finger fuck me.
"I watched Sabina get off. I wanna see you get off too." He slides his other hand around and begins rubbing my clit.
I hear Sabina move, and then I hear a zipper come down.
"I wish I could put this pretty cock in my mouth," she pouts. I turn my head and watch Sabina give Johnny a hand job.
"Get in line slut. I want that cock buried in my pussy." With that remark, Johnny begins finger fucking me without mercy. I pictured his cock plunging into me over and over again. "That feels so good Johnny. Yes, fuck my little pussy." Johnny rubs my clit more quickly and in less than a minute my body is going stiff with an orgasm.
I flip over on the chair and watch Sabina milk the cum out of Johnny's hard cock. He groans and then falls back on the other chair.
"Damn ladies, you can ride and suck my cock the minute you get permission."
We all cuddle together for a minute enjoying each other's touch. Finally, Johnny says, "I have to get you back. Mr Erickson will want you around sooner than later."
Doing one last check, for real this time, we see our tiny pussies are hair free. We put on make up and tie our hair up in ponytails on top of our head.
Johnny escorts us back to Mr. Erickson. He is sitting at the bar drinking another whiskey. His wife is naked again and leaning against her husband.
Johnny announces our return, and Mr. Erickson directs us to sit on the bar counter with our legs open.
He turns to his wife and pulls her into a passionate kiss. Jia appears to love the attention and wraps her arms around her husband. He grabs her ass and pulls her tight to his body, not worried about any kind of audience. Mr. Erickson pulls away says something to his wife in Chinese. She nods and walks off. Johnny again has the silk bathrobe in hand to give to Jia.
"Now to feel some slutty pussies. Johnny, I trust you've done a thorough inspection."
"Yes sir, very thorough."
Dylan walks over to me and push my legs up on the bar to spread my pussy further apart. He then does the same with Sabina.
Mr. Erickson grips the bar and feels his way over to Sabina and I. His hand hits my outer thigh and begins to feel its way towards my open pussy. He immediately sticks his finger into my pussy opening.
"Johnny, this slut is very wet. You must have gotten up close and personal."
"I was very thorough, sir."
Mr. Erickson's hands slide up and down my outer lips. Then he cups my entire pussy, squeezing it.
"Get off the bar, slut, and turn so your ass is facing outward."
I hop down and see Jia approach. She has the black bag and lubricant in her hand. She walks over to her husband and places her free hand on his arm. He extends his hand and Jia places the lube in it with an open cap. Soon, I feel the slightly too cool lubricant slathered on my ass crack and a finger being pushed into my ass. The initial shock causes me to suck in my breath. I slowly let it out. As I do, a metal butt plug with a pink jewel is inserted into my puckered hole. I shiver and bite back a cry. My ass feels full and stretched.
"Jeremy, come collar this slut."
Jeremy approaches me and puts a collar around my neck with the same pink jewels that match my butt plug. He then attaches a matching leash to my collar.
"Little slut," Jeremy whispers in my ear, "I intend to fuck that tight ass of yours after we seal the deal with Karis."
I knew I was going to be exhausted after being used by Thomas Karis. There was something orgasmic about the thought of being used until exhaustion. I would be too tired to resist much making me completely at the mercy of the men. I could feel my labia swelling at the idea.
Sabina had a green bejeweled butt plug inserted in her ass. Derek put the matching collar and leash on Sabina. He then turned Sabina so her ass was resting on his crotch. Derek grabbed her hips and pulled her ass tight to his crotch, forcing the butt plug in a little deeper. He grinds on her ass repeatedly, causing Sabina to bite her bottom lip to keep from crying out.
"Come along, sluts. Mr. Karis will be here shortly to use your pussies. Jeremy grabs my leash and pulls me along. Philip snags Sabina's leash and tugs her along. We are brought to one of the offices that has a conference table and couch. There is also a small bar. Derek got right to work mixing drinks.
Sabina and I are brought over to small table on the other side of the room. On the table are several different size dildos, lots of vibrators, beads, and an assortment of lubricants.
Jeremy gets really close to me and grabs hold of my ass. I feel his hard on grinding against my pussy. "Maybe Mr. Karis will want to see cock in that pussy of yours. You'd take my cock nice and deep, right baby girl?"
"Yes, so deep. You'd make me come so hard," I whisper back to Jeremy.
"Kneel on the floor and don't get up until Mr. Karis tells you to."
I kneel for a few minutes just waiting. The men talk business seemingly unaware of two naked women kneeling next to a table of sex toys.
Johnny steps in the room and says, "Mr. Karis has arrived."
I watch Karis enter the room and shake everyone's hand. He was a shorter man with a few extra pounds, but not unpleasant to the eye. Derek makes the drinks and Jia serves them. For at least 30 minutes, small talk was made. Derek kept the drinks coming. I notice how all the men, except Karis, don't finish their drinks. Jia clears the glasses quickly so Karis doesn't seem to notice that he is drinking more than the rest.
Karis gets up to use the bathroom, slightly unstable on his feet as he walks out of the room. Jeremy and Philip quickly run over and grab Sabina and I by our leashes. They bring us to the spot where Karis is sitting.
"Okay sluts, time to show Mr. Karis a good time. Let him feel up your tits, finger those tight pussies, and both of you take turns giving him a blow job," Mr. Erickson said quickly.
Jia stood next to her husband, her hand resting on his shoulder. He drew her into his lap and fondled her breasts. Karis walks back in the room, smiles at Jia's breasts, and then smiles even wider when he sees two naked women by his chair. Derek quickly brings out another round of drinks.
"Ladies," Karis said addressing us.
"Hello, Mr. Karis. It's so good to see you," demur Sabina.
I give a sexy smile and ask, "How we can we take care of you this evening, Mr. Karis?"
"Damn, Erickson, you really know how to pick 'em."
Mr. Erickson smiles, while guiding Jia down to her knees. Jia instantly goes for Mr. Erickson's cock. Mr. Erickson lets a contented expression pass over his face, and then responds, "I assure you, Karis, finding sluts this beautiful and obedient is no easy matter. They're a fine wine, enjoy them."
Sabina sidles up to Karis and hangs from his shoulder, allowing her breasts to rub his arm. I follow suit and hang from Karis's other shoulder. Karis's hands slide down to grab our asses. I let out a sigh of pleasure. Karis turns to me and takes my nipple into his mouth, sucking on it greedily.
Sabina begins rubbing Karis's cock over his dress pants. My hand joins Sabina's and I feel Karis's cock grow. Sabina unzips his pants and her hand slithers in. Karis undoes his belt and button. I help Sabina pull his pants down, allowing Karis's cock to spring free.
Karis sits down. Sabina and I kneel next to him. Sticking her tongue out, Sabina licks the tip. I join in quickly. Sabina and I enjoy making out while also sucking Karis's dick. In no time, he's pumping his seed down Sabina's throat.
Derek approaches us and hands us each a full glass of wine.
"Ladies, why don't you enjoy the wine while laying on the table," Karis says.
Sabina and I hop up on the table, lean back so we are resting our weight on our elbows. We bend our knees and spread our legs. Instantly I feel Karis's fingers run up and down my outer lips.
"Look at these pretty pussies. So tiny and smooth. "
I turn my head to see Dylan and Jeremy sitting next to each other. Lust is in their eyes. I wish I could have one of their cocks in my mouth and one in my hand. I want all the cocks, I think to myself, and then suppress a grin and chuckle.
Karis gets up and heads to the toy table, still slightly unstable on his feet. He comes back with two matching vibrators. Setting the toys down between us, Karis extends both his hands and soon Sabina and I find our pussies invaded.
"These girls are so damn wet."
Karis begins finger fucking us hard. I let my head fall back and give a moan. I feel so close to coming. Hearing Sabina next to me, I know she's close. Karis stops suddenly, and I look up in time to see him licking his fingers.
"You ladies certainly are tasty. Now I really want to see your pussies swallow these vibrators," Karis says while handing us each a pink vibrator.
I insert the vibrator and begin fucking myself hard. I rub my clit feeling the low hum of the vibrator bring me close to the edge. My pussy is dripping. I alternate between fucking my pussy and rubbing vibrator up and down my folds and over my clit. In no time, I find myself coming hard. My body seizes up as the vibrator rests on my clit. Karis grabs the the vibrator and begins pumping it hard into me. I let out a scream indicating both my pleasure and pain.
Eventually my orgasm stops. Karis lets the vibrator hang from my pussy and it eventually slides out.
I hear Mr. Erickson clear his throat. "I think the sluts have earned a little break while we talk business. Johnny come grab the sluts and take them somewhere to relax."
Johnny approaches us, grabbing both our leashes and walks us out of the room. We follow him to the office where Philip and Sabina had just used the desk. Johnny pulls our collars off and set them on the same desk.
"Come on ladies. Come sit with me on the couch."
I curl up on one side and Sabina curls up on the other. Johnny leans forward and reaches behind him to grab a blanket. He throws it across himself so the ends of the blanket cover us. He lovingly kisses us each on top of the head.
"Having fun?"
"Yes," Sabina quickly responds. "It just makes me want the guys all the more. Amanda, did you see the looks in their eyes?"
"Yes," I laugh, "they almost looked jealous and definitely horny."
We hear the elevator ding. Johnny gets up and Sabina and I snuggle closer under the blanket.
A few minutes later, Johnny is followed in by a sous chef. Two plates of steamed vegetables, medium rare steak, and red potatoes are set in the desk.
"Eat up, ladies."
We both stand up to head over to the desk, the blanket slipping off our bodies. The sous chef's mouth drops open and his eyes linger on our naked forms.
"Like what you see?" grins Sabina as she slides by the man, her breasts rubbing across his back.
"He must like the view. He can't stop staring," I giggle as I slide by the chef's front side making sure my breasts rub across the man's chest.
Johnny reaches out and smacks my ass. "Mmm, harder, Johnny," I giggle as I scamper out of reach.
Johnny sends the sous chef on his way and we enjoy some wonderful steak with red wine. Afterwards, we freshen up in the bathroom, and Johnny put our collars back on.
"Time for round two, ladies."
We enter the main office again and find smiles on all the mens' faces. Karis is shaking Mr. Erickson's hand vigorously.
"It's good to be in business, Erickson. Oh and you've brought the entertainment back."
Karis walks up to us and begins groping our breasts, sucking our nipples, and fingering us.
Lifting his head from my nipple, Karis turns his head in Mr. Erickson's direction and asks, "How many cocks do you think these sluts can take?"
"What do you have in mind?" Mr. Erickson asks, his arm wrapped around Jia's waist.
"I love seeing a good cream pie. What say your men fuck these girls silly so I can enjoy the final view."
Derek comes around from behind the bar, clearly interested in helping.
"I don't think you'll have any problem convincing these sluts to open wide. They love cock." Jia is stroking her husband over his pants as he speaks.
"Hmm," Karis ponders a minute, and then looks up suddenly as the same sous chef enters the room. The chef can't seem to stop staring at Sabina and me.
"What's your name, son?" Karis asks the chef, causing the man to start.
"I'm Will. Sorry for staring, sir."
"None sense, these women are works of art."
"Yes, sir," the chef nods enthusiastically.
"I bet you'd like to fuck one of them."
"I don't know, sir. I don't want to offend Mr. Erickson."
Mr. Erickson chuckles and says, "Consider this a one time bonus."
"Yes, sir," Will grins.
Karis turns around to see Johnny at the door. "What's your name?"
"Johnny, sir."
"Johnny, you've been staring at this flesh all evening. I bet you'd like to sample it."
"Only if Mr. Erickson says yes."
"Erickson, what do you say?"
"Johnny, has already had a partial sample of the goods. The two sluts are quite fond of him."
Over and over in my mind, I think please let Johnny fuck me.
"Then it's settled. Will, you join the line for the pretty blonde and, Johnny, you come help take care of this brunette."
Karis walks over to Sabina and says, "Go make sure Will is good and ready." He walks to me next and orders that I do the same for Johnny.
Nobody has to tell me twice. I do everything I can to hide my squeal. I kneel before Johnny and quickly undo his pants. His cock is already at half mast. Quickly, I place the hardening cock in my mouth and begin to suck away. I lick the underside, swirl my tongue around the tip, and fondle Johnny's balls.
I feel hands grab hold of my waist and lift me up. Jeremy's lips were right by my ear and he whispers, "I need that pretty little mouth around my dick now," and he nibbles my ear. I shiver as I feel my feet touch the floor. Turning around, I pull out Jeremy's thick cock and begin sucking. Soon Dylan is next to me. His cock is already out and I quickly begin stroking it with my hand. Johnny walks to my other side and I grab hold of his cock too. For a few minutes, I switch between sucking on each of the three men.
Jeremy walks around behind me and bends me forward on to my hands and knees. Dylan and Johnny kneel down in front of me, their cocks easily accessible. I feel Jeremy plunge his fingers into me a few times. Next, his cock runs up and down my pussy, getting the tip nice and wet. Then, Jeremy pushes his dick into me. I remember the anal plug then. The pressure I feel in both my holes is so good. I throw back my head and let out a moan. Jeremy pumps hard. I barely have to move my mouth over Dylan's cock as Jeremy plunges into me. Jeremy reaches under me and rubs my clit bringing me so close to the edge. Johnny reaches under me and pinched my nipple as I suck his cock. My pussy clenches suddenly and I fall over the edge. Behind me Jeremy lets out a groan and I feel his seed fill me.
Johnny quickly gets behind me and fills my sopping pussy. It feels so good to have his cock in me. He firmly grabs my hips and begins pounding into me slowly. I let Dylan's cock fill my mouth as I enjoy the change in pace. My orgasm builds at a slow pace. Johnny reaches under me and strokes my nub. I feel my orgasm build more quickly until body seizes up and my pussy tightens up. Johnny releases into me with a sigh. He leans forward and kisses my back and then slowly pulls his cock out of me. I feel the combined seed spilling down my legs.
Dylan is behind me and shoving his cock in without preamble. "Sorry, babe, but I can't wait." He pumps hard and in just a few strokes, he releases into me. Just as quickly, Dylan pulls out and I slide to the floor, feeling stretched and content.
Karis is suddenly next to me. "Flip over and spread those legs. Bring the other girl."
Will and Derek move Sabina next to me. I reach out and grab her hand. We both look up to see Karis furiously jacking off. Soon his seed is shooting over our stomachs and breasts.
"Thank you, ladies. Your pussies were so hot," Karis says as he zips back up his slacks.
Johnny walks up to us and hands us each a towel. We use the towels to wipe ourselves up. Johnny helps us both up.
"Sluts," Mr. Erickson calls out. "Be sure to bring those tight asses back here when you are all cleaned up."
"I'll have them back shortly," Johnny responds.
Johnny takes us back to the bathroom with the one shower stall. He quickly pulls the collars off both of us. Sabina turns the water on and leans heavily against the stall as she waits for the water to warm up. When it's the right right temperature, Sabina grabs my hand and pulls me in.
We hold on to each other for a bit, letting the water wash over us.
"Hey," Sabina says quietly, "you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm ok. This was a crazy night, but I'm good. Seriously, I don't know if I will ever be able to come again."
Sabina chuckles as she hands me the body wash. We both work quickly to clean ourselves.
When we finish, Sabina leans over and kisses me tenderly. "I love having you with me on this crazy sex adventure."
"Somebody's got to keep you out of trouble."
Sabina sticks her tongue out at me and shuts the water off. Johnny is waiting outside the shower with two fresh towels. We dry off and both apply light make up to our face.
Johnny returns us to Mr. Erickson.
"Ladies, please come over to me."
Sabina and I both look at each other a moment. Mr. Erickson never referred to us as anything other than sluts.
"Go ahead, bend over the desk."
We both comply. Mr. Erickson removes our butt plugs and drops them on his desk. He lightly fingers my stretched bum hole.
"I have been waiting to use these asses all evening."
Jia is beside her husband, unbuttoning his pants. She tugs them down and strokes her husband's hardening cock. She places lubricant in his hand. Soon I find Mr. Erickson's finger invading my anus with a lubed up finger. He replaces his finger with his cock, slowly forcing it in. I feel my ass being stretched in that painful way that leads to pleasure. Mr. Erickson rubs my clit and begins fucking my ass hard. I let out a moan.
Sabina begins kissing me and I let out more moans in her mouth. Suddenly, Mr. Erickson pulls his cock out. He moves over to Sabina. Jia is there again with lube. Sabina quickly finds her ass invaded with Mr. Erickson's engorged cock.
"Jeremy," Mr. Erickson says between pants, "take care of the other slut's ass."
Jeremy quickly approaches me unzipping his slacks as he does. Jia hands him the lube, and before I know it, Jeremy's thick cock is in my stretched ass, stretching it even more. Dylan moves over to the desk, hard cock in hand. Jeremy pulls me up so he is supporting my weight and my feet don't touch the ground. Dylan gets close and my wet pussy is guided down over his cock. The two men fuck me hard.
I hear Sabina's moans and see Philip is double penetrating her with Mr. Erickson. Dylan pulls out of me and Derek immediately takes his spot. I am feeling so stretched. Still stroking his cock, Dylan begins rubbing my clit. The sensation is too much and I start coming hard. My clenched pussy and anus bring Derek and Jeremy over the edge. They both pull out of me, their seed spilling out. Dylan grabs me, backs me up to a wall, hoists me up, and slams his cock into me.
In my ear he whispers, "Amanda, come for me one last time. Let me feel that pussy squeeze around my cock." He kisses my neck and mouth and begins rubbing my clit. I feel another orgasm start to build. My arms around Dylan's shoulders, my fingers digging into his back. The orgasm grips me, my pussy clenching. Dylan lets out a groan and another load is deposited in my sopping pussy.
Gently, Dylan sets me down. He keeps me pinned against the wall and kisses me passionately. In my ear, Dylan whispers, "Thanks, babe," then pulls away.
Johnny's by my side, another fresh towel in hand. I use it to clean myself up and then wrap it around me. My exhaustion hits me hard.
"Come to me, ladies," Mr. Erickson calls out. Sabina and I approach him. Sabina looking just as tired as me.
Once we're facing Mr. Erickson's unseeing eyes, he says, "You've both made me extremely pleased this evening. We have a solid deal signed with Karis. You loosened him up and then helped him celebrate. Tomorrow, I am arranging for massages in your home as a reward. You will also be marked as belonging to us."
"Marked, sir?" I ask as politely as I can.
"Yes, with a hood piercing. I know tattoos are popular, but I can't feel a tattoo. A piercing in your pussy will be quite tantalizing on my tongue."
I didn't think it was possible, but my pussy got a little bit wet at the idea.
"Johnny will make sure the piercing is done in the comfort of your home. Johnny have these two pretty pussies pierced after the massage."
"Yes, sir," Johnny acknowledges.
"Get going, ladies. Sleep in and enjoy some quiet time."
"Yes, sir."
Johnny brings us back to the bathroom and seats us each on the chairs. Through half opened eyes, I watch Johnny carefully strip, laying his clothes out so they don't get wrinkled. He goes over to the shower and turns it on. He walks back to us and scoops up Sabina. He carries her to the shower and gently washes her intimate areas. Then he dries her off and sets her back on the chair.
I'm scooped up next. Johnny carries me to the shower. I feel his hands run over my intimate areas. Johnny kisses my neck as he washes me. When he's done, Johnny walks me out of the shower stall and dries me off. After being used so thoroughly, it felt nice to get a little TLC.
Feeling a little more awake after our shower, Sabina and I follow Johnny out the door. He quickly hands us the clothes we came in wearing and he makes sure that Sabina has her bag of toiletries in hand. Derek approaches us carrying a bag. He kisses Sabina and then me chastely on the lips.
"You girls were amazing this evening. I can't wait to have you at our newest club's opening."
I give Derek a quick hug and then follow Johnny to the elevator. I realize I haven't even put my clothes on yet and am finding it hard to care. Sabina manages to slide her yoga pants on in the elevator. Johnny grabs my shirt and pops it over my head. He then helps me slide my skirt on. When he stands back up, I lean heavily against him, enjoying his arm wrapped around me.
"Johnny," Sabina says drowsily, "will you spend the night? I don't mean for sex. Just to snuggle."
"I suppose I can do that, darling."
Johnny shifts his weight, drops the bag he is holding, and pulls his phone out of his pocket. He sends a text message, waits a moment and nods at the response. "I'm your snuggle buddy for the night, ladies."
"Yay," Sabina says quietly and then snuggles more deeply into Johnny.
I barely remember the ride home. I remember being stripped by Johnny and then crawling into bed. I feel Johnny's naked body fall beside me and the weight in the bed shift again as Sabina moves to Johnny's other side. Johnny gives each of us a kiss on the head and soon we are all fast asleep.
The next morning I wake to Johnny getting out of bed.
"What time is it?" I mumble.
"Too early to get up, baby doll. I have to get to work. Go back to sleep for a bit."
Curling up a little closer with Sabina, I fall back asleep and don't move again until 9:00. I slowly open my eyes and realize I need to get back to reality for a bit. I have grading and lesson planning to do.
Forcing myself out of bed, I wander into my room and throw on a pair of boxers and T-shirt. I then scoop up my bag and drop it next to the kitchen table. I start the coffee and head back to the table to start working. Before I begin working, I pick up the purse and bag given to Johnny after our two nightly excursions.
What's in these bags I wonder to myself? I open the purse and find it full of money. I open the bag and find more cash. Picking up both bags, I run to Sabina's room and jump on her.
"Hey, you sexy slut, wake up," I say as I jump on her.
"Get off me bitch. I gotta pee."
I roll off Sabina and dump the purse full of cash on her. "What's with all the cash?"
"I told you we would make a ton a money and have amazing sex. Half of all the cash belongs to you."
"How much is there?"
"I dunno, maybe $30 grand."
"Thirty grand?!?"
"Yeah, we helped Erickson seal a major deal. I'm sure there is a bonus in there." Sabina rolls over and grabs her phone.
I look over Sabina's shoulder and see she is typing to Johnny.
Sabina: How much money we make
Johnny: $40K I think. You'll have to count it
"Forty thousand dollars?!?"
"Amanda, stop yelling. It's too early in the morning."
I stand up and do a happy dance. My student loan debt was going away and all I had to do was fuck amazing cocks.
I smack Sabina's ass and yell," You bitch. You turned me into a prostitute."
"Yeah, you probably shouldn't let your job find out that you plan on having regular sex with hot and powerful men."
"Speaking of work, I have some to do."
"You're so boring, Amanda. Just quit your job so you can fuck whenever."
I stick my middle finger up at Sabina and walk back to the kitchen table. I didn't want to give up my career, but getting out of all the debt was going to be so nice.
The rest of the morning and early afternoon, I got my work done. Afterwards, Sabina and I went to the gym, knowing we couldn't let our bodies slide in anyway.
It wasn't until 5:00 that the two masseuses showed up with Johnny.
"Hi Johnny," I greet and hug him.
"Hey babe, ready for a massage?"
"We both are," Sabina says as she walks out wrapped in a towel. She gives Johnny a hug too.
"Good. The person piercing your girly bits will be here in an hour. I think you two can expect a booty call as well."
I raise my eyebrows at the last remark, but say nothing.
The massage was awesome. It was delivered by a muscular masseuse who clearly only had eyes for Johnny. By the end, my body felt like putty.
The piercing artist came next. It was quite a production to get the two massage tables out of the tiny apartment and the piercer's table in.
"You girls need a bigger space."
"I don't need to pay more in rent," I reply.
Johnny smiles, but says nothing.
Sabina and I take a quick shower together to wash off the oil. We're both in good moods and start making out. Sabina's fingers slide into my folds and before I know it, my body is tightening with a small orgasm. I slide my fingers into Sabina's fold, intent on returning the favor, when Johnny invites himself into the bathroom.
"Johnny, go away, I'm trying to get off," grouses Sabina.
"Everything is set up. Which one of your pretty pussies is going first?" Johnny asks, completely ignoring Sabina's complaint.
"I'll go first if you give me five minutes to get off. My pretty pussy is gonna be sore after this."
"Go on," Johnny smiles, "I'll wait." Johnny makes no effort to leave the bathroom.
I blow him a kiss and then go back to making out with Sabina. My fingers focus on her nub, rubbing it lightly. I slide my two middle fingers into her entrance, feeling her wetness cover them. Plunging in and out of Sabina, I pin her to the shower wall, and eventually feel Sabina's body go rigid under me as she moans in my mouth.
We quickly rinse off our girl bits, dry off, and tie our hair back in messy buns. I guess I was ready to be marked.
Sabina, still only wrapped in a towel, hops on the piercing chair.
The piercer, who has both his ears and lip pierced, gets to work cleaning Sabina's hood. I move to get a better angle.
"This is gonna pinch," the piercer says. With gloved hands, the piercer uses a purple felt pen to make a dot on top of Sabina's hood. He unwraps a tweezers with holes at the end and a needle from plastic packaging. He uses the tweezers to pinch Sabina's hood. Then he inserts the needle under Sabina's hood, and gives it hard push right through her sensitive skin. Sabina gasps and grabs the side of the chair. The piercer pulls the needle out and releases the tweezers. He quickly inserts a barbell, causing Sabina to gasp again.
"Both of you will need to clean your piercing with a warm water and sea salt mix three times a day. Use a Q-tip to get under the hood. Don't go swimming or take a bath. Wearing cotton panties is a good idea, and always take a shower after sex. It should take two weeks to
heal. Any questions?"
We both shake our head no. I stare at Sabina's pierced pussy, finding it incredibly hot. Suddenly, I can't wait to have my own piercing.
The piercer throws out the paper was sitting on, wipes down the chair with disinfectant, and invites me up. I drop my boxers and hop on the table, spreading my legs.
"Johnny record this. I want to see my hood getting pierced."
"Is that cool, man?" Johnny asks the piercer.
"Yeah, whatever. Mind sending me pics of their piercings so I can add them to my portfolio. Customers like to see my work first."
"Sure, no problem."
Johnny pulls out his phone and aims at my face. "Here's Amanda, about to have her pretty pussy pierced. You excited, baby doll?"
"Hell yes. Now aim that phone on the exciting part."
Johnny aims the phone at my pussy and records everything the piercer is doing. The needle through my hood pinches, but it's nothing too painful. I look down to see stainless steal barbell inserted through my hood.
"Don't change the jewelry for at least two weeks," the piercer explains. "And don't put any cheap jewelry in. That stuff will mess you up down there."
I nod and scoot over, making room for Sabina to sit with her legs open. Johnny records both our pussies. Then he flips over to camera and takes a few pictures. He emails them to the piercing artist. Johnny pays the man double the price. The piercer cleans up the piercing chair, folds it up, cleans up his other equipment, and is on his way.
I strip off my shirt and go to my bedroom to use my full length mirror. Sabina joins me. Our shaved pussies looking fucking hot with the metal protruding from them. Johnny admires us from the doorway.
Sabina rubs herself up against Johnny as she moves out of the door. She's back in under a minute, again rubbing herself against Johnny. He smiles at her but makes no effort to touch her.
"Johnny use my phone to take pictures of our pussies to show the guys."
Johnny accepts Sabina's phone and begins taking pictures of us. Pictures of our legs closed, spread eagle, from behind. Sabina grabs two dildos for our "photo shoot". I take a dildo and insert it into Sabina. I pretend to lick her freshly pierced hood. Johnny takes pictures of everything.
Soon Sabina and I are using the dildos to get off. Johnny switches to video mode and begins recording us getting off. We rub each other's clits, the pain of the piercing adding to the pleasure of getting off. Johnny gets up close to each of our pussies. Sabina comes first, her wetness soaking the dildo. I pump the dildo into me harder. Sabina rubs my clit a bit harder and I come with a moan.
We lick each other's dildos and smile. Johnny stops recording and hands the phone back to Sabina. We quickly watch the video.
"Damn we're hot," says Sabina.
"Look, we made our own porno," I joke.
"The guys are going to love it too," Sabina says as she creates a group text message to all four men and me. She sends the video and we wait for the replies.
Dylan: Damn, looks like they like their pussies pierced.
Derek: Those sluts are fucking hot
Philip: I've got something better than those dildos
Jeremy: I can't wait to show off those pierced pussies at one of the clubs
My phone was total crap or I would have joined in on the game.
"Sabina take a picture of my breasts. Ask them what they think of getting our nipples pierced next."
"Girl, you seriously need a new phone. We're getting you one after work tomorrow," Sabina says as she takes a picture of my breasts and sends it out to the group text.
Sabina: Amanda wants her nips done next. What do you think?
Dylan: That could be fun.
Derek: Pierced nips would look hot when she's wearing a sheer top.
Jeremy: Her tits would be groped non-stop while she is dancing
Philip: Both of them should get their nips done. They'd be felt up non-stop at the clubs. Then we get to fuck their wet pussies.
"I guess we're getting our nipples pierced next. That sounds painful."
"Yeah," I reply, "but it'll be hot." I grab Sabina's phone and look up pierced nipples. I find tons of pictures, including some with nipple shields.
"Damn, we could dance with these on and the rest of our breasts exposed."
Sabina grabs her phone back and looks at the picture. "Fuck, that would be hot. What do you think Johnny?"
Johnny accepts the phone and studies the picture. "Yeah, that would be hot."
Johnny hands back the phone and says, "Spread your legs again. Wanna see those pierced pussies before I leave."
Both Sabina and I spread, letting Johnny get a good look. He strokes our pussies lightly, feeling the metal in them. Pulling his hand back and grinning at us.
"Thanks, ladies. Always love seeing your spread pussies. I'm off."
"Bye, Johnny," we say together.
After Johnny leaves, I watch Sabina open a text box to him and send him our private porn. "He should like that," Sabina says with a smirk.
"Let's order pizza. I'm so hungry," I say as I pull on my boxers and T-shirt.
Sabina calls our favorite pizza place. She doesn't bother getting dressed. I realize she's a bit of a nudist. I strip again, feeling over dressed. Guess the pizza delivery guy is going to get an eyeful.
I snuggle up next to Sabina and we watch something mindless on a streaming service while waiting for our pizza.
We hear a knock at the door and grin at each other. Jumping up, we rush to open the door. It was Dylan and Philip.
"Hello ladies. This is quite the greeting," says Philip and then walks in and kisses us both.
"I agree," says Dylan as he circles an arm around both our waists for a sexy group hug.
"It was suppose to be for the pizza delivery guy," grumbles Sabina.
Just then said pizza delivery guy walks up. He's looking at the receipt and says, "I have a delivery for Sab..." His voice cuts out as he sees Dylan's arms around to naked women.
"That's me," responds Sabina.
Philip pays the guy, giving him s $50 tip.
"I thought we were tip enough," I say cheekily as I grab the pizza from Philip's hand and walk away. One of the men smacks my ass. I turn my head and stick my tongue out, earning me another smack on the ass.
"I think she likes it," Sabina says.
I stop short and stick my ass out. "Come on, harder, baby." Before Dylan can reach my ass, I run off laughing.
Hopping on the couch, I grab a slice of pizza. Dylan eventually comes to sit next to me. He hands me a plate, napkin, and glass of wine.
"Thangks," I say my mouth full of pizza.
Dylan wraps his arm around me. I notice he has taken his suit coat and tie off. His shirt is unbuttoned enough for me to see his chest hair poking through.
Sabina slides next to me, taking a slice of pizza. Philip sits next to her. He's also removed his suit coat and tie. It's a tight fit on our couch. Dylan sets the pizza box on the floor and pulls me on his lap.
Philip pulls Sabina closer to him. "You two need a bigger place."
I roll my eyes and glare at him, but say nothing.
We watch some more mindless television and finish off the pizza. Dylan must have been bored of watching the show. I soon find his fingers between my legs, lightly feeling my new piercing.
"This is so sexy," he whispers in my ear. He kisses my neck and grabs my breasts. "We can definitely have these done next," and pinches my nipples to emphasize his point.
I turn my head back and kiss him. Dylan flips me around so my knees are on either side of his legs. He grabs my ass and I kiss him more deeply. Coming up for breath, I see Sabina and Philip have gotten busy too.
"Where's your bedroom, beautiful? I want some alone time with you."
"To the left," I whisper back.
I find myself being scooped up and carried to my bedroom. Dylan sets me on my bed. He quickly strips. I move to take his almost completely hard cock into my mouth. He grabs the back of my head and begins pumping his cock down my throat.
After a bit, Dylan lays me back and spreads my lips. "Erickson's gonna be pissed I got to this pierced pussy first," he chuckles to himself and then slides his tongue over my folds. My piercing is a bit tender, but the pain mixes with the pleasure and intensifies the oral ministrations.
Dylan climbs his way up my body and kisses me. I love tasting myself on his lips. With little effort, Dylan slides his cock into me. He pauses a moment and buries his face in the crook of my neck.
"You feel so good wrapped around my cock," he breathes. Then he starts pumping into me. My left hand digs into his bare back and my right hand slides down to my clit. I rub carefully, working to get under the hood.
"Come for me. I love it when your pussy squeezes the cum out of me."
I rub my clit harder and feel the orgasm come on, my pussy squeezing down on the rod filling me. Dylan groans and releases.
For a bit, Dylan just holds me his weight almost crushing me.
"Let's head to the shower," Dylan says after a bit.
We both hear the shower turn on as Sabina and Philip hop in.
Dylan groans and says, "You two really do need a bigger place."
"Toughen up buttercup. Not all of us have the money you have."
"I'm getting you a new place. One with two bathrooms. Don't worry about rent."
"You don't need to do that. I'm a big girl with a job. And please don't tell me you're going to leave money on the night stand when you leave. I'll punch you in the balls."
Dylan chuckles and says, "Not a chance, babe. I plan on spending the night and using this hot body of yours a few more times. You're ours now, and I'm really going to enjoy that."
"Is it because I'm 'marked'?"
"Yes, that's exactly why. The last woman to be marked was Jia. Erickson doesn't let anyone touch her now."
"But I like being with all four of you. You aren't asking me to be exclusive, are you?"
"Hell no. I just want to use you a little more than the other guys. I really like you, Amanda. You're gorgeous, sexual, and make one hell of a porn video," Dylan says with a grin.
"Can I fuck Johnny every once and awhile?" I ask while holding my breath.
"Not until Erickson gives you to me."
"What the fuck does that mean? I'm not a damn slave."
"No, you aren't. Erickson just likes to mix business and pleasure. He likes to claim girls. But he also likes to make the four of us happy. We bring in top level business interests and Erickson seals the deal."
"You mean Erickson likes to use pussy to seal the deal, just like last night."
"Exactly. Philip was a bit pissed that Erickson let that sous chef fuck Sabina. He plans to ask Erickson for Sabina so she can decide if she wants to fuck some rando."
"I don't think Sabina minded."
"Sabina has been doing this since she was 18, practically a kid. She already has two years of nursing school done, but gave it all up when Erickson gave her more money. There's no doubt she loves sex, but she should have other interests and skills too."
"So if you 'claimed' me, could I still help you seal business deals?"
"For sure. I'd just have you by my side as my girlfriend."
"Girlfriend? We hardly know each other."
"Not yet, but that will change."
"I don't have to give up my career, do I?"
"Not unless you want to. And as crass as it sounds, you as a wholesome teacher is good for business too."
I chuckle and say with a sarcastic tone, "Anything for the almighty dollar."
"Hey babe, it's what I do," Dylan says unapologetically.
He gets up then and goes to the bathroom door. Dylan bangs on it and tells Sabina and Philip to quit screwing so he can screw me in the shower.
I lay back on the bed, reflecting on what Dylan just told me. Probably not what my mom had in mind when she asked when I was going to settle down. I have always l loved sex. In college, I frequently kept around two guys and sometimes a girl. I never claimed anyone of them was my significant other because I had no intention of being exclusive. Once I started working, I found I didn't have time to balance two illicit relationships so I just went without any sexual partners - unless you counted my vibrator and hands.
"Come on, babe. The other two are out of the shower. Let's clean up and get some sleep."
Before getting up, I plug in my junk phone and set a few alarms. Back to reality tomorrow. I had so many more details to add to my answer about how my weekend was. There was the night club, fucking six guys, my anal cherry popped, sealing a business deal with my pussy, getting my hood pierced, and a possible boyfriend who is okay with me fucking other men.
I chuckle to myself as I walk to the bathroom. Dylan's cock is already hard again.