By Joan and John, edited by CQtRose and hubby
*****
This spring we started making plans early for our vacation scheduled in June. We were looking for a holiday home in a quiet, secluded location, with lots of privacy. Especially as I like to go out naked every now and then, and we would love to start right from the house. We found just what we were looking for in a private little house in the Tsjech Republic.
We contacted the owner by mail and were assured it met our criteria. It was on a remote secondary road, backyard intimate with the woods behind, the entire home surrounded by a large beech hedgerow. In fact, he actually wrote, 'You could easily go naked sunbathing without anybody seeing you.' What better invitation did we need!
We booked the house for two weeks and set about making our plans. Half the fun is the anticipation, so we made a rather detailed outline of our activities.
John enjoys helping me push my boundaries, and I love him for it: exploring the emotional intimacy such exposure and challenges bring. This made for an exciting, sexy edge to our plans, because once we decide to do something together, we stick with the plan, no matter the consequences!
John figured I should arrive ready to enjoy the sun on every inch of my body. I blanched, remembering we would be arriving while the home owner was still present. John calmed me down, assuring me there was nothing to it - it was kind of like a practical joke on the owner based on his letter saying as much; plus he would be there, so we would be going in as a team. Only I'd be naked. He comforted me, reminding me we were a couple, and as my partner he would feel the part with me; it would be as if together we were both naked.
The following day, John presented me with a plastic egg - the type with a toy concealed within. I opened it to find a key-hanger inside. He told me I should take it along on our holiday, with some cellophane tape. I got wet just imagining his plans.
I know not everyone gets turned on by receiving an egg, but not everyone does Tao exercises with a jade egg held within their pussy like I do. And my new egg would be properly prepared with the tape securing both halves together.
Then John filled me in on his plan. I was thrilled and nervous at the same time: any time we were to leave the house for a walk, me in my birthday suit, the front door key would be placed inside my egg, and I would carry the egg with me.
The theme for this holiday first walk would be 'all natural.' To be natural, I had to quit shaving my pussy and armpits for the first walk up to the home. I was not to wear anything at all: no shoes, no slippers, not even a ring. Everything I was to bring would arrive inside my pussy! The only allowance was a small make-up kit, for any minor touch-ups needed while out and about that John would carry for me.
Our next step in the detailed planning of our adventure was designed to help ease me on my first nude walk. A coat to cover up would be in the trunk of the car in the event there arose a serious problem or risk of authority figure interference found upon returning home naked. But John's idea made it anything but simple. He would park our car twenty minutes from the house. We would walk from the house, me completely natural and exposed, holding the house key inside, to the car. Once we arrived at the car, John would depart to eagerly await me at home, leaving me naked and alone to walk back to the house to deliver my special travel egg with the key. I trust John's judgment completely, so I agreed to this too, feeling aroused and fearful at the same time.
After much anticipation, our departure date finally arrived. We packed the car and left for our all natural holiday. The weather was good and we enjoyed our trip, looking forward to our stay.
We made a few stops along the way, we loved watching the scenery and relaxing. When we were a few minutes from our destination, John began searching for the ideal area for me to prepare for our arrival.
To make it easier for me, he looked for a path into the woods where he could park the car to provide me a secluded spot to undress.
We passed the last village before our final destination, and John soon pulled off, backing down the reclusive path to my natural changing room.
In the open air, I undressed and placed my clothes and shoes inside my bag. Putting my bag in the trunk, I grabbed my beauty case and closed the latch for the last time. I returned to the passenger seat, sliding my make-up kit in front of my feet, buckling the safety belt across my naked body. My breasts responding to the odd sensations of bare-skin on the restraint.
John confirmed with me that I was ready. I nervously said yes. He placed his hand on my thigh saying there was nothing to it and assured me I looked great.
Soon after we arrived at our new home-for-the-next-two-weeks. John drove to the house and stopped in front. It was just a little before two o'clock in the afternoon, our appointed time to meet the owner. Oddly, no other car was present, but we prepared to get out. John got out first, went to my side, and gallantly opened the door for me and assisted me out. We walked to the front door, me with just my beauty case in my left hand, giving me at least a bit of 'feeling as usual!' air.
John rang the bell and I felt a shiver go down my spine when a man in his fifties opened the door. He seemed to freeze for a fraction of a second, looking me up and down. Finally he smiled and said, "Welcome to you both! Welcome! Get in!"
To me, he said, "Now I understand why privacy was so important to you. By the way, if you permit me to say, you look gorgeous!" I felt a blush starting between my breasts and spreading over my face.
Before showing us the house, he mentioned the neighbors were visiting and were still out in the garden with his wife. They were all visiting, passing the time awaiting our arrival.
John said, "No problem! It'll be nice to meet them!"
I felt a mix of feelings: nervous, ashamed, humiliated and proud all at the same time. I had never felt like this before; but once we made the plan, I had to go through with it. At the same time, though, I enjoyed being there butt-naked with all my heart.
Jan, the owner, showed us the house.
Finally reentering the living room we paused just before entering the terrace.
John asked, "Are you ready? Shall we?"
I said, "Sure!" and out we went.
The bright sunshine blinded me for a split second. My vision cleared to find us in the middle of the two couples. Jan presented us to each of them. Although I felt eyes all over my body, no one mentioned my nakedness!
Jan said, "Take a chair and make yourself at home!"
Kysia, our new neighbor, lay a towel on mine, which I thanked her for while taking my seat. My beauty kit again at my bare feet, we shared a glass of beer.
Conversation started and I soon relaxed. Our neighbors-to-be turned out to have a pool and invited us over for swimming.
They said the magic words, "Clothing was optional," and we readily accepted their offer, especially as it was getting quite hot.
After finishing our drinks, Jan said they had to be going, and left us to unpack and settle in.
Kysia said she and her husband, Mischa would be home the rest of the day. If we wanted, we could come over later. She exited the garden, taking a path to the left which would bring us to their home in a short five minute walk. We were told to enter the backside of their garden, and it would be the first building with a red door to the garden.
As they left, Mischa said, "Dear, you only need to take towels with you."
We got our luggage and unpacked. John asked if I would like to go for a swim. I quickly answered I'd love a swim. He asked if I would like a break from the natural vacation and dress up. But I told him it seemed unnecessary for just a five minute walk to Kysia and Mischa's place.
Then he took the key to the front door off it's hanger. Into my plastic egg it went, secured with a few layers of tape. Putting it in his pocket, he said, "You might need this later on."
John grabbed a pair of towels for us and we departed the house through the front door. Going left into the backyard, we passed the terrace, open the garden door, and went merrily on our way.
John held my hand while we walked, me in just my bare feet, the warm air brushing all over my exposed skin. I found I had to walk slower than normal without shoes, but after only a minute or two, we came upon a small bridge. Crossing, the wood planks felt moist and slippery. Nature was in her glory and we enjoyed our walk, reaching the house of our neighbor's and entering their garden.
We noted their nice pool as we made our way to the terrace. We found Kysia and Mischa sitting, sunbathing nude, and enjoying the day. They welcomed us, naked as I was, saying Jan and his wife had already left.
John joked, asking where he might be able to change. All the while starting to undress to join in.
We had drinks and a marvelous swim, enjoying the sun and heat. By the end of afternoon, we had become friends with our new acquaintances, and John suggested we have a barbecue at our place. It seemed like a good idea to me as we had plenty of food with us. Kysia and Mischa accepted our invitation, so John told me I could head home in advance to start preparing while he had another beer with Mischa.
He handed me the egg with the key saying, "I thought you might need this..." and he explained to our new friend about it! I felt another blush coming up as I knew I would have to insert the egg in front of all of them. That was exactly what John asked of me.
I reclined upon a deck chair, pulling up my legs and spreading them. Unfortunately I was too dry and had to solve that problem. Initially I closed my eyes and imagined I was all alone and started to fondle my nipples with my right hand, holding the egg in the left. After some time, I changed to rubbing my clit and was then finally able to open up my wet pussy. I started by inserting the egg, wide end first, until it disappeared into me. I pushed it in further with my middle finger until it was buried deep inside my pussy. And I was done! I opened my eyes. My spectators applauded while I closed my legs.
I thanked them and left for our house, where I quickly arrived without incident. I sat on the grass, spreading my legs and pushed the egg out. I was still wet from my earlier performance. While slippery, I was finally able to remove the tape from the egg and retrieve the key. I approached the front door as two cars drove past. They both hooped at me and I waved to them from the now open front door.
To be continued.