The girl, now in her first year of college, was excited about trying out for her school's winter volleyball team for girls.
A last minute verbal exchange with her strict fifty- year old mother was now leaving the day and time of her physical in question.
"Last year your brother attended grandma's birthday party" her mother began, "and you agreed with me three weeks ago that this year would be your turn." At the very last second she caught her young and very attractive daughter rolling her eyes in the reflection of the large living room mirror even though she had turned her back on her mother.
"Don't roll your eyes at me young lady, Now I need you to call tomorrow to reschedule your appointment at that clinic."
Samantha reluctantly called the following day but would have to wait another nine. days for an appointment. In the meantime she went with her mom to her grandma's birthday party and spent most of the time bored while listening to a room full of mostly old ladies gossip about a bunch of different things.
The day of her appointment arrived and Samantha was anxious to get this out of the way. Earlier that same day though a surprise snowstorm had hit the general local area Although the snow in outlying areas was coming down at a pretty good rate, the town she lived in wasn't getting hit quite as bad.
Still many local drivers were using caution on the roads.
She was going down a main stretch of road. In her Mom's four-wheel drive vehicle when suddenly she came up behind a much older lady driving at a slow pace and being more cautious than was really necessary.
To make it worse the young girl was stuck behind her for over two miles due to a no passing lane. Finally Samantha had her chance and passed the older lady. Even with her windows closed she yelled out. "Really. Grandma?" A short time later she arrived at the clinic. She arrived a little early as she had hoped and checked in on the third floor in the reception area.
She was told to have a seat in the waiting room. The stunningly pretty girl, only two months beyond her eighteenth birthday, walked around the corner into the waiting room but as her eyes roamed the room for a place to sit she noticed she was being gawked at by each of the four men in the room.
This made her a little uneasy and she decided to not even walk over to the coat rack because the guy seated near it kind of creeped her out. She made a split second. decision to leave her coat on and just leave it unbuttoned. She suddenly noticed a lady who looked to be sixty-five or seventy years old and politely asked her, "May I sit here?" thinking that the old lady was the safest bet in the whole room.
"Certainly, go ahead" was the older woman's response. The girl sat and picked up what looked like a very interesting magazine about fashion and celebrities from an adjacent table. She crossed one leg over the other and began bouncing one the upper one up and down as she began reading the magazine.
As she read an attendant came out to the waiting room and announced that due to the storm they were a little short staffed today and that it would be a longer wait to be seen and apologized to everyone for the inconvenience.
"Oh fucking terrific" the hot young girl said to herself. As she continued reading she was fairly oblivious to the fact that one by one all the men had left the room until finally she was left alone with the old lady.
However something about this old lady was different. Rather than being envious over the young girl's beauty, she had a deep appreciation for it...but it didn't end there.
Never in her dreams would the girl realize that the much older woman had a very subtle attraction to her. It was an attraction not as open and obvious as the one from all the men who had stared at her. After the two were alone for a few minutes the old lady finally spoke.
"You have beautiful hair," she said.
"Oh, thank you," said the girl.
"Forgive me" the older woman said, "but may I touch it?"
Trying to be polite the young girl said "OK" but at the same time felt a little awkward about it. For maybe five seconds the old lady petted the girl's long, shiny, dark-brown hair which perfectly matched her deep dark-brown eyes.
Maybe thirty, forty, or even fifty years ago this lady was attractive, but she was now well past her prime with gray hair and facial wrinkles. The girl went back to reading her magazine after sharing a smile with the woman.
Two minutes later the woman said, "I really love your boots. Where did you get them?"
"Oh" the girl answered, "I got them on sale at one of the mall stores."
"For how much?" the old lady asked.
"I can't quite remember" answered the girl, "but it was a really good deal."
Another minute later the woman asked "Do you play sports?'
"I do" answered the girl but by now the old lady was beginning to annoy her because she just wanted to read her magazine. As a way to get away from the old lady, the girl got up to go use the restroom.
On her return an attendant stopped her in the hallway and said, "You must be Samantha, right?"
"Yes" the girl answered.
The attendant said "Please go to room 309. and wait there for the nurse."
"OK" the girl said, relieved that she didn't have to back into the waiting area. Samantha liked the magazine so much she still had it with her. The odd-numbered rooms of the west wing were reserved for female patients. The even-numbered ones of the east wing were reserved for male patients.
The nurse came in and after taking Samantha's temp, blood pressure, and examining her vision and hearing asked Samantha to strip nude and cover herself with a gown. Samantha felt a little strange but did as she was asked.
A short time later she was positioned for a pelvic exam while waiting for the doctor to come in. Samantha questioned the nurse, "I'm only trying out for the school volleyball team, why all this?"
"Your school is on our list as one that requires a complete physical exam for athletics" the nurse answered.
Samantha's ankles were secured and with her thighs spread wide open it caused the gown to hike up to about the level of her waist.
Due to the clinic being short staffed that day certain medical supplies hadn't been restocked from the day before. The nurse noticed this and had to excuse herself from the room to get the necessary supplies.
The nurse, new to this clinic, was gone a good eight minutes trying to locate and then bring back the supplies. In her rush to stay on schedule she thought she had completely closed the door to room 309 but by a thread it wasn't totally shut. At that moment, Mrs. Riggins, the old lady from the waiting room, was asked to go to room 305 and wait for a nurse. Mrs. Riggins got up and headed down the hall.
At times a little hard of hearing, she thought the nurse had said room 309. Mrs. Riggins walked slowly into room 309 and moved about quietly in her very comfortable shoes. Young Samantha was now lying flat on her back and was so interested in the reading material of the magazine she assumed it was just the nurse entering the room again. Samantha held the magazine directly in front of her face and it blocked her vision to everything else in the room.
Suddenly Mrs. Riggins rounded the corner to where Samantha was positioned. Just in the nick of time she raised her hand to her mouth to block the sound of a gasp!! She could tell by the coat hanging on the wall that this was the young lady from the waiting room!!
The old lady got a quick but very close up view of the young pretty girl's incredibly hairy pussy!! Her bush was very thick and untrimmed and the color of dark chocolate and stood out in great contrast to the pale skin of her bikini area.
Also very noticeable was the bold, rigid, pinkish-colored bud of the girl's BIG clit, which was sticking out of its hood to eagerly greet the creepy old lady. It was a clitoris that could have easily been sucked, even by the mouth of a curious old lady!!
Mrs. Riggins suddenly had a deep, passionate desire to tickle the young girl's big clit with her tongue but circumstances would obviously not allow for it. She knew that if given the opportunity she could have tickled and teased the young pretty girl to an intense climax!!
The old lady quickly whirled around and exited the room and went back to the waiting area as quick as possible. Amazingly neither Samantha nor staff were ever aware that the old lady was in the wrong room.
Mrs. Riggins returned to her seat and waited for the room number to be repeated as if nothing had happened. The old lady got away with it!! On her way home old Mrs. Riggins knew in her heart that given the opportunity her tongue, which was still in perfect working order, could have brought the hot young girl to an intense orgasm.
Mrs. Riggins visualized the young girl squirming and moaning on her living room sofa after she removed her dentures and used her lips, which were coated with an ugly bright-red lipstick, to suck the girl's bold clit to orgasm!!
All this after making dinner for the girl and showering her with gifts of jewelry and clothing. Back in the day she had actually owned a jewelry store and still had a good portion of her closing inventory in her large home.
This had long been a closet fantasy of hers. She even would not have expected anything from the girl in return. As she finally reached her driveway she took contentment in the fact that she had seen the beautiful girl in the most intimate way, a way that none of the guys from the waiting room would ever experience.
THE END