It had been 4 years since the accident. You don't really think it can happen to you. No one expects it, but when it does, you don't realize the devastation.
My sister and I were home when the police showed up. They asked how to contact dad. We gave them the number. We were scared. We didn't know what was going on. Dad was home 20 minutes later. He told us.
At that point in our lives all we could think about was how it affected us. Dad was our rock. He held us together and kept us moving forward. It got easier as time went by. Dad was there when it wasn't. Dad kept the world as normal as it could be.
Neither of us understood the toll it had taken on Dad.
My sister and I are now 19 and 20. I'm Jessica, she's Jennifer. She's older. I'm the pretty one. Ok maybe she's the pretty one. Actually we look a lot alike. People often mistake us for twins. I'm 5'6", 125', brown eyes, brown hair to the middle of my back. Jennifer is 1" taller. We both go to college. Not far away, about an hour. We both wanted the live away experience. Dad supported us, emotionally and financially 100%.
As college kids you relish your independence. You don't call home as much as you should. You're too self involved. When you get home for breaks you spend time with your friends. Jen and I would drop in for some meals, but most of the time we were gone. This summer started out the same way.
We got home in May. Dad was excited to see us. A lot of questions about what we were doing, how we were. We love dad so we answered his questions. Then friends called and we were gone.
Then something happened. It was a small thing, but it started our lives on a slightly different course.
I was shopping at the mall. I looked down the mall and saw someone who looked familiar at a kiosk at the other end of the mall. I couldn't tell who it was. I wasn't really shopping for anything in particular. I was just browsing. So when I saw the person I started heading that way to see who it was.
The person left the Kiosk and walked around the corner. As I turned the corner I ran into one of dad and moms good friends. I could no longer see the person, so I stopped and she and I chatted for a while.
Then she asked, "How's your father."
That struck me as strange. My mom and dad used to see this couple at least 2-3 times a month. I told her he was fine. She said to give him her love. I wondered when the last time she saw dad was.
That night at dinner I told dad I ran into her. He asked how she was. I had to ask.
"Dad, when was the last time you saw her?"
Dad said he didn't remember.
"But you used to be such good friends," I said.
"I know honey, sometimes people just drift apart."
I started asking about other friends. Most he had not seen for quite a while. He said that most of their friends were couple friends. He explained that after mom died they all invited him places for a while. He was always a third wheel. It was often uncomfortable. Eventually they stopped inviting him. He didn't mind. He was uncomfortable going.
That left me something to think about. What did dad do when we weren't home?
I told Jen about my conversation. She said she couldn't remember the last time dad told us he did anything. He volunteered 3 days a week at the homeless shelter, but neither of us could think of anything else.
As kids we loved having dad home. As starting adults we started wondering why he didn't date. Dad was attractive. At 6', 195, and only a slightly receding hairline. He looked good for a 45 year old man. People often guessed he was in his late 30s. More than once, when people found out he was our dad, they were shocked.
Both Jen and I decided to take a bigger interest in what dad did for fun.
Over the next week we found out that dad rarely went out. Work, volunteer, gym, that was it. An occasional drink after work with some coworkers. Other than that not much. All the friends that he and mom had, had drifted away. They still said hi when they saw him. Invited him to parties and weddings and stuff, but they did not just have dinner or see a movie.
At 41 dad found it hard to meet new people. Where does a 41 year old man make friends?
About a year after the accident, some of his friends started setting him up on dates. He went on all of them. He became discouraged. He said that a lot of them were divorced and either angry at their ex, or had resentments about something.
He also said at his age a lot of people were fairly stuck in their lifestyles. People had conflicting obligations. People did not want to relocate, they had jobs, kids. Let's face it, at 45 you really don't want to move into someone else's house or life. Especially if you have kids.
He said he couldn't relate. He was madly in love with mom. They did not have resentments. They were partners who worked together on everything.
That made sense. They were always holding hands and making googly eyes at each other.
Even our friends would say things like, "Your mom and dad are so cute. They act like they just started dating."
Everyone knew mom and dad were happily married.
We decided to create a profile for dad on a dating site. We would see if we could find a good match for him. We created it and corresponded with a lot of nice women but, the reality was, he was right. It was hard to find someone. Everyone had "stuff". Emotional, financial, or other obligations. We had no luck.
Having more empathy for dad's situation we started spending more time at home with him. We'd make him dinner and force him to catch up on movies he'd miss. We'd sit with him on the couch, rest our heads on his shoulders, and watch TV.
He was thrilled to spend time with us. He'd take us out to dinner and make jokes about how jealous every guy is to see him out with 2 such beautiful women. He'd notice some woman pointing at us like it was a disgrace he was out with such young women. That made us all laugh.
That chance encounter with dad's old friend made us realize that dad was human and needed help right now. We knew he was lonely.
The second thing that changed our lives happened about 6 weeks later. It was a little thing, but had a huge affect.
I was in the kitchen getting breakfast. No one else was home. I heard a loud thunk in the study. I went in to see what it was. Dad's iPad had fallen on the floor. When I picked it up it was open.
I guess I should have wondered why it wasn't on the swipe screen. It didn't occur to me.
There was an open email on the screen . I almost swiped past it to close the screen. Then I saw who it was from. It was from mom. It was dated the day before the accident. Dad must have kept it and was rereading it this morning.
I knew I shouldn't pry, but I couldn't help myself. This was probably the last communication any of us had from her. I quickly scanned it. It was long and had attachments. I didn't want to sit here reading it. I quickly forwarded it to myself and then deleted it from the sent mail folder.
I had to get ready for work. I set the iPad down got dressed and headed out. I was hoping I'd have some down time at work to read the email, but it was busy and I didn't get a moment to myself.
I got home late, spent some time with dad and Jen. As soon as I could I excused myself. All day long the email had been on my mind. I was dying to get to my room to read it.
I finally got to my room. I opened my mail. There it was. I opened it. I re-read the from and date again. It seemed unreal that this was from mom, the day before the accident. I just looked at that for a minute and let it sink in.
The subject was: Can't wait to be in your arms.
I let that sink in. Mom had been away on a 10 day business trip. She'd flown home and on the way home from the airport was hit by a drunk driver. It was 4 years ago, but being reminded of it again brought tears to my eyes.
I started to read.
"I know I just spoke to you an hour ago and that I'll see you tomorrow, but I thought I'd send this for you to read in the morning so you will be primed and ready when I come home."
Primed and ready? I thought.
It went on.
"You are the most amazing man I have ever met. I love you more today than the day we met. You've given me everything I could dream of. A wonderful home, 2 of the most wonderful children I could ever imagine, and the freedom to be me.
"All through our marriage I have had the opportunity to hang out with other women. A lot are always complaining about something their husband did or does. They always thought I was weird because I had nothing but praise for you. I love you, and I love our family. You've given me the happiest 17 years of my life."
I stopped reading. I had tears in my eyes. I just let that sink in a bit.
I started again.
"This is the first time we've been away from each other this long and I'm horny as hell."
Uh oh... Did I want to keep on reading? I knew I shouldn't but I did.
"Darling, all I could think about yesterday was getting home and fucking you. That's right, fucking. I am yours. Totally and completely. I am your wife, your lover, your slut. Tomorrow I'm your slut."
Slut? It's hard to imagine mom using that word, but there it was. I knew I should stop now. I didn't.
"Remember the night before I left. God that was great sex. I don't remember how many times I came. What did you cum. 3 times? Once in my mouth, once in my cunt, and once on my face and tits. I loved the way it felt on my body. I loved the way it tasted. I really tried to suck you hard again so you could take my ass too before I left, but I think you were all fucked out. I wanted your cum in all my holes.
"You better rest up. You're going to need it when I get home.
"I was so horny tonight I knew I wouldn't sleep. I went to the bar to get a drink to help me relax. At the bar was a cute girl about 25. She and I chatted. I kept thinking, I bet I could get her up to my room.
"I know, I've never been with a woman before, but I was horny as hell. I thought you probably wouldn't mind if it was a girl. Then I thought, when I finally do a girl, I want you there. I know it's one of our fantasies and I promise I will make it come true for you.
"Here's a picture of us. See what we missed."
There was a selfie of mom and a cute girl. She kind of looked like me and Jen. It was followed by a 2nd picture of them kissing. Nothing outrageous.
It continued.
"See honey. See what we missed? Next time we're out, I promise, we are going to take a girl home. I'm going to eat her till she's dripping wet and then hold her legs open for you to fuck her. You deserve it. You deserve every fantasy you have. I'm going to give them to you. I know a woman who'd love to join us. I've told her all about you. I know you'll love her. She's coming to join us for our anniversary.
Ok, mom telling dad they are going to have a 3some. I felt both uncomfortable and strangely turned on.
"I can't wait to go out for our anniversary next weekend. Have I got an outfit you're going to love. Now that they're older I'm not sure how we'll sneak it past the girls. How many times have we done that?
"I love that you love to show me off. I love dressing so sexy and hanging on your arm. I see all those men looking at me, wanting me. It makes me hot, wet. I know it turns you on too.
"You always like being seen with your girls. People look at our family and envy you, envy us, but when it's just the two of us. You like that they know what they're missing.
"This week at one of the work sessions I was sitting across the room from a guy I don't know. I was feeling naughty so I flashed him my panties a few times. I know you love to see their faces when I do. If you were here I would have taken them off and did it again. He of course could only see the crotch, but I know how you love to see me in pretty panties. These were the pink leopard print thong with the ruffles. I love them. They're so trashy. I know you love them too.
"Remember that time I was wearing them in that hotel. We were in and elevator, heading to our room, my back to the door. You were kissing me and pulled my skirt up to grab my ass. Just then those 2 young guys got on. Remember? Neither of us adjusted my skirt. When we reached our floor we just got off the elevator with my skirt around my waist. I was so hot I think I made you fuck me against the door. You loved showing me off in panties."
I remembered something I'd forgotten. We were at a summer BBQ. mom and dad were off somewhere. I looked around to see where. I finally saw them across the yard. They had 3 or 4 of the guys with them. I knew where the were. I went back to what I was doing. I didnt remember it then, but now I distinctly remember dad had moms dress around her waist.
It went on.
"Why am I reminding you of all this? Because I want to fuck and you better be ready when I get home.
"Remember when we first met? You'd bend me over the couch in my apartment, pull my jeans and panties around my thighs and fuck me from behind. Damn, how hot it was to start doing that again after the girls went off to college.
"I'm your's. You can fuck my ass, my mouth, my pussy. They're yours. You want to fuck another girl? I'll help you. I'm yours. You want to show me off. You can undress me anytime you want. Don't worry. I will leave some for your anniversary present.
"By the way, I bought some new panties for tomorrow. I know how much you love cute panties."
She had taken a picture of her holding them. She must have used the timer. They were at weird angles.
They were cute panties. A pink, see through, string bikini style that tied on the side. The reality is we all loved cute panties. We probably got it from her. We've all seen her laundry. We may have some younger stuff that would look silly on her. But it's cute stuff.
Then the email went on.
"So baby. Here is what you're missing tonight. I know how much you enjoy watching a woman undress.
It was a series of selfies of mom undressing. She was in a skirt, jacket, white blouse, and heels. Again they were awkward, mom must have set the timer then tried to jump in the picture. The pictures were in order.
Mom taking off her jacket.
Mom with jacket off.
Mom unzipping skirt
2 of her pushing it down over her hips.
Next mom standing with the skirt on the floor around her ankles.
Mom pulling up her blouse to show off her panties.
Mom turning around for a back view of her ass.
A few of her unbuttoning her blouse.
One of her taking it off.
Next it's on the floor and she's there in matching bra and panties.
Next the bra is off, she's covering her tits with her arm and dangling the bra in her other hand.
This one is from behind. 3 shots of her sliding her panties off.
Last shot, facing the camera, blowing a kiss, covering her nipples with one arm and her pussy with her other hand.
I've got to admit. It was a hot series.
She finished the email.
"I love you. You are my world. I am yours completely. See you tomorrow."
Mom never came home.
I felt dirty that I'd invaded their private space. The email was both tender and fucking sexy as hell. I felt bad, but I also felt good. I felt closer to both of them. I felt I could see their relationship better. I could feel their love for each other and their love for us.
They were lovers. Passionate ones. Not just our parents. That was new to me. I thought about it. About 10 years ago they had a master bedroom suite built over the garage on the other side of the house. They had put in insulated doors. The walls were already insulated because it was attic space. We never thought anything of it. Now I realized that the room was private and virtually soundproof.
I also understood why dad was single. Who could compete with what he had.
I sat and pondered it a bit. I cried a bit. I still missed mom. I cried for dad's loss.
I heard Jen come in and go to her room. I picked up my iPad and knocked on her door.
She told me to come in and said, "What's up?"
I told her how I found the email and that I'd read it. She just looked at me. I hadn't told her what was in it yet. Just that it was an email to dad on the day before the accident.
She then asked, "Do I want to read it?"
I didn't know. I told her it was very intimate. It described their love for each other, their love for us, and, in great detail, their sex life.
"Is it gross," she asked.
I said, "Of course! It's our parents." She laughed.
"No it's not gross," I said. "They weren't doing weird stuff, but they were aggressive and adventurous."
Jen told me to send it to her.
As I left the room she said, "I had a dream about mom the other night. I don't remember what it was about. She was trying to get me to fix something."
About an hour later Jen came into my room. She was crying. She sat on my bed and said, "That is the sweetest, sexiest, grossest, thing I've ever read.
We laughed. It's gross learning intimate details of your parents sex life. On the other hand we both felt closer to mom.
Jen said, "I miss mom."
"Me too," I said.
"Can I sleep with you tonight?" Jen asked.
We hadn't shared a bed since the accident. There was a while there neither one of us wanted to be alone.
I moved over and held out my arms. Jen climbed into bed and put her head on my shoulder. Her arms around me felt good. I admit the email had made me a little horny.
Jen moved her head and looked at men. I kissed her. I kissed her on the lips. No tongue or anything, but more than we'd ever kissed before. She sighed. We fell asleep.
Saturday was mom and dad's anniversary. We still celebrated it. It was our way of remembering mom. Dad was taking us to a fancy restaurant in the city.
As usual, Jen came in my room and asked what I was wearing.
I thought for a moment and said, "Something a little slutty."
"Slutty? With Dad?"
"Yeah, why not. The email said that dad loved to go out with mom when she was dressed a little slutty. He liked seeing guys check her out. He liked when women got upset. He liked being seen with her," I said. "Who do you know that would make better eye candy than us?"
Jen laughed. "How slutty?"
I pulled out a black dress. It was a bustier style and showed off lots of cleavage. I couldn't wear a bra with it. The top fit my body like a second skin. It flared out at the hips into a loose skirt. It came to a little less than mid thigh.
"This should do," I said. "I'll wear a small black shrug with it to cover my shoulders. Something I can take off while people watch. That was in the email also. Undressing."
"Look," I went on. "Dad is proud of us. He loved it when mom dressed slutty. Maybe it will cheer him up to be out with two hot women"
"Ok," laughed Jen. "A little slutty it is."
"Don't forget cute panties," I said.
"Dad's not going to see my panties!" she said.
I replied, "Didn't you read about the flashing."
She laughed and went to get dressed.
I put on the dress. It showed lots of cleavage. I looked hot. I looked in my panty drawer. Black dress. If someone's going to notice them there has to be contrast. I pulled out a little pink thong and put it on. I felt naughty. I also felt hot.
Jen was downstairs when I got there. She was wearing a tight red dress, It was open on either side to the hip and held together with criss cross laces on both sides.
Dad gave us the once over. He didn't complain. He just said, "Don't you two look hot. What's the occasion?"
I jumped in. "We're having dinner with a very handsome man tonight and we need to show other women that we have the goods to keep him."
Dad laughed. "Well I'm pretty sure you will succeed. Let's go."
Jen jumped in the back of the car. I jumped in the front. The car was low and as I climbed in my dress rode up. An inch more you'd see pink panties. I moved a bit. They showed a bit. I noticed dad look. He was smiling. That made me happy.
Jen sat in the middle seat. In back. It was hard to keep her legs together. I don't know if dad noticed, but I could see she was wearing a white thong.
When we got to the restaurant the valet opened the car door. I spread my legs to climb out of the car. The valet got a great view. He tripped on the curb. Dad came over to help me out. He got a great view too, and knew the valet got one.
Dad held the door for Jen. Since she was in the middle seat there was almost no way to get out without flashing her panties. She smiled at me and just climbed out
As we got out dad said, "I'm lucky to be out with two of the most beautiful women in the world tonight.
We each took an arm and Squeezed it.
"Thank you daddy," said Jen.
As we walked in the restaurant, heads turned. It was fun. I'm sure they were wondering about the handsome older man with the 2 young girls. For our part we hung on his arms. Just before we sat down I took off my shrug. It revealed that I was showing skin from head to cleavage nothing to block the view.
We had a great dinner. We laughed and chatted. Dad would point out guys, or women, looking. Every once in a while, when he did, I would turn to look and flash them as I did.
He caught me and said, "Naughty girl."
"Sometimes," I replied with a smile.
"Your mom was naughty sometimes too," he said.
It was a wonderful dinner. After we headed home. I got ready to go change. I had a naughty idea. I turned my back to my dad, lifted up my hair, and said, "Can you help me with my zipper?"
What was he going to say? No?
He reached for it and pulled it 1/2 way down. I had my arm across the chest so the dress wouldn't fall off. It did slip down a little.
"No dad, all the way down."
The zipper ended at the curve of my ass. I was sure if he unzipped it all the way he would see my thong and part of my ass. I liked the thought.
He reached over and pulled it the rest of the way down.
Jen saw me, came over, and did the same thing. Her zipper went at least 2" down her ass. You could see 1/2 her ass and her thong.
Holding my dress barely decently across my chest. I turned, kissed him on the cheek, and I asked if he had fun tonight.
"More fun than I've had in a long time," he said. "Being out with two such beautiful women is amazing."
I said thank you and then turned to walk to my room.
As I did I heard him say, to no one in particular, "Your mother used to wear cute panties too."
I said, "Well we are mom's girls."
I wiggled my ass at him and headed for my room.
When I got to my room I had an evil thought. I could picture mom once, standing at the laundry. She was in just her panties. She had thrown the dress she was wearing in with the wash. She called dad. She said "just a little treat before dinner." She walked to their room, in panties her arm over her tits. When she reached the room shook her ass at him and went inside to change.
I said, "Hey dad."
He looked. I was standing in my doorway, holding my dress up. As he looked I let the dress go and covered my tits with my arms. I bent over, in just my thong, picked up the dress, wiggled my ass at him, and walked in my room.
I worked the next day. So did Jen. When I got home dad was already watching TV. He had probably just got home from his volunteer gig.
I asked what he was watching, he mumbled something. He was looking at his mail on his iPad. It looked like he'd been crying. I said I was going to change, and then come watch with him.
I went to my room to change. Usually I throw on a pair of boxers and a T shirt. I opened my drawer. I saw a sealed plastic package. I knew it was there. It had been there for years. I never had opened it. I just usually ignored it. Today I picked it up.
It was a sleep set I got as a gift from mom years ago. I opened it. It had a pair of shorts that sat low on my hips and about 1" of lace for legs. They were light pink. They were made of very soft stretchy material and clung to every curve of my ass. It had a matching tank top that came down to my navel.
I was completely covered. He'd seen me in bathing suits that covered much less, but this for some reason seemed naughtier.
I went to watch TV with dad. He looked at me and said I looked cute. I sat down next to him and cuddled up. He put his arm around my waist. He touched mostly skin as he softly stroked my back and sides. I would feel his fingers brush band of my shorts. Sometimes his hand would slide over my hip and play with the lace around the leg of the shorts.
I liked the feeling of his hand on my skin. I thought about what it would feel like to have it slip under my shirt, to cup my tits, maybe play with my nipples. I felt myself getting wet at the thought.
Jen came out of her room. She was not in her usual T and gym shorts. She was wearing a matching sleep set too. It was a light yellow. The shorts were cute! They rode way down on her hips. The shorts and the legs were very loose. I was sure, if she wasn't wearing panties, and sat at the right angle, you could see right up them. They were topped with a ribbed tight matching tank top.
We looked at each other, and at the same time said, "Didn't mom give you that?"
Dad looked up. "Mom had stuff like that. Remember, she used to wear it when you guys were around. She said it was decent but sexy enough to keep my imagination stirred.
I remembered. Mom always looked so sexy. She had a number of sleep sets that clung to her and showed her off.
"Oh," I said. "And what did she wear when we weren't around?"
"A lot less," he said.
We laughed.
Before Jen sat down she asked us if we wanted anything. We said no and she went to get herself an ice water. When she bent down she did it straight legged. Her shorts slipped up and showed a good deal of her ass. I still couldn't tell if she had panties on.
She sat on dad's other side. We both leaned against him. He had his arms around us. His hands landed pretty close to our asses. Jen and I reached across in front of him and held hands.
"Happy dad?" I said.
"More than I've been in a long time," he replied.
The next day I decided to go shopping. I'd had a weird dream. I was looking for something to wear, but couldn't find it. It made me think about shopping. Jen walked out of her room.
"What are you doing today?" she asked.
"I thought I'd go shopping today," I said
"Me too. " said Jen.
We decided to go together.
We went to go get coffee. We were still in our sleep sets. Our hair loose and tangled. Dad was sitting in the kitchen. He looked up. He stared for a moment.
"You girls remind me so much of your mom."
It was their anniversary weekend. We did not talk about mom a lot. We didn't not talk about her, but we'd done a lot of it after we'd lost her. Now it was mostly pleasant memories.
He asked what we had planned for the day. We told him we were going shopping.
He handed us a bunch of coupons.
They were mostly for women's clothing stores. A woman at work gave them to him. She had said she was too old for these stores and asked if we could use them. We took them.
As we left the kitchen dad watched us. "So much like your mother," he said to no one in particular.
Jen heard him and asked teasingly, "You think we've got moms ass? Mom had a great ass."
Dad was kind of taken aback. "As far as I can see, yes it is."
I have no idea what made Jen do what she did next. As we were walking away. She put her hands on her shorts, pushed them down, and stepped out of them. She kept walking and said, "Now can you tell?"
Dad just said," beautiful." As we walked out of the room.
When we were out of sight I looked at her. She shrugged and said, "What?"
I laughed, shook my head, and went to change.
I looked at my clothes. Normally I would have thrown on jeans and a T shirt. Somehow I thought of mom. Mom rarely wore jeans. When she did they were tight and sexy. Otherwise she was in a fairly short skirt or dress. Nothing indecent when we were around, but sexier than most moms.
I grabbed a short denim skirt and a cropped top that came about 2 inches above my navel. A little pair of boy short panties that were as close to a thong as you could get but still be called boy shorts and a matching bra.
I looked cute. Hot teen cute.
Jen came out in a short sundress. It had an overlapping skirt. When she walked you saw a lot of leg. Almost in unison we said, You look great."
Dad was in the living room. We went to say goodbye. We both kissed him. I noticed we both kissed him on the lips, not the cheek as we usually do.
"You two look great," he said. "Trying to break hearts?"
I don't know why. I pulled up my skirt and said, "Look, cute panties too."
Jen not to be outdone pulled her skirt apart. She was wearing a little pink thong. "Me too," she said.
We stood there like that. Dad said, "Well whoever gets to see those is one lucky boy."
I chimed in, "You're the only one. No one else is going to see these in a long time."
He laughed quietly, "More like your mother every day."
He sat there shaking his head.
We turned, and headed to the door. We both stopped and looked at each other. We flipped the back of our skirts up, wiggled our asses, and ran out the door giggling.
I drove. Jen looked through the coupons.
As she looked at one she said, "I've never been here before. Have you?"
I hadn't so we decided to go there first.
The clerk looked at us when I walked in. The first thing she said was, "Are you related to.." She said my moms name.
I said yes, that she was our mom. The woman had never known about the accident. She of course said how sorry she was. Then she gushed on about my mom. How sweet she was. She told us how mom was always talking about how wonderful we were and how great dad was. That kind of thing.
As she talked I looked at her. She was gorgeous. Dark hair to the middle of her back. About 5'3, 110 lbs.
Then in a quieter voice she said, "She was one of the sexiest women I ever met.
"Sexiest?" I asked.
"Oh my yes. She adored your dad. She came in at least once a month to find things to surprise him in. Sometimes to get some special dresses for when they went out. Most women would not wear that stuff outside the house. She strutted it. She could turn heads and he loved it when she did. She always told me how hot your dad was. She shared some of their exploits. They were one hot couple."
Then she said, "The way your mom talked about him, I wished I'd had a chance to meet him."
I said " Show me the kind of stuff she liked."
She started gathering dress. Lingerie, panties. "You guys are younger than her. You need stuff that's younger and flirtier than her. She could do sexy and sophisticated in way that would not look good on you."
Jen and I headed for the dressing room to try them on.
As we tried things on, she'd bring more to the dressing rooms. Eventually just leaving the doors open as we changed. The store was empty. It didn't matter.
As we tried on clothes she'd tell us what looked great and what didn't. She'd often touch us, our arms, the small of our naked backs, patting our asses. Always on bare skin. I liked it.
All the while she talked about herself. Her name was Cassie, short for Cassandra. She was 41. Her husband passed away when she was 35. They were together since she was 20. She loved him passionately. They never had children. He got sick when he was 30. A form of cancer. He fought it bravely but eventually it beat him. She had bought this shop with part of the life insurance money
As she talked, a couple walked in. They were about 30. The dressing room doors were still open. Jen and I were both in various states of undress.
The woman just looked at us and said, "Wow. Sexy."
Jen and I said thank you, shrugged, and continued to try on clothes. Often we were in our underwear, topless, or even nude. The woman would comment on outfits and tell us we had great tots, and sexy asses. She'd ask the man if he agreed. The man just watched and smiled.
Being watched by strangers like this was turning me on.
Jen was loving it. Whenever she was complimented, no matter how dressed or undressed she was, she'd do a slow turn and ask if they really liked it. She was showing off.
I was showing off a bit too.
We bought a bunch of stuff. As we paid for them she said, "your dad will love this stuff."
The stuff was sexy. The thought of wearing it in front of dad, and hearing his approval, excited me.
"Cassie said, "You guys look great. Make him take you out and show you off."
Before we left, she hugged and kissed us both and said, "Don't be strangers."
We left the shop, all the way home talking about how hot, and sweet Cassie was.
When We got home Dad was hanging out, looking at his iPad. He looked sad.
Dad asked what we got. I told him we stopped in a new store and told him the name. He acted surprised.
Again he spoke to no one in particular, "Your mom used to shop there."
"We know, the owner recognized us because we look like mom."
"Cool, did you buy anything cute?" he asked.
"Of course," I responded
"The owner said you have to take us out tonight to show off what we bought," Jen said.
"Like I'd miss a chance to be seen with my beautiful girls," he replied. "It's fun knowing everyone wishes they were me."
Jen said, "Wanna see what we got?"
Dad said yes.
Jen dumped the bag on the table. Without a thought she started undressing and trying on the new clothes. Taking her lead I did the same. We modeled everything we bought.
Dad kept complimenting us and saying things like, "Your mom would have loved that outfit.
Trying clothes on in front of dad was fun. We'd always tried on stuff in front of mom, but this felt a little naughty. I liked it.
When we were done, we asked dad what he thought.
Dad looked up. He blinked. "You're beautiful he said. You look a lot like your mom."
He had a wistful face on. I went up to him. Took his face in my hands and lightly kissed his lips.
"Dad, we all miss mom, but we're here and I'm wearing a very sexy dress I want your opinion on."
I laughed and turned for him. "Would you take me out for dinner in this?"
"Proudly," he said.
"Well, then get dressed. We want to be shown off."
Dad went to get dressed. We went to our rooms to get ready.
As we got to our room Jen put her lips close to mine and said, "You look so hot, I might attack you."
"Sounds like fun," I said.
Wait, was I flirting with my sister? I mean we'd done it jokingly before to tease guys, but there were no guys around right now. Except dad.
We got dressed.
I wore a dress that was a wrap dress. I wore it braless. It was short sleeves and crossed my chest right below my breasts. It tied at the waist and then split apart again about an inch below my pussy. A pair of heels and I looked both hot and innocent.
Jen wore an ankle length dress it has a skirt that was lined that came just below her ass and the rest was see through down to her ankles. When she turned the dress had no back. It just started and the top of her ass. If she was wearing panties, you couldn't tell.
We had a fantastic night of dinner, conversation, and showing off. The inner part of Jen's dress had slid up during the ride over. You could see 1/2 her ass through the material. She was wearing panties. We could tell because her pussy was covered. But as she walked through the restaurant to our table she got plenty of looks.
My dress showed a ton of leg as I walked. The split in front parted almost all the way to my pussy. It made me wet to see all the people watching us. When I sat down the front completely fell open. When anyone approached they could see my panties. The waiters came by the table often.
Dad just beamed with pride. It made us feel wonderful to see him so happy.
A man approached the table. He said hi to dad. Dad introduced him as a business associate. As he introduced us, the man commented on what beautiful daughters dad had.
Dad said, "They are amazing. I am a very lucky man."
When the guy left Dad laughed and said to us. "Did you see the look on his face when he saw your panties?"
That was the first time he'd mentioned us showing off. It was like a dam burst. He pointed out people looking at us. Suggested we flash them. He even told me to show the waiter my tits.
It was fun, exciting, and hot. I was soaking my panties
When we got home it was late.
Jen and I headed to bed.
Dad said goodnight. As he watched us walk away Jen and I slipped off our dresses, picked them up, said, "Good night dad."
I added, "We love you."
I threw on a T shirt and climbed into bed. Jen knocked on my door. She came in wearing a thong and tank top. She sat on my bed and started raving about what a fun day and night she had. About how hot it was. How it made her feel.
I moved over and made room for her. She climbed under the covers and turned to face me. She started reliving every moment. As she did I felt myself getting hotter and hotter. When she was done. She lay there and inch from my face. She was breathing heavy. She kissed me. This was not a sisterly kiss. This was an " I want to fuck you" kiss.
I loved it. I kissed back.
I felt her hands slide down to my ass. She pulled me close ass she kissed me. My arms went around her also. My hands slid down too. I reached her thong. My original intent was to grab her ass. Instead I slid her thong off. She lifted her hips to help.
Her hands slid up my body to my breasts pushing my T shirt up as they went. She caressed my tits. My nipples got hard. She moved her mouth to my nipple as her hand played with my other tit.
I slid my hand down her body to her pussy. She parted her legs for me.
My fingers reached her clit and she moaned. I'd never done this before, but I knew what I liked. It seemed like Jen liked the same thing. My fingers played with her, slid into her. I could feel how wet she was. I could feel her start to cum. I could feel her hot on my fingers. When she came she rolled over on her back.
"Oh my god. Don't stop. I'm cumming. Oh God."
She lay there for a moment. My fingers still in her pussy.
She rolled me over on my back.
She laughed. "You little slut. Making your sister cum. Now you're going to get it."
She slid down my body. Kneeling between my legs, she peeled my panties off me. I swear she smacked her lips.
As her tongue touched my clit, I came. She didn't stop. She ate me my pussy. I was sure she'd never done this before, but it was amazing. None of the inexperienced guys I'd been with were this good.
I couldn't control myself. "Oh my god. Eat my cunt. Suck it. Make me cum. Why did we never do this before. God I love it. Having my sister eat my cunt is so hot. I can't believe it."
I came. I came hard. Both of us breathing heavy, we held each other, kissed goodnight, and fell asleep.
Next day we both worked and got home around 7:00
Dad was sitting on the couch, he was looking at his iPad. We asked him how he was.
The first thing he said, "I'm kind of missing your mom."
It made sense. It was their anniversary weekend.
We hung out, snuggled him till he decided to go to bed.
I went to my room. I picked up my iPad to check my email. Mom's email was open. I didn't remember reading it last, but I did not think much of it. For some reason I read it again. I read the part about what mom promised him for his anniversary.
As I did, Jen came in my room holding her iPad. I saw she was opened to the email too.
"I was just rereading moms email," she said.
"Me too."
"We need to do something. This can't go on," she said
"I wish I knew what would mom do." I said.
Jen looked at her iPad, "If mom were here she'd probably fuck him."
I looked at mine. "It's their anniversary."
We looked at each other. We both knew the answer.
"We should change," I said.
I went through the stuff I bought. I had a black sheer nighty that tied under the breasts. It was see through. It came with see through panties. I put it on.
I knocked on Jen's door. She had on the same thing except white. We giggled.
She looked at me and said "Slut."
"Takes one to know one," I replied.
We held hands and walked to dad's room. We didn't knock. We just walked in.
He was looking at his iPad.
He tried to hide it when we came in.
"It's OK dad," I said. "We've read it."
He looked at us.
"Dad, it's your anniversary. Mom has been in everything we've done. The pajamas, the dresses, the flashing. That's not us. We never did that stuff before. How often do you read that email?"
Dad said he hadn't seen it in years. For some reason he did a search on something and it came up.
We climbed on the bed on either side of him. "Happy anniversary dad, from us, and mom," I said. Then I kissed him. Hard, on the lips.
Jen did the same. I reached across dad to Jen. I pulled her top off. She reached across and pulled mine off. We pulled dad so he was sitting up on the side of the bed. We stood in front of him.
"As mom would say, tonight we are your sluts. Your little fuck toys."
I pulled Jen to me and kissed her. She kissed back. We both realized how much we wanted this. Not just for us, but for dad.
Jen reached over and pulled my panties off over my hips. I did the same for her. We were both naked in front of dad. We pulled his shirt off him. We then kneeled in front of dad. He didn't stop us we undid his belt and slid his pants and boxers off.
His cock was hard. I took it in my hand. It felt right. I wrapped my fingers around it. The I put my hand around Jen's head. I pulled her to his cock. She opened her mouth and took it. Dad let out a moan. He moaned mom's name.
As she sucked him I knelt beside up him. I took his hand and brought it to my breasts.
I kissed him and said, "We love you. With all our hearts, we will be your lovers, your fucktoys, your sluts. You can have our mouths our pussies, our asses. We want your cum. Today. We both want it."
Jen kept sucking his cock. She stopped. "Daddy, do you want to fill my mouth with cum. Give it to me. I'll share it with Jess."
We pushed dad down on the bed. I kissed him. I straddled his lap.
"Dad, are you ready? Ready to fuck me? Ready to make me yours?"
I slid my pussy onto his cock. The tip against the opening. I didn't realize how big he was. I felt like I was stretching. I was wet. The head slid inside me. I slid the whole thing in my pussy. When I had it all in. I moaned. Jen was next to me. I started kissing her. My hands went to her pussy. She was wet. I loved the way she felt.
"Dad, feel my pussy? Feel how wet you made me? Jen's pussy is wet too. Feel it."
Dad tentatively reached out. Jen straddled his fingers.
"Mmmmmmm," she moaned. "God that feels good."
"Don't be gentle dad. Think about it. What kind of girl fucks her father and sister"
He thought, quietly he said, "A slut."
"Tell me again. Your cock is buried in my cunt. What kind of girl am I?"
Jen whispered in his ear, "Your slut."
That was it something broke in dad. He threw me on my back and started fucking me. Hard. Just the sure forcefulness of it made me cum.
"Oh Jen, Daddy just made me cum," I purred.
Jen straddled my face. "You got to cum. It's my turn. Eat my cunt."
As she straddled my face my tongue tentatively licked her clit. She moaned. I got braver. I started eating her pussy for all I was worth.
As I did she held on to dad. "Daddy, she's eating my cunt. It feels so good. Fuck the little slut. Make her cum. I want to feel her mouth as she cums."
Dad started pounding me. Oh my god it felt so good. Jen started moaning.
"Jess, I'm coming. I'm going to cum all over your slutty little face. Lick me. Make me cum".
I sucked on her clit. I stuck my tongue I. Her cunt. I licked her from clit to ass. She was delicious.
She came. "Suck me Jess. I'm cumming. I'm cumming".
She fell into dads arms. As she did I came again all over dad's cock. I rolled over pushing dad and Jen off me.
I pushed Jen on her back. I straddled her face and said, "Eat me you slut." She started sucking my pussy.
I grabbed her legs pulled them open.
"Here you are dad. Just like mom promised. I will hold her legs spread while you fuck her. Fuck your slutty little daughter."
Dad sunk his cock in Jen, as he hit bottom she came. I could feel her shiver and cum.
"That's it dad. Fuck her. Give her your cum. Fuck give me your cum. Cum on both of us. You're going truck is till every hole is filled with cum.
At that, dad came. He tried to pull out, he got some in Jen. The rest landed on Jen's belly and tits. I rolled off Jen's belly and started eating the cum off her skin. When I had it all, I kissed her with my cum covered lips. She licked all the cum she could off my face.
Dad fucked us each 2 more times that day. After a nap he fucked my ass.
Jen and I fell asleep in his arms.
We had 3 weeks left before we left for school. We fucked dad every day. Sometimes he'd come home and find one or both of us bent over the couch, jeans around thighs, waiting for him. Other days we'd just start sucking his cock whenever we wanted. Sometimes it was one of us, sometimes both. We gave him the dirtiest sex we could think of. We were his sluts. His fuck toys.
We were all happy.
As school got closer I worried about leaving. I was starting to look through my clothes to see what I was taking with me. There was a dress I'd got at Cassie's. I didn't remember buying it and it wasn't my size. I had to return it. I tried to think of when I'd have time.
Then I realized that dad went by her shop everyday on his way home. I asked him if he'd return the dress. He said of course.
That night, when we got home dad was sitting on the couch. It was late. He looked worried. We sat next to him and asked what was wrong.
He told us he'd gone to return the dress. Cassie recognized the dress and knew who he was right away. They talked for a while. It was closing time. Cassie asked him if he wanted a cup of coffee. Turns out her place was right over the shop.
One thing led to another and they ended up having sex. He asked if it was OK with us if he saw her again.
He looked at us waiting for our reaction. We both squealed with delight and hugged him. We told him we were thrilled.
That night Jen and I let him sleep alone. Jen climbed into my bed. We kissed passionately, made love, and fell asleep
That night I had a dream. Mom, Jen, and I were walking up a hill holding hands. When we got to the top of the hill, we could see mom had cum dripping down her face. She scooped it on her fingers, rubbed it on my lips, then kissed me. Then she turned to Jen and did the same thing. After she kissed us, Mom continued up the hill. We turned to go with her. She pointed the other way. We turned and Dad was there.
I woke up. Jen sat up at the same time.
"I just had the weirdest dream," Jen said.
"I know," I responded.
We both knew.
Jen slipped her fingers into my pussy.