Sunlight flooded the bedroom as I opened my eyes. I wasn't sure what time it was or how long I was asleep. I was naked, my body laid sideways across the bed as I slowly gathered my senses. I yawned and stretched while my mind played out the events from the previous night and early morning.
I sat up and looked around the bedroom. The house was quiet as I stood up and made my way into the bathroom. My asshole was tender from the fun I had engaged in the night before. I laughed out loud as I replayed the events in my mind. Getting fucked in the ass for the first time was bittersweet.
I relieved my bladder and reached into the shower and turned on the water. I waited for it to get hot. Before stepping in, I opened the medicine cabinet and found some Advil. My body, especially my jaw, ached from what had happened.
The hot water felt good against my skin. I rubbed my legs and arms as the water spilled over me. There were a few noticeable scrapes and scratches on my skin from the previous nights' activity but nothing too crazy. Nothing Ibuprofen and rest couldn't heal.
My ass was definitely sensitive as the hot water and soap washed over it. I gently reached around with my hand and touched my ass. It was tender from the mammoth cock that impaled me the night before.
The pain and pleasure I felt while teasing my freshly violated asshole was arousing. Two fingers plunging in and out of me soon became four. I leaned against the wall inside the shower with my legs spread wide. I pulled my cheeks apart in order to tease as much of my asshole as possible.
I closed my eyes and drifted back to my outdoor excursion from the previous night. I had tried things and allowed others to touch me in ways that I had never done before. I was exploring my sexuality and putting myself in situations that I would have never imagined prior to moving to Arizona.
The hot shower and my hands teasing my hard cock and tender asshole felt amazing. I couldn't stop pleasuring my body. I was insatiable. I stroked my hard cock and sat on the edge of the bathtub. I was in heaven. I was alone with nothing but time to enjoy pleasuring my body in any way that I wanted...anywhere I wanted.
I climaxed quickly, shooting globs of cum against the tile shower wall. After a few minutes, I finished washing and shaved my body, being careful not to cut myself! Freshly shorn and squeaky clean, I exited the shower and dried off with a towel. I was nearly ready for the day ahead.
I planned on staying true to my goal of being naked the entire time my parents were away. It was day two and so far, I was still nude. The weather had remained above average for December which was nice. I brushed my teeth and rubbed on some sunblock before deciding to grab a bite to eat.
I walked downstairs to the kitchen to grab a bite. I checked out the refrigerator and various cupboards to see what interested me. The blinds in front of the French doors were open, allowing the sunlight to brighten the kitchen. I briefly gazed outside at the backyard.
I made a sandwich, grabbed some chips and a soda, and walked out onto the backyard patio. A light breeze blew against my naked body as I sat down at the small glass table to eat. It was quiet outside. The battery-operated clock hanging on the wall near me displayed the time. It was 12:35 pm.
I looked over at the two-story house that was built next door. I could see the upstairs windows that faced my backyard. I was in full view of anyone who might be home. I had seen my neighbor, a female a few years older than me, watching me once before while I masturbated in the backyard.
I didn't know if there was anyone home? The thought or idea that someone, anyone might see me naked aroused me thoroughly. I welcomed the opportunity for another to watch me. Maybe they were naked too? Maybe watching me in the nude turned them on? That accidental opportunity to get caught completely naked out in the open fueled my kinky desires!
I finished eating and walked back inside to toss out my trash. Since the weather was so nice, I thought about hanging out in the backyard. I remembered the tent my parents gave me for Christmas. This was a perfect time to set it up.
I walked into the garage and grabbed my new tent. I headed back outside to set it up. I unzipped the bag the tent was in and placed all of the parts in a pile on the grass. It didn't take long before the tent was set up and ready for use.
I crawled inside to test it out. The two-man dome tent was plenty large enough for one person. The scent of the new material filled my nostrils as I crawled around the interior space. It was much warmer inside the tent. Sunshine filtered through the tan-colored material making the inside glow.
I wasn't able to stand inside the tent without my head and shoulders hitting the roof. Squatting or crawling around on my hands and knees was much easier. I rolled onto my backside and stared upwards. My naked body nearly stretched across the entire floor of the tent. There was plenty of room for a backpack and supplies (not that I needed much if I decided to camp in the backyard).
Satisfied and excited about camping in my new tent, I climbed out and stood in the warm grass. Something caught my eye next door. I once again looked up at the windows to see if someone was there. I didn't see anyone even though I sensed I was being watched.
I turned around and proceeded to walk back into the house. I was visibly aroused at the idea of camping outdoors in the nude. My cock was rock hard in anticipation of how much fun it would be and what wild adventures I could have with the tent. I thought about the open field between my house and the high school. Or by the canal even further way.
My hand grabbed my hard shaft and began to stroke it up and down while I walked upstairs and into my bedroom. I stood facing the wide-open window that overlooked the cul-de-sac and eagerly stroked my hard on. The view outside the window was completely still. I squeezed my cock tightly with both hands while I peered outside.
There was nobody walking around the neighborhood as far as I could see. The open desert between my house and the high school was just as empty. Sure, there were a few cars driving in the distance but they were too far away to notice me. Why wait until it was dark to go camping? There was nobody else outside as far as I could see. Now seemed like the perfect time to begin a camping adventure.
As I let go of my cock, I saw something at the house across from me on the other side of the cul-de-sac. There appeared to be somebody standing in one of the upstairs windows. As I continued to look, I saw the blinds close. Could they see me? Were they watching me jerk off? I had never seen anyone in that house before. I wasn't sure what they saw but one thing was certain - I was standing naked in front of the window with a raging hard on.
I stepped away from the window and sat on my bed. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea? Going outside during the day in the nude was really pushing it. But that's what excited me! My mind struggled with the pros and cons of being outdoors completely naked in daylight.
Opting for safe rather than sorry, I walked downstairs and plopped onto the couch in the living room. I turned on the TV and flipped through the channels to see what was on. I couldn't focus on anything. My kinky thoughts kept reminding me how fun it was to be outside wearing nothing but a smile.
I stared out the windows on the opposite wall from where I sat on the couch. I could see the house on the other side of the cul-de-sac. As I was watching, a jeep pulled into the driveway and parked. I watched as someone stepped out of it and began to walk up to the front door.
I thought I recognized the young female. It looked like my neighbor Kimberly that lived in the two-story house behind me. Kimberly had seen me naked in my backyard as I masturbated. She watched me through a window, probably her bedroom window. I saw her as well. She was topless and had large tits. We both looked at one another but had never formally met.
Kimberly glanced over her shoulder in my direction as she knocked on the door and waited. The door opened wide enough for me to see a second female. Kimberly walked past her into the house. The female stranger stood in the doorway and seemed to look directly at me. I sat perfectly still on the couch trying to figure out what they were doing.
Was I being paranoid? Was I just nervous about being naked all day, every day, while my parents were away? I wasn't even sure if any of my neighbors knew I was home at all. I tried to calm my thoughts and watch TV while I waited for it to get dark.
About a half hour passed while I laid on the couch. I could smell the sunblock that I had rubbed all over my body earlier. The scent of coconut reminded me of summer. Here it was near the end of December and I was wearing sunblock. That was all I was wearing I thought to myself as I laughed out loud. I was a long way from the Midwest.
I turned my head to see two people leaving the house across the cul-de-sac. It was Kimberly and her friend, the female stranger who I gathered must live there. They both got into Kimberly's jeep and drove off. I focused my eyes back towards the TV at some ridiculous daytime talk show.
It wasn't more than a few minutes later when I heard a noise that got my attention. It was the sound of somebody unlocking the front door! I jumped off the couch and ran upstairs. Had my parents come home early? Who else had a key to the house? Was I being robbed? My mind was racing as I ran up the stairs to grab something to wear.
I ran into my bedroom and opened the closet door. To my amazement, there was nothing there! All of the hangers were empty. The shelves were bare. I ran over to my chest of drawers. It was more of the same. Every drawer was empty! What the fuck was going on? Where were all my clothes?
"Hello?" A female voice shouted. "Wes, are you busy?"
Who the hell was in my house and how did they know my name? Where the fuck were all my clothes? I stood frozen in the middle of my bedroom trying to make sense of what was happening. I could hear two people talking downstairs. They weren't trying to be quiet whatsoever. In fact, it was as if they wanted me to know they were looking for me. Their voices were getting louder.
I went into the bathroom and grabbed a towel. I wrapped it around my waist before heading back into my bedroom. As I was walking across the floor, I saw two people walk through my bedroom door. It was Kimberly and her friend from across the street.
I stopped in my tracks and stared at both of the young ladies. They walked into my room and stood in front of me. They were both grinning as they looked back at me. Before I could think of anything to say, Kimberly spoke up.
"Hi Wes. My name's Kimberly. I'm your neighbor next door. This is Angela. She lives in the house across the cul-de-sac." Kimberly said with a big smile across her face.
I stared back at Kimberly and Angela. I didn't really know what to say? I was confused about why they were inside my house.
"Well, aren't you going to at least say hello?" Angela asked with a sarcastic grin.
"Ummm yes." I replied. "Hi, and what are you doing with a key to my house?"
"Oh, well your parents weren't sure if you would need anything while they were away. They gave my mom a spare key to the house in case she needed to come over and check on you." Angela explained. "Kimberly and I thought we would come over and say hello since we saw that you were home."
Angela winked at me as she finished talking. I let my guard down and began to relax. I stepped forward and held my hand out to properly introduce myself. I shook Angela's hand and the Kimberly's.
My two neighbors grinned at one another as they proceeded to sit on the edge of my bed and look at me.
"Don't mind us." Angela giggled. "Were you looking for something to wear?"
"I was, except all of my clothes seem to be missing." I replied as I opened the closet doors, revealing nothing but a few empty hangers. "You wouldn't know anything about this would you?"
"Oh my gosh!" Kimberly blurted out in laughter. "Have you been robbed? Did somebody steal all of your clothes?"
"It looks like that, doesn't it?" I said sarcastically.
"What are you going to do Wes?" Angela asked. "Should we call the police and report a robbery? Maybe I should tell them about a naked guy I saw exposing and playing with himself through his window?
I watched as Angela pointed at my bedroom window and then at me. It was the same window where I stood naked earlier, playing with my hard cock before noticing someone looking back at me.
I stood in the middle of my bedroom with a towel wrapped around my waist. The two female neighbors sat on my bed across from me and watched me. I didn't know what to say. I wasn't sure what their intentions were.
"Angela and I were talking and agreed that you seem to enjoy being naked. We decided to help you stay that way while your parents were gone." Kimberly calmly stated.
"That's right." Angela added. "We thought it would be a good way for us to get to know you and for you to know both of us. You probably don't have that many friends yet, you know, being new to Arizona and all."
I didn't say anything right away. I stared at Kimberly and Angela while my mind processed what they had just said. I wasn't sure if they were being sincere or joking with me. I now knew without a doubt that both Kimberly and Angela had seen me naked.
"Really?" I stated a bit surprised. "And how did you remove all of my clothes without me knowing?"
"Well, that was rather easy actually." Angela said as she glanced at Kimberly. "We stopped by last night after you drove off."
I must have been so exhausted from what happened the previous night that I didn't notice my clothes were missing when I got home. I guess remaining naked would be easier than I had planned, especially now that I didn't have any clothes to wear.
"I saw you leave wearing just a t-shirt as you drove off in a car. I figured you were off on another one of your naked adventures. You appeared...excited...from what I could see!" Angela said as she eyed my midsection.
"Yes, kind of like you are now!" Kimberly added, also eyeing my crotch.
I looked down at my midsection. Even with the towel covering the lower half of my body, it was obvious that I was aroused. My hard cock was pressing against the thin cotton towel.
Obviously, Angela and Kimberly had not only seen me naked but they had witnessed my activities as well. I wondered just how often Angela or Kimberly had seen me as I explored outdoors or around the house in the nude? I guess my suspicions were correct when I thought I had noticed someone watching me. Little did I know it was the two attractive young ladies now sitting before me.
Had they told their friends about me? Maybe Kimberly and Angela also enjoyed being naked outdoors or in the open? Did seeing me jerk off or suck my own cock get them excited? I had so many questions running through my brain. So many possibilities and opportunities!
Being called out by Angela and Kimberly about my naked indoor and outdoor adventures was oddly exciting. My hard cock was evidence of this. There was no way to hide my obvious arousal. Kimberly and Angela saw it even before I noticed it myself. They were staring directly at me...at my partially covered aroused, naked body. Their eyes were glued at the towel that strained to hide my erect manhood.
I gripped the towel with one hand while I stood before my neighbors. I could easily let it go, release my grip as if accidentally, and let the towel fall to the floor. This would expose my naked, aroused body to the curious young vixens. They could see just how aroused I was first hand, my exposed and freshly shaved body only inches in front of them. This thought excited me immensely.
"Yes, you are correct. I do like being naked a lot of the time." I admitted. "Since moving to Arizona, with this amazing weather and all, I guess I have been experimenting in the nude more and more."
I looked back at Kimberly and Angela after admitting to my not-so-secret exhibitionism. Hopefully they wouldn't rat me out to my parents. I had never admitted this to anyone before.
Kimberly was the first to speak. "We aren't here to try and stop you Wes."
"Not at all!" Angela added quite enthusiastically. "No, we wanted to come by and see if you would be willing to let us help you."
Help me? I pondered in my mind what that could mean. How could they help me?
"We can keep this between us three." Kimberly said reassuringly. "We want you to feel comfortable with us and thought maybe you could use a friend."
I was silent. Was I hearing what I thought? Were Kimberly and Angela here in my house trying to help me enjoy being naked?
"It's OK Wes." Kimberly said as she stood up and walked towards me. "You don't need to be shy with us."
Kimberly gently touched my hand, the hand that held the towel securely around my waist, and pulled it aside. The towel dropped to the floor in a pile around my feet. I stood completely naked in front of Kimberly and Angela.
I looked at my erection and then back at my neighbors. I couldn't believe what I was doing...what they were doing. I was standing in front of my neighbors, naked and visibly aroused, who I had just recently met.
"See, isn't that better?" Angela asked as she stood next to Kimberly.
It was better. I was enjoying being naked in front of Kimberly and Angela. It was a huge turn on not wearing any clothing in front of the two attractive females. They seemed very accepting of my nude fetish. I stood before them excited about our possible new friendship and understanding.
"So, what did you have planned for today, other than being naked?" Kimberly asked.
I wasn't sure how honest I should be? Did Kimberly and Angela really want to know that my intentions were to play with myself in the house until it got dark. Then I would grab my tent and set it up in the empty field on the other side of the brick wall. I planned on exploring the grounds of the high school under the cover of darkness while I masturbated and pleasured myself all night long. Then go to sleep in my new tent.
"Not much really." I replied. "Just sit around here until it got dark and then maybe go outside."
"Do you mind if we hang out with you?" Angela asked. "You wouldn't have to restrain yourself. Just do what you feel like doing. We'll just watch."
Yeah, sure. That's fine with me." I answered. "Umm, are you hungry? I'm sure I could find some snacks in the kitchen."
Kimberly and Angela nodded in agreement. I turned sideways and pointed towards the stairs. "Ladies first."
They proceeded to walk out of my bedroom and down the stairs to the kitchen. I followed behind them and took the opportunity to look at them a little closer.
Kimberly was tall. Almost as tall as myself. She had dark brown hair that was tied into a ponytail. Her eyes were a deep green and they accented her light skin. She wore a tank top and jean shorts. Wearing no bra, I could see her nipples pressing against the thin material of her shirt. Her firm breasts were big and perky.
Angela was a lot shorter than Kimberly. She had blond hair that was cut into a bobb. It was above her shoulders and rested at her jaw line. She had a dark purple streak on one side. She had light blue eyes and full lips along with a small round face. Angela wore a simple white sundress and sandals. Her fingernails and toenails were painted to match.
We gathered in the kitchen and hung out around the breakfast bar. I grabbed some chips and nuts and set them on the counter top. I offered some drinks to my guests and they accepted. Kimberly and Angela each sat on a bar stool while I leaned against the breakfast bar opposite them.
"How long are your parents away?" Angela asked.
"They should be back in a few days." I replied.
"Are your parent's nudists as well?" Kimberly asked.
"No, not that I'm aware." I answered. "I just like being naked and the thrill it gives me. My parents aren't aware of my nude fetish and I'd like to keep it that way."
"Sure, we understand." Kimberly added. "There are a few things I like to keep from my parents as well."
"You are both welcome to join me, if you felt comfortable I mean, being naked." I said inconspicuously. "I wouldn't try anything."
"Oh, thanks Wes." Angela said. "I like to tan by the pool naked sometimes but I've only done that when I'm alone."
"Yeah, thanks." Kimberly replied. "I'm good right now but maybe some other time. I kinda just like watching you."
"Yeah, me too!" Angela added.
Kimberly chuckled under her breath after saying that. Angela smiled and continued eating the snacks. I could feel a jolt of excitement from what they said.
"So, have you been going outside naked in public for a while?" Kimberly asked.
"Well, no actually." I admitted. "I used to just get naked in my room at night. That led to me being naked at home whenever I was alone. And then I guess I just wandered outdoors one day and really liked the feeling."
"When did you first go outside and touch yourself?" Angela asked.
"I started doing that back home in Illinois. It began late at night during the summer months and gradually, as I got more comfortable and daring, I'd sneak out during the day." I replied honestly. "Back in Illinois we had a lot more trees and bushes, wooded forests and what not. We didn't have block fences like here."
Saying that out loud to Angela made me realize that maybe I was more adventurous in Arizona because of all the walls? The yards were blocked into little six-foot-tall squares. I did feel quite comfortable in the backyard due to the block wall.
Being outdoors partially or fully nude was just exciting for me. I wasn't necessarily doing it to be seen but that too was an arousing side effect. I fed off the thrill of wearing no clothes in open, public places. That alone was exciting. Touching myself and masturbating to a climax in public was relatively new for me.
Talking about my fetish with Kimberly and Angela was exciting as well. I was rock hard as I leaned against the breakfast bar. I wanted to pleasure myself there in the kitchen but I had company. I was the only one not wearing any clothes so it would be easy to just grip my hand around my hard cock and start jerking off.
Angela said to just do what I felt like, right? That she and Kimberly wanted to hang out and just watch. Maybe that's what they wanted to see me do, up close and personal? After all, they did hide all of my clothes so that I had no other option but to be naked.
"Man, talking about all of this with you two is kind of arousing." I admitted, not sure if they cared or not.
"Well we don't want you to feel like you can't be yourself Wes." Kimberly replied. "Are you turned on right now?"
"A little." I lied as I stepped from behind the counter and stood in front of them both. I was turned on a lot!
Angela and Kimberly sat at the breakfast bar and stared at me. They stared at my naked aroused body.
"What would you do if we weren't here right now?" Angela asked quietly. "If you were here alone feeling the same way."
"I guess I'd stroke myself, like this, while I walked around the backyard or stood in front of my bedroom window."
I was stroking my hard cock right there in front of Kimberly and Angela. They weren't more than a foot away from me. I could reach my hand out and touch them if I wanted. They were watching me masturbate. I was truly standing right in front of both of my neighbors jerking off. They eagerly watched me as I selfishly pleasured myself.
"Show us Wes." One of them said. I wasn't sure who.
Yes, that would be the right thing to do. The polite way to be a good host. After all, they were neighbors and guests in my home. They asked to watch me play with myself in the nude. I would willingly do so. I wanted to do that.
I opened the French door and stepped onto the patio in the backyard. I walked out into the yard while I jerked off. Kimberly and Angela followed me outside. The sun warmed my naked body as I tugged on my aching cock. I looked up at the second story windows that surrounded me. The window where Kimberly had noticed me for the first time.
"You are looking at my window aren't you Wes?" Kimberly asked seductively. "Are you hoping I am up there watching you masturbate? Watching you play with your hard cock in the daylight, Wes? Are you exposing yourself to me?"
The sound of Kimberly's voice startled me at first. Still, I continued touching myself out in the open fantasizing that Kimberly or someone was secretly watching me. Maybe Kimberly was naked as well, touching her nude body while looking at me through her window.
I turned around to face Kimberly and Angela. I stroked my cock looking at both of them. They stared back at me, watching my hands grope and tug on my erection.
Kimberly took a few steps toward me until she was directly in front of me. She reached her hand out and grabbed my hard cock. I instinctively relinquished control to her and let my hands drop to either side of my body. I felt her soft hand begin to massage my erection.
"What else would you do, if you were home alone?" Kimberly whispered as she gently stroked my cock with her hand.
"I'd look out over the cul-de-sac at Angela's house." I admitted without thinking.
"From your bedroom window?" She asked.
"Yes."
Slowly, Kimberly began to walk towards the house still gripping my hard cock. I followed her lead, allowing her to stroke my cock with her hand as we walked into the house and up the stairs to my bedroom. Angela followed behind.
Kimberly walked me in front of the window in my bedroom that opened out to the cul-de-sac. The blinds were already open. Once in front of the window, Kimberly stepped aside and sat on my bed.
"Show us what you'd do now!"
I didn't hesitate for a moment. I grabbed my raging hard on and started to jerk off as I looked at Angela's house and the traffic along the road past it.
As soon as I began jerking off, I felt a hand reach around me from behind. I looked down to see Angela's small hand with her manicured nails grab my erection and squeeze. I dropped my arms to my sides and stared out the window.
Angela stood behind me, pressing her body against mine. Her arms reached around me while she stroked my hard cock, touching my entire length.
"Are you looking at my house Wes?" Angela teased. "Can you imagine me standing just inside the upstairs window staring back at you...watching you play with yourself?"
"Yes!" I moaned. "I can see you looking back at me."
"I'm watching you stroke your big, hard cock!" Angela said while her hands tugged on my erection, edging me closer to climax. "I'm naked too Wes...and I'm fingering my wet pussy while I watch you!"
I stood there in front of the window while Angela jerked me off. I closed my eyes, picturing Angela standing naked in her bedroom while she watched me from across the cul-de-sac and played with herself too.
"Kimberly and I watch you play with yourself all the time Wes. Ever since you moved in. Ever since that first night when you crawled out on the roof and ejaculated onto the driveway!" Angela said seductively.
Hearing Angela and knowing that she and Kimberly had watched me when I was outside at night pleasuring myself excited me. It was a massive turn on knowing they not only saw me but seemed to enjoy it as well. I know I enjoyed doing it!
I opened my eyes and turned my head to the side. I could see Kimberly sitting on the edge of my bed facing me. She was watching Angela jerk me off. Her face was flush as her eyes stared directly at my erection. Her denim shorts were unbuttoned and one of her hands was in her lap, fingering herself. Her erect nipples pressed against the fabric of her t-shirt.
Angela stood behind me. I could feel the warmth of her body pressing against mine. I reached my hand behind me. I touched Angela's hip. I felt her bare skin. Was she naked? I glanced down onto the floor and saw her white dress in a pile at her feet.
Angela continued to jerk me off while she stood behind me completely naked. I reached my arms behind me to feel Angela's body. I rubbed my hands along her toned ass and the small of her back. She wiggled her hips back and forth as I squeezed her ass cheeks.
"So, the two of you are like nosy neighbors!" I joked.
"We wouldn't be watching you if there wasn't something to keep us excited." Kimberly replied. She watched Angela stroke my hard cock while she continued to finger-fuck herself.
Watching Kimberly play with herself and Angela's hands jerking me off were having the intended effect on me. I knew I was going to explode sooner rather than later.
"Damn Angela! You keep that up and I'm going to cum all over this window." I warned.
Angela laughed but didn't stop her two-handed assault on my erection. If anything, she squeezed and stroked me harder and faster.
Suddenly, and in one swift motion, Angela pulled my cock to the right. My body instinctively followed and I stood facing Kimberly. She had taken her shirt off. Her big, round tits were on full display. Kimberly's nipples were hard and pointed out from her exposed tits.
Angela continued to stroke my hard cock as I stared at Kimberly's half naked body. She was fingering herself and staring back at me and Angela. I couldn't hold back any longer.
"Kimberly!" was all I could say before strings of cum began to explode from my cock. Angela stood next to me and aimed my manhood directly at Kimberly's bare chest. Cum arched through the air and landed on Kimberly's exposed tits, stomach, and legs. I must have climaxed a huge load because Kimberly was covered in cum within a few seconds.
Angela squeezed the last of my seed from my erection and removed her hands. We stood side by side in the nude looking at Kimberly. She had a surprised look on her face.
"Damn Angela!" Kimberly shouted. "You couldn't have aimed somewhere else?"
Angela was smiling from ear to ear and laughing. "Are you kidding me? With a target like that!" She replied.
"I'm so sorry Kimberly." I tried saying. "I couldn't help it."
Kimberly stood up and walked towards the bathroom. As she passed Angela's dress on the floor, she picked it up and used it wipe herself off. The front of her denim shorts was visibly wet.
Angela leaned towards Kimberly to grab her dress.
"Hey, don't use that!" Angela demanded, as she tried to grab it away from Kimberly.
Kimberly's height and size easily kept Angela from getting her dress back. Once she was finished using it as a towel, Kimberly continued teasing Angela. I stood and watched as the two of them wrestled with Angela's dress.
Kimberly threw Angela onto the bed and ran out of the room. Angela jumped up and chased after Kimberly. I followed both of them downstairs. As I entered the kitchen, I saw Kimberly running through the backdoor into the yard. Angela was right behind her.
With one hand, Kimberly held the summer dress above her head so that Angela couldn't grab it. Her other hand gripped her denim shorts that were still undone. Angela, completely naked, tried her best to take back her dress. I enjoyed watching the two of them in my backyard.
Kimberly walked to the brick wall and threw Angela's dress over it. The look on Angela's face was priceless! She stood next to the brick wall in the light of day completely nude. Her only article of clothing now out of reach.
"Kimberly!" Angela yelled. "What the hell!"
Kimberly was laughing knowing that Angela didn't have anything else with her to wear. Angela turned towards her friend and jokingly slapped her arm. Kimberly flinched, turned sideways and accidentally let go of her own shorts and panties. They instantly fell to her feet and tripped her up.
Angela saw this and took advantage of the situation. She playfully pushed Kimberly causing her to fall down onto the ground. Angela quickly knelt down and pulled Kimberly's panties and denim shorts from around her feet.
The look on Kimberly's face said it all. She was now just as naked and exposed as Angela. Kimberly stood up and reached for her clothes. Angela had other plans and simply tossed them over the brick wall just as Kimberly had done with her clothing.
I watched from the patio as both Kimberly and Angela were now just as naked as myself, with no clothes in sight to cover their nudity.
"Looks like I'm not the only one naked!" I teased as I happily stared at both of my neighbors. How did I get this lucky? How am I naked with two of my neighbors? I couldn't believe what was happening as I gawked at the naked, attractive young ladies in my backyard.
Kimberly and Angela walked inside and, once again, sat at the breakfast bar in the kitchen. However, this time we were all naked. Seeing both of them completely nude was quite arousing. Angela noticed my excitement.
"Damn Wes!" She noted. "Is that thing always hard?"
I couldn't help it. I was a horny teenager. And besides, there were two naked females sitting right in front of me.
"What do you expect?" I replied as I sat at the breakfast bar next to them. "It's kinda difficult with you two around...naked and all!"
I lightly stroked my erection in my hand as I casually sat next to my neighbors, still unable to fully believe what was happening. Not only were the three of us completely naked but I was touching myself right in front of them and they didn't mind.
"You have a point." Kimberly agreed as she watched me touch myself.
I continued to tease my erection while carrying on a conversation with my two naked neighbors. The two of them seemed perfectly comfortable being naked. If either of them were nervous, they didn't show it. I enjoyed seeing them without any clothes while we hung out together. I had never before met anyone else like Kimberly or Angela.
"Hey, why is there a tent in your backyard?" Kimberly asked out of the blue.
"That was a Christmas present from my parents." I replied. "I was thinking about camping in the empty field next to the high school."
"When were you going to do that?" Angela asked.
"Probably tonight or at least while my parents were away." I replied.
"In the nude?" Kimberly asked. "I mean, that field doesn't allow anywhere to hide, especially if you are naked."
"Yeah, I thought about that but from what I can tell nobody ever seems to be nearby." I explained. "And the few cars driving by on the road there are too far away to notice anything out of the ordinary."
"Have you tried it already?" Angela asked. "Have you ventured over the wall naked, in the daylight?"
I could tell that Angela and Kimberly were interested in my idea of naked camping. I had never spoken to anyone else about my naked outdoor adventures. Opening up to them, and seeing their interest and approval, made me want to do it even more.
"Not yet. I've only jumped over the wall one other time and that was at night." I explained.
"Do you mind if I get something to drink?" Kimberly asked as she stood up.
"Not at all." I replied. "Help yourself. Cups are next to the fridge."
Kimberly walked past me and proceeded to open the door to the fridge. Without looking back at Angela or myself, Kimberly asked if we wanted something to drink as well. Angela said yes as did I.
"Let's go sit on the couch where it's more comfortable." Angela said as she looked at me.
I agreed and proceeded to follow Angela into the living room. Her short but thick naked body was a sight to behold. Her plump ass jiggled in all the right ways as I walked behind her and stared.
"I'll bring the drinks in there in a moment." Kimberly said as we left the kitchen.
Angela flopped onto the end of the couch and prompted me to do the same next to her. I did without hesitation. Angela looked out through the large window as we waited for Kimberly.
"You can clearly see the rest of the cul-de-sac and my house from here, huh?" Angela asked as she looked at me. She kicked her legs up and set them across my lap. Her small feet, with her manicured toe nails, sat on either side of my erection. Gently, she began to lightly rub her feet along my hard cock.
"Yeah, you sure can." I replied, my eyes transfixed on Angela's sexy feet and what she was doing. "I often sit here on the couch in the nude and stare out the window." I continued. "I touch myself while I watch the mail lady, and you, and whoever else happens to be in view."
Angela giggled out loud when she heard that.
"So, if your home all alone and I look over towards your house - at this very window - chances are good that you are sitting here naked, touching your hard cock, and watching me?" Angela asked.
"I'd say so." I admitted, thoroughly enjoying how Angela's toes were teasing me.
Kimberly's tall, athletic, and oh so naked body entered the living room. In her hands were three cups.
"Here Wes. This one is yours." She said as she knelt in front of me so that I could grab it from her.
She then handed a cup to Angela and proceeded to sit on the other side of me on the couch. We sat in the living room together without a stitch of clothing amongst us. I took a drink and looked at Kimberly. She sat with her legs crossed and looked around the room. I marveled at her large, firm tits. Her nipples were hard.
"Have you walked around the high school next door?" Kimberly asked out of nowhere. "I thought maybe that was part of your plan while camping naked."
"No, I haven't been on the high school campus yet." I replied. My mouth felt dry as I took another drink.
"You'll need to wear some shoes at least." Angela added. "That open field is full of cacti and thorny bushes."
"Did you say horny bitches?" I said laughing. My face felt numb and my head dizzy.
I rested my head back onto the couch and closed my eyes. Why was I so tired? I was sitting in my living room with two hot naked girls and all I wanted to do was sleep. What was going on? My ears were ringing.
I could hear Angela and Kimberly talking but my body was numb. I felt the empty cup slip out of my hand. I tried to speak but nothing was making any sense.
"How much did you give him?"
"I don't know? A few drops?"
"Maybe we should move him before he completely passes out?"
I tried to make sense of what I was hearing. I wanted to reply or stand up but I couldn't under my own power. Kimberly and Angela grabbed me by my arms and pulled me off the couch. My legs felt like noodles as my new friends stood on either side of me and began to walk.
Everything was in a fog. I could hear voices but I couldn't understand what they were saying. I could barely hold my head up as I tried to see where I was being taken. A bright light suddenly appeared and I heard the garage door being opened.
To Be Continued...