"What a shitty week I've had. The guys at my job keep hounding me to fuck them again. Not just one or two...freaking ALL of them. After a month of not saying shit now they want me. WHAT THE FUCK? You know me I'd do it at the drop of a hat but I'm finding I prefer something more public. These guys just want me to come over to their apartments and do it. One on one. While I'm not telling them NO I'm not offering a YES either.
My thoughts are on either new guys or something as public as the mattress store at the mall. If nothing comes along maybe I'll agree to a couple quickies. Right now I just want to relax and decide my next move. So far I'm clueless. LOL! Give me time.
After texting the Larabee boys their daily nude pic, which I shared with two dozen others I found my thoughts reflecting back to my first extreme adventure. Minus the Jamie part. I hadn't given Scott or Kyle the time of day since then. I hadn't fucked any of the guys from that day. Maybe it was time to do just that. I could go back to the mall and retrace my steps with them but grant them more that just a clothed lap dance. Hmmm. I'll think on that for tomorrow. Let me text a few of them and see if they want to meet in the food court again. This time I was not going to be shy or worried about anything.
Messaging Scott and Kyle for starters it took them less than five minutes to reply. Scott said he was game. Kyle seconded that motion. Kyle then had a brainstorm idea of fucking me in the sporting goods store. He and Scott had just put up some indoor tent displays. They offered to fuck me in one. YEP LET'S DO IT. LOL! I still wanted that food court conquest. They had seen me naked except my clothes rolled up into a belt around my waist, but nobody had me HAD ME so to speak. Six more texts only one declined as being out of town. I swore to myself that I was going to ride every dick that I had just texted right there in the food court. I CAN DO IT. I KNOW I CAN.
Prepared for the inevitable I wore all red today. Red camisole and red micro mini skirt. I lived in these same outfits every single day it seemed like, only rotating my rainbow. I felt really sexy in them so why change a winning combo, right? Red alert I say. LOL! Even my sexy heels were red. Four alarm fire Boys.
Checking myself out in the mirror of my bathroom always made my day. Sorry for the ego, but daaaaamn I'm sexy. Innocent looking, devilish at heart. Touching up the makeup and primping the platinum blond hair I put my sunglasses atop my head and skipped out the door, chain purse on the shoulder. LOL! It was red too. Fancy that.
No bus today. Two of the guys I met at the mall Fred and Jason dropped by to pick me up in Jason's big RED truck. I felt so at home. LOL! Being a Dodge RAM excited me even more. I liked being rammed. Sitting in Fred's lap got him off to a running start. Instant boner. We laughed all the way to the mall. Fred's a nice kisser, we had a steamy session right out of the gate, his hands all over me. They were certainly happy to see me. Jason's driving was all over because he kept rubbing my legs. I screamed at least a dozen times to keep us alive as I heard honks in favor of getting the drivers attention. Pedestrians beware. EYES ON ME, NOT THE ROAD. LOL!
Let's just say the long drive across Indy was steamy. Windows rolled down didn't do much for my hair though. LOL! Hot mess but worth it. Fred loved kissing my neck while I lay back against him, his hands up under my camisole palming the girls. I nearly fucked him right there but I wanted to save my energy for the feats ahead. Trust me I had to calm both of them down. I wanted them to crave me so badly that when I did give in to them it was going to be primal. Public primal. LOL! I am woman hear me WHORE!
Reaching the mall, finding a parking spot was horrible. Today looked to be hectic. That could go in my favor, or it could ruin my plans. Everything would depend upon family function. Too many kids around my food court, fucking was out of the question. The sporting goods store in a tent would be my best and probably only option for privacy. The problem is I didn't want privacy. I wanted to be seen. I needed to be seen. I WOULD BE SEEN.
Once Jason parked he stepped around to the passenger side opening our door. Hands lifted to assist me down out of Fred's lap I dove down into his arms. Holding me aloft I wrapped my legs about his waist laughing. Fred joining us on the ground shut the door, Jason locking it and pocketing his keys. Being a large man Jason carried me on our way to the entrance. Fred being mischievous lifted my skirt up over my butt all the way to my waist. I squealed knowing the world outside could see my bare bottom. There was no hiding it. Not that I wanted to. I was just conscientious over kids being scarred for life seeing it.
People coming out saw my ass. Some whistled, some shook their heads. Fred and Jason just played it off as I had no control over their abuse. Our laughter made most people share in the moment. Even when Fred consistently slapped my ass in front of them. OUCH! OUCH! FUCK THAT ONE HURT. LOL!
Even they made sure to block my view of passing children. Good boys. Not once did that skirt get pulled down. Merely body blocked by Fred. Jason's a good kisser too. We shared a few lingering kisses as Fred led us blindly along. Traffic leaving the mall tooted horns to make certain they didn't run us over. Fred was a great crossing guard.
Reaching the front door we were forced to behave ourselves as Jason lowered me to the sidewalk. I pulled my skirt down after I caught a glimpse of my lower body in the glass windows facing the mall. Anyone looking out would have been able to see my glorious thighs. Still, it was so hot seeing myself in the reflection.
Fred opened the door for me like a gentleman and I pranced in as if a Princess. I really need to contain my ego. LOL! These days I just felt like the sexiest bitch in the world. How could I not when guys treat me so well? Honestly no man looked away in disgust. Even if they were with a girlfriend, or a wife. They just played it cool and spied. I caught a lot of men following us, some close, others at a safe distance. Whenever I found an opportunity I would hike my skirt up and slap my ass cheek just to know they were clingy. Happy but clingy meant followers. I loved a healthy fanbase.
Jason and Fred always ran interference to allow me certain liberties. I even sat in a vibrating recliner with my legs over the arms so guys could watch me finger myself and lick my fingertips for their stimulation. My boys blocked the ceiling cameras every time. With multiple recliners side by side, guys would sit and hope I'd feel frisky and move into their laps for a cozy ride. No lie, eight guys in a row. I gave them what they wanted. Three of those eight I faced and let them pet my pussy. Not one of them were part of my entourage that I had teased weeks ago. I might as well keep a little black book. LOL.
During my seating arrangements, a few of those earlier mentioned entourage caught up with us. I was so happy to see them that I abandoned my current prisoners just to hug each of them. Hands all over me. My hands all over them. I let them know in advance what my fantasy entailed. Those new gentlemen all wanted in. I couldn't have been happier. Dancing about with my fists clenched had to let them know I wanted this bad. My camisole could barely contain my bouncing tits. At one point Jason snuck behind me and drug the shoulder straps over my arms while I danced. Tits came flying out. Just to keep everyone happy I left them out longer than they should have been consider the amount of traffic flowing around us. To my advantage a healthy bunch of them shielded me. So much fun. At one quick moment that camisole was down to my waist and Jason reached around to squeeze my breasts. I let him, reaching behind me to rub his crotch. Fair trade right? Mighty, mighty fine it was.
In that brief moment he shared my breasts with others. Lips kissed my nipples and tongues circled my areolas. So much traffic it made me crazy. Part of me just wanted to fuck right then and there, just as I had at City Centre mall outside the bedroom store. This time though I was in control. So far. LOL. Knowing my first destination I squealed and told them where I was headed. I promised each and every one that if it was possible they could spend time alone in a tent with me. All game I covered up and seductively coaxed them into following me. I took the lead just to have a moment of me time. I needed to cool off a bit before things got hot and heavy. I was already sweating up a storm.
Sneaking past the shoe store where Jamie worked I realized that he wasn't even there today. WHEW! LOL. Next stop DICK'S. LOL. Sporting goods that is. Kyle and Scott were waiting. Impatiently. LOL. They were blowing up my cell. Can you blame them? If you readers had my number you would be too. LOL. Gimme a sec to text them I'm almost there. LA LA LA LA LA LA. OH CRAP. Silly me, walked right into a security guard.
Apologizing the elderly man merely smiled and went on his way. That's what I get for texting and walking. Is it sad to say that he looked down at my tits? He had to have been 60 or older. Should I invite him to the tent? NAAAAAAAAAAA! LOL. Pass. This time. I had enough men to make my day. At least 90% of them were cute. I'll let the other 10% think that. LOL. GOD! YOU PEOPLE MUST THINK I'M HORRIBLE. At least I'm not telling them HELL NO.
At DICK'S I told everyone to go in little by little so as not to look obvious that something was up. That and I needed to let Scott and Kyle in on what I was doing. It WAS their idea so they should get me first. All agreed I waltzed in pretty as you please and met Kyle by the front registers. There were a few girl employees running about but most seemed tied to the checkout. That worked for me. Talking as we headed back toward the tent displays I filled Kyle in. Scott was already inside the tent waiting. He even had a big pile of sleeping bags mounded up to have sex on. Kyle unzipped the tent and stood guard. Once inside Scott pulled me down into his arms and kissed me hard. His hand lifting my skirt up to ride my waist. His eagerness took my breath away. Before I knew it I was rolled over on to my back and he stood propped on his knees unfastening his pants. Whipping out a dream cock He moved in without even asking. That huge crown found my pussy and pressed in deep. SWEET LORD ABOVE that felt good going in. Falling over me he lifted my shirt and removed it from my body. Topless he fucked me for ten minutes. His hand cupped my mouth to mask my moans. I clung to him digging my nails into his work shirt. FUCK ME!! I'M CUMMMMMMMING!!
Concluding his run like a beast I found cum all over my tummy. At least he didn't nut inside me. Kissing me his appreciation he told me to lay there and wait on Kyle. I could hear Kyle talking to others so I knew my entourage was moving in. In the background I heard an intercom ask for a price check on tennis rackets. LOL. Awesome. Leaving the tent as Kyle entered I greeted him with my legs wide. He didn't even bother to wait for me to clean Scott's cum off. Pants went down, so did he. Condom worn. Missionary seemed to be popular today.
Fucking me hard I yelped a number of times. Kyle didn't palm my mouth this time. He wanted to hear me. He even told me how long he's wanted to do this. Admitting that even in school when we were seniors and I had just lost every bit of weight I had in my goddess transformation, he wanted me even then. Sure Kyle, sure. Shut up and make me crazy. LOL. Okay, I bluffed him, I told him I had fantasized about him inside me back then. Whatever makes him fuck me harder...HERE I GO AGAIN...FUCCCCCCCCCCCKKK MEEEEEEEE! Orgasm number two. God my body is shaking.
JASSSON! My big truck buddy was next. The thing is Fred came in with him. Two at once. YAY ME. As pants lowered I found Fred over my face slapping his deep on my lips. MINE ALL MINE! I sucked that cock hard as Jason tore into my pussy. At least these guys are learning to cover their cocks. Minutes later Jason fills his rubber, not as good as I predicted, Jason. For someone as big as him I figured he would be the best I ever had. ME SO SAD.
Fred moved in and took his place. Again, even his performance was lackluster. WHAT THE HELL. Two for four. I needed to make them feel good though, I needed a ride home. LOL. I bragged about their talent just to see them grow smug. So adorable. NEXT!! Thank God this is a four man tent. Twice in a row I had four guys in here at once. I got doggy finally as another face fucked me. NOW WE'RE TALKING. Taking turns on me I couldn't stop cumming. Nobody was even trying to keep me quiet. LOVVVVING IT. So were they.
Twelve guys in I wondered if their were more. I hadn't really counted how many followers I had before entering DICK'S, or DICK'S entering me. LOL. I know that was bad, live with it. You know you laughed. Catching my breath alone Jason finally stuck his head in and said LET'S GO. Food Court here I come. I found my camisole and pulled it on before tugging my micro mini skirt down. I was sticky all over but you know what? I'M GOOD.
Crawling out Jason helped me up. I looked around and only found Scott looking out for me. Stepping up to me he gripped me by the chin and said. HAD ENOUGH? I chuckled HELL NO. After a smirk he said BREAK TIME. Snatching my hand he drug me through the store and met Kyle outside. Jason and Fred right behind us. Scott was being kind of aggressive. YUMMY. As I was led along I found some of my guys that I knew I hadn't fucked, jogging my memory. They filed in behind us. I was wet as hell knowing what was next. Did I?
At the food court I discovered that a few of my followers had moved tables close together to match their numbers. Some guys I didn't even recognize. Who called in reinforcements, and who do I thank first? LOL. Mental count around the tables including tables not connected...22. YESSSSSSSSSSSSS. I could easily tell who was part of this adventure because every guy I looked at touched their crotch to inform me they were a part of this as if code. NICELY DONE BOYS. NICELY DONE.
Scott like before took the seat at the head of the table. Kyle next to him. Pulling me into his lap I nibbled my lip excitedly. Even looking around at the people not involved I felt as if I could get away with this. I could see Jason and Fred talking to even more guys, bodyguards I think to keep me safe. I FUCKING HOPE SO. I really don't want to have to call my future stepdad David to bail me out. I know he would, but that would mean I owed him. After last week I don't know what to think about David. What he did to my Mom...STOP IT VIOLET. DO NOT LET THAT RUIN TODAY. Nope. Not gonna let it.
READY? Scott whispered into my ear. I snuggled back against him and sheepishly grinned. OF COURSE I AM. He loved my eager to please attitude. Lifting my butt I let Scott pull my skirt up as he had a few weeks back. Guys watched intently, but kept private conversations going to mask what was going down. To the customers all around us their voices maintained privacy. Even Jason and his soldiers standing by watched avidly, but made sure things were going smoothly. To my surprise Scott was taking things further than before. Instead of moving my camisole straps over my shoulders to move my blouse to my waist he actually pulled it up. OMG! He's going to take it off of me. I GOT THE CHILLS. NIPS WERE FIRST TO FEEL THE AIR. I wanted to cover myself but darn it, I wanted to be seen. Taking my camisole Scott tosses it across the table. As if I was going to reclaim it and hide these big beautiful, perky tits. LOL.
With my shirt lost to me Scott reached around and played with my breasts for not only his pleasure, but for the men around me. MY PLEASURE TOO BUDDY. LOL. Just as his hands jostled me people walked by us. Right down the middle. OMG! They didn't even look at me. I CAN DO THIS. I FEEL SO DIRTY. I still had dried cum on my body. Nobody seemed to care. They loved me because I'm a dirty whore. LOL.
Kyle caught me off guard and brought something to the table that he had hidden away. Sitting it in front of me I dropped my jaw. BABYOIL. YESSSSSSSS. Once I smiled at the bottle Kyle reclaimed it and leaned toward me to dribble some on my tits. Almost instantly Scott went to work rubbing it into them and making me all shiny. Pinching my nipples I cooed and batted my lashes at my fellowship. They nodded their approval. As a group of college girls walked through without looking I was feeling pretty stoked. I mean there were six girls ten feet away as Scott teased my nipples. SO HOT!
Scott whispered into my ear again and told me to lift my butt up. I listened and felt him wiggle my skirt down over my butt and to my legs. The skirt losing my hips to hold it up slipped down to my knees. I trembled really hard as I guided it to my heels and kicked it off. OMG! I'M TOTALLY NAKED. TOTALLY NAKED. TOTALLY NAKED. OMG! OMG! OMG! I need dick dammit.
To my left one of my table mates bent down and claimed my skirt. Showing it to me first he then threw it back at another table. OMG! Nothing could hide me besides my boys here. Kyle tilted the baby oil bottle again as Scott slid our chair back. This time he coated my chest, belly, and thighs. Scott immediately ran his palms over my entire front stopping to massage my pussy into a gloss. Fingering me as my skirt thief reached in to rub my leg, I lost all expression. YEAH I GOT SCARED. Dammit! Still I endured. All I could hope for was that the army of dicks around me would fight to keep me safe should the cops come. There had to be cameras watching us, the question is, was anyone actually monitoring the cams. I HOPE NOT.
My last mall adventure, Mitch's friends knew the security team at City Centre, so they cut the camera feed when I was there. I wouldn't be so lucky this time. At least nobody told me the cameras were off. I'd sure feel better if they were. Do I let that stop me? NOPE. LOUD AND PROUD VIOLET. YOU CAN DO THIS. I think. YES I CAN.
Guiding me from his lap Scott stood me up. I nearly panicked as he turned me to face him so that Kyle could baby oil my backside. Scott held my hands to my side so I couldn't even cover my tits if I wanted to. Luckily, Jason and Fred stepped behind the planter barrier and blocked me from the restaurant outlets and those seeking to feed their appetite. Looking about me nervously I saw other men evaluating the people strolling through. Human barriers distracted those stepping through until it was clear. I LOVE YOU BOYS. I felt Kyle and my neighbor rubbing my butt cheeks as Scott played with my tits and fingered me. My eyes were afraid to blink.
Feeling another hand grab my wrist I looked back at my neighbor. He had moved his chair sideways and was pulling me toward him. Scott released me and I made my first few steps out of my safety zone. Tugged between his knees I stood looking down at a magnificent cock. OMG! THIS IS IT. I let him draw me down to straddle his beast and guide his crown into me. As I went down on him I let out a shrill squeal. Gritting my teeth I heard him say JUST RELAX. I tried. I rode him ten full thrusts, leaning forward over him as he kissed my neck and pinched my nipples.
The guy beside him scooted out from the table bravely allowing me to view his dick popping up through his zipper. Kissing my current lover goodbye I peeled away and stepped around him. I was getting bolder. Hopping on my new ride for another ten he chose to pull my hair and whisper RIDE ME YOU SEXY BITCH. I nodded without a word and added ten more thrusts to feel safe in his possession. At 20 insertions I was moaning. Better to move on before I become uncontrollable.
Chair after chair around the combined tables made room for me. Each time others moved about to secure my safety. I couldn't begin to count how many families left without even catching a glimpse of my nudity. I WAS HIGH ON LIFE. Reaching Kyle I giggled and whispered YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST. He smiled and stood up. I wasn't certain what he was doing I just stood there staring. Grabbing me by my waist he picked me up and sat me on the table. OH BOY. Encouraging me to stretch out on the table I whimpered under stress and laid back, my feet on the table. Scanning about for safety he retrieved his baby oil bottle from Scott and doused me from head to toe. In a blur I found the entire table of guys leaning over me and rubbing oil into my skin. Fingers in every hole. Tits squeezed. Scott had stood between my legs and was actively finger fucking me with three fingers. I could hear my pussy sloshing between my native wetness and the oil. OH MY GOD! I was feeling an orgasm coming on. THIS WAS GOING TO HAPPEN.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I continually moaned, my body convulsing under the dozen hands upon me. Fingers went into my mouth trying to contain my escalating voice. Sucking on them wasn't flavorful, baby oil tastes horrible but I knew I had to keep this quiet and manageable. Scott added a fourth finger. OMG! Please don't let him do what I think he has planned. FUCK! Even Kyle was fingering my asshole. Good thing I'm kind of liking anal these days thanks to the Larabee brothers. SHIT! Here comes Scott's thumb. Don't you guys need to go back to work? LOL.
Scott's going to try fisting me. HOLY CRAP. I didn't know my pussy could stretch so wide. His hands are huge too. Gonna be loud even as more fingers find my mouth. I'm literally sucking on six fingers to be silent. Pushing his fingers deeper I arched my back and squirmed all over a slick table. Hands held me as best they could as men whisper RELAX BEAUTIFUL. You try relaxing like this. I'm having a baby and it's fighting to climb back in. LOL.
His hand turning side to side Scott was succeeding. I wanted to cry but I remained tough. This was all new to me but I wanted to experience it. So not going to become a habit. LOL. His knuckles enter me and I feel my orgasm ready to explode. I was trying hard not to squirt until Scott was done. HOLY FUCK! I think he wants to make my pussy a wristwatch. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM SHIT MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM...NOOOOOOOOOO. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! I squirted all around his knuckles. He didn't quite sink his entire hand inside me but it was close. I'd watch this event later on Kyle's cell. AWESOME TO WATCH BY THE WAY. I should have known guys were recording my porno. LOL. MEN I SWEAR.
Removing his fist I squirted a fountain all over my table. Like I said I saw the video. I saw lots of videos over the following days. LOL. Different angles, things guys did to me when I was barely conscious. Yeah, that orgasm nearly made me pass out. How I got away with that was anybody's guess. All I know is my boys are loyal to a fault. They made it happen and got me to safety without so much as a handcuff and a Miranda rights.
Some guys never got to feel me up or feed me their cocks. Once I exceeded that orgasm I was toast. I don't even remember Scott and Kyle dressing me until the video. SERIOUSLY LOOPY. The last thing I remember was coming to in the bed of Jason's truck, guys all around me. My clothes were missing again and even with the sun in my eyes I knew six men stood over me jacking off. I laid there and waited until it rained. I had zero energy to even sit up.
Six men out of bed, six more in. LET IT RAIN, LET IT RAIN. I do recall thinking that the only thing to make this even better would be if Jason drove me through a car wash. LOL! After enduring one more set of five guys I looked like a milkshake. WHAT? NOBODY WANTED TO FUCK ME WHILE I WAS UNCONCIOUS? LOL. Leaving me alone in my milk bath I rode home in the bed looking up at stoplight after stoplight. Rough ride let me tell you. Only Fred looked over me through a sliding rear window on the cab.
Arriving at house I sat up to evaluate who was home. I got off lucky, Mom and David were both gone. As Fred hopped out to lower the tailgate and help me down I stood naked on the curb coated in dried jizz. I truly hoped our neighbors weren't watching. You know they were. LOL. Strangely not one neighbor told my Mom or David. Fred handed me my clothes and clutch purse, patting me on the ass as he climbed back into the cab. Jason tooted his horn goodbye and drove off. Those neighbors knew for sure now. OH WELL. TOO TIRED TO CARE.
Shuffling through the lawn toward the house I heard a hiss. Suddenly, cold water collided with my nudity and I screamed. FUCK! The sprinklers were on a timer. Perfect time indeed. Laughing at my luck I threw my clothes and clutch purse out of watering range and danced in the shower. All I needed was soap. LOL.
Hey! Who threw that bar of Zest at me? Don't ask.
"CRAP!"