Author's note:
This is part 2 of an ongoing series, meant to be read in order. If you haven't read part 1 please do.
~~~~~~~
An institutional haze of dust and grime wafted around Miki Lenz as she stepped through the front doors of the police station, the smell of stale coffee and Old Spice assaulting her nose like a sledgehammer. It had now been well over forty eight hours since she'd heard from her best friend, Gwen DiMatteo. This was an anomaly. By now, Gwen would have texted or called, especially since she stood Miki up for drinks at The Frolic Room. She squinted against the fluorescent lights and took a deep breath, trying to compose herself as she made her way towards the desk sergeant. Her eyes darted around the room, taking in the worn-out furniture, that specific combination of navy blue seat upholstery and bruised wood desks only found in city stations, the scratched computer screens, inspirational management posters, and a muted flatscreen playing the news in the corner. It wasn't exactly welcoming, but it wasn't as depressing as she'd imagined on the way over.
"Excuse me." Her voice squeaked in a failed attempt to sound friendly. Maybe it was the knowledge that some day she would be forced to make decisions, as a lawyer or prosecutor, that would put her on the other side of the thin blue line, but she felt a little less comfortable here than she knew she should. The desk Sergeant peered up from his paperwork, his face impassive. "I need to report a missing person."
He nodded, showing no real interest, and pointed her down the hall. She made her way to a sign on the door: 'Missing Persons', swallowed as she opened it and stepped inside, taking a seat across from Lt. Derrick Thompson.
Thompson had a face like the backside of an old motorcycle jacket, weathered and worn but still holding some charm. He smiled at her, "What can I do for you today, Miss?" His slightly high pitched drawl was at odds with his otherwise hard boiled appearance.
Miki cleared her throat, trying to keep her emotions in check. "I'm here about my roommate... my best friend, Gwen DiMatteo. She's been missing for two days now." She fumbled in her bag, pulling out a picture of Gwen from last summer. Thompson took the photo and glanced at it before setting it on his desk. "What can you tell me about her?" He leaned back in his chair.
Miki described Gwen--her wild, free spirit, her passion for life, she even mentioned the rumors about her working as a prostitute or escort. Anything to bring Gwen back. She also mentioned how responsible Gwen was, how she never missed classes, and even when she was off on some 'adventure' she always checked in, a phone call or text. "We've been like sisters since grade school."
Thompson snorted. "Sisters, huh? Well, let me tell you something, sisters disappear on each other every day. Secret rendezvous, lovers' quarrels..." He took another drag from his cloyingly sweet smelling vape. "It usually doesn't end well."
Miki winced at Thompson's negative tone, especially the offhand comment about a 'lovers' quarrel'. Gwen never kept secrets from her. They were best friends; they shared everything. As it turns out, Gwen was full of secrets. "Gwen wouldn't do that."
Thompson studied her for a moment before responding, "You might be surprised what people get up to when you're not looking."
Miki clenched her left fist as she spoke, a jolt of anger welling up. "She's a psych major, we go to the same University, we live together. Sure, she's a little wild, and sometimes she stays out... but I just know something's wrong. She wouldn't drop off the radar for this long."
Thompson nodded as he blew out another billowing cloud of bubblegum vape, his expression unchanging. "We'll look into it. But most cases like this end in one of two ways: the person in question returns of their own free will, or... they don't."
"Just promise me you'll do something... find her." The taste of bile rose in Miki's throat as a litany of the worst scenarios infested her mind like angry hornets.
"Like I said, we'll look into it." he promised as he handed her a card with a number on it. "If she turns up, call me."
She nodded, taking the card. "Thank you."
Miki's heart ached as she made her way out of the station. The sound of keys jingling and metal chairs scraping against the floor echoed then faded away as she pushed the heavy glass doors open and walked into the brisk night air.
She ambled several blocks back to her apartment, looking for any sign of Gwen but knowing it was futile. Her mind raced. She wished she could see inside those motels and apartments, peek into the dark corners of every room to see where her friend was hiding.
~~~~~~~
Miki turned the knob on Gwen's bedroom door and pushed it open, resolving to find something, anything that could help the police locate her friend. The musty scent of old perfume and stale air hit her nose, driving home the message that Gwen had been gone too long. She took a step inside and felt the familiarity of her friend's intimate space wash over her, and was overwhelmed by the weight of her absence.
She'd combed over it once already, the empty bottles of vodka under the bed, pills tucked away in her sock drawer, and the clothes, slutty even by Gwen's standards. Secrets and more secrets.
And hour of searching and she'd found nothing helpful.
She poured herself a tall glass of iced tea and started again. Twenty minutes and three deja-vu later, there was something on the floor of Gwen's closet. It must have fallen out when Miki was rifling through her clothes last time: a torn piece of paper with a phone number. A guy maybe, or one of her study group friends. Something.
Emotionally exhausted, almost in a daze, Miki dialed the number. A sultry female voice answered. "Hello, you've reached The Dollhouse. How may I be of service?"
"Um, hi," Miki's mind raced, caught off guard. What the fuck was The Dollhouse? "I'm looking for Gwen, is she there?"
"Gwen? I'm sorry, we don't have anybody here by that name..." Miki thought she detected faint note of hesitation in the woman's voice, but she was frazzled and it could just as easily have been her own imagination. "...I've got another call coming in, would you mind being on hold for a minute?"
"Sure that's fine, thank you." Miki quickly made her way to her desk, opened a browser on her laptop, and did a search for 'The Dollhouse'. She clicked the top result, and a plain black page loaded, nothing on it but 'The Dollhouse' written in simple gold courier font in the center of the page. No other hints. She tried clicking on the words but nothing happened. She hovered her cursor around the page for what seemed like forever, finally clicking when her pointer transformed into the telltale cartoon hand indicating an html link. A new page loaded: 'Ladies and Gentlemen Available for Social Functions, Dinner Engagements, or Private Arrangements', whatever that was. Miki assumed sex. The pretentious capitalization of each word irritated her. She clicked on 'Ladies' and another page loaded, this time with portraits... or were they headshots... of alluring women of all races, types. It reminded her of a restaurant menu. As soon as the cursor hovered over a portrait, a floating price list loaded. Doordash with a side of happy ending.
Masia, a stunning southeast asian looking woman with black hair, olive skin, and crystal dark eyes could be hers for dinner for $500/hr, social functions for $800/hr, and private arrangements for $1200/hr. Was Gwen on here? Miki scoured the portraits but couldn't find her.
The sultry woman's voice came back on the line, "sorry to keep you waiting. Is there anything else I can do for you? I'm sorry we don't have this 'Gwen' for you, but we do have a number of lovely ladies on call tonight, if you tell me your preferences I'd be happy to help you make a selection."
"Hmm yes I see that, but I was really hoping for Gwen, a friend told me how great she is. If she's not available tonight is there a better time for me to call?"
"I'm sorry, we really don't have anyone by that name working here, I don't know what to tell you." The sultry voice had grown an impatient edge.
"Well that's ok, I'll try another time I guess. Thanks for your kind assistance."
"Of course, and please feel free to call back if you decide on any of our services, I'll be happy to help you once you know who or what you want."
Miki hung up. Her gut insisted that this was a lead, Gwen was, in some way, involved in The Dollhouse. Perhaps she could hire an escort, go through the list one by one, until she found somebody that knew more about what happened. If she could even afford it. There was still some money in her bank account... she looked over the 'menu' again, and one girl stood out. She couldn't put her finger on it, but if there was anybody that Gwen would have hung out with, or even been attracted to, it would have been Misty. She radiated a supermodel-next-door vibe that was right up Gwen's alley.
After twenty minutes of calculated mental plotting and consideration, Miki grudgingly decided she needed a man's assistance. It would have just been so much simpler to have an experienced man like Detective Thompson at the wheel. Any prostitute would smell Miki's ulterior motive from a mile away, but perhaps in the course of... erm... intercourse a man could penetrate the professional facade and extract secrets that a simple conversation would never approach. But Thompson was a cop, and it was ridiculous to think he'd fuck an escort for a case. Well probably not, anyway. She did know one guy who'd might be eager to help.
~~~~~~~
James opened the door wearing a white terrycloth bathrobe and holding a steaming mug of hot chocolate. He was about to turn in for the night, and here, to his shock, was Miki Lenz, the object of his unspoken desires for the last two months, standing in the hallway in front of his door, wearing a pair of semi-tight cut-off jeans shorts and a Ramones t-shirt, the same one she was wearing the first time he saw here, start of the semester, in the lobby of their apartment building. God... those legs.
"Oh wow, hi Miki."
"Hi James. You going to leave me standing here, alone in the hallway?" Miki knew she was playing dirty, but sheneededJames' help.
"Ha. No. Yes. I mean come on in." James adjusted his messy hair and motioned Miki to enter.
"Thanks. Nice place. Is that hot chocolate I smell?" She smiled and looked him in the eyes.
James avoided her gaze nervously. "It helps me sleep. Sit down, let me make you a cup."
Miki took a seat on the sofa. "That's ok, I'm on a no sugar no dairy thing." She adopted avery seriousexpression, "James... I need ask you a huge favor."
"Anything."
Miki filled James in on the events of the last couple of days surrounding Gwen's disappearance. Gwen and James weren't friends, but they knew each other a little and he seemed genuinely concerned. Miki locked eyes with him, this time putting on a soft, pleasant demeanor as she spoke, "so the thing is, it looks like she might have been working as an escort at a place called the Dollhouse right before she disappeared."
"No way. Gwen? Are you serious?"
"When I called they denied knowing her, but I got the feeling something was off. Can you help me, please?" She fluttered her eyelids for emphasis and immediately regretted the absurd display of emotional dishonesty.
"Sure. What can I do?"
"I need you to hire an escort."
James, speechless, stared at Miki with an expression of embarrassed disbelief. After a moment to regroup he replied, "you're joking, right?"
"I'm dead serious. I don't think I can pull it off, but they're not going to bat an eyelid if you do it. I've got the one picked out that I think Gwen would have gravitated to, as a friend or whatever, and maybe you can get what I can't?"
James looked nervous. Miki wondered if he was inexperienced, intimidated, weirded out, or just morally opposed to prostitution.
"You want me to actually... um... do them?"
'Do them.' For some reason this broke the ice with her. She laughed, reached out and put her hand on his knee. "Yes James, I want you to fuck her senseless, pump her for information, leave her in a quivering puddle of wet ecstasy begging to tell you her secrets."
"I don't know if I can do that. I mean I can have sex with her, and you're really putting me on the spot here admitting this, but it's not like I'm some kind of porn star, I'm just a regular guy who occasionally gets lucky."
"That's ok, maybe I can help you prepare."
James' eyes lit up.
Miki smiled and shook her head, "not likethat. I mean tell me how you would, you know, approach this, and maybe I can give you some notes. From a female perspective." She pulled her shoulders back, knowing that her nipples were going to a little stir under the worn black t-shirt fabric. It was punching below the belt, but this was Gwen's safety at stake.
James took a deep breath. "Sure. Um... I guess I start with kissing. Usually. Some tongue. Do escorts do that, even? I never... you know."
"So far so good. Honestly? I don't know, either. Go on."
"If I feel like things are going my way, I guess in this case it's a given, I'd touch her boobs while I'm kissing her."
"Mmhmm, that sounds really good James." Miki swayed her shoulders a bit. Her breasts were too small for any real jiggle even though she was braless under the t-shirt, but she figured it would still catch his eye and keep him talking.
"And then maybe kiss her neck, down the side. I had a girl do that to me one time, it was amazing, so I'd really like to do that to y-- her. And eventually I'd touch down there. I never know if it's ok to just do that, but I guess if she's turned on, you know moving like that, making sounds? In this case at least I don't have to wonder too much." He knew he was babbling, but it was just so awkward and nerve-wracking to talk about these things in front of Miki Lenz of all people.
"You sound like an attentive lover so far. I'd add kisses on her nipples. I know I really like that. You could run the bottom of your tongue over her nipples, feel them get hard, then you know you can move on to the next phase."
James face blushed as he pictured his tongue on Miki's gorgeous little breasts.
"Maybe I'd ask her to undress, since I'm paying."
"Sounds fair."
"I'm assuming she's pretty hot, right? I'd be turned on. I mean my..."
"Your cock will be hard as a rock. She's beautiful, at least I think so."
"Ha. Shit. Ok." James inhaled deeply, tamping down some of the overt arousal he was experiencing as Miki talked about his hard penis. "It's hard."
Miki looked down at the bathrobe tent formed over James' crotch. It was pulsing a bit. She blushed.
"It looks very hard right now. You might need to, you know... relieve yourself so you can last long enough to get the information?"
"Like after we're done?"
Miki shrugged her shoulders, and then her cheeks flushed a bit. This was so fucking weird. Was she asking him to pull out his cock and show it to her? "I guess if it's too hard to wait I don't mind if you..."
James' face turned beet red. He looked like he couldn't decide wether he wanted to throw off his robe and leap on Miki or run for his dignity and his life.
Miki could tell she was at risk of losing him. She pushed his knee to the side a bit. "Ok, I admit maybe it'd be kind of hot to watch you." It felt a lot like when she and Gwen were younger and experimenting with nudity, showing each other theirs... exciting and naughty. As soon as she said it, though, she regretted it. This wasn't her 'sister', this was a guy she barely knew. So not like her, so fucked up and unfair to James, and it was probably going to become some kind of creepy sexual fantasy or total nightmare. But it did serve several purposes.
One: cement James' contribution to the cause.
Two: make sure he knows what he's doing.
Three: make sure he doesn't blow his wad too quickly when the rubber meets the road, so to speak.
These were professionals at The Dollhouse, and no doubt they were financially motivated to satisfy quickly and move on to the next client. She wondered how many strangers a call girl serviced in a typical workday.
James slipped his hand inside his robe and she could see the outline of his fingers wrapping around his pole. He was still beet red, and he clumsily moved his hand up and down, trying so very hard not to let the robe open, to not make too much commotion down there.
"Keep talking, I want to hear what you're going to do next to get Misty to open up."
"Fuck, this is so weird."
"Just go with it. I need you, James. Prove to me you can do this." Miki felt a surge of excitement at her power over him. She leaned forward, maintaining eye contact, then leaned some more and 'adjusted' her converse low tops, hoping that he got a little sneak peak at her little tits as the worn, loose shirt was tugged away from her breasts by gravity. He did notice. Her breasts hung so nicely from her chest, little white mounds capped by dusky areolae and long, proud nipples. He couldn't believe where this night was going.
She noticed him pick up the pace, his cock peaked out momentarily as his hand launched the robe fabric. It was so dirty, a little gross, and surprisingly a big turn-on. She could feel herself clench, her panties hot and moist already. But this was about Gwen, and not shitting where she ate.
James had given up on keeping the robe closed, his cock out on full display, stroking himself more earnestly now that he'd settled in and accepted the humiliating weirdness of jacking off in front of a 'fully' clothed Miki. She glanced down to get a better look. He had a very nice looking cock, as cocks go.
His forefinger rubbed the bottom of his head, thefrenulumas she'd learned in freshman bio class, as his hand slid up and down, the soft, tacky skin pulled taught over the throbbing shaft in his grip. "I'd kiss her down there, her lips, you know. Get it all nice and wet, suck on them first, and then her little thing. Clit." He couldn't look her in the eyes, so he stared at her full lips, a hint of red lipstick but otherwise all natural, so kissable. He wanted to taste her lips so badly.
"You need her to suck your cock though, seriously. Give her some attention downstairs, but take control, be assertive, and take what you want. Believe me, lots of women like that." His cock was dry, it looked a little painful. Miki scanned the room hoping something lube-y would jump out at her. Nothing did. Ok... this was about to get ten times weirder... she leaned over his lap and spit on his cock, getting it nice and moist with her warm saliva, then settled back in her seat as if nothing unusual had just occurred. "She'd wrap her lips around your cock and then what would you do?"
James groaned. What the fuck was that? Her teasing was going to be the death of him. He could feel his orgasm pounding at the door, but he needed to show Miki he could perform, so he visualized soggy french fries and a third baseman spitting out a wet brown wad of Skoal chewing tobacco and pressed on. "I'd put my hands on her head I guess, and gently pull her towards me. Oh god, I'd shove my cock deep in her soft, wet mouth, watching it go in and out, her beautiful lips... Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I can't..."
"Not yet, James, we still have..." she pointed at her crotch "...down there to go, and you still have questions to ask. Don't mess this up." He almost bit through his tongue trying to hold back the rush of climax.
"I'd pull out of her mouth so I don't cum right away. I've already put my fingers in her vagina, so I know it's wet enough, or lube I guess, and then I'd lay her on her back, lean over her, and tease my cock at her lips, right by her hole. And then I'd push it in, slowly. Oh my fucking god. Better ask some questions right the fuck now because I don't have much time left!"
"What questions are you going to ask her, James?"
James thought about it. Direct approach? More french fries, a giant sack of cold, shitty, soggy french fries...
Then it hit him... "I could describe Gwen, like I want to try that girl for a threesome next time."
"That's fucking genius, James. Neat!"
James face lit up at the complement. He stroked his cock a little more confidently as Miki watched him throb and pulse, a little smile unconsciously escaping her otherwise tightly controlled expressions.
"And then I'd pull out my cock and cum... all over her... face... tits... pussy... ass... fuck... I'd fucking fuck her ass so hard and deep" he closed his eyes and pictured Miki naked, on her hands and knees in front of him with her ass up in the air and his cock ramming in and out of her as he jacked his cock faster and harder, his hand a blur as it shot up and down, his body jolting and juddering with impending climax.
Miki's heart raced as she sat on the edge of her seat, trying to suppress a mix of arousal and revulsion. While her mind fought its own battle, her body trembled with desire, urging her to tear off her clothes and impale herself on his gorgeous, throbbing manhood. Every inch of her was screaming to be filled with him, his hot release would surely... but she forced herself to stay composed, knowing that giving in would only lead to a wrecking ball of unwanted consequences.
James shook from his core, his hips bumped and thrust off the sofa as he erupted in thick, white, creamy plumes of sperm. He was careless about his aim, some landed on the wood floor, some on the leather sofa, and Miki felt a burning hot little drop of something wet on her calf. She tried to wipe it off casually, without James noticing.
As the inhibition dampening intoxication of arousal waned, James' face, once again, turned beet red. He hid his now limp, soaking wet member in shame under his bathrobe, sweat dripping from his forehead down his cheeks, looking like he had no idea what to do with himself.
"That was fantastic, James. You are so hired." Miki still kind of wished she was a wanton slut, but it just wasn't her. But, the sight of his cock and the sensation as his little drop of cum struck her sensitive skin sent waves of desire cascading through her body, her sopping wet hole now aching with a need unfulfilled.
"Ok, but when are we doing this? I'm going to need a little time."
Miki took a deep breath to steady her nerves. "Is an hour long enough?"
"I think so."
~~~~~~~
Miki leaned back in her chair and went over her plan one last time. She was sure she'd considered all the permutations, all the ways this could go wrong for her, for Gwen, and for poor James. She was using him. But she told herself he was getting something out of it, too. He was getting laid, and to her recollection she had yet to meet a guy that was not interested in having sex with a beautiful woman. He was also growing on her, and maybe she'd let him know at some point, when it all seemed a bit less dangerous and fucked up.
Simple goal: get information by any means necessary, short of violence. Lying, manipulation, sex, all of it was on the table, though she wasn't sure James had the backbone. He was a little too nice, a little too passive. But he hardened up nicely when aroused, and she sensed a little bit of untapped savagery in him, especially right before he came.
It was time, no more waiting. It felt like Gwen was drifting farther and farther away every second she put off finding out more. She knocked on James' door and stepped in confidently when he opened, cradling her already open laptop in her arm. A nice pair of old blue jeans hugged his legs, clinging to the contours of his body and showing off his lean, muscular thighs. His button down vintage plaid shirt, with its faded patterns and frayed edges, clung tightly to his chest and biceps. He wasn't exactly muscular, but he was lean and well proportioned.
"Ok James, you ready?"
"Sure, let's do this. Only thing is, what are you going to think of me after I have sex with a prostitute?"
"That you're a red blooded American specimen of manhood, James. We're doing this for Gwen. I respect you even more because you're willing to do this for me, for my sister."
She opened the computer and navigated to the Dollhouse menu page, highlighting Misty. "Call for her. This one."
James looked at the picture on the webpage - blonde hair, blue eyes, classic beauty... she was stunning. But he wasn't turned on by her the way he was by the woman sitting right next to him, the one he wasn't going to kiss, or hug, or fuck tonight. He had no feelings for this stranger, but he knew he'd come through, it was important to Miki. He dialed the number on his smartphone. "Hi. Thanks, yes. I'd like to book Misty for tonight, is she available?" James nodded at Miki. "Yeah, soon as possible. Half hour is great, thanks so much. Ok... on the website? Sure, I'll get it done right away." The first variable was under control, Misty was available.
Now all they had to do was enter Miki's credit card... shit that wasn't going to work. It had to be James. "Can we use your card? I promise I'll get the cash to you fast as I can, but my ATM limit is five hundred, so maybe tomorrow?"
James waved her off like it was no big deal. "I'll pay for it since I'm the one getting the... service."
"No way, mister. I'll pay you back. If it weren't for me and Gwen you wouldn't have to do this."
James ignored her. He wanted to help Gwen. He wanted to help Miki. He entered his card info and pressed 'submit'. The page greyed out, the whirly icon came to a stop, and a new page loaded with a fully nude photo of Misty, her legs spread, her shaved pussy and beautiful c-cup tits exposed, open and waiting to be used. A 30 minute countdown ran in the top corner, presumably as a reminder of Misty's arrival at the specified address.
It felt like hours as they waited in mostly awkward silence, but when the doorbell rang only twenty six minutes had passed. Miki took up her position in the bedroom closet. She had a decent view of the room from between the wood slats and tried to make herself comfortable by piling up some of Jame's t-shirts behind her back and under her butt for support and cushioning.
James opened the door and the tall blonde bombshell-next-door that was Misty walked in, wearing a very short, tight fitting white dress and very high heeled patent leather pumps.
"Hi James, I'm Misty. I'm so glad you called for me." Her smile felt so sincere, so warm and inviting.
James motioned for her to take a seat on the sofa, he sat down next to her. He pushed a remote and ambient music began to play softly in the background. "It's a pleasure to meet you Misty. Did you have any trouble finding the place?"
"Not at all, our drivers know this city and everything in it." It almost sounded like a threat. James supposed it was necessary in her potentially deadly line of work. He suddenly felt like an impostor, a spy. "Can I get you anything? I have vodka and I think some gin. I have edibles, too, if you like that sort of thing."
"Oooh yeah love those."
James opened a small tin from the side table and offered it to Misty. "Just one though, they're really strong."
"They look yummy. I think this red one..." her slender, elegant fingers plucked out a fat red gummy bear, and she made quite a show puckering her luscious painted red lips and popping the little THC bomb in her mouth.
James was riffing now, but he was sure this would help loosen things up for both of them, hopefully her tongue, too. "So are you from around here?"What a fucking dumbass question!
"I moved here a few years ago, for college."
"Oh, what was your major?"
"I have a BA. Was originally going to pursue finance, but then I figured I'd rather start a small business. I know what your next question is, so don't be afraid to ask."
Miki tried hard to listen in on their conversation from the closet, but the words were half lost from the other room. She caught 'edibles' and gave James a mental victory fist bump, and something about a BA and finance. He was already engaging her in conversation, this was a good sign.
James smiled. "So how did you get into this line of work?"
"Line of work. Well put. You look like a smart individual that sees through bullshit, so I'll be honest. First, the money is great. Second, I love sex. Third, I fucking love to fuck."
"Me too. It's why I... I want you so bad Misty."
"You own me James. I'm your fuck slave, your filthy whore, your loving girlfriend for the next two hours. You can do whatever you want to me, and I'll beg for more."
James closed his eyes. "Oh. Shit."
"Oh yes. I'm a dirty, dirty girl and I want my holes filled by you, whatever, wherever you want. Just a heads up, anal, bondage, and any and all fetishes are charged a la carte." With that, Misty stood up, unzipped her tiny little dress, and let it slip to the floor. She wore nothing underneath. She stood stark naked but for her high heels, turning to James to let him get a good long look at her perfect curves, her smooth tanned skin, her impossibly long legs, her elegant arms and delicate fingers, and her fantastic fucking tits, pussy, and ass. She was pure fantasy in the flesh.
Miki caught most of Misty's little 'filthy whore' speech and it was thrilling. What kind of person has the guts to strip naked in front of a stranger and then say things like that? She admired Misty's courage. Or was it just irresponsible and dangerous? One thing was sure, she was getting wet thinking about being in front of a stranger, naked, like Misty. Then her heart sank, thinking this must have been exactly how Gwen's night had begun, right before she disappeared.
Misty leaned over James, her large breasts pendulous before him, magnificent pink areola and firm, erect nipples calling to his animal core.The plan... what was the plan?He reached out and touched her breasts, lifting and pulling them gently. She giggled approvingly, James leaned in and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth.
She caressed his head, stroking his scalp as he worked his tongue around her engorged nipple, suckling, nibbling, teasing as best he could. He should have been intimidated by her beauty, but her energy was so kind and so slutty at the same time that he had no trouble shifting into the primal hunger for her sex. He pulled, lifted, and gently slapped her other breast, then switched and pulled the other nipple into his mouth, softly stroking it with the underside of his tongue like Miki suggested. She swelled noticeably inside him. He could feel her shiver and he stood up, fully clothed, and embraced her naked body, kissing her neck, nibbling her ear, craving an outlet for his lust and affection.
Misty felt his warm lips and tongue as he kissed her neck, her body shivered and shook as he nibbled her ear. The nerd kind of knew what he was doing, maybe tonight wasn't going to be a total shit-show after all. She could feel him working toward her face and turned to capture his lips with hers. The half truth that professional girls like her don't kiss was another bit of annoying bullshit she had to contend with, and she'd learned to initiate if her client hesitated. Kissing turned her on way too much to avoid.
James sucked in her tongue, made love to her mouth. She bathed him in affection and touches, her hands working their way down his back, gripping his ass cheeks. He moved in and pressed his body against hers, then ran his fingers down her toned yet soft tummy, over her pubic mound, to find her moist lips waiting for him. He softly slid his fingers over them a few times before cupping her and softly pushing her little button with his thumb. She moaned into his mouth as he tended to her soft, hot junction, whimpered as he withdrew, and gently cried out in pleasure as his index finger slipped inside her tight little cunt hole.
James had never been with anyone as... expressive and sensitive. He wondered if this was something like driving a Ferrari: responsive, intuitive, almost like she was becoming part of his body. He could feel her shaking just from sliding his finger in her gloriously soft and tight hole, her kiss intensifying, almost desperate, a first long kiss after lovers' long separated. Not that he actually knew what that felt like, but still.
Miki was getting impatient. They were mauling each other in the other room. She could hear slaps and slurps and moans, and it was infuriating to be stuck in a dark closet, sitting on a pile of t-shirts with her thumb up her ass (not literally, though she wondered if she wasn't going to get desperate enough to try the way things were going) while they were snogging and groping each other wasting precious time.Get to the fucking point, James!
James led Misty into the bedroom. He'd forgotten that Miki was hiding in the closet, waiting for them, and suddenly felt a pang of terror. He was going to fuck this sexy goddess in front of the girl that had his heart in a vice grip for the last two months.Fuck, get on mission, just look at her tits, look at her tits.He gently pushed Misty back onto the bed and stood in front of her. "Wrap those beautiful lips around my cock, Misty." He'd heard that line in a porn and never thought he'd get the chance to use it, but it somehow seemed appropriate in the moment.
She sat up, slid her gorgeous feet off the mattress and onto the floor, and pulled on James' belt to tug him in closer. She unbuttoned his 501's, pulling out his turgid cock. "Mmmm that looks so tasty. Are you going to put that in here?" She pointed at her puckered, pouty lips. James tried to say 'yes', but all that escaped his excited state was a low, hungry groan.
"I'll take that as a yes." Misty softly stroked his shaft and guided his cock to her pouty, beautiful lips. She parted them for him, and sucked him inside her warm wet perfection. He came alive there, inside her, and now it was her turn to moan over his stiff member, sending waves of pleasure coursing through his body. She fucked him with her mouth until he was sure that one more lick would be the end of it, and pulled out.
"I want your pussy, Misty. I want to fuck your beautiful little pussy."
"Mmm yes, I want you inside me so bad. Put it in me, James. Please. Please."
James' cock ached, bobbing up and down all on its own as he lowered himself over her and laid it down on her soaking wet clit. He slapped and teased her with it a couple of times, and as she moaned in playfully desperate protest, pulling back her thighs to open up for his manhood, he obligingly entered her perfect passage. She felt like a virgin to him as he entered, tight, resistant, then welcoming, the powerful muscles of her vagina sucking him in deeper as she stroked erogenous zones on his back that he never knew he had.
Miki couldn't take it anymore. All this fucking and not a single question so far?! All that planning and this fuckwit loses his marbles the minute an (admittedly) gorgeous woman spreads her legs for him. She wanted to storm out of the closet and slap him on his stupid idiot face, then punch the answers out of the dumb bitch that was responsible for his crumbling judgement. Instead, she slid her hand under her jeans shorts, slipped a finger inside her aching pussy, pumping herself in and out to the rhythm of James and Misty's fucking. She came in less than a minute, a wave of relief washing over her as her tension melted away from her touch.Shut your fucking mouth Miki.She was practiced at orgasming in silence, being too embarrassed to be heard by Gwen or her parents or neighbors on the select occasions she managed to find a worthy lover.
James finally opened his mouth. "Oh my god. Yes. God yes. Oh fuck... fuck..."
Not what Miki had in mind, but it was better than his mute act.
"Misty, you are so... amazing."
"Thank you James. You're pretty amazing yourself. I've already cum twice."
"Really? You don't have to pretend."
"I'm not. Once when I was sucking your gorgeous cock, then again just a little after you entered me, and... annnnddd.... NOWWWWWWWmmmmmm..."
Misty shook, tremors of climax convulsing through her as her canal gripped James so tightly he could barely move. And then he felt it, like a warm, thick summer shower but inside, on his desperate, throbbing cock. It was too much, her voice, her body, he wanted to melt into her, become one, and never leave. And then it came, or rather,hecame. He pulled out of her pussy and wildly sprayed his hot semen, rope after rope splashing over her tummy, then up to her breasts, and on her eager, upturned face. She put on a half smile, like she was happy to be defiled, his sperm striking her perfect features, sliding down her lewdly, leaving a shiny wet trail, then opened her mouth to catch the last few spurts of hot, salty liquid on her tongue. He marked her as his, even if only for a few minutes. Then he collapsed next to her, spent, exhausted, dumbstruck.
Miki felt a rage building inside of her. Was he ever going to ask her the fucking question? Hopefully his brain could re-engage now that he'd blown his wad on the hot little slut. God she looked so happy to be covered in his spew. Was that professional courtesy, or did she actually like being humiliated like that? Miki's eyes and mind were captured in Misty's perfect whore vortex, she had to force herself to snap out of it and will James into action.
Misty purred, "James, you were so wonderful, thank you."
"Misty, can I ask you something?" James sat up and drew his finger across her tummy.
"Anything, lover."
"Are you into threesomes? I've never had one before. I want you to be my first."
"Oh hell yes, I'd love to make that happen for you. Two guys or two girls?"
"Two girls. You and somebody... compatible. I have this picture in my mind of the perfect combination, you and her."
Miki almost sighed out loud in relief as the meat of the plan was finally coming to fruition.
"Describe her for me. I'll find your dream girl for you."
"Misty, you're my dream girl. She will be amazing, I know, but you are... my perfect woman. Five six or thereabouts, she's got dark blonde hair, like pretty olive skin with light brown, almost green eyes, a perky nose, luscious lips, and beautiful big tits, maybe just a tiny bit bigger than yours. I guess d-cups?" James wasn't really into big tits, but Misty's were super fun, and Gwen, well this was the goal. Get Misty to contact Gwen so she can come home to Miki.
"She sounds gorgeous, and I think I know just the girl."
"Please, can we make this happen soon? You just gave me the best night of my life. Now I'm addicted and it's all your fault." James pouted a little hoping for playful emphasis.
"I'm so sorry." She didn't look sorry at all.
Miki wanted to throw up. James was laying it on a way too thick. 'Best night of his life?!' Misty was a prostitute, but she was definitely not stupid, she was playing James like a master and was going to see through his bullshit act any minute now. And really, best night? Misty wasn'tthatgreat...
Misty seductively slid her index finger between her cum slicked lips and furrowed her brow as though she were calculating the infamous three body problem (notthatkind of three bodies). "I think I can arrange something by tomorrow. We'll have to see. I haven't seen the girl I'm thinking of in a few days, but Honey is always up for threesomes, the more the merrier.
Miki's heart dropped into her stomach. Honey was the name of Gwen's first pet, a gorgeous little tabby girl who grew into a feral beast that lived to shred Miki's forearms. Just like Gwen to go with a TikTok porn name generator for something like this.
James brushed Misty's shoulder affectionately. "That sounds great. Please lets do this as soon as possible." Then he got up and walked to the bathroom just past the kitchen, returning with a pair of clean towels.
"This is going to be great, James." He handed her the towel, and she wiped herself clean. "I'll contact you tomorrow on the email address you signed up to our site with." Suddenly she was all business. Time is money, and Misty's college loans weren't going to get paid off early by burning up valuable time with infatuated clients. She collected her clothes, well the one item anyway, went into the bathroom to wash and dress quickly, then headed for the front door. "Have a wonderful sleep, I know I will, lover."
"See you tomorrow, Misty. Be safe."
"Always." She blew a kiss and left James' apartment.
Miki burst out of the closet. Her face was red, her hair more tousled that usual, and her crotch... well there was a little wet spot that she really hoped he wouldn't notice. "Not a porn star, huh?"
James had completely forgotten about Miki in the closet, watching them like some kind of pervert private dick, and was startled by her lively entrance. "I didn't hate it." He blushed for the nineteenth time of the evening, and grinned stupidly.
"I thought you were going to blow it and then you nailed it."
"With any luck, Honey will call tomorrow and it'll be Gwen."
"I hope so." But Miki had a nagging suspicion it was not going to be that easy.