Katie's predicament was drawing more and more attention from the rest of the office. Her desk and stool had her perched higher than the rest of the office area, and with her feet in the foot rests her legs were spread wide open and nobody could miss the fact that the beautiful young women was in a high state of arousal.
During the various conversations that Mr. Oldham had held with the old man, it had been agreed that it would be wise to keep Katie in a 'high' state of arousal and so they had placed a water cooler next to her desk. Unbeknown to Katie the water in the cooler had been dosed with even more of the same powerful aphrodisiac that the old man had given her the day and night before.
After the earlier invasion of Matt's fingers, her slit was still glistening and with the two pebbles pushing against her holes and the clit ring firmly in place there was no come down from her orgasmic heights. Feeling flustered and increasing hot, Katie had drunk a generous amount of the 'special' water. Her arousal was not simply being maintained, it was growing.
A number of the other men in the office had approached Kate during the day and engaged in idle chat whilst feasting on the image before them. Spurred on by Matt's approach, one of them had been bold enough to get close enough to slide a hand under her blouse and in doing so had undone the one single button. For the few minutes that he had stood groping her chest, Katie had put up no resistance, she was lost in a daze and was lavishing in the new feelings that she had only recently discovered.
As the man removed his hand Katie had reached up to fasten her open blouse but the man had barked at her, telling her that she was to leave it undone. Trembling with fear, and with a little 'surprising' excitement, Katie had left her blouse open and in doing so had presented the office with an unobstructed view of her magnificent breasts and her fully erect nipples and shining adornments.
Knowing that her co-workers could see her exposure only provided to heighten her arousal. She had sat 'topless' for a good hour before Mr. Oldham had ventured out of his office and passed her desk. He had told her that although she may feel it appropriate, he thought that she should probably cover up and told her that her personal interest in exposing her body should perhaps be contained a little, at least whilst at work!
Katie had begun to try and explain, but Mr. Oldham had dismissed her comments away. Sitting in his office for most of the day he had watched the young women struggle to contain her arousal and to fight her with constant state of near undress. He had decided to play the firm, but fair, manager and to stamp his authority on the girl. He hoped, perhaps knew, that it would serve him well as things progressed. His only challenge now was to maintain this same level of authority whilst at every second wanting to reach out and touch Katie's bare flesh.
Katie's head was spinning, she desperately wanted to please her boss and she was mortified that he could think that she would want to act in such a way, certainly without being pushed to do so. Over and over she reassured herself that this was not her and that her situation and her actions so far were because of others, weren't they!?
At around midday Mr. Oldham told Katie that she should take break and get some lunch. The offices had a canteen onsite and so she made her way through the lab's and after grabbing salad a drink she took a seat at a table toward the back of the room. After a few minutes Matt appeared in the canteen and made his way straight over to her.
His first words were to remind her that she needed to dress for fun on their date that night, but he then moved the conversation to her, the job her work and then to her body and her earlier behaviour. Katie was trembling from the moment Matt had walked over and with the conversation now on the events of earlier her arousal was spiking and she could feel the heat building between her legs.
Matt had taken the seat next to her and, as before in the office, he had placed one hand at the top of her thigh and reached behind her with the other. Within just a few moments Katie could feel his fingers expertly rubbing her pussy. All the while Matt had kept talking, complimenting her about her looks, her body and the way she responded. Given how little she was wearing, and had worn the day before, she found it a little funny when he said that he thought she should perhaps dress a little more provocatively, and show the office just how amazing she was. Before she knew it, Matt had rolled the top of Katie's skirt down, first folding it over once and then after a slight pause, he rolled it down a second time. It had only been 20cm long to begin with and now when she stood, it would be no more than 13 or 14cm. She was amazed at how bold Matt was being given that they were sat in the canteen with people at the other tables just a few feet away. The only saving grace was that she had sat at a table at the back of the room so most everyone else was sat in front and facing away (apart from when they stole a glance).
When he had finished with her skirt Matt had resumed his efforts, and was gently stroking Katie's now sodden pussy. Katie had long since given up trying to speak and was biting her lip as her arousal began to peak. Within seconds she came, the orgasm that hit washed over her as it released the building sensations she'd been experiencing for the entire morning. Her body had shuddered and tensed and the relaxed to the point that she had ended up leaning on to the table, her breasts trapped beneath her and with her arms partly outstretched. Whether Matt had a plan when he had first sat down wasn't clear but with Katie in such a vulnerable position he resumed his work on her clothing.
Katie's head was spinning again and when Matt took her hands and pulled her to her feet she felt like she might faint. Matt had taken a step back and was admiring his work. With the top of the skirt rolled down, the top of Katie's pussy and her erect clit and clit ring were there for all to see. The movement off being collapsed on the table and then standing had resulted in one breast already moving from under the tailored panels of the blouse and in to full view. Stepping forward, and with a polite gesture, Matt lifted his hand to her exposed nipple, tweaked it for good measure and then pulled the blouse back over it. With that final act, Matt kissed Katie and then walked away leaving her stood in the canteen with her pussy on view to the room. With her head still spinning she cleared her lunch away and went back to her desk. With the skirt now barely there, the rest of the canteen were given an almost unobstructed view of her ass as it swayed past them and back toward the offices.
Apart from the odd visit and grope from one or two of the more timid of the lab assistants, the afternoon had been relatively quiet. At 5:00pm Mr. Oldham called Katie in to her office and told her that she could go, but that he wanted to see her take her new role more seriously tomorrow and that she perhaps needed to give some thought to her attitude and behaviour.
As she left the office she could her his words repeating over and over and by the time she reached the front desk at reception she was resolute that she could show Mr. Oldham and the rest of the office that she had what it took to succeed in the role. She found herself almost saying out loud that she would do anything and everything to make sure that everyone was pleased with her performance.
As Katie left the reception area she was called back by one of the security guards. He'd heard all about the new young women working in the offices but being stationed at the front of the building all day he'd not had the chance to see what the fuss was about. He'd watched her walk past and marvelled at her largely exposed breasts, but was mesmerised by her skirt which after Matt's 'tailoring' was hiding very little. With her mind so focused on her thoughts Katie hadn't heard the security guard and continued toward the door. The guard was not as timid as most of the men in the office and labs and quickly made his way over and grabbed her by the arm.
Katie was instantly shocked by the sudden contact and tried to wrench free from the guard's grip. Unfortunately, her efforts were in vain and all she managed to do was twist her body and expose her boobs to the guard as they slid out from under the limited cover of the blouse and in to full view. She tried to reach up and cover herself but the guard was having none of it and marched her to an office behind the reception area.
The guard pushed Katie in to a chair and then shut the office door. She immediately took the chance to cover her boobs whilst for the next few minutes the guard explained that all new employees are required to attend the security office on their first day for in order for the 'security' protocols to be explained. This of course wasn't a strict requirement, but by this stage he had Katie almost shaking with fear, and so he pressed on with his charade.
Katie was trying to pay attention but her mind kept running to her new job, her boss and the promise she had made to herself. She 'must' do what it takes to make the job a success.
After a few more seconds of the guard speaking Katie was suddenly shocked back in to reality by the mention of a 'search'. The guard asked Katie to stand, which she did without question. He then walked to stand behind her and asked her to raise her arms over her head. Katie was determined not to give Mr. Oldham another reason to doubt her commitment and so did as the guard asked. She immediately realised her predicament. With her arms raised, the blouse was lifted higher up her body and up and over each of her huge breasts. The guard wasted no time in exploiting the situation further and grabbing the blouse he lifted it swiftly up and over Katie's head and raised arms.
Out of shock, and misplaced determination, Katie stood motionless with her arms still raised. Without delay the guard dropped her blouse on the floor and quickly unbuttoned the one button on her skirt which he then also dropped to the floor. Apart from her heels and chains, Katie was now stood naked in front of a complete stranger.
The guard walked to stand in front of Katie. Since he had begun to disrobe her he hadn't said a word and he stood silently whilst looking her up and down, his eyes pausing on her breasts and then on her pussy and her chain and then back to her erect nipples and adornments. Still without a word, he reached out and put a hand on Katie's shoulder and pushed her down to her knees. From her recent encounters on the bus, and with the taxi driver, she was already guessing what would likely now happen, she was not wrong!
The guard unzipped his pants and pulled out his already fully erect cock. Without comment he grabbed the young woman's head and pushed his cock in to her mouth. Without hesitation Katie reached up and began to stroke his cock back and forth whilst sucking greedily on the head. Her mind was gone, she was overcome, her arousal had taken control. In her submissive state she was craving more. The guard drove his cock deeper in to her mouth, the young women was now taking its full length in to her mouth and throat and was bobbing her head back and forth at speed. The guard had still not said a word, he was now simply looking down at Katie watching his cock disappear in and out of her mouth. He was quickly starting to feel the effects of the stunning women's efforts and rocked back against the desk. Katie's head followed him not once leaving his cock. Without realising it, Katie had dropped a hand to her soaking wet pussy and was furiously pushing 2, then 3, fingers deep inside. Within seconds she was beginning to tremble and as the flood of another orgasm began to hit, the guard groaned and unleashed a torrent of cum in to her mouth. Despite gasping from her own orgasm, Katie took the stream of cum, the thick flow soon filled her mouth and she swallowed it acceptingly. The guards cock spurted for a second and third time and each time Katie swallowed. As the cock began to soften Katie found herself licking it clean, she hadn't missed a drop, in fact again she had found herself craving more!
The guard was leaning heavily against the desk, watching the amazing sight of the gorgeous you women who had just swallowed his load and was now licking him clean. He gained his senses for a second and pulled his cock from her mouth and pushed it back in his pants. Still without a word, he turned and walked toward the door. Katie heard the door click shut behind her. She was still kneeling on the floor with one hand between her legs rubbing her soaking pussy.
What was happening to her, she had just swallowed the cum of a stranger and had her own intense orgasm whilst doing it. She hadn't been afraid or concerned and she hadn't tried to struggle, in fact she had welcomed it and had actually taken some level of control! However, more confusing to her was the fact that her arousal had not diminished, in fact she could feel it quickly building once more.
She reluctantly pulled her hand from between her legs and picked up her blouse and skirt. As she wrapped the small skirt around her and buttoned it she noticed that that wide gap below the single button was now positioned in front and not on her hip as it had been. She reached to pull it around and then stopped. When positioned on her hip the gap in the skirt had exposed most all of her thigh, positioned in front it provided a wide-open triangle that exposed her pussy, the chain and her clit jewellery. Her hand dropped back to her pussy and began to slowly rub, she was on fire, she needed more. The thrill of having her pussy on view was exhilarating and it was pushing her arousal further. Rather than try and protect her modesty she found herself rolling down the top of skirt just as Matt had done, but this time rather than just twice, she repeated it three then four times. What she was left with was little more than a belt of lace just 5 or 6cm wide. She adjusted the lace across the centre of her ass and made sure that the widened gap was positioned in front. With the waist rolled down so much, in front the material simply stopped in the middle of each thigh, the gap was now framing, and exposing, her pussy perfectly.
Katie's mind was racing. She thought back to the day before, how she had been exposed as her clothes had slowly fallen apart and found herself giggling. Yesterday she had been desperately trying to keep herself covered and now here she was deliberately adjusting her clothes to expose herself.
With her mind whirling with erotic thoughts, what surprised her a little wasn't that she had forgotten about what had just happened with the guard, but the fact that she had enjoyed it and was wanting more.
She looked at her blouse, an already risqu� piece of clothing, just two thin panels in the front, no sides and almost entirely backless. Putting it on, she smoothed her hands down over her breasts and without thinking she pulled on the single button. It didn't take much effort and the button tore away. The short narrow triangular shaped panels now simply hung over her huge breasts and away from her body. She grabbed the bottom of each and tied the ends very loosely together in a small bow just below her breasts. The new 'fitting' pulled the panels inwards from the outside of each breast as well as allowing it to gape open in the centre. She pulled the bow a little tighter and it tightened snuggly, it was now almost hidden from view under her impressive breasts. The whole outer portion of each breast was now completely exposed as was her entire cleavage, only her erect nipples were covered (barely). For a brief moment she stood and admired her work, and then with a purpose she hadn't before known, she turned and walked out of the security office.
The security guard was back at his post as Katie walked passed. He was fearing the worse as she walked passed, but Katie simply smiled, blew him a kiss and walked out of the main entrance.
The old man's store was a 10-minute walk from the office and Katie bounced along feeling liberated by her new-found boldness. The streets were pretty busy and there were plenty of stares and comments from passers-by. One group of school boys couldn't believe what they were seeing. They were blown away by the sight of the stunning girl and grabbed their phones to take as many photos as possible. It wasn't a case of catching a glimpse of naked flesh, Katie's bouncing walk was revealing everything to everyone. The insanely short lace skirt was opened fully in front and was providing a clear view of her pussy, and in back the narrow band of lace was showing almost all of her ass. With the bounce in her step, the newly tied bow of the blouse had loosened significantly and the two narrow panels of the blouse were now gathering toward the middle of her chest to leave her breasts and erect pink nipples fully exposed.
Katie's arousal was almost at fever pitch with excitement and without thinking she stopped and turned to the boys. There were 4 of them, perhaps 17 or 18 years of age. She asked them if they wanted to see more, but then without waiting for replies she turned and walked down a narrow pathway that ran off the main street.
She could feel her excitement pulsing through her body and after walking for just a few seconds she stopped again, turned and dropped to her knees. Within just a few more seconds the 4 boys were stood around her and were already playing with her breasts. The thrill of the situation had Katie shuddering almost immediately as her first orgasm hit and with her mouth open gasping for air it didn't take an invitation for one boys to push his cock in to her mouth. Katie was quick to start pumping the cock with one hand as she swallowed it deep in and out of her throat, and with the other she found a second cock waiting to be stroked.
One other boy made his way behind Katie and knelt up against her so that she could feel his free hard cock against her ass. His hands had reached under her short skirt and found their way to her pussy. They stopped briefly as they encountered the pebble at the entrance of her pussy, but then continued and easily pulled it to one side. Katie was knelt with one cock in her mouth, one in her hand and then without delay she found herself with a third pushing its way in to her cunt. She exploded with a second orgasm, and then immediately she came again.
The fourth of the boys couldn't see a way to get involved and so Katie soon found herself sucking and stroking three cocks. They were relentless, they kept up their pace and the boy pounding her pussy didn't appear that he would be slowing down anytime soon. After five minutes Katie found herself being pushed backwards and the cock in her pussy sprang free. The boys were all determined to savour her further and wanted more access. She was now laying on top of one boy with her legs spread wide and with two others crouched around her face as she continued to suck and pump their cocks. Katie's pussy has soaking and so although it was a surprise when the cock under her pushed at the entrance of her asshole, it was wet enough to allow it to enter. Although tight, there was no real resistance and she was immediately impaled on a hard cock. Seconds later she felt the fourth boy's cock at her pussy and he wasted no time pushing it all the way in.
The two cocks began to pound her holes whilst she sucked and pumped the other two cocks. Her mind was a complete blur. She was lost in a world of her own lust, she was on her back in a side street, she had one cock in her ass, one in her pussy and was sucking and pumping two others. Momentarily she managed to gain some sense of her surroundings as the boys switched positons, but otherwise she was completely lost as orgasm after orgasm hit.
Without warning the boys pushed her back to her knees and gathered in front of her. With her mouth open the boys began to shoot stream after stream of hot cum at her mouth face and chest. She was greedily gulping down as much as she could but with so much to contend with her face and upper body was soon covered. As the boys finished draining their cocks, Katie was already scooping the cum from her body and licking her fingers hastily. The whole thing only lasted only 10 minutes but for Katie it could have been hours.
Without any warning the boys gathered their belongings and were soon gone, laughing and high fiving each other as they ran down the pathway. She didn't know how long she had been on her knees scooping the cum in to her mouth but the frenzied session had left her momentarily exhausted. After a few moments she managed to get to her feet and to get her bearings. She was only metres from the main road. How had they not been seen!
She slowly started to smooth out her blouse but it was soaked with cum and completely transparent and so she simply pulled it off completely and put it in her bag. It was only a few hundred metres to the old man's shop and from the admiring stares she had received earlier she was sure that nobody would mind her being topless! Her skirt had been exposing her pussy since she had left the office and so she didn't really now care what state it was in, which was probably just as well as the frenzy on the floor had left it ripped and hardly covering anything
Mr. Oldham had called ahead and so the old man was expecting Katie to stop by in order to be fitted for her night out with Matt. As she walked in to the store, apart from being almost entirely naked, he could see that, something was different. Although dishevelled, she was holding herself with more purpose and seemed not to care about her state of near undress.
Katie walked straight over the old man and gave him a hug. He could immediately smell the cum and sex. He could see that her mood was such that he likely wouldn't need to give her quite so much assistance with the aphrodisiacs as he had done earlier, but on quick reflection he decided that a little help wouldn't be such a bad thing. His conversation with Katie lasted only a few minutes, he didn't want to hear about her walk to his store and so he had her explain her date with Matt and the need to dress 'for fun'. The old man explained that he could probably help and that she should perhaps take a quick shower before getting dressed. In the back of the store the old man had fitted the changing area with a shower. Over the years he had spent so much time working that it allowed him to live and work at the store without much inconvenience. Katie stripped out of her clothes and wasted no time jumping in to the shower. The hot water immediately began to refresh her and she began to liberally soap her body and let the water pour over her.
After twenty minutes or so the old man called for her to back to the changing area and so she towelled off and walked back to the other room, naked except for the silver chains and her nipple and clit rings.
The old man had given some thought over what exactly 'dressing for fun' could mean. Given this was now a very 'liberated' girl that would be wearing the clothes he decided that he could add an element of elegance to her wardrobe without losing the 'fun' aspect.
Katie was stood in the middle of the changing area when the old man approached her with an arm full of material. He put the various garments on his work bench and handed her a pair of 5 inch white heels which she quickly stepped in to. Her legs seemed to go on forever, the heels shaping her legs and extenuating her already impressive curves even more.
The old man had been so impressed with Katie's shredded blouse that he had decided to go with something similar for part of her first 'costume'. The top was a long rectangle of tissue thin sheer white silk. It was about 100cm long and 15cm wide. He gathered the material and pulled it around her neck. From around her neck it hung down like a scarf with the two separate lengths hanging down over each breast. Adjusting the material to equal lengths the old man picked up a thin ribbon of the same material but in pink. This piece was just 40cm long and 1cm wide. He passed one end around the small of her back and held it in front over the top two lengths of material that hung just below each breast. He quickly tied the thin ribbon in a small bow just above her navel. One small tug and the bow and ribbon would be gone!
The white opaque material was pulled tighter with the ribbon in place and moulded itself to her breasts. The effect was to leave Katie with a naked valley of cleavage which only further exaggerated enormous breasts. The sheer material offered little cover and the deep pink of her aureole and nipples were plainly visible and the eye was drawn straight to them as her achingly erect nipples and the two silver rings pushed out against the thin cover.
Apart from the thin pink ribbon, Katie's back was completely bare as were her sides. Facing the 3 mirrors she twisted her torso slightly and was relieved to see that her 'top' stayed in place. What did worry her slightly was that although covered, her breasts were unhampered and they gently swayed and bounced as she moved. The erotic sensation was not lost on her and, if it was possible, her nipples had grown more erect and formed unbelievable peaks in the thin silk.
Katie's anticipation of what the rest of the clothing might look like didn't last much longer. The old man asked her to remove her shoes, which she did without question. He then asked her to place her right leg in to the leg of what looked to Katie like a pair of white silk leggings. The material was the same as her top and so she was careful not to tear it as she slid her foot and then calf in to the hole that was held open by the old man. The material wasn't completely sheer but as her leg began to stretch it, it appeared to be no thicker than tissue paper. Katie raised her left foot expecting the old man to slip the left leg over her foot but oddly the old man gestured for her to lower her foot and continued to lift the material up her right leg to the top of her thigh before placing her feet back in to the heels. Once smoothed it out the material hugged the contours of her leg like a second skin. Katie was left stunned, there was no left leg to the leggings! The old man walked behind Katie and gently pulled the material on her right leg up the lower third of her right ass cheek. It stopped there, a horizontal triangle of material covered just a small portion of her right ass cheek, the left cheek remained completely naked. The old man stepped back to review his work, he then reached around to the front of her right thigh and unfolded the remainder of the material. He pulled it up over her pussy, lightly brushing it as he did. Katie let out a soft moan as his hand brushed against her. Her skin felt like it was on fire.
The design of the leggings was almost the same in front as in back. In front the material rose up from her right leg, it covered her pussy (just barely). There was no material over her left side, her pelvic and groin area were completely naked, as was her entire left leg, left side and left ass cheek. The old man had initially struggled with how he would keep the single leg of the thin silk from slipping down but then realised that he could use the silver chain that hung below her hips. The single silk leg had 3 hooks sewn on the inside, one in the front top corner, one in the middle at the top of her right thigh and one on the top back corner of the triangle that was covering a small area at the bottom of her right ass cheek. Each hook had a short 5 cm chain attached. He took hold of each and hooked them on to the chain that hung below her hips. With everything now in place the top of the legging now hung low, very low, way below her hip line. The triangular panel in front barely covered the top of her slit, her little tuft of hair was left peeping over the top, her erect clit and silver ring poking clearly through. In back, it now hung so low that less than 20 percent of her right ass cheek was covered.
Katie looked at herself in the mirrors. He right leg was covered by the sheer silk but her right side was naked from 10 cm below the hip. As she continued to review her outfit she noticed that without anything to hinder the view her breasts jutted out in an extreme profile with the silk scarf top moulded across them. The pink ribbon around her waist was folded over and now barely visible.
Katie turned to view her left side. She gasped at the sight she found. She was naked, the only cover she could see on her body was over her left breast, with its magnificent profile straining against the thin and narrow material. She glanced over her shoulder to check the view from behind. One covered leg and a sliver of an ass cheek covering was all there was to check. Her fascination with her outfit was becoming extreme and she turned quickly to check how she looked from the front.
With the sheen from the silk, her breasts looked like they were positively glowing. Her vast cleavage was on full display all the way to the ribbon, below which there was nothing until the top edge of the legging. The sides of each breast were completely bare, she had thought her old blouse was revealing but this was something else! Her gaze dropped to her pussy. Becaues of its horizontal triangular design and the angle at which it was cut, the centre of her pussy was was covered, but the lower part of her slit was exposed. The swollen outer mound of her pussy could easily be seen as could the lower part of her slit and pussy lips. In the edges of the seams the old man had stitched a thicker edge so that it didn't completely fall away from her body. Although held in place by the chains, looking down she noticed that there was some slack. With each step it allowed a glimpse down past her tuft of hair and to her swollen clit and pussy which was threatening to slide out in to full view. She took another step forward and began to walk in small circles. She almost breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that her clit remained covered, but she would have to quickly get used to having the edge of her swollen pussy mound on full view as well as half of her slit and pussy. Checking her outfit again as she walked, she was left breathless as she watched her naked ass cheeks sway in time with her breasts as she moved gingerly on her heels. Her near naked body appeared to be in constant motion. She also noticed that the swaying of her breasts was pulling on the material draped over them and it was pulling a little looser from the anchor of the tied pink ribbon. She could see that with the 'top' looser than when it was first tied, it had gathered slightly across the centre of each breast, narrowing the cover it provided. The inner and outer edges of each aureole could now be seen as they worked their way in to view. After a few more steps she noticed, with relief, that the pulling had stopped as the material had settled in to place and was now moving with her body. She could still glimpse the edges of each aureole, but at least her nipples were covered but sticking prominently out through the silk, they wouldn't go unnoticed and she would definitely need to keep checking her top in case it moved further.
The old man had been watching her every move and walked over to the mesmerised Katie. He handed her a glass of water which she drank thirstily. He was determined to keep Katie in a state of arousal and so had dosed the water with more of the powerful aphrodisiac. Katie didn't need anything more to heighten her arousal but within a few minutes her body was aching for somebody's touch, any touch!
The old man checked his watch and decided that he had time for one or two last additions to her outfit.
Katie was so lost in her arousals that she hadn't noticed that the old man had left the room and returned carrying his small wooden box. He knelt at Katie's side, opened the box and began to sort through the contents to find what he was looking for. When he was happy with his choice he reached behind Katie and unclipped the chain that ran between her legs. With the release of pressure on her pussy and ass hole Katie let a disappointed sigh but she didn't have to wait long before the pressure returned. The old man had pulled a metallic butt plug from the box. It was 5 inches long and 2 inches at its widest point. He carefully covered the end of the dildo in a clear gel and then rested it against the pebble that had sat pressed against the girl's ass hole. He flipped open the catch on the pebble to reveal a small clip to which he attached the base of the plug. Before Katie could work out what was happening she felt a pressure between her legs.
Her mind was again racing. She hadn't ever had anything or anyone invade her asshole, and now, having earlier had 4 teen cocks in her ass she now was letting an old man push 'something' in to it. Slowly, but firmly, the old man pushed the dildo against her hole. Although a tight fit, after a few attempts and a little more gel, it slid smoothly in. As soon as it was fully embedded, and with the pebble firmly lodged in the entrance to her ass hole, he quickly pulled the chain tight a re-clipped it to the back of the hip chain.
Katie was gasping loudly. The dildo was tipping her over the edge within seconds she climaxed immediately and collapsed to her knees.
The old man reached back in to the box and lifted out another chain. This one was 20cm long and had clips at either end. Her helped the young girl from her knees and although still shaking she managed to stand upright. The old man pulled her top away from her breasts letting it fall to each side. He gently tweaked each nipple and slowly began to manipulate the rings that were firmly anchored in place. He gathered the chain and opened the clip on one end. The clip was a small hoop which sprang open to almost double its diameter. He gently hooked the clip to the ring and pushed it back and snug to the base. Katie's unsteady legs were starting to wobble from the electricity she could feel through her erect nipple. The old man steadied her with his free hand and then without a fuss he flicked the catch on the clip and it closed tightly and then quickly did the same with the other nipple.
Katie was almost lost in her arousal, so much so that the old man had to grab her by the waist the stop her from slumping to her knees. After a minute he steady the girl and pulled her flimsy top back in to place The nipple chain hung clearly across her vast cleavage and the sliver nipple clips could easily be seen through the thin fabric, as could her achingly erect nipples that stood proudly erect and appeared likely to rip free and through the top.
Standing back to admire his work, the old man decided that the outfit was complete, he felt pretty confident that it would inspire 'fun', it may not stay on for long, but it would inspire fun!