Shared with a Friend
After the hotel bar adventure, I couldn't stop thinking about my wife exposing herself. My cock was constantly getting hard wondering when it would happen again. We talked about various possibilities, making up our own fantasies. It would always end the same way with us fucking each other's brains out.
One day I was at work when Jen's number popped up on my cell phone. I answered, and she excitedly said, "You aren't going to believe what just happened!" I felt a stir in my pants as I quickly anticipated it might be another one of her 'encounters'.
"Dee stopped over this morning and I caught her masturbating on video!"
Dee was Jen's best friend and our next-door neighbor. Dee was also married to Jeff, my so-called buddy who had been spying on Jen through our back window.
"What?!" was all I could muster, my mind racing in a thousand directions at once.
Jen then said she would tell me all about it when I got home. I immediately took the rest of the day off and drove home. Once inside the house, Jen waved me over to the couch, pulled the video up on her iPad and pushed 'play'. She then started telling me what had happened while the action played out on the screen.
Dee had stopped over unannounced. Jen was in the middle of an intense masturbation session when the doorbell rang. She tried to finish the deed, but the bell rang again, and she lost her concentration. Frustrated, she pulled her skirt down and adjusted her blouse before answering the door.
As soon as she opened the door, Dee noticed how flushed Jen's cheeks were. "You okay?" she asked as she put her hand to Jen's forehead. "You don't have a fever, but your face sure is red."
As Jen invited her inside, she giggled and confessed to her friend that she had been masturbating. Dee looked at Jen for a second, then they both busted out laughing. "Well I hope I didn't come at a bad time." Dee giggled. "Actually..." was all Jen said as they walked into the house and sat down on the couch. There wasn't much these two girls didn't share with each other and their sharing was about to get even deeper.
"Let me ask you something" Jen said. "Do you ever fantasize about being watched when you play with yourself?"
Dee sat there for second, then said "Of course. But I could never actually do it! Why do you ask?"
Jen then proceeded to tell her about the drive home from Galveston when she put on a show for the guys in the adjacent truck. Apparently getting into much more detail than she had provided me in her texts.
"Dee, when I know there is even a chance that someone is watching me, my orgasm goes to a whole new level." She confessed.
"Really?!" Dee asked as her eyes widened.
"Take your best orgasm ever and multiply it by ten. I'm not exaggerating."
Jen then explained to her how she regularly masturbates on the couch right there in front of the window, imagining that someone is in the woods watching. She then told Dee she should try it for herself.
"I don't know..." she said as her own face became flush and her nipples became visible through her tank top. She was clearly turned on to the idea but taking that leap would be tough.
Jen got up from the couch and reached into the draw of the coffee table taking out her big purple dildo. She then took a wet wipe and thoroughly cleaned it. "Jen's little helper!" she giggled before dropping it on the seat cushion next to Dee, announcing she was going for a walk and would be back in fifteen minutes, then turned and walked out the front door.
Jen immediately ran around to the back of the house and positioned herself on the back porch where Jeff had hidden during his own video sessions. She pressed the record button on her iPad, then waited.
At first, Dee just sat there on the couch, alternating looks between the big rubber dick and the window. She carefully scanned the woods to see if anyone was moving around out there. Then she slowly moved her left hand up to her hard nipple and lightly caressed it, sending obvious shivers through her body. Jen knew exactly what Dee was feeling at that moment. A mixture of fear and excitement at possibly being watched, and a huge rush of pleasure as her body became acutely sensitive to her touch.
Dee noticed her own reflection in the picture window and became transfixed on watching herself. She couldn't believe it was her doing this and was soon rubbing both her tits through the cotton fabric of the tank top. Soon, she pulled her shirt up over her head, then undid the front clasp of her bra, discarding both items to the side. Her huge tits were free. 'Damn she has a nice body!' I thought to myself.
She unbuttoned her shorts and yanked the zipper down. Then she hooked both thumbs into her waist line, lifted her hips slightly and peeled her shorts and panties off in one motion, tossing them on top her shirt and bra. Dee was now completely naked!
Her left hand returned to her tits as her right hand touched the outer folds of her pussy for the first time. You could see clearly in the video her body tremor as she gently touched her clit. Working a finger into her hole, her pace began to quicken as she continued to stare intensely at her reflection.
She looked over at the big dildo sitting next to her and picked it up, examining it closely. She then moved it to the opening of her pussy, letting the giant head disappear inside. She held it there for a moment, then pushed another inch into herself. Her cunt eagerly took it in as her head fell back against the couch. Eyes closed, she rocked forward to take more of the massive prick. Once it had disappeared completely, Dee slowly rolled to the side until she was laying down flat on the couch with her legs raised and bent 90 degrees.
Jen had the same perfect angle of view which Jeff had enjoyed a couple of weeks ago. You could clearly see the dildo embedded in Dee's hole as she started working it in and out, making sure to rake it across her clit with just the right amount of pressure.
Holy crap! I thought to myself as my cock was rock hard and straining in my pants. Jen noticed and handed me the iPad to hold. She then undid my pants and pulled them to my ankles. My hard on leaped out. Jen then got on her knees in front of me and began giving me a slow blow job.
On the screen, Dee obviously no longer cared if anyone was watching from outside. She had quickened her pace and was now shoving the dildo into her pussy with a real sense of urgency. She squeezed her upper arms inward, mashing he tits together sending pleasure through her entire body.
Her finger found the vibration control and she pushed the button. Her hand became a blur as she rammed the cock home, her body bouncing up and down on the couch to meet each thrust.
Jen was also going wild on my cock as she jerked and sucked my meat while cupping and lightly squeezing my balls.
Dee hit the pulse button on the vibrator, which simulates a cock when it blows its load. At that exact moment, her orgasm hit her like a truck and she arched her back off the couch and drove the dildo to the hilt. Holding her hips high in the air, she came in waves of orgasm!
My balls let loose and began shooting wads of cum. Jen eagerly sucked and jacked my cock as I flooded her mouth with my hot spunk, my eyes glued to the iPad as Dee bucked away on the dildo.
I blew the last of my wad just as Dee settled her hips back to the couch and slowly withdrew the dildo from her sopping pussy.
The video continued until Dee had wiped down and dressed.
Jen then told me how she came back into the house to find Dee with a big sheepish smile on her face. "How'd it go?" Jen asked. Dee then proceeded to spill her guts about what a turn on it was to be in front of the window where someone could have been watching. Jen laughed then played the video. Dee was mesmerized by the sight of herself masturbating. "Oh my god!" was all she could muster as she stared at the screen. Once it was over, she looked at Jen, who asked, "What do you think?".
"That is the craziest thing I've ever done! Send me that video!"
A week passed before Jen heard anything from Dee. Then last Monday, Jen's phone pinged as Dee's name popped onto her screen. 'Are you home alone? I need to show you something!' the text read.
'Yes. Come on over.' Jen replied.
Seconds later the doorbell rang, and Dee practically barged inside as Jen opened the door.
"Wait until you see this!" she said in an excited voice. "I couldn't stop thinking about your 'encounter' with that truck while driving back from Galveston. I guess you could say it was inspiring!"
They both sat down on the couch as Dee pulled her phone out and called up a video. It began with the phone moving inside a car until it was placed on the armrest of the front passenger door. You could then see it was pointed directly at Dee, who was behind the steering wheel. She looked into the rearview mirror then over to both side view mirrors. She did this several times, obviously checking to make sure no one was around. Then she put both hands on her breasts and started fondling her tits. She did this for several seconds before checking the mirrors again. Satisfied no one was around, she pulled her shirt and bra directly over her head and dropped them on the floorboard.
Dee again scanned the mirrors, then grabbed the waistband of her shorts and panties and peeled them down and off her ankles, depositing them with the other clothes on the floor board. She was now completely nude! After another check of the mirrors, she again cupped her left breast as she slowly started massaging her pussy. Her head went back against the head rest as she reclined the seat and raised her left foot to the dashboard. Her ass began wiggling as her finger stroked her clit. Soon her right foot went to the dashboard on the opposite side of the steering wheel.
Just as she started to get into a rhythm, an image appeared through the driver's side window. Clearly, someone had walked up to the car and was now standing directly outside looking down at Dee. She glanced up and froze for several seconds, apparently trying to decide what to do. Then, as if no one was there, she continued massaging her tits and fingering her pussy. Dee was looking up at the audience as she rubbed her clit, moaning loudly as her excitement grew with each stroke.
Soon she was bucking furiously as she pushed against the dashboard, lifting her ass off the seat to meet her fingers. "Oh yes! Oh yes!" she screamed over and over as her orgasm hit, intensified by the knowledge she was being watched. She arched her back and came all over her fingers as her body spasmed out of control. She continued milking her orgasm until her hips finally settled back down into the seat. After taking a few seconds to catch her breath, she smiled up at the viewer, started the car and drove off. Undoubtedly leaving the stranger with a wild memory and a hard cock.
A minute or so later, Dee stopped the car. Realizing the video was still recording, she reached over and picked up the phone. Wearing nothing but a huge smile, Dee looked into the camera and said, "That was crazy!" as she clicked off the recording.
Dee pushed 'stop' on her phone then looked at Jen. They stared at each other for a second, then busted up laughing. "That guy must have thought he died and went to heaven!" Jen said. "I know right? And to top it off, I recognized the guy! It was David from your office!" Dee laughed.
"Holy shit!" Jen said as her mouth fell open. "Did he recognize you?"
"I think so, but honestly it made me cum harder than I've ever cum in my life!" Dee confessed.
"After I left that parking lot, I went straight home and screwed Jeff's brains out. I've never been hornier in my life! He wanted to know what came over me, so I took a chance and showed him the video you took of me last week. His mouth dropped open as if he couldn't believe it, but his cock was hard, so we went at it again!"
"What is it about being watched?" Dee asked.
"I don't know, but I think we both have a new hobby!" said Jen as they both laughed.