Here's the sequel to the five-part story "Phone Call From the Nude Beach". That story ended with Elizabeth (nameless until now) waiting for her husband to join her at a beach in Florida, where she's enjoying her new-found exhibitionism. He'd previously bugged her incessantly to display herself and now that she was finally doing it, he was missing out, stuck back home up north. He finally got a flight so he can join her, but just before he got to the beach, she arranged with several other nude women to lie back, cover their faces, and see if hubby could choose which pussy was hers. He got it wrong! For licking the pussy of the wrong woman, Elizabeth is getting even by dictating the terms: from now on, she decides when and where and in front of whom she will show herself, no matter how uncomfortable it makes him. He's finally getting what he asked for. It's been a couple of years since that weekend on the beach, and by now Elizabeth is a confirmed exhibitionist. The narrative below is by someone who became a friend after chancing to meet her at a garden shop.
___________________________________________________
The first thing I learned about her was that she wore no panties. I was about fifteen feet behind her when she bent forward at the waist to pick up a potted plant and her sundress rode up in back. That's when I caught a view of her bare ass. An ass that seemed to invite you to cup the cheeks in both hands.
The second thing I learned was she shaves her pussy lips, leaving a bit of hair just above her slit. Becoming interested in the plant she'd selected, she had circled around to its other side, was then facing me, and squatted. This gave me a view between her legs, a view that hinted at inviting you to explore.
The third thing I learned was she wore no bra. By now I 'd become the gentleman and offered to help lift her plant into her shopping cart, and learned that her name is Elizabeth, and to not shorten it to "Liz" or anything else. It's Elizabeth. In leaning over the cart, the top of her dress fell just enough away from her chest to allow me a view of her small breasts and dark nipples. Nipples that begged to be circled by your tongue. Even with the dress in back in place her nipples were very prominent, making sharp points under the thin fabric.
Not yet noon, and this was already a good day! I introduced myself and found her to be smart, interesting, and receptive. The physical attraction part had already been certified. After discovering that we lived not too far apart, I asked for her phone number. Taking my approach as a compliment, this attractive woman who appeared to be in her forties laughed, took her glove off to reveal a wedding ring, and said she was married and had a twenty year old son and a nineteen year old daughter, but maybe we'd enjoy getting to know each other as friends!
She continued her friendliness, not at all offended by my attempt to hit on her, and I helped load her purchases into her car. But before parting, she mentioned that most Tuesday evenings she models at our local university and that if I wanted to get the complete view of what she looks like naked, I might like to stop by. She gave me the details: time, location, bring your own drawing materials, pay the per-session fee, and draw. Couldn't believe it! Telling me where to come see her naked! She was inviting me to come see her naked! Or, as they say in the art world, nude.
The next day I bought some materials from an art supply store. On their community bulletin board was a notice advertising the Tuesday night class. Open to any interested artists 18 and over, just pay the fee at the door, just like Elizabeth had said.
The studio turned out to be about the size of a normal classroom, except that instead of students' desks there were about twenty easels set up in concentric curves around a raised platform made of two pallets pushed together where the teacher's desk might have been, and a door off to one side of the platform. On the platform were a futon made into a sofa, and a stool. The room was dimmed, except for a couple of warm floodlights aimed at the platform.
The artists were already claiming easels, starting with the curve closest to the platform and working back to the outer rows as new artists arrived. I paid my fee and, being a newbie, set up on the back row.
Now I caught sight of Elizabeth. Naked! Making her very easy to spot! She was milling about with what looked like a folded robe draped over one arm, chatting with the regular artists. She looked smart, classy, and attractive, radiant and composed, with a modest demeanor about her. Her hair was up in a smart twist behind her head, projecting pride and confidence as she kidded around and laughed with the regulars. Naked. All she wore was her wedding ring and eyeglasses.
In this room darkened except for the beams of light trained on the platform, her fair skin contrasted with her dark hair, pointed nipples, and the abbreviated tuft between her legs, muted lipstick, and nail polish. A perfectly proportioned body, curves in just the right places for a sexy, mature woman. Below a slight belly she showed a neatly trimmed patch of brown hair, ending just at the top of her vaginal opening, which by contrast made the smooth outer lips of her pussy seem even more bare.
Even though I'd seen the separate parts, this was my first total look at her flawless naked body, and at first I couldn't help staring. She was magnificent from head to toe! Facing us, she held her shoulders square and head high, exuding an understated beauty I hadn't appreciated at first meeting. She seemed totally at ease being nude, making no effort to hide any part of herself. Small dark areolas each tipped with an erect nipple, centered on breasts looking soft but firm. Sagging slightly, each making a crease underneath where it rested on her chest, but pushing forward enough to make you want to reach out and lift a nipple to your lips. As she moved, her breasts swung just enough to let you know you were enjoying the nakedness of a mature woman.
She had a slight all-over tan, suggesting visits to a nude beach or resort.
She worked her way over to me and greeted me as the newcomer and introduced me to some of the regulars. All this time naked, her perky nipples pointing straight at me.
One of the regulars, the one who seemed to be in charge, announced Elizabeth as this week's model, so here she was, and I was soon to discover why she's their favorite model! For the benefit of first-timers like me, he told us a little about her. We learned that for the past fifteen years she's been a faculty member in the engineering department, and that she also helps out in a couple of other departments.
After the brief introduction by the class coordinator, Elizabeth told us a little more about herself. Her office was in the next building, she and her husband had kids in college, her husband had always wanted her to be naked in front of other people, and she discovered that she likes it, too. Maybe even more than he does!
All but one or two easels were claimed, the artists ranging in age from the required eighteen (undergraduates) to sixties (from the community), the gender split being about even. The clock on the wall indicated the advertised start time. The guy-in-charge, or coordinator, closed the entrance and gave the signal to begin. As somebody started some music on a boom box, Elizabeth took her cue to step into the light trained on the platform, placed her glasses and unused robe on the stool, smiled as if to each person in the studio, and kicked off her sandals.
After a full minute of facing us so we could get used to her features, she started her poses. She began with two-minute poses of her own choice, rotating each new pose so every artist got every angle. Always keeping her legs together. When her back was to me, I was entranced by her firm rounded ass and the backs of her legs, everything perfect. I figured she must do something to keep in shape!
I noticed that during these poses, going from two minutes at first, up to ten minutes, she chose poses you could call modest. She went through normal motions but never opened her legs wide, and never bent at the waist to reveal her crotch from the backside. If she sat on the stool, she crossed one leg over the other. These were the poses she chose. Nude but ladylike.
After an hour came the break. Still leaving her robe on the stool, Elizabeth stepped off the lighted platform into the unlit room and walked around among the easels, looking at the drawings and taking the time to talk with each student. There seemed to be about a dozen she was good friends with, both male and female, but she hugged nearly everyone, pressing her naked flesh against them. When she neared my easel, she included me in the chatter. Walking around naked with her bare nipples leading the way. Talking with the naked Elizabeth in the dimmed room was so sexy it left me breathless. She seemed very casual and at ease in her nakedness, chatting up the artists she knew and getting to know us first timers. I guess she didn't know me well enough to put my hand on her tit.
After five minutes she went back into the lighted area to start the next set of poses. These were to be chosen by the artists, and lasted twenty minutes each. They asked her to stretch her arms out, then her legs, then to arch over this way then the other way. I admired the beauty and agility we were seeing from so many different angles, and actually tried to get some lines down in my sketchbook.
Another five minute break. Again no robe. All she wore during the breaks was her eyeglasses, which actually made her seem even more naked.
Seeing one drawing where the image of her nipple wasn't quite finished, she held her breast close to the canvas to give that artist a couple more minutes to complete his drawing.
For the second pose they had her recline on the sofa with hands behind her head. This reminded me of so many classic paintings I'd seen in art history books. Her stretched out naked white body bathed in bright light, highlighting her nipples and bush. Again, her legs were together. Until someone asked if she could open her legs. With a smile, she lowered one foot to the floor. Now her crotch was open, giving me my first full view of her bare pussy lips, and they were truly beautiful. Her outer lips were together, so there was still no view of the inner lips.
Remembering the relative modesty of the earlier poses she'd chosen, I was wondering if she knew she was now showing her lips, and if it was a concern to her. But before I had much time to think about it, she asked if they needed her to spread her legs wider. Seeing several nods, she raised her upper leg until her ankle was over the backrest of the sofa. Now her legs were spread wide apart. With her fingers she teased her outer lips apart to reveal the inner ones and the entrance to her vagina. Satisfied that her lips would stay open, she put her hands back behind her head and said that the next time they want to see her pussy open, to just ask, she'd be happy to show what ever they asked for. The way she said it, it seemed to me they weren't hearing this for the first time.
Everyone was just taking this conversation in stride. Oh well, they are artists!
So there I was, with a studio full of people I hadn't met before, all of us studying the naked form and open pussy of an attractive older woman. This was going from weird to weirder, but what the hell, I was enjoying it!
I wanted to learn more about Elizabeth's background, for her to be so casual with her nakedness. And how her husband must feel about her explicit poses. I reasoned that maybe she'd been raised in a different culture, or maybe even on a different planet!
About halfway into the pose somebody asked Elizabeth if they could include her clit in the next drawings. Asking to see her clit? I didn't know you could ask this of a model. With her pussy wide open, we could already see her clitoral hood, so all she had to do to expose her clit was fold back the hood, which she did. But it kept retracting out of sight. So after she stroked it for about a minute, her clit enlarged enough to stay out on its own. Now, with one of the spotlights repositioned to highlight her clit, she told us how nice the added warmth felt. And she's saying this while maintaining her pose, lying there with a spotlight on her clit, legs apart in front of a roomful of clothed people, some of of them her friends and some of them strangers. And me.
After the pose was finished, Elizabeth got up and stretched her muscles, doing about five minutes of quick calisthenics while still on the platform, still without the robe. For the next pose they asked her if she'd mind facing away, bent over with her butt up in the air and legs apart. She told them to be more specific, like were they trying to get a view of her perineum? They didn't know that word, so she explained that it's the area between the vaginal opening and the anus, or, she further explained, between her pussy and her asshole, which she indicated by swinging one foot up onto the stool and tipping her pelvis upward. Once they all agreed on drawing that part of her body, she went into position, hands on the floor, facing away from us, butt in the air and feet apart. While in this pose, she turned her head back toward us to say that most models never do this pose because it's so personal and revealing, and it opens your pussy really wide, shows your asshole and probably your clit. Plus, she said, it has your tits dangling like a cow's, but that since her breasts were on the smaller side hers didn't hang down too much.
Her tight little asshole and soft bare pussy lips were very much on display now, the inner lips showing the way into her vagina.
So much for the last vestige of modesty! Probably Elizabeth didn't know the concept of modesty. To her, revealing her perineal area was just another arrangement of body parts for us to draw. While holding that pose for the full fifteen minutes, and treating us to a breath-taking view of her most private area, she told us that her husband really liked to put his hands and cock near her asshole, but that she liked it more when he breathes on it. Whoa! Do we need to know this?
Keeping up the conversation, she said how exposed and vulnerable she felt just then, and that she was so sensitive there she could almost feel our eyes penetrating her. Especially since she couldn't see us.
She also said that this is one of her favorite positions for sex, and that although this made her ass very available she never wanted to do anal, and that if we look close we'll see how small that hole is, because she doesn't take cock there. A couple of the artists came up for a closer look. Meanwhile, she and the regular artists are talking and laughing back and forth about how small her asshole is, and about different positions for sex and asking about her favorites and what her husband likes. And discussing the beauty of her open labia from this angle. She accepted our compliments and kidded the younger artists about maybe never having seen this view of a pussy before, so get a good look now! A few more came up while she held the pose.
Before breaking the pose, she ducked her head down between her legs and looked back at us, arranging her mouth into a goofy upside-down smile to mimic the lips of her pussy, then wiggled her butt. So now I've learned she has a sense of humor!
The second hour was now over, so we took another break, this time for ten minutes, before going into the final hour. Again, she remained nude while making her way among the easels to talk with the artists and to see how her pussy and asshole looked on paper and canvas.
Now came a surprise: at the start of the final hour, a second model appeared and was introduced by the class coordinator as a 20-year old English major, new to modeling. Wow! Half Elizabeth's age, and now she's going to pose with a man no older than her son!
The break over, Elizabeth and the new model stepped onto the lighted platform together, he shed his robe, she shed her glasses, and they stood there naked (nude) together. Although limp, his dick was huge.
Standing naked side by side, his much darker skin offered a striking contrast to her only slightly-tanned body. Her serene maturity compared with his robust youth made for even more contrast.
Before taking any requests for poses, Elizabeth, as the more experienced model, explained that she was meeting him for the first time just like we were. The two of them then had a quick private discussion on what parts of the other's body each could touch, what degree of pretend intimacy, and such. (I learned later that this was standard whenever models pose for the first time together.) She then told us they had agreed that there would be no restrictions on the touching, so the artists could pretty much ask for any pose, including touching of genitals. To make her point, she held his cock for a moment while putting his hand on her tit.
His penis was very large, even while limp, and her hand could barely circle it. When she released it, it swung like a pendulum.
Elizabeth and the model agreed to spend the first ten or so minutes in quick short poses, mostly touching. She reminded us she did not come here to have real sex, so there would mostly be careful arrangement of their body parts. The artist in charge said these would be quick one-minute gesture sketches, so get your charcoals out.
We noticed the backrest of the futon had been lowered so it was now a bed. Obviously they are going to use the sofa. As a bed! The two models went to it, she lay down, spread her legs, then he carefully laid his enormous cock onto her belly as he lowered himself onto her. Similarly for several other positions. Lying down, standing, sitting, kneeling, "The Joy of Sex", in the flesh! But in every instance we could see how they positioned his cock. Still, my feelings of jealousy were mounting. But not to worry, at less than a minute for each pose, there's no way it could have gone in. But his dick did get pressed against her pussy. I tried to put these thoughts out of my mind. And still wondered how much of this her husband knew.
After about ten poses, she lay back on the futon, spread her legs and pulled his head into her crotch. Right into it. Oh, great, I thought, now he's going to eat her, she'll probably allow him a quick lick then move on. But he just laid his head alongside her pussy, not even moving and stayed there for about a minute while the artists sketched the scene. Before I could get too wrapped up in my thoughts, they switched, and, using both hands, she lifted his cock alongside one cheek and held that pose for about a minute, then moved on to another pose, a full . In that pose, you could see his mouth fully into her pussy and you could hear him breathing through his nose, which was in her pubic hair. After that pose he wiped his mouth with a nearby towel as she lay still for another minute while a fountain of feminine juices squirted from between her legs, making an arc several inches high.
These short poses being over, the first request for a longer pose was for the models to stand facing each other, hugging. They approached each other and embraced. Her arms around his neck, one of his hands resting on her ass and the other cupping a breast. But where was his dick? Was it hanging between his legs? Up and pressed against her stomach? Tucked under her pussy? Can she feel it? Does she like feeling it? For ten agonizing minutes, I did not put pencil to paper. I wanted to go up there for a closer look, but realized how ridiculous that would be. Of course I just stayed put, making meaningless marks on my sketch pad. When they broke the pose I noticed his dick hanging down, still limp, but larger. The exact impression of his dick on her belly showed us where his cock had been. Whew!
Next pose was similar, except this time they wanted him to lift her off the floor, her arms again around his neck, her legs around his waist. But this time both his hands were cupping her ass to hold her up. Now where's his dick? The models were turned so her back was more toward us. Her butt cheeks were open, of course, so her legs could wrap around him. You could see under her perineum (now that I've learned that word!) to look for where his dick would be dangling. But I couldn't see his dick! Just his balls and her lower lips. Maybe this is not simulated. Maybe I shouldn't be here tonight. I couldn't see his dick, but what I could see was plenty of fluid dripping onto the floor. Maybe my mind had gone blank, but then I remembered seeing that at the start of this pose he lifted her high above his waist and then settled her down onto his erect cock. Mid-pose, she turned her face tward us to say she felt very wet. That said, she turned her face back and continued the pose. After that, I did notice her wiggling the least little bit. Just a little. For fifteen whole minutes.
To end the pose, he had to lift her high off his cock before setting her down, and this time his dick was no longer limp. It was straight up. And wet and shiny. And this time there was no impression of his dick on her belly! Of course not; it had been inside her! And because his cock was so thick, her vagina remained open for several more minutes, and some of the artists wanted to sketch it that way. She obliged by staying still for a few minutes while they sketched. She stood over a couple of the artists who lay on the floor under her spread legs to get the view they wanted. She apologized for dripping on them.
For the break, she again mingled with us students, commenting on our drawings, all the time leaking fluid down the insides of her legs. She had just fucked a guy, in front of all of us, and was now casually talking about it! I wondered if her husband knew that for art class she does more than just pose. If she's talking to us about it, maybe she goes home and tells her husband?
Break over. Some artists asked for a pose where they could sketch the cock actually entering her vagina, because in the previous poses their bodies were in the way. Elizabeth responded: "We can probably come up with a pose to let you see that. Maybe with me on top and leaning back, I could be open to that." Open?!
First, they tried having the male model lie on his back, feet toward us artists, then Elizabeth squatted over him, facing us, and lowered herself onto his erect penis, taking about half of it inside herself. Then she lowered herself further, until her ass was settled onto his pelvis, then wiggled a little to take in his entire cock. Her arms were stretched out behind her for support. We now had a full frontal view of Elizabeth sitting up, breasts jutting forward, with her vagina settled onto the large dark penis under her. This was a beautiful pose, one focal point being the lips of her pussy wrapped around the base of the shaft that was very distinctly up inside her, the other focal point being her calm innocent face as she gazes out toward us.
The models were prepared to hold this pose for the full twenty minutes, but one of the women students complained that she couldn't see enough of the dick. So Elizabeth lifted herself a couple of inches to expose part of the dick, but she found she was unsupported and couldn't hold that position. A couple of the students offered to support her on each side, but when they tried it we decided it didn't look natural.
So she pulled herself up, leaving the penis still pointing straight up, while she tried to think of a new position to show the penis entering her vagina, and that she could hold for the entire pose. She took a moment to wipe away the thin trace of pre-cum trailing from her pussy to his penis.
Over the next few minutes he penetrated her several different ways, trying for a pose that let us see his penis actually entering her vagina, in a pose they could hold for a full twenty minutes. Nothing seemed to work.
Following a brief huddle, Elizabeth announced she might have the answer, something she and her husband had done for one of their wedding portraits. The two naked models asked for help moving the props around. Some of the students helped move the futon while others moved the two halves of the platform apart to make a space for the futon, and pillows were placed on it. Elizabeth directed the pushing and pulling of furniture until she was satisfied, remaining nude the whole time. Finally, when the futon and the floodlights were ready, we artists and students crowded onto the platforms on either side of the futon to gain a high vantage point and waited for the models get into their pose.
The two models lay down on their backs, supported by pillows at opposite ends of the mattress. The effect of the pose was that the models were each propped up on pillows, facing each other, each with a left leg over the other's right leg, and their crotches pressed together like two pairs of scissors. I wondered if their assholes were touching. That's when Elizabeth said "Hey, I can feel his asshole against mine! We're both still warm and wet down there."
How romantic!
With their wet crotches pressed together, she maneuvered herself onto his cock again, taking in all but the last inch, all the time explaining step-by-step what she was doing. While trying to find the correct position, she pulled the cock in and out of herself several times until it felt right, then finally kept it in. All this time she's telling us how much of the cock she can feel inside her telling the male model to push a little more or to pull out a little, and asking us if we can see everything well enough. She then wiggled a bit and used both hands to arrange the folds of her lips. She made further adjustments until the artists, looking down on the coupled couple from above, were satisfied with a clear view. An inch of cock showed, the rest was inside her.
In this pose, Elizabeth kept her gaze up toward us artists, shifting her eyes from one to the next every few minutes. So here I was, one of several artists standing or sitting on a raised platform, looking down on the very naked Elizabeth, her bare body stretched out before us, a large cock just inside her very open and wet pussy, her eyes trained on us each in turn, and her telling us the mechanical details of having a cock inside her, just to keep her mind off of sex so she wouldn't break the pose by coming.
No matter how much she tried to keep talking, the expression on her face silently said "I am about to come."
Now the two models shifted a little to try to get a position comfortable enough to hold for the full twenty minutes. In shifting, the dick became noticeably longer and thicker and eventually opened her lips enough to unhood her clitoris. She told us that this was the position she was trying for, and would try to hold it for the entire pose.
She told us she felt really vulnerable, lying there looking up into the bright floodlights, with a cock inside her, and seeing our faces and eyes looking down to her. Gazing down, I felt as though I was stealing from her, or seeing something I wasn't supposed to see. But then I figured she's doing this voluntarily, she does this every few weeks, and she had invited me to be here. She's presenting herself as a gift to all these artists, and to art itself.
Maintaining eye contact with each of us in turn, she kept talking, reminding us that for her, putting a penis into her vagina was nothing more than positioning an arm or a leg; it's just body parts to make a nice painting, and she's glad to help.
Looking around, she singled me out to ask if I liked seeing her pussy as much here as I seemed to in the garden shop (Busted!), and did I prefer the view from the front or the back? And did it look better when it was wet, like right now? I was flabbergasted and tongue-tied, and mumbled something about how lucky I felt getting to know her so well so soon after we met. She reminded me that we'd met three whole days ago and so far had only talked, but that at the moment she was fucking a guy she'd only met just in the last half hour!
All this time she's looking up at us. One woman remarked that she wanted to see more the of cock, so, much to Elizabeth's disappointment the male model withdrew a couple of inches. Elizabeth kept telling us how hard it was to not move, that with her husband she'd be humping like crazy. But to keep the pose she would stay still. But that it would be more natural and a lot easier and certainly more fun if she could move around, even a little. She also said having this cock inside her felt very good. And that she was really feeling the need to come.
She wanted to know if anyone could see her clit pulsing, saying she could certainly feel it. She noted "About an hour ago you asked to see my clit, well you certainly have a grand view of it now, so get a good look." Yes, we did see that her clit was slowly pulsing, keeping perfect time with a throbbing vein in the cock.
Lying there with the cock inside her, she kept telling us she could feel an orgasm stirring but was trying to hold it off, maybe by engaging in conversation to occupy her mind. Keeping up her soliloquy, she kept saying how nice the large penis felt in her vagina, and that it was possibly the longest she'd ever had, and certainly the thickest, except for maybe just a couple others, or possibly even a few more than that. She looked more and more like a woman about to come.
While Elizabeth was still talking, all of a sudden the owner of the penis gasped, and with her help, thrust himself fully in, grimaced, grunted, then shuddered, then his whole body stiffened, then sagged.
The owner of the vagina serenely maintained her pose and her gaze, except to calmly say "He just came. Inside me. Now I'm all full of cum. I usually don't let guys do that in me. I try to save that for my husband. Oh, well."
She kept right on talking, right past the twenty minute timer. She explained that even though the other model had just ejaculated into her, she could feel that he still had his erection and was still a little too thick to pull out, so we should wait a few more minutes. She told us she felt very slick inside, now with the addition of his sperm, and even though she was probably producing more lube than she usually does, she still had to be careful. Every minute or so she wiggled a little to let another inch or so out. She just kept on talking, while trying to ease the spent dick out of herself.
Taking what seemed like forever, the limp wet penis was finally all out, trailing a sticky silvery strand from its tip back to Elizabeth's still open vagina, leaving a pool of creamy fluid there. She asked for her glasses so she could more clearly see all the semen on her.
Recognizing the interesting arrangement of the two nude models and the story suggested by their co-mingled fluids still fresh on their sex organs, one of the regular artists asked if they could hold this pose long enough for a quick sketch.
Elizabeth asked if the artists could wait a few minutes because after having that cock in her for so long, she really needed to finish herself off. So, with the male model still lying there with his crotch pressed against hers and his cock lying across her pelvis, surrounded by a studio full of artists and students, and still looking up at us, she put her fingers to her clit and within a minute brought herself to a loud, cataclysmic, and apparently very satisfying orgasm.
Elizabeth breathlessly told us that now that she'd brought herself off, she'd hold the pose for the new drawing. Later, that pose complete, they finally untangled their arms and legs and crotches and extricated themselves from one another. The male model gathered his robe and disappeared through the door. Elizabeth, on the other hand, accepted the help of anyone close enough to help her stand up. Her chest was glowing, her pussy was dripping, the scent of her sex was all around. But within minutes she slumped back down onto the damp futon and rode through another orgasm without even the need to touch herself. Then she picked herself up, and, for the first time, put her robe on, and, with help, staggered out the door to
Art class was over.
***********************************
My nerves were frayed. I could barely breathe. What sort of woman had I just met? My mind was spinning around like one of those nuclear atom diagrams with the electrons spinning around the nucleus. Except that my electrons were spinning out of control!
Just then, a smiling, conservatively dressed woman in jeans, sneakers, and sweater appeared and, taking my arm, invited me to come for after-class drinks with a small group. It was Elizabeth! Now a totally different person, this was the Elizabeth I'd met at the garden shop a couple of days earlier, all fresh and playful! Now completely composed so soon after everything we'd just seen, she had completely changed in less than the ten minutes it took me to gather up my supplies! Regaining my balance, I accepted. Wow, I thought, she certainly cleans up good!
I learned that about eight of the regulars, three women and five men, usually finish off each Tuesday class with drinks at the University's faculty club, and tonight they invited me along. This group included a sister, her brother, and her husband! Whoa!! I just found out her husband had been in the studio the whole time! And her brother and her sister! Wow, I thought, her husband and family just watched her naked. And fucking. And she squirts. Her husband watches his wife fucking in public! So, I guess he does know what she does here! And her sister watches her having orgasms, and her brother knows what her clitoris looks like! Who are these people??
After some lame getting-to-know-you conversation for my benefit, we got into discussing the art session we'd just come from. The conversation went something like this:
Elizabeth's sister asked her how long it took to decide to fuck the other model. Elizabeth replied "I hadn't really planned on fucking anybody tonight, but positioning body parts is just part of taking the pose: arms, legs, dicks, whatever. And placing the other model's cock inside me is just another arrangement. But let me tell you, it really felt good!"
Sis groaned that since Elizabeth had fucked the male model less than an hour after first meeting him, this must be a new record! Elizabeth answered, "Maybe for him, but not for me. Back in college, sorority pledge week, I'd never seen the guy before, got introduced and two minutes later we were doing it. I chose him because of all the guys there he had the looking best hard-on. Then there was another time, a sorority contest. They arranged us girls in a big circle, facing inward and bent over. The guys came around behind us, stuck it in, moved to the next, and continued around the circle. Vaginal, no anal, thank goodness! My boyfriend refused to participate, so I dropped him. Anyway, after about an hour I was the last person standing, boy or girl, so I won. We girls each had a number on our ass, and the boys gave me the most votes, so I won both for endurance and for best place to put their cock. They said they liked the way I shook my ass once they were inside me. I liked that game, except I never knew who they were, and didn't even see their faces. I lost count after about twenty or so, and I could tell by their different dicks that some of them came back for seconds. In fact, they started lining up behind me and that pissed off the other girls. And, sis, that's why when anyone asks me how many guys I've done it with, I don't have an answer. But I don't do that any more. All that was before I met my husband. Well, I mean, before I actually married my husband. Like, right up to when I had to leave to get to the church. If I do anyone else now it's because it's part of the job. Like tonight."
At this point the husband chipped in his two cents' worth: "That's OK, I know all of this, the stuff she did before. She fucked a lot, and I'd been trying to get her to go naked for more than just sex, but she resisted. I'd been bugging her for years, but she always had an excuse. Until she visited that beach on her own and told me all about it on the phone. That's when I had to drop what I was doing and fly down and see for myself. When I picked the wrong pussy, Elizabeth really got pissed, and our lives have been changed ever since. Now she's naked whenever she can get away with it. She made me sign up for this art class to watch her model naked. Anonymously, so the other students don't know I'm her husband! So now I have to just stand there quietly while she's displaying every part of herself. Well, serves me right, this is what I asked for and now I have it. But watching her fuck is part of her getting back at me for eating out the wrong woman on that beach. And lately she fucks guys only if it's part of the job. I guess my consolation is that when we get home after class the sex is really good. Whether she was fucking during her poses or not. Even then, they usually don't come inside her like that guy did tonight. When they don't, she's just horny, but when they do she's horny and slick, which is why I can't wait to get her home."
I looked at the crotch of her jeans, and saw a growing wet spot there.
Hubby continued: "At first, I liked other people seeing her naked, but now she's doing it whenever and wherever she chooses. Maybe it's a control thing, I can't control it anymore. She even gets naked in front of the people I work with. And one time she made me get naked and fuck her right in front of them. Ever since that day on the beach I have to do whatever naked or sex thing she tells me. I guess I'll never again mistake another woman's pussy for hers.
The group started heading out. After the others left, I was still there talking with her sister, so tried to learn a little about their upbringing, and how it was that Elizabeth was so open with her nudity. And sex. Maybe Sis could help me understand the woman I'd just met. First, Sis turned out to be very sympathetic toward her sister.
I learned that three sisters, along with two brothers, had been raised in a loving family where respect and concern for others was valued and taught, along with body acceptance.
Sis went on: "Our parents really loved each other, and we five kids were raised to regard sex as a beautiful act between people who care for each other.
"By the time Elizabeth became an adult, she was very casual about sex and nudity. At a social event she'll show you her new pube trim just like you'd show her your new haircut. No difference for her."
Sis went on to explain that Elizabeth had just turned forty, and was happy to be past menopause, and she and her husband have been married long enough to have kids in college. Every Sunday morning they go to church, and she helps with Sunday School.
About the husband: "A couple of years ago there was an incident at a clothing-optional beach where he was supposed to choose which pussy belonged to his wife, among all these women lying on their backs with their faces hidden. Seems hubby chose the wrong one, so now Elizabeth is tormenting him for it. He'd always wanted her to display herself, so now she's giving him what he asked for. She's making sure he, and everyone else, gets a good look at her pussy. What he didn't figure on was that she's really enjoying it. And the real irony here is that she was never fussy about being naked, but she just didn't like him always pushing her. He wanted her to be an exhibitionist for him, while she was always an exhibitionist for herself. So now she does things on her own terms, and makes sure he's there to see it."
Ordinarily, after seeing what I'd seen in drawing class I'd have a raging hard-on and need relief, but as I drove home I had just too much to think about. The visuals in my head were perfect material for jerking off, but the higher parts of my brain were just too confused to concentrate. Once in bed, I kept turning over in my mind not so much what I'd seen, but what new things I'd learned about Elizabeth. She and her sibs watched their parents fuck. They showed her that sex was nice. They all went naked in the house. She was taught to be nice. They encouraged her to go find people to fuck. She did. She poses naked at the same place where she teaches. She can fuck with people watching, including her own students, as long as they're over eighteen. She's not racially prejudiced. She can fuck a guy she met just minutes earlier, right in front of her friends and husband and assorted strangers, and then put on some clothes and take those same friends and family to a bar for drinks.
This was like a brave new world, with no inhibitions, no modesty, no shame. Just honesty, integrity, and truth. Without clothes.
Obsessed with her, I didn't fall asleep that night.
At the art class the following week, Elizabeth attended as a student while her sister was the model. So this time I got to draw the sister naked! Elizabeth volunteered one pose with her sister so we could compare their pussies. One with hair, the other bare. The lips bore a family resemblance, and so did the nipples.
*******************************************
Over the next few weeks, I was taken more and more into Elizabeth's and her husband's circle of friends. The group got together for various events, to go to movies, meet for dinner, hit a bar, just hang out, and, of course, art class.
One night over drinks, I learned even more about Elizabeth. Besides holding a teaching position at the university, she played cello in an orchestra and was active in community theater. Her group invited me to attend a concert the following weekend and offered to arrange a ticket for me.
When I met the group at the symphony hall Elizabeth was wearing a stunning black gown that revealed a lot of her. The gown was simple and sexy: Loose-fitting, sleeveless, a wide deep V down the front, large open side scoops under the armpits, full-length slits centered along the length of each leg, ending well above her waist. The V down the front was outlined with a thin piping of pink. Lots of skin, obviously no underwear. Wow! The V down her front showed cleavage out to the nipples, and the side scoops gave side views of her breasts, again barely hiding the nipples. Her small patch of pubic hair and the top inch or so of her bare pussy lips were prominently displayed where the sides of the V came together just under the V of the lips themselves. In other words, the designer of this garment had found a classy way to display a woman's pussy lips as part of the gown.
Being bold, I ventured to ask if she knew the gown didn't cover her pussy. She said that when she wears this gown most people are trying to sneak a peek at a nipple and completely miss her pussy. She bet us she could go the whole evening with her pussy uncovered, and even show some lip for the newspaper picture they'd be posing for after the concert. She then told me to shut up and enjoy the show, referring to the show right in front of me!
Before she left us to go backstage, she challenged her husband to slip his hand under her pussy to see if he could insert a couple of fingers without disturbing her gown. It was incredible! The V came down far enough that he could cup her pussy easily without even moving the gown aside. Right there, in the lobby, surrounded by many people, some of them in conversation with us. Nobody else noticed.
Once inside, we found our seats. They were down near the front, on the side offering a good view of the string section. The musicians appeared, fussed over their instruments, music stands, and sheet music, then took their seats.
During the performance, every time Elizabeth leaned forward to turn the page of her sheet music, the top of her gown fell forward and I saw her left breast and nipple through the arm scoop. The leg closer to me was entirely exposed, including her thigh and hip, up to her waist. And the whole time, her beautiful bush was there between her spread legs, visible every time she pushed her cello forward. I must have heard some of the music, but my concentration was on Elizabeth.
At the reception following the concert, a group photograph of the string section was taken. In the newspaper pictures her elegant bush was very apparent at the nadir of the front opening of her gown. Below her bush, you could just make out the V of her bare vagina lips, perfectly matching the V of the gown, but you had to know to look for it. Her bare pink pussy lips just looked like part of the pink lining of her gown. In the newspaper yet! She had gotten away with it!
*******************************************
As we were getting to know each other more, Elizabeth told me a lot more about herself. Like how she became a model. She'd been going on Tuesday nights to learn to draw, when she noticed that most of the models were reluctant to give the artists the poses they wanted. So one night, while the artists and the model argued over a certain pose, Elizabeth got tired of hearing it and just took off her own clothes and went into the explicit pose the first model wouldn't do, which meant holding her pussy open. Right in front of many students and other teachers she knew at the university. She just couldn't understand all the fuss over nudity. She saw a need, and she was willing to meet it. And she's been one of their regular models ever since, and has her husband come watch her being naked. As I had already learned, nobody except her sister and the class coordinator know that he's the husband. Anyone can show up on a Tuesday night and see her naked. Registered students don't even have to pay an additional fee. "Come see your teacher naked!" She knows that a lot come just to see her without her clothes, and she knows a lot of them from the classes she teaches. She's the same, with or without clothes.
She loved to talk.
As for her engineering students seeing her nude, she doesn't mind that. By the time they get to her classes they're well over eighteen, so no problem there. Once, she had to teach the concept of the pendulum. So, frustrated with the dull examples in their textbook, she removed her blouse, bent forward and let her bare breasts dangle. She had each student estimate the weight of a breast by lifting it, measure its length from chest to nipple, then pull it to one side, release it, then measure the time it took to swing back to its original position.
She also taught them conservation of momentum, by pulling one dangling breast to the side and letting it swing into the other one. The first tit would stop after transferring its momentum to the other one, which would then swing away. Then come back, stop, and set the first tit in motion again. And so on until the motion gradually damped out. That day all she was wearing was a dress so as soon as she removed it to free her tits she was naked except for glasses and shoes.
Still with her breasts dangling, she taught them about resonance by gently shaking her shoulders at different rates to find the natural frequency where her tits would swing in sync rather than independently.
Another time they were comparing the viscosity of various fluids, so she lifted her skirt and dipped a finger into her vagina to give them an additional fluid sample to work with. For all those classes, she arranged for her husband to be there incognito as a lab assistant.
The Physiology department wanted to offer a human sexuality course but couldn't find a subject for demonstrations. She found out about it, so now for an hour each week she lies on a table naked with her legs open for inspection and eventually for penetration by a remote camera, then a penis-like probe, and finally by a male human subject. Before, during, and after intercourse, they take samples of her vaginal secretions, and they use special devices to measure the changing hardness of her nipples and clitoris. With little sensors taped to her, she gets fucked while the classroom filled with students and lab assistants watch and take notes. She's a regular because they like that she talks during the sessions, describing her feelings as she becomes aroused, and she doesn't stop short of orgasm like the previous subjects did. She sneaks her husband in as one of the assistants.
Elizabeth told me "My husband and I regularly visit nudist resorts, but I can't understand all those nudist women putting on all kinds of clothing accessories, like little starbursts to put around your nipples, barbells through your clit, pasties, jewelry that dangles from your pussy lips, junk like that. And then for dinner in the club they have all these wraps for their shoulders, fancy belts, stuff like that. Me? I just go totally naked and wear nothing, probably the only one there who does that. Also, I noticed that in the pool the women never climb up the ladder ahead of a man, she always makes the man go first. I asked why, and they told me a lady never lets a man see under her ass. Oh? Well, from then on I climbed up the ladder first, and didn't care if a man looked up, as long as he doesn't stick his nose in my ass. And another stupid thing about the pool, they require bathing caps so hair won't get into the filters. So there you are, with the hair on your head stuffed into a rubber skullcap, and half the women there have a big exposed nest of pubic hair between their legs, with strays falling out all the time. Go figure.
"We did go on a clothing-optional cruise once, and the best thing about the cruise was that when the generators were running it was like riding a great big vibrator. Some of us women got in the habit of straddling our pussies over a rail. And that was with just the generators running. When the engines were running, the vibrations were so strong you didn't even have to be on a rail! You could get orgasmic vibrations anywhere on the ship, even through your feet. But when we did get on the rail, the guys would come and watch us because we were coming so hard. At the end of the cruise we came into port that way, thirty naked women lined up like a chorus line, with our legs up and our clits pressed against the rail, all having continuous orgasms and waving to the tourists on the other ships. We left the rail so slick you couldn't grab it."
She told me that long before I joined the art class, she and her sister were asked to pose together, girl-on-girl so the university could have some drawings for the upcoming gay pride celebration. She went on: "As you well know, neither of us is a lesbian, in fact we're not even bi-. But the school really needed the drawings so Sis and I agreed to do it. Neither of us had ever done girl-girl before, so they gave us some good wine to loosen us up. We did lots of poses, like that scissor thing I used with that male model, with our assholes touching. Sis was shaved clean and I was sporting a full bush, so the artists had some variation for their drawings. After a few poses, Sis said she didn't like putting her face in my muff, and also the artists said they couldn't see my lips at all, so somebody found a razor and we made a group project of shaving off all my pubic hair, all the way back to my anus. They made some nice drawings of that. More poses, some dildo work, some oral, lots of licking and nipple kissing. To stay in the mood, during the breaks we didn't bother with the robes, the two of us just stayed naked the whole three hours, breaks and all. The studio was standing room only, so we had to move the whole operation outdoors onto the lawn. That's where they shaved me. Half the university came to watch. A lot of my own students came to see me getting my pussy shaved then licked, and to watch me having orgasms."
Elizabeth continued, "Sis was in her glory, being naked in front of a crowd, and I was in my glory with the orgasms. Because I was freshly shaved, I felt really wet and slippery, not to mention vulnerable, especially with my clitoris out and all the pink I was showing. No hair to hide behind! That night the orgasms were part of the art, so I just let go and went crazy, coming every few minutes right in front of all those students and faculty. Even my kids and their friends came to watch. I think that night was the first time my own kids ever saw my clitoris, and here it was all swollen and wet and slick. Even though they were all college age, I did feel a little weird with my son and daughter watching me fingering myself and getting eaten out by their aunt."
She went on: "I had maybe close to a hundred orgasms. I was so drained, my husband and son had to carry me out to the car. Well, when the posters were made and plastered all over campus for Pride Week, anybody who hadn't seen me that night saw me on the posters. And besides the paintings and drawings, they took photographs and those were posted everywhere, too. I don't think there's a person on this campus who wouldn't recognize my clit. And this is a big campus. I'll say one thing, Sis really knows how to lick pussy, and I don't think she learned it all in one night!"
*******************************************
Now that I was a part of Elizabeth's social circle, which included a sister, brother, and husband, I kept learning more about her. As part of the agreement stemming from his having picked the wrong pussy at the beach, she was always looking for new situations for him to watch her being seen naked. Sometimes for friends, sometimes in public.
First was the Super Bowl party her husband hosts every year. She stays nude except for a tiny apron and serves snacks to all his friends and coworkers, and depending on the outcome of each year's game either he goes down on her or they have intercourse, right in front of all their guests. There had been two such parties since that day on the beach, resulting in one fuck and one oral.
She now goes nude full time in their home, but lets her husband and the kids do as they please. And now that they're 19 and 20, she doesn't worry if the door is open while she's having sex with her husband. And visiting friends just know she'll be naked. The neighbors are used to her walking out to the mail box with a towel. Usually over her arm.
Also, Elizabeth and her husband were now attending World Naked Bike Rides regularly, she being one of the few women totally naked, not even using body paint for partial cover. She uses a recumbent bike so she can stretch back and spread her legs while pedaling. By arranging her clit on the seat just right, she can be on the edge of an orgasm for the whole ride.
They've been to Fantasy Fest in Key West twice so far, but that city requires body paint. Once she complied with the law by having her husband trace the outline of a bikini onto her body with a washable marker. Just the outline! Along with sandals, a sunhat, sunglasses, and a smile, that's her costume for the whole week. The other year, she found some clear paint, and brought the label from the paint can in case she had to prove to the authorities that she was wearing paint.
*******************************************
One evening our destination was a bar on the outskirts of town. Upon entering, I learned that this was a strip joint, that our group was well known here, and that this was amateur night. A sign near the stage quoted the city ordnance requiring strippers to not remove their bottom garment. After we settled into a booth, Elizabeth registered and was given a number. After several other women wiggled and shimmied and wrapped themselves around the pole, each eventually getting down to a thong or lace panties or bikini bottom, Elizabeth's number was called. In her street clothes she went up on the stage and into the spotlight, and waited while the MC introduced her with a fake name and backstory. Then, while slowly removing her clothes she told the audience to forget what they'd just heard, and gave her real name and age and profession, including her PhD in engineering, and pointed out her husband. By then she was down to a short slip and a lacy bra.
Moving around to the music, she gave evidence that she wasn't much of a dancer, but made up for it with some suggestive motions and gyrations and a few moves she'd learned from yoga. Off came the bra, revealing a thin string coming around her back and meeting in front to hold in place a tiny disc over each nipple. Then the slip was tossed off to show a thin string around her waist, holding up a vertical string that went down through her pubic hair, then between the lips of her pussy, under her crotch, and up her butt crack to meet the waist string again. That was her bottom, required by law, but it covered nothing at all! She told the audience that this was the bathing suit she wore if it wasn't a clothing-optional beach. I tried to imagine her wearing this on a family-oriented public beach.
She cast off the top, what there was of it, and continued her act, wearing only the bottom string, again, what there was of it. She may as well have been naked, since the string, once it descended below her bush, got lost between her lips. The only time we saw the string was when she spread her legs to open her pussy or when she bent over to reveal her asshole, and there was the string. You could see it right there moving up and down against her clitoris, and after a while this aroused her so much that she made the resulting orgasms part of her routine. Obviously, she outdid all the competition. With all the contestants on stage in their final outfits, Elizabeth was given the prize money. Standing there completely nude except for the string that covered nothing, she gave half to the other women to split and said the rest would go to the Food Bank. She put her string "top" back on for the ride home.
Another place the group of friends liked to visit was a small bar with a pool table. Once I was with them late at night shooting pool, Elizabeth and her husband against me and her brother. After several shots, she stripped and climbed up on the table, sitting on the edge with her legs stretched out along the edges and positioned her pussy directly over whatever pocket was called. This really distracted me and her brother a lot, and we missed almost every shot. Elizabeth said she'd won many games this way. Especially when she and her husband played against strangers.
*******************************************
One day while the group was talking about her ass, this somehow reminded Elizabeth to tell us she'd been cast in a play at the Community Theater. She'd be in rehearsals for the next several Thursday nights then they'd have performances over two weekends. She'd get us all tickets, so we picked the date of the final performance so we could attend the cast party.
On the day of the performance she was busy all afternoon with theater stuff and too busy for dinner, so we just met outside the playhouse for the performance. She handed us our tickets, gave us each a quick kiss, I mumbled something about breaking a leg, and she disappeared behind the stage. I found my seat and waited. The production had some forgettable name, and consisted of a series of comic farces. In the program I found the skit where Elizabeth's name was listed, and prepared to wait.
After three or four unrelated but funny and entertaining skits, "Assmore Manor" finally started. The curtain opened to reveal a formal dining room with two very formal older people, the Lord and Lady of the house, think Michael Caine and Maggie Smith, seated at opposite ends of a long table, the Lord on our right and the Lady on our left, with four or five unoccupied chairs on each of the long sides of the table. They're waiting for their meal to be served. They're discussing the maintenance of the estate, their horses, the queen's visit, how spoiled their children are, and other mundane stuff to do with English country life. A butler in formal attire appears with the Lady's meal. He stands to her left, on the far side of the table, so he's facing us. With a grand flourish he places the first course in front of her. Then a maid enters from the right, stops at the Lord's left and turns toward him and, from our side of the table, serves him his first course. The maid is wearing a little maid cap on her head, and a mid-thigh length white apron over her formal black blouse, and in back she's naked below the waist. Her bare ass is toward us, the audience, but not visible to the Lady.
Hey, I know that bare ass-it belongs to Elizabeth! And I have the best view in the house! Now I see why she got us these particular seats. The chitchat between the Lord and the Lady continues as they politely ignore the servants. Except that the Lord's left hand is all over his maid's ass. Throughout the meal he keeps talking with his wife, but with his hand he's still exploring. The butler and the maid serve several more courses, the Lord's hand going further under his maid's ass, her legs moving further apart with each new course, while the boring conversation drones on. He pulls his hand out to lick a finger. Then two fingers. Each time, her legs are a little further apart, and each time he plunges his hand in she bends over slightly and we see that her lips are a little more open. The stage is higher than our seats, so the audience can look right up under her bottom and into her open pussy, dripping and well lit by the footlights on the edge of the stage. Each time he fingers her she shudders with arousal. The Lady asks why she's shaking, and the maid replies she must be shivering from the cold. By the time of the last course, she's bent way over to pick up the dishes, her legs and lips are way far apart, and now he's licking four fingers and his knuckles. The audience is chuckling at the idea of what the Lord is getting away with, unseen by his wife. Finally, after the dessert plates are removed, the butler comes around to our side of the table to serve coffee, and we see for the first time that the seat of his trousers has been cut out. Only now do we realize that during the whole meal the Lady's hand has been fondling the butler's ass!
The audience roared with laughter and applause as the curtain dropped. Three more skits, then the curtain call, with the director and all forty or so actors gathered on stage. Elizabeth took the curtain call in the same outfit she had acted in, facing the audience in only cap, blouse, and apron, appearing fully dressed since the apron came down to mid-calf. But when it was time to bow, she and the bare-assed butler quickly turned around and mooned the audience.
But in the instant before turning around, Elizabeth with one hand swept aside the apron, and with the other hand held open the bare lips we'd only seen from behind and below.
On her husband's arm, she attended the cast party in that same costume. Naked below the waist except for the white cotton apron covering her pussy, she worked the crowd, allowing feels of her ass. As the party wound down, the cast gathered for group photos. For the final picture she held her apron aside once more, reprising her curtain call flash and moved her legs apart. In that picture the 'Lord' stands behind her, his hand cupping her lips from underneath. All but his middle finger are in view.
*******************************************
A few weeks later they put on a new play: another comedy, featuring Elizabeth cast this time as a cheating wife in an affair with a younger man, also married. Again, I chose the final performance so I could attend the cast party. All four are friends and socialize together. The stage is set up as part of her home, one half is the living room, the other half is a bedroom. There's a door in the wall between the two halves. The theater is dark, the only light is a dim table lamp by the sofa in the living room where the two unsuspecting spouses sit on a sofa. They are the young wife of Elizabeth's lover, and the older man who plays Elizabeth's husband, asking each other when their respective spouses will be showing up for the four of them to go out to dinner.
The playhouse is small and intimate, each of the forty or so audience members has a close view of everything on the stage, nobody more than thirty feet from the center.
In the darkened bedroom, a spotlight slowly comes up to full brightness to illuminate Elizabeth's character lying nude on a bed, propped up on a pillow and facing the audience as her lover undresses to join her. This sight alone is worth the price of admission: The only bright item in an otherwise darkened space is her naked white body, her pubic hair and dark erect nipples prominent on her light skin.
For these performances she had grown a very full bush and even streaked it with some gray, to emphasize the contrast between her maturity with the youth of her lover. However, as we were to see later, her lips and underside were completely smooth.
Her lover climbs onto the bed and begins to fondle her. After nuzzling her breasts and sucking her nipples she spreads her legs further and he moves his head to her pussy and begins to eat her. His face is lost in her full muff. Meanwhile, their inattentive spouses in the living room continue their conversation. Elizabeth, legs wrapped around her lover's head, looks out over the audience but keeps an ear cocked toward the door to the living room. On the hand she uses to hold her lover's face to her crotch, her wedding ring sparkles in the concentrated light, a reminder that she's a married woman. As they hear her husband entering the bedroom, the spotlight follows the lovers as they roll onto the floor to get out of her husband's sight.
Now on the floor, she's on all fours, facing the audience, breasts hanging, butt in the air and legs apart. Between her breasts we see her lover's cock enter her from behind, and they screw while her unsuspecting husband is looking for something in a nightstand on the far side of the bed. As he comes around the bed to access the other nightstand, the illicit lovers crawl away to stay ahead of him and out of his sight, never breaking their coital connection. By the time the husband goes back into the living room, we see the lovers' rear ends as he resumes pounding into her. The husband returns for something else, and we see Elizabeth's lover slowly withdraw his cock, giving us the rear view of her open pussy, smooth from the lips to her asshole, as he lowers himself fully to the floor. She rotates to join him in a sixty-nine while they wait for her husband to leave again. As soon as the husband does leave, the lovers get back on the bed. He lies on his back, she straddles him, and, facing us, she lowers herself onto his cock and rides up and down on it while she gazes toward the audience. Her breasts slowly bounce up and down and move together in circles, and we're close enough to see how hard her nipples are, and we can see part of the glistening wet cock each time she slides up on it. As hubby comes back to get something else from the dresser, the lovers dive off the bed again. This charade continues, with the lovers scurrying from bed to floor and back again, followed by the warm glow of the spotlight.
When both the spouses come into the bedroom to search for whatever it was that the husband had been looking for, a wristwatch or something, the lovers are running out of places to hide. So, with his cock firmly embedded in her pussy the lovers crawl like an eight-legged beetle, out of the bedroom, through the door, to behind the sofa, his cock never coming out. Then the spouses return to the sofa and continue their chatting, while the cheating pair continues their fucking, literally behind their backs. The lovers are cheating while their spouses are chatting!
I notice that Elizabeth keeps a small towel in her hand, using it to wipe her pussy to absorb some of the flow of her juices. Even so, I see plenty of fluid running down the insides of her legs, clear and glistening under the spotlights.
Eventually her lover must sneak around to the other side of the living room so he can escape through the front door to return later, dressed for dinner. At the same time, Elizabeth sneaks back into her bedroom to get dressed. Eventually all four meet in the living room to go out for dinner. After an imagined time lapse for the restaurant, and the younger couple has said their 'good nights' and left for their own home, the final scene has Elizabeth back in the bedroom, naked and having sex again. But this time with the actor playing her husband. She's on the bed on all fours, facing away from us. His face is in her ass, probably deep enough to be tonguing her pussy from underneath. He pulls his face out and replaces it with his huge cock and begins rhythmically plunging into her. Between their legs we can see her breasts swinging in time with his plunges. After several minutes of action he withdraws and moves aside, his cock still erect and spurting all over her back and bottom. She holds the pose. The last things we see as the spotlight fades are the letters "THE END" projected across Elizabeth's firm round semen-riddled bottom, and her own juices oozing from her still open pussy. Fade to total darkness. The play is over. Except for the sweet smells of Elizabeth's juices lingering in the sex-charged air.
Except for the scene when all four meet to go to dinner, the lovers were romping around completely nude, mostly having sex either on the bed or on the floor, or hiding behind furniture, staying low and out of sight of their nave spouses. In the course of each performance, Elizabeth's character, and thus Elizabeth herself, has sex with two different actors. Her real-life husband, in the audience for every performance, counted about twenty separate penetrations each night.
For the curtain call, the lovers took their bows nude, each holding a pillow from the bed. Even though she'd been using the towel, her juices were still flowing down her legs. Nobody had to ask if the sex was real. Her arousal was very obvious to us in the audience, and she incorporated any chance orgasms into the play. She said she was really thrilled to be performing like this in front of her real husband. And to be seen having orgasms in view of the full house of forty or so audience members, knowing that in this small playhouse everyone was close enough to see what was going on, and, to add realism, to know the scent of her sex. Which we did.
She did the entire run of twelve performances without an understudy, but twice during the run they had to replace male actors who had trouble keeping their cocks inside her as they moved around.
The casting calls required that she fit her pussy to the cock of each of the actors auditioning for the role of her lover, in the various positions and maneuvers called for in the script. The test was to get into doggie-style position then see if he could keep up with her movements without his cock slipping out, just like in the play. A further requirement was that he either had to maintain his erection for the entire play, or, if he ejaculated and lost his erection, he had to regain it within a few minutes, preferably while still inside her, since Elizabeth did not want to have to deal with trying to stuff a limp cock into herself. She eliminated several dozen men before finding a few whose cocks she could work with. She volunteered her husband as a stage hand, so he was an observer for all the tryouts and rehearsals. She reminded him that this was what he'd always pressured her to do, so now he had to live with it.
After the second actor was dismissed after only one performance, even after she hastily added an impromptu handjob to the script in an effort to revive his erection, Elizabeth remembered the young stud she'd modeled with, and figured his thick cock wouldn't likely slip out. She suggested him to the casting director, and so Elizabeth was paired with him for the rest of the run. But she did have to spend a lot of extra off-stage time with him inside her to help him control his ejaculations better. She got her husband and most of the stage crew to observe and make sure they got it right.
The effect of the play was very erotic. Elizabeth's character was literally in the limelight of an otherwise darkened set, constantly moving stealthily from one covert sex act to the next, all the while hiding from her stage husband. Aside from the story line, just the very fact of watching the real Elizabeth, her white flesh offset only by the hair on her head and over her pussy, and her tight dark nipples, naked and tumbling around playfully, revealing all of herself to the bright light trained on her, was exciting. And once her young stud took over the role of her lover, his darker skin made her lighter skin stand out even more. When he was pumping her from behind, I could actually hear the slurping of their juices as his cock suctioned in and out of her pussy.
After the final performance, she took the curtain call without the pillow, and, at her real husband's side, remained nude for the cast party. Except that she wore her glasses. Her pubic hair was stiff with dried semen and matted with her own love juices. She told us that while she was on stage acting, she felt completely alone, because with the spotlight always in her eyes and the rest of the house being pitch black, she was totally unaware of her audience. She also told us she felt extremely vulnerable, since she couldn't be aware of anything or anybody more than about five feet away, the limit of the circle of light around her. Especially when her unprotected and sensitive bottom was toward the audience and she could feel the air on her wetness. She told us that this was much more unnerving than just being nude or even having sex with men who weren't her husband.
She also mentioned that during the first few performances she was so wet with juice leaking from her pussy, she felt like her legs weren't even part of her anymore, that they were just sliding past each other. But then by the time the play ended the slickness was turning gooey and drying, so now her legs were sticking together!
After attending one of those early performances, her daughter suggested that mom really needed to start using a towel!
I asked her son how he felt seeing his mom's performance, and he answered that since he'd become an adult and no longer living in the house, he regards her as one of the hottest women he knows. And that even though she's forty his friends keep trying to hit on her. A few even come to art class when they know she's the model. As for seeing her nude, as soon as he turned eighteen she stripped for him and had him go over every inch of her body just to get it out of the way, because she knew that soon he'd see her naked somewhere, like in this play. Also, she had him watch her making love with her husband, because she wanted to prepare him for when he'd eventually see her doing it on stage. He was glad she showed him, and he felt that she'd prepared him well for seeing her in this play. He hoped that he could find and marry a girl just like his mom.
Only later did I find out that the play had been written by Elizabeth herself, and she had dedicated it to her husband! She pointed him out at every curtain call, asking him each time if she'd shown enough of herself that night. Then she'd toss him the drenched towel.
After the initial run of twelve performances, many patrons who'd enjoyed the show asked for another run, but with a smooth Elizabeth. So, the following season, she reprised her role, again choosing to play opposite the young male model. And, for opening night, she wrote and performed a special scene about a woman going to a men's barber shop and convincing them to shave her pubic area. For this scene, Elizabeth is upside down in the barber's chair, naked crotch and legs in the air, the rest of her covered by the barbershop apron except for her face peeking out the bottom. The barber is working on her crotch while other customers are getting normal haircuts and reading their newspapers. Mimicking with his own mouth how he wants her to position her labia, the barber asks her to extend her legs this way and that, so he can get at all the creases and folds in her pussy. Eventually he holds the mirror so she can see the result of his work. The scene closes with Elizabeth shrieking as the barber slaps some unexpected minty aftershave onto her freshly sensitive skin. This added scene was so popular they had to add it to the remaining performances, using a merkin so they'd have some "hair" to remove.
The result, of course, was a truly nude Elizabeth ready for her young paramour, and, as the original playwright, she altered parts of the play to show off her newly visible inner lips. Ticket sales for the second season skyrocketed.
*******************************************
Rewind to a month or so after my first art class, while Elizabeth still had her pubic hair.
A flyer arrived in the mail, advertising the opening reception for an exhibit of drawings and paintings made by students in the Tuesday evening class. There'd be a reception, selected works would be on display, ribbons would be awarded, and the public was invited. The artists and models were encouraged to attend. Adults only. It gave the time and place.
I called Elizabeth to learn more about it. Being on the faculty and also a participant in the art program, she was one of the organizers of this exhibit. She was excited that several of the artists were entering pictures they had made of her, and they had asked her to help choose which ones. She suggested I join her and her husband and friends at the opening. I accepted.
About a week before the event, she asked us to come to the studio to observe the committee choose which drawings of her to display. Being a beginner, none of mine made the initial cut. I was relieved.
On the way there, I asked her if she thought the explicit sex pictures would be shown. She replied "I hope so! Why do you think it said Adults Only, dummy?" I pressed further, asking if she really wanted everybody who attends to know what her clit looks like, and to see pictures of her having sex, especially if her face is recognizable. "Well, as for the clit, or a tit, or my ass, or my arm, or whatever, it's just a part of me, and I'd show the real thing to anybody who asked to see it, so what's the big deal about a picture? Seeing me having sex is OK too, even people who don't know me know that by my age I've probably had sex a few times, so why not let them see a picture? And, yes, my face should be recognizable if the artist is any good. So they'll all know it's me. Probably everyone in this college knows I'm naked most Tuesday nights and on the table at the Physiology Lab, and anyone who wants to can come see the real me, naked, and once in a while with a nice cock sliding into me. Anyway, I'll be at the reception and they can match things up if they want to. Or, they can just enjoy looking at art."
When we got there for the selection process, drawings and paintings of all the models were pinned or taped up all around the walls and on easels, some of models in costumes of various descriptions but mostly nudes. The deans of the art department and the engineering department, Elizabeth's boss, and a few others were there, already looking at the pictures. Most were gathered around a large framed oil painting of Elizabeth and the male model in that final pose of the first class I attended.
The canvas, which could only have been created after class from the artist's sketches, showed her in a just-been-fucked, but still wanting more, attitude, lips open to reveal the pool of fresh semen oozing out of her vagina, her clitoris on display and coated with creamy fluid, all glistening under the floodlights. The male model's cock, still semi-rigid, was shown as I remembered it, along the crease inside her leg, and smeared with the same fluid. Right and left are the models' faces, Elizabeth's mouth open as if to ask if someone will please fuck her again. Her vagina is still open, as if with the same request. From all the sperm leaking out of her, it's obvious that he's just had his orgasm. She's smiling, her eyes asking the viewer for permission to break the pose and explode in her own orgasm. The male's face is turned toward hers. He has a finger hooked in her labia, stretching it out to widen her entrance, his thumb teasing her clitoris upward toward the viewer. Her own hand is resting lazily on his dark cock, her wedding ring in view. With the brighter light highlighting their joined crotches, the overall effect is to draw attention to the sexual activity there. A strand of silvery fluid leaves a trail from the tip of his cock to her vagina, further emphasizing the very recent mating of the two. The juices of their union are apparent everywhere, slick and shiny under the soft light. The innocence suggested by her eyeglasses contrasts with the wantonness of her yawning vagina.
The work was one of great skill and lifelike detail. The arrangement of the arms, legs, torsos, and heads, along with the contrast in skin tones, made for a pleasing composition. Although the focal point of the painting is their joined crotches, the artist's true mastery is in how she captured the lack of sexual restraint we can read in Elizabeth's face.
From the painting, the judges turned to see the real Elizabeth enter. Nobody noticed me or her husband. They stepped away from the painting to take turns hugging her and to congratulate her on her bravery in doing this pose. The Dean of the art school, a woman, was a little unnerved at the boldness of the painting and thought maybe it shouldn't be on public display. She wanted to know how Elizabeth felt about being so exposed in such a vulnerable pose, shown covered with sperm and her own juices and clearly wanting to finish an orgasm. She got the same answers I'd gotten on the way here. And, Elizabeth added that viewers wouldn't be seeing her, they would only be seeing a piece of canvas with paint on it, and if seeing the painting suggested that she, Elizabeth, might do something like what was shown, that's OK because she really does do stuff like that, and quite often. So they decided not only to select it, but that this would be the centerpiece of the exhibit.
The Dean knew Elizabeth's husband and asked if he was OK with their decision to show the painting, since he'd effectively be sharing the intimate details of his wife's body and perceived wantonness with anyone who came to the exhibit. Before he could answer, Elizabeth explained about how he'd always urged her to display herself and now he was getting what he'd always wanted. The decision stood.
Over the next half hour, they went around and chose only a few more of Elizabeth, since other models, including her sister, deserved to be shown as well. Elizabeth suggested they use one she thought contained some humor: one of the "perinium" poses, the one where she's looking back out between her spread legs and her dangling breasts as if asking the viewer to come in. From top to bottom, the drawing shows asshole, open pussy, clit, then her upside-down face between her tits, nipples pointing straight down. One of the judges noted that in this sketch the shape of her open mouth reflected the shape of her open labia, and that her tongue looked like her clitoris. Elizabeth congratulated him on catching her joke, she had planned it that way when doing the pose! They laughed and of course chose to include it. They'd place this one near the exit, where patrons would see it as they left.
*******************************************
The evening of the exhibit rolled around. When I arrived to join her and her group for dinner, she stood in the doorway naked, since she was still trying to decide between two outfits and could I help them choose. On her feet she wore shiny black high heels, and slung over one arm was what looked like a small poncho made of some sort of thin black material. When she held it out, it was about eight feet by two feet, with a circular opening in the middle. There was a lengthwise cut from that opening to one of the short edges. She lifted it over her head, let the long ends drape over her shoulders, with the cut down the middle in front. So now it looked like she was wearing a poncho, just wide enough for her slim width and long enough to cover her body down to her hips, both front and back. Her sides were bare. She then circled her waist with a thin red cord to hold everything together. Her bare legs were still uncovered from the waist down, but with cord in place the front and sides overlapped slightly. It could easily pass for an elegant but daring Little Black Cocktail Dress, ideal for an art opening or formal event.
But without the cord, the thin material just hung from her shoulders with nothing to keep it close to her body. Her sides were bare from her armpits to her feet, revealing the sides of her breasts, and the front was open from her neck to the floor.
Of course, with or without the cord there could be no underwear.
Those were the two choices: cord or no cord. Could I and her sisters and brother and husband and the two other friends please help her choose? Naked, she waited while we debated the issue. Would we be arrested? I couldn't imagine anyone except a jealous wife or girlfriend filing a complaint. Taking the conservative side, we suggested she wear the cord and then after a while, if conditions were right, one of us would be glad to hold it for her. Cord in place, off we went.
With the cord, she was street-legal, all panels of the fabric being held in place and even slightly overlapping. No skin showing except what you'd see with a normal cocktail dress.
After a pleasant dinner with Elizabeth sitting in ladylike fashion but making no special effort to keep her knees together and the rest of us, especially me, barely able to concentrate on either conversation or food, we made our way to the opening.
As soon as we got inside the door, I felt Elizabeth press something into my hand as she darted off to catch up with an acquaintance she spotted. Seeing the back of her outfit trail behind her, exposing her ass, and the two panels in front part to reveal her cleavage and slight bush, I realized I was holding her cord in my hand! Until her outfit caught up with her, I could see more skin than fabric. I needed a drink.
Two drinks in my hands, I approached Elizabeth and her circle of friends. She was talking animatedly with them, excited that they had come to see the art. And her. As long as she stood still, the back panel covered her ass, and the two front panels lay neatly one over each breast but left a gap exposed from her neck to the floor, which, of course, again exposed her pussy, just like at the concert. Now I realized why she'd been letting her bush grow. And of course, from the sides she looked naked for her entire height. The black satin made an attractive contrast with the light hue of her skin. Lots of skin.
Whenever she gestured with her arms, or reached for a drink we'd brought her, one of the front panels would slip to the side and catch on a nipple. Oblivious, she would just leave it that way until her next movement might bring it back. If she twirled around to greet someone at her side, all three panels took a few seconds to catch up with her moving body, exposing everything until the panels settled back into their proper positions. She was so engaged in conversation that she paid no attention to whether or not she was covered. For the rest of the evening she walked around with the front panels parted, revealing a wide swath of white from her neck to the floor, engaging in conversation about how her body had been rendered by the various artists.
About halfway into the two-hour reception, the Dean of the art school announced awards in several categories: gesture sketches, drawings, and paintings. For the overall prize we were asked to gather around a large veiled panel set up on an easel. Two attendants whisked the veil away, revealing the large painting of Elizabeth and the male covered in their conjugal fluids. The audience gasped, the room fell silent, and Elizabeth emerged from behind one side of the easel and her posing mate from the other side, with the artist in front to accept her Best-in-Show ribbon. Shock. Applause. Outrage. Amazement. Confusion. Looking at the faces of the gathered patrons, I saw all of these emotions and reactions. But Elizabeth's face was beaming with pride, and when asked to give a little speech she said what an honor it had been to pose with this model, whom she had met only a few minutes before posing. More consternation and confusion from the audience!
Sensing the patrons' confusion over her obviously having had sex with a person she'd only just met, she changed the subject. Holding her husband's elbow, she related the story of how he'd suggested she display her body, how she resisted at first, and how she'd discovered the joys of nudity on her own. She left out the part about him licking the wrong pussy on the beach, and didn't mention her other sexual adventures, but did say the two of them were always ready to help the university in any way they could. Applause!
As the reception drew to a close, muted laughter came from near the exit. Someone had discovered the similarity between the two sets of lips in the painting of her bent over and peeking back at us between her dangling breasts and her legs. Both her clitoris and her tongue are extended, each suggesting the other. And she's winking at us with one eye and with her asshole. She who laughs last laughs best!