Have you ever been seized with that uncontrollable passion for your partner that you just have to have them...now? No matter where you are or what you are doing?
This tale is about one of those times during young love when my partner and I could just not wait until we got home. Well actually, she was the one who apparently couldn't wait and I was the lucky recipient of her desire.
It was late spring and we were young newlyweds. Still in that phase where our desire for each other was always high. I recall getting ready for the wedding of one of our friends and just wanting to ravage her body. My wife, Linda, has a lovely body. 5'7", curvy and busty and soft. I was in a near constant state of erection around her, and we were always ripe to take advantage of those frequent erections. I, myself, am not bad looking but pretty average in the endowment department. The one thing that is above average on both of us was our sex drive.
Being a typical guy, it didn't take me very long to get ready. A quick shower, a shave, fix my hair, a hint of cologne and put on the clothes that you already set out for me. That left me way too much time to sit with a beer and just watch her get ready.
A nice long steamy shower followed by her parading around in just a towel as she gathered her make-up and clothes. I loved seeing her cute bottom just barely concealed by that towel. Every time she bent or twisted, I was treated to a peek of her lovely ass. Occasionally there would be the briefest flash of her juicy looking lips peeking right back at me. I was enjoying myself by stroking my erection through my pants watching her prance around.
I especially loved watching her put on her make-up and fixing her hair in the mirror. Every twist and tug caused her lovely breasts to jiggle around under the towel. And putting eye liner on while standing on her tip toes facing into the mirror caused her butt to be exposed and pushed her tits out further. Two minutes into this process, and the towel suddenly unravels from her chest and falls to the floor. Jutting breasts, ass pointed out on tip toes, such a lovely view for my voyeuristic stare.
As she applied the finishing touches, she called out to me. "Enjoying the show loverboy?"
"I don't know what you are talking about?" came my reply.
"You know I can see you in the mirror, don't you?"
"I'm just relaxing with a beer waiting for you to be ready."
"I can see that tent in your pants you've been playing with from all the way in here."
"It's not my fault my wife is so sex." I replied.
Hmmm, keep telling me that loverboy."
The show continued, only now her nipples were a bit bigger and I could see her blushing. When she came back into the bedroom to get her skirt, I swear she was a little more dramatic with her movements. Bending over to get her skirt off the bed and holding that pose of her dangling breasts for a second longer than was necessary. Turning to the dresser she bent over to retrieve her panties and her legs were parted a bit more than usual. The view was spectacular and there was definitely a hint of moisture now. When she turned her head to blow me a kiss, I couldn't take any more and had to free my cramped erection.
"Don't waste that, I am gonna want some of that later," she purred.
"There's plenty for now and for later," I said.
It was like a sexy striptease in reverse as I watched her get dressed and lazily stroked my hard cock. She may have sensed I was getting close to cumming because she purposely finished dressing in record time much to my disappointment.
She stopped in the middle of the bedroom and just stared at me. Her eyes drifted from my face and down to my erection and back up several times.
As she stared, I pulled my fist slowly up my shaft and paused at the top and squeezed hard to force a drop of pre-cum to seep out. The whimper that escaped her was barely audible, but I heard it.
"We could put this to good use before we leave for the wedding," I told her.
Shaking herself out of her trance, she replied "we don't have enough time."
"We could be fashionably late," I said.
"You can't walk into a church late you ass."
With that, she left the bedroom and gathered the rest of her things from the living room.
"You better put that thing away and get your ass in gear," she yelled.
Reluctantly, I tidied myself up and joined her in the living room and out the door we went
The drive to the church was maybe 30 minutes and since it was Saturday afternoon, traffic was light. As I drove down the highway, my hand made its way to her thigh and gently rubbed up and down, but not going to far up her thigh. She allowed this to happen and she didn't protest when my hand went a little higher and the strokes became longer and firmer. I was soon pushing underneath her skirt and approaching her upper thigh almost contacting her panties. I could see her eyes closed out of the corner of my eye, but no other signs from her.
I teased the sensitive skin of her upper thigh and just brushing my finger against her panties. Inching closer to her sex millimeter by millimeter. I could feel the intense heat against my hand. I got bolder and lightly traced the outline of her lips through her soft, satin panties. I heard her moan softly and let her breath out. I love making her moan.
It was hard to concentrate on the road and maneuver my fingers to bring her maximum pleasure in the confines of the front seat, but I tried my best. I could feel the heat and moisture of her pussy through her panties and pressed the fabric firmly into her sex while rubbing in small circles. The cute little whimpers let me know if I was doing a good job or not. All too soon, however, we had arrived at the church and the disappointment on your face was very evident as I removed my hand from under your skirt.
"Dammit, just a little longer would have been nice!" she said aloud.
"I could drive around the block a few times."
"No, we're already here so we might as well go in," she said with heavy frustration.
So into the church we went and took our seats off to the side. The wedding was as lovely as expected and soon we made our way to the reception in a very classy old hotel. Dinner was delicious and I we both enjoyed conversations with close friends and several glasses of wine. After a while, we needed to get up to stretch our legs.
There was no real dance floor, so we milled around for a bit and then spotted the huge balcony off to the side of the room. It was a huge balcony that could hold many people, most of whom were friends of ours so we could always continue to mingle out there. Plus, the fresh air was wonderful.
Outside, we stopped and chatted with old friends and with some people we barely knew. The drinks and conversation were both relaxing and the fresh, night air had us both feeling good.
After a while, Linda was leaning into my body and was letting her hands get a little playful. Nothing overtly obvious, but I could feel her hands flirting with my body and her soft kisses on my face and neck were certainly welcome and distracting. I was definitely succumbing to her attentions, and my arousal was becoming evident. Linda noticed too, and she discretely grabbed and rubbed my hardening cock through my pants on a few occasions.
I blushed beet red every time her hands got a little playful. It is a good thing we were outside in the moonlight so I could hide my condition. I wasn't about to complain, but it was a little unnerving being groped amongst a group of people that we knew. It was also very exciting.
As people milled in and out, my wife took an opportunity when the crowd thinned out to about 15 people to pull my arm and lead me towards the doors. I assumed we were heading back inside to refresh our drinks, but Linda had other plans.
As we got closer to the French doors of the balcony, she pulled on my arm directing us into a little corner to the side of the doors. I didn't know what was going on, but I didn't really care as soon as her lips met mine and she pulled me tight to her body. Her tongue explored the inside of my mouth and her hands pulled me tighter and tighter to her. I was really enjoying our impromptu make out session and didn't realize that Linda's fingers were in the process of unbuttoning my pants and pulling the zipper down. When my hard cock was exposed to the night air, I nearly lost my breath.
I was trying to ask her what the hell she was doing when I felt her soft, slender fingers gently massaging my engorged cock head.
"Shhhh, just enjoy yourself," was all she said before kneeling down in front of me.
My mouth flew open and I started to grunt some type of protest when she pulled my cock forcefully breaking me out of my spell. Her bright eyes and widening smile seemed to calm me, and the feeling of her moist lips encompassing my shaft melted away any last concerns I might be having.
I watched my swollen cockhead disappear between her soft lips several times before I even though to look around and assess the situation. I looked over my shoulder toward the expanse of the balcony and could see several people in the near darkness still laughing and talking. I took notice of the darkened corner we were in. It was plenty dark where we were, and we were sort of tucked away into a corner.
I hadn't taken any notice of our corner while we were mingling on the balcony, so I tried to re-assure myself that most of the others wouldn't even suspect to look over here. That thought, along with the silky feel of my wife's mouth and skilled tongue travelling up and down my rock hard shaft put me totally at ease. Or, at least to a point that I didn't give a dam any more.
At this point, Linda was fully engaged in one of her exquisite blowjobs. Her oral talents are masterful to say the least. Soft, wet mouth that travels slowly up and down my shaft with incredible little flicks and swirls of her tongue that send shivers up and down my cock. Soft, gentle sucking mingled with hard and fierce suction that always keeps me on the edge.
I looked down into her soft eyes and marveled at the sight of my cock parting her lips. I could feel her tongue bathe the shaft over and over. Her delicate fingers cradled and rubbed my balls softly in tandem with her lovely mouth. I was so worked up all night, that I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out too long. But it felt so wonderful, I wanted it to last forever.
Linda realized the risk she was taking however, and amped up the stimulation by bringing her hand into the mix. Slick with saliva, her hand glided up and down my cock along with her mouth. Both working in tandem to bring me to the point of ecstasy quickly and sharply. Her wet, sucking mouth and slick hand gripped and pulled my close to climax.
She could tell my breathing had quickened, and my cock had swelled to almost bursting inside her mouth. She had me right on the very edge of cumming. Then she stopped, perfectly still. She was teasing me and I had no way of stopping her. I wanted to scream out for her to please let me cum. She just smiled up at me and pulled my cock almost all the way out of her mouth.
I watched my little minx hold my shaft on her tongue, mouth open, eyes locked on mine. She just held me there, lapping at the underside of my shaft with her tongue. Those eyes burned into me. Then I felt her fingers tickling my balls and straying further down almost making it to my ass. Her tongue just lapped my cock as her fingers explored. I was right on the edge of exploding for what seemed like an eternity.
Then she rubbed that very sensitive spot just behind my balls in small, gentle circles. Rubbing and lapping my cock until my cockhead swelled bigger than it ever had before and I could feel my climax about to burst forth. When her finger made contact with my asshole, it was all over.
Cum started shooting out of my cock into her open mouth. Forceful, copious blasts. One after another, directly into her open mouth. God, that was the most erotic sight I had ever seen and it was literally right in front of me. I screamed in silence as I felt my cum bursting out of me.
After 5 or 6 eruptions into Linda's waiting mouth, my cock finally stopped erupting. To my utter astonishment, Linda continued to roll her cream soaked tongue back and forth across the shaft of my cock. My body continued to jerk involuntarily few a few more moments as the greatest blowjob of my life was coming to an end.
When I finally caught my breath and started to come down to earth, I was treated to the near pornographic display of my lovely wife closing her overflowing mouth to swallow her present and watching the stray strands of pearly whiteness drip down her chin and landing directly in her ample cleavage. If I hadn't been thoroughly drained, I could have cum from that sight alone.
Linda stood up trying to catch the stray drops as best she could. I snapped out of my trance and tried to make myself presentable. She looked radiant after her expert blowjob and I was completely sated.
"We better get back to the party before somebody comes looking for us," she whispered.
"Yeah, but I am not sure I can walk to steadily after that."
Then she grabbed my arm as we sneaked back into the reception.
"I'm just gonna go tidy up before we say our goodbyes. Then I am going to jump you as soon as we get home," she said with a twinkle in her eye. Then she made her way towards the ladies room.
After a few minutes, she returned and we stopped by a few of the tables to say goodbye before heading home to continue our festivities. When we made it down to the parking garage, I pulled her close for a passionate kiss before getting in the car.
"You missed a drop," I said as I slipped a finger into her cleavage and scooped up a stray, pearly drop she had missed.
Linda started to blush a deep red before I brought my dripping finger up to her mouth and watched her pink tongue sneak out to lick it off of my finger. I pressed my mouth onto hers as we shared the pearly drop between us in a final sexy kiss.
The End