On the approach to the hotel, all of the guys took turns in squeezing our breasts and sliding their inquisitive hands onto our smooth pussies. Shelley was as much an exhibitionist as I, thrilled at the notion of being sexually stimulated out in the open, with the general public available to gawp as much as they want.
I got an extra thrill from having a partner in crime and as we got closer to the hotel, the thought of partaking in some girl on girl action was making my pussy fizz more so than normal.
The rough abrasive sexual pleasure of a hard cock pounding me followed by the delicate feminine licking of my pussy was an intriguing thought to say the very least.
Giggling our way through the hotel lobby, we all piled into the elevator waiting for the door to close. I was in the middle of the elevator along with Shelley, as every single hand in the car made its way to our pussies, assholes and breasts.
The scene in the elevator was reminiscent of something from the orgies of ancient Rome.Even Shelley's husband was sliding a finger into my asshole!I was being pleasured in all directions, and not fully aware of who was actually providing the pleasure.
The ride in the elevator can't have lasted more than thirty seconds but I can guarantee it was easily the most sexually packed thirty seconds in the history of the universe. It turns out that Shelley was a serious gusher as a deluge of female ejaculate burst from her pussy. She was shaking with lust as the guys had three fingers in her ass, three fingers in her shaved slit, both breasts were exposed and being mauled perfectly, with one of the guys giving her his tongue to suck.
Some of her gushing orgasm hit the back of my legs. I couldn't believe the force her gushing orgasm had splattered with. This was one very hot sexy slut. It was obvious that with a sexual appetite so ferocious, there was no way she would have been able to maintain a monogamous faithful lifestyle. She was born to slut and I had found my sexual sister.
Everyone began to leave the lift as Shelley and I moved toward the doorway of the guys room. Shelley pushed softly into the wall. Turning me around so I faced the wall, she knelt down, her face resting on my covered buttocks. She rolled my tight dress over my thighs and buttocks, revealing my come splashed legs to our audience. Next she ran her tongue down the crack of my ass, causing me to moan and squirm with sexual delight. Her vibrant tongue snaked down the back of my thighs, licking her cum from my legs in the process.
Her tongue was sexual work of art, sending chills up and down my spine as she removed the cum from my legs. I parted my legs instinctively asking one of the guys to record this on an iPhone. Shelley placed two of her immaculately manicured fingers inside my pussy, gently rotating her fingers, as her talon-like nails softly scratched the spongy flesh of my GSpot.
Inevitably after a few twists and turns of her expert fingers, my own gushing orgasm burst from my pussy. Shelley's fingers and face were coated in my female ejaculate as I quivered from sexual exasperation. The guys all roared their delight as one of them said.
"Fucking hell lets take this inside the room!"
A key card swiped the door as the clicking sound of unlocking opened the door for us as everyone piled into the room rapidly.I couldn't see anything for the first ten seconds or so, as both mine and Shelley's dresses were removed with haste, leaving us both naked with the exception of our high heels.
I got to see my partner in crime naked for the first time and I have to confess she did possess a very sexy body indeed. Her breasts were just a little smaller than mine, but had the most delectable nipples. They were almost half an inch in length and were rock hard erect. Her waist was slender and toned and her pussy glass smooth. She had a navel piercing, a pierced right nipple and a little scorpion tattoo just above her shaved mound.
I assumed she was a Scorpio, the same as me. The sexiest of all the zodiac signs I'm led to believe.
Her ass was rock hard and very shapely. It was clear as day that this lady worked out and kept her figure in excellent shape. Her legs were toned, slender and tanned along with the rest of her body with the distinct exception of a very small white triangle framing her shaved pussy, almost identical to my own.
Her bobbed blonde hair topped off her sexual perfection and I could feel my pussy tingling as I looked at her ravishingly.
I moved toward her and we made our way to the bed. I eased her onto the bed as her legs opened allowing me to position myself between her salacious limbs. Her high heels rested on my buttocks as we began to kiss each other softly. Our delicate feminine lips brushed each other as our tongues seductively excited each other. Her tongue was somewhat longer than mine, which I was sincerely looking forward to worming its way inside my pussy and ass.
Placing both hands on her shaved pussy, I opened her up, showing her pink wetness to the room. I kissed my way down her taut stomach and flicked my tongue over the exposed clitoris. Her hips thrust upward, forcing my tongue deeper into her opening. The heat from her pussy was mesmerising as she gently thrust against my tongue.
I could feel her body trembling and her labia quivering with sexual excitement.
"Lick my cunt!" She screamed as her orgasm surged through her body.
Her second gushing orgasm of the evening was spewing out of her opening, over my tongue and lips, pouring into my mouth and face.I have never tasted anything so sexually delicious.
I gently lapped at her pussy like a kitten licking cream from a saucer. The gentleness of my tongue against her aroused pussy had her chest heaving as she whispered to our audience.
"Please someone fuck me!"
Lifting my head from between her legs and said.
"And me!"
Shelley slid from beneath me as one of the guys took my place between her legs and shoved his cock inside her cunt forcibly. It slid in easy as her pussy was drenched, her gushing orgasm and some of my saliva.
Shelley moaned loudly as the cock began to pound her. I was positioned on my knees, when I felt a large cock nudge at my pussy opening and begin to slide inside my pussy very slowly. I had no idea at that moment who was sliding their cock into me which only added to the naughtiness of the situation. Whoever's cock it was, it was a magnificent specimen, stretching me wonderfully and reaching my cervix with every thrust. I leant forward and began to kiss Shelley, as our cock masters took us to orgasm. It was a delightful new experience getting pounded roughly, while the soft feminine delicate lips of another woman explored my own lips and tongue.
I took almost as much pleasure from her orgasm as I did my own. It was a very spiritual moment for two women enjoying the pleasure of each other's orgasms.
Our libido was now truly out of the box as the atmosphere in the room reached another sexual level. With four cocks available, I decided that Shelleys husband and one of the young guys would pleasure me, while Shelley could enjoy the sexual delights of the other two young guys, and if we had enough energy afterwards we could swap around.
Shelley whooped with delight at my suggestion and added a little spice to it by suggesting.
"I'll hold your guys' cocks and guide them into your pussy and asshole, and you can do the same for me. We'll need to do this separately so that one of the guys is free to film this!"
One of the Youngs jumped up and shouted.
"Shit! I forgot to press record on the camera!" He said pointing at a camera on a tripod."Could you ladies lick each other's cunts again. That was so hot and we missed recording it!" He said almost apologetically.
Shelley looked at him smiling and said.
"Suzi you lay on the bed with your legs wide open. I'll kneel between your legs and lick your cunt and you my friend will fuck my ass once you've pressed record!"
I spread out on the bed as the young guy moved to set up the camera. Shelley knelt between my legs and began to expertly service my pussy with silky tongue and soft full lips. Her guy knelt behind her. I heard him spit on her asshole and felt her squirm with delight as he began to lubricate her asshole. As his tongue forced its way inside her obviously tight asshole, she lunged forward and pushed her incredibly long tongue inside my pussy. I have had cocks smaller than her tongue inside me in the past. Her tongue was rotating slowly as my pussy adored every snake-like movement of her incredible tongue.
Her lips were actually kissing my labia as though she was making out with my pussy. This extremely sexual being was approaching yet another orgasm as her guy fucked her ass expertly. Her sexual moans of pleasure were vibrating along my vaginal walls adding a whole new source of pleasure to the proceedings. As nature intended our orgasms were in perfect unison. I gushed my orgasm into her hungry mouth as she clamped her mouth over my pussy, ensuring she collected every drop of my ejaculate. Her eyes looked up toward mine as they partially rolled with pleasure, as her lover continued to pleasure her asshole with his huge cock.What happened next is a complete sexual pleasure blur.
All bodies in the room became entwined in some form or another. Shelley was moved from between my legs and carried over to the sofa, where her young guys slipped one cock in her ass and another into her sexy mouth.
I was turned over onto my knees as Shelley's husband slid his quite impressive cock deep inside my pussy, slowly riding me from behind as he clung on to my tiny waist. The other young guy stood in front me waving his huge erect cock into my face.
I opened my mouth and let his cock ease rest on my bottom lips as he eased the entire length into my grateful mouth. We fucked, sucked and licked, rotating partners for the next two hours. Both Shelley and I experienced the pleasure of a hard cock in every available hole that we have with the added bonus of every hole receiving at least one powerful load of hot spicy spunk.
We really had performed way beyond expectations and had totally spent the young guys and Shelley's husband.
I looked across at the camera expert and said.
"I want a copy of that and you also promised me a copy of the video you took when you all fucked me yesterday!"
He grinned as he walked over to a table and picked a copied DVD of my exploits from the day before. Handing me the disc he said.
"The new one will be ready tomorrow. You can collect it if you want and we can have a rerun!"
Shelley perked up and said.
"Am I invited?"
"You fucking better believe it!" I smiled.
"I'll bring my husband along to watch and work the camera properly!" I confirmed.
Shelley stood up from the sofa, drenched in sweat and spunk as she held out her hand to me and said.
"Let's get a shower and these guys can get us some drinks!" She purred.
I took her hand and we went off to shower where we enjoyed a nice long tender kissing session, where our hands and fingers gently explored each other's openings.
I was really enjoying this sexual entanglement with a woman. I'm sure James would delight in seeing this. I knew before our holiday was over that Shelley and I would spend the night together as she schooled me in the ways lesbian love.
The shower sprinkled and splashed off both of our bodies, as we continued to gently caress and arouse each other. We both loved rough and raunchy sex, but there was an endearing warmth from delicate intimacy we were sharing. I knew in my heart of hearts that Shelley and I could go at it with Dildos and Vibrators like a couple of Bull Dykes, but this was the perfect way to end a serious hotwife gang bang fuck session.
Like old friends we stepped out of the shower and tenderly dried each other.
Walking back into the room completely naked, the stench of sex filled the room. All of the guys were dressed, sitting on the balcony having a can of beer.
Shelley and I slipped back into our dresses, placing our sexy high heels back on our feet and notified the guys that the evening was now at an end. The young guys decided to take themselves off to some nightclub while Shelley and her husband volunteered to escort me to my hotel room.
We all hugged and kissed our goodbyes, making arrangements to repeat the event tomorrow at 9:00 pm meeting up in the hotel bar before heading up to the room to swap sexual body fluids.
We all bundled into the elevator. As soon as the doors closed my pussy and ass were once again invaded by various fingers. The short ride was eventful once again.
The guys shot out of the lift and headed for some nightclub. Shelley and her husband walked me to my hotel. Giving each other a huge hug then a soft tender kiss, I said to Shelley.
"Remember if you want to come along to the Turkish shop tomorrow at 5:15 we can get a nice fuck and a selection of leather goods!" I giggled looking at Shelley smiling.
"I'll meet you outside at 5:10. I'll bring hubby along as he would quite like to see me taking some Turkish cock wouldn't you?" She smiled at her husband as he nodded obediently.
I gave them one last hug and then headed to my room to regale James with my sexual antics and show him the DVD of the previous days sexual frolics. I placed my key card into the slot and the click of the lock opened the door. I pushed the door slowly open and entered the room. To my surprise James was laying on the bed naked, sporting a semi erect cock. I smiled at my husband and mockingly said.
"You haven't been wanking have you?" I said in a fake stern tone.
"I insisted that you keep all of you delicious cum for me!" I smiled, handing him the DVD.
"Is this what I think it is?" He smiled, waving the DVD in the air.
"It's the recording of yesterday's antics!" I informed James.
"Tonights will be available tomorrow. Which we will collect tomorrow evening as I'm going to get fucked once more and you're going to be the cameraman!" I smiled, slimily crawling onto the bed.
"Plus there is an added bonus. I met a very sexy lady with her cuckold husband who came along tonight. She and I fucked all of the guys and had a little girl on girl action, coming in each others mouths!" I sneered.
"Shelley and her husband will meet us at the Turkish shop tomorrow, where you and her husband can watch us both take the Turkish cocks in every hole. That should just about be enough stretching before the Young guys fuck us senseless!"
James jumped off the bed, placing the DVD into the player on the entertainment unit.
He jumped back on the bed as I removed my dress ensuring to keep my high heels on. James pulled me close to him and whispered.
"Sit on my cock and we'll watch your porno debut!" He grinned.
"Then afterwards you can clean all of the hot spicy spunk out of all my holes" I grinned, as I slid my well fucked pussy over his rampant cock.