WARNING!!
This story contains Father and daughter incest. Between 2 consenting adults. It's written as a fantasy and is not based upon real life stories, or indeed the likelihood of it happening. If that's not your thing move on, there's thousands of other stories out there!
This story can be read solo, but it might be better to read from part 1 to get to know the characters and back story first.
How did it happen? Part 3
"I love you too Dad" she said happily, before disappearing around the door frame.
I closed my eyes, letting the water wash away my sin and I felt some measure of relief that Abby had come to an understanding with me that it could never happen again.
But I still wasn't at ease. I'd done the unthinkable. I'd had sex with my daughter. It crept around in my mind, stalking my conscience. I couldn't help but analyse. Had I forced myself on her? Was I to blame? The worst part was that I'd not stopped myself. I'd enjoyed it. It was a painful realisation and it made me feel dirty when I remembered my poor wife.
I reached for the shower gel and tried to scrub my guilt away.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I won't bore you with the details of the drive to the hospital, collecting my wife or even the following couple of weeks. Abby and I didn't talk about our... indiscretion. She was bright like the sunshine and virtually floated around the house.
I began to worry. I'd expected some measure of sadness, maybe I'd even secretly hoped to see a hint of misery. But she seemed happier than ever. Bright eyed and breezy. My wife noticed immediately.
"Must be a boy" she sighed wistfully, idly toying with her hair. I was only half listening, lost in my own thoughts. "Hmmm... yes" I mumbled vaguely.
She gave me a long searching look.
"It wouldn't hurt you to pay some attention to Abby you know" She chided me. "She's a beautiful woman now, not a little girl. She'll outgrow you and drift away if you're not careful". For some reason this made me pay attention with a start, I nearly spat my coffee out at the irony. If only she knew just how close I'd gotten to our daughter whilst she was in hospital. I wanted to be close to my daughter. Really close. Images flashed through my mind and I suppressed a shudder.
"Time to move" my wife said with a small groan. "Can you help me?" she asked, a trace of discomfort in her voice. I snapped out of my day dream and rushed to my feet, nearly knocking my chair over. The operation had been a success, but had left her with dissolvable stiches and fading pain that flared from time to time. I held out my arm and she gently levered herself up, beginning toward the stairs and her long climb to the bathroom.
Abby breezed past, short floaty PJ shorts and a thin cropped top. She stood in the doorframe and discreetly watched her mother climb the stairs one at a time, clutching the rail for support. Once out of sight, she looked over her shoulder at me, a smirk creasing her lips. Turning slowly, she laid her back against the glossed door frame and raised her eye brows slightly. Time seemed to freeze, as did my heart beat. I watched as she slowly bent her left leg, resting her foot flat against the wood. She arched her back, her midriff tight and toned, her breasts pushing against the soft cotton. Her nipples erect, obviously not constrained by a bra.
She bit her lip and slowly ran her hands down her sides, her eyes fluttering closed. I gazed dry mouthed, barely breathing. Abby's fingers grazed the waistband of her shorts and for a heart stopping moment I thought, I hoped, that she would slip them off. Instead she floated her fingers to her navel, gradually tracing them across her bare tummy and up between her breast. I was transfixed as she caressed her collar, working her fingers sensuously up the sides of her neck and through her hair. She finally stretched her arms up high to lightly caress the top of the doorframe. She gave a satisfied, and smug smile, and turned toward me, dropping her arms to her side.
"Morning Daddy" she said in her best innocent voice. She stopped dead in front of me, not more than a foot. As she bent her head toward me her hair fell across her face and I could smell the light fragrance from her shampoo and conditioner. Lower she bent, and lower the neck of her top dropped. The tips of her hair brushed my cheek. I tried not to look, but I glanced down, her cleavage was on full display. Her firm, ripe teenage breasts were now only partially covered. In that brief moment, I longed to reach out, to touch them and caress them, to hear her sigh. Instead, I screwed my eyes shut and tilted my head upward and away from the temptation of her firm flesh. Abby's face was now so close to mine, I could feel the heat of her skin, my heart was racing, ready to burst from my chest with yearning. I made ready to speak, to put a stop to it by summoning my reserves, but as I opened my eyes, there was Abby, staring into my eyes. I stopped breathing; my words lost as she leaned in to kiss my lips. She was tender, she grazed my lips with hers, her breath hot as she broke away, reaching her hands behind my head, she pulled me toward her again and kissed me firmly, her tongue prying my lips apart, seeking mine. I didn't resist. I kissed her back. The gentleness fading quickly to fire and passion. It seemed like we kissed that way for an eternity, but it could have only been a few fleeting seconds.
A crash from upstairs startled us and we broke apart quickly, Abby wrenching herself away from me, stumbled. Breathlessly she gazed at me intently, animal lust and hunger across her expression. I'm sure mine was similar. I wanted to rush over to her and take her in my arms. Push her against the table and feast on her. Ravish her. Satisfy the animal within me.
I might have if my wife hadn't have called "It's OK, just dropped something in the bath".
I whipped my head to the empty stairs. Safe. But the spell was broken. I looked at Abby, she looked slightly bashful, bit her lip and smiled nervously whilst her right hand toyed with the neck of her top. We said nothing, both of us shocked at the intensity of the reaction.
She hesitated, then turned around and strode to the kitchen worktop, flicking the kettle on. She stood still for a moment, her back toward me. I couldn't think of anything to say, my lust still vying for control over my common sense. The air still crackled with sexual tension. I took her in. She was breath taking. Her long legs were toned and shapely, her shorts were slightly lose, but were cut to snuggle into her firm rounded ass. Her hips tapered into her narrow, toned waist before flaring out to her muscled back and strong shoulders. Abby glanced over her shoulder at me, she knew I was watching her every move. She slowly turned to face front, after a brief hesitation she raised herself on tip toes and spread her legs slightly as though to balance. Her bed shorts rode up her crack as she pushed her ass out a little she reached upward slowly toward a shelf containing spare coffee mugs, making sure I could see her muscles flexing under her bronze skin. She could have chosen one hanging under the cupboard.
Her legs were perfectly defined, amazing and seemingly longer for being stretched on tip toes.
Abby took her time, giving me ample time to gaze at her. Eventually she decided that she wanted one right at the back of the shelf, that she couldn't reach. She bent one of those incredible legs and placed the knee on the work surface, whilst the other leg balanced on the floor precariously on tip toes. The effect made her shorts even tighter and I as she pushed her ass out further to reach higher, I suddenly had a clear view up the leg of her short shorts. My breath caught as I nearly lost control realising that she wasn't wearing any panties.
Her pussy looked shaved around her labia, and I could just make out she was slightly parted. I gazed unabashed at my daughter's pussy, my lust rising, fighting my self-control. It would have been easy to go to her there and then, grab her hips and rub my engorged member against her opening before slipping in to the velvet heat which I'd experienced once before.
The memories flooded back to me, seeing, then touching her smooth skin, running my fingers and tongue all over her, tasting her sweat and her juices, feeling her lose control and flood my mouth with her sweet teenage cum. I remembered her tightness, her wetness then her willingness, the overwhelming heat wrapped around my pulsing cock
My cock twitched violently and I sucked in a sharp breath, stifling a gasp.
At that moment Abby found what she was after and slowly lowered herself down, turning around. She cocked her head to one side and gave me a little smirk.
"You alright Dad?" She asked innocently. She didn't wait for an answer, and she went to make herself some coffee. As she wafted past me I could see that her nipples were erect and trying to escape through her top.
I raised myself half in my seat to go to her and take her. Just as my wife began descending the stairs. I quickly sat down, my cock straining against my shorts. Abby looked thrilled, her eyes wide as she bit her bottom lip and pressed herself against the wall, squeezing her legs together. For the briefest of moments, I thought I saw a damp patch at her crotch. She then fled the kitchen quickly before my wife finally made it down the stairs.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In hind sight, it was never going to take long for things to come to a head again. I went through the now familiar round of mixed emotions, but somehow the guilt felt less as I was consumed with daydreams of Abby. It only took a couple of days. My wife arranged to be picked up by her sister and be taken to her parents for the evening. I had no interest in going with her, I'd never seen eye to eye with my in-laws, and my wife knew she'd have a more relaxed time of it without me. Normally Abby went out on with her friends, and I'd have the whole house to myself. I was looking forward to taking the opportunity to have a luxurious wank. No rush; just me, some baby oil and some porn.
I had a few chores to do and I popped out to the shops to pick up a few essentials. I'd seen Abby go out earlier so I was eager to get back and read some stories, wanking myself slowly to climax.
I walked through the door, my arms full of milk, bread and other essentials and began ot make my way to the kitchen. I never made it, at least not then. I saw the light on in the living room, I knew I'd turned it off, I was OCD about leaving lights on. I strained my hearing and heard the unmistakable sound of groans of pleasure. My first reaction was: Shit It must be Abby, she brought some boyfriend back and they're sex in our front room. Should I back out? Pretend I wasn't home? Maybe sneak passed and hide upstairs, or burst in and give the little punk a scare for fucking my little girl?
I resolved to do a recce, and peeked my head around the door. I wasn't prepared for the situation. I saw my laptop on the coffee table, playing porn. Incest porn, a father fucking his daughter. I was torn between feeling shocked, angry, mortified and aroused.
Then I saw her. Abby was laying on the sofa, her thin top and bra were pushed up exposing her ample, ripe breasts. One hand was exploring, squeezing and pinching the flesh and pointed nipple. She pinched and rolled her nipple between her fingertips, making herself groan a little.
As my gazed tracked down her body, I could see that her tiny skirt was flicked up and her other hand was pushed down the front of her equally tiny blue panties. One leg was lazily dangling on the floor and the other bent and propped against the back of the sofa. I marvelled at how beautiful, sensuous and sexy she was. I think it was the first time I saw her as a pure sex object, and I did a poor job of reminding myself of why I couldn't have her.
Abby's eye's were glued the small laptop, the sound was down low, but I could hear the movie now. I knew which one it was, I'd wanked off to it myself only the day before and many times before that in the wake of my incestuous liaison with my own daughter.
I couldn't see the screen, but I knew the girl on screen was on her hands and knees, she was clearly young, probably about Abby's age, her hair was in pig tails and she was wearing nothing but bobby sox and white cotton panties. An older man was rubbing his engorged dick all over her panty covered ass whilst she looked over her shoulder at him, her mouth framed in an 'Oh' as she makes little mewing noises.
"Don't tell Mommy I've been bad Daddy! I'll do anything..." said the actress attempting to sound innocent.
Despite the wooden acting and crap, improbable dialog I felt my own shaft swell, I then glanced across to Abby and the sheer eroticism on display. Her hand carried on exploring her sex beneath her panties whilst the other seemed to be pinching her nipple harder and harder. I watched her panties rise and fall in time with her dexterous fingers as she idly teased herself. The material stretched, pulling it tighter against herself, nuzzling into her pussy. I could feel my cock swell at the spectale.
The realisation hit me around then, my daughter had found my browser history. I knew I should have deleted it, but somehow after cumming, I never seemed to get around to it. It was my laptop, no-one else used it, so no problem, right? The history painted a lurid picture of my browsing habits, Father / Daughter, teen vs older man. All similar, all damning.
Talk about busted.
The best thing I could have done was slowly and quietly disappear out of the house and come back an hour or so later. Instead, I stood there like dumb shit. I even started to subconsciously rub my cock through my trousers whilst I stared at Abby pleasuring herself.
Abby was no fool, and sensed me, she snapped her head around to stare at me, she even had the common decency to look shocked and stopped masturbating, pulling her hand from her panties quickly, for a moment at least.
"Shit dad, you scared the hell out of me!" she gasped in relief, normally if a girl was caught masturbating by her parents, you'd expect her to feel some embarrassment, maybe cover herself up, perhaps stammer and mumble something about being sorry or try to explain?
Abby seemed unconcerned though. Her breast were still on display and her chest rose and fell deeply, her legs were still spread apart and her panties tight, barely covering my fantasy. She displayed herself to me unabashed.
"So..." she simply said, glancing at the screen then back at me meaningfully with a raised eye brow.
I opened my mouth, then closed it again, not really knowing what to say. I must have looked like goldfish. I hadn't even taken my hand from my swollen wood.
Should I be angry at her, tell her to cover up? Shocked at finding her masturbating and admonish her? Feel embarrassed as she'd found my porn? Or feel horny as hell?!
It turned out I was feeling all of these things, the problem was I tried to express it all at once and ended up gibbering!
"Abby! What... I mean... For heaven sake!... How?..." I sputtered and carried on with other half finished phrases and sentences.
A smirk creased the corner of her mouth as she listened to me, before she finally burst out laughing.
"Either come in and sit down Dad, or leave me to finish off in peace" Laughed Abby as she got herself comfortable again, pushing up her top and bra and sliding her fingers back down the front of her panties.
I was dumbfounded, I don't think leaving was even an option that I considered at that moment. I felt my legs begin to move almost of their own volition. I arrived at a chair facing Abby and sat down heavily, feeling a little dazed.
Abby glanced over at me lazily and smiled. She half closed her eyes and turned her head back to the screen of the laptop, which was still playing. The scene had developed and the girl was on her back, her legs spread wide. Her 'father' was on top of her, pumping her pussy fast and hard, his ass a blur while she was screaming at her 'Daddy' to fuck her harder.
I couldn't help it, my cock grew and grew till it was straining against the zipper of my trousers. I wanted her so badly, but the animal lust from the kitchen incident hadn't returned. I still had some measure of self-control. Didn't I? Then I suddenly knew that if she made a move toward me, I wouldn't be able to stop her. I wouldn't be able to stop myself.
"Don't you ever think about it Daddy?" Abby breathed, her voice husky and quiet, but it snapped me out the daze a little. Her eyes were closed and her lips were parted slightly as her hands and fingers rhythmically pleasured herself. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her bottom lip slightly. She swayed her thighs slightly together and apart again, clearly enjoying the ministrations.
"I guess you do" she continued, "Ahhh" she quietly exclaimed, "I was beginning to think you were serious about not wanting me". She turned to me and looked straight into my eye, her own heavy lidded with lust.
Then she looked at the screen smirking "But I guess you've been thinking about it as much as I have. I haven't forgotten that you told me you loved me..." she trailed off.
I finally found my voice, but I couldn't take my eyes from her fingers twirling and pinching her nipple " Fantasies are one thing, but..." I croaked weakly. "I do love you, you're my little girl..." I tried, attempting to gain some control of the conversation.
Abby snorted a little and in answer lifted her legs together and shifted her hips, and bent her knees to her chest. I had the most perfect view of her ass, bisected by the narrow strip of her thong. She watched me around her legs and paused. I stared, my mouth dry and my cock throbbing. She hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties and slowly peeled them off. Her asshole came into view first, then gradually her pussy.
"Ohhhh fuck yes baby" crooned 'Dad' on the mostly forgotten porn.
Her lips looked fat and engorged in her arousal. She glistened with arousal in the low light of the room. She peeled the panties further, stopping at her knees. She didn't bother to take them off, she simply straightened and spread her legs again, stretching her panties tight. She pushed both of her hands down to explore the valley between her thighs.
I had a clear view and I could see her fingers flicking her clit in earnest whilst she teased her opening with the tip of another finger. The muscles in her thighs clenched and her breathing quickened.
She looked at me again " Is this a Fantasy?!" She said heatedly, "Is this YOUR fantasy?! Because it's right here in front of you"
" I... I can't..." I whispered, but I knew my resolve was crumbling
"You can Daddy, I can see you want to, your dick is rock hard..." she said gazing at my crotch.
"Honey, Please!! I can't do this with you again!" I pleaded.
"Then don't, but please just let me see it again, just once... Please Daddy, I'm so close..." she panted, her hands working faster, her face and chest flushed.
I shuddered in anticipation, my shaking hand undoing my zip, hesitating for a moment before my fingers fished for the hot hard flesh inside my boxers.
I withdrew it. Relief and sexual energy coursed through me. The air between us was electric. An involuntary groan escaped my lips as my fingers brushed the pre-cum soaked tip.
Abby was staring intently at my throbbing cock, and it didn't take much to see that she was close to orgasm. Her fingers were a blur, her chest heaving. She couldn't even speak, she just made guttural noises before she flung her head back, arched her back and clamped her thighs together screaming in ecstasy.
It was, without a doubt, the most incredibly erotic scene I'd ever witnessed. I was so intent on my daughter that I'd barely noticed that I'd begun to stroke my own cock, it wasn't until I felt the familiar heat behind my balls that I realised that I was going to cum too.
I'd barely touched myself yet I was cumming like a teenage boy, I grunted, my stomach tightened and I held my breath for a second as I felt it begin to shoot.
Meanwhile Abby had come down from her orgasm, and was looking at me with half closed eyes and a lazy, satisfied smile. Her fingers were gently tickling her sensitive clit, making her shudder. When she saw me about to cum, she let out a low moan.
I erupted and my cum blasted into the air a whole 2 foot, stream followed stream as my hips jerked in time with the powerful spurts which splattered my shirt all the way up to my own chin.
I was yelling my head off, it was the most powerful orgasm I'd ever had. My semen started to slow and pump rather than shoot as I gipped my shaft tightly, shaking from head to toe. My body was wracked with small spasms as my orgasm faded and I finally collapsed back into the chair, gasping for breath, basking in that magnificent after glow that only a hard orgasm can give you.
I slowly came back to my senses and opened my eyes, Abby had crawled across the floor, her hands were on my thighs and she gazed, parted lips at my cum soaked member, before she dipped her head and ran her tongue over it's tip collecting cum along the way.
I was too tired to push her away, to be honest I wasn't even sure I wanted too anymore.
I reflected then, as my daughter held my softening cock in her mouth, gently suckling the tip. Something had awoken in Abby. Something had awoken in me. I was too tired to realise that things would never be the same again.
To be continued...
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
This story was written as an adult fantasy. The author does not condone the described behaviour in real life in anyway shape or form. Anyone tempted to act out any of the scenarios in this story; should seriously consider seeking professional help.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~